<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>King's Proposal</title>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body epub:type="bodymatter">
  <section aria-label="ch7" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter">
    <p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 52. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_52" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>Then, like his prayers were being answered, a familiar face came into view up ahead—Ruri Fuyajoh, his younger sister.</p>

    <p class="TX">“…Quit shouting my name like that so early in the morning. You’re embarrassing me.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Ruri!”</p>

    <p class="TX">No sooner had Mushiki recognized her than he all but pounced, grabbing her firmly by the shoulders.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Thank goodness! I’ve been looking all over for you, Ruri!”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Wh-what are you going on about<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?” she responded.</p>

    <p class="TX">She was clearly overwhelmed by his fervor, but at the same time, she didn’t seem entirely displeased.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Ugh… If you wanted to go to class together, all you had to do was say so.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“No, that isn’t it!”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Then what is it?” she demanded, becoming noticeably annoyed.</p>

    <p class="TX">Mushiki, however, was in no state to honey his words. “Sorry!” he apologized in a panic. “I—I don’t know what to do<span class="ellipse_exclamatory">…</span>!”</p>

    <p class="TX">“<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>? What happened?” Ruri broke into a suspicious frown.</p>

    <p class="TX">But Mushiki didn’t launch into an explanation.</p>

    <p class="TX">The reason was simple—what happened next rendered any clarification unnecessary.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Hey, Ruri. Good morning. You’re up early today. Impressive.”</p>

    <p class="TX">Yes. Saika Kuozaki appeared behind Mushiki, waving to Ruri in casual greeting.</p>

    <p class="TX">Of course, she was now properly dressed, having changed into her Garden uniform. It was a good thing they had prepared spares just in case.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Ah! Madam Witch! Good morning!” No sooner had Ruri noticed her than she responded in kind. “…Huh?”</p>

    <p class="TX">She must have realized that something was amiss partway through that greeting, as she looked back and forth between Mushiki and Saika.</p>

    <p class="TX">The next moment—</p>

    <p class="TX">“Whaaat?! M-Madam Witch?!”</p>

    <p class="TX">As if having just seen a ghost, she let out a tremendous scream.</p>

    <p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 53. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_53" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>But that was only natural. After all, standing before her, side by side, were Mushiki and Saika, who were supposed to be merged into one.</p>

    <p class="TX">Other students began picking up on her unusual behavior, pausing as they wandered by to ask what was going on.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Eh? Huh? What happened?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Is Fuyajoh okay, you think?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Something’s definitely up with her.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Did Madam Witch get a haircut or something?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“No, that energy… Maybe a hair accessory?”</p>

    <p class="TX">The rest of the passing students quickly agreed with this assessment, and so they continued on their way to class. This kind of scene had all but become a regular occurrence at the Garden.</p>

    <p class="TX">That being said, Mushiki didn’t want to attract too much attention, so he was grateful for his classmates’ misunderstanding. He motioned for the others to follow him into the shade of the trees off from the main path.</p>

    <p class="TX">Having regained a modicum of composure, Ruri peered into his face with confusion. “D-don’t startle me like that… So what’s going on? Does this mean you and Madam Witch were able to separate yourselves, Mushiki<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“I don’t know what’s happening, either. We were like this when I woke up this morning…”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Oh? So basically, when you rebooted, the bugs were fixed?” Ruri returned with a nervous frown.</p>

    <p class="TX">Well, Mushiki couldn’t blame her for feeling confused. Even the parties directly involved couldn’t understand how it had happened. It was only natural that Ruri was at a loss.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Sorry for surprising you,” Saika said, shaking her head in apology. “It’s my responsibility to clarify how this may have occurred…but my memory is somewhat cloudy, I’m afraid. I’ve been like this since I woke up.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“<span class="ellipse_exclamatory">…</span>! Y-you’ve done nothing wrong, Madam Witch! Whatever the cause, isn’t it a good thing that you’re back to normal?!” Ruri replied in a fluster.</p>

    <p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 54. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_54" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>There could be no arguing with her on that point. One of Mushiki and Saika’s main objectives had been separating their bodies.</p>

    <p class="TX">But while their long-held wish had inexplicably come true, Mushiki found himself unable to rejoice.</p>

    <p class="TX">After all, once two entities were merged, disconnecting them was no easy feat.</p>

    <p class="TX">Saika herself had told him as much after they had become one.</p>

    <p class="TX">It wasn’t <i>impossible</i> per se, but even for someone as knowledgeable and as powerful as she, it couldn’t be done without first meeting several preconditions.</p>

    <p class="TX">That was why he had vowed to defend the world in her stead, to take on the mantle of serving as <i>Saika Kuozaki</i> until she was fully prepared.</p>

    <p class="TX">To think that it had now been accomplished, without them even knowing how…</p>

    <p class="TX">“…What’s the matter, Mushiki? You’re back to normal, but you don’t look happy about it.”</p>

    <p class="TX">His concerns, however, were quickly dispelled.</p>

    <p class="TX">Wearing a mischievous smile, Saika gently stroked him beneath his chin, as if soothing a frightened puppy.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Ah-ha-ha…”</p>

    <p class="TX">Mushiki felt heat rise to his cheeks, overcome by her sweet touch.</p>

    <p class="TX">Over the past few months, he had stared at this countenance in the mirror as if it were his very own.</p>

    <p class="TX">But being face-to-face with her, experiencing her call to him and even reach out physically—that was an altogether different kind of stimulation.</p>

    <p class="TX">Ruri turned a similar shade of bright red and covered her mouth with a hand. “W-whoa<span class="ellipse_comma">…</span>,” she murmured under her breath, witnessing a beautiful exchange between the person she most admired and her own brother unfold.</p>

    <p class="TX">“I certainly do have a few questions, but for now, let’s just rejoice in the fact that we can see each other again,” Saika said. “Or was I the only one looking forward to meeting you like this?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“N-no… I’ve been waiting for this for so long…”</p>

    <p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 55. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_55" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“Oh-ho. I’m honored. You’ve been a great help. If there’s anything you want from me, name it. It’s yours.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“I—I<span class="ellipse_comma">…</span>,” Mushiki stammered, his expression clouding over.</p>

    <p class="TX">And yet—</p>

    <div class="LI_SB"></div>

    <p class="TX">“What are you doing out and about so early in the morning, Mushiki?”</p>

    <div class="LI_SB"></div>

    <p class="TX">At that moment, a voice sounded from behind, pulling his consciousness back from the brink before it could plunge headfirst into a mire of its own making.</p>

    <p class="TX">“<span class="ellipse_exclamatory">…</span>!”</p>

    <p class="TX">Startling, he stood up straight.</p>

    <p class="TX">No, he wasn’t merely startled. He couldn’t possibly have failed to recognize who that voice belonged to.</p>

    <p class="TX">He spun around in a panic, and there she was—Kuroe, watching on, unamused.</p>

    <p class="TX">“D-don’t get the wrong idea, Kuroe<span class="ellipse_comma">…</span>,” he began, before suddenly snapping his mouth shut.</p>

    <p class="TX">It wasn’t that he couldn’t think of an excuse to extricate himself from this situation.</p>

    <p class="TX">No, the source of his silence was much more straightforward. He had just realized how bizarre, how impossible, this scene ought to have been.</p>

    <p class="TX">“K-Kuroe?! What are you doing here<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?!” he cried out, his eyes opening as wide as humanly possible.</p>

    <p class="TX">“What a thing to ask. I’m a student here at the Garden, on my way to class<span class="ellipse_comma">…</span>,” she answered in her usual matter-of-fact tone. She must have noticed the presence of the individual standing by his side, however, as she trailed off toward the end of her statement.</p>

    <p class="TX">Saika offered her a cheerful wave. “Hi there.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Kuroe<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>? Is something wrong?” Ruri asked, watching all this from the sidelines.</p>

    <p class="TX">But her reaction was understandable. After all, she believed that Saika and Kuroe were different people.</p>

    <p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 56. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_56" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“…”</p>

    <p class="TX">Kuroe, however, was under no such impression. Without saying a word, she peered intently into Saika’s eyes, then raised both hands to gently pat and pull at her cheeks.</p>

    <p class="TX">“That tickles, Kuroe. Kuroe<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“…”</p>

    <p class="TX">No, she wasn’t just touching. Gradually, Kuroe began to put more and more strength into her hands until she was all but kneading Saika’s cheeks with the precision of an udon noodle chef. From where Mushiki was standing, it looked like she was trying to unmask a cartoon villain.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Ugh… Ngh…”</p>

    <p class="TX">“K-Kuroe! What are you doing?!” Mushiki cried.</p>

    <p class="TX">“You’ll tear Madam Witch’s cheeks off!” Ruri rushed in, pulling Kuroe away as if to stop her from ruining a culinary masterpiece.</p>

    <p class="TX">But even after her hands were brought behind her back, Kuroe continued to twist and turn her fingers through the empty air.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Mushiki, Ruri,” Kuroe murmured.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Y-yes<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“What<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“What game are you playing this time? Make-believe with dolls that look just like Lady Saika?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Kuroe! She’s the real deal!”</p>

    <p class="TX">“What’s going on with you?!”</p>

    <p class="TX">Given how impeccably Kuroe normally maintained her calm and composed demeanor, her current behavior was simply unthinkable. Upon closer inspection, however, while her countenance remained the same as ever, her pupils were fully dilated, making for a terrifying sight.</p>

    <p class="TX">But her reaction was entirely understandable.</p>

    <p class="TX">Yes. Because both she and Saika were present in the same place at the same time.</p>

    <p class="TX">They were both awake, both speaking.</p>

    <p class="TX">Yes—for those in the know, this seemingly ordinary scene was utterly bizarre.</p>

    <p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 57. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_57" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>After all, Kuroe Karasuma was no more than an artificial body built to house Saika’s consciousness.</p>

    <p class="TX">In other words, there were <i>two</i> Saikas here simultaneously.</p>

    <p class="TX">“…Hmm.”</p>

    <p class="TX">After a few minutes, Kuroe regained her composure. Once Ruri had let go of her again, she offered Saika a respectful bow. “Good morning, Lady Saika. I don’t believe I’ve seen you and Mushiki in each other’s company before.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Ah. Morning, Kuroe. I’ve kept you busy lately, it seems. Thank you,” Saika responded warmly.</p>

    <p class="TX">At first glance, this was a truly uneventful sight. Indeed, to Ruri, who remained unaware of Kuroe’s true identity, it must have seemed like everything had returned to normal.</p>

    <p class="TX">Mushiki, however, had been thrown into a state of utter confusion.</p>

    <p class="TX">Not only were there inexplicably <i>two</i> Saikas here, but they were exchanging greetings with each other.</p>

    <p class="TX">Could he still be dreaming? He pinched his cheek as hard as he could to wake himself up, wincing at the pain.</p>

    <p class="TX">“…Mushiki. Can you tell me what happened?” Kuroe inquired. “Reversing the fusion technique was supposed to be quite difficult, no?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Eh? Ah… Right. Actually…”</p>

    <p class="TX">He explained the events of the morning as succinctly as he could.</p>

    <p class="TX">Well, <i>explain</i> probably wasn’t quite the right word. <i>Summed up</i>, more like. When he woke up, he and Saika were lying next to each other. That was the whole story, that one sentence. He had no idea how it had happened.</p>

    <p class="TX">“I see…” After hearing him out, Kuroe placed a hand under her chin and let out a low groan. “I think I get the gist of it. For now, let’s find Knight Erulka.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Knight Erulka?” Ruri repeated.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Precisely.” Kuroe nodded. “Delightful though it is that Lady Saika and Mushiki have been separated, it’s quite impossible for a fusion technique to simply unravel by itself. No doubt some external force—a third party, perhaps—must have been involved. Since we <span aria-label=" Page 58. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_58" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>don’t know what kind of impact the process might have had on them, it’s prudent to conduct a physical examination, at the very least. Of course, Knight Erulka doesn’t know that Lady Saika and Mushiki were, in fact, fused, so we will need to come up with some suitable pretext for this request.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“…That’s true.” Ruri wore a bitter look. It was clear that she was ashamed of herself for not having realized this sooner. “I agree. What do you think, Madam Witch?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Yes, very well. I don’t feel like there’s anything physically wrong with me, but if you insist, I don’t see why not.” Saika nodded in response.</p>

    <p class="TX">To this, Kuroe responded with an even deeper bow than she had a moment ago. “Thank you… But before we go any further, I would like to confirm one other thing.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Confirm?” Mushiki repeated. “Confirm what?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Yes.” Without answering, she took a quick step toward him.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Eh?”</p>

    <p class="TX">Then, in one swift, fluid motion, she grabbed him by the back of his head and pressed her lips up against his own.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Wh-whaaat?!” Ruri screamed, wrenching the two of them apart. “Hey…where did <i>that</i> come from?!”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Have you forgotten? This is how we initialize a state change,” Kuroe said as if the answer were obvious. “I’m merely checking if Lady Saika and Mushiki have been completely separated. Should nothing happen, so be it. But if Mushiki does change somehow in response to this stimulus, that may be a clue toward solving any outstanding issues.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“…R-right. But still!” Ruri all but shouted.</p>

    <p class="TX">However, she must have realized that Kuroe’s argument was a sound one, as she scratched the back of her head worriedly.</p>

    <p class="TX">After a few moments, she looked up, her face filled with fresh resolve. “…O-okay. I’ll do it!”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Even if someone other than me performs the procedure, I still have to activate the appropriate magic formula first. I don’t see the point in involving you unnecessarily—”</p>

    <p class="TX">“C-come on! This isn’t about efficiency!”</p>

    <p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 59. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_59" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>At that moment, Saika spoke up with an amused look. “Hmm. In that case, maybe <i>I</i> should give it a try?”</p>

    <p class="TX"><i>“No!”</i> Kuroe, Ruri, and Mushiki responded in perfect harmony.</p>

    <p class="TX">Well, their words may have been identical, but their reasons for objecting were far from aligned.</p>

    <p class="TX">“There’s no telling what might happen if you two exchange magical energy,” Kuroe explained.</p>

    <p class="TX">“You can’t give yourself away so easily, Madam Witch!” Ruri burst out.</p>

    <p class="TX">“I need a minute to prepare myself!” Mushiki stammered.</p>

    <p class="TX">Just as the three of them were about to face off, Saika, wearing a cute smile, let out a light giggle.</p>

    <p class="TX">At that moment—</p>

    <p class="TX">An announcement sounded throughout the Garden over the campus’s PA system.</p>

    <p class="TX"><i>“This is an urgent message for Headmistress Kuozaki. Please make your way immediately to the central command center. Erulka Flaera is waiting for you. I repeat…”</i></p>

    <p class="TX">“Hmm<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?”</p>

    <p class="TX">The four of them each exchanged surprised glances at the strange timing of the call.</p>

    <div class="LI_SB1"></div>

    <p class="TX1">“Ah. Sorry for calling you over the PA system, Saika.”</p>

    <p class="TX">Greeting them in the central command center was a petite girl dressed in a strange outfit: a white lab coat worn above light underwear.</p>

    <p class="TX">Appearance-wise, she looked to be around thirteen or fourteen years old, but everyone in the Garden knew that was a far cry from her actual age.</p>

    <p class="TX">Erulka Flaera—Knight of the Garden and a veteran mage second only to Saika.</p>

    <p class="TX">“That’s okay. We were about to go and find you anyway.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Oh? Whatever for?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Let’s save that for now… First, tell me what’s going on here. Has something happened?”</p>

    <p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 60. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_60" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“Ah…” Erulka looked their group over, twisting her lips into a forced smile. “I wasn’t expecting so many of you,” she said with a slight shrug.</p>

    <p class="TX">Mushiki and the others shrank back.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Ah… Sorry. We were on our way to class together,” he tried to explain.</p>

    <p class="TX">“If we’re imposing, we can leave,” Ruri added.</p>

    <p class="TX">“No, it doesn’t matter. Everyone will find out sooner or later. There’s no keeping <i>this</i> under wraps,” Erulka muttered, crossing her arms.</p>

    <p class="TX">Mushiki sensed something ominous in her response, and his breath caught in his throat.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Maybe you should just take a look for yourself, Sis?” Erulka called out into the empty air above.</p>

    <p class="TX"><i>“Got it!”</i></p>

    <p class="TX">The next moment, a dainty girl appeared, floating over the huge table in the center of the room.</p>

    <p class="TX">She had long, silvery-white hair and pale skin. A robe-like garment covered her astonishingly large bust.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Silvelle…Sis,” Mushiki mouthed.</p>

    <p class="TX">The girl spun gracefully through the air, giving him a joyous smile. <i>“Bingo! Way to go, Mukkie! It’s everyone’s favorite big sister, Silvelle!”</i> she said, pirouetting once more before landing softly before them.</p>

    <p class="TX">Silvelle, the Garden’s administrative AI—or more accurately, the interface operated by the AI for interacting with students and staff. The incident with Clara had put her out of action for a while, but she had finally been reactivated just the other day.</p>

    <p class="TX">Though she was a high-performance artificial intelligence in charge of the Garden’s security and administration, for some reason, she insisted on being treated as an elder sister figure. She wouldn’t even respond to users unless addressed as <i>Sis</i>. She was a far cry from what Mushiki might have expected from an AI.</p>

    <p class="TX">“Play the video again, Sis,” Erulka instructed.</p>

    <p class="TX"><i>“Got it, Erulkie!”</i> Silvelle answered with a dramatic flourish.</p>

    <p class="TX">A sparkle effect filled the room as a three-dimensional image took shape over the table.</p>

    <p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 61. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_61" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>It was an image of the <i>outside</i>—a scene of craterlike marks scattered across the earth.</p>

    <p class="TX">“…What is this?” Saika asked.</p>

    <p class="TX">“A city in America,” Erulka answered, staring up at the projection. “In terms of location, roughly halfway between Baltimore and Philadelphia.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“…Huh?”</p>

    <p class="TX">Unable to grasp the implications of what he was seeing, Mushiki let out a low squeak.</p>

    <p class="TX">But one could hardly blame him for it. At the very least, the scene before them didn’t resemble anything remotely like a city.</p>

    <p class="TX">Perhaps having expected this response, Erulka launched into her explanation: “At oh four thirty hours this morning, an unknown magical reaction was detected in a city on the East Coast of the United States. This image was taken after we set out to investigate.”</p>

    <p class="TX">“Huh<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?”</p>

    <p class="TX">“What on earth<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?”</p>

    <p class="TX">Mushiki and the others stared up in disbelief.</p>

    <p class="TX">“The whole city vanished in the blink of an eye,” Erulka declared.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>