<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 7</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter004a">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter004">INTERLUDE</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter004">A PRIVATE CHAT</a></h1>
<p class="cotx">The kingdom of Seltrozzo was a small realm, nestled along the northern coastline between Englesia and Farmus. It was currently providing the stage for a clandestine meeting that would change history forever.</p>
<p>“So how did it go?”</p>
<p>“Just as we figured. Our cover’s still intact.”</p>
<p>“Heh-heh-heh… That witch may have a sharp mind, but maybe she’s nothing too scary after all.”</p>
<p>“I wouldn’t be so sure. Strength-wise, there’s no downplaying it. She’s the best in the West.”</p>
<p>“Indeed. Ill-advised artifice is powerless against brute force. I would recommend all of you to never forget that.”</p>
<p>Here, in a large, firelit room in a realm kept cool all year by the blowing sea breeze, the Five Elders had gathered. Their dress was ornate—some crafted with Tempestian silk, still a rarity to obtain. It was inlaid with anti-magic Artifacts, providing a full defense against any unexpected strikes. It spoke volumes about the group’s financial backing.</p>
<p>The room had, of course, been fully sealed off from the outside world, reinforced and designed to withstand magic up to the nuclear level. They even had stout, A-ranked knights standing guard in the middle. All of them were seated in a row, and with them was Glenda, the wild beauty with the spiky red hair—the Raging Sea, one of the Ten Great Saints and Three Battlesages. Her main source of employment came from these Five Elders, the Council’s powerbrokers.</p>
<p>One of them, clad in a loose white outfit, had eyes as sharp as a hawk, his presence dominating the room…were it not for the charming, doll-like little girl seated on his lap. She was maybe not quite ten years old, her hair a silky blond, her lips a light shade of pink. At first glance, it looked like an old man babysitting his granddaughter, as much as the sight clashed against its surroundings. But nobody brought it up. They let the man do what he wanted, as if this was a given—for that man was Granville Rozzo himself, head of the Rozzo family and mediator of the Five Elders.</p>
<p>The Rozzos of the Western Nations were a family of rulers. Seltrozzo was their exclusively owned domain, and family members could be found among royalty in Farmus and Englesia as well. The establishment of the Council of the West was largely the result of their tireless efforts, and while Council seats were theoretically selected by its member nations, most were taken by those under the patronage of the Rozzos. Their power extended far beyond their diminutive borders, outclassing entire nations on the international stage. They could safely be called the de facto rulers of the Western Nations. It was even their funding that let Yuuki Kagurazaka establish the Free Guild.</p>
<p>Granville was their leader, and nobody here was going to criticize the leader’s behavior. He gave the girl on his lap a reassuring pat on the head as he solemnly spoke.</p>
<p>“Very good.” A thin smile came to his lips. “But Sir Damrada, I fear your lies have been uncovered, haven’t they?”</p>
<p>This was in reference to Glenda’s report that Hinata had discovered she was being taken advantage of. The question was addressed to Damrada, dressed all in black and covering his face with a broad, umbrellalike hat. He, too, held himself like high nobility, although his clothing was rare in these parts. He was not from the Western Nations.</p>
<p>“Heh-heh-heh… I don’t see a problem with that. We may have lost Hinata Sakaguchi’s trust, but we earned a great deal in return—<em>your</em> trust, my good man Granville.”</p>
<p>“Ha. You say that, even though the East has come here to spread division in the West and make money off the ensuing weapon sales. Then the Empire will wait until we’re exhausted to take action, yes? Trust hardly comes into it.”</p>
<p>“Well, well, well. I should have expected such fine insightfulness from you, my good man.”</p>
<p>“Are you denying it?”</p>
<p>“No point in doing so, is there?”</p>
<p>“Heh. How kind of you to say. But back to the main issue.”</p>
<p>“Yes.”</p>
<p>“We both agree that Hinata needs to be eliminated, am I right?”</p>
<p>“Of course. It goes without saying that Veldora, the Storm Dragon, was the Empire’s greatest impediment to its western expansion. Now they say he has been tamed by the demon lord Rimuru. Whether that is true or not, it is safe to say now that the dragon can be negotiated with. That opens an opportunity for us. The next issue is the threat of the Western Holy Church. They are the glue that holds all these nations together, and with that, the Empire’s full strength would not be enough to seize the West.”</p>
<p>“Oh? So we hardly merit notice from you?”</p>
<p>“I don’t mean that at all. All five of you are intelligent and understanding of your interests. After the Empire takes over the West, I hope we can continue to work together to control its economy.”</p>
<p>“Work together? Are you asking us to lead the Empire directly to our doors? Don’t make me laugh.”</p>
<p>“Heh-heh-heh. The Empire is a powerful thing, you know. It will be difficult but not impossible. Are you opposing us?”</p>
<p>“Such insolence from a mere weapons merchant!”</p>
<p>It was Glenda who finally took verbal offense to this. She took out an unfamiliar weapon—a pistol—from her clothing and pointed it at the merchant.</p>
<p>Damrada was unfazed—and not because he was unaware of what that weapon could do.</p>
<p>“Heh-heh-heh… A pistol?” He sounded less than impressed. “I’m surprised to see them here, in the West.”</p>
<p>“Oh, you know what this thing is? It doesn’t seem to bother you too much.”</p>
<p>“Of course I know it. Do you think the West is the only place one can find otherworlders? And remember, I deal in weapons. It is my job to be familiar with every type of weapon out there. The one you are pointing at me is common in my lands. They are being manufactured in great quantities.”</p>





</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>