<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 7</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter006ab">
<p class="space-break1s"><span class="WL">Report. It is suggested to sacrifice your ultimate skill Belzebuth, Lord of Gluttony, to cancel out this attack.</span></p>
<p class="space-break">I <em>knew</em> I could rely on old Professor Raphael at a time like this.</p>
<p>As much as I hated to let go of Belzebuth, I didn’t have much choice here. Out of all the suggestions it had, this was the most likely one to work, so there wasn’t much point wavering on a decision. At <em>this</em> speed, besides, aiming practically didn’t matter. It’s not like I could adjust my trajectory midway.</p>
<p>Raphael used Predict Future Attack to calculate the point Hinata aimed at, activating Belzebuth at that exact spot. The moment her sword hit me, Belzebuth would swallow it all up—or so the plan went.</p>
<p>Pretty simple. No reason to waver. And in another few scant moments, Hinata’s skill crossed paths with Belzebuth.</p>
<p>………</p>
<p>……</p>
<p>…</p>
<p>The result? Well, I survived. I thought I wasn’t gonna for a second, but I did.</p>
<p>“Heh-heh-heh… Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha!”</p>
<p>I could hear Hinata’s laughter ringing in my ears as I was lying there on the ground. All the magicules in the area had been purified; Universal Detect wasn’t working for me, making this the first time in a while that I “heard” using my actual eardrums. It was more unnerving an experience than a nostalgic one.</p>
<p>My body couldn’t move. Canceling out Hinata’s strike consumed a vast amount of magicules—in terms of damage, it probably wiped out over 70 percent of my store. Which, hey, it’s fine as long as I’m alive…but what a <em>scary</em> attack she had up her sleeve. If she busted that out without warning me… Well, just thinking about it made a chill run down my spine.</p>
<p>“I’m impressed. In the midst of that, you took the attack full-on? On purpose?”</p>
<p><em>Huh? What’s Hinata talking about? What kind of idiot would intentionally take an attack like that?</em></p>
<p class="space-break1s"><span class="WL">…</span></p>
<p class="space-break"><em>Um, hold on…</em></p>
<p>Perplexed at Raphael’s suddenly odd behavior, I decided to ask it a question. But the prof was silent. Hiding something, likely.</p>
<p>“Well, if you took it and lived, I lose. It’s not like I can fight beyond this.”</p>
<p>The protective light around Hinata disappeared…or fizzled out, really. She was spent. Even that amazing sword of hers was gone, gobbled up by Belzebuth. She could no longer offer any more resistance to anyone. Only her dignity was intact, her head held high, as she waited for my reply.</p>
<p>“Yeah. We’ll call it a win for me…”</p>
<p>The battle was over. But the problem hadn’t been solved.</p>
<p class="space-break">As I attempted to declare victory over Hinata, I spotted something out the corner of my eye. Hinata noticed it, too, and turned toward it.</p>
<p>Up ahead, coming our way, was a large sword.</p>
<p class="space-break1s"><span class="WL">Report. Thought interference and magicule instability detected on target. It will explode soon.</span></p>
<p class="space-break">The target was the great sword itself. If someone was interfering with it… Was it an attack aimed at us?!</p>
<p>“No! Are these the depths you’ll sink to, Seven Days?!”</p>
<p>Hinata screamed out as she stood in front of me. I was still immobile. And then, the promised explosion. And then I could see Hinata’s body slowly crumple.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>