<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 7</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter007af">
<p>“Oh, uh, sorry, the final defense line turned out to be unnecessary.”</p>
<p>“Aw, dammit! I was waiting here with bated breath, all this time…”</p>
<p>The news didn’t exactly thrill him, but he’d have to deal with it. Thus, everything was settled—or so I hoped. But the moment Veldora laid eyes on Luminus, he dropped another bombshell.</p>
<p>“Whoa…!! You! I remember you! I know I do! You’re Luminus, the <em>demon lord</em> Luminus! That vampire whose castle I blew to splinters! Wow, I’m glad I remembered! Otherwise, it’d be bothering me all day—”</p>
<p>He was stopped by the tip of a sword Luminus produced out of nowhere tapping against his neck. But, like, too late now, huh? He just went and proved to the world that the god Luminus was the demon lord Luminus Valentine.</p>
<p>The paladins were, uh, nonplussed. They fell silent, unable to parse this all at once. Hinata, apparently aware of this before now, put a hand to her forehead and sighed, while Louis just stood there like he was above it all.</p>
<p>Hoo boy. Time and time again, Veldora proved himself the biggest troublemaker I ever knew.</p>
<p class="space-break">We all had to team up to restrain the enraged Luminus after that—“This accursed lizard! Getting in my hair every single damned time!!”—but that’s a story for another day.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>