<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Chance Encounter</h1>

      <p>Fifteen days after Rio and the others departed from the spirit folk village...</p>

      <p>The journey had progressed without any particular obstacles, allowing them to reach the Strahl region safely. It was thanks to Rio choosing a safer route, having traveled between the spirit folk village and the Strahl region numerous times now.</p>

      <p>It was before noon; their current location was far above the easternmost area of the Galarc Kingdom, known as the Nephilim Mountains — the mountain range that separated the Strahl region from the Wilderness.</p>

      <p>“The Strahl region is past here,” Rio informed the others.</p>

      <p>“So this is...” There was still no sign of civilization, but Sara and the other spirit folk girls looked down at their first glance of the vast Strahl region in awe.</p>

      <p>“...” Latifa also stared down at the view before them.</p>

      <p>“Are you scared, Latifa?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“Nope, because Onii-chan’s with me! I’m fine!” Latifa answered, tightly hugging Rio, who was still carrying her.</p>

      <p>“I see. If you feel uneasy at all, you can rely on me and the people around you.”</p>

      <p>“Yup!” Latifa replied obediently to Rio’s gentle words.</p>

      <p>“We’ve come back again. To the Strahl region...” Aki must have been nervous, as she was looking downwards restlessly.</p>

      <p>“I hope we can find Takahisa,” Miharu said, squeezing Aki’s hand.</p>

      <p>“Yup. Please ask Satsuki everything on my behalf, Miharu,” Aki said with a nod, squeezing Miharu’s hand back.</p>

      <p>“First, we have to head to Aishia. Now that we’ve come this far, we should arrive before sundown. I’ll continue leading the way like I have been, so follow me,” Rio called out to the group flying behind him.</p>

      <p>“Okay!” Miharu and the others focused and nodded firmly.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Several hours later, before sundown — exactly as planned...</p>

      <p>Rio led the others to an area by the outskirts of the Galarc Kingdom’s capital.</p>

      <p>“It should be near the rocks here...” Rio searched through his memory as he looked down at the rocky area down below.</p>

      <p>Just like hiding a tree in a forest, he had placed the rock house by other rocks. He could already feel his connection to Aishia nearby, but all the boulders were making it hard to search. <em>Welcome home, Haruto.</em> The telepathic message suddenly echoed in Rio’s head.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia, I’m home. Good timing — I was just having trouble locating the house. Can you lead me there?</em> Rio smiled wryly. If they could communicate telepathically, Aishia must be very close by.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, I’m heading to you now.</em></p>

      <p><em>Hm? ...Ah, there you are.</em> Rio spotted the figured closing in on them from diagonally to the right and smiled. His eyes had been fixed downwards, so he was a little slow to notice.</p>

      <p>“It’s Lady Aishia.” Sara and the others had also noticed her.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back.” Aishia came to a stop before them in a flash, calling out to Rio and the group.</p>

      <p>“Ai-chan... we’re back.” Seeing Aishia for the first time in a while had Miharu’s eyes tearing up.</p>

      <p>“Welcome home, Miharu,” Aishia said.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a long time, Lady Aishia,” Sara said respectfully.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Aishia!” Latifa called out happily.</p>

      <p>“Hello, everyone. Celia’s waiting, so let me lead you to the house first. This way,” Aishia said, turning to head back in the direction she came. The party followed behind her, soaring through the air. Less than a minute later —</p>

      <p>“We’re here. Over there.” Aishia pointed below. There was the rock house, with Celia standing outside waving her arms.</p>

      <p>“That woman must be Rio’s teacher,” Alma muttered quietly.</p>

      <p>“I’m nervous, but I hope I can introduce myself properly and become friends!” Orphia said with enthusiasm.</p>

      <p>“Agreed,” Alma nodded with a small smile. Before long, they were landing on the ground. As everyone set their feet down, Celia welcomed the party with a little bewilderment.</p>

      <p>“T-That’s a lot of people...”</p>

      <p>“I’m home, Professor.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. Welcome home...” Celia replied fearfully. She first looked at Latifa being carried in a princess hold, then around at Miharu and Sara and the others.</p>

      <p><em>There are so many cute girls... I wonder what their relationship is?!</em> Celia was driven with the urge to ask Rio, but with so many fellow travelers present she couldn’t help but hesitate.</p>

      <p>For the record, Sara and the others were currently using magic artifacts in the shape of necklaces to appear like humans, hiding their racial features like ears and tails so that Celia couldn’t see.</p>

      <p>“...” Latifa and the others watched Celia in captivation.</p>

      <p>“...She really is young.” Sara looked at the woman she had heard about in curious wonder.</p>

      <p>“She’s about the same height as Aki and Latifa, or maybe a bit taller?” Orphia said, cocking her head.</p>

      <p>“She’s a very beautiful person,” Alma murmured, staring fixedly at Celia.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, who are these people? The Miharu person is among them, right?” Celia asked hesitantly. She must have felt uncomfortable from all the attention.</p>

      <p>“Yes. That’s correct, but I’m not sure where to begin explaining. Introductions are in order too, so how about we head inside first?” Rio suggested with a troubled look.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The group then moved to the living room of the rock house.</p>

      <p>“Shall we all have a seat? To make introductions easier, can you all sit in groups of where you came from? Professor, you can come sit next to me,” Rio said, then sat on the three-seater sofa with Celia.</p>

      <p>“I’ll go pour the tea, then,” Aishia volunteered.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I’ll help, Ai-chan,” Miharu immediately offered.</p>

      <p>Orphia stepped up too. “I’ll help too...”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. I already know everyone here, so the two of you should stay.” Aishia shook her head before departing. At that, Miharu and Orphia quietly sat down.</p>

      <p>“Let’s get straight to it with introductions and an explanation of what’s going on,” Rio began. He was the only one other than Aishia who knew everyone present, so he had to take the lead. “First of all, this is Professor Celia. She’s my former teacher.”</p>

      <p>Celia bowed awkwardly. “Hello...” Having ran away from the Kingdom of Beltrum, she wasn’t sure where to start with her introduction.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I know this must be very sudden, but I’ve given them a simple explanation of your circumstances — but only as much as they need. They also have their own rather special circumstances and would never reveal your information to anyone else, which I can guarantee. They’ll explain their background after this, so could you introduce yourself first, Professor?” Rio said to Celia quietly, his tone apologetic. Meanwhile, Sara and the others watched him speak while feeling slightly nervous.</p>

      <p>“...All right. It’s a promise, okay?” Celia looked over at the rather stiff-faced girls and agreed in exasperation.</p>

      <p>“Umm, like Rio said, I’m his former teacher, Celia Claire,” she began courteously. “I’m actually a noble from the Kingdom of Beltrum, but certain circumstances placed me under the care of Rio right now. Have you heard about what happened already?” she asked Rio, wondering what they knew thus far.</p>

      <p>“Yes, very briefly. I apologize,” Rio said awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to apologize.” Celia shook her head with a strained smile. “I’ll show you what I really look like, then.” She untied her hair, then removed the necklace artifact that was changing the color of her hair, changing her hair from blonde to silver.</p>

      <p>“Whoa...” Masato let slip a sound of awe, captivated by Celia.</p>

      <p>“...” Miharu and the rest all looked at Celia’s change in wonderment.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>