<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Ah...” Miharu was rendered speechless at Latifa’s confession.</p>

      <p>“The Strahl region is human territory, so there are practically no communities like this village where people of different races live together. If there are, they’re slaves. There’s no place for us other than slavery.” Latifa continued on with a troubled look. “The nobles that owned me raised me as an assassin. They put a magic collar on me, to keep me from disobeying. That’s why, when I regained my memories of my past life, I had already killed people. After my memories awakened too, with these hands, I...”</p>

      <p>Latifa’s body trembled a bit as she looked down at her hands. It must have been painful just to recall. It was a past she normally kept sealed deep within her memories.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay, Latifa. If it hurts, you don’t have to force yourself to tell me.” Miharu approached Latifa and grabbed her hand. She spoke with a pained look in her eyes.</p>

      <p>Latifa shook her head from side to side. “No, I need to do this... In order to ask you a question later. That’s why... You may not want to hear this, but I want you to. Is that okay?”</p>

      <p>“...Yup.” Miharu frowned, nodding deeply.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. As an assassin, I... I was controlled by the slavery collar, and told to kill Onii-chan like the others... That was what happened between me and Onii-chan, before we came to the village,” Latifa said shamefully, biting her lip as she stared at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“...Latifa.” Tears gently fell from Miharu’s eyes. The story was just too much to bear.</p>

      <p>“I pretended to collapse so that I could kill Onii-chan. But, there was no way I could win against Onii-chan, and I easily had the tables turned on me. I thought I would be killed, but I didn’t want to die, became scared, then completely threw a crying fit, at which Onii-chan knocked me out...” Latifa said bitterly. It really was a miserable recollection.</p>

      <p>“Onii-chan didn’t kill me, though. Instead, he removed the collar that was controlling me. Then he brought me, who didn’t have a place in Strahl, who was nothing more than a burden, all the way to this village. He gave someone like me, who didn’t even have their own will, a chance to live an ordinary life,” Latifa continued in a quiet but firm voice.</p>

      <p>“...” Miharu was overwhelmed and stood there in silence.</p>

      <p>“I’ve caused Onii-chan a lot of trouble. I owe him so much, more than I can repay him in this lifetime. Onii-chan’s kind, so he’d deny all that, but that’s not true at all. That’s why I’ll spend my life returning this debt to Onii-chan. That’s what I think...” Latifa said, then paused.</p>

      <p>“...You really love Haruto, after all,” Miharu said softly. It was clear as day that Latifa really loved Rio from their conversation just now. So clear, it was almost too bright to look at directly.</p>

      <p>“Yup, that’s right. I love Onii-chan. I love him as my brother, and as a man. I fell in love with the same person twice.” Latifa nodded.</p>

      <p>“I-I see...” For some reason, Miharu felt her chest clenching and made a pained face.</p>

      <p>“That’s why, I think I get it. The reason why Sara and Orphia and Alma, why everyone loves him too... They still seem to feel guilty for how horribly they treated him over the misunderstanding when we first wandered into the village, but I can tell they love him.”</p>

      <p>“...Right,” Miharu nodded with difficulty. Since they had been living together like a family, Miharu had somewhat realized that too.</p>

      <p>“What about you, Miharu?” Latifa suddenly asked.</p>

      <p>“...Huh?” For a moment, Miharu wasn’t sure what she was asking, her eyes widening. But she understood her meaning in no time and flinched in shock.</p>

      <p>“Do you love Onii-chan too, Miharu? This is the condition I gave at the beginning. The question I wanted to ask you,” Latifa asked bluntly, staring at Miharu up close.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Miharu was unable to answer on the spot, a terribly hesitant look on her face.</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to rush. I want to hear your true feelings,” Latifa said calmly.</p>

      <p>“I... I had someone I loved when I was little.” Miharu slowly opened her mouth, thinking hard. “I probably loved that person just as much as you are currently in love. It was natural for the two of us to be together every day, and I thought it would only be natural for us to be together forever... Me, and my childhood friend. Aki was also there, and the three of us would play together,” she continued.</p>

      <p>“Mhm...” Latifa nodded, urging Miharu to go on.</p>

      <p>“But our time together didn’t continue on for very long. When I was seven, that boy had to move far away with his father, after his parents divorced. Only Aki and I were left. Aki was that boy’s little sister, you know. She’s grown to hate him now, but back then, she loved her brother. After her brother left her, she shut herself away in her room for days and cried,” Miharu said slowly, looking back on those times.</p>

      <p>Latifa’s eyes had widened when she found out Aki hated Haruto, but she chose not to touch upon that and instead asked nervously about Miharu at the time. “...Did you cry, Miharu?”</p>

      <p>“I was three years older than Aki. I say that to make myself sound cooler, but I cried too. I cried the whole day he moved,” Miharu answered with a bitter smile. “But, when we parted, he made a promise to me. That when he grew up, he’d come to get me. That’s why we should get married. Then we could always be together, he could always be by my side, and protect me with his life...” she said with a sad, faraway look.</p>

      <p>“Miharu...” Latifa felt like her chest was about to rip apart. In the end, Haruto was still able to keep that promise, even now. He would protect Miharu with his life.</p>

      <p>“I’m a simple person, so I was really happy and stopped crying because of that. I don’t know if I still love that person now that I’ve grown up, but my memories of that time are a precious treasure to me. That’s why... That’s why... I couldn’t imagine having that kind of relationship with another man until now. But...” Miharu said in embarrassment, frowning at the end.</p>

      <p>“But?” Latifa gulped.</p>

      <p>“...I don’t know. Something like this, I’ve never... While living with Haruto, I started overlapping his existence with the person I knew. I know that it’s the wrong thing to do — I keep telling myself that — but lately my feelings keep surging up. The timelines don’t match, though, so it couldn’t be possible.”</p>

      <p>Around and around, in circles. Miharu’s thoughts and feelings were sucked into a cycle of negativity. Her face twisted in pain as she ducked her head, but after a while, she raised it again.</p>

      <p>“The person I loved when I was young was named Amakawa Haruto. The same name as Haruto.” She stared at Latifa as she spoke quietly, as though seeking an answer.</p>

      <p>“...Sorry. I know what it is you’re trying to ask. Even so, I can’t tell you anything about Onii-chan’s past life from my own mouth.” That was what she had promised, after all. Latifa shook her head apologetically.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’m sorry too, for troubling you like this... The reason I haven’t asked Haruto myself is probably because I still haven’t reached my own answer yet. I’m too scared to make sure...” Miharu bit her lip out of shame.</p>

      <p>“...That’s understandable. You’re an older sister to two, so you have to consider Aki and Masato.”</p>

      <p>In reality, Miharu was in a position as the eldest where she always had to consider the other two, not just herself. However, the point that ultimately made Miharu hold her ground was the mismatched timelines. There was no way Amakawa Haruto could have been a university student, since he was a first year high schooler like her. That’s why, logically speaking, there was no way they could be the same person.</p>

      <p>That was the binding spell. Because she understood there was a time discrepancy, Miharu was unconsciously afraid of confirming with Rio. She believed it wasn’t something she should confirm, having the vague feeling something would change if she did.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah. I have to keep it together. For the sake of those two,” Miharu said to herself.</p>

      <p>While it could be interpreted as a way of avoiding the problem with Rio, it was also true that she had to face the issue with Satsuki head-on too. If anything, in terms of urgency this was more important. After all, meeting Satsuki wasn’t just something that concerned Miharu; it would affect Aki and Masato greatly in the future too. Rio had prepared such an opportunity for them, so they couldn’t let that go to waste.</p>

      <p>It was their own matter. They couldn’t just leave it to other people, and they couldn’t shove it all at Rio either. Miharu calmed down a little, forcing her miserable feelings into her chest.</p>

      <p>“When I’m watching you, I think to myself that I have to try harder too. Thank you — for listening to my story, and for answering my question.” Latifa’s mouth relaxed into a smile as she thanked Miharu, glad that she had been able to have a frank conversation.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t think this current state can continue, either,</em> Latifa thought from deep inside her heart, though she couldn’t explain it logically. Now that she knew Miharu’s feelings were inclined towards Rio, she knew the problem between Rio and Miharu had to be solved before she could proudly face Rio herself. She couldn’t give Rio her all before that.</p>

      <p>“Umm, is that all you wanted to ask of me?” Miharu asked nervously.</p>

      <p>Latifa glanced at the entrance and smiled sadly. “Yup. I know what your feelings are now. Like I said at the beginning, you can’t tell anyone about what I told you, okay? Especially not Onii-chan.”</p>

      <p>“Yup, I promise,” Miharu agreed, returning the smile gently.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, then,” Latifa said in a slightly louder voice, turning towards the door. It creaked slightly, moving faintly as though a wind had blown. On the other side was —</p>

      <p><em>...Miharu. Is that true?</em></p>

      <p>It was Aki. She had been searching for Miharu to discuss things with her when she found the two of them conversing outside the house and ended up eavesdropping. Aki ran into the house to avoid being caught.</p>

      <p>“What’s the matter, Aki?” Upon running into the living room, Aki encountered Sara, whose eyes widened slightly.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no, I was just walking a little, thinking it might help process my thoughts, or something...” Aki said, making up an excuse on the spot.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I know that feeling. Sitting still doesn’t suit me either,” Sara agreed with a giggle. Just then, Miharu and Latifa came back inside.</p>

      <p>“We’re back!” The moment Latifa entered the living room, she greeted Aki energetically.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back. Wait, where did you go? What about Rio?”</p>

      <p>“We were talking just outside of the house. Onii-chan went for a short walk outside. He said he was going to say hi to the neighbors. I’m sure he’ll be back soon.” Latifa answered Sara’s question in her usual tone.</p>

      <p>“I see. Let’s have lunch as soon as Rio’s back, then. All the preparations are done.”</p>

      <p>Latifa’s nose twitched as she sniffed, then she smiled with a giggle. “Yup! You made all kinds of food today. It smells great. The smell reached all the way outside the house, so I’m starving.”</p>

      <p>“It... smelled? I could only tell once we got inside...” Miharu’s eyes widened in wonder.</p>

      <p>“That’s because I’m a werefox! I’m super sensitive to smell.” Latifa puffed her chest up proudly.</p>

      <p>“I see.” Miharu giggled in amusement. Latifa looked at Aki, who was standing still somewhat awkwardly, and called out to her gently in worry.</p>

      <p>“Aki, are you okay? You don’t look too well...”</p>

      <p>“N-No, I’m fine. There’s nothing wrong at all.” Aki shook her head awkwardly, her voice high-pitched.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Shortly after that, Rio returned, and it was soon time for lunch. The dining table was packed with the feast that Orphia, Sara, and Alma had prepared, but the atmosphere in the room was a bit awkward. There were conversations happening, but it wasn’t as lively as it usually was.</p>

      <p>Aki, Masato, and Miharu in particular had stiff expressions on their faces. The reason being, of course, was what Rio had outlined upon his return. Even the normally-boisterous Masato was thinking seriously about what their plan of action needed to be.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Rio,” Orphia suddenly said.</p>

      <p>“Yes?” Rio replied immediately, looking at her.</p>

      <p>“What kind of person is the noble that’s bringing you to the banquet?”</p>

      <p>While they may not be directly involved, it was still a person that Miharu and the others would be relying on. She figured it wouldn’t hurt to learn more about what kind of person they were.</p>

      <p>With that, everyone’s attention gathered on Rio.</p>

      <p>“Let’s see... As I said to the head elders before, she’s intelligent with a strong sense of duty. She was placed in charge of the city at a young age, and also operates a huge organization that she established herself. I believe no one is more befitting of being called ‘talented’ than her,” Rio explained.</p>

      <p>“She’s a woman? I had assumed it would be a man...” Orphia blinked in surprise. The others also seemed to have the preconceived notion that the noble was a man, so they were all slightly taken aback.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I believe she’s around Orphia’s age,” Rio confirmed calmly.</p>

      <p>“The same as me?” Orphia murmured in awe.</p>

      <p>“Haruto, is that person possibly Amande’s...” Miharu suddenly said. It seemed like she had someone in mind.</p>

      <p>“Yes. She’s the governor of Amande and the president of the Ricca Guild too,” Rio confirmed.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Wasn’t the Ricca Guild the place that sold the underwe... the swimsuits that we were trying to reproduce?” Orphia nearly said underwear, but corrected herself to swimsuit. The village was currently manufacturing experimental modern underwear and swimsuits based on what Miharu and the others brought to the village. Since there was an overwhelming number of opportunities to use underwear, Orphia had said underwear by reflex, but she apparently thought that word was a little embarrassing to say in front of Rio.</p>

      <p>“Yup. Amande was a nearby city back when we lived in the Strahl region...” Miharu nodded, thinking hard. She knew that the Ricca Guild sold a lot of items that resembled modern Japanese products, so it was possible that the president, Liselotte, could also have been reincarnated like Rio...</p>

      <p>Which meant Rio might have shared information about his previous life with Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“You said that you saved Liselotte during some predicament, but what happened?” Alma asked out of curiosity.</p>

      <p>“It’s a long story, but to summarize: there was a large-scale monster attack on Amande, and I cooperated with the extermination efforts,” Rio answered broadly.</p>

      <p>“Did everything work out okay?” Miharu asked worriedly. She had never imagined such a thing would occur after they left Amande.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I wouldn’t be here otherwise. Just to be safe, I had Aishia wait in a location away from Amande,” Rio replied with a smile.</p>

      <p>“We don’t get monsters in this village, so it’s a little hard to imagine, but if Rio says it was large scale then there must have been an exceptional number of them,” Alma muttered.</p>

      <p>Monsters seemed to live in areas close to human civilization, so there were barely any that took up residence in the Wilderness. Instead, all kinds of savage creatures ran rampant. She knew well how they could be threatening when they ganged up.</p>

      <p>In the meantime, Sara’s interest as a warrior was piqued. “Could you tell us what battling monsters was like, if you don’t mind?”</p>

      <p>Perhaps it was also because they were gathered for a meal where they were more taciturn than normal that she thought it was a good topic to go with.</p>

      <p>Latifa raised her hand. “Ah! I want to hear about the circumstances under which Onii-chan and his teacher Celia lived together instead!” It was something that had bothered her ever since Rio returned to the village and casually mentioned they were cohabiting. Now that everyone was gathered together, she figured this was the perfect time to ask.</p>

      <p>“Geez, Latifa, don’t interrupt other people while they’re speaking... Wait, living together! You’re right! Was it true you were living together?!” Sara tried to object to Latifa in exasperation when the topic of Rio cohabitating with Celia came up and she flipped sides instantly, her expression changing.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes. This is also a long story, but...” Rio was a little surprised, but he replied with a wince.</p>

      <p>“How curious indeed, Sara,” Alma said with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no, that’s not...” As Sara had shown an excessive reaction already, she mumbled her words while blushing deeply. Orphia giggled as she watched Sara act in such a way.</p>

      <p>“Hey hey, is she your local mistress, Onii-chan?” Latifa suddenly asked.</p>

      <p>At that, the spirit folk looked surprised and coughed.</p>

      <p>“...She’s not. Where did you learn such a word?” Rio must have felt a headache coming on, as he was pressing his head with his hand lightly.</p>

      <p>“From Dominic,” Latifa revealed honestly.</p>

      <p>“Got it. I’ll have a word with him the next time I see him,” Rio said with a sigh. He figured there was a need to emphasize not teaching Latifa strange things like that...</p>

      <p>“Good grief, that old man... I shall scold him too. I’m sorry about him.” Alma felt ashamed of her own family and apologized to Rio with a dejected slump in her shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Say, Onii-chan. How did you end up living together? She’s a noble lady, isn’t she?” Latifa was still curious and pouted her lips as she pressed Rio to talk. Sara and the other girls also seemed interested, staring at Rio closely.</p>

      <p>“All right, I’ll tell you,” Rio nodded with a strained smile, explaining the series of events that led to Celia’s rescue.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Later that night, Miharu called Aki and Masato to her room. The three of them sat in chairs around a small table.</p>

      <p>“Have the two of you settled on your thoughts about the situation?” Miharu asked, immediately getting straight to business.</p>

      <p>“...Yup,” Aki nodded.</p>

      <p>“I’m still in the middle of thinking, but I want to hear your opinions too,” Masato said, scratching his head roughly.</p>

      <p>“I see. Then let’s talk about it. Aki, could you start by telling us your thoughts?” Miharu asked.</p>

      <p>“I... I want to return to Strahl. If there’s a chance that my brother is there and there’s a possibility that I can meet him... Then I want to attend the banquet,” Aki said seriously.</p>

      <p>Miharu nodded. “I see... Then what about you, Masato?”</p>

      <p>“The main issue stopping me is the possibility that we won’t be able to return here. Being with Haruto might mean he can teach me swordcraft, but... My first goal was to win once against Arslan...” Masato said, pondering to himself. “But we have to meet with Satsuki and my bro at some point, I guess. Well, it doesn’t feel great knowing we’ll be a burden, but I do want to go see them,” he added.</p>

      <p>“Will we really be unable to return to this village? With my brother and Satsuki,” Aki muttered.</p>

      <p>“Didn’t they say that the king wouldn’t approve of that? At the very least, Satsuki’s affiliated with the Galarc Kingdom now,” Masato repeated Rio’s words from earlier, stating the predicted outcome.</p>

      <p>“But we don’t know how my brother and Satsuki feel about that.”</p>

      <p>“That may be true, but isn’t that why we have to meet them to find out? Bro and Satsuki could have made close friends within the kingdom already, you know?” Whether they could or could not leave the kingdom aside, there was a possibility that they didn’t want to leave.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I’m saying we should go see them and ask them directly. We also have to talk about whether we can return to Earth or not. That’s our problem, right?” Rather than have Rio act as an agent, there were things that could only be conveyed by the people involved.</p>

      <p>“Mmgh, I see... But even supposing that Bro and Satsuki wanted to come to this village, and that we can return here too, are we even allowed to bring them along? Isn’t this place meant to be a secret? We made a promise.”</p>

      <p>“That would... require consulting Rio and the elders...” Aki trailed off towards the end. She seemed to feel as though they had caused enough trouble for Rio and the village, so she had an uncomfortable look on her face.</p>

      <p>Masato raised his hands in a gesture of surrender and looked to Miharu. “Mm... it’s no good. I still have no idea what to do at all. What do you think, Miharu?”</p>

      <p>Aki’s gaze followed him to Miharu too. Miharu had been listening to the two of them talk in contemplative silence the entire time. “...I can understand both of your concerns. On top of all that, I want to follow Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“Me too!” Aki chimed in.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Aki. Let me continue.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay...” Aki was taken aback and nodded uncomfortably.</p>

      <p>“Like Aki said, this is our problem. That’s why it isn’t something we should leave completely up to Haruto... It would be preferable to meet up directly and discuss things. Isn’t that right?”</p>

      <p>“...Yeah,” Aki agreed fearfully.</p>

      <p>“But, like Masato said, we’d most likely be burdens and get in the way. That’s why... This isn’t exactly a compromise, but I’m thinking I should represent the two of you and attend the night banquet with Haruto,” Miharu said.</p>

      <p>“Then what about us...?” Aki asked worriedly.</p>

      <p>“You’d stay back here at the village. If you insist, we can ask if you can come along to Strahl, but I’ll be the only one to attend the night banquet. I want you to wait with Ai-chan somewhere safe near the castle,” Miharu said, peering at Aki’s face.</p>

      <p>“But that’s... That means that even if Masato and I follow you to Strahl, there’s a chance we won’t get to see Satsuki at all, doesn’t it?” Aki asked, looking terribly frustrated.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah. Haruto said he would try bringing Satsuki out of the castle if possible, but that doesn’t guarantee that he will, just that the possibility is there. Of course, I’ll try discussing it with Satsuki too to see if we can get the two of you inside the castle, but that’s not guaranteed either,” Miharu explained to Aki honestly. “Do you still want to go to Strahl regardless of that, Aki?”</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Aki was unable to respond straight away, a tearful expression on her face.</p>

      <p>“What about you, Masato?” Miharu continued.</p>

      <p>“I...” Masato hesitated with a sour expression.</p>

      <p>“We don’t know what kind of position we’ll be placed in at the castle, so having the three of us present would be an even greater burden on Haruto, don’t you think? That’s why I want you to let me talk to Satsuki alone first.” That way, even if Miharu became unable to move in the castle, Aki and Masato could return to the village.</p>

      <p>“...Miharu, you...” Aki suddenly raised her head, trying to say something with a look of deep thought.</p>

      <p>“What is it, Aki?” Miharu looked back at Aki, listening in earnest.</p>

      <p>“Miharu, you... Haruto...”</p>

      <p><em>Do you like Haruto? Is it because you’ve overlapped Haruto with that man so much? Is that why you want to be beside Haruto?</em></p>

      <p>That’s what Aki wanted to ask, but the words got stuck in her throat and her mouth wouldn’t move. Instead, a very sulky expression fell across her face and she pouted with tears in her eyes.</p>

      <p>“...Say, Aki. I know you might find it hard to rely on me, but I’m your big sister too. We’re not related by blood, but I’ve grown up with you this whole time, so I believe we are. That’s why... If you think of me in the same way, could you leave this to me just this once?” Miharu asked with a troubled face. Aki bit her lip in frustration and suddenly stood up.</p>

      <p>“...All right.” She hugged Miharu, burying her face into Miharu’s chest.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Aki. I’m sorry.” Miharu smiled gently and patted Aki’s back to comfort her.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. But I still want to go to Strahl. Even if I can’t see Satsuki or my brother this time, I want to be beside you.” Aki shook her head and tightened her hold around Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Aki...” Naturally, Miharu hugged Aki back tighter too.</p>

      <p>“...Umm, are the two of you forgetting me?” Masato seemed to feel uncomfortable at being forced to watch the display of their sisterly love, as he reinforced his presence with embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“What? You were here?” Aki said to Masato, her eyes slightly puffy with tears.</p>

      <p>“Uh, yeah, I was. From the very beginning,” Masato stressed.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... So? What, do you want to be hugged by Miharu too? Gross. What a pervert.” Aki shot Masato an unamused look, trying to hide her embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Wha— No, that’s not it! I wasn’t thinking anything about how jealous I was or how soft they must be!” Masato denied with a red face.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>