<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 13</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Using such large-scale attacks creates more blind spots, so you shouldn’t fire them in succession. Your opponent will start to remember the move and learn to deal with it, which could end up being used against you,” Rio whispered indifferently into Hiroaki’s ear.</p>

      <p>“D-Did you make the wind at the end?”</p>

      <p>If so, just how experienced in battle was he? Hiroaki clenched his teeth with a look of disgrace. The water droplets blown by that wind were what had obstructed his vision.</p>

      <p>No matter how he looked at it, this was a decisive loss for him. And yet, his heart was refusing to accept such a thing. He had often watched movies where weapons were thrust from behind and imagined himself being able to handle it easily, but reality was cruel.</p>

      <p>He knew Rio wouldn’t kill him, but he couldn’t think of any way to overturn this situation. Even if his heart refused to lose, his body had accepted his defeat.</p>

      <p>Anger and frustration suddenly welled up in him until his mind was a confused mess. He wanted nothing more than to throw a tantrum, but the blade pressed against his neck wouldn’t allow it.</p>

      <p>“You half-assed bastard!” he cursed instead.</p>

      <p>“Half-assed...?” Rio cocked his head, unsure of the meaning of the words.</p>

      <p>“It’s what we call jerks like you who fight without giving it their all! Holding back their powers and going easy on their opponent for no reason! Fight with all your strength from the start!” Hiroaki explained. He had fallen to the level of a snappy child.</p>

      <p>“There’s no telling what trump cards the opponent may be hiding, and there could be traps too... I don’t think revealing your hand from the start can be considered wise...” Rio said with mild confusion. There was meaning to his actions. Of course, it varied depending on the time and place, but it was generally a risk to show off one’s abilities unthinkingly before evaluating your opponent’s strength. The more of his hand he revealed, the more he could be analyzed and countered. Thus, Rio generally fought by only revealing the hands he didn’t mind revealing.</p>

      <p>The only times he would go easy on his opponent would be when he was aware of all the cards in the opponent’s hand from the start <em>and</em> when he was fighting without a particular goal.</p>

      <p>Rio’s goal this time was to ascertain the potential strength of the Divine Arms in the unlikely event that he would have to battle a hero in the future. In order to do that, he needed Hiroaki to bring out everything he had, so he had dragged the battle on until this point.</p>

      <p><em>Well, it makes sense he would think that way of me.</em></p>

      <p>Hiroaki didn’t know Rio’s objective, so none of that mattered to him. Rio wasn’t about to argue that point in particular either. Arguing would be pointless.</p>

      <p><em>Now, Aria should be on her way soon...</em></p>

      <p>Rio turned his gaze to where Celia and the others were spectating over the match.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, a few moments later...</p>

      <p>“H-Hey. Isn’t that water dragon the hero launched kind of heading this way?” Celia pointed in the direction of the battlefield and asked the spirit folk girls beside her. The two water dragons Hiroaki had failed to attack Rio with were soaring unsteadily towards where the spectators were. At this rate, it was possible they would land near them.</p>

      <p>“The shock of his defeat may have made him lose control over the spell,” Alma said tiredly. Losing control over a phenomenon you activated yourself was something a child would do back at the village. The result could be very dangerous depending on the spell, so the children that messed up would always be scolded, though to an appropriate degree.</p>

      <p>“Orphia, can you intercept that?” Sara asked Orphia, who was standing beside her.</p>

      <p>“Yup,” Orphia nodded, holding her bow ready and stepping forward.</p>

      <p><em>First one...</em></p>

      <p>She poured magic essence into her bow and formed arrows of light, taking her aim.</p>

      <p><em>That’s... Rio...</em></p>

      <p>She spotted Rio leaving the battlefield for the mock battle, running their way. Rio had also spotted Orphia with her bow held at the ready.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll leave one to Rio,</em> Orphia decided, taking aim on the water dragon she would shoot down.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Rio had spotted the rampaging water dragon a few moments ago.</p>

      <p>“Sir Hiroaki, please regain control over that immediately,” he said, pointing to the water dragon moving wildly about.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Hiroaki was in a sulking mood and was refusing to listen to Rio; he could only give a dull reply. With that, Rio gave up on relying on Hiroaki. He couldn’t waste a single second—it’d be faster to solve things himself than rely on him.</p>

      <p>Abandoning Hiroaki where he was, Rio started running at a speed several times faster than he’d been during their battle. He immediately activated his wind spirit arts to accelerate to his fastest speed.</p>

      <p>He spotted Orphia with her bow ready to intercept the water dragons—their eyes met. Based on the movement of her eyes and the faintest angle of her bow, Rio instantly deduced which water dragon she was aiming for and set his eyes on the other. The sword in his hand was already wrapped in a tremendous amount of magic essence, containing a compressed storm of wind.</p>

      <p>Orphia fired an arrow of light from her bow. The outer appearance of the attack suggested a force far exceeding the <em>Magicae Displodo</em> Aria used to signal the start of the mock battle. Celia and the others could tell at a glance that it contained the equivalent force of an advanced magic spell.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Rio had come to a sudden stop before condensing the windstorm surrounding his sword to a point, firing it like a bullet of essence. The blast of light and blast of wind passed each other mid-air, and the water dragons Hiroaki had lost control over exploded dramatically, turning into a mere spray of water.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Christina, Liselotte, and the other spectators watched that scene with wide eyes. At the same time, Hiroaki finally noticed the mess that his lapse of control had created.</p>

      <p>“Whew...” Rio sighed in relief.</p>

      <p>Thus concluded his mock battle with Hiroaki.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>