<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—EIGHTY-SIX, Vol. 8: Gun Smoke on the Water</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:964766bf-09ef-42cb-8b5c-46c343083f50" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter018">
<p>But the squadron’s vice captain, Shana, wasn’t among them. Her unit, Melusine, was currently at the top floor of the Spire, Carla Three. She was sniping down the antiair guns. This was originally Gunslinger’s role, but she was too confused to move right now.</p>
<p>…He couldn’t blame her. Kurena and Theo had succumbed to tunnel vision. Lena was functioning right now, but at the moment Shin fell, she was in a clear state of panic, and Raiden himself was shaken up. He could clearly tell.</p>
<p>After all, he couldn’t hear it anymore.</p>
<p>After all this time, the irritating screaming of the ghosts was like constant background noise. And most prominent of all were the strange voices of the Noctiluca. For years, that red-eyed Reaper had led them…</p>
<p><em>…You stupid dumbass.</em></p>
<p>And he was that stupid dumbass’s unfortunate vice captain. Raiden narrowed his reddish-black eyes. Filling the blank left in Shin’s absence fell on him.</p>
<p class="space-break2">The Juggernauts repeatedly fired from the Mirage Spire in an attempt to whittle down the antiaircraft and rapid-fire guns, with some of their units going so far as to board the Noctiluca. Meanwhile, the Orphan Fleet’s bombardment was gradually damaging the rapid-fire guns as well.</p>
<p>However, the only things capable of destroying the control core from close-range would have to be large-caliber guns. The fleet couldn’t afford to let any more ships sink, so they had to keep enough distance to avoid any shells launched their way. They kept changing their course so as to avoid being aimed at while they fired.</p>
<p>Even still, they fired until their guns were on the verge of overheating, and they were running low on the shells they’d insisted on bringing in large numbers in anticipation of battle with the Morpho. They’d opted out of bringing torpedoes—which, ironically enough, would have been <a id="page-218"></a>extremely effective against the Noctiluca—to add more shells, and they were still running low.</p>
<p class="space-break1">The two slower vessels and the rescue crafts finally caught up to the rest of the fleet. They’d picked up a few scant survivors from the Denebola and, through them, found out that the homeland communicated they’d be sending a reinforcement fleet.</p>
<p>The Noctiluca didn’t get away from the battle unscathed, either. The liquid metal inside one of its 800 mm railguns’ spear-like turrets—the part that formed the electromagnetic field—was being blown off by the recoil of the bombardment.</p>
<p>The barrel was wearing down.</p>
<p>Silver slag dripped from the railgun like burning snow, sinking into the boundless expanse of the sea. And it seemed that even though the force that had boarded it was smaller than a squadron, the Noctiluca had concluded it couldn’t very well let them move about freely. It had recalled several of the Phönix it had dispatched to the Mirage Spire.</p>
<p>As obvious a decision as it was, Theo couldn’t help but click his tongue. How much longer would this thing be a thorn in their side? All the Juggernauts that boarded the Noctiluca were vanguard units equipped with 88 mm turrets. It was because they were the type of Eighty-Six who were adept at high-mobility combat that they could make that jump with such scant footing. But this also meant they were equipped with the worst possible configuration for facing the Phönix.</p>
<p>The artillery unit under Lena’s command was offering them covering fire, and the Juggernauts firing from atop the Mirage Spire were using anti-light-armor buckshot. The help was very welcome and served to blow away the liquid armor the Phönix had, while also stalling them.</p>
<p>The smoke and flames of the bombardment cleared away, and another newly returned Phönix hopped to the top of the railgun’s turret. Laughing Fox’s optical screen switched targets as it jumped down to face this enemy.</p>
<p><a id="page-219"></a>“…!”</p>
<p>Theo had only just now noticed its presence. The proximity alert blared. He couldn’t hear the mechanical ghost’s wailing. He couldn’t tell where they were hiding. Because Shin wasn’t there. Until now, he could always hear where the Legion were hiding, and even if he didn’t, the fact that he shared Shin’s ability through the Resonance meant he could always tell how many enemies were in the vicinity.</p>
<p>But now Shin wasn’t there. How many years had it been since Theo stood on the battlefield without him? Theo realized now, too late into the game, that he couldn’t remember how he’d fought before that.</p>
<p>He’d been relying on him for that long.</p>
<p>He hopped away, straining his rig to its full capacity. As the Phönix landed with a crash, Theo aimed the heavy machine guns on Laughing Fox’s grappling arms and fired at it. But exhibiting the unnatural reaction speeds unique to these murder machines, the Phönix nimbly jumped away and escaped his line of fire, landing among a group of menacing, silver shadows.</p>
<p>And lying at their feet was…</p>
<p class="space-break1">…a single high-frequency blade.</p>
<p class="space-break1">“Is that…?”</p>
<p><em>That’s Undertaker’s</em><em>…!</em></p>
<p>When it clashed with the Phönix, he’d stabbed into it with this blade, and it likely snapped off then. In the entirety of the Strike Package, Shin was the only one to equip high-frequency blades to his grappling arms. In a battlefield where heavy machine guns and tank turrets with several kilometers in range reigned supreme, only very few chose to use melee weapons in the Eighty-Sixth Sector.</p>
<p>And by now their headless reaper was the only one who still did.</p>
<p>The Phönix stepped over the blade. With Shin and Undertaker having crashed into the ocean, this could very well have been the last remaining splinter of his unit. And those heartless murder machines were about to ruthlessly and impassively walk all over it.</p>
<p><a id="page-220"></a>At that moment, the emotion that flared up in Theo couldn’t be called anger. It was resolve and determination.</p>
<p>“…!”</p>
<p>Swiveling his 88 mm turret, he began firing rapidly. The Phönix jumped away to dodge, and he chased them away with further bombardment, reaching the spot they stood on. He was now in the middle of this pack of silver beasts.</p>
<p>But that was fine.</p>
<p>“—Fido!”</p>
<p>Switching his external speaker on, he shouted. The loyal Scavenger going about its work diligently at the bottom of the Spire, while still clearly worried for Shin’s fate, turned around. It immediately responded to his call, rolling over to the edge of the Spire, and Theo moved quickly, kicking the blade over to it.</p>
<p>His call was perhaps too vague to count as an order for a Scavenger, but Fido seemed to have understood just the same. It stood still for a second, then moved over to the blade’s estimated landing point. Earnestly keeping a track on is falling trajectory with its optical sensor, it caught it with the container on its back.</p>
<p>“Keep it safe! Bring it back no matter what!”</p>
<p>Fido’s optical sensor swerved up and down, as if nodding, just as Theo noticed a flock of enemies approaching him. He’d always relied on Shin. Always depended on him and his ability to hear the Legion’s screams and pinpoint their positions.</p>
<p>He who’d remembered all the comrades who died before him and promised he’d carry their memories in his heart to the final moment. Who always shouldered the role of a vanguard, who cut through enemy lines and obstructed their advance.</p>
<p>And most importantly, he who also ran through showers of bullets and locked blades with the enemy in melee combat, even as he was constantly exposed to their deafening screams. All to defend his comrades.</p>
<p>This was the only thing Theo could do to inherit his will.</p>
<p>As he stood surrounded by the metal monstrosities, he saw a few of <a id="page-221"></a>them move in to block his avenues of escape. He still made an effort to keep his voice calm.</p>
<p>“Laughing Fox to all units. I’ll distract the Phönix. I’ll cut into their ranks and keep them occupied. Use that chance to eliminate the target.”</p>
<p><em>I’ll cut that opportunity wide open for you. I’ll inherit that role.</em></p>
<p>Not even bothering to listen to the reactions, he thrust his control sticks forward. Paying no mind to the fact that he was surrounded, he stepped forward to face the Phönix. He’d charged into their ranks, disrupted their movements, and gathered their lines of fire on himself. By exposing himself to danger, he’d given his allies the opening they’d need.</p>
<p>Just like their Reaper…like Shin always did.</p>
<p class="space-break2">Firing her buckshot cannon to scare them off, Shiden raced through Level Carla as she attempted to cut off the Phönix units’ speedy escape. Lena’s dignified and somewhat ferocious voice reached her through the Resonance.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“All units, load canister shells! Fire!”</strong></span></p>
<p>With a shower of buckshot in the final Phönix’s way, it hopped away to avoid being hit, when—</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“Point E12, standby orders lifted! Fire!”</strong></span></p>
<p>A Juggernaut that lay in wait rose from its hiding spot and unleashed machine-gun fire upon the Phönix. Hearing her commanding voice, Shiden heaved an internal sigh of relief.</p>
<p><em>You pulled yourself together, Lena.</em></p>
<p>Personally, she thought a guy like Shin wasn’t worth losing one’s composure over in the first place. It pissed her off. He had the skill worthy of his title of Reaper and willingly took it upon himself. She could respect that.</p>
<p>But <em>holy shit</em>, was he a rare breed of idiot.</p>
<p>Seriously. After all they’d been through, <em>that’s</em> how he went out?!</p>
<p>“If you actually died there, I’ll chase you down to hell and kill you all over again, Lady-Killer.”</p>
<p class="space-break2"><a id="page-222"></a>With all the Phönix atop the Mirage Spire eliminated, the Juggernauts resumed their assistance in the firefight against the Noctiluca. Having received this report, Lena took a long, sharp breath. The battle wasn’t over yet. The Noctiluca was still at large.</p>
<p class="space-break2">Despite six years of experience on the battlefield, Theo wasn’t familiar with engaging the Legion in melee combat. Especially not when it came to opponents like the Phönix. The stress levels were higher than in any other battle he’d been in before.</p>
<p>Another Phönix lunged at him. He’d lost count of how many there were. The moment they intersected, he loosed a barrage of heavy-machine-gun fire like the swinging of a blade. It wasn’t enough to take it down. Laughing Fox jumped over the armored deck, dragging its feet as it sprinted away.</p>
<p>Theo was surrounded by enemies. The moment he stopped, they would catch up to him. And if that happened, death was guaranteed. He’d always thought he was used to mortal peril, but now he felt it more vividly than ever. Fighting in such close quarters, it breathed down his neck, coiling around him and refusing to let go.</p>
<p>His survival instinct, that most primal of impulses, was screaming at him. <em>I don’t want to die.</em> His every sense, every bit of his consciousness was strained, forming a tightly knit, sharp strand of focus and concentration.</p>
<p>Yes, he did not want to die. His mind rejected death with all its might. He couldn’t afford to fall here. Because dying here wouldn’t match Shin’s death. It wasn’t a death he could call just or satisfying. Shin would have perished for naught.</p>
<p>There was no one there to redeem the captain. The way Theo was now, he hadn’t done anything to repay his sacrifice.</p>
<p><em>…That’s not good enough. I can’t accept that.</em></p>
<p>Enemy fire was upon him. Paying no heed to their overheating <a id="page-223"></a>barrels, the antiaircraft guns began shooting at Laughing Fox. But in the next moment, missiles launched by a Juggernaut burst above the guns, unleashing a spray of armor-piercing buckshot.</p>
<p>This world might be rife with malice, but admitting that was just how things were was nothing more than submitting and resigning himself to that ill will. It would be admitting he was nothing more than someone who deserved to be stolen from. Someone who could gain nothing, whose role in life was to be walked on.</p>
<p>It would be admitting that he, and his comrades, and the Open Sea clans, and Shin, and the captain all deserved to die—to be robbed of their pride. And he didn’t want that. He wouldn’t admit it. Never.</p>
<p>With the Noctiluca’s bow secured by the other Juggernauts, wire anchors shot forth from the cover of the Spire’s scaffolding. Two anchors latched on to the deck, and new Juggernauts boarded the ship, kicking against the ground as they landed.</p>
<p>Raiden’s Wehrwolf, Anju’s Snow Witch, and Dustin’s Sagittarius. Apparently, a few of the rescue ships towed some of the beams that had fallen from the Noctiluca’s missed shot, holding them up along the wall. A handful of the panels happened to not fall, allowing for the beams to form a foothold for the other units to board the ship.</p>
<p>The footing fell down into the water after it repeatedly had to support a weight of over ten tonnes. The rescue boats hurriedly let go of the beams and moved away, so as to not be dragged down with them.</p>
<p>The moment it landed, Snow Witch unleashed a barrage of rockets from its launcher. Wehrwolf fired as well. The unleashed armor-piercing buckshot and autocannon fire mowed through the air, forcing the units closing in on Laughing Fox to scatter.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“I’m sorry we took so long, Theo,”</strong></span> Anju called out.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“Leave the rest of the Phönix to us… And don’t pull any more crazy stunts. You don’t have to imitate that part of him, too.”</strong></span></p>
<p>“…Right.”</p>
<p>His breathing was still ragged. Theo inhaled heavily. As the rain of steel flew through the air, he looked up at the two railguns.</p>
<p>He was reminded of the words he heard before the battle started.</p>
<p><a id="page-224"></a><em>So long as you live, you can find it.</em></p>
<p>That had to have been a lie. Ishmael might not have meant to lie when he said it, but it was a lie all the same. And even if it wasn’t, it definitely wasn’t the truth.</p>
<p>To live on, one had to find something to give them purpose. Even if they’d lost it, they had to find the one thing to give them shape. Even after it was taken from them, they had to push forward if they intended to survive. Otherwise, they would be defeated. They’d die and have it taken from them.</p>
<p>One had to find it. No matter what was taken from them or how many times they had been deprived. They had to keep their head up, even if that meant lying to themselves.</p>
<p><em>I don’t want to live life ashamed of who I am.</em></p>
<p><em>Isn’t that right, Shin? I don’t want to be ashamed, either. Not of myself, nor of you or the captain. I’ll avenge you two, so I don’t have to live in shame…</em></p>
<p class="space-break2">A maintenance machine discovered and disposed of the last Sirin that remained of the force that’d infiltrated the Noctiluca’s interior.</p>
<p>“Tch…” Vika couldn’t help but click his teeth in annoyance.</p>
<p>He’d been able to narrow down the control core’s position, but it still wasn’t clear. It felt like he was so close to pulling it off, but now that he didn’t have any means of gathering intel, he couldn’t hope to produce a perfect result.</p>
<p>To begin with, the Stella Maris was running short on shells. He connected to the integrated bridge through the Para-RAID and parted his lips to speak.</p>
<p>“Milizé, Captain, I’ll send you my current estimate of the control core’s position. I narrowed it down to three possible spots, but I can’t investigate any more than that. I’m sorry that all I can send are incomplete results, but…”</p>
<p>Large-caliber cannons meant for naval battles had a longer range <a id="page-225"></a>than a tank turret. Gadyuka’s 120 mm cannon wasn’t quite good enough for the task, either. But based on how close it was to the target, it might prove useful.</p>
<p>Vika spoke, sending the data with one hand and punching in commands for combat maneuvers with the other…</p>
<p>…but his hand stopped as, out of the corner of his eye, he saw a flash of steel-blue at the end of the hangar.</p>
<p class="space-break2">The bombardment from the Mirage Spire blew away the final antiaircraft gun. The last remaining Phönix on the Noctiluca was pushed off the deck, as if in an act of vengeance for what it did to Shin. As those reports were shouted through the radio, the Benetnasch’s final shot intersected with the 800 mm cannon’s trajectory.</p>
<p>A 40 cm shell shed its outer layer above the Noctiluca, scattering bombs that fell over the last remaining couple of 155 mm rapid-fire guns on the portside and exploded. As it happened, the 800 mm shell gouged into the Benetnasch’s hull. Its stern was torn off with almost comical ease. The propellers were damaged as well, making it rapidly lose speed and stop in place.</p>
<p>The Benetnasch was stranded in place.</p>
<p>As he watched it happen over the screen, Ishmael parted his lips. With this, the Noctiluca’s armaments were reduced to five rapid-fire guns, which were fixed on the starboard—the opposite direction of them. And of course, there were the most menacing weapons of all, the two main turrets.</p>
<p>But despite that, the Benetnasch was rendered immobile, and both of the Basilicus’s main guns were damaged. The Stella Maris was running out of shells as well, with only its spare ammo depot remaining in its arsenal. Should they deplete that, Ishmael was willing to sink the enemy by ramming them if need be. But before it came to that…</p>
<p>“We’re preparing to fire the anti-leviathan gun. Captain Milizé.”</p>
<p><a id="page-226"></a>The girl focused on commanding the Juggernauts turned to face him.</p>
<p>“Take your troops and prepare to evacuate the ship. The rescue boats will collect you, so use them to go back. That applies to the Eighty-Six inside the Spire, too. The rescue boats should sidle up to the bottom of the base. You’ll have to abandon the Reginleifs, but they have room for the kids.”</p>
<p>The generals who planned this operation insisted on attaching two more rescue boats for that explicit purpose. So that in the worst-case scenario, where the Stella Maris was rendered immobile, the child soldiers would still be returned home.</p>
<p>“The Strike Package has completed its objectives. You took control of the enemy base and eliminated the Morpho. So you’ve done enough. You don’t have to take part in the Fleet Countries’ and the Orphan Fleet’s war any longer.”</p>
<p>But Lena shook her head firmly.</p>
<p>“No.”</p>
<p>This was Ishmael’s responsibility, resolve, and sense of pride. But the Eighty-Six had their own pride to adhere to in this situation, and as their queen, she had a responsibility to see it through.</p>
<p>“Leaving you behind and running away would leave a bad taste in their mouths. And it would wound my pride, too. So long as they continue to fight, I have to stay on the same battlefield as them. I won’t make preparations to flee.”</p>
<p>An elevator ferried a patrol helicopter on the Benetnasch’s tilted top deck. They revved up the helicopter’s engine until they achieved liftoff, though their ascent was a wobbly one. That was because they’d attached cannon shells to parts without pylons, making the helicopter exceed its normal weight capacity. It was clear with a glance that it was armed to self-destruct, effectively made into a missile that would plummet toward the Noctiluca.</p>
<p>With that sight as their backdrop, the two sovereigns glared at each other. The final leader of the clans that fought monsters across the merciless seas, and the queen leading the Eighty-Six who survived the horrors of the Eighty-Sixth Sector.</p>
<p><a id="page-227"></a>“…If things get too dicey, I’ll exert my captain’s authority to have you evacuate. All right?”</p>
<p>The helicopter’s suicidal charge was right in front of the Noctiluca. They could see the starboard’s rapid-fire guns revolving to shoot it and how it was gunned down before it could achieve its task.</p>
<p class="space-break2">The helicopter crashed down, reduced to a lump of metal that didn’t even resemble its original shape. The shells it carried caught fire and exploded. In the blink of an eye, the ocean was lit ablaze.</p>
<p>The long-distance cruiser ran on nuclear power, but the patrol helicopters it carried ran on gas turbine engines. The ships had jet fuel for refueling purposes, which leaked from the Benetnasch and the Denebola, spreading over the water’s surface. Vaporized fuel caught fire. Red flames slithered across the sea’s surface.</p>
<p>The blue battlefield of the open sea was dyed red.</p>
<p class="space-break2">Lit up by those flames, the Noctiluca continued firing at the Denebola, which kept it fixed in place. Its shelling finally hit the ship’s engine room. The 155 mm rapid-fire guns’ insistent shelling tore through much of the hull, exposing its interiors and stabbing into the inner mechanisms of the ship.</p>
<p>None of the ship’s operators survived. The Denebola was effectively a dead, ravaged shell, only just barely moved by its engine. Finally, its propellers ground to a halt. Still, the anchoring ropes insistently clung to the Noctiluca. It was as if the hands of the sunken crew’s ghosts persisted on keeping it fixed in place.</p>
<p>The Noctiluca pushed forward as if trying to shake it off, turning around as it moved. Most of the anchoring ropes were torn away, but some of them remained intact, resulting in the Noctiluca towing the ship’s wreckage as it moved.</p>
<p>The Noctiluca’s engines roared like cannons as its optical sensors turned to the enemy flagship—the Stella Maris.</p>
<p class="space-break2"><a id="page-228"></a>The massive ship moved. It changed direction so suddenly that the hull tilted almost to the point of capsizing. As the deck pitched forward so hard that one could clearly see the water below them, Juggernauts and Phönix slipped off the deck and into the water.</p>
<p>“Shit…!”</p>
<p>Raiden reflexively fired an anchor, stopping Wehrwolf in place.</p>
<p><em>Dammit. It’s on the move. We’ve only taken care of the antiaircraft guns and the Phönix, but there are still a few rapid-fire guns.</em></p>
<p>The ship’s bow ran parallel to the Stella Maris, and as it passed it by, it turned its starboard side toward it. Its unharmed main turrets and five remaining guns swerved to aim at the supercarrier. It was the perfect position to unleash its full firepower upon the enemy craft.</p>
<p>Raiden could see the Stella Maris hurriedly turning away in the distance. The two 800 mm turrets swerved to follow it, as if mocking its attempt at an escape.</p>
<p><em>I ain’t letting you do that.</em></p>
<p>Shin had shot down his brother, and with that as the only wish he had granted, he was meant to die without gaining anything else. And yet he lived on, showing them the way by choosing to live alongside another.</p>
<p>While most of the Republic’s citizens perished in the large-scale offensive, the old woman who sheltered him and the priest who took care of Shin survived and were reunited with him.</p>
<p>Salvation and restitution did exist in this world.</p>
<p>It always felt as if they’d been presented with that sliver of hope. But this world proved it could be vicious enough to take it all away after making them foster that expectation. And if that was the case, the last thing Raiden was going to do was freeze up in the face of this calculated, intentional despair.</p>
<p>The ship was so inclined, it was impossible to even have his Juggernaut stand upright. If he did try shooting when he was dangling off the wire anchor, he couldn’t expect his shots to be at all accurate.</p>
<p><a id="page-229"></a>“Guess I gotta shake it up, then… All I have to do is stabilize this thing.”</p>
<p>Armament selection, change.</p>
<p class="space-break2">The sea burned, and as the flaming waves cut into its bow, the Noctiluca turned head. Snow Witch dumped its now-empty missile pad, instead firing its heavy machine guns in rapid barrages. The other Juggernauts on the deck stabilized themselves with wire anchors as well. The deck’s incline had become so steep, Snow Witch’s legs were dangling against the air as Anju stabilized her unit.</p>
<p>She could see one of the Noctiluca’s 800 mm turrets turn, but she didn’t have any armaments capable of attacking it. Heavy machine guns, as devastating a weapon as they were, couldn’t hope to deal any significant damage to such a massive turret.</p>
<p><em>…Lena’s on that ship. And Frederica, too. What do we do</em><em>…?</em></p>
<p>Anju gritted her teeth. It was then that she saw something ahead of her. A piece of metal scaffolding had slipped down the inclined deck and stuck into place, and tangled with it was an Alkonost, now devoid of its Sirin. Alkonosts were equipped with high explosives for self-destruction purposes, so as to prevent the Legion from accessing any classified information within them.</p>
<p>Hanging near her was Sagittarius. They’d formed an impromptu team of two, covering for each other as they swept up the Phönix…and they both ran out of ammunition at the same time.</p>
<p>Snow Witch wasn’t quite close enough to the Alkonost. Sagittarius was closer, but since Dustin had significantly less experience piloting a Reginleif, it wasn’t likely that he’d be able to pull this kind of stunt.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“…Anju.”</strong></span></p>
<p>“I know.”</p>
<p>But they had no other choice.</p>
<p>“But…you’d better not forget.”</p>
<p>He was their vanguard. He always cut ahead, fighting through <a id="page-230"></a>everything in their way, even showing them his way of life and giving them hope. He’d shown the happiness that lay in looking toward the future and wishing for more. Both to her, and to Dustin.</p>
<p>Even if he’d been lost to this battle.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“Of course not. How could I ever?”</strong></span></p>
<p>She could feel Dustin smile through the Resonance.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“I won’t die and leave you behind.”</strong></span></p>
<p class="space-break2">Armament selection, change. Leg-mounted armor-piercing pile drivers. All four, simultaneous triggering.</p>
<p>Fire.</p>
<p>Wehrwolf’s four 57 mm electromagnetic pile drivers thrust into the armored deck, fixing the Reginleif in place. The recoil dislodged the anchors as the wires drew an arc through the air. Raiden then hurriedly returned his armament selection to his main turret. The Reginleif’s 40 mm autocannon was set on its rear gun mount arm, which was capable of rotating, albeit to a limited extent.</p>
<p>He once again squeezed the trigger.</p>
<p>“How do you like…this?!”</p>
<p>Tracing his field of vision, the wavering sights adjusted as the autocannon roared like an animal, unleashing a barrage of shells into the air.</p>
<p class="space-break2">Sagittarius’s leg-mounted pile drivers all fired, fixing his unit in place.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“Now, Anju! Go!”</strong></span></p>
<p>As he did, Snow Witch kicked hard against the inclined deck, launching herself into a jump. Using Sagittarius as a second footing, she jumped farther away, landing on the scaffolding. Sooner than it could bend under Snow Witch’s weight, Anju kicked away the Alkonost with all the force her unit could muster.</p>
<p>“Please! Get there!”</p>
<p>Looking up as in prayer, she fired her dual heavy machine guns.</p>
<p class="space-break2"><a id="page-231"></a>Wehrwolf’s autocannon fire reached near the 800 mm cannon at the ship’s stern, penetrating the liquid metal in charge of forming the electromagnetic field within it. His autocannon might not have been able to destroy the turret itself, but the massive impact of his shots had more than enough power to shatter the liquid metal like a pane of glass.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, on the bow side of the ship, the Alkonost plummeted into the muzzle of the 800 mm cannon. Snow Witch’s machine-gun fire tore through the Alkonost, igniting and triggering the high explosives within it. The explosion it caused traveled at eight thousand meters per second, scattering the liquid metal away.</p>
<p>The next moment, the turret fired an 800 mm shell, its trajectory slightly disturbed by the disrupted electromagnetic field. While the two ships were locked in naval combat at what was effectively point-blank range, the trajectory was diverted by some ten kilometers, resulting in a missed shot.</p>
<p>Both of the railguns’ powerful shots missed the Stella Maris by a wide margin, plummeting into the sea beside them. A massive, almost sweeping tidal wave washed over the Stella Maris’s flight deck. But humankind’s largest battleship, with a displacement of ten thousand tonnes, would not be overturned so easily.</p>
<p>The Juggernauts onboard the flight deck also managed to avoid being swept away by the waves. However, in exchange for their mother ship’s safety…</p>
<p class="space-break2">The recoil of the firing resulted in a heavier strain than the piles could handle, making them come off. The scaffolding creaked under the weight of a ten-tonne Reginleif, rolling away noisily.</p>
<p>Wehrwolf, Snow Witch, and Sagittarius all slipped away from the inclined deck. They all tried firing wire anchors, but none of them made it in time.</p>
<p>Three pillars of water splashed against the Noctiluca’s flank.</p>
<p class="space-break2"><a id="page-232"></a>They were only able to disrupt two destructive shots from the 800 mm cannons. The five autocannons’ fire freely flew toward the Stella Maris. The barrage traveled in a vicious fan formation, ensuring that no matter if the ship moved left or right, it would get hit.</p>
<p>The Stella Maris chose neither. It took a gentle turn, confronting the Noctiluca directly, and in the few seconds before impact, it assumed the position where the least surface area would be hit. The storm may have passed, but the winds were still quite intense, and in an ironic twist, the tidal waves that resulted from the 800 mm shells hit the Stella Maris a second before the 155 mm shells could, further pushing the supercarrier off their trajectory.</p>
<p>Impeded by the intense winds and knocked out of their aim by the waves, the rapid-fire shells that should have hit the Stella Maris’s bow only ended in a point-blank miss, skimming the ship’s broadside and landing in the ocean.</p>
<p>That was where their good luck ran out, though.</p>
<p>“An impact on propellor number two?! It looks to be out of commission!”</p>
<p>As that report reached his ears, Ishmael clicked his tongue.</p>
<p>“The shells hit us underwater. Talk about rotten luck at the very end…”</p>
<p>When a shell entered the water at a certain angle, water resistance could cause it to move in a straight trajectory. One of the shots that skimmed the Stella Maris accidentally kept going in a direct trajectory, hitting the propeller.</p>
<p>Four propellers drove the gigantic vessel forward. The Stella Maris was already slower than the Noctiluca, and with one of them gone, it had suffered a fatal decrease in speed and mobility.</p>
<p class="space-break2">“Raiden?! Anju!”</p>
<p>Feeling Raiden, Anju, and Dustin get disconnected from the <a id="page-233"></a>Resonance, Theo raised his voice in panic. Paying no heed to the Juggernauts that had fallen off its deck, the Noctiluca composedly finished turning its rudder. The vessel gradually returned from its slanted position to a horizontal bearing.</p>
<p>“…!”</p>
<p>This was his chance to attack. After all, the railguns barely had any defenses left. The Stella Maris was stuck; perhaps it had failed to evade the rapid-fire shells. And right in front of the Noctiluca, of all places!</p>
<p>As if spurred forward by the sight of his comrades’ sacrifices, Theo lunged Laughing Fox forward. But seeing through him, two Feldreß stood in its way. One was a Alkonost that looked like a sculpture chiseled out of ice, and the other was an ivory Reginleif, just like his. Lerche’s Chaika and Yuuto’s Verethragna.</p>
<p>The only two that remained of the units that boarded the Noctiluca with him.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“There are two enemy cannons, Sir Fox. You cannot defeat them alone.”</strong></span></p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“The enemy’s smart… They still have something up their sleeve.”</strong></span></p>
<p>The inhuman girl’s coldness and the emotionless tone of his comrade were like splashes of cold water over his heated nerves. Realizing he was once again settling into tunnel vision, he took a long breath.</p>
<p>“Sorry… Thanks.”</p>
<p>Verethragna regarded him with a glance.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“You handle the main guns, Rikka… You get the finishing blow.”</strong></span></p>
<p class="space-break2">The Noctiluca finished turning, reverting to its original state. The deck once again shifted horizontally and then began tilting in the opposite direction. It had turned its rudder the other way, swiveling its bow in the direction of the Stella Maris, which had lost speed all of a sudden. It was approaching the enemy ship, exhibiting full intent to kill.</p>
<p>Even a Reginleif couldn’t move when the deck was completely inclined. This was the only time they could approach the railguns, and Yuuto had no intention of letting that chance pass him by. His eyes, as <a id="page-234"></a>cold and emotionless as Verethragna’s optical sensor, were fixed on the railguns as he spoke.</p>
<p>“Verethragna to all units within the fortress. I’m attempting to destroy the enemy’s main guns. I’ll designate the bow-side gun Frieda and the stern-side gun Gisela. I’ll begin with Frieda… I’m counting on you to eliminate the starboard rapid-fire guns.”</p>
<p>He didn’t have the time to prioritize removing the rapid-fire guns, and he didn’t have the leisure to wait for reinforcements.</p>
<p>The deck tilted, quickly approaching the point where running across it would become impossible.</p>
<p>“…Lerche.”</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“Always ready,”</strong></span> she replied with a nod, her voice like the chirping of a bird.</p>
<p>“—Let’s go.”</p>
<p>They charged forward. Chaika had a slight lead on him. The Noctiluca’s deck drew a steep incline toward the center, and from their position on the bow, it almost looked like the deck was pitching above them. They sped across the burned surface, hurrying over to the bow-side turret lording over them.</p>
<p>They hectically jumped left and right, evading the enemy guns’ sights with animalistic sprinting, pulling sharp turns a human would never be able to pull off.</p>
<p>There were still a few active rapid-fire guns. Some of them were revolving at close range, turning to target Chaika. But the moment they were about to shoot, their consorts in the Mirage Spire fired at the guns.</p>
<p>A concentrated barrage of 88 mm APFSDS shells hit the unarmored head of the guns, penetrating and bursting over them. As the point-blank explosion blew the turrets to smithereens, Chaika fearlessly sprinted through the debris.</p>
<p>The 800 mm turrets were the Noctiluca’s main armaments. It wouldn’t let a few measly Feldreß destroy them. With a heavy, ominous whistling of the wind, the bow side’s Frieda and the stern side’s Gisela revolved at the same time. The thirty-meter-long, 800 mm <a id="page-235"></a>caliber turrets turned to face two Feldreß that were far too small by comparison.</p>
<p>They aimed at them, and then…</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“—Yuuto! Leave Gisela to us!”</strong></span></p>
<p>The next moment, as both railguns—even the stern side’s Gisela—turned to the ship’s bow to aim at Chaika, a new squadron leaped onto the ship’s stern. The distance between the Mirage Spire and the Noctiluca was by now too far for the Reginleifs to jump across by any means. But they got there through the wreckage of the Denebola—the ship that had sacrificed itself to stall the Noctiluca’s progress.</p>
<p>The Noctiluca dragged its lifeless steel carcass after it as it moved, and it had served as a stepping stone between the Mirage Spire and the massive craft. When they couldn’t jump far enough, they used wire anchors to close the distance and reach the deck.</p>
<p>Shiden’s Cyclops led the charge, followed by the entirety of the Brísingamen squadron, with the exception of five of their units that had been damaged in the battle, and Melusine, which stayed behind at the top of the fortress.</p>
<p>Like pirates boarding an enemy ship, the girls landed on the deck and immediately clung to the turret in front of them. All fifty antiaircraft guns and twenty-two rapid-fire guns were ruined. The other turrets formed a staircase-like superstructure leading up to the main turrets.</p>
<p>Firing their anchors again for support, the Reginleifs used the tips of their legs to climb up what little footing they had. With the girls flocking it beyond its barrel’s thirty-meter length, Gisela was unable to shoot. And with Gisela in its way, Frieda couldn’t aim, either.</p>
<p>Left with no other choice, Gisela swung its long barrel, the wind whistling as it moved. The barrel itself was a giant mass weighing in at several hundreds of tonnes, ramming into one unfortunate, careless unit. The Reginleif bent out of shape and rolled down to the sea. But the Juggernauts, not even having the time to call out their comrade’s name, continued climbing up.</p>
<p>Gisela’s turret swerved to and fro like a bucking horse, knocking out a few other units as if swatting flies. But eventually…</p>
<p class="space-break1"><a id="page-236"></a>Chaika had reached right in front of the bow side’s railgun, Frieda.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Cyclops climbed up to the stern side’s railgun, Gisela.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Above each of the turrets, the silver wings meant for relieving heat had unfurled, hanging over them like the blades of a guillotine. They fell apart like snow, becoming conductive wires for melee combat. This was the last self-defense weapon the Morpho had when it faced Shin at the Spire’s top floor. It still had that final card up its sleeve in case the enemy did manage to close in on it.</p>
<p>Chaika and Cyclops were too close to the conductive wires, meaning that Lena’s tactic of disabling the wires with incendiary bombs wasn’t viable like it was against the Morpho. However…</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“—You think you can pull the rug out from under us with that overdone tactic, you metal monstrosity?”</strong></span></p>
<p>Chaika stopped in place and fired. Her legs screeched against the chaffed deck as she hit a sudden brake, aiming at the conductive wires swinging down at her. The timed fuse was set to trigger at minimal time lag, in midair. Depleting all its ammo, the blast shielded Chaika from the wires, tearing them apart in the process.</p>
<p>Chaika was also caught up in its own blast, however, and crumpled to the ground. The shells had a minimal triggering distance, so as to ensure that the unit that fired them wouldn’t be caught in the blast radius. Lerche had disabled that setting, however. With the explosion taking place almost directly in front of her, there was no guarantee she would walk away from it unscathed.</p>
<p>Pelted with the fragments of its own point-blank shot, Chaika had been torn into like a rag doll and collapsed powerlessly. But as if rising from its shadow, Yuuto’s Verethragna slipped through the storm of conductive wires and shell fragments.</p>
<p>There were only twenty more meters to the turret. He was close enough to the thirty-meter-long barrel to be in its blind spot. However…</p>
<p><a id="page-237"></a><em>I knew it. One step too short…</em></p>
<p>…Yuuto could see the turret swing toward him from the corner of his eye. It had begun turning to swat Chaika away and was now about to hit him. He was just shy of reaching the back of the turret, where the control core likely was. The spear-like prongs of the barrel were approaching him in a sideways sweep.</p>
<p>With his concentration strained, time seemed to slow to a crawl. Once it hit him, though, his Juggernaut wouldn’t be able to withstand a blow from such a massive, heavy weapon.</p>
<p>But he’d shed away any such sense of fear or dread years ago. His comrades dying felt like a forgone conclusion. Up until he joined the Strike Package, the fact that none of them might survive felt painfully obvious.</p>
<p>The barrel approached, mere moments away from bashing him. But for some reason, Yuuto was reminded of his exchange with Theo in the Spire. A tower where the higher you climbed, the more you shed away your emotions, desires, and suffering. A place of cleansing, where one ascended toward death.</p>
<p>Being in the Eighty-Sixth Sector felt like a constant climb up that tower. But he was no longer climbing. They weren’t within the Eighty-Sixth Sector’s lethal bounds anymore, so they didn’t have to live as if rushing to their deaths.</p>
<p>In which case, perhaps they didn’t have to discard their emotions and desires—essentially, everything but their pride—either.</p>
<p>Frieda’s turret swept in to bash him like a blunt weapon. But he didn’t have the means to destroy it nor defend himself from it. So he ignored it, fixing his eyes on a different target. The conductive wires that had to be silenced if they were to destroy Frieda. He fired his 88 mm tank turret at the base of the butterfly wings, from which they extended.</p>
<p class="space-break2">“—Shiden, I’ll handle the wires.”</p>
<p>As the rest of her consorts evacuated to the lower levels, she stayed behind on the Mirage Spire’s top floor, Carla Three. One sector of the <a id="page-238"></a>floor had its scaffolding slanted outward, like a broken flower petal. Melusine had sneaked to the tip of that spot, trying to close its distance with the Noctiluca.</p>
<p>Despite it not being her forte, Shana carefully aimed as she prepared to snipe it from a distance. She had climbed too high to jump and board the enemy, and to make matters worse, not only was the wind too intense to accurately shoot, but her footing was terribly unstable. Since she wasn’t used to this kind of sniping, one wrong step could result in the footing snapping under her, or her slipping off and tumbling down.</p>
<p>But she had to brave this danger and get closer. As risky as it was, if she didn’t, they’d lose and die.</p>
<p>This world didn’t need humanity. This world and its people were full of malice and cruelty. Kurena had seen it for herself just now, but Shana didn’t need to lose someone dear to her before her eyes to know this.</p>
<p>The world was cruel. It drove a knife into one’s heart with a sinister grin, as if to say that one would be better off dead. And that was exactly why she refused to die. She could never bring herself to love this world, and so she would never obey its words, either.</p>
<p>She was trying to shoot Gisela’s rear diagonally from above. She was aiming at the turret’s base, at a gap in its armor from which the wires extended. She was going to snipe from her position on the Mirage Spire, which was already almost out of sight for the Noctiluca, accurately striking a APFSDS shell right into it.</p>
<p>The wires spilled out, writhing like the entrails of a dying snake. Cyclops sprinted across it, slipping to the back of the turret and unleashing a buckshot at the railgun’s control core.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“Drop dead, you big motherfucker.”</strong></span></p>
<p><em>Click.</em></p>
<p>The 88 mm flew through the air, piercing and penetrating the back of Gisela’s turret. In place of a scream, liquid gushed out. While fixed in place, the stern-side 800 mm railgun seemed to bend backward as fire billowed from it, and at long last, it crumbled in place.</p>
<p class="space-break2"><a id="page-239"></a>Meanwhile, on the bow side, Frieda’s conductive wires were severed from their core. The HEAT shell that hit it ignited the conductive wires, causing them to lose control and flop powerlessly to the ground.</p>
<p>But even with its wires removed, Frieda itself was still very much alive. In order to remove the enemy units that had approached it, it swung its gigantic turret in quick sweeps.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“I got rid of its self-defense weapon… You handle the rest,”</strong></span> Yuuto said as Verethragna hopped away to the side.</p>
<p>Its attempt to dodge was futile, however, and Frieda’s barrel caught up with it in no time, knocking the ten-tonne Juggernaut away like a pebble.</p>
<p>Yuuto’s Para-RAID shut off.</p>
<p>Without raising his voice in a scream, Yuuto and Verethragna plummeted down to the sea beneath them. And in exchange for that fierce conclusion…</p>
<p>“—Yeah. Leave it to me, Yuuto. You too, Lerche.”</p>
<p>Cutting through the flames still hanging over the air, Laughing Fox appeared over Frieda. While Chaika crept along the surface and Verethragna acted as bait, Laughing Fox had used the flames as cover to ascend above Frieda using its wire anchor.</p>
<p>With both its turret and optical sensors focused downward at the deck, this act of three-dimensional coordination took Frieda by surprise. And now its self-defense armament was eliminated.</p>
<p>However, Frieda itself—the railgun—hadn’t fired yet. It swiveled its spear-like turret, locking onto Laughing Fox. Tendrils of electricity ran through the barrel with a buzz, and in the next moment, a thundering explosion shook the air.</p>
<p>Laughing Fox’s optical sensor looked down on it from above, reflecting the 800 mm caliber muzzle glaring at it. Even if it was a giant cannon, it was still a Legion. Its reaction speed was devilishly quick. And in order to destroy the cannon’s control core, he’d have to get to the back of the turret.</p>
<p><em>I’ve got no choice.</em></p>
<p><a id="page-240"></a>A gigantic aperture, large enough for a person to slip inside. Loaded within it was an 800 mm shell primed for firing. Theo locked onto it.</p>
<p><em>Click.</em></p>
<p>The Reginleif’s smoothbore gun fired, ringing out like it had just hit a metal plate. It may have been a gun turret, but the hole was still 800 mm wide. The pronged spear-like barrel’s gap was just large enough to fit a medium-size shell.</p>
<p>But right before firing, he’d slightly adjusted his sights. The angle was just a little off. The 88 mm shell traveled halfway through the reverse trajectory the 800 mm shell would. But just as it passed halfway through the barrel, it made contact with the liquid forming the electromagnetic field, tearing through the shell as it pierced into it.</p>
<p>The fuse triggered and then burst.</p>
<p>Part of the liquid that formed the electromagnetic field splattered. This was a several-hundred-tonne turret, and even if an 88 mm shell were to blow up inside it, it wouldn’t be destroyed. But if the fluid inside it were to be blown away, it would short the circuits and make the electric current go berserk. And unfortunately for Frieda, the 800 mm shell it had loaded to blow away the insect skittering in front of it had its outer shell’s fuse malfunction and trigger between the rails.</p>
<p>This served to only intensify the explosion, producing a deafening blast. The shell burst before it could be charged and accelerated with kinetic energy, so it lacked the full power that allowed it to blow away the fortress. But the vast energy that would have unleashed a large amount of shrapnel exploded within Frieda. As sturdy as the rails were, they couldn’t withstand that shock wave.</p>
<p>Like a large tree split by lightning, the rails bent in opposite directions as the barrel cracked open. The rails meant to propel the railgun’s shells warped into shapes that would no longer allow them to serve that role.</p>
<p>The railgun perished in an unseemly manner—partially as a product of coincidence. But the result was all the same.</p>
<p>“Frieda, eliminated.”</p>
<p>But just as Theo began considering the remaining objectives, a shock wave shook the air.</p>
<p class="space-break2"><a id="page-241"></a>“Theo?!”</p>
<p>A point-blank explosion sent Laughing Fox flying toward the ship’s bow. Seeing this, Shiden, who was sitting atop Gisela’s broken turret, raised her voice in shock. After rolling over twice, Laughing Fox staggered to its feet. Speaking through the Resonance, Theo groaned dizzily.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“U-ugh… Ah, I’m fine. I’m okay.”</strong></span></p>
<p>“God… You’ve been pulling more close calls than usual today…”</p>
<p>But apparently, with this, they had silenced both the 800 mm railguns. All that remained was to destroy any remaining rapid-fire guns, but as that thought crossed their mind…</p>
<p>…it was then that they realized that the Noctiluca was beginning to move so its left side faced the damaged Stella Maris.</p>
<p>The Noctiluca had closed the distance between the ships on its own, and it wouldn’t take long for it to approach and shoot the supercarrier. If they were going to destroy the rapid-fire guns, they’d have to hurry.</p>
<p>But then Theo realized something and raised his voice tensely.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“Ah…! Shiden! Round up the Brísingamen squadron and get away from that! It’s—”</strong></span></p>
<p>He shouted a hoarse warning through the Resonance. That voice reminded Shiden of a sight she’d nearly forgotten—the visage of the battle with the railgun one year ago. Of how she overlooked the conclusion of the nightmarish battle at dawn, between the Morpho and Undertaker—though she hadn’t known it was him—from atop the Gran Mur.</p>
<p>And how that battle ended.</p>
<p>In order to protect confidential information from being taken or perhaps to take down enemy units, the murder machines manifested the madness within them.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“The Morpho has a self-destruct device inside it!”</strong></span></p>
<p>But the warning and recollection both came a moment too late. Without Shin present to confirm that the Legion were completely incapacitated, they didn’t have enough time to react.</p>
<p><a id="page-242"></a>A silent flash, followed by an explosion. The shock waves and light spread out, and with them, Gisela…a thousand-tonne railgun’s worth of shrapnel was sent flying in all directions.</p>
<p class="space-break2">Lena watched as Gisela self-destructed, with the Brísingamen squadron’s units all above or around it getting caught up in the blast. The shrapnel dug into the Juggernauts, sending them rolling powerlessly off the Noctiluca’s deck.</p>
<p>“…!”</p>
<p>She very nearly screamed but was able to stop herself.</p>
<p>No. Shiden had only just told her to keep it together. Losing her composure now would be a betrayal.</p>
<p>She could hear Esther shout orders to dispatch rescue boats.</p>
<p>“Numbers five and seven, get out there. Number twelve, remain on standby after connecting them. Number fifteen, you’re on your last legs; come back for a refuel.”</p>
<p>The Orphan Fleet’s rescue boats moved across the burning sea nonstop, trying to save as many lives as possible. Lena hung on to the belief that one of them would pick them up.</p>
<p>Sea rescue was a race against time, and to improve the chances of success even a little, Frederica continually used her ability. But as she spoke between sobs, a voice called to her from the radio.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“That’s enough, missy. You can stop, really. We’ll look after their injuries. We’ve been given triage training. You don’t have to force yourself!”</strong></span></p>
<p>But Frederica still sobbed, shaking her head in stout denial.</p>
<p>“No, not yet… I still have my responsibilities. There are still those who have fallen and await rescue. I shan’t stand idly by, only to live with regret. I can keep going.”</p>
<p>“…Yes,” Lena whispered to herself, raising her head.</p>
<p><em>We can’t afford to stop yet. The Noctiluca itself is still alive.</em></p>
<p>But then something like an alarm bell rang in her mind.</p>
<p><em>…It’s not dead?</em></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>