<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—EIGHTY-SIX, Vol. 8: Gun Smoke on the Water</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:964766bf-09ef-42cb-8b5c-46c343083f50" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter010">
<p>It was gazing back at them. Coldly. Haughtily.</p>
<p>With a loud thud, its two glowing, silver wings stretched out to the heavens.</p>
<p>The Morpho.</p>
<p class="space-break1">“Remaining distance: five kilometers. Remaining estimated ammunition: one shot!”</p>
<p>“Bring it, you big metal bastard!”</p>
<p>The artillery battle was ongoing. The last remaining anti-leviathan vessel blitzed through the final five thousand meters, while the three long-distance cruisers were still intact as well. One of the cruisers, the Basilicus, sped toward the Mirage Spire, breaking away from the rest of the ships, its two 40 cm cannons alight in rapid fire.</p>
<p>As it fired, its search lights were lit up, and its radar and radio were both transmitting in full force, its crew barking commands to keep shooting so as to attract the enemy sights to itself. And just as it wanted, the Morpho’s muzzle turned in the direction of its reckless charge.</p>
<p>The top of the pylon gleamed as the Morpho unleashed an arc discharge that flashed like lightning. The Morpho’s railgun boasted an initial velocity of eight thousand meters per second; as soon as the muzzle roared, the shell had already impacted its target. But despite that, the Basilicus surprisingly avoided its exceedingly quick line of fire by turning portside hard. Throughout this battle, they’d observed the particularities of the way the ghost inhabiting the Morpho tended to aim, allowing them to pull off this astounding evasive maneuver.</p>
<p>The Morpho’s last remaining 800 mm shell gouged into the waves, forming a concentric tidal wave that passed over not only the Basilicus, but the lines of fire of the other long-distance cruisers, the Benetnasch and the Denebola. Their shots, launched in case the Morpho still had ammunition left, created explosions and shock waves that blinded <a id="page-134"></a>the Morpho’s sensors and forced it to momentarily retreat under the canopy.</p>
<p>Beneath the tower, the Stella Maris continued to hurdle toward it at maximum combat speed. The Mirage Spire was approaching. By now, it was so close that their field of vision couldn’t grasp its full size, its sheer majesty visible from the integrated bridge. Pillars of concrete extended perpendicularly from below the water, each one as wide as several buildings stacked together. Six such pillars formed a hexagonal shape, and on top of it was a six-pointed, prism-shaped fortress that towered into the sky.</p>
<p>Half-transparent solar panels coated the outer circumference of the structure like scales, now dyed white with the raindrops. The structure’s interior wasn’t visible through them. Its full length stood a hundred twenty meters tall. Its shape was like the roost of some mythical dragon living in the sea. It stacked on and on; the mere thought of climbing up it felt like an endless nightmare.</p>
<p>The Stella Maris approached the foundation of the fortress, one of the six concrete pillars. The helmsman was probably incredibly fearless, since he didn’t slow down, nearly ramming into the pillar with the ship’s broadside. And yet he did this with extreme precision. The metal didn’t so much as screech as the ship stopped alongside the towering concrete palisade.</p>
<p class="space-break2">Shin and his group watched from the flight deck. It looked essentially like an act of suicide. As the ship sped toward the concrete cliff, they all held their breaths, their eyes wide as they braced for impact. But right in front of the collision, the supercarrier suddenly turned its rudder, the broadside’s bow stopping alongside the fortress.</p>
<p>From this position, the pillar’s base was in the enemy’s way, meaning the strike force could climb up without being exposed to enemy fire.</p>
<p>The operation had commenced.</p>
<p>Shin’s thoughts shifted, like a switch had been flipped in his brain. <a id="page-135"></a>He had almost unconsciously brought Undertaker, which sat crouched as if beaten down by the rain, to a standing position. His consciousness, which had been honed and optimized for battle, had drowned out any concept of fear or pressure from the dangers of nature.</p>
<p>Lena’s order reached his ears.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“Artillery unit, open fire! Spearhead squadron, advance!”</strong></span></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>