<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—EIGHTY-SIX, Vol. 8: Gun Smoke on the Water</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:964766bf-09ef-42cb-8b5c-46c343083f50" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter020">
<p><a id="page-243"></a><a id="page-244"></a>In that case, was the railgun dead? Why did they assume that it was? How exactly did they confirm that? How could they confirm it when they had no one who could hear the moment the ghosts’ incessant screams ceased…?</p>
<p>Something pulled her gaze up. She could see a silver form swirling above the Noctiluca. A kaleidoscope of butterflies, deflecting the light with the silent flapping of their wings. A Legion’s central processor, which had taken the form of mechanical butterflies.</p>
<p>Liquid Micromachines.</p>
<p>Likely the ones in charge of Gisela’s fire control. The silvery droplet that had dripped down the Mirage Spire after the Morpho’s destruction…</p>
<p><em>I should have realized it back then.</em></p>
<p>Just like the Phönix before it, the Noctiluca was a commander unit that was essentially immortal. Destroying its fuselage alone wouldn’t be enough to assume they’d destroyed it entirely. And it was entirely possible the same would apply to the Shepherds they’d face going forward—perhaps even the most common of Legion troops.</p>
<p>The butterflies fluttered down like snow. Folding their wings, they resembled ominous moonlight as they descended. They were headed for the railgun Theo destroyed. Frieda. They landed on it, coalesced, and slipped into the cracks in its armor.</p>
<p>The barrel had blown up from the inside, and the rails were bent and split. This railgun should not have been capable of firing. However, Lena felt a burning sense of panic overcome her.</p>
<p>“All Processors, evacuate Frieda’s line of fire…! Theo, run!”</p>
<p>As she spoke, she realized it. It was no good; they wouldn’t make it. The time it took her to figure it out was far too long. They should have shot down those butterflies while they were clumped together. The silver splatters the railgun would shed every time they shot it were actually Liquid Micromachines. The barrel’s erosion meant the Liquid Micromachines that produced the electromagnetic field were being depleted.</p>
<p>Gisela was driven to total destruction, so it wasn’t usable anymore. But with Frieda, the only thing they’d successfully destroyed was <a id="page-245"></a>the barrel. They deemed the rails in charge of accelerating the shells useless and assumed they’d destroyed it.</p>
<p>But if all it needed to generate an electromagnetic field were Liquid Micromachines…then it could get plenty of that from its downed consort.</p>
<p>“It’s going to shoot! The Liquid Micromachines are going to reform the barrel! They’re going to repair Frieda!”</p>
<p class="space-break2">Countless particles settled over the Noctiluca’s bow side, covering the bent barrel as they were absorbed into Frieda. It took them in within seconds, like dry sand sucking in water.</p>
<p>Its blue optical sensor lit up.</p>
<p>Frieda’s thirty-meter barrel, which had lurched down powerlessly, once again swung through the ocean wind and rose to a horizontal position. Its bent rails were like a bull’s horns, like the decoration on an Eastern-style helmet. And from within, silver light filtered out.</p>
<p>They were the Liquid Micromachines that formed the electromagnetic field. The space they occupied was significantly larger than the aperture originally was, but the silver liquid gushed freely, as if forming a frost crystal.</p>
<p>The micromachines that formed Gisela’s now-ruined control system were integrated into Frieda, quite literally filling in the cracks. A thundering screech and tendrils of electricity filled the air. The electromagnetic field crackled to life. Thin streaks of electricity danced across every part of Frieda’s metallic body, striking the surrounding deck and ruined cannons.</p>
<p>It raised its barrel horizontally, then moved its angle diagonally. Its sights were on the Mirage Spire. Specifically, the Juggernauts atop it.</p>
<p>The 800 mm railgun roared.</p>
<p class="space-break2">The boom of the 800 mm caused the air to quake, like thunder at close range. The destructive shock waves produced by propelling a massive shell to such high speeds shook the deck.</p>
<p><a id="page-246"></a>Laughing Fox had been knocked to the Noctiluca’s bow side. Theo was able to use his wire anchor to safely land and escape the shock waves. He once again fired the wire, climbing up to the Noctiluca’s deck, where he was given a view of the devastation.</p>
<p>“…Ah—”</p>
<p>A rumbling, smashing sound unlike anything he had ever heard filled his ears. The Mirage Spire base took a direct hit at close range from the 800 mm shell and was now creaking, as it was incapable of supporting its own weight.</p>
<p>Level Carla, in its entirety, had been hit.</p>
<p>The massive shell moving at high speeds carried with it intense destructive power that mercilessly smashed through the steel tower. The sturdy beams that supported the multistory building snapped and broke, and now the entire structure was letting out a metallic screech.</p>
<p>There should have still been people in there.</p>
<p>“Wh-what about Kurena? And the others?!”</p>
<p>His optical screen displayed fragments of ruined Juggernauts flying through the air and some units trapped within the torn scaffolding. Thankfully, there weren’t too many of them, since they’d already begun evacuating… In fact, even with that considered, very little of them had, in fact, been caught. The others must have been blown off and fell down…or, at worst, were caught directly in the line of fire and completely blown to bits.</p>
<p>Consort units hurried over to stranded units, tearing open the cockpits to extract their comrades from within. They dragged those who were fortunately still alive into their cockpits and hurriedly evacuated the Spire.</p>
<p>The Mirage Spire creaked. Unable to support its massive weight, one of the six pillars supporting it crumbled away. Each pillar on its own was the size of a building. It seemed to fall apart slowly at first, but gravity’s pull made its collapse progressively faster.</p>
<p>As if its nerves or blood vessels were being torn off, steel beams flew out of the tower, otherwise plummeting down and becoming metallic spears. The surviving Juggernauts beneath them sped up, scrambling away to safety.</p>
<p><a id="page-247"></a>Meanwhile, splotches of Liquid Micromachines splattered out of Frieda like blood as it finished firing. Using Liquid Micromachines to fire in place of a barrel was an effort even for the Legion. Much of the liquid that formed the barrel flaked off like shards of broken crystal.</p>
<p>They scattered off the ship, reflecting the light and trickling into the ocean. Some of the larger bits broke off to assume butterfly form before hitting the water, riding the wind with their paper-thin wings. They then nestled back into the cracks in the barrel, which was even more bent and broken than it was before firing…</p>
<p>Of course, their numbers were too few to fill up the gaps again, but more Liquid Micromachines seeped out of Frieda, the silver mass coalescing like frost. Frieda was even using the micromachines that controlled it to prepare to fire again.</p>
<p>This was likely Frieda’s—and the Noctiluca’s—final shot.</p>
<p>And yet it seemed ready to put everything behind it…</p>
<p>Another thundering roar. The crackle of electricity was the horrifying proof that the cannon was ready once more. The turret revolved, screeching loudly as if something was in the way of its internal mechanisms.</p>
<p>“…The Stella Maris.”</p>
<p>There were no other Juggernauts capable of moving except for his Laughing Fox. Raiden, Anju, Dustin, Yuuto, and Shiden had all fallen. The ones in the Mirage Spire, like Kurena, were trying to reach safety in the base of the tower before the entire structure collapsed all around them. The Stella Maris had one of its propellers damaged and had also been lured to approach the Noctiluca. It couldn’t escape in time.</p>
<p>And so…</p>
<p>His mind felt awfully calm and clear as the facts dawned on him. The world had been reduced to little more than himself and the railgun before him. No one but him could break this deadlock. He couldn’t let it sink the Stella Maris. They couldn’t lose that craft. He couldn’t let Lena die. Or Frederica, Vika, Marcel, or the rest of the control crew.</p>
<p>Ishmael and the other members of the Open Sea clans were still at risk. Until they saw everyone safely back home, their mission was not yet complete. They branded themselves with the shame of returning while <a id="page-248"></a>sacrificing their comrades to do it. Seeing their task through to the very end was their final fact of pride and duty.</p>
<p>But most importantly, the Stella Maris was their way back home. Everyone here had to return home.</p>
<p>And so did he.</p>
<p>“…I have to go home.”</p>
<p>Even if he had no place he could call home, he would find it. Even if that meant making one for himself.</p>
<p>The crumbling tower was plummeting toward the ocean just as the Noctiluca brushed past it. And as it fell, the majority of its massive weight was above him and the Noctiluca.</p>
<p>Despite how heavily he’d overused them, Theo’s wire anchors were made sturdily to support high-mobility combat. Laughing Fox fired its left anchor above it, coiling it around one of the Noctiluca’s beams. The collapsing tower was by now almost perpendicular to the sea. As it fired the anchor, Laughing Fox jumped. Reeling up his wire, Theo moved faster than his leg strength afforded him, swinging up to the railgun’s top.</p>
<p class="space-break2">Yes, the world was cruel. Cruel, malicious, and absurd. People with noble reasons to live perished, and others survived, none the wiser. This was the way of the world, no matter how badly some wished it wasn’t. And so those who survived had a duty to live on.</p>
<p>For the ones who passed away…the ones who were gone and out of reach…he would remember them.</p>
<p>He refused to live his life shamefully. He couldn’t disgrace the memories of the dead. So he had to be happy. Even if he was all alone, even if he still dreaded thinking of the future, he had to.</p>
<p class="space-break1"><em>Captain.</em></p>
<p class="space-break1"><em>Please. Never forgive me.</em></p>
<p>He said that, not wishing to curse his own death. Even at his last moment, he cared for others. He lived nobly, to the very end.</p>
<p><a id="page-249"></a><em>But I still need that curse. I can’t yet live without your curse to haunt me. I have to atone for your death with my way of life. You died without anyone to avenge or honor you, and I’m the only survivor who knows it.</em></p>
<p><em>I have to live happily. Because if I don’t, you really will have died for nothing.</em></p>
<p><em>That’s my reason.</em></p>
<p><em>Captain… What you did was so stupid. Ask anyone in the world, and they’ll all call you an idiot. But…no matter what anyone says, you were absolutely in the right.</em></p>
<p><em>So I have to prove it to this world that’s calling you foolish… And to do that, I have to survive. Even if I have nothing… Even if I lose it all, I…I have to find happiness. I’ll inherit the curse of living a happy life…in your place.</em></p>
<p>His objective was the railgun’s rear, the control core under the armor. Shiden’s attack showed him the spot—one of the few weak points that could silence the railgun with a single shot. Laughing Fox soared through the air, drawing an arc as he aimed directly at that spot.</p>
<p><em>Here it is.</em></p>
<p>His target was right beneath him. Flipping his unit in midair, he aimed his turret directly down. He reflexively let out his bated breath in one short, sharp puff. Just a little longer until his sights were aligned…!</p>
<p>But Juggernauts couldn’t fly. At most, they could move acrobatically through the air. An awfully easy trajectory to predict. From the corner of his eye, he could see the last remaining rapid-fire gun turn to aim at him. He didn’t have to dodge. His sights aligned, and he began squeezing the trigger…</p>
<p class="space-break2"><em>He</em> didn’t know the aiming procedure for a warship’s gun, so he only relayed the information as he heard it.</p>
<p>“A hundred twenty meters from the bow, right above the waterline—”</p>
<p>Had he hit the ground, there was no way he would have survived. The Reginleif’s high-fidelity buffering system made every attempt to protect the pilot, but his injuries were still severe enough that the military physician would strictly order him to rest and recover.</p>
<p><a id="page-250"></a>Despite this, he knew he was needed, so he interrupted the treatment and came up to the integrated bridge. He was still alive. His comrades were still out there fighting. And there were still things he could do. Knowing all that, he couldn’t rest.</p>
<p>Vika loaned him a shoulder, muttering with a sardonic smile that he did all that analyzing for nothing. Looking around, he looked to Ishmael, who instructed the fire-control officers to adjust their sights according to his instructions.</p>
<p>For now, he looked away from those wide, frozen eyes gazing at him… With just that, he spoke through labored breaths, instructing them to that position.</p>
<p>“That’s where the control core is. That’s where <em>the most voices</em> are gathered… Aim there!”</p>
<p class="space-break2">The flight deck of the supercarrier, the Stella Maris. Four 40 cm guns began swiveling noisily. The deck was filled with the winds and rain of the storm, as well as the soot and marks of this battle. Even in its final voyage, the queen of warships wore her scars with pride, standing tall and proud.</p>
<p>With the preparations complete on the deck, the <em>catapult personnel</em> evacuated to the bridge after correcting their sights as instructed and looked up at the cannons with a flood of emotions. This was likely the last shot the Stella Maris’s main turret would ever fire. The fact that they needed the help of someone who wasn’t part of the Orphan Fleet, or even part of the Fleet Countries, was something that they—while thankful for—couldn’t help but resent.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“Fire!”</strong></span></p>
<p>The guns fired, unleashing a massive explosion that released trembling shock waves. All the ship’s remaining ammunition was expelled into the air, leaving only a shroud of gun smoke…and silence. Eternal silence.</p>
<p>The next moment—</p>
<p>“You must be happy, Stella Maris,” one of the catapult personnel <a id="page-251"></a>whispered. “Our final, fleeting great mother. In your last battle, you got to fire your anti-leviathan gun.”</p>
<p>They had received their orders to shoot from their great, pseudo-brother, Ishmael.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“Keep your sights as they are. Anti-leviathan gun, fire!”</strong></span></p>
<p>A long steam catapult covered the runway. Raising a trail of white steam, its shuttle was awaiting the moment of its triggering, which soon came.</p>
<p>The intense power produced by two nuclear reactors kicked the shuttle into the air. Aircraft carriers were capable of propelling thirty-tonne fighter planes into takeoff speed. This supercarrier’s catapult drew on that history.</p>
<p>However, the shuttle, which would normally tow airplanes, instead dragged a long, thick chain. On its other hand was the Stella Maris’s bulky, fifteen-tonne anchor. The shuttle pulled it, propelling it across the flight deck’s ninety-meter-long runway within less than a second.</p>
<p>The catapult drew its name from a siege weapon that used tension or spring screws to fire spherical masses. The catapult in use now was an auxiliary device meant to help launch planes, and it was technically closer to a ballista.</p>
<p>The shuttle reached the end of the runway, then stopped in place with a loud thud. The wire floated up with its full momentum, unleashing the anchor at the peak of its curve. Granted a speed of three hundred kilometers per hour, the massive, fifteen-tonne anchor was launched like a gigantic arrowhead.</p>
<p>The anti-leviathan gun. The supercarrier’s final weapon for dispatching a Musukura, even in a case where it had completely depleted its ammunition.</p>
<p>The anchor soared through the air, following the 40 cm cannon shells weighing one tonne. The projectile was flung using a primitive, rough firing method, not unlike the ballista. It stood in stark contrast to the cutting-edge futuristic railgun, which no human country was able to implement in actual battle. And in the blink of an eye, their projected trajectories intersected.</p>
<p class="space-break2"><a id="page-252"></a>He thought he heard the roar of a cannon in the distance. But that couldn’t be. The shot’s sound traveled slower than the shell itself. Modern warfare employed long-distance weapons that fired shells at faster than the speed of sound. A cannon’s roar could never reach the human ear sooner than the shell hit its target.</p>
<p>But as if urged by the sound of that cannon shot, Theo pulled the trigger. The 15 mm rapid-fire gun’s shot was fired at that same moment, but its blast didn’t reach his ears. The 88 mm APFSDS shell dropped from directly above it pierced into Frieda’s control core.</p>
<p>Despite knowing that it could not have been possible, Theo thought he could hear the mechanical ghost scream its last.</p>
<p>Bombarded from above, Frieda’s barrel seemed to bend backward, as if it had been split in half along its control core. The electromagnetic force concentrated in the barrel was left without a place to go, flowing backward through its circuits. Tendrils of lightning spurted from the railgun’s body like blood as it crumbled. The self-destruct system triggered the next second.</p>
<p>The 800 mm shell it fired was launched in a random direction, falling harmlessly into the sea. The next moment, the Stella Maris’s bombardment struck the Noctiluca. And then there was another impact.</p>
<p>As sturdy as the Noctiluca’s armor was, the Stella Maris closed the distance to it. On top of it, the Noctiluca had approached the supercarrier of its own accord earlier. It had effectively discarded the shield the distance had afforded it by curbing the shells’ velocity.</p>
<p>A rapid barrage of 40 cm shells hit one point on the ship’s broadside with lethal accuracy in quick succession. After several bursts, one of them finally penetrated the armor. The shells that followed penetrated the armor’s interior, where they burst.</p>
<p>The explosion from within the armor module finally punched a large hole into the Noctiluca’s broadside. And then a gigantic, anachronistic arrowhead flew through the hole, penetrating its heart as if to ensure the kill.</p>
<p><a id="page-253"></a>A massive spurt of Liquid Micromachines burst out like blood splatter.</p>
<p>A rumbling roar… Theo could hear, through the Resonance, the Noctiluca’s howl. It was a wail of anger. Or perhaps hatred.</p>
<p>The gigantic steel vessel lurched sideways, as if losing to the projectiles’ impacts. It churned the sea like a tsunami as it sank under the waves. Directing a final, spiteful glare at the supercarrier as it did.</p>
<p>And so the hundred-thousand-tonne massive battleship disappeared beneath the waves. All too quickly.</p>
<p class="space-break2">Still connected to the Resonance, Lena could hear that the Noctiluca’s wailing hadn’t died out yet. She squinted severely. It was still alive. It hadn’t been sunk. It dived underwater. This whole battle began when the Noctiluca surfaced from under the sea, after all. So while it may not be capable of fighting underwater, they could probably presume it was capable of underwater navigation.</p>
<p>They didn’t close enough distance. Most of their remaining ammunition was wasted on destroying the armor. They didn’t have enough left to destroy the control core.</p>
<p>The Noctiluca’s howl grew distant as it retreated, like a wounded fish swimming away. Hearing this, Lena turned to face Ishmael.</p>
<p>“Captain, we need to give chase. The Noctiluca isn’t dead ye—”</p>
<p>But just as she said that, Lena was suddenly rendered speechless, as if her tongue had stuck to the roof of her mouth. She stood frozen in place, her thoughts grinding to a screeching halt.</p>
<p>The holo-screen that displayed the outside view…was completely covered by gigantic eyeballs, looking down on them. One at its center. Two more on its sides. Each eyeball was larger than a human adult. They were so large that even as predator locked eyes with prey, it didn’t feel like they were indeed gazing at each other.</p>
<p>It was like a grim reminder of just how diminutive and brittle humans were as a species.</p>
<p>Its pupils were black and surrounded by irises, and while it had no <a id="page-254"></a>eyelids, the whites of its eyes were nearly indiscernible. Its slightly transparent pupils revealed that the structure of its eyes wasn’t fundamentally different than a human’s, though.</p>
<p>However, its pupils weren’t round but had an angular diamond shape. Its irises had an almost metallic sort of rainbow gleam to them, like the feathers of a peacock. Perhaps the result of some sort of oil film reflecting the light.</p>
<p>An utterly alien, inhuman eye.</p>
<p>Several dozen kilometers away from the Mirage Spire, where the ocean had changed color, was the interstice that demarcated humankind’s territory from what lay beyond. But this creature didn’t stand there. No. A single leviathan had crossed that boundary and now floated right in front of the Stella Maris.</p>
<p>It had a long, winding neck and a sharp, elongated head. Every inch of it was covered in scales, but the texture of those scales was visibly and indescribably strange. A layer of scales with the dim glow of armor, the sharpness of a knife, and the transparency of crystal covered a layer of other scales, as soft and transparent as a jellyfish’s body. Dorsal-finlike organs shaped like crystal formations extended along its back, from the top of its head to the end of its tail.</p>
<p>Its hard scales and the sharpness of its jaws granted it a somehow reptilian appearance, but its soft, almost squishy silhouette resembled that of a mollusk-like sea slug creature.</p>
<p>Its full length was an estimated three hundred thirty meters. The largest species of a leviathan, a three-hundred-meter class specimen—a Musukura—was upon them.</p>
<p>One of the open sea’s sovereigns gazed down at the Stella Maris, serenely but arrogantly. And somehow, they could tell. It was keenly aware of the tiny, land-dwelling mammals writhing within the vessel. Its lidless eyes unblinkingly gazed at Lena and the others inside the ship.</p>
<p>Faced with this damaged, creaking human vessel, it regarded them with eyes utterly different from both the eyes of humans and the gaze of the man-made mechanical monsters. An almost alien sort of glare that communicated nothing.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>