<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“No... Well, I suppose. But I didn’t mean it like that! Anyways, we’re keeping everyone waiting, so let’s hurry back.”</p>

      <p>“Of course,” Lilianna nodded, looking only slightly reluctant. The thought of the person waiting ahead of her made her want to extend their carefree conversation a little longer...</p>

      <p>But she couldn’t do that. Not long after they left Rio and the others, they arrived at a location not too far away.</p>

      <p>“Yo, Bro. Aki. Thanks for waiting,” Masato said to the silently standing Takahisa and uncomfortable-looking Aki. They were surrounded by Lilianna’s knights: Hilda, Kiara, and Alice.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Neither Takahisa nor Aki said anything. While Aki looked pale and uneasy, Takahisa tried to maintain a poker face over his clearly bad mood. After the incident, Masato had gotten into a huge fight with him, making him even more sullen than before.</p>

      <p>But Masato saw through him completely.</p>

      <p>“You were watching, weren’t you? How was it, seeing Miharu for the first time in a few days?” he asked Takahisa and Aki. Indeed—from their current position, it was possible to see the area where they had been exchanging farewells. Takahisa had been facing the other way when Masato and Lilianna walked over, but there was no way he hadn’t been watching earlier.</p>

      <p>“...” Takahisa’s sullen face became even more obvious.</p>

      <p>“What? I’m here with you just as you wanted, dear brother. Shouldn’t you look a little happier?”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“Or are you saying there’s no point in Aki and me being here without Miharu?” Masato asked provocatively, not bothering to mince his words.</p>

      <p>“Tch...” Takahisa glared at Masato sharply, but nevertheless held his silence.</p>

      <p>“If you were watching, you should know by now. Haruto is the one who’ll stand beside Miharu, not you. Miharu won’t be happy unless she’s with Haruto. You need to accept it already—that you’re not worthy of her.”</p>

      <p>“...” It was as though his little brother had just told him he had lost. And it was the truth—Miharu had certainly seemed happier being beside Rio. That led to an even greater sense of defeat that made him feel helpless and desperate, but he couldn’t say anything right now.</p>

      <p>“After calling Haruto a criminal over and over again, you were the one who ended up committing a crime. Honestly, I can’t even laugh about it anymore...” Masato trailed off, looking grim.</p>

      <p><em>...He’s still a criminal, too. A murderer. And yet, and yet...</em></p>

      <p>Just what was different between himself and Haruto? Takahisa looked down and clenched his fists.</p>

      <p>“I’ll tell you as many times as you need to hear it: I’m not staying with you out of pity. I’m coming along to make sure you two don’t tread down this foolish path any further. I’m not forgiving either of you until you apologize to both Miharu and Haruto,” Masato said with a huff and walked off.</p>

      <p>“Now, please come this way, Sir Takahisa, Lady Aki,” Lilianna said to the two of them, before following Masato. Takahisa watched them leave and glanced over at the area where they had been exchanging farewells just moments ago. Although there was no one left there—</p>

      <p><em>...Are you saying that I was wrong?</em></p>

      <p>He had caught a glimpse of Miharu smiling happily beside Haruto, which had made his face twist with frustration. Aki watched Takahisa’s expression from beside him with a sad look.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>One week had passed since Takahisa, Aki, and Masato had departed for the Centostella Kingdom. During the week, they saw Liselotte off as she returned to Amande to deal with her work at the Ricca Guild, visited Liselotte’s parents to greet them, and formally reported to Francois about their plans to continue traveling. Time had passed in the blink of an eye.</p>

      <p>“Aww... First Masato and the others leave, and now Haruto and Miharu are leaving. I’m so lonely! When will we get to meet up again? I wanted to eat Haruto’s cooking, too... Liselotte’s busy, so she left early, as well...”</p>

      <p>It was finally the day when Rio and Miharu were due to leave the castle. The three of them—including Satsuki—were seated around the dining table in the living room eating breakfast in the morning when Satsuki had spoken up with dramatic sorrow. Rather than being sulky, it seemed like she was pleading to see them again soon.</p>

      <p>“I’ll try to bring Miharu back to the castle regularly. If there’s a chance, we’ll sneak you out of the castle at night to come to the stone house—you should have said so earlier.”</p>

      <p>“I can’t do that. You promised both Liselotte and me at the banquet, so it wouldn’t be fair to her, right? Anyways, it’d be more fun to eat together,” Satsuki said, smiling cutely.</p>

      <p>“I understand. If I have the chance to see Liselotte again, I shall inform her then. Feel free to pass on the message if you manage to see Liselotte first, too,” Rio said with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Yay. I’ll be looking forward to it, then. The meals at the castle are delicious, but they’re all rather oily and heavy on the seasoning. A lot of it tastes greasy, so I had them adjust it to a lighter taste, but I’ve really wanted to eat rice, miso soup, and pickled foods,” Satsuki emphasized with clenched fists.</p>

      <p>“I agree. I could eat a Japanese meal everyday while living in that house with Haruto, but after two weeks at the castle I’ve started to miss it a lot too,” Miharu agreed with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“Right? That’s why both of you should come back soon. I’ll be waiting! Maybe Aki and Masato will also start missing Japanese meals and come back,” Satsuki said with a laugh.</p>

      <p>Rio and Miharu exchanged looks before nodding softly. “Perhaps.”</p>

      <p>“...And so, I’ll be waiting for you two to return. Masato left in such a cold way, and I don’t like emotional farewells, either. If I chat with you two for too long before you leave, I’ll end up crying in front of the people in the castle, so I’m going to say this now,” Satsuki said a little sadly, staring at Rio and Miharu. She took a deep breath to calm down. Then—</p>

      <p>“Take care, you two.” She smiled from the bottom of her heart as she saw them off.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After breakfast, before Rio and Miharu were due to leave the castle, they met with King Francois with Satsuki in tow.</p>

      <p>“Will you really be leaving the capital on foot?” Francois’ eyes widened when he heard the transport method Rio had chosen. As Haruto Amakawa, honorary knight of the Galarc Kingdom, he was an upper-class noble on par with a count. It would normally be unthinkable for someone like that to walk out of the city with no guards.</p>

      <p>However, inferior guards would only pose a burden in Rio’s case...</p>

      <p>“Yes—this is what we’re used to. If the worst happens, I can run while carrying Miharu, which would be faster than a carriage.”</p>

      <p>“Bwahaha. I see—fine, then. You don’t fit standards in a good way, after all,” Francois agreed with a smile. “Where will you be heading next?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve made a promise with a close friend, so for the time being I’ll be leaving the area under Your Majesty’s control and heading for a city to the west. I haven’t decided on anything beyond that, however...”</p>

      <p>Rio informed him of his general plans, stating that his plans were still rather vague. That being said, his answer wasn’t necessarily a lie. With Miharu’s situation settled for the time being, he wanted to do something to help Celia’s problems next, but it was up to her if she wanted him to do something about it so soon after they reunited.</p>

      <p>He had yet to tell Celia that her former fiancé, Charles Arbor, had attended the banquet, so he needed to inform her of the Beltrum Kingdom news he had obtained.</p>

      <p>“The west, hm? With the collar tab I have given you, every area of this kingdom will be accommodating to you. Friendly foreign nations should treat you as nobility. Though it may be a little strange to call you a noble of our kingdom when you are not bound by any duties... At any rate, do come to the castle regularly. Lady Satsuki and Charlotte will both be happy to see you,” Francois said with a laugh.</p>

      <p>“It would be an honor. Miharu would also enjoy that, so I promise to visit regularly.” Rio lowered his head respectfully.</p>

      <p>“...Good. Now, I shouldn’t keep you any longer. Charlotte, see them to the gate with Lady Satsuki.” Francois nodded.</p>

      <p>“I understand, Father. Please, come this way.” Charlotte immediately stood up, facing Rio, Miharu, and Satsuki seated across from her. The three of them stood up and bid their farewells to Francois before following Charlotte out of the room.</p>

      <p>After that, the four of them walked along the corridors of the castle and went outside to the gardens. Before long, they arrived at the gate.</p>

      <p>“See you later, then, Miharu. Haruto.” Satsuki spoke to them as though she was seeing off her family while they stepped out for a moment. She didn’t like emotional farewells, which was why she kept her words short and sweet. As she had informed them in advance, she didn’t have much to say.</p>

      <p>“Yes. We’ll be back soon,” Miharu answered, smiling a little sadly.</p>

      <p>“Let’s meet up again soon,” Rio said after Miharu.</p>

      <p>Satsuki ducked her head a little and nodded, then turned to look at Charlotte beside her. “Yup... Do you have something to say too, Char?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s see. Both of you—take care. And one more thing, Sir Haruto,” Charlotte said, addressing Rio.</p>

      <p>“Yes, what is it?” Rio tilted his head and asked.</p>

      <p>“You heard what Father said earlier, yes? That coming to the castle would make Lady Satsuki and me happy.”</p>

      <p>“Yes...” He had certainly heard that, but he couldn’t tell what Charlotte intended with her words, so he only nodded vaguely.</p>

      <p>“Then, would it not make you happy, Sir Haruto?” Charlotte puffed her cheeks up slightly and questioned Rio in a cute tone.</p>

      <p>Rio mustered an awkward smile. “Of course—nothing would make me happier than to see the two of you.”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, is that true?” Charlotte’s face sparkled with happiness.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Rio nodded with a faint smile.</p>

      <p>“In that case, how about going on a date with me the next time you visit? It’ll have to be inside the castle, though,” Charlotte said casually.</p>

      <p>“...Huh?” Even Rio couldn’t help but be surprised by that, his honest confusion slipping from his lips. Satsuki and Miharu were both wide-eyed with shock.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, hey. Didn’t you say you admired Haruto like an older brother? Is it okay for you to say things like that as a princess?” Satsuki asked in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“It isn’t that okay, but it’s just us here. None of you will go prattling about it, yes?”</p>

      <p>Because she trusted them. It was as though Charlotte was saying that with a truly pleased face. Indeed, there was no one else in the vicinity. There was a gatekeeper by the gate, but they were far enough to be out of earshot.</p>

      <p>“Of course we won’t... But even so... Don’t you think going on a date without someone you consider your older brother is a little too much?” Satsuki’s voice was oddly high-pitched, her face slightly panicked.</p>

      <p>“Hehe. It’s true that I considered him to be an older brother, but it turns out I was mistaken.” Charlotte tapped her index finger against her mouth, staring at Rio with a coquettish smile. “It seems I’ve started to harbor a liking to Sir Haruto personally.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>