<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: After the Uproar</h1>

      <p>After knocking Takahisa off his feet and leaping down from the enchanted ship, Rio held Miharu in his arms as he landed gracefully in the rooftop garden. Satsuki and Charlotte stood in waiting.</p>

      <p>“Haruto! Miharu! Are either of you hurt?!” As soon as Satsuki saw Rio with Miharu in his arms, she ran over in a hurry.</p>

      <p>“No, I’m fine. Thanks to Haru-ku... Haruto,” Miharu replied, glancing up at Rio’s face. She met his eyes, then looked down in embarrassment. At the same time, Rio had a faint smile tugging at his lips, before letting Miharu down onto her feet.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Satsuki seemed to sense the strange atmosphere as she watched Rio and Miharu’s expressions, wondering what on earth had happened. She was a little curious, but there were more important matters to address.</p>

      <p>“What about Takahisa?”</p>

      <p>“He’s still on the ship. Probably still knocked out,” Rio replied, looking up at the Centostella Kingdom’s enchanted ship flying far above them. The faint sense of guilt he felt was probably because he had punched Takahisa out of legitimate self-defense.</p>

      <p>Satsuki blinked. “Knocked out... Hehe, I see,” she giggled.</p>

      <p>“So what happens now?” Rio asked with a troubled expression.</p>

      <p>“Now... Takahisa’s the one at fault here, since he tried to kidnap Miharu. I guess we’d have to bring him back and question him properly about why he did this. And it’ll have to be before the royals,” Satsuki said, her words laced with fury towards Takahisa. She glanced back at Charlotte, who had followed her.</p>

      <p>“In that case, allow me to lead you three to Father,” Charlotte suggested calmly.</p>

      <p>Satsuki looked up at the sky. “But if we don’t bring Takahisa back first, the enchanted ship might sail away from the capital like this...”</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to worry. Sir Takahisa will be brought directly to the castle.” Charlotte spoke as though it was a settled matter.</p>

      <p>“What?” Satsuki asked in confusion. Was it really something to be so calm about?</p>

      <p>“The capital is currently surrounded by our kingdom’s enchanted ship fleet, so it would be extremely difficult for anyone to depart. Princess Lilianna is also with my father right now, so I cannot imagine the ship’s crew would forcibly charge through without their master on board. Doing so would even be considered a declaration of war against our kingdom,” Charlotte explained with a smile. It was almost as though she had planned for Takahisa’s rebellion in advance.</p>

      <p>“...I see.” Satsuki gazed at her in awe. No matter how she looked at it, the preparations were too thorough.</p>

      <p><em>...So an enchanted fleet has surrounded the capital, huh?</em> Charlotte’s explanation seemed a little odd to Rio, too.</p>

      <p>“...Why was the capital surrounded by an enchanted fleet?” Satsuki asked Charlotte.</p>

      <p>Charlotte looked at Rio as she answered. “Sir Haruto’s efforts have greatly altered the outcome, but these were originally arrangements made to prevent Sir Takahisa’s scheme from succeeding,” she smiled impishly.</p>

      <p><em>In other words, she knew that Miharu would be kidnapped</em>, Rio guessed immediately, but wondered why she would stay silent about it.</p>

      <p>Satsuki’s jaw dropped. “Char... Did you know that Takahisa was going to kidnap Miharu?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Charlotte nodded calmly. “I was half in doubt about whether he’d actually do so, but I had received warning from Princess Lilianna of the Centostella Kingdom in advance.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait, hold on! Does that mean you could have stopped Takahisa’s rampage before it escalated to this?” Satsuki objected in a fluster, but Charlotte remained calm as she answered.</p>

      <p>“I devised this as a backup plan precisely because that would be difficult. I avoided acting in advance out of fear of the worst case scenario occurring.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki regained her composure by hearing that and sighed. “The worst case scenario?”</p>

      <p>“A scenario where Sir Takahisa uses his divine arms to go on a rampage inside the castle before taking off with Lady Miharu on the spur of the moment, to put it simply. There would almost certainly be casualties if that were to happen, and we would lose track of both Lady Miharu and Sir Takahisa.”</p>

      <p>“Wha...” The Takahisa she knew would never do such a thing—that was the first thought that came to Satsuki’s mind, but she quickly accepted Charlotte’s conjecture as a possibility. Takahisa had, in fact, tried to kidnap Miharu after all.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah, I see your point. Takahisa was really backed into a corner.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for understanding. After the duel with Sir Haruto, Princess Lilianna learned of Sir Takahisa’s scheme and warned him against it, but he wasn’t in the right state of mind to discuss things properly. He threatened her with quitting his hero role and forcefully made her promise to assist in Lady Miharu’s kidnapping.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki looked pained to hear that. “I see...”</p>

      <p>“It would normally be Princess Lilianna’s duty to follow the will of her kingdom’s hero, but this time was an exception. She pretended to make various arrangements to assist Sir Takahisa while secretly making contact with Father for his support in stopping him. This all happened merely an hour ago,” Charlotte explained eloquently.</p>

      <p><em>She could see he was on the verge of running amok anyway, so she wanted to let him do so in a controlled environment, huh?</em> Rio guessed.</p>

      <p>“And so, we had to move as secretly as possible in order to prevent the crime from happening with what little time we had. As a result, we had to overlook the risk of Lady Miharu being momentarily kidnapped, which was very regrettable. I’d like to extend my most sincere apologies, Lady Miharu.” Charlotte finished her explanation with a sorrowful apology towards Miharu.</p>

      <p>“That’s okay, I’m here safe and sound now, thanks to Haruto.” Miharu reflexively shook her head at having a princess bow to her, but she stiffened upon making eye contact with Rio.</p>

      <p><em>For some reason, it seems as though Miharu keeps getting embarrassed whenever she looks at Haruto... But Haruto seems calm about it</em>, Satsuki observed quietly, analyzing the situation.</p>

      <p>“We laid out the plan and watched it proceed accordingly, but the only factor that exceeded our expectations was the extent of Sir Haruto’s abilities. Seeing you retrieve Lady Miharu so easily was beyond anything we could have imagined. Honestly, it was a stunning upset.” Charlotte looked at Rio with a mischievous smile.</p>

      <p>“It seems I went and made things worse instead. I apologize.” Rio solemnly bowed his head.</p>

      <p>“No, no, not at all. You were able to retrieve Lady Miharu sooner that way, so it was for the best. And personally, my heart has never fluttered as much as the moment I saw you leap from the castle. You were incredible, Sir Haruto. If Father caught wind of it, I believe he’d hold you in an even higher regard,” Charlotte said, gazing at Rio with more than just inquisitive heat. She proceeded to maintain fixed eye contact with him.</p>

      <p>Rio looked a little uncomfortable with being stared at for so long. “...I am honored.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Satsuki stared at Rio’s side profile. Miharu was also watching his face closely. When he noticed both of their gazes, Rio smoothed over his expression awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Hehe. Now, allow me to lead you all to Father. I’m sure there are some things to discuss before Sir Takahisa arrives as well.” Charlotte smiled alluringly and turned around to begin walking, but immediately came to a stop and spun back. “Ah, but first—there’s something I should probably tell you beforehand, as you may want to prepare yourselves before discussing this with Father present.”</p>

      <p>“What is it?” Satsuki looked at Charlotte and asked.</p>

      <p>“It’s the reason why I wasn’t able to inform everyone of the situation in advance. I believed it may be quite an unsettling matter to hear.” Charlotte looked a little somber as she looked from Satsuki to Miharu before finally glancing at Rio.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean...?” Satsuki stiffened faintly, exchanging looks with Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Lady Aki proactively cooperated in the kidnapping of Lady Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p>The truth that Charlotte thrust at them was more than enough to leave them shaken.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After that, Charlotte led Rio and the others into a meeting room of the Galarc castle reserved for royalty. They had been greatly bewildered by Aki’s cooperation in Miharu’s kidnapping, but decided to prioritize relocating to the room.</p>

      <p>Waiting inside the room was King Francois and First Princess Lilianna.</p>

      <p>“Lady Miharu...” Lilianna blinked at the sight of Miharu. She must have been surprised to see Miharu here after Takahisa had just caused an uproar.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Francois sent his daughter Charlotte a questioning look. <em>What exactly happened? Explain the situation</em>, his eyes said.</p>

      <p>Charlotte giggled at their reactions. “It may seem like an unforeseen circumstance has occurred, but there’s nothing to worry about. Sir Haruto simply flew into the sky and retrieved Lady Miharu himself,” she stated succinctly. Both Francois and Lilianna were taken aback by that, their surprise showing clear on their faces.</p>

      <p>“...Flew into the sky, you say?”</p>

      <p>In the Strahl region, the only means of flying were to board an enchanted ship or ride a flying mount. If Rio had flown under his own power, then it was indeed something to be taken aback by.</p>

      <p>“That’s exactly what I said. Sir Haruto used the power of his enchanted sword to leap into the sky and board the ship that Sir Takahisa was on. It seems like Sir Takahisa was knocked out onboard the ship, so it should be easy to bring him back,” Charlotte said happily, looking at Rio.</p>

      <p>Francois had been listening in a near-daze before he determined his daughter was telling the truth, then burst into hearty laughter. “...Ha! Hahaha! I see. It’s just one surprise after another with you, Haruto,” he said, looking at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for your kind words.” Rio bowed his head in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Now, how much have you told Satsuki and the others, Charlotte?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve already given them the general gist of how we were moving in secrecy, but it seems like they’re still a bit shocked by it all and have yet to accept the situation completely. While it’s easy to feel rage towards Sir Takahisa for directly committing the crime, there must be conflicted feelings towards Lady Aki for her secret involvement.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Well, that’s understandable.” Charlotte and Francois’ gazes turned towards Satsuki and Miharu, who were beside Rio.</p>

      <p>“Could you tell us more? I’d like to hear the details about why Takahisa and Aki decided to kidnap Miharu,” Satsuki asked, holding her breath quietly.</p>

      <p>Francois looked at Lilianna. “It would be best for Lilianna to answer that, as she was there. But have a seat first.”</p>

      <p>“Lady Satsuki and Lady Miharu can sit over there. Sir Haruto, please come this way.” Charlotte offered Satsuki and Miharu the empty seats of honor before softly entwining her arm around Rio’s and pulling him to sit with her.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me.” Rio sat in the seat Charlotte offered to him. Miharu and Satsuki exchanged a meaningful look after seeing them before they took their own seats.</p>

      <p>“Before you tell us, can I ask where Aki and Masato are right now?” Satsuki asked Francois.</p>

      <p>“We took them into our care as soon as the commotion started. Right now we’ve left them in another room and told them that an unexpected situation has occurred.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Please go on, then,” Satsuki said, looking at Lilianna.</p>

      <p>“Of course. I’ll start with Sir Takahisa’s motive behind this foolish act. As I’m sure you must know, Sir Takahisa has romantic feelings towards Lady Miharu,” Lilianna said, looking at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” Satsuki nodded naturally. Meanwhile, Miharu was taken aback and looked slightly uncomfortable. Rio continued listening without any particular change in expression.</p>

      <p>“That’s why Sir Takahisa was overjoyed to be reunited with Lady Miharu. But, at the same time, he was flustered. He panicked at the thought of a man he didn’t know getting close to Lady Miharu.”</p>

      <p>When he heard Lilianna’s explanation, a distant look appeared in Rio’s eyes. The situations were similar: in his previous life as Amakawa Haruto, he had spotted Miharu with Takahisa after entering high school. As a result, Amakawa Haruto had felt a strong sense of loss, but an even stronger feeling of panic.</p>

      <p>“Knowing that Lady Miharu strongly favored Sir Amakawa and knowing what kind of person Sir Amakawa is, Sir Takahisa’s panic gradually turned into a feeling of rivalry towards Sir Amakawa. Then, when Lady Miharu said she wanted to stay with Sir Amakawa, that rivalry transformed into undeniable jealousy.”</p>

      <p>In Takahisa’s case, the panic of losing Miharu had changed into a sense of rivalry and envy instead.</p>

      <p>“Envy can cloud a man’s judgment. This was especially so in Sir Takahisa’s case, as he tends to feel more strongly than other people. He can be immature and weak of heart, which was why he wasn’t able to view his situation objectively. He couldn’t accept reality, couldn’t face his own weakness. Unable to suppress his jealousy, he challenged Sir Amakawa to a duel, but he couldn’t give up on Lady Miharu despite his defeat... Resulting in the uproar over kidnapping Lady Miharu,” Lilianna said, giving her own analysis about Takahisa’s emotional state.</p>

      <p>“...” Both Satsuki and Miharu fell silent with pained expressions.</p>

      <p>“Sir Takahisa insisted that Lady Miharu would only be unhappy remaining with Sir Amakawa, so he sought a duel to pull them apart—but he actually just wanted Lady Miharu to remain by his side instead. He knew he would lose to Sir Amakawa before they even fought, but he was unwilling to accept that, and went on a childish tantrum like this instead...”</p>

      <p>Whether it was because she had been closest to him since he arrived in this world or because she had the observing eyes of royalty, Lilianna guessed at Takahisa’s emotions accurately.</p>

      <p>“I suppose I can understand that, if I <em>really</em> tried,” Satsuki said sullenly.</p>

      <p>“Even after being defeated by Sir Amakawa, Sir Takahisa couldn’t accept the thought of being separated from Lady Miharu. Lady Aki and I followed him into the castle after he departed the arena, and it was there that he said he had thought of a plan to keep Lady Miharu away from Sir Amakawa.”</p>

      <p>“He really is a child...” The more Satsuki listened, the greater her anger was building.</p>

      <p>“I proposed to Sir Takahisa that we returned to our kingdom. That he should put some distance between himself and Lady Miharu, in order to cool his head. But he immediately shot me down...” Lilianna said, smiling quite sadly. “Because I had emphasized the lack of options left for Sir Takahisa, he turned to the most destructive means he had left: to forcefully bring Lady Miharu to Centostella against her will...”</p>

      <p>Lilianna had tried to direct the conversation towards how unfeasible that would be, but unfortunately, Takahisa was past the point of reasoning by then.</p>

      <p>Satsuki was dumbfounded. “No way... He really just thought that would work?”</p>

      <p>“...Yes. He insisted that Lady Miharu would understand once they talked it out afterwards. It was my irresponsible words that caused all of this. Please accept my sincerest apologies.” Lilianna bowed her head, deeply regretful for her words.</p>

      <p>“No, no one in their right mind would go ahead with that...” Satsuki defended Lilianna while feeling extremely exasperated. Miharu seemed to agree with her, as she was nodding along.</p>

      <p>“However, the fact of the matter is that my words caused all this. I frantically tried to get Sir Takahisa to change his mind, but he wouldn’t listen to me at all. He said he would no longer return to Centostella if he couldn’t bring Lady Miharu with him, and that he would quit being a hero.”</p>

      <p>“...” Satsuki fell speechless once again.</p>

      <p>“If there is one thing that Princess Lilianna must prevent at all costs, it is the rebellion of the hero. For a kingdom that worships the Six Wise Gods, it would be a tragedy that could rock the land. It is a more than effective threat to make,” Francois added, joining the discussion after remaining silent up until that point.</p>

      <p>“If Lady Satsuki rebelled against us, our kingdom would also be in a world of trouble,” Charlotte added with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“I would never do such a thing when I’ve been given no reason to distrust our relationship,” Satsuki sighed, pressing her hand against her head.</p>

      <p>Charlotte chose not to press the matter any further, instead turning to Lilianna with an unrelated question. “That aside, there was one thing I was wondering. Why does Sir Takahisa think that Lady Miharu would only be unhappy with Sir Haruto?”</p>

      <p>“In the world that Lady Satsuki and Lady Miharu originally came from, the act of killing another person is extremely frowned upon. This is apparently relevant here because, well... It seems that Sir Amakawa has a history of doing so...” Lilianna explained awkwardly, looking at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Haruto is a wandering swordsman, so it would only be natural to kill bandits and the like in self-defense on his travels. The way Princess Lilianna puts it, this act sounds like it is condemned even in the case of legitimate self-defense. Is that so, Lady Satsuki?” Francois asked curiously.</p>

      <p>“Well... The country we came from did consider it to be socially unacceptable, even if it were for legitimate self-defense,” Satsuki answered a little bitterly.</p>

      <p>“Our world can also deem the killing of an individual to be murder depending on the time and situation, so it appears the biggest difference is in the way they condemn what we consider acceptable by our laws and order,” Francois hummed in interest. He then steered the conversation back to Lilianna. “I apologize for interrupting. Do continue with your story, Princess Lilianna.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Majesty,” Lilianna resumed her explanation with a frown. “From the moment he started thinking of Lady Miharu’s kidnapping as a realistic option, there was no way of changing Sir Takahisa’s mind. I tried to persuade him, but to no avail, so I asked Lady Aki to assist in persuading him, but...”</p>

      <p>“...What did Aki say to Takahisa?” Miharu asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“She asked if it wasn’t enough for her to be there instead of Lady Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“...And what was Takahisa’s answer?” Satsuki asked this time.</p>

      <p>Lilianna slowly shook her head. “Nothing in words. But it was the same as answering no, as that was when Lady Aki appeared—broken—as she offered to assist Sir Takahisa...”</p>

      <p>“I... see...” Both Satsuki and Miharu looked to be in anguish.</p>

      <p>“There was nothing more I could do after that. Because I had strongly opposed Sir Takahisa’s plans, he seemed to be a little wary of me, which caused tension between us...” Lilianna said vaguely, frowning.</p>

      <p>“So you ended up cooperating with Takahisa?” Satsuki guessed.</p>

      <p>“Yes. But only on the surface. At that point, I had given up on resolving this alone. I conceded my allegiance to Sir Takahisa then went behind his back to seek assistance from King Francois in resolving the situation.” She probably hadn’t wanted to betray Takahisa like this, as Lilianna’s expression showed glimpses of guilt.</p>

      <p>“Lady Miharu, Lady Satsuki, and Haruto. I apologize for not being able to inform you of the situation in advance.” A king should never lower his head so easily, but at that moment, Francois bowed his head in a solemn apology.</p>

      <p>“No, if anything, it’s my responsibility that things turned out like this... I’m very sorry for all the trouble I’ve caused everyone.” Miharu bowed her head in return, regretful of her own lack of action in confronting Aki. If only she hadn’t feared their relationship turning sour, if only she hadn’t passively remained beside Aki while ignoring the issue she had carried for many years...</p>

      <p>At that, Satsuki spoke up with a conflicted expression. “I also believe this was the best way for things to be handled, so if Miharu accepts it, then I have nothing more to add,” she said. While she had some objections to how the countermeasures that were planned had turned a blind eye to Miharu’s momentary kidnapping, she didn’t think she would have come up with a better solution if she were in Francois’ position. Speaking up would only worsen the situation into what Francois and Charlotte had feared.</p>

      <p>“As long as the two of them are in agreement, I have no objections, either,” Rio added, the final one of them to speak.</p>

      <p>“I see... That only leaves the matter of how to deal with Sir Takahisa and Lady Aki, then. On behalf of our kingdom, I would like to respect Lady Satsuki and Lady Miharu’s opinions first and foremost...” Francois finally touched upon the topic of how to deal with Takahisa and Aki and looked towards Satsuki and Miharu as the two people who came from the same hometown as the culprits.</p>

      <p>“Even if you ask us, Takahisa’s still a hero of the Centostella Kingdom, so there’s no way for us to give an opinion without hearing Princess Lilianna’s thoughts first...” Satsuki replied, passing the question on to Lilianna.</p>

      <p>“My kingdom will not treat Sir Takahisa as a criminal, but I do intend on enforcing some kind of punishment. I would like to come to an agreement on what that penalty involves,” Lilianna said firmly.</p>

      <p>“What kind of penalty were you thinking of?” Satsuki asked.</p>

      <p>“When I offered to cooperate in Lady Miharu’s kidnapping, I made Sir Takahisa sign a contract with me. He agreed to accept whatever punishment I decide on if he were to fail at the kidnapping attempt. There were several items detailed which I shall show you later, but if you have any requests then I am prepared to apply that penalty on Sir Takahisa,” Lilianna said fluently.</p>

      <p>“I see... I don’t think we’d be able to say anything for certain without seeing that contract, but...” Satsuki turned to Miharu. “What do you think?”</p>

      <p>Miharu’s face twisted in pain. “I... Instead of a punishment—and I don’t know if the current Takahisa will be capable of doing this—I’d like the two of them to think carefully about what they did wrong and apologize to everyone they’ve hurt, including Haruto.”</p>

      <p>Lilianna watched Miharu closely before opening her mouth with a slightly downcast look in her eyes. “Of course, if he sincerely wants to apologize, then that would be for the best, but as Lady Miharu said, it may not be possible for him to do that, with the way he is now. I believe the best penalty would be to show him that a simple apology won’t be enough to gain forgiveness. I don’t intend to forgive him so easily for this incident, either.” She wouldn’t just sweep it under the rug. There was a quiet fury to Lilianna’s words as she implied that.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, it wouldn’t benefit him to be forgiven so easily. I completely agree. What do you think, Haruto?” Satsuki asked.</p>

      <p>“I... am worried about how Aki will be treated for cooperating with Takahisa,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“I am prepared to bring her to my kingdom as originally planned, if she still wishes to do so. But I don’t have any particular punishment in mind, so if Lady Miharu and Lady Satsuki have any requests, then I shall arrange to fulfill them.” Just like with Takahisa’s case, Lilianna sought Miharu and Satsuki’s opinions for how to handle Aki.</p>

      <p>“I don’t believe Aki should be forgiven so easily, either. I’m sure Miharu will want to forgive Aki as soon as she sees her in pain, but that would be the biggest punishment and best for her own sake. That’s why I think it would be better for Miharu and Haruto to avoid seeing her for a while. What do you think?” After giving her opinion on the matter, Satsuki looked at Miharu first.</p>

      <p>Miharu pondered the reason why Aki would want to cooperate with Takahisa and found her own feelings wanting to remain by Aki’s side, so she forced those feelings down and nodded. “That’s... Yeah. That may be for the best.”</p>

      <p>It wouldn’t help Aki if Miharu continued to interact with her as she had until now. It would only cause the same thing to happen again.</p>

      <p>“What about you, Haruto?” Satsuki inquired.</p>

      <p>Rio had hesitated for a moment, but soon nodded. “...I have no objections. Does that mean that even if Aki states she wants to follow Miharu instead, she’d be made to stay with Takahisa? Is that correct?”</p>

      <p>“If that happens, I’ll watch over Aki instead, in which case I’ll have to ask for the Galarc Kingdom’s cooperation to allow her to stay here. Is that all right, King Francois?” Satsuki asked.</p>

      <p>“Of course. We were prepared to welcome your friends from the beginning,” Francois nodded easily.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much,” Satsuki bowed her head. Miharu followed her lead. Just then, someone knocked on the door of the meeting room.</p>

      <p>“Who is it?” Francois replied, but Charlotte stood up from her seat. They had ordered everyone else to leave, so there was no one else available to answer the door. Considering their positions, Rio couldn’t let a princess superior to him handle the errands, so he also stood up to accompany her.</p>

      <p>“I’ll get the door.”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, it’s like I’ve gained my own personal guard. How delightful.” Rio took the lead and opened the door, to Charlotte’s joy. On the other side of the door stood a knight different to the ones standing on guard.</p>

      <p>“The hero of the Centostella Kingdom has been brought to the castle. Shall I escort him here?” he reported, placing his right hand over his chest in a show of respect.</p>

      <p>“How is he acting? Any signs of struggling?” Francois asked from where he was seated.</p>

      <p>“None, Your Majesty. He does seem a little sullen, but is maintaining his silence.”</p>

      <p>“I see. In that case, let him wait in the room next door.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Majesty.” The knight bowed his head respectfully before departing. Rio quietly closed the door behind him.</p>

      <p>“Now, let us return, Sir Haruto.” Charlotte pressed up close against Rio as they returned to their seats.</p>

      <p>“What would you like to do? I have no reason to meet with Sir Takahisa before anyone else here,” Francois asked, looking at Satsuki and Lilianna.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to talk to Takahisa and Aki alone for a bit. On behalf of Miharu and Haruto, that is,” Satsuki requested.</p>

      <p>“In that case, Lady Aki shall be brought to the next room, too. Princess Lilianna, if you have anything to discuss with Sir Takahisa, you may head next door first,” said Francois.</p>

      <p>“No, it would be easier for me to speak with both Sir Takahisa and Lady Aki present, so I shall wait for Lady Aki to arrive. I can do so after Lady Satsuki speaks with them first,” Lilianna decided.</p>

      <p>“In that case, would you like to sit in, too, Princess Lilianna? We can discuss everything at once that way,” Satsuki asked, extending a request for Lilianna to join her.</p>

      <p>“I understand. Let’s go with that, then.” Lilianna nodded solemnly.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. Miharu and Haruto, could you go call Masato and explain things to him, then?” With Satsuki handling Takahisa and Aki, she entrusted Masato to Miharu and Rio.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, leave it to us.” A shadow fell over Miharu’s face as she nodded hesitantly. She had realized that now was not the time to meet the two of them.</p>

      <p>“Then I shall send a summons for Lady Aki and Sir Masato. Lady Aki will be led to the meeting room next door, and Sir Masato will be brought to this room,” said Francois.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Aki and Masato’s arrival was announced ten minutes later. Satsuki and Lilianna headed out while Masato took their place in the room with Rio and Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Haruto, Miharu—what on earth happened? Aki looked like a ghost the entire time before they led her to another room.” Masato had bumped into Satsuki while they were swapping rooms and was told to ask Rio and Miharu for the details, leaving him confused from the moment he entered the room.</p>

      <p>“We’ll explain everything. Have a seat first,” Rio said to Masato as calmly as possible.</p>

      <p>Francois, who was still present in the meeting room, stood up. “Hmm. Then Charlotte and I shall leave this to you, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for your consideration, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>Rio immediately stood up and bowed his head at Francois, his right hand over his heart. Miharu hurried to stand up and bow her head with Rio.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. I shall have Charlotte tell me of your heroic feats earlier. Let’s go.” Francois smiled happily and left the room with Charlotte, leaving Rio, Miharu, and Masato alone in the room.</p>

      <p>“How about you have a seat over here, Masato?” Miharu suggested Masato take the seat she had been in and moved to sit beside Rio.</p>

      <p>“Sure...” Masato sat down across from Rio and Miharu, watching their expressions carefully.</p>

      <p>“So, umm. This may come as a surprise to you, but...” Miharu began hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“Miharu, I can do the explaining,” Rio offered. He thought it cruel for Miharu to have to speak about it, as she was the victim in the situation.</p>

      <p>“W-What is it...?” Masato could feel the unusual mood in the air and stiffened cautiously.</p>

      <p>“I’m sure it’ll be a shock to hear this, so I’ll say it as simply as possible. Takahisa made an unsuccessful attempt to kidnap Miharu. Aki cooperated with him,” Rio said curtly.</p>

      <p>“...Wha?”</p>

      <p>Sure enough, Masato froze in shock.</p>

      <p>“Takahisa and Aki summoned us to that garden under the guise of saying farewell, when they actually intended to kidnap Miharu. After everyone split up and Miharu was left with Takahisa, he abducted her. Now, Satsuki and Princess Lilianna are talking to the two of them next door.”</p>

      <p>“...Are you serious?” Masato muttered in a daze.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’m serious. Some people in the castle spotted them and made a commotion, and Princess Lilianna herself testified as soon as she learned of their plans. Not to mention I was the one who retrieved Miharu from the enchanted ship,” Rio said, listing the facts in a stiff voice.</p>

      <p>“Argh... Damn it, what are those two doing...” Masato muttered, his face scrunched up on the verge of tears.</p>

      <p>“Masato...” Miharu bit down on her lip.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Miharu. For my brother and sister...” Masato apologized to Miharu as though it was his own mistake.</p>

      <p>“Don’t apologize, Masato. I was at fault, too. Even though I was the closest one to Aki, I continuously ignored the problem she carried in her heart...” Miharu said with an agonized expression, feeling guilt in her heart.</p>

      <p>“While I can’t say for sure that your thoughts are wrong, don’t you think they’re a little off the mark? The ones who should bear the burden of the crime are the criminals alone. Even bearing a part of the burden for someone who committed a crime won’t be of benefit to them. That’s why it’s not either of your faults. Of course, I have no intention of denying how important the two of them are to you, but if you don’t detach yourselves, you’ll just be contributing to a vicious cycle,” Rio said logically.</p>

      <p>“But... What should I do, then...?” Masato whispered, his voice barely audible. Rio’s words seemed to have reached his heart, but he still felt clueless.</p>

      <p>“What matters is what you <em>want </em>to do, not what you should do. Think about what you want to do, then reverse calculate what you can do about it. Reality may not work out that smoothly, as you may have many things you want to do and some of them may contradict with each other... Why don’t you give it some thought? Take some time to come to grips with the truth first, then think about it.” A faint shadow was cast over Rio’s face as he advised Masato in a gentle voice.</p>

      <p>“Haruto...” Masato murmured. He was deeply touched.</p>

      <p>“At the very least, I don’t think any of the blame should fall on you, Masato. The same goes for Miharu. You don’t believe Miharu’s at fault, either. Right, Masato?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah! Of course not!”</p>

      <p>“In that case, stop blaming yourself. You can start there.”</p>

      <p>“All right...” Masato nodded his head obediently.</p>

      <p>“You, too.” Rio looked at Miharu beside him.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay.” Miharu was so absorbed in Rio’s words, she flinched when she was suddenly addressed.</p>

      <p>“Please don’t take on more responsibility than you need to. If you really treasure the two of them, instead of bearing the weight of their crimes, become their support, even if that means you need to be harsh and push them away. That’s why it would be better to stay away from them for a while, don’t you think?”</p>

      <p>“...Yes, that’s right.”</p>

      <p>“So please stop blaming yourself. That’s all I wanted to say,” Rio said in conclusion, shrugging his shoulders with a sigh.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>