<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Escape</h1>

      <p>“S... Sweet Celia?! Why are you here?!” Roland Claire shouted at the sight of his daughter in the hidden basement of his home. Her being here was truly right out of the blue.</p>

      <p><em>S-Sweet Celia? </em>For a moment, Rio doubted his ears.</p>

      <p>“Father, I asked you to stop calling me that...” Celia said to Roland with a strained smile. He spread his arms and hugged her.</p>

      <p>“Have you been well? I was delighted to find your letter and hear that you were safe after you were taken away from the wedding, but I worried so much.”</p>

      <p>“I’m very sorry for doing such a thing without informing you...”</p>

      <p>“No, you did the right thing. If I had to give that piece of shit your hand in marriage, I’d rather you remained unmarried for the rest of your life!” Roland stressed. It seemed like he doted on his daughter quite a bit. Roland was slender and on the slightly smaller side, but his dignity and spirit made him seem like a youthful middle-aged man. However, he appeared rather sloppy at the moment.</p>

      <p>“Umm, Father. We’re standing front of Princess Christina, so please watch what you do and say,” Celia said with a strained expression.</p>

      <p>“O-Oh, that’s right. Hmm. I had information to pass on to the princess, too, but...” Roland looked conflicted. He surely had many things he wanted to ask Celia, such as where she went after she left the castle, and what she was doing here now...</p>

      <p>“If you’re really short on time, please speak with Professor Celia first. It’s your long-awaited reunion, after all,” Christina said, understanding how Roland must be feeling.</p>

      <p>After all his hesitation, Roland made a decision. “...No, I shall make my report to you first, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>The situation must be dire, Christina realized, causing her to stiffen.</p>

      <p>“I understand. It doesn’t seem like it’ll be good news, but please let me hear it.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The truth is, the capital has sent additional search teams, and they’re being led by Charles Arbor. A distrustful and despicable man who uses everything within his means. He deemed the mansion to be the most suspicious location and has called for all the city’s carpenters to gather tomorrow and dismantle my house in search of hidden rooms. He’s even prepared a seizure warrant from His Majesty to make sure I cannot refuse. There’s absolutely no time left,” Roland explained as he watched Celia with a conflicted expression. Celia looked pained to hear that Charles was so close by.</p>

      <p>Christina looked at Rio imploringly. “...Sir Amakawa. Is it possible to leave tonight?”</p>

      <p>“It is. There’s no other time than tonight to leave, it seems,” Rio answered immediately.</p>

      <p>“...Your Highness, who is this boy?” Roland looked at Rio and tilted his head.</p>

      <p>“He’s the newly-appointed honorary knight of the Galarc Kingdom, Sir Haruto Amakawa.”</p>

      <p>“Honorary knight? At such a young age? But what is a noble of Galarc doing here...?”</p>

      <p>“Sir Amakawa is the one who brought Professor Celia to this underground room,” Christina explained.</p>

      <p>“W-What? How did you get around all the security guards outside...? No, wait. If you’re the one who brought Celia here, then are you...?” Roland looked at Rio in surprise.</p>

      <p>“I am also the one who took Lady Celia from her wedding,” Rio stated.</p>

      <p>“O-Oh my... H-Hmm.” Roland stared closely at Rio’s face and hummed.</p>

      <p>“Father, like I previously wrote in the letter I left here, I was the one who decided to flee from that wedding. Haruto simply granted me that wish.” Celia emphasized that it was her own intention to run away from the wedding ceremony, shifting all of the responsibility away from Rio.</p>

      <p>“...I know that. So you’re the one who saved Celia. Sir Haruto Amakawa, please allow me to thank you.” Roland placed his right hand over his chest and bowed his head at Rio.</p>

      <p>“No, I was the one who pushed her into questioning whether she wanted to be married in such a way. I apologize for causing you any degree of concern.” Rio bowed his head back in apology.</p>

      <p>“I thought my heart would stop after she was kidnapped, but it resulted in her escape from marrying Charles, I suppose. I’ll let you off with a single blow from the fire magic <em>Ignium</em>,” Roland stated with a refreshing smile.</p>

      <p>“Father! Please don’t misunderstand. I was the one who decided to leave the castle. The responsibility is on me, not Haruto. If you wish to blame anyone, blame me. I’m the one at fault!” Celia pouted in objection.</p>

      <p>“No, you can never be wrong!” Roland denied immediately.</p>

      <p>“Then you’re not wrong, either, right?” Celia confirmed.</p>

      <p>“But of course!” Roland nodded, beaming with his entire face.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>