<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Farewell, Onto a New Journey</h1>

      <p>The morning after Masato informed the residents of the stone house of his decision to go to Centostella, he was accompanied by Rio and the others to go and discuss things with Lilianna. There, he explained his thoughts and asked for Lilianna’s permission to go to Centostella to help Takahisa and Aki turn over a new leaf.</p>

      <p>Lilianna didn’t have any confidence in her own ability to assist Takahisa and Aki right now, so she welcomed Masato with a deep bow of her head. It was decided that Masato would move from Satsuki’s quarters to Lilianna’s from that night onwards.</p>

      <p>They would depart from the Galarc Kingdom in two days’ time, and in that time he would visit Satsuki’s quarters often to report on Takahisa and Aki’s status. Apparently, they had gotten into a huge fight right off the bat, and were currently giving each other the cold shoulder.</p>

      <p>Then, the day of their departure finally came. In the central garden of the Galarc castle, Masato and Lilianna exchanged farewells with Rio, Miharu, and Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“Later, then. I’ll be going now.”</p>

      <p>“Take care, Masato.”</p>

      <p>“You too, Miharu,” Masato grinned brightly.</p>

      <p>“Don’t push yourself too hard, and stay out of trouble. I know you’re a picky eater, so make sure you eat balanced meals, okay?” Miharu was worrying so much like a mother, Masato could only nod with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I know.”</p>

      <p>“Aki and Takahisa, too... Take care of them.”</p>

      <p>“Of course. Leave the two of them to me. I’m in the middle of a huge fight with Takahisa, but I’ll fight with him as much as I need to. Rather than worrying about me, you should focus on supporting Haruto the best you can, Miharu,” Masato said, looking at Rio.</p>

      <p>“I won’t do anything that would inconvenience Miharu,” Rio chuckled.</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I meant...” Masato glanced at Miharu and decided not to say anything that would anger her, changing the topic smoothly instead. “Oh well. Take care, Haruto. I’ll continue practicing my sword over there, as well, so I’ll show you my growth next time.”</p>

      <p>“...Yeah.” Rio seemed to sense what Masato was hinting at, as he nodded rather awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“You take care, too, Satsuki,” Masato said.</p>

      <p>“I will. I’ll always be in the castle, so you have to send me letters regularly, okay? If I don’t receive any letters I’ll assume something happened and march over there,” Satsuki said jokingly.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, got it,” Masato agreed lightly. Beside him stood Lilianna, who smiled.</p>

      <p>“While letters are important, I can promise to bring Sir Masato to the Galarc Kingdom on a regular basis. Our kingdom is closed off, but I am much indebted to everyone and vow to do my best. I understand if you do not wish to visit, but if you do, I will welcome you,” she said with a respectful bow.</p>

      <p>“That isn’t the case at all. Please show us around Centostella one day.”</p>

      <p>“Gladly,” Satsuki giggled, making Lilianna smile in return.</p>

      <p>Masato rubbed his nose shyly. “...Shall we get going, then? Talking any longer will just make me feel sad,” he suggested to Lilianna.</p>

      <p>“Sure, if that is what you wish,” Lilianna nodded warmly.</p>

      <p>“Hehe. See you all, then. I really don’t like depressing moods, so let’s part with a smile, yeah?” Masato said with a mischievous smile.</p>

      <p>“I’ll write you lots of letters, too. Feel free to write to me if you’re ever worried about anything,” Satsuki said to Masato’s back as he departed.</p>

      <p>“I will, thanks!” Masato turned back and thanked her before leaving with a wave. Lilianna followed from diagonally behind him, and her attendant Frill silently followed at a distance.</p>

      <p>“There he goes. Gosh, did you see him show off? Since when did he act so similarly to a certain someone, I wonder,” Satsuki said, glancing at Rio’s side profile.</p>

      <p>“Do you mean... Takahisa?” That was the only name that came to Rio’s mind, but—</p>

      <p>“Nope, not that,” Satsuki denied.</p>

      <p>“Hehe.” Miharu seemed to have an idea who that someone was, as she was giggling in amusement.</p>

      <p>“Well, it seems like that someone is completely oblivious, so if anything, he’s more like a copycat, I guess,” Satsuki sighed.</p>

      <p>“...?” Rio simply cocked his head in confusion.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After Masato parted with Rio and the others, he walked forward without stopping. Knowing he would feel reluctant to leave if he turned back, he chose to walk forward in silence. Lilianna followed diagonally behind him in silence, as well.</p>

      <p>“You’re very strong, Sir Masato,” she said to him warmly.</p>

      <p>“...I am?” Masato slowed down and cocked his head in wonder.</p>

      <p>“From what I can see, yes.”</p>

      <p>“How so?”</p>

      <p>“I believe the ability to act for someone else’s sake without expecting anything in return is the embodiment of a strong mind. Most people would normally think so highly of themselves, they would never make a sacrifice for another person’s well-being. Even if that person was their own family,” Lilianna said, frowning slightly.</p>

      <p>“...Haha.” Masato looked shy for a moment. “If you’re going to say that, then Haruto’s much stronger than me. He did all sorts of things to help us out without anything in return.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, Sir Amakawa is a very wonderful person,” Lilianna nodded with a soft smile.</p>

      <p>“...Do you like men like Haruto, Princess Lilianna? Have you fallen for Haruto?” Masato asked curiously. As far as Masato knew, all the women around Rio had fallen for him without exception. That was why he wondered how Rio appeared to Lilianna, since she only became acquainted recently and was less familiar with him.</p>

      <p>Lilianna blinked in wonder. “Goodness, no. I am not familiar enough with Sir Amakawa to feel any such adoration for him. Even if I did, Sir Amakawa already has so many lovely ladies surrounding him—there would be no place for me.” She shook her head with a hearty laugh.</p>

      <p>“No, no, Miharu and Satsuki are beautiful, but Princess Lilianna is just as beautiful in my eyes...” Masato said in exasperation to Lilianna’s self-depreciation of her own beauty.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m grateful for the flattery.”</p>

      <p>“No no, it wasn’t flattery... If anything, you’re closer to my ideal type of woman,” Masato said shyly.</p>

      <p><em>After all, both Miharu and Satsuki are both too familiar to me.</em></p>

      <p>Their image as his guardians was too strong—he couldn’t see them in any other way.</p>

      <p>Lilianna blinked before staring in amazement. “Well, I suppose I’m very happy and honored to hear that...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, that wasn’t an attempt at flirting, yeah? Of course, I’d love to marry a woman as wonderful as you someday in the future, though,” Masato added in a hurry. He was talking to an older woman—a princess, no less—who he hadn’t known for long, so his tone was stiffer than normal, but he was still his usual innocent self.</p>

      <p>“Hehe. I’m sure you will grow into a wonderful young gentleman in a few years, but if I’m still unmarried by then, I’d be considered a royal spinster. If you don’t mind marrying a mature-aged woman, then I shall happily accept your offer,” Lilianna said with an amused giggle. It felt like she had gained a fun little brother, causing her to joke around with him lightly.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh?! D-Don’t make fun of me!” Masato yelled, blushing furiously.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Wasn’t it you who made fun of me first?”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>