<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>At the same time, Christina and Celia’s group had made it through the wheat fields and were running down the road through the forest.</p>

      <p>“Hah... Hah... How much further... do we have to run?” Kouta panted.</p>

      <p>“Keep going! Don’t waste a single second of the time Sir Amakawa bought us!” Vanessa yelled from where she ran in the lead.</p>

      <p>“Eek...” Kouta’s upperclassman, Rei, wailed in a pitiable voice.</p>

      <p>Celia and Christina were in a similar state, having already passed the limits of their stamina long ago. However, they shared Vanessa’s feelings and continued running desperately.</p>

      <p>Ten more seconds passed like that, when everything in Vanessa’s field of view suddenly went dark.</p>

      <p>“...What?” She looked up towards the sky, questioning.</p>

      <p>“MROOOR!”</p>

      <p>A pitch-black minotaur came falling out of the sky with a rumbling impact. On top of that—</p>

      <p>“ROOOAR!”</p>

      <p>Crash. There was another one behind them.</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p>The party had come to a stop before they realized it, staring upwards in a daze.</p>

      <p>“What... are those...?” Rei stiffened.</p>

      <p>“That... was at the academy during the outdoor drill that one time...” Christina recalled the time they encountered a minotaur at the academy’s outdoor drill and paled.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s a minotaur! W-Why is it here?!” Celia, who had actually witnessed one before, yelled.</p>

      <p>“MROO!”</p>

      <p>“BRREH HEH!”</p>

      <p>The minotaurs laughed heartily with their warped faces.</p>

      <p>“T-There’s more... coming from the forest...”</p>

      <p>Vanessa was about to suggest escaping into the forest when a group of orcs noisily made their way out from between the trees. They were completely surrounded on all sides.</p>

      <p>With none of them able to move, they stood there as still as can be. Then, the minotaur behind Celia extended its left hand, reaching for Christina. However—</p>

      <p>“MROOR?!”</p>

      <p>The black giant was unable to grab onto her body, as it was blown away forcefully from the side, crashing into the orcs by the forest loudly. Meanwhile, the spot where the head of the minotaur had just been was replaced by Alma.</p>

      <p>“A-Alma?!” Celia muttered her name in shock. Alma must have swung her mace into the minotaur’s head from behind, as she landed on the ground in a stance to catch her momentum.</p>

      <p>“Guh... Grrguh...” The beaten-up minotaur tried to stand up weakly, but failed.</p>

      <p>“We’ll cover you! Please fall back!”</p>

      <p>Another voice that Celia recognized rang out. A silver flash passed by her—it was the silver werewolf, Sara. Sara approached the minotaur struggling to get up and cut off its head without giving it a chance to react.</p>

      <p>“Grr...”</p>

      <p>The defeated minotaur disappeared into ashes. However, the area was still swarmed with orcs, some which had been crushed just moments ago. Sara immediately stepped back and distanced herself from the remaining orcs.</p>

      <p>She was replaced by a rain of countless light arrows, piercing through the bodies of the orcs gathered. The one who attacked was the high elf standing ten or so meters away from the group—Orphia—holding a bow.</p>

      <p>“W-Why... are you guys...?” Celia asked the newly-arrived, dumbfounded. The three of them had the physical traits of their species altered into human ears through magic artifacts.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>