<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“We came to assist. Was it unnecessary?” Sara asked a little awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“N-No, you saved us...”</p>

      <p>“It’s not over yet. Let’s clean up the remaining big guy and the orcs in the forest,” Alma said, holding the mace in her hand ready.</p>

      <p>“Celia, please fall back to where Orphia is with the others.” Sara glared at the minotaur standing before them.</p>

      <p>Christina was bewildered by the rapidly-changing situation. She turned to Celia in confusion. “P-Professor Celia, who are these girls...?”</p>

      <p>“These three are Haruto’s friends. At any rate, everyone! Come this way!” Celia gave a short answer and pulled Christina’s arm, giving an order to Rei and Kouta standing beside them on the way. Meanwhile, Vanessa was holding her sword up against the orcs.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay...” Despite how she had stiffened up, Christina retreated at Celia’s guidance.</p>

      <p>“MROOOR!” The remaining minotaur roared to intimidate the escaping party and leaped into the air.</p>

      <p>“Did you think we would falter at something like that?” Alma looked up at the minotaur in disgust.</p>

      <p>“We’ve been underestimated, it seems. Orphia, force it back!” Sara glared at the minotaur sharply as she directed Orphia behind her.</p>

      <p>“Yup!” With a nod, Orphia quickly fired arrows of light from her bow. The thick beams of light flew straight through the air and towards the body of the soaring minotaur.</p>

      <p>“Gragh?!”</p>

      <p>The minotaur promptly used the stone greatsword in its hand to block the arrows, but was knocked back by the impact.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Christina watched the scene with wide eyes. The attack just now had enough power to be a higher class of intermediate magic, yet it was impossible to fire that in less than a second with the knowledge within Strahl region.</p>

      <p><em>Could that bow be an ancient artifact? </em>She looked at the beautiful bow in Orphia’s hand. However, while she pondered that, Alma and Sara abruptly disappeared.</p>

      <p>“Alma, slam it into the ground! I’ll finish it off!”</p>

      <p>“You don’t need to tell me twice.”</p>

      <p>Sara started dashing in the direction the minotaur was blown in while Alma leaped high into the air with her mace braced. The two of them had physical abilities that far surpassed those of humans.</p>

      <p>“MROR?!” Alma, with her petite size, slammed her mace into the minotaur’s giant body, making it rapidly change directions and crash into the ground.</p>

      <p>Sara caught up to the minotaur in the brief moment its body was rebounding back into the air and cleanly sliced off its head. The next time the pitch black body hit the ground, it dispersed into ash.</p>

      <p>This left the orcs lurking in the forest.</p>

      <p>“Grr, guh...”</p>

      <p>The violent orcs seemed to be cowering after watching the minotaurs get overwhelmed so easily.</p>

      <p>“Gragh?!”</p>

      <p>Orphia released numerous arrows of light at once, eliminating the orcs in a matter of moments. Each arrow was pinpoint-accurate with no sign of missing their targets. As a result, the orcs were completely wiped out in a flash.</p>

      <p>“...There are no more presences.”</p>

      <p>“It seems like all the monsters have been eliminated.”</p>

      <p>Sara and Alma swept their eyes over the forest around them as they approached Celia and the others.</p>

      <p>“Good work, you two,” Orphia giggled.</p>

      <p>“?!”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the three of them assumed their battle stances towards the forest. The next moment, a black flash of light weaved its way through the trees, aiming their way—but it wasn’t targeted at Sara, Orphia, Alma, nor Celia.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>The target was Christina.</p>

      <p>By the time they realized this, the rapidly-moving black light was right before their eyes and they were unable to move, rooted to the spot. It was the perfect surprise attack with no trace of the assailant—nobody present was able to react.</p>

      <p>It was too late to evade. Just as they thought that, a dark shadow cut before Christina. It was, of course—</p>

      <p>“...H-Haruto!”</p>

      <p>Celia’s eyes shined the moment she recognized him. Rio held his sword in his hand to take on the black light from head-on—when, the next moment, he swung his sword and completely erased the light.</p>

      <p><em>Clap, clap, clap.</em> Just then, someone started applauding from within the forest. The sound of the clapping gradually grew louder until a person soon appeared.</p>

      <p>“Ah, how splendid. I was thinking of assisting when you all encountered so many unforeseen enemies, but they were taken care of so quickly.”</p>

      <p>Reiss clapped as he walked out of the forest, commending Rio and the others.</p>

      <p>“...You.” Rio narrowed his eyes. It was a face he recognized—the person who had taken Lucius away after he cornered him during the monster attack on Amande.</p>

      <p>“I’m honored that you remember me. My name is Reiss, a member of the Heavenly Lions.” Reiss introduced himself not as an ambassador of the Proxia Empire, but as a mercenary.</p>

      <p>“After Amande, I’m assuming these monsters were your doing as well?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“Why, I would never. How could one even control such monsters? Didn’t I just say I was thinking of assisting?” Reiss shrugged, exaggerating his feigned ignorance.</p>

      <p>“Then what was that final attack you aimed at Princess Christina?”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, are you accusing me?”</p>

      <p>“Who else could it be?”</p>

      <p>“There could be another enemy hiding, no?” Reiss answered with a grin.</p>

      <p>“The enemy is you.” Rio glared at Reiss with suspicion. The same went for everyone else present.</p>

      <p>“No, no, I have no intention of fighting here. I was just visiting Cleia by chance when I noticed you, so I thought I’d say hello. It seemed like you were caught up in your own business, so I couldn’t find the right timing to do so,” Reiss said in a smooth voice. He suddenly remembered something and added in a delighted tone, “Oh, that’s right. The one you have a connection with is doing quite well, too.”</p>

      <p>“...Where is Lucius?” Rio asked coldly.</p>

      <p>Celia and the others around them listened silently to the conversation, unable to keep up with the situation, but they noticed the air around Rio was more tense than usual and gulped.</p>

      <p>“He holds a fairly large grudge towards you, so you’ll be reunited sooner or later. From the avenger to the avengee, if you will... Human karma is a truly difficult concept. Wouldn’t you agree?”</p>

      <p>Reiss smiled provocatively, but Rio’s expression did falter.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t that right, Rio?” Reiss said with a grin.</p>

      <p>“Guh...”</p>

      <p>Celia, Sara, Orphia, and Alma swallowed their breath on Rio’s behalf. How did he know Rio’s name, they wondered. But on the other hand—</p>

      <p><em>...Rio? Wh...?!</em></p>

      <p>Christina was wide-eyed as she stared at the back of the person who just saved her. Instantly, all her suspicions about the person named Haruto Amakawa were answered, everything connecting together like a puzzle. She inadvertently gulped. It wasn’t as though she accepted it as the absolute truth. Perhaps, just perhaps... Such feelings of denial also rose within her. But, despite that...</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Rio lifted his sword and watched Reiss sharply, ready to slice into him at a moment’s notice.</p>

      <p>“Oh dear. I will take my leave now, so please put away that dangerous-looking sword.” Reiss held both his hands out before him, dramatically stating his refusal to fight.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Rio continued glaring at Reiss, expression unchanged.</p>

      <p>“Of course, I can keep you company if you insist, but if you dawdle around here the pursuers may catch up, no? You seem to have multiple burdensome people in tow... it would be a shame if they were targeted first in battle. Would you be able to protect them all if it came down to it? You don’t even know the limits of my power yet, hmm?”</p>

      <p><em>Do you still want to try, anyway?</em> Reiss’ smile implied.</p>

      <p>“...Disappear before I change my mind.”</p>

      <p>“My my, how scary. Then, if you would excuse me.”</p>

      <p>At that, Reiss retreated back into the forest. Rio watched his back with a grim expression.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>