<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Interlude: The Pursuers</h1>

      <p>While Rio and Celia were walking around the city of Cleia during the day, Count Claire’s estate was welcoming some honored guests.</p>

      <p>A dozen or so men walked down the hallway. In the lead was the man formerly engaged to Celia, her ex-fiance Charles Arbor. Immediately behind him was Beltrum Kingdom’s strongest swordsman, the King’s Sword Alfred Emarle, and the hero Shigekura Rui. Further behind them were Charles’ knight subordinates.</p>

      <p>“Has Princess Christina still yet to be found?!” Charles yelled in irritation as he threw open the doors of the room acting as the headquarters of the search party set up in the mansion.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Charles! I see you have made the long journey from the capital. I apologize for not coming to meet you!” The knight in charge of the search party had been seated at the desk glaring at documents, but he leaped to his feet in a hurry to salute them.</p>

      <p>“Forget that. Where’s Princess Christina?”</p>

      <p>“S-Sir! The search is ongoing, but we are yet to find her!”</p>

      <p>“You better be searching properly.”</p>

      <p>“O-Of course, Sir!”</p>

      <p>“And Count Claire?”</p>

      <p>“He insists that he doesn’t know anything. We’ve placed him under house arrest to monitor him, and he hasn’t shown any suspicious movements so far. Are you sure Princess Christina came this way?”</p>

      <p>“I am. Not only is Cleia en route from the capital to the Restoration headquarters in Rodania, Count Claire is the only noble on the side of the crown who would assist the princess. He’s the only noble of that faction who departed from the capital at the same time as her disappearance, too,” Charles stated in irritation.</p>

      <p>“However, if that were the case, she may have already departed from the city...”</p>

      <p>“That’s why we have personnel divided to all the nearby cities and roads. And, even if she has left the city already, we need to obtain evidence of Count Claire’s collaboration.”</p>

      <p>“There’s still the possibility that Count Claire really wasn’t involved...”</p>

      <p>“...Are you a fool?” Charles asked, briskly closing in on the search party captain.</p>

      <p>“The First Princess vanished from the capital. Who will take responsibility for that? Hmm? Will it be you? Are you the mastermind behind it?” he whispered in his ear.</p>

      <p>“...N-No, Sir.” The search party captain shook his head fearfully.</p>

      <p>“Then gather all the carpenters in the city here tomorrow,” Charles suddenly said.</p>

      <p>“...Huh?” The captain was stunned, unable to understand the reason why carpenters needed to be summoned.</p>

      <p>“They’ll be used to threaten the count. Just summon them here. I’ll speak to Count Claire myself,” Charles said with a twisted grin.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, Sir! Understood!”</p>

      <p>“Good reply. Now, rejoice.” Charles turned around and introduced Rui and Alfred standing behind him. “Some reliable figures will be cooperating with the search party. This is our kingdom’s hero, Sir Rui Shigekura, and the King’s Sword, Alfred. Though it pains me to cause such trouble for Sir Rui like this...” He pressed his hand against his forehead, expressing his grief for making Rui assist them.</p>

      <p>“My friend and upperclassman disappeared, as well, so I’m more than happy to help out. I look forward to working with you.” Rui pasted a cheerful smile on his face as he greeted the search party captain.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s an honor, Sir!” The knight captain saluted nervously.</p>

      <p>“And so, Sir Rui, you will be moving in a pair with Alfred for the search party. You may also use my other personnel if needed.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, leave it to me.” Rui nodded easily.</p>

      <p>“Alfred, protect Sir Rui with your life, got it? Your little sister is complicit in this. You must take your own share of responsibility.” Charles narrowed his eyes at Alfred threateningly.</p>

      <p>“...I am aware.” Alfred nodded quietly. Just then, a knock sounded on the door of the search party headquarters.</p>

      <p>“Who is it? Enter,” Charles turned to the door and said.</p>

      <p>One of the guard soldiers entered the room, saluting them once before opening his mouth to pass on a message.</p>

      <p>“Sir Charles, someone identifying themselves as your old friend Jean Bernard has arrived. What would you like to do?”</p>

      <p>“...Jean Bernard? W-What? Why... N-No, lead him to a room immediately. Treat him with respect. I shall head there immediately.” At Charles’ order, the knight saluted once more before departing quickly.</p>

      <p>“Who is that? I haven’t heard that name before,” Alfred immediately inquired.</p>

      <p>“It was mentioned already. He’s my friend. One I have known for a long time.”</p>

      <p>“Is this the time to be meeting with old friends? How did he know you were here when we only just arrived ourselves?”</p>

      <p>“He must have been in this city by coincidence and witnessed us entering the estate. I cannot keep him waiting, so I will go now. Sir Rui, please excuse me,” Charles said, immediately turning on his heel and leaving the room.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Charles immediately moved to the drawing room to wait for Jean Bernard’s arrival. Less than a minute later, his arrival was announced.</p>

      <p>“Jean Bernard is here.”</p>

      <p>“Let him through. Don’t let anyone else inside,” Charles ordered.</p>

      <p>Reiss soon entered the room. “Why, if it isn’t Sir Charles. We just met at the banquet the other day, but how have you been faring since then?” He gave a friendly smile as he bowed politely.</p>

      <p>“...Should I be referring to you as Lord Bernard right now, Lord Reiss? How did you know I was in this city?” Charles asked, wanting to know the details of why Reiss was here.</p>

      <p>“Oh, no—I was simply tracking the movements of someone I’m curious about and ended up in this city. I noticed a rather heavy atmosphere, then found you in the midst of it, so I thought I’d at least say hello. I named myself Jean Bernard, as the Proxia Empire ambassador being here would probably cause a bit of a stir and arouse needless suspicions,” Reiss said, smiling with profound meaning.</p>

      <p>“Is that so? What a coincidence it was, then.” Charles frowned regrettably. “I would love to give you a proper welcome, but, as you can see, we’re all a little busy right now.”</p>

      <p>“Keep it between you and me; if you’re facing some kind of trouble, I can offer my support. Did something happen?” Reiss asked with a worried expression.</p>

      <p>“The truth is... Well, we suspect a felon has concealed themselves in this city, so we’re investigating that.” Charles was about to explain the situation in detail, but stopped with just a vague description instead. No matter how much he trusted the other man, he hesitated to tell a foreigner that the princess escaped her supervision in the castle.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, that sounds dangerous, indeed. If you are moving directly, then that felon must have committed a grave sin.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, well. I wouldn’t describe them as villainous, but they are cunning,” Charles said, thinking of Christina.</p>

      <p>“I see... Well, I shouldn’t interfere with the matter of another kingdom too much. It wouldn’t do for me to hinder you from your duties any longer, so I shall excuse myself now.” Reiss seemed to read the room and offered.</p>

      <p>“My apologies. I must meet with Count Claire now. If you are staying inside the city, I can have a guest room prepared for you...”</p>

      <p>“No, I have already secured lodgings, so there’s no need to concern yourself,” Reiss said, standing up.</p>

      <p>“I see... I’m truly regretful that I couldn’t offer better hospitality. Let us speak more leisurely the next time we meet.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, gladly. Now if you would excuse me.” Reiss nodded with an empty smile and left the room.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>