<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Hero Laughs While Walking the Path of Vengeance a Second Time</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter031">
<p>“What a pain—this thing’s not even the dungeon boss, and yet it’s so strong.”</p>
<p>Cursed weapons were relatively rare, and I had encountered so few over the four years I’d traveled this world that I could count them on one hand. They granted enormous power, but at great cost. The effects alone made them very difficult to use, but as if that weren’t bad enough, cursed weapons also had wills of their own and could <em>devour</em> the minds of wielders they deemed unsuitable, causing the users to lose their minds and do nothing but rampage wildly.</p>
<p>In that sense, it seemed to consider the goblin a suitable host. The fact that its status said <em>OK</em> meant that its soul hadn’t yet been fully devoured. That was clear from the way it still acted rationally, but its movements were being guided by the blade.</p>
<p>“Gaaaaaargh!”</p>
<p>“Ugh, this is gonna suck.”</p>
<p>I’d fought enemies with cursed weapons before, but I never really struggled. They were weak to the holy magic of the priestess, and I could pick good soul blades to deal with them, not to mention I was much stronger back then. Things were different now. That priestess was one of my sworn enemies, and I hadn’t unlocked my more powerful soul blades yet. Facing this foe head-on was a bad idea.</p>
<p>“Gaaaaargh!”</p>
<p>“Hup! Hah… Hup!”</p>
<p>I moved my soul blade and sidestepped the incoming blow. As it swung again, I delivered a quick slice to weaken its next strike. Thankfully, my Finesse and Reaction Time stats were much higher this time around, which helped plug the frightening gap between our levels. However, its stats didn’t show me a weakness that was glaring enough for me to take advantage of. Unless I could deliver a decisive blow, this battle was going to keep dragging on.</p>
<p>Then I realized something.</p>
<p>“…I guess I’ll give it a try.”</p>
<p>I kept on parrying its blows, blunting its attacks, and watching its rage build. Then as it geared up for a big swing, I leaped backward and put some space between us. Despite the frugal use of my MP so far, it had gotten quite low, so I used the time to swig a potion and restore it to full. Then I dismissed the Soul Blade of Beginnings and summoned the Pyrachnid’s Claw of Kindling.</p>
<p>The goblin grew ever angrier that none of its attacks were inflicting any serious damage on me. However, when it saw me apparently switch from a longsword to a shorter one, it grinned a sickening smile and pressed the attack once more.</p>
<p>“Gyaaaawaaaargh!”</p>
<p>Closing in on me, the goblin delivered a devastating upward blow. I took a single step to the side, letting the blade pass me by as the air pressure caused my hair to flutter. The goblin then brought its greatsword down on me as a follow-up attack, and there, I stepped in and caught the weapon on the Pyrachnid’s Claw.</p>
<p>“Grrr…”</p>
<p>“Gah… Graaaaagh!”</p>
<p>The goblin let out a deafening roar as our two swords clashed. We were going through the same motions as before, but this time, I wouldn’t let it blast me back.</p>
<p>“Gragh?”</p>
<p>“Looks like it works. This thing sure is coming in handy a lot.”</p>
<p>I can’t believe I’d never thought of this tactic before. The goblin’s cursed sword…was <em>metal</em>.</p>
<p>At the point where our two blades touched, mine was slowly melting through its weapon. It had cut nearly halfway through when the goblin realized something strange was going on and tried to pull its sword away, but by then, it was <em>too late</em>.</p>
<p>“…Rargh!”</p>
<p>Grinning, I let go of my soul blade and crafted a midair platform with Air Step. I leaped off it as if to perform a triangle kick, then swung my leg downward, channeling all my mana into my foot and using the force of gravity to bring my heel down onto the broad side of the goblin’s greatsword.</p>
<p>“Gaaaargh?!”</p>
<p>There was a dull metallic ring as the cursed sword split into two pieces. The goblin looked at the broken half of the weapon in its hands, dumbfounded. It seemed it hadn’t even entertained the possibility that its sword could fail it.</p>
<p>“Now you’re wide-open,” I snarled.</p>
<p>“Gah… Gragh…”</p>
<p>I wasn’t about to give up my advantage, so I quickly switched back to the Soul Blade of Beginnings, channeled a fair bit of mana into it, and swung it, attempting to close out the battle in a single hit. A great gash appeared in the goblin’s throat, and the life drained out of it before it fell backward onto the ground. The goblin’s fist clasped the sword’s hilt so tightly that even in death, it did not release it. The shattered fragments of the blade lay strewed across the floor.</p>
<p><em>“…Phew.”</em></p>
<p>Without letting down my guard, I checked on Minnalis, but she seemed to be closing out her fight as well. The remnants of the pack littered the floor around her, writhing and whimpering in pain from the many wounds they had taken from her poison-coated blade. The only one still standing was the leader, the Black Garm, and it looked like it would soon fall, too. Minnalis didn’t let down her guard, but neither did she change her strategy, and she continued to focus on defense while harassing the Black Garm with multiple tiny cuts loaded with venom.</p>
<p>“Tee-hee! Now dance for me, wolf! Hee-hee! Hee-hee-hee!”</p>
<p>“…Wait, she’s not being cautious,” I corrected myself. “She’s just toying with it. She’s used too much of that Intoxicating Phantasm again.”</p>
<p>I suppose it was a direct consequence of her fighting so cautiously, but the protracted clash had drained her MP and caused her to suffer inebriation once more. Her sense had gone right out the window, and she was driven only by a lust for battle. Perhaps Minnalis was one of those people it affected quite easily. Her fighting spirit had transformed into pure sadism.</p>
<p>“Come, now. Let me hear those whimpers. Succumb to the poison in your veins… Oh, Master! What did you do that for?”</p>
<p>“I know you won’t listen to me, but you need to cool off.” I gave a long sigh as I pierced the barely moving Black Garm’s body, pinning it to the ground with my sword.</p>
<p>“It’s not nice to kill steal. You gotta make it up to me with a kiss! A kiss!”</p>
<p>“Stop babbling like an idiot and finish the job before it gets up. It’s not dead yet.”</p>
<p>“Urgh… Fine.”</p>
<p>I held back Minnalis at arm’s length until I felt her give up. The many Gray Garm that made up the pack had already succumbed to the poison and died. Minnalis swung her sword above her head and decapitated the Black Garm, bringing the battle to a close.</p>
<p>“Here, have an MP potion.”</p>
<p>“Aren’t you gonna feed it to me? Mouth…to…mouth?”</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>“Ugh! Ng…ng…”</p>
<p>Ignoring Minnalis’s fluttering eyelashes and weird flirtatious behavior, I forced the potion down her throat. It should only take a few minutes before she switched classes back to “Cool Minnalis.” She was getting used to the feeling of drunkenness, and as soon as she got out of battle and restored her MP, she would be pretty much normal.</p>
<p>“Paaah! Mmm…this method isn’t too bad, either!”</p>
<p>“Whatever. You need a rest. Leave the skinning to me.”</p>
<p>I ignored whatever she was talking about and took my newest soul blade, the Squirrel’s Blade of Holding, from my belt. This one didn’t look remotely suited to cutting at all. It was only about fifty centimeters long, including the hilt, with brown fur all over the blade part and nothing to call an edge; it was more of a furry tube that flopped about like its bones were missing. It functioned as an item box of sorts. While it lowered my maximum MP by 5 percent, it allowed me to stow an infinite number of items.</p>
<p>Most soul blades, if I attempted to give them to someone else, would disappear and return inside me, but this sword didn’t do that. As long as they paid the price, anyone I allowed to could take it with them. Minnalis had thus paid 5 percent of her maximum MP as well, so that we could share it.</p>
<p>By channeling mana into the Squirrel’s Blade of Holding, the bit of it that was supposed to be the blade swelled up like a balloon, and an opening appeared along the side. In this state, I could leave it on the ground and take out my skinning knife, which I’d bought at the item shop. Recalling my memories from the first time around, I located the prized parts of monsters and any usable materials and threw them into the bag-like sword. Dead monsters would soon be swallowed up by the dungeon itself, so I had to work quickly. I also didn’t want a pack of monsters to ambush us and force us to fight with worn-out tools.</p>
<p>“Let’s take this with us, too.”</p>
<p>I looked down at the two halves of the Highsword Goblin’s cursed weapon, the Greatsword of Grief, and threw both pieces into the bag. Just as I was finishing my looting, the first of the monsters’ dead bodies sank into the ground. I returned to Minnalis to find that her high had worn off, and she was no longer in that weird sexual mood of hers.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry, Master. You must be so disappointed in me.”</p>
<p>“It’s fine, and it looked like you fought sensibly enough. It sure was tiring taking on two groups at once, though.”</p>
<p>With that, I approached the rock that Minnalis was sitting on and sat down beside her. We only originally intended to battle the garm pack and had lured them to this rocky location so that Minnalis could practice combat with lots of natural obstacles around. Then just as we started fighting, the goblins showed up from a different entrance.</p>
<p>The monsters within dungeons always prioritized attacking humanoids if any were around, rather than one another. If other monsters were nearby, they might even join forces if their rapport was good enough. Goblins and garm shared one such relationship. In effect, we were fighting on two fronts, which was why we needed to split up.</p>
<p>“Let’s break for food,” I suggested. “We can head for the Core in the afternoon and finally beat this dungeon. I’m starting to miss the sun.”</p>
<p>I took some dried meat and hard rye bread from the Squirrel’s Blade of Holding, along with some water. The brightmoss gave off a constant dim glow, day and night, and provided little in the way of heat. Minnalis nodded. Having spent so long trapped inside a small cage, she probably felt the same way. I lifted my canteen, which was made of a leather like oxhide, to my lips and quenched my battle-parched throat. I had filled the canteen using one of the first soul blades I unlocked in this dungeon, the Fairy’s Blade of Water.</p>
<p>This soul blade had no blade at all, just a hilt. By channeling mana into the sword or pouring water on it, a sharp, watery blade could be made to appear. I didn’t intend to use it as a weapon unless there was water nearby, as my max MP was still quite low. However, I could also channel mana into the sword to produce fresh drinking water. This meant I never had to worry about suffering dehydration or thirst while on a journey.</p>
<p>We had culled ninety-two groups of monsters since entering the dungeon, so it was unlikely we would be attacked anytime soon, but still, there was no sense in dawdling. Minnalis was clearly feeling tired from the eight days we had spent here, too, as she quickly polished off her meal.</p>
<p>“Let’s head to the boss room next. We must have killed more or less all the enemies in here by now, and I think I remember how the place is laid out.”</p>
<p>It was me and my party who’d cleared out this dungeon the last time, but the past four years had left me quite foggy on some details. It was only after walking around this place for over a week that I was starting to remember the layout. I attempted to take the shortest path to where my vague recollections told me the boss room ought to be, making short work of any goblin or garm attacks we ran into along the way.</p>
<p>Then eventually, we arrived before a massive pair of strange metal doors laid into the stone.</p>
<p>“Is this it, Master…?”</p>
<p>“Yes, this is it. The dungeon’s inner sanctum. The Guardian Room.”</p>
<p>Minnalis gulped at the oppressive aura the double doors gave off.</p>
<p>“I hear the Guardian is far stronger than any monster to be found elsewhere in the dungeon. Are we really going to fight it?” asked Minnalis, worried.</p>
<p>She was right to be afraid. Normally, clearing a dungeon like this would involve the work of a party of at least six people. Even if you discounted the retainers, whose only job was to carry food and water, a party of two was somewhat lacking. And that was just for the dungeon, not the Guardian. To defeat that, one party typically wasn’t enough. It took a dozen strong parties, a flawless plan of attack, every precaution you could think of, countless rehearsals, and rotating the combatants in the front lines, and even then, you had to be willing to suffer losses. That was what dungeon-delving adventurers referred to as a “Guardian Raid.”</p>
<p>To fight a Guardian with only two people was either suicidal or mad. Though, I had gotten stupidly powerful last time, and we could usually take on dungeon bosses with a single party of five or six.</p>
<p>“Yeah, we’re gonna kill the Guardian. A Dungeon Core is made of a material that’s infused with a tremendous amount of mana. We can use it to make super-strong equipment.”</p>
<p>Dungeons were an important source of natural resources, and a country that controlled the land where a dungeon appeared would often forbid the destruction of its Core. The Core was what caused the monsters and, thus, the loot to keep appearing, and without it, the dungeon would go barren. That was why we needed to secure this dungeon’s Core while the kingdom was still unaware of its existence.</p>
<p>“I see… Master, I urge you to reconsider! If we die here, our revenge will go unfulfilled!”</p>
<p>Minnalis pleaded with me desperately. I gave her a playful poke on the forehead.</p>
<p>“Calm down, silly. I never said we’d attack it head-on. I don’t want to get myself killed, either. If we took it on in a fair fight, I’d say our chances were about fifty-fifty. I want that Core, but those odds are a no go.”</p>
<p>“Well then…er… What…?”</p>
<p>“I guess I should have told you this earlier. The Dungeon grants the Guardian powerful equipment, but it also dominates its mind and forces it to protect the Core. That means it can’t leave that room, and if we attack it from outside, it can’t fight back.”</p>
<p>“From outside? But I heard that when you open the doors, it comes out to this area in front.”</p>
<p>“Yes, that’s right. We know the Guardian will follow you out here if you let it. We also know that if you close the door, it won’t come after you until you open the door again. That means <em>we have to kill it with the door closed</em>.”</p>
<p>I drew the Pyrachnid’s Claw of Kindling and channeled mana into it.</p>
<p>“From outside… Ahhh, I see. Good idea, Master.”</p>
<p>“Well, I’m not even sure if this’ll work. If not, we’ll just have to give up. We got most of what we came here for: experience points and teaching you how to fight.”</p>
<p>When the kingdom was your enemy, you never knew when and where somebody could turn against you. The best way to learn how to defend against any attack was to throw yourself into the fray, and right now, when we needed to lay low, this was the best place to do that.</p>
<p>“We don’t need to take any risks against this guy. Even if all we get is his experience points, that’s good enough.”</p>
<p>Saying that, I started to melt off a portion of the metal door. It was as tough as a boss-room door should be, even harder to cut through than that cursed greatsword.</p>
<p>“I’ll cut a hole into the door, then you can use your Intoxicating Phantasm to fill the room with long-lasting poison fumes. Oh, and one other thing. While I doubt the Guardian will start moving before it sees us, try to make it invisible and scentless, too.”</p>
<p>After telling Minnalis the plan, I turned my attention back to my soul blade, which was still having trouble cutting through the steel door, and channeled even more mana into it. The blade suddenly sank into the metal, and I pulled it back to reveal a small hole about five centimeters long.</p>
<p>“Okay. That should…do…it…?”</p>
<p>Suddenly, the world started spinning. Part of me realized, <em>Oh, MP withdrawal</em>, but it all so quickly started to feel unimportant.</p>
<p>“Sorry…Minnalis… You handle…the rest… I’m sure it’ll be fine… I’m just gonna take a short break.”</p>
<p>Summoning up the last vestiges of my sensible mind, I turned my back to the wall and slumped down to the ground so I wouldn’t make a fool of myself. The Guardian couldn’t come out while the door was closed, after all, and no monsters ever went near the entrance to the boss room. The entrance to the dungeon, too, was hidden by stones.</p>
<p>“Yes, Master. I will finish the job. You just rest.”</p>
<p>I watched as Minnalis poured some water on the hole I had burned through the door to cool it. She then used her Intoxicating Phantasm to summon up a cloud of poisonous smoke, which she released into the hole.</p>
<p>If she just used normal poison magic, it wouldn’t travel very far before dispersing because of her beastfolk heritage. The poison she created with her intrinsic ability wasn’t affected by that, though. As far as I understood it, Intoxicating Phantasm allowed her to create magical poisons with a variety of effects. These poisons also never went away on their own and could only be dispelled when the caster willed it. There were supposedly other effects, too, but I hadn’t gotten around to learning them yet. When I used Appraise, I could see that these other effects existed, but they had <em>???????????</em> listed in place of a name. Intoxicating Phantasm had levels like a skill; it could be improved, and further effects unlocked, by satisfying certain conditions or improving certain skills. Perhaps, as the name implied, it had effects related to illusions…</p>
<p>That was about as far as I got before my mind started to drift and I was overcome with an unbearable weariness. I could feel the drunkenness causing my muscles, which were already strained from the prolonged fighting, to relax. Then without even giving me the chance to resist, my mind was pulled into the inky depths of unconsciousness like a stone drifting to the bottom of the sea.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>