<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Hero Laughs While Walking the Path of Vengeance a Second Time</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter018">
<p>“I just saw the motive behind your actions.”</p>
<p>The Holy Sword of Retribution had woven our two paths together, combining our vengeance into one.</p>
<p>It had forced us each to experience firsthand the origins of the other’s hate. I felt the pain and despair that she felt when she swore her oath, as though it were me in her shoes. It burned me up from the inside, a black heat no less equal to the one I already bore. Minnalis, too, winced in pain as she saw why I walked the path of revenge.</p>
<p>As our bitter hearts, two black lumps of charred coal, grew closer, they merged into something purer, something we shared as one. By the time the motes of black light that were left behind by the Holy Sword of Retribution disappeared completely, there was no longer any meaningful difference between the two of us.</p>
<p>“It feels like I was the one your village betrayed, even though I know in my mind that wasn’t the case,” I observed. “So this is what it means to share revenge.”</p>
<p>I looked around at the faces of the other slaves, who’d mocked her, who’d cheered at her abuse, and my blood boiled. The slaves, sensing danger, shrunk into the corners of their cages, terrified, and looked at me with hollow, lifeless eyes.</p>
<div class="ecom_a">
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">System message: Title acquired: “Avenger’s Master.”</p>
</div>
<div class="ecom_a">
<p class="blockquote-firstpara1">System message: Individual Minnalis has become “Slave to Revenge.”</p>
</div>
<p>The system message informed me that the sword’s effect had worked as intended. I looked at Minnalis. She seemed a little bewildered, and a little excited.</p>
<p>“Wow,” she breathed out. “Is this all because of that sword? Ohhh… Ohhhh, this is going to be even better than I imagined!”</p>
<p>The thought of it gave her the shivers, and her face froze in a look of ecstatic pleasure.</p>
<p>“Open Status: Minnalis,” I declared. Her status screen appeared, and I could see the contents. The title “Avenger’s Master” gave me access to the status screens of anyone with the title “Slave to Revenge.” There were also other perks, such as stat buffs and bonus effects, based on the number of such servants I acquired. These titles were also the reason that our lust for revenge would not disappear and that we were shown each other’s memories.</p>
<p>Looking at her screen, I could see that beastfolk stats were indeed high. Even though her stats were being halved by her Weak condition, she was still on par with a human of the same level.</p>
<p>She had also gained a new intrinsic ability. I was missing my appraisal soul blade, so I couldn’t tell what it did, but the possessor of an ability knew its effects, so I could always just ask her to explain it.</p>
<p>“So? What now? You know, if you’re tired, you can take a break. Leave all the hard work to me.”</p>
<p>“Well now, my new master appears to be quite the tease. You wouldn’t deny me my first act of vengeance, would you?”</p>
<p>“Of course not. In that case, I’ll leave things here in your capable hands and go bring you the <em>other one</em> who got away.”</p>
<p>I handed my remaining MP potions to Minnalis. I didn’t know what she was going to do, but given what we had talked about, I imagined that it involved her intrinsic ability. That would require a lot of MP, and I wanted to give her the best shot at revenge I could.</p>
<p>Then I left, in pursuit of the man who had fled.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>