<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Hero Laughs While Walking the Path of Vengeance a Second Time</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter005">
<p>“…Why?”</p>
<p>There was so much wrong with what I saw, but that one question was all I could muster.</p>
<p>Firstly, my age. I arrived in this world four years ago, when I was still a second-year in high school. Back then, I was seventeen. I was supposed to be twenty-one now. Was this some sort of age-reversing magic? Impossible.</p>
<p>But that wasn’t the real problem. Next was my level. After defeating the demon lord, I had continued to gain experience, passed level 300, and was approaching 400. Just to put that in perspective, the most powerful knight in the kingdom, the commander of the royal knight order, was level 121 when he joined my quest. By the time it was over, he was level 270.</p>
<p>Obviously, the higher your level, the higher your stats. I knew of levels dropping because of age or missed training, but I’d never heard of losing over 300 levels at once. In this world, level 1 was like a baby. I was already level 3 when I first arrived. Now I was level 1, and my stats had taken a big hit.</p>
<p>And finally, my skills. Intrinsic abilities were either innate or were awarded for fulfilling special conditions, such as becoming a hero. Skills, on the other hand, could be learned by anyone if they followed the correct procedure. This meant that in theory, you could learn any skill given enough time, though in practice, people tended to specialize. Skills had proficiency and levels, and the only way to improve a skill was by using it repeatedly, building up proficiency until your level increased.</p>
<p>All the skills I’d devoted the last four years of my life to mastering had been replaced with a single word: <em>Unarmed</em>.</p>
<p>“Wh-what the hell? <em>Air Step</em>!”</p>
<p>Although most of her wounds had healed, the princess still hadn’t regained consciousness. Regardless, I interrupted the healing spell and put away my soul blade. Leaping up, I created a floating platform of magic and kicked off it. The skill I randomly picked to test, “Air Step,” involved creating magical stepping stones in the air to facilitate aerial combat. It was indispensable in battle, and fortunately, it had activated. However…</p>
<p>“You have got to be joking…”</p>
<p>…the pitiful result left me lost for words. The MP consumption and cooldown rate were nowhere near what I was used to.</p>
<p>“Open Status!”</p>
<p>The status screen had been appended with the skills I had just used, Air Step and “Control Mana.” I tapped the words <em>Air Step</em> and sighed.</p>
<p>“I knew it…”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>