<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Hero Laughs While Walking the Path of Vengeance a Second Time</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter027">
<p>Now that we’ve seen all the various status pages, let’s go over the stats.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a001">HP</h1>
<p>Hit Points. This value represents a person’s health. Taking damage can cause it to go down, as can poison or disease. If this value drops to zero, you die.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a002">MP</h1>
<p>Magic Points. Shows how much mana resides in your body. Casting magic, as well as certain skills, such as “Intimidate” and “Mana Blade,” can cause this value to drop.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a003">Strength</h1>
<p>Indicates the maximum physical power a person can exert.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a004">Stamina</h1>
<p>Indicates the extent to which a person can continuously exert themselves.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a005">Vitality</h1>
<p>Affects the amount of damage taken from attacks.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a006">Dexterity</h1>
<p>Indicates the maximum speed at which a person can move.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a007">Magic</h1>
<p>Affects the extent to which using more mana than needed improves the effects of spells or skills.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a008">Resistance</h1>
<p>Affects the amount of damage taken from magical attacks or effects.</p>
<p class="space-break1">These were all the stats that appeared on a normal status screen. You couldn’t just look at another person’s screen, but everyone could see their own and show them to other people if they so wished. I was only allowed to see Minnalis’s screen because of my Avenger’s Master title; even purchasing her as a slave hadn’t granted me that permission.</p>
<p>However, what the people of this world didn’t know was that there were other stats being tracked. Those hidden stats were what my data board was currently showing me. Unlike normal stats, these hidden stats didn’t have numbers but were instead ranked on a letter scale from G up to SSS. I’ll explain them next.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a009">Finesse</h1>
<p>This grade indicates physical control over one’s body, and the extent to which a person can leverage the numerical values of their stats.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a010">Reaction Time</h1>
<p>The speed at which you can process information obtained through one’s senses, skills, and magic. This grade also indicates how fast a person can think in battle.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a011">Recovery Rate</h1>
<p>Indicates the speed at which HP and MP recover. Also influences the recovery speed of status conditions, as well as damaged or missing body parts.</p>
<p class="space-break1">These statistics were only visible to me thanks to the effect of the Eight-Eyed Sword of Clarity. Even spells with the Appraise effect didn’t show them. As for the Magic Affinities, it was possible to estimate their values using special Affinity Crystals that were produced and sold by the Magicians’ Guild. However, these were quite expensive, so most people didn’t know their Affinities at all.</p>
<p>These Affinities indicated one’s aptitude for a particular class of magic. People with high Affinity found it easier to cast advanced spells and also raised the level of their skill faster. So for a Fire mage, that would be their “Fire Magic” skill.</p>
<p>Incidentally, “Null” magic referred to support spells like Force Up and Physical Up, while “Misc.” magic contained exotic spells, such as curses, illusions, spirit magic, and rituals, that fell outside the usual classifications. Misc. magic also affected spells that combined the effects of multiple categories: Fire, Water, Wind, Earth, Light, Dark, and Null, though to be honest, I didn’t fully understand how it worked myself.</p>
<p>These Affinities were more or less set in stone from the moment you were born. Now, I’m sure the eagle-eyed among you have noticed that my Affinities were zero across the board. That’s right: I couldn’t use magic. I didn’t even know how to convert mana into a spell. It wasn’t too much of a problem, however. The abilities of my soul blades were rather like spells, and all I had to do was channel mana into them. I didn’t have to worry about casting anything. Granted, they tended to use a sizable amount of MP and have dramatic effects, so they weren’t the best fit for every situation, but they were similar to spells just in terms of their nature and structure.</p>
<p>Finally, there were my titles. There were parts to the title system that I didn’t quite understand yet, but as far as I could tell, they were like passive skills in that they were unlocked by satisfying certain conditions and granted different effects. Depending on the title, these effects could vary quite considerably. For example, my “Otherworlder” title granted me the “Auto-Translate” intrinsic ability, while “Hero” sped up the rate at which I gained points in skill proficiency. As for “Master of Finesse,” it caused my Finesse to remain at SSS without degrading, even if I failed to train regularly.</p>
<p>Titles were also only visible to me because of the Eight-Eyed Sword of Clarity, and basically, no one else even knew they existed. On top of that, their unlock conditions were invisible, and they were even harder to obtain than skills, so very few people possessed even a single title.</p>
<p>“They’re all still there, too…”</p>
<p>I hadn’t been sure until now, but my stats had seemed to be higher than just what my soul blades accounted for. As such, I’d suspected my titles had been similarly preserved, and I was right.</p>
<p>Satisfied with my findings, I closed the data board just as I arrived back at the hunting lodge.</p>
<p>“Ah, Master, you’re back!” exclaimed Minnalis at my arrival, wiping the sweat from her brow.</p>
<p>“…Hey, didn’t I tell you to get some sleep?” I asked, frowning.</p>
<p>The bunny girl was busy swinging her sword in the front yard. Apparently, it was too much for her rabbit brain to remember what I had told her that very morning. Right now, there was nobody around, and so she had let her illusion come undone, revealing her soft ears and fluffy tail.</p>
<p>“I’m okay now, Master. My Weak condition wore off about an hour ago. Besides, it’s going to be worse for me if I stay cooped up in bed all day,” she said nonchalantly. She did appear to be in much better health.</p>
<p>I decided to see for myself using my new Appraise ability. As a beastfolk, she indeed had a fast Recovery Rate.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>