<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Hero Laughs While Walking the Path of Vengeance a Second Time</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter034">
<p>““Graaaaaargh!””</p>
<p>There was a sharp, screeching roar as two beasts appeared. A lion and a tiger, clad in red and blue flames respectively.</p>
<p>“A-all units, prepare for battle! Protect the princess!”</p>
<p>The knights scrambled to react to this unexpected foe.</p>
<p>…Now was my only chance to escape.</p>
<p>“Raaaargh!”</p>
<p>“What?! Dammit! The hero’s getting away!”</p>
<p>I didn’t try anything fancy; I just ran for the door, forcing my way through the line of soldiers while they were distracted by the Guardian’s appearance. Applying Blinkstep and Godfoot to build up speed, I activated Air Step to leap into the air, using as little movement as possible to dodge any incoming attacks—otherwise, I’d just let them hit me and stifle my screams of pain as best I could. All I cared about was reaching the exit.</p>
<p>“Stop! Don’t let him escape! If he takes even one step out of here…”</p>
<p>I heard the princess’s voice from behind me and gripped my soul blade tighter. Even if it meant my certain death, I could go back right now and make sure she died…</p>
<p class="space-break1"><em>“I’m giving you my own, so you had better not waste it.”</em></p>
<p class="space-break1">“Goddamn! Scatter! <em>Blade of Misery: Scarlet Thunder</em>!” I shouted.</p>
<p>“Raise your shields!” roared the knight commander.</p>
<p>Then our voices were drowned out by a peal of thunder and an explosion that crackled with lightning. Of course, I wasn’t expecting to deal serious damage, but I forced them to stop for a second and throw up their shields and magical barriers, and the knights farther back were too busy fighting the Guardian to come after me.</p>
<p>“Stop right there!”</p>
<p>“Gaaagh!”</p>
<p>A firebolt from the princess scorched my back, but it was too late.</p>
<p>“Come ba—”</p>
<p>The princess’s words were cut off as I activated my soul blade and teleported away. The last thing I saw as I looked behind me was her face, twisted beyond all recognition with indignant rage.</p>
<p class="space-break2">I wished to be anywhere else, as far away as possible. When I opened my eyes, I was in a strange forest I had not seen before. The trees reached up around me, obscuring the moon and the clouds from view and leaving me standing in a profound darkness as the rainwater drizzled down my body and caused my wounds to sting.</p>
<p>My back burned with pain from the princess’s spell, but as soon as I thought about healing it, my mind spun. Long-distance teleportation required an enormous amount of mana. I had almost forgotten the feeling of mana withdrawal. It seemed I wouldn’t be able to heal my injuries just yet.</p>
<p>Pulling an arrow out of myself and applying pressure to the wound, I tried to walk but found myself unable to take even a single step.</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>The people I wanted to help. The people I trusted. They’d been my enemies all along.</p>
<p>I’d always thought that someday, I would go home—that someday, my life would return to normal. That thought kept me going through all the hard times, but it, too, was a lie. Nothing but a mirage on the horizon that vanished when I got close. What was I supposed to do now? Why was I still alive?</p>
<p>“Ha-ha… What the…?”</p>
<p>I smiled in self-pity. I didn’t know the answers.</p>
<p class="space-break1"><em>“Make sure you get all you want out of life.”</em></p>
<p class="space-break1">I took a step, even as I felt like my legs were about to give up. I knew not what for, but I wasn’t going to die.</p>
<p>It was because of her that I had grown to like this world.</p>
<p>It was because of her that I learned to smile in this world.</p>
<p>She told me I wasn’t allowed to waste my life.</p>
<p>And I knew that if I died, she would simply call me a fool, and a coward, and laugh the way she always did, but that wasn’t the point. It was for my own sake that I couldn’t afford to stop here.</p>
<p>If I went back on my word and ended it all now, I could never stand by her side, even in death.</p>
<p>I had to keep walking.</p>
<p>I hoped my tears, at least, could be forgiven.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry, Leticia. I can’t keep my promise. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry…”</p>
<p>My words were snatched up by darkness and stolen by the night.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>