<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Rescue</h1>

      <p>Roughly one hour before Liselotte was invited to the meeting room, Rio, Aria, and Aishia had arrived in the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica alongside Saint Erica’s return. Rio was carrying Aria in his arms while overlooking the capital city below; they soared in the skies above the south side of Ericaburg just past noontime.</p>

      <p>Rio and Aria were both wearing cloaks on top of their combat clothes. Rio’s favorite black wyvern coat had been repaired in the spirit folk village, but walking around in it would attract too much attention, so he wasn’t wearing it now.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia, go after the saint to locate Liselotte. Contact me as soon as you find her. Plan A is to check where she’s been confined, if it’s possible to escape by using an invisibility art, and to rescue her right away if so. If it seems difficult to get away, we’ll come up with a Plan B depending on her confinement conditions.</em></p>

      <p>He had come up with a rough outline of the plan with Aria while they were moving, so once he came within range of communicating with Aishia, he gave her a short summary of what they had decided on.</p>

      <p><em>Got it. The saint has descended in the heart of the city. She’s going into a building. I’ll contact you later.</em></p>

      <p><em>Thank you. Aria and I will check the state of the city in the meantime.</em></p>

      <p>Rio could see the saint’s griffin descend in the noble district with his own eyes. He then ended his communication with Aishia.</p>

      <p>“She’s entered an official building. Aishia’s going to follow her and check whether Liselotte is inside,” he said to Aria in his arms.</p>

      <p>“Okay. From what I can see from above, the entire city is under repair. It must be the aftermath of the revolution. The buildings past what looks like the noble district are all ruined, and there’s nothing but a pile of rubble at the very back...”</p>

      <p>They could see workers laboring away at the ruined city—a rather heartrending sight.</p>

      <p>“Position-wise, that should be where the castle stood, I’m guessing.”</p>

      <p>“Perhaps. Just how could this happen, though...” Aria stared down at the destroyed castle. It was no small feat to crush something so thoroughly into a mountain of debris.</p>

      <p>“I can’t imagine the castle turning into a pile of rubble just because the revolutionary army came near. Either the Saint used her Divine Arms, or another ancient artifact was used to attack...”</p>

      <p>The attack had to have been of a substantial scale to create such a phenomenon.</p>

      <p>“The land south of the capital is also ruined. Perhaps the revolutionary army approached from the south and faced the royal army there.”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t as simple as the troops marching through—the land was gouged open, protruding in various places.</p>

      <p>“The terrain is only ruined on one side. The revolutionary army may have had a one-sided victory.”</p>

      <p>In reality, the revolutionary army ten thousand strong had marched from the south, led by Erica. The royal army of two thousand awaited them.</p>

      <p>However, the two armies never engaged in combat. Erica had wiped out the two thousand soldiers of the royal army in under a minute. That gave the masses that marched into the city afterwards the momentum to charge straight into the noble district.</p>

      <p>“There was something strange about that saint. She was incredibly resilient. If you ever have to face her, please be extra careful,” Aria said with a bitter expression, having faced defeat in Amande.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’ll remain vigilant...” Rio nodded, staring down at the capital city with a severe gaze. They had been following one step behind this entire time, but—</p>

      <p>“Let’s check the interior of the city next. It’s our turn to make a move.”</p>

      <p>Rio began his descent to the deserted exterior of the city as he carried Aria.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, a few kilometers away, someone was following after Rio—Reiss. He had just caught sight of Rio and Aria stepping into the city on foot.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Reiss observed the capital of Ericaburg below him just as Rio and Aria had done so earlier. He gazed upon the ruins of the utterly destroyed castle.</p>

      <p><em>It seems the saint has mastered her hero powers after all. All that’s left is to check if she can materialize one of those, and her awakening as a hero is confirmed. The only thing else to be done is pray that she hasn’t awakened...</em></p>

      <p>Reiss sighed tiredly, imagining the worst if that were to happen.</p>

      <p><em>For now, the Black Knight should be pitted against the saint to check whether she’s awakened. I doubt he has a chance against her if she’s really awakened, but he shouldn’t have a problem with fleeing if he needs to.</em></p>

      <p>He had already prepared a plan in anticipation of Rio making an attempt to escape. The only issue was how to get Rio and the saint to crush each other for sure, and what to do from there on. He needed to confirm whether the saint was an awakened hero as soon as possible.</p>

      <p><em>The humanoid spirit’s snuck to make the rescue while the Black Knight and head attendant wait outside as backup diversions, I guess.</em></p>

      <p>Skilled spirit art users could change the refractive index of the air to become invisible, but that didn’t change the fact the user was physically there.</p>

      <p>Sending Aishia to infiltrate in her spirit form was clearly the safest option. Their obvious goal to rescue Liselotte made it easy to predict their movements.</p>

      <p><em>Someone as skilled as him would easily be able to retrieve Liselotte Cretia in secret, but I’m afraid I’ll be using this opportunity to have him fight.</em></p>

      <p>With a faint smile, Reiss began his descent into the city.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p><em>Haruto. I found Liselotte.</em></p>

      <p>Shortly after Rio and Aria entered the capital of Ericaburg, Aishia contacted them with notice of Liselotte’s discovery.</p>

      <p>They were currently in an urban area, on a main street with lots of citizens walking by. Business wasn’t booming by any means, but the expressions of the pedestrians were bright and full of life. They were in the middle of scouting the area before the rescue plan went ahead.</p>

      <p>“Aria, come down this alley for a second. Aishia sent a message.” Rio stepped off the main street as he called his traveling companion towards a deserted back alley.</p>

      <p><em>Thanks. How is she?</em></p>

      <p><em>Safe and sound. She’s been summoned to a meeting that’s about to happen. Her guards are with her right now.</em></p>

      <p><em>In that case, wait until she’s alone before making contact with her. Continue watching the situation for now.</em></p>

      <p><em>Got it.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m in town with Aria. We’re going to scout the area, then try to sneak as close to your building as possible. If anything strange happens, use your own judgment to make a move. But inform me right away.</em></p>

      <p><em>Okay.</em></p>

      <p>Like that, Rio gave Aishia the necessary instructions and ended their communications once again.</p>

      <p>“It seems she’s found Liselotte. She hasn’t made contact yet, but she seems to be doing well,” he informed Aria.</p>

      <p>“I’m glad to hear it...” Aria bowed her head, overcome with emotion.</p>

      <p>“She still needs to be saved. We’ll do what we can as well. Let’s go,” Rio said gently, prompting her to move. The fastest escape route after securing Liselotte would be to fly away, but moving vigorously would lift the invisibility art cast on them. Thus, if they wanted to rescue Liselotte without anyone’s notice, it would have to be on foot.</p>

      <p>When they rescued her, they’d want to walk to somewhere isolated before taking off into the skies. In order to do that, they needed to have a clear understanding of the city’s layout. They’d also have to enter the former noble district.</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>The two resumed their exploration of the city.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Around an hour and a half later at most, the trial-like meeting had concluded, and the congress had finished their verbal attack on Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“Here you are...” Andrei opened the door to the room where Liselotte was being confined, prompting her inside.</p>

      <p>“Thanks.” Liselotte nodded and went through the door obediently. There had been no conversation between her, Andrei, and Natalia on the way back to this room.</p>

      <p>There was no way of telling what she was thinking from her expression and tone of voice. On the other hand, Andrei seemed to have some thoughts after the meeting that had just happened, and had been watching Liselotte with a conflicted face this entire time. Because of that, the air around them was rather heavy.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for joining us in the discussion today. Please rest for a while.” Erica’s attitude was completely different compared to the earlier meeting, as she spoke out of consideration for Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“I will. Excuse me,” Liselotte replied without turning around to face Erica and marched into the room. Erica and Natalia turned to leave the room as well, but Andrei remained frozen, watching Liselotte’s back.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Just as he was about to say something, Erica spoke up.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Andrei,” she said to his back.</p>

      <p>“Right...”</p>

      <p>Andrei nodded with a drooping head, following Erica and Natalia out of the room.</p>

      <p>“Andrei. You may vent those conflicted emotions of yours to me directly,” Erica said once the door closed behind them.</p>

      <p>“Saint Erica...” Andrei’s head drooped further as he clenched his fists. “Honestly... I’m disappointed. Despite understanding the injustice of the noble class, she chose to remain a noble. At the end of the day, even someone as wise as her prioritizes their status. She doesn’t give the future of the people any thought. I’ve misjudged her,” he confessed.</p>

      <p>“You poor thing, Andrei... You believed in a future where you could work together with her. You are a very pure person, so you’re hurt by having your expectations betrayed. But you still have some expectations left, don’t you? That’s why you didn’t vent your negative emotions to her. You wish for her understanding.”</p>

      <p>“That may be true...”</p>

      <p>“Andrei, humans can be strongly hurt when they are betrayed. Don’t forget these feelings of yours. Your essence as a human is tested by how you stand up against that pain and despair. That’s why this is an opportunity for you to grow. How will you interact with Liselotte the next time you see her? Give that question some thought by yourself.”</p>

      <p>“Okay...” Andrei nodded stiffly.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, immediately after Erica and the others left the room...</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Liselotte sat down, stifling her vexed emotions. She had been abducted to a foreign country and forced to receive one-sided abuse in a public beating. The reality of that was finally setting in this very moment, and tears welled in her eyes. The feelings swirled in her chest, ready to explode—but she held them back.</p>

      <p>“Someone...save me...” Liselotte mumbled hoarsely, pleading for salvation.</p>

      <p>At that moment, Aishia materialized in the empty room. “Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>“Yes...”</p>

      <p>“You okay?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think so.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte was in such a daze, she replied to Aishia without thinking. Perhaps that was why she showed a weak side of herself she usually kept hidden.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I watched the whole meeting happen, but I couldn’t do anything to help,” Aishia apologized regretfully.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine... Wait, what? A-Aishia...? Is that you?” Liselotte finally noticed whom she was talking to.</p>

      <p>“Yup.”</p>

      <p>Why was Aishia here? How did she sneak in? She just said she watched the whole meeting, but how could she do that? All kinds of questions filled her head, confusing her more and more.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Wha?!” She let out a rarely heard sound of clear astonishment.</p>

      <p>“Quiet. I came to save you.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait a minute. What’s the meaning of this?” Liselotte asked quietly.</p>

      <p>“I was waiting for you to be left alone. That’s why I’m here now. We’re going to sneak out of here together.”</p>

      <p>“You came out...of where? How long have you been here?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll explain the details after we get outside. Haruto and Aria are waiting.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Sir Haruto and Aria are here too...?”</p>

      <p>They had come to save her... Realizing that filled her with an indescribable happiness. Could this be a dream? She pinched her cheek as though to check.</p>

      <p>“It’s not a dream.”</p>

      <p>“So it seems...”</p>

      <p>“I’m here. You’re not alone.”</p>

      <p>“A-Aishia...”</p>

      <p>Unable to hold herself back any longer, tears spilled from Liselotte’s eyes.</p>

      <p>“Don’t cry.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t apologize. Wait, I’m contacting Haruto right now.” Aishia held up her left hand to tell Liselotte to wait.</p>

      <p>“What...?”</p>

      <p>What was Aishia saying? Just how could she contact him from here? Liselotte cocked her head in confusion.</p>

      <p>“...” Aishia stood in silence for a moment.</p>

      <p>“Haruto gave the okay. The preliminary investigations are done, and they’re ready to go. All that’s left is for me to bring you out of here.” It seemed as though she’d really managed to contact him.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay?”</p>

      <p>What was going on?</p>

      <p>“I’m going to neutralize the guards outside the room. Wait here a moment.” As soon as she said that, Aishia turned into particles of light and disappeared.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?!” Liselotte’s eyes widened in shock. Mere seconds later, the door to the room opened with a <em>click</em>.</p>

      <p>“I knocked them out.” Aishia came back into the room, having knocked out the male guard. She closed the door behind her, laying him down on the floor.</p>

      <p>“A-An explanation. Please give me an explanation... It doesn’t have to be right now, but later.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte fell speechless for a moment, then gave up on thinking for now. She asked for an explanation later and steadied her nerves for whatever shocks might occur from this moment onwards.</p>

      <p>“Sure. I’m going to make us invisible now. Don’t let go of my hand, and don’t make any loud noises.”</p>

      <p>“Okay!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>