<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:36090fb0-3f5f-4c84-a48f-620fa8be8134" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter014">
<p>Amane was usually very quiet and mostly kept to himself, so when the guilty boy, who looked like he didn’t expect to be told off, saw his narrowed eyes and heard his sharp tone, he quickly tendered a disheartened apology.</p>
<p>“S-sorry…”</p>
<p>Realizing that if he spoke too forcefully, he was likely to cause a fight, Amane switched to a more mellow tone of voice. “You don’t need to apologize to me, but you’d better apologize to Yamazaki, who you ran into, and to Shiina, who nearly got splashed. Anyway, be more careful next time. The kitchen can be a dangerous place.”</p>
<p>Then he looked at Mahiru.</p>
<p>He’d had one arm wrapped around her the entire time, and Mahiru’s face had gone slightly red. Though he felt some regret over touching her like that, it was too late to worry about that now, so he gently released her and, taking care not to make any strange faces, pointed toward the refrigerator.</p>
<p>“Shiina, I’m sorry for touching you without your permission. Please, go ahead and take the salad over to our team. I’m going to help wipe up here.”</p>
<p>“I-it’s all right; I might have gotten jostled, but I’m the one who spilled everything,” Yamazaki, the girl with the soup, stammered.</p>
<p>“Well anyway, I was involved, too, and all my team has left to do now is eat. It won’t take long, so don’t worry about it.”</p>
<p>She had only spilled a little bit, so cleaning it up wouldn’t take that much time.</p>
<p>After reassuring his distressed classmate, Amane got the teacher’s permission and pulled off several sheets of paper towel from the roll on the counter and mopped up the soup.</p>
<p>The small amount of liquid was quickly absorbed by the handful of towels. Right as Amane was thinking that all he needed to do now was wipe it down with a wet towel, Mahiru appeared from somewhere with a damp cloth in hand and did just that.</p>
<p>“It’ll go faster if we work together,” she murmured. Then she gave Amane an angelic smile from up close, which was deeply unsettling for some reason.</p>
<p class="space-break">“Welcome back!”</p>
<p>After they finished cleaning up, Amane and Mahiru returned to their table carrying the noodle salad and almond jelly about five minutes later than expected, and Chitose greeted them with an impish grin.</p>
<p>Amane’s and Mahiru’s portions, minus the salad and jelly, were already laid out on the table, so Amane divided everyone’s share of cellophane noodle salad into the salad dishes and let out a sigh.</p>
<p>“I’m so tired…,” Amane groaned.</p>
<p>“You looked pretty cool back there, man,” Itsuki remarked. “And bold, for once.”</p>
<p>“It’s not like I was trying to cop a feel or anything,” Amane insisted. “I had to get her out of the way of the soup, that’s all.”</p>
<p>He hadn’t set out to embrace the angel or anything. And even though no one had criticized his split-second decision, several other boys did give him jealous looks that made him uncomfortable.</p>
<p>As for Mahiru, she frowned at him just the slightest bit when she heard what he said. Only someone who knew her well would have noticed this.</p>
<p>“Well, I feel like you really saved me. Thank you for holding me.”</p>
<p>“I only did it because your apron or uniform might have gotten dirty, or even worse, you might have been burned. That guy seemed sorry, too, so that’s good.”</p>
<p>As one would expect, the boy who had caused the collision received all the blame. After all, they were in a place where a single misstep might result in a serious accident. At the moment, the boy in question was getting a serious tongue lashing from their teacher.</p>
<p>Amane was satisfied since ultimately no one had been hurt. And he hadn’t been put at risk, either. Yes, he had touched Mahiru where everyone could see, which could have turned out worse than getting burned by hot soup. But judging by the atmosphere around the classroom, he seemed to have been forgiven for that slipup.</p>
<p>“So if you can be that brave in the face of danger,” Itsuki remarked, “then why are you usually such a weenie?”</p>
<p>“I’m sorry, did you say something?” It was clear from the look in Amane’s eyes and the tone of his voice that he was not interested in hearing whatever rude thing his friend was planning to say.</p>
<p>“Nothing at all,” Itsuki grinned. “At any rate, we finished making our lunch without incident, so let’s take that photo, yeah?” He quickly occupied himself by fiddling with the camera on his phone.</p>
<p>The students needed to check recipes and send in their photographs, so they were being allowed to use their phones in class, but not for playing around. Itsuki was obviously pointing his camera lens at people and not food, so Amane gave him an exasperated look, but Chitose excitedly pushed her way into the camera’s view.</p>
<p>“You too, Mahirun!” she urged. “Get in, get in.”</p>
<p>“You guys…,” Amane groaned.</p>
<p>Mahiru blinked dramatically, then drew her seat over slightly closer to Amane’s with a little smile.</p>
<p><em>Et tu, Mahiru…?</em> Amane thought. He was surprised to see her flash him a quick, impish little grin, just for a second, before she donned her angelic smile again.</p>
<p>“Come on, you too, Itsuki,” Chitose insisted.</p>
<p>“Wait, but who will take the…? Oh, perfect timing, Yuuta! Come take this picture.”</p>
<p>“Huh, what’s this all of a sudden?”</p>
<p>Yuuta just happened to be passing by, probably on his way back from the refrigerator, carrying a tray of thinly sliced pork. Itsuki pressed his smartphone into Yuuta’s hand, then circled around behind Amane and flashed a peace sign.</p>
<p>Yuuta looked surprised by the sudden request, but when he saw the completed dishes lined up in front of Amane, he seemed to understand.</p>
<p>With a laugh, he said “Guess I’ve got no choice” and readied the smartphone. “You guys sure finished fast, huh? Okay, I’m taking it.”</p>
<p>“That’s ’cause we got hustle, man!”</p>
<p>“But you hardly did anything, Itsuki,” Chitose ribbed.</p>
<p>“C’mon, don’t say that; you promised!”</p>
<p>Amane laughed at his friend’s ridiculous protests. Then he heard the sound of the camera shutter. He froze—Yuuta had taken the picture before he’d had time to compose himself.</p>
<p>“That’s a good picture!” Yuuta said, before handing Itsuki his smartphone and leaving.</p>
<p>“Wow, it’s not every day I get a picture with Amane smiling,” Itsuki remarked.</p>
<p>“That’s ’cause he usually has a sour face on, right?” Chitose said. “Send the picture to me, too, please!”</p>
<p>“Hoh-kay. Shiina, you get it from Chitose, okay?”</p>
<p>Mahiru had already exchanged contact information with Itsuki, but in this situation, with people all around them, it was probably best not to say that out loud.</p>
<p>More importantly, it bothered Amane that Itsuki was sending the photo to Mahiru before letting him check it.</p>
<p>He shot a look over at Mahiru and got an adorable, albeit restrained, smile in response, so Amane could do nothing but groan and watch them quickly share the photo.</p>
<p>“…No one cares what my face looks like, so we might as well eat,” Amane muttered, hoping to end the conversation there.</p>
<p>Itsuki gave him a big grin, so before his friend could return to his own seat, Amane poked him and turned away in a huff.</p>
<p>After that, Amane stuffed his face with the contents of the rice bowl Itsuki and Chitose had thoughtfully served up with heaps of egg, and he quickly forgot the shame of being photographed with a big grin. Mahiru just wore a happy smile, not paying Itsuki or Chitose any attention.</p>
<p class="space-break">“Aaamaaaneee, starting today we’re eating lunch with you, too!”</p>
<p>One day, several days after the cooking class, Chitose bounded over wearing a beaming smile, dragging Mahiru along behind her. Amane’s cheek twitched.</p>
<p>He and Mahiru were acting less like acquaintances and more like regular friends around each other. They’d even begun chatting together in public. But Amane wondered if eating together might be moving too quickly.</p>
<p>Sure, if Chitose gave the pretense of coming over to eat with Itsuki, and Mahiru came with her, they could probably live under the assumption that Chitose had simply brought a friend. Their classmates shouldn’t find that too enviable or suspicious, Amane thought.</p>
<p>Allowing herself to be pulled along by Chitose, Mahiru wore a gentle smile, conducting herself as she always did—like an angel.</p>
<p>But Amane was very troubled because he could also see something a little mischievous in her expression. “Ah, maybe I should move over?” he asked.</p>
<p>Chitose was obviously not going to let him get away that easily. “Don’t worry about it! We’re the ones who decided to join your table, after all.”</p>
<p>Amane couldn’t help feeling like this was Chitose’s idea. But even when he glared at the smiling—no, grinning—Chitose, she didn’t seem at all bothered.</p>
<p>She must have planned this with Itsuki, or maybe he was just happy to be eating with his girlfriend, because Itsuki gave his usual smile and said, “Great idea; let’s all eat together.”</p>
<p>Amane withered under the expected stares of jealousy from all around them.</p>
<p>“Oh, are Shirakawa and Shiina eating with us, too?” Yuuta asked as he stepped up to the table, looking like he intended to join them.</p>
<p>Amane’s stomach started to ache.</p>
<p>“Yes, we were planning to sit with them today,” Mahiru said.</p>
<p>“Really, now?!” Yuuta smiled. “Well, we should have a rather lively lunch, then!”</p>
<p>Amane was feeling anything but lively.</p>
<p>He wasn’t upset with Yuuta.</p>
<p>He was just in complete shock that Mahiru had come over.</p>
<p><em>I’m so screwed.</em></p>
<p>“…Just give in, Amane; we’ve got you surrounded,” Itsuki mumbled quietly enough that Yuuta couldn’t hear, and Amane let out a huge, exhausted sigh.</p>
<p class="space-break">“Do you usually bring your lunch to school, Shiina?” Yuuta asked, indicating the open lunch box in front of Mahiru.</p>
<p>Amane and Itsuki always ate lunch in the cafeteria, so Mahiru and the others, who usually ate in the classroom, had joined them.</p>
<p>Once each of the boys had returned to their seats carrying the lunches they had ordered, Yuuta became curious about Mahiru’s lunch box.</p>
<p>Incidentally, Mahiru was sitting straight across from Amane. Chitose had encouraged her to take that seat, and there hadn’t been an opening for Amane to escape.</p>
<p>“Yes, but usually it’s just full of leftovers from dinner.”</p>
<p>On weeknights, Mahiru often cooked things that would pack well into a lunch box, separating the leftovers into one portion for Amane’s breakfast and one portion for her own lunch, so that was what she had packed today as well. He could see that the box contained the teriyaki chicken meatballs they had eaten yesterday.</p>
<p>“Wow, a homemade meal?”</p>
<p>“Yes. But really, it’s nothing special.”</p>
<p>“Mahirun, it’s not nice to lie!” Chitose interrupted. “You’re super talented at cooking.”</p>
<p>“How about apprenticing with Shiina?” Itsuki added.</p>
<p>Chitose pouted. “Itsuki, you’re so mean!”</p>
<p>“You just need to get her to teach you how to season things. You can cook the dishes themselves, but…your seasonings are strange.”</p>
<p>As she clearly demonstrated during the cooking class the other day, Chitose was actually a fairly accomplished cook. It was just that her desire to cause mischief often led her to experiment with unorthodox flavors. Itsuki often complained that everything would be fine, if she just didn’t have that bad habit.</p>
<p>“Okay, I’ll get Mahirun to start a one-on-one cooking class. We’ll get Amane to be the taste tester.”</p>
<p>“I don’t think so,” Amane replied. “Besides, that’ll make a lot of trouble for Shiina. Don’t be so quick to say stuff like that.”</p>
<p>“Actually, I don’t think it’ll be any trouble at all,” Mahiru said. “I think I’d enjoy cooking with Chitose again.”</p>
<p>“Yay! Mahirun, I love you! It’ll be so much fun! Leave your calendar open, Amane!”</p>
<p>Chitose was sitting beside Mahiru, clinging tightly to her with a wide smile.</p>
<p>Mahiru was smiling, too, as she nodded in agreement. Amane felt deeply moved to realize they had become very close friends.</p>
<p><em>Chitose just set up a date with Mahiru, right here in front of everyone, just like that.</em></p>
<p>Whether it was part of a larger plot, he couldn’t say. But when he looked at Chitose, he could see that she and Mahiru were smiling pleasantly at each other.</p>
<p>Amane’s face twitched as he noticed all their nearby classmates had their ears pricked up, emanating waves of unvoiced jealousy.</p>
<p>“…Hey, Itsuki?” Amane asked.</p>
<p>“Hmm?”</p>
<p>“You think I have any chance of surviving this?”</p>
<p>“Eh, you’ll be fine…probably.”</p>
<p>He was getting dirty looks from Mahiru’s fans, aka the boys who were madly in love with her. It wasn’t just his imagination. This had clearly been Chitose’s suggestion, so they weren’t directing the full brunt of their bloodlust at him just yet, but he feared what might happen the next time Mahiru suggested something, especially once it became more obvious that they were good friends.</p>
<p>Yuuta leaned over. “That sounds like fun, huh, Fujimiya?”</p>
<p>“…If I were you, I could probably get through this without people being so jealous.”</p>
<p>If Amane was attractive and talented like Yuuta, then people would see him and Mahiru as equals, and even if they were jealous, they’d think there was little to be done about it and simply give up.</p>
<p>“But I’m also jealous of you, Fujimiya.”</p>
<p>“Jealous of what?”</p>
<p>“All sorts of stuff,” Yuuta said cryptically. Then he laughed.</p>
<p>Amane couldn’t do anything but tilt his head in puzzlement.</p>
<p>Itsuki chimed in, “Now, hold on a minute. There may be something to what Yuuta’s saying.”</p>
<p>“Seriously?”</p>
<p>“It’s hard for people to recognize what they have. And those who have it can’t understand the feelings of those who don’t. On top of that, we all want what we don’t have. Chi’s definitely always whining about what she hasn’t got.”</p>
<p>“Meaning what?”</p>
<p>“Well, what’s one thing that Mahiru has plenty of but Chi doesn’t have…?”</p>
<p>“You’re definitely thinking something perverted right now, aren’t you?” Chitose interrupted. Apparently, she had been listening to their conversation, and even though she was wearing a broad grin, her eyes were not smiling.</p>
<p>Realizing that this topic was a proverbial land mine, Amane shut his mouth and watched as Chitose and Itsuki started bantering back and forth. Then he glanced over at Mahiru. She looked perplexed at Chitose and Itsuki’s exchange, but when she met Amane’s eyes, her expression changed into a smile.</p>
<p>It wasn’t her angelic smile, but something closer to the happy yet bashful expression she let him see at home, so Amane got flustered and quickly averted his eyes.</p>
<p class="space-break">“Were you surprised?”</p>
<p>At home, Mahiru was grinning impishly.</p>
<p>Amane couldn’t help but give her a wry smile back. “Surprised? I mean, I did think you came on pretty strong.”</p>
<p>“I know I said I was going to take it slow, but I thought it was about time to go to the next step. I’ve also recently realized we won’t make any progress if I don’t push you a little bit.”</p>
<p>“That’s true.”</p>
<p>She had probably been extra proactive because she knew Amane was constantly ready to flee, but in that setting, he had been surrounded and couldn’t get away easily.</p>
<p>Amane had been startled because he hadn’t expected Mahiru to be that pushy, but they had simply talked. She hadn’t tried to touch him or anything, so his mind was at ease.</p>
<p>If she had touched him innocently and casually like she did at home, he had no doubt that deadly blades of jealousy would have closed in on him for the kill. He depended on her, and she trusted him more than anyone else, but their classmates had no idea about any of that.</p>
<p>“I’m trying my best to take things bit by bit, so that it doesn’t shake up your routine too much. But Amane, if something bothers you, please tell me, okay?”</p>
<p>Mahiru was perfectly aware of her popularity. Amane knew she was taking great pains not to become too friendly with him too quickly, all so their classmates wouldn’t get jealous. Typical Mahiru—her first concern was protecting him.</p>
<p>Still, he couldn’t deny that, this time, he felt like Chitose had gone a little too far. It was too late to do anything about it now, though, so he would just have to be more cautious moving forward.</p>
<p>“Well, it’s okay for the time being…,” Amane said. “Though, I do get jealous looks.”</p>
<p>“Oh really? That’s… Don’t you hate that…?”</p>
<p>Apparently, she was still concerned about the fact that Amane had been sullen at first.</p>
<p>“But now I understand you were lonely. We were wrong to leave a friend out, and it was obviously hard on you.”</p>
<p>“…A friend, huh?”</p>
<p>“Hmm?”</p>
<p>“No, nothing.”</p>
<p>It definitely seemed like something was bothering her, but Mahiru didn’t appear inclined to talk about it. When she turned away, Amane realized he must have done something to dampen her high spirits.</p>
<p>He went right ahead and stroked her hair.</p>
<p>“…You aren’t thinking you can solve everything just by patting my head a couple times, right?”</p>
<p>“I don’t, but I thought it might make you happy.”</p>
<p>“Well, it does, but…please don’t do it to just any girl when you’re trying to smooth things over.”</p>
<p>“I don’t do it to anyone but you, Mahiru…”</p>
<p><em>To begin with, the only other girl I’m friends with is Chitose. And there’s no way I’m doing this with her. Besides, I don’t think it would make her very happy. No, Mahiru’s the only person I’d ever do this with—and the only person I’d ever want to. She’s the only one I want to pamper.</em></p>
<p>Amane thought he had made it clear that he was being serious. But Mahiru still looked upset, and she pounded her fist into one of the cushions.</p>
<p>Amane started drawing his hand back and was surprised when she head-butted him in the upper arm. It didn’t hurt, but he was still shocked by how Mahiru had become noticeably more aggressive lately.</p>
<p>“…Amane, you dummy.”</p>
<p>“Why do you say that?”</p>
<p>“Just how hard do I have to try…?”</p>
<p>“I—I don’t really understand what you’re saying, but you’ll wear yourself out if you try anything too hard, so you should probably take it easy…”</p>
<p>“If I don’t prod you along, we’ll never get anywhere.”</p>
<p>Mahiru looked a bit resentful as he peeked over the top of his shoulder, and yet he thought he could see embarrassment and a touch of anticipation in her shimmering eyes.</p>
<p>Amane couldn’t bring himself to meet her gaze. “It r-really seems like you want something from me.”</p>
<p>“…I just want what happens next…”</p>
<p><em>Next—?</em></p>
<p>Mahiru must have wanted something further from Amane, but at the moment, she didn’t seem to be making any additional requests, so for the time being, Amane decided to continue stroking her head gently and made every effort to please her.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>