<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:36090fb0-3f5f-4c84-a48f-620fa8be8134" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter022">
<p>Amane smiled again. “Okay, okay, that was my bad. I wasn’t expecting a struggle.”</p>
<p>“Oh, well excuse me for putting up a fight!” she replied. “It only happened because you pushed me down!”</p>
<p>“That was because you were hiding the photos my mom sent you behind my back.”</p>
<p>“Ack! …Ughhh.”</p>
<p>When it became clear that Mahiru wasn’t going to say anything else, Amane moved off of her, still smiling. He slipped a hand between the sofa and Mahiru’s back and helped her sit up. Mahiru moved her lips like she was mumbling something to herself and made an odd expression.</p>
<p>“So…,” Amane said. “Are you going to let me examine my own photographs?”</p>
<p>“…Knock yourself out,” she said with resignation. She still sounded annoyed, and her face was as red as ever, but she showed Amane the image list from the chat between his mother and her.</p>
<p>If he was to point out how badly she was blushing, she would probably rush right out of his apartment, so Amane resisted the urge to say anything else as he looked away so Mahiru couldn’t see his face.</p>
<p><em>…That was a surprise.</em></p>
<p>Amane was trying to stay calm, but even now his heart was pounding out a rhythm with explosive force.</p>
<p>He wasn’t sure what he might have done to Mahiru if he hadn’t stopped himself and pinched her instead. She had certainly shown no signs of stopping him.</p>
<p><em>Man, I was almost a real jerk just then…</em></p>
<p>Shame weighed heavy in his gut. Yes, it had been an accident, and maybe they were both at least a little bit to blame. But that certainly didn’t make it okay to touch Mahiru so intimately, in a manner usually reserved for lovers. That would not have been acceptable.</p>
<p>If he had gone ahead and kissed her, he was sure Mahiru would have burst into tears or something along those lines. It wouldn’t have been right to do something like that. He wasn’t her boyfriend or anything. And if he had done it anyway, she would have definitely cut him out of her life for good.</p>
<p>Amane didn’t want to be the kind of selfish person who only thought about what he wanted.</p>
<p>“…Amane, you said you wanted to check the photos, but are you even going to look at them?” Mahiru asked. She sounded even more sullen than before, and when Amane looked in her direction, he saw that the redness in her face had finally started to abate somewhat, and she had her cheeks puffed out a bit.</p>
<p>“Sorry, I was busy thinking.”</p>
<p>“Dummy.”</p>
<p>Mahiru didn’t often insult him, and she had used a word that was kind of cute, but Amane could tell from her tone that she was running out of patience, so he quickly looked down at the smartphone.</p>
<p>In the photo roll were pictures of Amane from preschool and elementary school. At a glance, he didn’t see anything especially painful, so that was a relief, but there were images of him beaming with an innocent smile he couldn’t even imagine emulating now, so he still felt awfully embarrassed.</p>
<p>Amane’s face was turning red for a different reason at this moment, and to distract himself from the shame welling up inside, he glanced over at Mahiru. She was no longer wearing a sullen expression—instead, she was staring dreamily out into space with her hand over her mouth, looking dazed.</p>
<p>Sensing that he wasn’t supposed to see her like that, Amane quickly lowered his eyes back to the phone.</p>
<p>His heart was pounding again, and he tried to focus his eyes and his mind on anything else.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>