<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:36090fb0-3f5f-4c84-a48f-620fa8be8134" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter005">
<p>“No, no, no.”</p>
<p>Mahiru stared quietly at Amane, who shook his head sharply at this incredibly unusual development. Amane was extremely confused as to why she had suddenly proposed such a thing. Mahiru, on the other hand, seemed perfectly calm, which only heightened his confusion.</p>
<p>“Is there something wrong with my lap?”</p>
<p>“N-no, that’s not—”</p>
<p>He quickly shook his head when he detected the displeasure in her voice.</p>
<p>The opportunity to rest your head in the lap of the person you like is a rare moment of exceptional good luck.</p>
<p>But whether he should simply go along and accept the favor was a different question entirely. No matter how much physical contact they’d had before, laying his head in her lap was a whole new level of intimacy. There was a good chance he would die of embarrassment. Their hug the other day had been urgent and for the sake of soothing and comforting Mahiru, so he hadn’t felt too self-conscious then, but this was a whole other matter.</p>
<p>“It’s fine; just get over here already.”</p>
<p>“N-no, that’s…”</p>
<p>“Amane.”</p>
<p>“…Fine.”</p>
<p>He had been trying to resist, but his willpower crumbled the moment Mahiru called his name with a smile. Her latent powers of persuasion revealed themselves once again as she invitingly smoothed the fabric of her skirt, wiping out all remaining pockets of resistance.</p>
<p><em>Thank goodness she’s wearing a long skirt</em>, he thought from the bottom of his heart as he hesitantly went to lie down on the sofa to rest his head in Mahiru’s lap. He had his back to her, looking out over her knees, as he felt the firm softness of her thighs.</p>
<p>Her slim legs, lean but still undeniably feminine, supported the weight of his head perfectly. Her lap was at just the right height, and he could smell her faint, sweet scent and feel the heat of her body. The last of his willpower dissolved as she brought a hand down and gently brushed his cheek.</p>
<p>“What would you do if I did something really rude while I was down here?” he muttered in a brusque voice, making his final attempt to put up a fight.</p>
<p>He heard a quiet laugh.</p>
<p>“I guess I would stand right up and then stomp on you.”</p>
<p>“Sorry I asked.”</p>
<p>Recently, Mahiru had been a bit more reserved, so hearing her tease him after so long was almost nostalgic. Amane apologized right away, in case the threat was serious, but Mahiru was smiling in amusement at Amane’s reaction.</p>
<p>“Well, I know you wouldn’t do anything like that. You don’t seem to have the courage or the energy.”</p>
<p>He had some complicated feelings about being called a coward so casually, but the truth was that he did not, in fact, have the nerve to try anything because he thought Mahiru would hate him if he did, so she wasn’t exactly wrong.</p>
<p>“Well, why don’t you just relax instead? It’ll be easier to reach you if you settle down.”</p>
<p>Amane didn’t have much reason to refuse as she gently ran her white fingers through his black hair, so he kept his mouth shut.</p>
<p><em>…She must be worried about me.</em></p>
<p>This was probably Mahiru’s way of cheering him up.</p>
<p>Amane guessed that she realized he was feeling stressed lately and decided to help him decompress. He wasn’t sure why her first thought was that it would be relaxing for him to lie down on her lap like this, but it was actually surprisingly comfortable, so he wasn’t going to complain. And his heart wasn’t pounding as hard as he’d expected, possibly because he was so worn out.</p>
<p>A pleasant drowsiness washed over him. He had no idea it could feel so nice to have someone gently comb their fingers through his hair. It had been a long time since he had been spoiled by someone like this, and he wasn’t sure what, if anything, he should do. He could feel himself sinking gradually into a deep sea of happiness and contentment. It probably wouldn’t be long before he was on the cusp of sleep.</p>
<p>Just as soft slumber was about to completely overtake him, Amane heard Mahiru say, “Well, doesn’t the young gentleman have a single thing to say about what it’s like to lay his head in a young lady’s lap?”</p>
<p>His eyes snapped open as he exhaled sharply.</p>
<p>“Ah, well, see—”</p>
<p>“I heard from Chitose that when a boy is tired, if you let him lie down on your lap, it’s like a dream come true and should help him feel better.”</p>
<p>Amane now realized he had Chitose’s meddling to thank for this unusual bit of intimacy. Though, he couldn’t honestly say she’d been completely off the mark. Actually, he really ought to thank her.</p>
<p>Amane pursed his lips as he thought about how he should answer Mahiru’s question. While he ruminated, she kept tapping his cheek with her finger.</p>
<p>Frankly, it was the greatest feeling ever, and he wished he could enjoy it every day. But he was worried if he said that, she would be disgusted or taken aback, so he didn’t say anything at all.</p>
<p>He couldn’t be completely honest, but on the other hand, he had to say something nice. He was being pampered here, so he couldn’t lie and claim it wasn’t all that special. However, he could practically envision himself saying something dumb and blunt that would drive her away.</p>
<p>After puzzling over it for a few moments, Amane decided to respond with some mild praise.</p>
<p>“…I think it’s really great. But don’t take that to mean anything weird.”</p>
<p>“How can I when it’s the first time I’ve done it?”</p>
<p>Amane couldn’t keep his heart from leaping at the words <em>first time</em>. He remembered that she didn’t like getting too close to boys and really avoided most physical contact altogether. Of course he would be the first.</p>
<p>When he realized how much Mahiru must trust him to let him get so close, Amane felt his chest and face grow hot. But Mahiru didn’t seem to notice and simply kept running her fingers through his hair with an air of satisfaction.</p>
<p>“Well, it’s something I wanted to try, so you just sit back and relax. I’m only petting you anyway.”</p>
<p>“…I guess.”</p>
<p>Mahiru emphasized that she was just doing as she pleased, so he didn’t need to hold back or be anxious. Feeling a bit sheepish about it all, Amane decided to take Mahiru up on her offer.</p>
<p>“…Amane, what do you think of our class this year?”</p>
<p>She had played with his hair in silence for a little while before casually posing the question.</p>
<p>“Hmm, well, I never thought we’d end up in the same class.”</p>
<p>He’d been hoping to have at least one friend in his class, but it hadn’t occurred to him that everyone could end up together.</p>
<p>“Heh-heh. It was fun to see you so stunned.”</p>
<p>“Hey… But yeah, it definitely caught me by surprise. I’ll have to be vigilant.”</p>
<p>“What do you mean?”</p>
<p>“I’ll need to keep my distance so I don’t speak to you too casually or act overly familiar.”</p>
<p>On the one hand, Amane felt relieved that his friends would be nearby, but on the other hand, since Mahiru was there, he would have to be careful about how they interacted. He would avoid talking to her whenever he could, but if he slipped up and let on that they were close, it would probably become a huge spectacle.</p>
<p>In spite of his feelings, he didn’t want to be indiscreet about his relationship with Mahiru at school. As far as Amane was concerned, as long as they could spend time together at home, that was fine by him. He had no desire to go out of his way to make enemies out of most of the boys at school.</p>
<p>As long as people didn’t know about their relationship, they wouldn’t try to talk to him. He planned on acting like the two of them were strangers. Thinking that surely Mahiru must understand, he let his eyes close—but she pinched his cheek between her fingers.</p>
<p>“…What’s wrong?”</p>
<p>“…Oh, nothing. I understand your logic, but I couldn’t let it slide without doing anything, so…”</p>
<p>“What’s that supposed to mean…?”</p>
<p>She seemed very sulky for some reason, but there was nothing Amane could do. He surmised that she wanted the two of them to talk like they always did, even at school. After all, she could relax around him. But she wasn’t the one who’d end up in trouble.</p>
<p>If Amane had been a popular and attractive guy—like Itsuki, for example—then maybe the two of them could hang out whenever and wherever they wanted. But since Amane was not popular or even sociable, it was a different story entirely.</p>
<p>It wasn’t hard to imagine that there might be people who would decide that Amane wasn’t worthy of the angel’s attention and hound him.</p>
<p>Amane was accustomed to being alone. What he didn’t need was the ire of his classmates.</p>
<p>“…Well, I’ll go along with it…for now,” Mahiru said eventually.</p>
<p>“I dunno how I feel about that ‘for now’…but it’s a start.”</p>
<p>“We’ll still act normal at home, though, right?”</p>
<p>“Of course… But if we’re going to act normal, shouldn’t I get out of your lap?”</p>
<p>“This doesn’t count.”</p>
<p>Mahiru announced this strange exception and brushed Amane’s hair again. Or rather, she played with it like she was kneading it. Amane knew that if he said anything more, Mahiru would pout again, and as long as he kept his mouth shut, he could keep savoring this blissful moment. It was an easy decision.</p>
<p>Maybe because she was pleased by Amane’s silent and docile reception, Mahiru started arranging his hair more deliberately.</p>
<p>Her movements were gentle and affectionate, as well as a little awkward, but Amane submitted to the comforting sensation, and it wasn’t long before he was utterly at her mercy.</p>
<p><em>…I’m really being spoiled…</em></p>
<p>If she kept this up, he would without a doubt sink into the deepest of slumbers. He felt his eyes start to drift closed again as he basked in Mahiru’s warmth, and another wave of sleepiness washed over him. Truly, there was no defying the lulling power of the angel’s lap.</p>
<p>He resisted the urge to roll over toward her and burrow into the inviting warmth and surround himself with her smell. He knew that if he did that, there would be no turning back, so he deliberately kept his back to her, just barely holding his ground.</p>
<p>As Mahiru continued stroking his head affectionately, he began to feel heavy, and after another moment of resistance, he finally surrendered to the irresistible comfort.</p>
<p>“…You look sleepy.”</p>
<p>He heard her quiet murmur but no longer had the energy to lift his eyelids.</p>
<p>“It’s all right; I’ll wake you up in a bit. Go ahead and rest.”</p>
<p>As he listened to her soft whispers, Amane could no longer stay awake and quickly yielded to the embrace of the sandman.</p>
<p class="space-break">When he lifted his heavy eyelids, Amane was looking up at two mountains covered by a blouse, and beyond that, Mahiru’s face, wearing a tender expression. He immediately sat up, eyes wide with surprise.</p>
<p>Apparently, he had turned over at some point in his sleep to face the ceiling. Because of that, he had been greeted with a rather bracing view upon waking, and his heart was thumping strangely.</p>
<p>“…How long was I out for?”</p>
<p>At this question, Mahiru let slip a faint smile.</p>
<p>“About an hour. You look so cute when you’re sleeping.”</p>
<p>“Don’t stare at me, geez.”</p>
<p>“You’re one to talk.”</p>
<p>He had attempted to rebuke Mahiru for her teasing, but she immediately turned the tables on him. It was true, he had watched Mahiru sleep several times before—and had gone as far as to touch her face once—so he really didn’t have much room to complain.</p>
<p>“I let you see me with my guard down, so I thought it was time to even the score.”</p>
<p>“But you fell asleep all on your own…so…mghnhgh…”</p>
<p>“Oh, so you’re talking back to me now?”</p>
<p>She gently pinched both his cheeks.</p>
<p>“Showwy…,” Amane meekly apologized, still struggling to talk properly.</p>
<p>“Very well. Good grief.”</p>
<p>Apparently satisfied with Amane’s apology, Mahiru stopped tugging at his cheeks and started poking at them instead. In the end, it didn’t change the fact that she was touching his face, but Amane had also pinched her, so this was his just deserts.</p>
<p>His cheeks were less pliable and stretchy than Mahiru’s, so he didn’t see how pinching them could be all that much fun. Still, Mahiru kept it up with a happy smile, slowing tracing a finger down his cheek.</p>
<p>“You look much better now.”</p>
<p>“Did I really look that worn out earlier?”</p>
<p>“Not exactly. But I see you every day, so I can tell. I mean, you notice whenever I’m having a hard time, right, Amane?”</p>
<p>“Guess that’s true.”</p>
<p>“It’s that sort of thing.”</p>
<p>Mahiru made this declaration with a blank expression, then traced over Amane’s cheek again and smiled impishly.</p>
<p>“Whenever things get tough, I want you to lean on me, okay? Just like you let me lean on you.”</p>
<p>“…I’ll try.”</p>
<p>Suddenly, Mahiru pinched him again, gripping his cheeks between her thumbs and two fingers.</p>
<p>Hoping to save his poor face from further pinch-related damage, he replied in a panic, “F-fine, I understand!”</p>
<p>Mahiru nodded in satisfaction. “Good.”</p>
<p>“…This is coercion, you know.”</p>
<p>“Women can be forceful when we need to be. Besides, I never let anyone other than you see me behave this way, so there’s no problem, really.”</p>
<p>“Uh, there’s plenty of problems.”</p>
<p><em>If anything, that’s scarier.</em></p>
<p>Mahiru had also just admitted that she gave Amane special treatment. But she didn’t seem particularly concerned about the implications of what she just said and simply smiled when she saw Amane’s obvious embarrassment.</p>
<p>“You dummy,” Amane muttered, turning away in a weak attempt to hide his chagrin.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>