<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:36090fb0-3f5f-4c84-a48f-620fa8be8134" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter025">
<p>“…Well, if you’re going to be trouble anyway, you might as well go all the way.”</p>
<p>“But… What you were saying earlier…”</p>
<p>“That was that, and this is this.”</p>
<p>“Oh…?”</p>
<p>He wasn’t sure what Mahiru meant, but she certainly seemed to have something in mind, so far be it from Amane to argue.</p>
<p>If Mahiru thought he seemed troublesome, then he probably was. But he didn’t know how to respond when she told him to up the ante.</p>
<p>“I can be crafty, too, you know,” Mahiru said. “So I suppose I really don’t have much room to complain.”</p>
<p>“In what way, Mahiru?”</p>
<p>“Hmm, I wonder?”</p>
<p>He felt her body tremble slightly with laughter.</p>
<p>“If you haven’t realized yet that I also have a few tricks up my sleeve, you still have a long way to go, Amane.”</p>
<p>Even though Amane couldn’t see her face, it was clear she was laughing gleefully. Gracefully, she slipped out of his arms and whirled around to face him.</p>
<p>Her expression when she did was vibrant, and mischievous, and tender, and sweet—a lovely and beautiful smile that would enchant anyone who saw it. Amane was speechless.</p>
<p>When she saw Amane like that, Mahiru seemed satisfied, and she turned and headed for the kitchen in her usual high spirits.</p>
<p>Amane watched her leave the room and then collapsed onto the sofa.</p>
<p><em>…You’re a big dummy, too, you know.</em></p>
<p>What was she trying to do, flashing him a look like that? He didn’t think he could string together the words to ask her. All he could do was sit there, grumbling quietly.</p>
<p>But the pain in the depths of his chest was gone.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>