<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:36090fb0-3f5f-4c84-a48f-620fa8be8134" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter003">
<p>“Mahirun, school lets out early today, so let’s go eat crepes on the way home! The crepe place in front of the station is super tasty!”</p>
<p>“That sounds nice. I’d like to go if you really don’t mind.”</p>
<p>It might have been Amane’s imagination, but he thought he saw her glance in his direction again. As far as Amane was concerned, she certainly didn’t need to get his permission every time she wanted to go somewhere, and he had no intention of being a burden who kept her from going out when she wanted. He could always eat fast food or go to a convenience store for lunch. Mahiru was cultivating a budding friendship, and Amane was happy for her.</p>
<p>Chitose was very good at connecting with people like that, so he hoped they would have fun together—and that she would show Mahiru, who didn’t typically hang out with many other people, a good time without wearing her out too much.</p>
<p>Mahiru was probably the one who would benefit most from having Chitose in the same class. She was already smiling happily, despite Chitose’s intensity. Amane felt a smile of his own slide into place.</p>
<p class="space-break">The first day of the new semester consisted of an opening ceremony, then self-introductions and general announcements in the classroom. Once that was all over, the students were dismissed.</p>
<p>Since school let out before lunchtime, Amane had been planning to eat with Mahiru, but instead, he bought a boxed lunch from the convenience store he had come to rely on less and less frequently. After getting home and devouring his basic meal, he sprawled out lazily on the sofa.</p>
<p>Amane had many acquaintances in his new class, and from what he could tell, most of the other students were on the calm side, so it seemed like he would be able to manage one way or another. It was a huge relief to know so many of his classmates. It would have been depressing to spend a year’s worth of classes without even one friend.</p>
<p>Amane had enough self-awareness to understand he had a gloomy disposition, so he expected it would be quite a hurdle to make new friends and get to know them. He had a hard time trusting people in general.</p>
<p>While idly thinking about what a feat it was to have befriended Itsuki and lauding his past self for his foresight, Amane slowly let his eyes slide shut.</p>
<p>Being in an unfamiliar classroom had been a bit taxing. Coupled with post-meal sleepiness, it meant that Amane drifted off in no time.</p>
<p class="space-break">For Amane, brushing up against the memories he had sealed away brought a small yet sharp pain, like grazing a hangnail.</p>
<p>Normally, he was able to forget about them and chase them to the depths of his mind by focusing on the many good things in his life.</p>
<p>Since meeting Mahiru, he had barely even thought about them anymore, and when the memories did reappear, they were like bubbles that burst the moment they hit the surface of the water. Those pinpricks only lingered briefly. The recent, sudden increase might have been due to the new school year, or maybe it had been triggered when he learned about Mahiru’s past. Or possibly because he’d realized that Itsuki, who had been his first new friend after everything had happened, was also buddies with Yuuta.</p>
<p><em>“Let’s have a great year.”</em></p>
<p>There had been another boy once who had said that and extended a hand to Amane.</p>
<p>At the time, Amane had been more trusting—and less wary of others. He had always been surrounded by good people and never learned to recognize when someone meant to hurt him.</p>
<p>And so he didn’t doubt the boy. He didn’t doubt any of them.</p>
<p><em>“—You…from the very start—”</em></p>
<p>Amane jolted awake, and the words he knew came next faded away.</p>
<p class="space-break">Through blurry eyes, he could see spring sunlight streaming in through the window, gently illuminating the dark, familiar apartment.</p>
<p>There was no one there except Amane and no sound other than his own breathing, which was rougher than usual.</p>
<p>He let out a heavy sigh as he looked at the clock and noted that about an hour had passed since he’d dozed off. A considerable nap, but Amane still felt completely exhausted, probably because of his bad dreams.</p>
<p>Given how tired his body and mind felt, he could have easily gone to sleep again, but he had suddenly lost any inclination to try and rest.</p>
<p><em>I should at least wash my face and clear my head.</em></p>
<p>Hoping that a little fresh water might wash away any lingering dregs of melancholy, Amane headed for the sink.</p>
<p class="space-break">“…You don’t look so good, Amane.”</p>
<p>Although he had washed up, the hazy feeling in Amane’s chest hadn’t cleared up. It had only receded just enough for him to stow it in the depths of his heart and wait to forget about it again. He thought he’d managed to wipe any traces of it from his expression so he wouldn’t arouse Mahiru’s suspicions, but she was very perceptive and wouldn’t be fooled so easily. She had come by after her outing with Chitose, and when they had settled down after dinner, she studied Amane’s face and questioned him.</p>
<p>“…Are you feeling sick?”</p>
<p>“No, nothing like that… Uh, it’s just that…I took a nap, but I had kind of a bad dream, I guess.”</p>
<p>“Oh, you had a nightmare?” She gave him an inquisitive look.</p>
<p>“Mm, sort of.” Amane shook his head. “Not a big deal, really. No need to worry.” It was a thin excuse.</p>
<p><em>Mahiru is sharp. She’ll leave it at that if it’s clear that’s what I want. She’s the type to let up if she knows I don’t want to talk right now.</em></p>
<p>Amane didn’t want to shut her out completely, but it was still a sore spot for him, so he kept her at a bit of a distance. He knew Mahiru wouldn’t press the issue.</p>
<p>Mahiru seemed to have sensed that Amane had no intention of opening up at the moment, and she was simply staring intently at him with focused caramel-colored eyes. She clearly wasn’t angry, or sad, or troubled. It made him feel a little awkward, but Mahiru didn’t stop staring, as if to say she understood what he was going through.</p>
<p>“What is it?”</p>
<p>“Nothing; just thinking that your hair looks especially soft.”</p>
<p>“Huh?”</p>
<p>He had been on his guard, wondering what she was going to say next, so this sudden non sequitur caught him by surprise. He had been anticipating an interrogation of some sort, so the mention of his hair left him struggling to respond.</p>
<p>Mahiru was examining Amane’s hair with her usual expression.</p>
<p>“Can I touch it?”</p>
<p>“What is this, all of a sudden…? I mean, you can if you like, but—”</p>
<p>“Oh really? In that case, come here.”</p>
<p>Mahiru moved to the edge of the sofa and patted her lap.</p>
<p>Amane responded once more with, “Huh?”</p>
<p>He didn’t understand.</p>
<p>“Put your head here so I can reach.”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>