<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:36090fb0-3f5f-4c84-a48f-620fa8be8134" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter019">
<p>“Amane, she let me pet her!”</p>
<p>Mahiru smiled gleefully at Amane as she finally got to pet a cat, stroking the fur in the right direction.</p>
<p>Perhaps a sign of how carefully the cats were looked after, Cacao’s fur was shiny and incredibly soft. She didn’t smell bad, either, and had just a faint hint of cat odor. She was obviously treasured dearly by the staff.</p>
<p>All the cats had nice coats and looked healthy, and there weren’t any that were extremely fat or too thin. And all the lively cats were free to move about as they pleased.</p>
<p>“…So cute.”</p>
<p>“They really are, aren’t they? …I’m jealous of you, Amane…”</p>
<p>“How about you call Cacao over to you? Tell her to come sit in your lap.”</p>
<p>The cats couldn’t understand words, but gestures seemed to communicate surprisingly well.</p>
<p>As a test, Mahiru patted her lap and called “Come here,” and Cacao meowed once, then slowly moved over to sit on the offered spot.</p>
<p>Mahiru’s expression of excitement at that moment was so full of joy that just seeing it was enough to make Amane happy, too.</p>
<p>“Look, she sat on me!”</p>
<p>“That’s great. Hey, she wants you to pet her.”</p>
<p>Cacao must have preferred Mahiru’s soft lap over Amane’s hard one, for she meowed even louder than before and pushed her face into Mahiru’s palm.</p>
<p>Smiling at the beaming Mahiru, who was rubbing the cat to her heart’s content, Amane captured the moment with his smartphone.</p>
<p>“Is this photo all right?”</p>
<p>“…This one’s okay,” Mahiru said as she stroked Cacao.</p>
<p>Amane kept smiling at her and stood up.</p>
<p>Along the wall were bookshelves filled with magazines and comics, so he intended to bring several of them back to the table.</p>
<p>This place was called a cat café, but that didn’t mean one would constantly be playing with cats. His main goal was to spend a comfortable time in a space where there were cats around, so relaxing with some reading material was also an option.</p>
<p>While Mahiru was absorbed in petting Cacao, Amane chose something to read from the shelves without much thought. That was when he noticed that Silky, the cat that had greeted Mahiru when they first came in, was at his feet.</p>
<p>He crouched down and put his index finger near her nose, and as expected, she sniffed him in greeting.</p>
<p>This gesture was quite adorable, so his cheeks softened into another smile as he watched her fondly. When she was done smelling him, Silky lifted a front paw and leaned against him, as if she was going to leap into his arms.</p>
<p>Silky meowed in a higher pitch than Cacao and touched him again, so Amane sat cross-legged on the floor.</p>
<p>The cat had a high-class aura but seemed to be comfortable around people, and she was allowing him to pet her. When he tried stroking her, she put on a very satisfied expression.</p>
<p>She was purring and nuzzling him, so he took that as a sign that she wanted him to pet her more. In accordance with the wishes of the noble Lady Silky, he gently and carefully stroked her back.</p>
<p>There was a cat at Itsuki’s house, so he understood how to do the petting. He watched Silky carefully and adjusted his motions to keep her happy and docile.</p>
<p><em>So cute…</em></p>
<p>He could feel her purring, and another gentle smile soon slipped onto his lips. At first, she had behaved a bit coldly, so he hadn’t expected her to be so permissive and fawning.</p>
<p><em>Now that I think about it, she’s kind of like Mahiru.</em></p>
<p>Mahiru had also been cold and standoffish at first, but once she let her guard down, she started gazing at him with trust in her eyes, fawning over him, and getting comfortable. In that way, she had reminded him of a cat.</p>
<p>Inwardly bestowing Silky with the moniker Angel Two, Amane enjoyed petting her. Suddenly, he heard the sound of a camera shutter. He looked up and saw that Mahiru had approached without him noticing and taken a picture with her smartphone.</p>
<p>“I thought you were taking a while… So you made friends with Silky, huh?”</p>
<p>“I don’t know why, but she came over to see me.”</p>
<p>“You’re so stingy… I want to pet her, too…”</p>
<p>“What happened to Cacao?”</p>
<p>“Cats have a mind of their own…”</p>
<p>Apparently, the cat had gone off somewhere.</p>
<p>He looked around the café and saw Cacao curled up on the second story of a cat tower. Just a moment ago, she had been sitting with Mahiru, but she must have changed her mind.</p>
<p>“Is Silky your favorite, Amane?”</p>
<p>“Well, I haven’t petted all of them yet to really start comparing… But yeah, she kind of resembles you, so I’d like to keep petting her.”</p>
<p>“Resembles me?”</p>
<p>“I mean, you were pretty standoffish at first, kind of cold and blunt, but once you decided you liked me, you warmed up quickly.”</p>
<p>Sure, it was catlike for her to let her guard down and fawn on him, but he thought that the way she trusted him and relished his attention was more doglike, so he thought of her as a cross between a cat and dog.</p>
<p>Mahiru didn’t seem to realize just how badly she was spoiling him, which made Amane feel happy yet embarrassed at the same time.</p>
<p>“…I am not a cat. Besides, it’s not like I get attached to just anyone.”</p>
<p>“Well, that’s because you’re very wary.”</p>
<p>“…You haven’t been thinking of me as a cat?”</p>
<p>“I haven’t, I haven’t,” he answered, stroking the cat in his lap the same way he always patted Mahiru. “Right?” he sought Silky’s agreement.</p>
<p>Either she was good at reading the room, or it was just a coincidence, but Silky meowed, right on cue so even Mahiru couldn’t press the matter any further.</p>
<p>But Mahiru looked at him with a fairly dissatisfied expression, so Amane used his unoccupied left hand to stroke Mahiru’s head.</p>
<p>“…So you do think of me as a cat.”</p>
<p>“Sort of. Here, how about you play with Silky? It looks like they’ll lend you some toys if you go to the front desk.”</p>
<p>“You’re not getting out of this that easily.”</p>
<p>“…So you don’t want to play with her, then?” he asked as he teased the cat.</p>
<p>Mahiru pouted slightly and grumbled “You don’t play fair, Amane,” then headed for the front desk to borrow some cat toys.</p>
<p>Amane had been planning to switch places with her and go to the desk himself, so he watched her with wide eyes, then tilted his head in confusion as he recalled Mahiru’s expression, which had been a little sulky for some reason.</p>
<p>“What does that mean, I don’t play fair? …Is she talking about playing with Silky?” He muttered as he pondered the reason for Mahiru’s sour expression, but the cat just meowed as if to say “How should I know?” and nestled its head in his palm again.</p>
<p>Ultimately, the reason for Mahiru’s pouting wasn’t really clear, but as she played with the cats, her mood quickly improved, and she was soon smiling at him again.</p>
<p>After a certain point, Mahiru stopped paying attention to Amane and focused entirely on the cats. He smiled wryly as he watched her play, but for some reason, the cats kept settling into Amane’s lap.</p>
<p>Mahiru saw this and started sulking again, but Silky, as if to say “There’s no helping it,” moved over to sit on Mahiru’s thighs, and all was well again.</p>
<p>There must have been something about Amane that the cats appreciated, because as he was petting them, even though he had no treats to give, other cats continued to swarm around him.</p>
<p>Eventually, though, they reached the end of their allotted time in the café. The two of them used lint rollers to remove cat hair from their clothes and washed their hands, and as Amane finished, Mahiru went to get the bill, then looked at him with dissatisfaction.</p>
<p>“Why are you making that face?” he asked.</p>
<p>“You didn’t have to go to the trouble of doing that.”</p>
<p>“It’s no trouble. It’s for my own satisfaction, so don’t worry about it.” Amane had gone ahead and paid for everything already, so she didn’t have to. “Actually, think of it as my way of saying thanks for coming with me to a cat café, a place I never would have gone into alone. Okay?”</p>
<p>“…But—”</p>
<p>“Let me treat you in situations like this. If you don’t agree, then… All right, how about coming with me again to make it even?”</p>
<p>“…I can’t do anything but agree to that, can I?”</p>
<p>“Well, I’m for this plan, too, so it’s a win-win. No problem!”</p>
<p>Mahiru pressed her lips together tightly and nudged Amane’s upper arm, then squeezed Amane’s hand again.</p>
<p class="space-break">Amane and Mahiru had lunch at a restaurant they had picked out in advance, one with a good reputation, before heading to the shopping mall. It was a popular restaurant, and as expected, the food was tasty, just like the reviews reported. Perhaps it was a simple matter of opinion, but Amane still thought Mahiru’s cooking edged out ahead, confirming once more that hers was the very best.</p>
<p>Seeing as how it was Golden Week, there were quite a few more customers in the mall than there might have been on a typical weekday, so gripping tightly onto Mahiru’s hand, Amane stopped beside a wall so they could figure out where they wanted to go before diving into the crowds.</p>
<p>“So then, what will we do in the mall? You mentioned shopping, but is there something in particular you want to buy?”</p>
<p>“N-nothing specific, but um, I thought it sounded fun to have a look around together… I-is that all right?”</p>
<p>“Yeah, that’s fine. I’m good with window-shopping.”</p>
<p>At home, he had often been dragged around by his mother, and his family would also sometimes go out shopping, so he had built up a tolerance to an activity that some found fairly agonizing.</p>
<p>Besides, it wouldn’t be a bad idea to get a look at some things that Mahiru wanted to see.</p>
<p>“Where do you want to start? There are all sorts of shops—variety goods, clothes, interior decorating…”</p>
<p>This enormous shopping complex had an almost uncountable number of clothing and accessory stores, restaurants, variety shops, and entertainment facilities all crammed in wall-to-wall; so many stores over such a wide area that they couldn’t possibly see it all in one day. Since it would be impossible to look around the entire mall, he had to get her to provide at least some direction.</p>
<p>“All right… Can we start with clothes?”</p>
<p>“Sure. You buying a new outfit?”</p>
<p>“I want to buy something, if there’s anything good. They’ve got this summer’s styles out, so I’d like to get some new clothes.”</p>
<p>“Summer, huh…? That came quickly.”</p>
<p>The sweaty season was about to start, but even so, it was still the time of year when the sunlight was warm and cheerful, so he thought it was a bit hasty to switch over to summer clothes just yet. The stores, of course, had to anticipate the approaching season, but still, Amane couldn’t shake the springtime feeling.</p>
<p>“This summer… Uh, you’ll be coming home with me…will you?”</p>
<p>“Ah y-yes. If it’s all right with you and your parents, that is.” She seemed to remember the earlier conversation about coming with him to his parents’ home the next time he went, and she nodded eagerly.</p>
<p>“I asked my mom once more after we talked, and she said you’re definitely welcome. Actually, she insisted I bring you.”</p>
<p>His parents would probably agree to let her stay even if he didn’t check with them first, but they would have to get a room ready and everything, so he had made sure to ask ahead, and they’d promised to give her a warm welcome.</p>
<p>He was certain to hear complaints from his mother if he showed up without her, so he was grateful for Mahiru’s enthusiasm.</p>
<p>“Well, my hometown’s not that impressive, you know. Although, I guess there’s plenty to do.”</p>
<p>“Really?”</p>
<p>“Well, my mother never had trouble finding a new place to drag me. There’s a shopping mall like this one, a ridiculously huge wilderness park, a stupidly large water park, just general stuff like that.”</p>
<p>Amane’s hometown was in a nice, central location, not too urban and not too rural, so it was a place where people wouldn’t get bored in the summer or winter. Far from it, there were so many things to do that it was a distinct danger to be dragged around from place to place and not have any time to be alone.</p>
<p>The water park would be open in the summer, so it would feel really nice to go on the slides and swim around and relax. There was also a large water park in the area where they were living now, so they could probably also go swim there right after the start of summer vacation.</p>
<p>Amane wasn’t especially good at sports, but he didn’t have anything against being active. He liked to swim, so it would probably be nice to go by himself, too. There was no way that he could tell Mahiru he’d like to go to the pool with her, because the invitation would sound too much like he had an obvious ulterior motive.</p>
<p>“Swimming is optional at our school, so if you don’t take it, you don’t get the chance to swim, so it might be nice to go swimming. If you want to, you could go with my mom… Mahiru?”</p>
<p>“Uh, no, it’s nothing…”</p>
<p>“Ah, don’t worry. I’m not thinking that I want to see you in a swimsuit or anything rude like that.”</p>
<p>“I d-didn’t think you were. A p-pool, huh?”</p>
<p>“Is there something wrong with that?”</p>
<p>Amane always thought of swimming pools in the summertime, and not in a weird way or anything, but Mahiru shook her head with slightly stiff movements.</p>
<p>“W-well…umm…”</p>
<p>“Hmm?”</p>
<p>“A-as long as I don’t have to swim, um…I could consider going…”</p>
<p>“…Is it possible that you don’t know how to swim?”</p>
<p>She blatantly refused to meet his eyes. Apparently, he had been right on the money.</p>
<p>“…I honestly thought you could do literally anything.”</p>
<p>“O-of course I can’t do everything. Swimming is optional, so I thought I could get by without telling anyone.”</p>
<p>Her face was turning redder by the second. She was obviously embarrassed.</p>
<p>“I don’t know what to say; I didn’t expect that…”</p>
<p>“Th-that’s enough about swimming already, isn’t it? Come on, let’s go.”</p>
<p>Mahiru didn’t seem to want him to dwell on the fact that she couldn’t swim, and with a very red face, she tugged at his hand. Well, not exactly tugged—she pressed her body against his arm and squeezed it tightly. It was clear she was trying to push him to get started with their window-shopping because she wanted to avoid the topic, but she couldn’t find any traction.</p>
<p>All the fabric on the clothes in the shops was more lightweight, to match the changing seasons as the weather gradually got warmer. The chiffon blouse Mahiru had on that day, for example, was very light and thin, and it had a wide collar, exposing much of her neck and shoulders. And Amane discovered at this moment that he was at just the right angle to see directly down the front of her undershirt.</p>
<p>But he had a feeling that if he pointed that out right now, she would run away in a huff, so instead he kept his mouth shut and gently extracted his arm from Mahiru’s grasp, then firmly took her by the hand.</p>
<p>Frankly, he wouldn’t have minded being able to enjoy the view for a little while longer, but his feelings of guilt took over and internally he derided himself for being a spineless loser.</p>
<p>“I hear you, I hear you. Don’t run; you’ll fall.”</p>
<p>“…I’m not a child.”</p>
<p>Mahiru thankfully turned away, apparently unaware of Amane’s agitation, and Amane, too, turned to look outside, hoping to escape her gaze for a bit.</p>
<p>Desperately trying to drive the lingering feeling of that softness pressing up against his arm out of his mind, Amane sighed quietly enough that Mahiru couldn’t hear.</p>
<p class="space-break">Amane gazed down the long row of shops as Mahiru tugged him along by the hand, but once again, all he could think about was how much attention she attracted.</p>
<p>She possessed a simple and clean beauty that befitted her nickname of “the angel.” But right now, Mahiru was exuding an aura of carefree joy that made him want to wrap his arms around her.</p>
<p>In angel mode, Mahiru had the beauty and ephemerality of a painting and made onlookers feel like she must not be touched or interfered with. However, that was a fragile, artificial kind of beauty, and Amane knew it wasn’t who she really was. The girl holding his hand was wearing a genuine, carefree smile and brimming with life. Without her even saying a word, he could tell from her expression and the way she held his hand, and even the way she walked, that she was having a lot of fun.</p>
<p>Her usual restrained smile was beautiful, too, but he thought she looked much cuter when she let her feelings show on her face and smiled with her whole being, rather than keeping it all bottled up.</p>
<p>“…Is something the matter?” she suddenly asked.</p>
<p>“No,” he answered. “I was just thinking that we get a lot of stares when we’re walking together.”</p>
<p>Both men and women were turning to look at them as they passed, which really drove home the reality of Mahiru’s beauty.</p>
<p>“…I don’t think I’m the only one they’re looking at, you know?”</p>
<p>“Well, I’m sure some of them are taking the time to size up the guy escorting you.”</p>
<p>“That’s not what I mean, geez!”</p>
<p>She looked up at him with disappointment but didn’t seem inclined to elaborate, only squeezing his hand tightly again. He heard her mumble quietly, “His self-esteem is a real problem…”</p>
<p>But Amane knew that if he was with Mahiru, he would be under strict scrutiny, and it was also obvious that he could never compare favorably to her, so this wasn’t really an issue of self-esteem or anything like that, as far as he was concerned.</p>
<p>“All right, listen up,” Mahiru said. “I’ll try to say this as frankly as possible so you can understand.”</p>
<p>“Huh? What’s with that voice? Scary.”</p>
<p>“How rude…” She pressed on his nose with her index finger and silenced him. “This is your own fault, you know?”</p>
<p>But instead of pouting, Mahiru wore a teasing smile as she repeatedly poked at Amane’s nose, then pulled away once satisfied and tugged on Amane’s hand. Actually, it would be more accurate to say she pressed up against his arm again.</p>
<p>“…Things would move along a lot faster if you just had a little confidence,” Mahiru grumbled, putting her forehead against his upper arm.</p>
<p>Amane couldn’t stand it. He had to look away.</p>
<p><em>…It’s not on purpose; she doesn’t mean it.</em></p>
<p>Amane was trying not to think about the softness pressed up against him. He tried to politely open up some distance between them, but Mahiru clutched his arm as if to tell him not to go anywhere.</p>
<p>He shuddered, thinking that if this was all intentional, she was acting like quite the little devil. But he was convinced she wasn’t aware of what she was doing, so he shuddered for a different reason.</p>
<p>If things continued this way, he was going to blow his top, so Amane somehow turned his conscious mind to other things and took an easy look around at the area. Exactly when he needed it, he spotted a store lined with racks of understated clothes that Mahiru might like.</p>
<p>“Hey, the clothes on that mannequin seem like they would suit you. Want to go take a look?”</p>
<p>He pointed out the shop with his free hand, hoping to divert attention from the fire currently searing his cheeks, and Mahiru asked, “Are those the sorts of clothes you like, Amane?” She seemed interested, so their feet naturally led them toward the shop. “How about this one?”</p>
<p>“Yeah, well, you look good in everything, but something like this does seems like it would suit you in particular.”</p>
<p>The mannequin was dressed in an off-the-shoulder dress with thin stripes on a white field. It was summer clothing, so the fabric was fairly thin, and the shoulders were exposed. It looked cool and comfortable for warm-weather outings.</p>
<p>This style of clothing looked really good on women who were slender and had pretty décolletage, so he was sure it would look great on Mahiru. He mentally dressed her in the outfit as she stood there next to the mannequin and was immediately able to imagine her looking light and breezy in it. It was a look that would go well with a straw hat.</p>
<p>“I’ll just go try it on, okay?”</p>
<p>Mahiru picked up one of the same from a rack of dresses hanging next to the mannequin, as if she had either decided quickly or had always been planning to try it on.</p>
<p>Amane was a bit taken aback by her sudden enthusiasm. He accepted the bag she entrusted to him, and she immediately disappeared into the fitting room.</p>
<p>He waited for Mahiru to change clothes, baffled by her excitement, and ended up even more baffled because for some reason he kept finding himself on the receiving end of warm looks from people nearby. It wasn’t just the store clerk—the other customers were smiling at him pleasantly, which made Amane extremely uncomfortable.</p>
<p>As he waited for Mahiru, he wished from the bottom of his heart that she would return soon. Finally, the fitting room curtain opened, and Mahiru stepped out.</p>
<p>But she hadn’t changed into the dress.</p>
<p>“Welcome back… You didn’t put it on?”</p>
<p>“No, I put it on and checked the size. But… Well, I can’t show it to you right now, because I don’t have on the right underwear…”</p>
<p>“S-sorry I asked.”</p>
<p>The chiffon blouse she was currently wearing also showed a fair amount of cleavage, but not as much as an off-the-shoulder dress. It sounded like she needed to have on different underthings than usual when wearing clothes that exposed so much shoulder, so she wasn’t ready to immediately show him the dress.</p>
<p>“But you were kind enough to point out that it would suit me, and I put it on and liked it, so I’m buying it.”</p>
<p>She took her bag back from him and went to the register with the dress in her arms, so Amane followed her in a fluster.</p>
<p>He started fishing his wallet out, thinking he ought to pay for it, since he was the one who said it would suit Mahiru, but she stopped him as she was already groping around in her own bag.</p>
<p>“You can’t pay. I need to buy this myself and show it off to you.”</p>
<p>“O-oh.”</p>
<p>“Though I won’t be able to wear it until it gets warmer. I’ll hold on to it until summer. You can look forward to seeing it.”</p>
<p>She looked bashful as she finished paying, and Amane shut his mouth tight and tried desperately to resist the urge to collapse on the spot.</p>
<p><em>Dammit, she’s saying such ridiculously cute things. It sounds like she’s saying she’s going to wear it just for me. My heart can’t take this.</em></p>
<p>He caught the eye of the store clerk who was taking Mahiru’s payment, and she smiled at him with a truly friendly expression, so Amane couldn’t do anything but bite his lip and avert his eyes.</p>
<p class="space-break">Amane and Mahiru had enjoyed window-shopping together—actually, since they’d made a purchase, it was more accurate to just call it shopping at this point—but Amane had temporarily split off from Mahiru and was on his own.</p>
<p>That was because Mahiru had gone to buy something she wanted to check out on her own and said she needed to be alone for a bit. This outing had been Mahiru’s suggestion to begin with, and Amane figured that girls had all sorts of shopping that they wouldn’t want other people to know about, so he readily parted ways and went over to a pillar near the mall fountain they’d designated as a meeting place.</p>
<p>Amane was plenty used to accompanying women on marathon shopping trips thanks to his mother, and he was also accustomed to waiting for them when they dragged him around places. At the end of the day, he didn’t dislike waiting quietly by himself, so he did just that, without the slightest shred of irritation.</p>
<p>The staring decreased after he split off from Mahiru, which made him a little more comfortable, and this intermission was just what he needed to give his overburdened heart a brief rest.</p>
<p><em>…She’s so adorable and keeps touching me. I’m not sure how much longer I can hold on…</em></p>
<p>Mahiru was showing a side of herself she usually held back. She was joyful and genuine and unspeakably charming.</p>
<p>Mahiru must have been perfectly aware of just how extraordinary her appearance was, but she also seemed indifferent to her own beauty. Maybe it was because Amane treated her as a friend and didn’t make a big deal about it, but she didn’t make a fuss about her looks in front of him, and she let him see her natural cuteness, smell her sweetness, feel her softness, and so much more. Amane knew he was extremely lucky to be able to enjoy her company like that, but he felt too guilty to really appreciate it.</p>
<p>He was racked with shame just remembering it all, but he couldn’t let it show in public, so he drew his lips in tight and quietly closed his eyes.</p>
<p>All these thoughts were making him restless, so he shook his head slowly to drive them from his mind.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Amane heard a high-pitched voice from close by. “Um, excuse me.”</p>
<p>His eyes snapped open at the sound of an unfamiliar voice, and he looked forward to see two girls smiling at him. They were probably about college age. At least, they looked older than him. They were dressed stylishly for a Golden Week outing and smiling at Amane, who had his eyes narrowed suspiciously.</p>
<p>“Excuse me, are you alone? Do you have some free time?”</p>
<p>He was astonished to hear the girls ask him that.</p>
<p>He would have thought that, with his head hung low, it would have been obvious he didn’t want to talk to anybody, so it shocked him that these girls were so bold. It was unfortunate that they seemed to have no eye for quality.</p>
<p>Even as suspicions flickered through Amane’s mind about why these girls would have gone out of their way to come talk to him, when he wasn’t even that nicely put together, he knew it would be rude to ignore them entirely, so he went ahead and looked at them with a bland expression.</p>
<p>“No, I’m waiting for someone.”</p>
<p>He was hoping they would infer the situation from all the women-oriented brands emblazoned on the many shopping bags Mahiru had left with him, but the girls didn’t seem to notice. Perhaps the bags didn’t stand out because of their simple designs.</p>
<p>“I appreciate the invitation, but I’ve got a previous engagement, so—”</p>
<p>“In that case, your friend can come with us, too! We’ll get tea or something.”</p>
<p>They seemed to have decided that the friend he was waiting for was another guy.</p>
<p>If he and Mahiru had been dating, he could tell them he was waiting for his girlfriend and easily turn them away with that one word, but he and Mahiru weren’t actually dating, and she wasn’t here with him at the moment, so if he claimed she was his girlfriend, he didn’t know whether she would quickly back him up when she actually did reappear.</p>
<p>Besides, he had once used that excuse to get her away from a drunk guy, and Mahiru had told him to stop saying it, so he hesitated to use it again on his own.</p>
<p>He frowned slightly as he regarded the two girls, figuring he was probably stuck talking to them until he reunited with Mahiru—then, out of the corner of his eye, he spied some familiar flaxen hair.</p>
<p>“Sorry for making you wait.”</p>
<p>Several seconds later, swinging her hair gently to the side and approaching with easy movements, his savior, the angel, appeared.</p>
<p>She seemed to have seen that Amane was in trouble and had come quickly. Her breathing was a little too fast for having just walked.</p>
<p>Mahiru smiled lightly at Amane, who had been trying to weather the waves of the girls’ chatter with a stoic face, and practically leaped into his arms.</p>
<p>By some stroke of luck, he managed to not let it show on his face, but Amane was startled beyond belief. Mahiru was looking up at him with her body angled just right so he couldn’t see the girls behind her. He could sense amazement and dissatisfaction in her eyes and the unspoken question of “<em>What are you doing?</em>” all of which he recognized as a performance to help Amane extract himself from the situation.</p>
<p><em>…She’s making me super nervous; I wish she’d stop.</em></p>
<p>This was all Amane’s fault—he didn’t want to hurt their feelings, but his indecision had been mistaken for an invitation to keep chatting him up. And Mahiru had arrived to rescue him, so he definitely couldn’t complain about her methods. But he couldn’t deny it was still stressing him out.</p>
<p>Amane joined the charade by gently placing his hand on her back. It was a very intimate move to show they had a special relationship.</p>
<p>“Don’t worry about it,” he said. “These nice girls were kind enough to keep me company, so it didn’t feel like that long.”</p>
<p>“Oh really? Thank you for going to the trouble.”</p>
<p>Mahiru half turned around with a beaming smile, and the girls looked at her in blank amazement. The boy they had been trying to pick up was embracing a girl who seemed like his girlfriend. On top of that, she was incredibly cute.</p>
<p>Mahiru must have realized why the girls were frozen in place, but her expression was full of good will, as if she had no idea. Amane was awestruck by her apparent magnanimity. She really did appear grateful, and her smile was the picture of innocence.</p>
<p>But the girls just stared at them, without moving an inch. Amane smiled back, trying his best to act casual. “I’m sorry. Like I said before, I have a prior engagement, so…”</p>
<p>Amane was relieved he’d given them that excuse earlier. He tapped on Mahiru’s back impatiently, and Mahiru, who was still wearing a divine smile, entwined her arm with his, seemingly in good spirits.</p>
<p>She was nestled very close to him again, and the breathless feeling in his chest returned, but he knew he couldn’t allow himself to get flustered now. Not after Mahiru had gone to the trouble of putting on this act for him. So he feigned calm and bowed to the girls.</p>
<p>Mahiru followed his lead and bowed, too, then at her urging, they turned and walked away from the girls.</p>
<p>Once they had turned a corner and checked to make sure they couldn’t be seen, Amane looked at Mahiru and saw her fake smile disappear.</p>
<p>“What were you doing?” she asked in a tone of voice that was suddenly flat and detached as she looked up at him.</p>
<p>Without meaning to, Amane chuckled at the suddenness of her transformation. She was still clinging tightly to him, but her expression looked weary and slightly displeased. She had seemed to be in a good mood earlier, but that had evidently been part of the act, for now shades of ill humor were flashing across her eyes.</p>
<p>“You really saved me back there,” Amane said.</p>
<p>“I take my eyes off you for one second… Really, I was only gone for a short while. Unbelievable. I wouldn’t have left you alone if I knew this would happen…” Mahiru was muttering to herself.</p>
<p>With a sudden rush of guilt, Amane noticed his gaze had drifted lower and lower over Mahiru’s body. He seemed to be the only one who was agitated by the close contact—Mahiru didn’t seem to be paying it any mind.</p>
<p>“You really don’t know how to tell a stranger off, do you, Amane?” Mahiru didn’t show any sign of being aware of Amane’s internal turmoil. She just looked exasperated.</p>
<p>“Maybe I can’t turn them down, or maybe I just don’t know how to handle that type of stranger. They were girls, so I didn’t want to act rough or use strong language. I wouldn’t know what to do if I made them cry or something.”</p>
<p>“Honestly, I don’t know whether you’re gentlemanly or a total loser.”</p>
<p>“Hey, shut up, that was the first time something like that has ever happened to me, so I couldn’t help it. I never would’ve imagined in a million years that girls would come over and talk to me.”</p>
<p>Amane never would have thought, with so many people hanging around, that someone would talk to him of all people.</p>
<p>“Assertive girls are incredible, huh? They even approach antisocial guys like me.”</p>
<p>“…The way you look now isn’t really antisocial… If anything, you look more like a fresh, friendly young man.”</p>
<p>“Those are very nice words that don’t describe me at all.”</p>
<p>“Well, a makeover can only go so far…”</p>
<p>“How nice of you to say.”</p>
<p>Mahiru was right—even if he looked a little nicer on the outside, there could be no mistake that inside he was as gloomy as ever. Amane laughed despite himself.</p>
<p>This straightforward way of speaking was also one of the things he appreciated about Mahiru. He found it very endearing. It was far preferable to being lied to.</p>
<p>He knew she definitely was not intending to disparage him, so he accepted her words with a gentle understanding.</p>
<p>But Mahiru sighed for some reason. “Okay, I suppose I have to just tell you outright. You’re definitely not bright or cheerful, but I wouldn’t say you’re gloomy, either. To me, you seem calm and composed, and when I’m with you, I feel calm, too. Like I can relax. Even if we’re not talking, I feel comfortable when I’m by your side, and I think that’s wonderful.”</p>
<p>“…Oh, you do?”</p>
<p>Her compliments were embarrassing, and Amane could only manage a short reply. Mahiru didn’t seem satisfied, though. She pressed against his arm again, seemingly unaware of how weak it made him.</p>
<p>“And how do you feel when you’re with me?”</p>
<p>“…At home, I feel calm.”</p>
<p>“And now?”</p>
<p>“…Now I can’t relax at all. Because someone keeps pressing her chest up against me.”</p>
<p>That must have been completely unexpected, and she must have been completely unaware of what she was doing, because Mahiru froze stiff and looked down at her own chest.</p>
<p>And then her face turned red with such force she looked like a boiling kettle.</p>
<p>“I thought you were doing it on purpose.”</p>
<p>When he joked that she had been causing him terrible distress, to the point it bordered on harassment, she glared up at him with slightly teary eyes. It didn’t have the slightest impact, probably because he knew she was doing it to hide her embarrassment.</p>
<p>“Wha—? Y-you dummy, I would never!”</p>
<p>“I know that. I was joking, sorry.”</p>
<p>He knew that if he teased her too much she would start sulking, so he apologized quickly to defuse the bomb. Mahiru’s raging emotions now extinguished, she grumbled only a small complaint. But she didn’t really have anything more to say and instead settled on punching him once in the side to vent her anger.</p>
<p>Smiling at her obvious frustration, Amane took hold of her hand again to make sure there was some space between them.</p>
<p>“Don’t cling to me so closely.”</p>
<p>“…Can we still hold hands?”</p>
<p>“I’ll lose you if we don’t.”</p>
<p>If they let go of each other and got lost in the Golden Week crowds, it would defeat the purpose of going out together in the first place.</p>
<p>“…What would you do if you lost me?”</p>
<p>“I would use my phone to contact you and pick a place to meet up, like normal.”</p>
<p>“How pragmatic.”</p>
<p>“Guess so. Well, I’ll try not to let you go.”</p>
<p>If he let her slip from his grasp and made her wander around by herself, Mahiru was far more likely to get hit on, so he didn’t intend to let her look like she was alone.</p>
<p>Mahiru had specifically requested this outing and probably wanted to enjoy a pleasant day rather than being hounded by people she had no interest in. Besides, even though Amane knew Mahiru was often approached by other guys, he didn’t have to like it.</p>
<p>At Amane’s words, Mahiru stared deeply into his eyes, then lowered her gaze to their joined hands. And then her lips curved softly into a smile, and in a voice as gentle as a blooming flower, she said, “…Yes. Please don’t let me go.”</p>
<p>She whispered quietly and entwined her fingers with his. Trying not to let her sense his sudden panic, Amane responded in kind.</p>
<p class="space-break">“…So this is a game center…”</p>
<p>After they finished at the clothing stores and variety shops and had made a few purchases, Amane led Mahiru to his favorite arcade.</p>
<p>Coming here had been her idea. They had put this place last on their list of destinations; so even if they won prizes at the crane games, they wouldn’t have to carry them around everywhere. After this, they were going straight home, so they had plenty of time. Finishing the day here had undoubtedly been the right call.</p>
<p>Apparently, Mahiru had never come here with Chitose, either, and she looked adorable, marveling at everything around her.</p>
<p>“There really are all sorts of games here, huh?”</p>
<p>“Sure are. Not just crane games but arcade games and physical games, too. This game center has a ton of different types.”</p>
<p>“I can see that. And it’s super loud.”</p>
<p>“Ah, most places like this are.”</p>
<p>Mahiru was frowning a little, reminding Amane that the cacophony typical of game centers could be grating to the ears for someone not accustomed to it. He was used to this ambience, so he was fine.</p>
<p>The section with slots and arcade games was even louder, so he weaved his way around those areas as he walked through the game center with Mahiru following behind him.</p>
<p>“So what’ll you play?”</p>
<p>“I want to try a crane game. I want to try winning a stuffed animal.”</p>
<p>Her sights seemed to be set on the crane games. She looked around that section of the game center, alternately squeezing and releasing his hand in her excitement.</p>
<p>It was Golden Week, so the game center had gotten a lot of new prizes and had stocked plenty of cute stuffed animals that were more family-oriented, so there were plenty that Mahiru would probably like.</p>
<p>“…Amane, I want to get that one.”</p>
<p>“Hmm, which one?”</p>
<p>“That one. That cat… Don’t you think it looks like Silky?”</p>
<p>The toy Mahiru was pointing at was a cat with white fur that turned dark brown around its face. With its blue eyes, it did indeed resemble Silky, the cat who had first greeted Mahiru at the cat café, and she seemed enamored by it.</p>
<p>“It really does look like her. You want it?”</p>
<p>“I do. Can I try?”</p>
<p>“Sure. I think the machines here are easy to win, but if you can’t get it, I’ll get it for you.”</p>
<p>“I’ll try my best so you don’t have to.”</p>
<p>Eager to take on this new challenge, Mahiru squared off against the crane game, while Amane hung back and watched. If Amane was to take a turn, he could easily secure the prize, but Mahiru wanted to win this one, and it was best to let her tackle the challenge alone.</p>
<p>She inserted a coin and timidly pressed the first button to move the crane arm to the side for just a moment, then checked its position. Typical of the prudent Mahiru, she seemed to be confirming how far it would move with one press of the button.</p>
<p>But with this type of crane game, once you let go of the button, it shifted into vertical-movement mode.</p>
<p>“Wait, huh? It won’t move.”</p>
<p>“Sorry, I forgot to tell you. Once you let go of the button, it shifts to vertical movement, so you’ve only got the one chance.”</p>
<p>“Ah, so now…”</p>
<p>“No matter what you do, it won’t reach the stuffed animals.”</p>
<p>The toys were placed in the middle of a wide open space, but the arm had only barely moved away from the drop chute, and all that was left to set was vertical movement. No matter how Mahiru struggled, she wouldn’t be able to touch the prizes.</p>
<p>This game center also had the type of crane games that were timed and used a lever that could move in all directions, but this particular machine was the button type, so there was unfortunately no going back. This happened to a lot of people when they were first playing crane games, so there was really no getting around it.</p>
<p>“Well, that hundred yen is gone, but you still have the vertical movement, so you can use this as a chance to get a feel for the speed the arm moves and the lag after you release the button. Then you can use that information on your next try.”</p>
<p>“Hmm… I’ll do that. It’s my fault for being careless,” she said, then moved the arm with intense concentration, paying careful attention to the speed.</p>
<p>Amane felt like he hadn’t given her enough warning on her first attempt, so he quietly inserted another coin, which made Mahiru look at him with dissatisfaction. Amane said “It’s fine” and patted her on the back for encouragement. Reluctantly, she returned to her game.</p>
<p>She must have more or less figured out the speed at which the arm moved, because on her next attempt, she was able to line it up laterally with the position of the stuffed animals.</p>
<p>It was somewhat off-center, but she still had a chance to reach her target along the vertical axis. Even if she didn’t grab right in the center of the toys, considering the arm’s center of gravity and the force of its grip, plus the timing of when it released, she could still get something.</p>
<p>Mahiru was a total beginner, but Amane was impressed with how skillfully she was already playing. She carefully moved the arm along the vertical axis until it was more or less above the stuffed animals, then tried to pick up the stuffed cat.</p>
<p>Her aim was good, but the toy was slightly oblong, so when the arm squeezed, the center of gravity shifted immediately, and the cat fell.</p>
<p>“Hmm.”</p>
<p>“Almost. Instead of trying to pick up the actual toy, it’ll be easier if you move it with one side of the crane arm and take advantage of its center of gravity to make it roll over.”</p>
<p>Luckily, the partition around the drop chute wasn’t very tall, so if she could roll the cat, it should fall down.</p>
<p>Mahiru blinked intently, then obediently carried out the movements as she had been told.</p>
<p>One thing he appreciated about Mahiru was her ability to take advice without getting angry or stubborn.</p>
<p>She made another attempt for the cat, taking into account the position of the arm and the stuffed animal’s center of gravity.</p>
<p>“So I’ll do this here…and move the head…”</p>
<p>Mahiru’s serious expression was reflected in the game cabinet’s glass. Amane laughed quietly so she wouldn’t hear him.</p>
<p>After inserting several more coins and trying for a while, Mahiru finally moved the toy into the prize chute with the crane arm.</p>
<p>She let out a quiet gasp as the stuffed cat fell with a plunk against the flap covering the end of the prize chute.</p>
<p>After a moment of silence, Mahiru looked up at Amane, slightly stunned.</p>
<p>“…It fell.”</p>
<p>“Yeah, good work… Look, it’s proof of your victory.”</p>
<p>Amane retrieved the stuffed animal she had fought so hard for and held it out to Mahiru. The reality that she had finally won the prize seemed to be sinking in. Right before his eyes, an expression of delight transformed her beautiful features.</p>
<p>“I—I got it. I got it, Amane!”</p>
<p>“You sure did. You did great for your first time.”</p>
<p>He patted her head for a job well done, and she squinted in embarrassment and tightly embraced her prize, the stuffed cat that closely resembled Silky.</p>
<p>She seemed especially happy that she had won the toy by herself and smiled in satisfaction as she rubbed her cheek against the stuffed animal.</p>
<p>Amane was feeling a bit jealous of the stuffed cat as she squeezed it tightly with a cherubic smile. He was having a hard time keeping his emotions in check as he watched her celebrate.</p>
<p>Mahiru embraced the stuffed animal with an expression of incredible delight, but then suddenly she looked in Amane’s direction and timidly held the toy out to him.</p>
<p>“…Um, will you…accept this?”</p>
<p>“Huh, me?”</p>
<p>“Well, you’ve given me so many, and you seemed to really like Silky, so…”</p>
<p>Amane liked cats, and that cat in particular had been cute in the way she resembled Mahiru. But he couldn’t come out and say that, so he just scratched his cheek and nodded.</p>
<p>“…Or you’re a guy, so you don’t need stuffed animals; is that it…?”</p>
<p>“No, that’s not why. I was just wondering if it’s really all right for me to take it, since you worked so hard to win it.”</p>
<p>“I was trying to win it for you. I mean, I don’t want to sound pushy, umm… But you said it looked like Silky, so I thought maybe you liked it, so… If you don’t want it, I’ll decorate my apartment with it, but…” She looked up at him uneasily, shoulders drooping a little as if disheartened. There was no way he could turn it down now.</p>
<p>“All right, I’ll take it and keep it in my room. Though I, uh…I won’t put it by my pillow like you did with yours.”</p>
<p>“I—I wish you’d forget about that…”</p>
<p>“I’ll treasure the cat.”</p>
<p>Amane politely accepted the stuffed animal from Mahiru, grabbed a carrying bag for prizes from the dispenser nearby, and placed the cat inside.</p>
<p>Mahiru watched him with a happy smile, and Amane was just about to extend his hand to her again, when—</p>
<p>“Huh? Shiina?”</p>
<p>A voice called out to her from somewhere nearby, and Amane froze.</p>
<p>Mahiru stiffened, too, and they both turned awkwardly to face the direction the voice had come from. Standing there was a young man whose handsome face was both innocent and dignified… Yuuta Kadowaki.</p>
<p>“Kadowaki?”</p>
<p>At the sight of Yuuta, Mahiru immediately put on her angelic smiling face that she displayed at school. But it seemed a little stiffer than usual, probably because she was still struggling to regain her composure.</p>
<p>It was Golden Week, so they were well aware there was a good possibility of running into their classmates, but they had never expected to meet someone they had recently started hanging out with.</p>
<p>“It’s surprising to see you in a game center… Uh, did I interrupt something, perhaps?”</p>
<p>Yuuta noticed Amane and looked worried. He didn’t seem to have recognized yet that it was Amane, but as soon as Amane spoke, he was sure to be found out. On the other hand, Yuuta’s attention was focused on Mahiru, so there was a chance that Amane could escape notice.</p>
<p>“No, not at all…,” Mahiru said.</p>
<p>“This is the first I’ve heard about you having a boyfriend, you know.”</p>
<p>“He’s not my boyfriend; we don’t have that kind of relationship.”</p>
<p>Amane felt a twinge of heartache at Mahiru’s flat denial, but it was true that they weren’t dating, so he really didn’t have any right to complain. It would have been stranger if she’d said otherwise.</p>
<p>“W-well, to all appearances… Hmm?”</p>
<p>Yuuta, obviously bewildered by Mahiru’s stubborn demeanor, was about to question her again, when he suddenly focused his attention on Amane.</p>
<p>Their eyes met, and Amane’s cheek twitched.</p>
<p>Yuuta stared hard, as if puzzling over what he saw. This was an extremely bad situation for Amane.</p>
<p>“…Fujimiya?”</p>
<p>Just as Amane expected, Yuuta recognized him.</p>
<p>They hadn’t been hanging out for that long yet, but even so, it was clear that Yuuta was perceptive. No matter how differently Amane dressed or styled his hair, he couldn’t deceive his new friend.</p>
<p>Amane had hoped that maybe Yuuta wouldn’t look at a stranger so closely, and he did look pretty different today, but Yuuta didn’t miss the connection.</p>
<p>“Huh, Fujimiya… It’s you, right? I can tell now that I see you up close… Could it be, you two knew each other long ago and met again at school?”</p>
<p>“No, well…”</p>
<p>Yuuta seemed to take it as confirmation when he saw Mahiru hesitating to answer. He looked back and forth between Mahiru and Amane, appearing downright astonished.</p>
<p>Before he’d started hanging out with Yuuta, Amane might have denied everything, but now that wasn’t even remotely possible. He sighed heavily and pressed on his forehead, then looked up at Yuuta, who was wearing an inquisitive expression.</p>
<p>“…I’m impressed that you recognized me.”</p>
<p>“I knew it! Well, somehow I just knew it was you, Fujimiya.”</p>
<p>“Is it that easy to tell?”</p>
<p>“Nah, I don’t think anyone in our class would figure you out that quickly. You don’t make that sort of face very often.”</p>
<p>Amane wasn’t sure what “that sort of face” meant, but for the time being, Yuuta didn’t seem to have made the connection between Amane and the “mystery man” Mahiru had been spotted with, so he was relieved.</p>
<p>“Anyway, it’s really something else to run into the both of you, together like this.”</p>
<p>“…There’s no point in hiding it, so I’ll just tell you. It’s like you said, we have indeed known each other since before we started second year. I’ll even admit to being good friends. But we really don’t have the kind of relationship that you’re imagining, Kadowaki.”</p>
<p>“…Oh really?”</p>
<p>“Really.”</p>
<p>Mahiru had not hesitated to deny that there was something going on, so even though it made him sad to say it, Amane was also clear in his denial. It would cause trouble for Mahiru if the misunderstanding went any further or became more complicated. The one who found them just happened to be Yuuta, so he wasn’t all that worried, but there would be trouble if others became suspicious—and their secret got out. He absolutely had to forbid Yuuta to speak of it.</p>
<p>Amane adopted a firm stance, and Mahiru grasped his sleeve and looked up at him. She seemed to have something to say but didn’t make any move to open her mouth, so for the time being, he didn’t press her.</p>
<p>Yuuta watched Amane’s and Mahiru’s behavior, and whether he understood or didn’t, he shrugged slightly.</p>
<p>“Hmm… Well, that’s all fine and good. I have to say, it’s just like Itsuki said.”</p>
<p>“What did he say?”</p>
<p>Amane’s eyes narrowed involuntarily when he thought about Itsuki having some slip of the tongue.</p>
<p>“Nothing you need to worry about.” Yuuta laughed. “But he said you look cool when you get dressed up properly. I was just thinking you do look really sharp.”</p>
<p>“That sounds sarcastic coming from you, Kadowaki.”</p>
<p>Amane could do nothing but smile bitterly at the compliment from the top heartthrob in their year, maybe in the whole school.</p>
<p>Yuuta was the type of guy who didn’t have to try to be attractive. Guys like Amane, who had to spend time getting dressed up just to look decent, were always destined to be jealous of guys like him. Amane didn’t go so far as to begrudge the other boy his good looks, but he did on occasion imagine having a more lustrous life if he’d only had the good fortune to be born like that.</p>
<p>“I wasn’t trying to be sarcastic. Just saying, you should style yourself like this all the time.”</p>
<p>“No way; it would be a pain to set my hair every morning. And it would stand out if I suddenly showed up at school looking like this.”</p>
<p>“Well, that is true, but… Shiina, you must have known that Fujimiya could look like this?”</p>
<p>“That’s, well… Yes.”</p>
<p>Mahiru nodded uncomfortably as Yuuta turned to study her.</p>
<p>It wasn’t a look of scrutiny or distrust. More like he was searching for clues.</p>
<p>“Mm-hmm, I think I understand.”</p>
<p>“Understand what?”</p>
<p>“That you also don’t want to cause Shiina any trouble.”</p>
<p>Mahiru looked startled by his words. Yuuta laughed quietly and said, “You’re easier to read that I expected, Shiina.”</p>
<p>He gave a thin smile. It looked somewhat warm, yet lonely in a way—and perhaps even tinged with a bit of jealousy.</p>
<p>“Um, Kadowaki?” Mahiru asked hesitantly.</p>
<p>“Hmm?”</p>
<p>“Well… I’d like to ask you not to say anything about this to other people. About us being f-friends, and…everything.” Mahiru would be troubled if he said anything, so she also asked for his silence.</p>
<p>Yuuta nodded readily. “Ah, you don’t have to worry about that. I think I understand why you want to keep this hidden, and I appreciate how you feel. Besides, I’ve found that once rumors about you are spread around, you don’t much enjoy spreading them yourself.”</p>
<p>Amane had never been so grateful that Yuuta was such a person of character. Also, he imagined that their situation was probably something Yuuta could deeply relate to. He was extremely popular with the girls at school, and so he often had to deal with jealousy from members of his own sex, and on the flip side, if he ever made friends with a member of the opposite sex, that girl would be in danger. He had told Amane as much, so he was probably speaking from experience.</p>
<p>Even if they didn’t have a romantic relationship, if it became known that a plain guy like Amane had become friends with the graceful angel Mahiru, who turned away every suitor, there was bound to be trouble.</p>
<p>Amane was very grateful that Yuuta apparently understood that and would keep his peace.</p>
<p>“Thanks, Kadowaki.”</p>
<p>“Yeah, well, I think it’s the normal thing to do. And besides, I wouldn’t want to do anything to jeopardize our relationship, Fujimiya. Not after I finally managed to make a friend.”</p>
<p>Yuuta flashed one of his bright smiles at them, and looking at him, Amane keenly understood why this boy was so popular. Even speaking as another boy, Amane thought that Yuuta was a friendly, earnest guy, so he could understand how the girls might find him utterly charming. It wasn’t just because he was handsome; he was also a good person. The other guys in their class didn’t stand a chance.</p>
<p>“Oh, that’s right. Fujimiya?”</p>
<p>“Hmm?”</p>
<p>“I’ll see you the day after tomorrow.”</p>
<p>That day, which Yuuta casually mentioned in a slightly coy tone, was the day when Amane, Itsuki, and Yuuta had planned to go to karaoke together. In other words, Yuuta was telling him he would be asking for more details about this situation then.</p>
<p>When their eyes met, Yuuta was wearing a playful smile, underpinned by his peculiar brand of confidence.</p>
<p>“Got it,” Amane answered, though he really felt like running away.</p>
<p>Mahiru watched Amane and Yuuta with a hint of jealousy.</p>
<p class="space-break">“Sorry about that.”</p>
<p>They had separated from Kadowaki and were on their way home, and on the walk to the apartments from the nearest train station, Amane apologized to Mahiru in a quiet voice.</p>
<p>Mahiru, who was quite satisfied that she had won some other small toys at the game center, blinked her caramel-colored eyes in surprise at this sudden apology.</p>
<p>“What are you apologizing for, all of a sudden?”</p>
<p>“Well…for getting found out by Kadowaki.”</p>
<p>“Surely that was an accident. Besides, I think everything turned out all right. He seemed to be rather understanding…”</p>
<p>Now that she said that, he knew it was true, but even so, he was annoyed that someone suspected that they were dating.</p>
<p>Fortunately, Yuuta had not hung around long, probably because he could tell how uncomfortable Amane was in that situation. Still, it had tugged at Amane’s heart to hear Mahiru deny everything so definitively.</p>
<p>“Besides, it’s not like we weren’t aware that something like this could happen when we decided to go out,” Mahiru continued. “Considering the possibilities, I think we’re lucky it was Kadowaki who saw us.”</p>
<p>“You’re right. For better or worse, Kadowaki knows, but at least he’s being cool about it. He really is a stand-up guy.”</p>
<p><em>It’s a good thing he’s the one we ran into.</em></p>
<p>Amane had resigned himself to being cross-examined later, but when he considered that he would no longer have to feel guilty about continuing to conceal things from Yuuta at school, it was actually probably a good thing that they were discovered.</p>
<p>Amane had a feeling that Yuuta had also discerned how he felt about Mahiru, but as long as he didn’t tell Mahiru herself, there would be no problem on that front.</p>
<p>He would probably get teased a little bit at karaoke, but Yuuta and Itsuki both had some discretion in that area, so he shouldn’t get it too bad.</p>
<p>“…Amane, you have quite a high opinion of Kadowaki, don’t you?”</p>
<p>“Hmm? Uh, I guess so. We’ve had more and more chances to talk, and I’ve come to realize he’s popular because he’s a really good guy. He’s really attractive inside and out.”</p>
<p>“And you trust him, don’t you?”</p>
<p>“Trust him…? Well… Yeah, I think he’s a stand-up guy.”</p>
<p>Amane already knew he could be pretty picky about the people he hung out with. If he didn’t like someone’s personality, he would naturally keep them at arm’s length. But Amane’s gut told him that Yuuta was a good guy, and that was exactly why he wasn’t too panicked at being found out.</p>
<p>“All right, well, they do say birds of a feather flock together,” Mahiru mused.</p>
<p>“I don’t know if I belong to that flock…”</p>
<p>“You’re putting yourself down again, Amane. Kadowaki decided to be friends with you because he liked your personality, right? Isn’t that the same thing you thought about him? And Kadowaki, who you think is trustworthy, recognizes something good in you, so you ought to have more confidence.”</p>
<p>Mahiru gently poked his cheek with the tip of her finger, and Amane smiled softly at her.</p>
<p>Of course he couldn’t grant her wish, but as someone who always thought the worst of himself, he was grateful for her reassurance.</p>
<p>Amane chuckled quietly at Mahiru’s sudden lecture on self-confidence, but he also felt very grateful toward her.</p>
<p>“You’re always saying nice things about me, huh, Mahiru?”</p>
<p>“Well, I’m only telling the truth. It’s not good for you to always be so hard on yourself.”</p>
<p>“It’s a habit.”</p>
<p>“Well, why did you develop that bad habit? It’s a real pain, you know.” Mahiru grumbled in open frustration.</p>
<p>He wasn’t sure how to answer the question. Though he knew perfectly well the reason why.</p>
<p>The simple answer was that he was afraid of failure.</p>
<p>Humans are quick learners. That goes for things both good and bad. Amane didn’t want to fail, and he didn’t want to get his hopes up, only for others to turn on him. So in order to protect himself from disappointment, he kept his expectations low.</p>
<p>But he didn’t know how he should tell Mahiru that. And honestly, he didn’t particularly want to have to explain it.</p>
<p>Mahiru stared at him with clear eyes, like she could read his mind. Then just as he started feeling uncomfortable, she looked away, leaned toward him, and pressed herself against his upper arm again.</p>
<p>“If you don’t want to tell me, you don’t have to, but please just remember that I accept you, okay? It’s not good to be so hard on yourself.”</p>
<p>“…Sure.”</p>
<p>“If I need to, I’m going to praise you until you beg me to stop.”</p>
<p>“Whoa, scary. You say it like that, but I really do want you to stop. I can’t take it anymore.”</p>
<p>“Well then, you need to have more self-confidence.”</p>
<p>Mahiru smiled faintly and squeezed his hand. Feeling heat gradually surging up through his chest but not wanting to destroy this pleasant moment, Amane didn’t let go. He just replied with a quiet “Thanks” and kept walking down the road home.</p>
<p>He didn’t want to let go of her hand, but he knew that they would have to let go once they reached home, so he deliberately walked a little slowly, and Mahiru matched his pace without saying another word.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>