<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Shopping</h1>

      <p>After he ate, Rio called Aishia to join him outside so that he could speak to her alone.</p>

      <p>It was the perfect day to go shopping: the weather was clear, and a refreshing wind gently ruffled the grassy fields.</p>

      <p>Rio stretched lightly and relaxed. “You can fly with spirit arts, right? Do you have an elemental specialty?” he asked.</p>

      <p>As a spirit — the progenitor of spirit arts — Aishia would naturally know spirit arts, too. With spirit arts, a caster or spirit usually had their own specialty element. Experienced casters and high-ranked spirits could all use a certain level of every element, so Rio assumed Aishia could fly as well.</p>

      <p>“Yup, I can fly. My specialty is the same as Haruto. I’m proficient in all of them,” Aishia confirmed quietly.</p>

      <p>“...I see. I’ve heard that universal users are really rare before, though.”</p>

      <p>Universal spirit arts users and spirits were few and far between. Because Rio himself was one of those exceptional users, he didn’t show that much surprise other than the slight widening of his eyes.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I can fight, too. I can protect Haruto. I can stay beside Haruto,” Aishia suddenly said.</p>

      <p>“Aishia...” Rio’s eyes widened further this time, murmuring Aishia’s name.</p>

      <p>“You can lean on me whenever you need me. Just say the word, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>Rio’s eyes widened at Aishia’s words, and he gave a soft smile. “...Thank you. I may need to leave the house in the near future. When that time comes, could I leave Miharu’s protection in your hands, Aishia? Of course, I doubt you’d need to do anything as long as you’re all in this house.”</p>

      <p>“Okay,” Aishia agreed quietly but dependably.</p>

      <p>“Also, we’re going to go shopping today. Could I ask you to accompany Miharu and act as her interpreter while we’re out?”</p>

      <p>“Yup, sure.”</p>

      <p>“...Thank you.” Rio thanked Aishia with an even more peaceful smile on his lips. She was so obedient and earnest, he couldn’t help but feel sorry for her.</p>

      <p>“Is that all?” Aishia wondered, tilting her head.</p>

      <p>“Mm, I actually wanted to try flying in the air together, but could I check your fighting capabilities instead? We won’t be using any flashy spirit arts, though... Can you fight at close range?” Rio asked. Their conversation just now had piqued his curiosity about how well a humanoid spirit like Aishia could hold their own in battle.</p>

      <p>“I can.”</p>

      <p>“Then, let’s do some light sparring. We have to go shopping soon, so let’s keep it short.”</p>

      <p>“All right.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. When this rock hits the floor, the match begins. Are you ready?” Rio picked up a rock, then placed 15 meters of distance between Aishia and himself.</p>

      <p>“Yup.” Aishia gave a short nod.</p>

      <p>Once Rio confirmed her nod, he gently threw the rock upward. The rock drew a parabolic line through the air before landing on the ground.</p>

      <p>Immediately after, Aishia disappeared.</p>

      <p>In actuality, Aishia had moved in front of Rio in an instant. At the same time, her arm reached out to grab him by his clothes.</p>

      <p><em>So fast! A throwing technique, huh?</em> Rio’s eyes opened wide in shock before his hands moved reflexively. He broke out in a cold sweat, and he evaded Aishia’s hands while backstepping.</p>

      <p>He had underestimated her; Rio had unknowingly categorized Aishia as someone that needed to be protected. However, Aishia had blown his naivety away at a moment’s notice, as though she was proving her own strength to him.</p>

      <p>Aishia closed the gap between them with determination, launching a skillful attack. With a combination of feints, her fists and feet moved at Rio at a terrifying speed. The force behind a single hit would be enough to damage his enhanced body if it made clean contact.</p>

      <p>However, Rio was still able to smoothly evade every attack.</p>

      <p><em>There’s something familiar about the way she moves... Wait, is she copying my moves?!</em> he thought, seeing that Aishia’s close-range combat techniques were consistent with his own style. While he wasn’t sure of the reason, it was possible that she had learned the same techniques as him through osmosis, just like when it came to his language.</p>

      <p>For several moments, Aishia continued to launch her attacks at Rio, before suddenly changing her attack pattern. She backed away for a moment and put distance between them, then used wind spirit arts — just like Rio — to accelerate her movement, stirring up the surroundings as she took off again.</p>

      <p>With a deep breath, Rio mustered a large amount of ode from within himself to raise the effect of his physical enhancement and sharpen his senses even more. As Aishia closed in on him, Rio was only barely able to perceive Aishia’s movements with his sharpened senses. Suddenly, Aishia thrust the palm of her hand at him, but Rio flanked her and sidestepped her outreached palm at the same time. He then aimed to trip Aishia off balance and used that momentum to lightly fling her in the direction she was moving. Aishia’s eyes widened, but she gracefully flipped over in midair to deftly land on the ground, then turned to resume attacking once more.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait! That’s enough, Aishia! I have a good idea of your ability now!” Rio called out. Aishia froze on the spot.</p>

      <p>“...I couldn’t land a single hit. You dodged them all,” she murmured quietly.</p>

      <p>“Umm, well, they were all movements I knew already... So you could say I’ve been learning longer than you?” Rio replied with a wry smile. He didn’t know how much actual experience Aishia had on the battlefield; all he knew was that she was asleep for the last several years. It wouldn’t be strange for her skills to be dulled, even if she was a spirit.</p>

      <p>“Haruto really is strong.”</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, thank you. We shouldn’t be too late, so let’s hurry back inside the house.” Thus, Rio and Aishia went back inside.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>After his sparring match with Aishia, Rio prepared to depart for Amande.</p>

      <p>“All right, we’ll be going now. You’ll be safe as long as you’re in this house, but we’ll try to hurry back soon anyway. Make sure you stay inside,” Rio said to Aki and Masato, who were left in charge of the house.</p>

      <p>The house was fortified and difficult to physically break into once it was locked and secured, and it was covered by a compact version of the barrier around the spirit folk village, so most outside intruders would never even step within the range of the barrier. Unless a formidable enemy just happened to pass right by the house, it was most likely safe. The surrounding area was devoid of people and the grasslands had very few monsters, so there was a very low probability of a fierce opponent passing by.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, we got it. Take care of Miharu, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“Please be careful on your trip.”</p>

      <p>Masato and Aki spoke up as they saw them off.</p>

      <p>“I’ve left a lunch that can be eaten cold on the dining table for you, just make sure you heat up the miso soup. You know how to heat it, right?” Miharu asked worriedly.</p>

      <p>“We’ll be fine. You’ve taught us plenty of times already.”</p>

      <p>“How many times has it been, Miharu? Just go already!” They both responded to Miharu’s overprotectiveness with wry smiles.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Miharu,” Rio urged.</p>

      <p>“Okay...” Miharu agreed reluctantly. “We’ll be back soon.”</p>

      <p>“But can you really make it back today? It looks like we’re completely surrounded by plains... Is the city actually really nearby or something?” Masato asked curiously.</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, I haven’t told you how we’re going. I’ll show you something interesting. Come outside for a bit, you two,” Rio said, leaving the living room to head for the front door. Aishia immediately followed him, and the other three slowly made their way over, too.</p>

      <p>Once they left the house, a vast area of grassy plains spread before them outside.</p>

      <p>“...It really is an amazing view,” Miharu murmured, overwhelmed by the view of the land that stretched all the way to the horizon. Now that a full day had passed, the feeling that she was in another world really cemented in as she looked out at the scenery. Aki and Masato hummed in admiration as well.</p>

      <p>“You’re about to see something much more amazing,” Rio said with a faint smile tugging at his lips.</p>

      <p>“Even more than this?” Miharu turned her head hesitantly, unable to imagine how that would be possible.</p>

      <p>Instead of answering Miharu, Rio addressed Aishia who had been standing silently. “Aishia. I want to see how far you can fly, so can you show me?”</p>

      <p>“Sure.” Aishia nodded gently. Then, her legs began to float off the ground. She continued to rise up easily, as though ignoring the force of gravity.</p>

      <p>“Huh? ...Huh? Wha?” Miharu and the others were taken aback, staring up at the ascending Aishia in shock. She had already risen far up into the sky, moving about freely through the air at quite a fast speed.</p>

      <p><em>She said she could use all types of spirit arts, but I guess that was to be expected of a humanoid spirit.</em> Rio watched Aishia’s figure in admiration.</p>

      <p>In the meantime, Masato returned to his senses. “Wow! Is that sorcery too?!” he asked excitedly.</p>

      <p>“It’s different from sorcery, but you can think of it as something similar for now. I’ll explain the particulars another time,” Rio answered simply. A proper explanation would require much more time.</p>

      <p>Just then, Aishia descended softly toward the ground.</p>

      <p>“Well?” she tilted her head and asked Rio in a monotonous voice after she had smoothly landed.</p>

      <p>“It’s perfect — I have no complaints. Sorry to say this just as you landed, but shall we go now? Are you ready too, Miharu?” Rio smiled and nodded at Aishia before turning to look at Miharu.</p>

      <p>With a flinch, she stepped forward hesitantly. “Y-Yes. Please lead the way.”</p>

      <p>“...It might be a bit late asking this now, but are you comfortable with heights?” Rio asked carefully.</p>

      <p>“I’m okay with them... I think.” Miharu nodded, though in a slightly nervous manner. She had never flown through the air like that before, so all she could do was make an assumption.</p>

      <p>“I guess we’ll have to find out once we’re up there. We’ll fly slowly at first.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, please.”</p>

      <p>Rio called for Aishia, but when he looked around she was nowhere to be seen. “Aishia... Huh?”</p>

      <p>He had wanted her to carry Miharu instead, since he figured it would be better than having someone of the opposite gender do it, but...</p>

      <p>“If you’re looking for Aishia, she left already,” Masato said, pointing at the sky; Aishia was already quite far up. She seemed to be warming up for the flight, as she showed no signs of coming back down.</p>

      <p>“Haha... Erm, do you mind if I’m the one that goes with you?” Rio asked Miharu nervously with a dry laugh.</p>

      <p>Miharu nodded with curiosity. “Huh? No, I’m fine with that.” She had yet to realize what Rio was being self-conscious about.</p>

      <p>“Umm, I’ll have to carry you...” Rio admitted with difficulty, and Miharu finally understood.</p>

      <p>“A-Ah, I see. That’s right.” Her cheeks turned bright red with embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, maybe not after all. I’ll call Aishia back and get her to carry you.” Rio laughed somewhat awkwardly and brushed it off, preparing to move upward and call Aishia back down. However, not wanting to be rude to Rio, Miharu spoke up in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“N-No! I-It’s okay, I don’t mind!”</p>

      <p>Rio turned back with a strained smile. “You don’t have to force yourself, you know?”</p>

      <p>“I-It’s fine, really. I don’t mind at all, if it’s you. I trust you, so... please.” In a tumble of words, Miharu stopped Rio and bowed with embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“...Umm... Then, excuse me.” After much contemplation, Rio decided that rejection here would be rude. He slowly approached Miharu in order to pick her up. With her acknowledgment, Rio nodded and picked her up, bridal-style.</p>

      <p>“Umm, a-am I heavy?” Miharu asked with a bright red face.</p>

      <p>“Not at all — you’re very light. Like a feather, as the saying goes.” Rio shook his head with a grin.</p>

      <p>In reality, Miharu was dainty and light. She had a soft, feminine body that Rio inadvertently felt through her clothes, despite the fact that she was wearing a thick outer coat — borrowed from Rio — over her uniform. To be honest, Rio was struggling quite a bit internally, but he desperately feigned composure to avoid being distracted by her body.</p>

      <p>“I’ll focus on flying as safely as possible, but make sure you hold on tight anyway.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay,” Miharu nodded with a squeak, clinging to Rio timidly. She leaned her weight into him gently and clutched at his clothes. Their faces were almost close enough to touch.</p>

      <p>Rio purposefully tore his gaze away from Miharu to speak to Aki and Masato standing to the side. “We’ll be off, now. Make sure you lock up properly.”</p>

      <p>“Right. Let me fly when you get back!” Masato waved his hands with a carefree laugh.</p>

      <p>“...Please take care of Miharu.” Aki bowed her head while keeping a close eye on their faces, having sensed the peculiar atmosphere flowing between the two of them.</p>

      <p>Rio gave a faint smile and nod before kicking off from the ground and rising into the air. The sight of Aki and Masato’s figures on the ground grew smaller and smaller.</p>

      <p>“Waaah, it’s amazing.” Miharu ogled at her surroundings as she tightened her grip on Rio.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>