<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix001">
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix001">AFTERWORD</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Thanks for your patience, everyone. This is Yu Shimizu.</p>
<p>This is Volume 5 of <em>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</em>, a school-based sword fantasy where Dark Lords and heroes clash in a futuristic setting with humanity on the brink of extinction!</p>
<p>This time, we saw the group’s reliable big sister figure, Elfiné, grace the cover art. Of course, for all Leonis’s concerned, the whole eighteenth platoon is populated by big-sister types, but Elfiné has a unique, mature charm to her. Long black hair and black stockings are justice!</p>
<p>In this book, we have a number of things that foreshadow future events, like the Phillet Company’s Demon Sword Project and the voice of the supposedly deceased goddess. There’s also the change in the stars that Veira mentioned. We can’t forget Sakuya’s older sister, the shards of the goddess, or Duke Crystalia’s book, either. And of course, we have mysterious figures like Nefakess and Zemein, and their conspiracy.</p>
<p>Leonis must expose it all and foil his enemies’ plots while keeping his identity as a Dark Lord a secret. Don’t forget about the elven hero Arle, who didn’t appear this time around. She and the Swordmaster of the Six Heroes, who once taught Leonis, are both involved, too.</p>
<p>Many exciting twists and turns await!</p>
<p class="space-break1">Now for some thanks.</p>
<p>To Asagi Tosaka, thank you for this volume’s beautiful illustrations! That includes the cover art with Riselia and Elfiné, Shary with her <em>dango</em>, and Leonis getting caught in a headlock. Everyone’s expressions during the comical scenes were lovely! Asagi Tosaka also handles the fantastic art for <em>The Level 0 Demon Lord Starts Life Anew in Another World as an Adventurer</em> and <em>Heat the Pig Liver</em>. I’m always so excited to remember I have Asagi Tosaka handling the illustrations in this series.</p>
<p>To Asuka Keigen, who produces high-quality art for the manga version every month, your cute characters and exciting battle scenes can only be described as incredible! Volume 2 of the manga goes on sale next month. Expect battle scenes with many Voids during a Stampede and the climactic fight against Arakael Degradios. Please check it out!</p>
<p class="space-break1">To my editors, thank you once again for all your support. I apologize for all the trouble I always put you through. I’m very sorry (It’s important, so I said it twice!). I also want to thank the publisher and bookstores for delivering my works to the readers. It’s all because of your combined efforts that this is possible!</p>
<p>However, the biggest thanks goes to you readers for picking up these stories. Thank you so much!</p>
<p class="space-break1">Now for an announcement. We have a collaboration going on with Bokuto Uno’s series, <em>Reign of the Seven Spellblades</em>! I picked <em>Seven Spellblades</em> up on the day it came out and fell in love with it, so I’m quite honored to collaborate with this series. I even got to chat with Bokuto Uno. Please be sure to check it out!</p>
<p class="space-break1">See you in Volume 6!</p>
<p class="right"><strong><em>—Yu Shimizu, August 2020</em></strong></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>