<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter011">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter011">CHAPTER 4</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter011">DEMON SWORD RAMPAGE</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Leonis swiftly donned swim trunks in a changing room adjacent to the pool. He’d summoned the pair of black shorts from the Realm of Shadows. These were the ones Riselia had bought when she was teaching Leonis how to swim on the <em>Hyperion</em>.</p>
<p>There were already many spectators watching the water gun match underway in the pool. Young boys, albeit older than Leonis, freely jumped along the floating boards like stepping-stones as they squirted one another. They were all very athletic; probably Excalibur Academy students.</p>
<p>As Leonis observed the heated contest, a strange thought crossed his mind.</p>
<p><em>There was such a big catastrophe, but they’re so peaceful.</em></p>
<p>He didn’t just mean the recent chaos with Veira. Just two months ago, Arakael Degradios had led a Void Stampede, and damage from the attack was still obvious. Yet the people of the Seventh Assault Garden still managed to indulge in fun.</p>
<p><em>Maybe it’s just humanity’s stubborn sense of pride at work.</em></p>
<p>Most of their habitable land had been taken by the Voids, and they were facing extinction. Still, they refused to yield to despair, adapting to form a superior culture and technology where they could distract themselves with this kind of entertainment.</p>
<p>Perhaps that was humankind’s obstinance; its pride.</p>
<p><em>I suppose that’s one thing that hasn’t changed in the last thousand years.</em></p>
<p>They may have been the weakest species, incapable of breathing fire or soaring through the sky, but they had the resolve and determination to survive even in the face of ruination. And it’s because the Dark Lords’ Armies underestimated those qualities that they ultimately lost to humans.</p>
<p>Leonis sank deep into thought while leaning against a transplanted palm tree.</p>
<p>“Kept you waiting, huh, Leo?”</p>
<p>Veira finally appeared, clad in a swimsuit.</p>
<p>“…!”</p>
<p>Leonis couldn’t help but swallow hard. Veira had rented a black bikini. Her crimson hair wavered in the breeze like flickering flames. Her bust was moderately sized, the curvature of her stomach was elegant and attractive, and her white legs were long and shapely.</p>
<p>Those nearby snuck glances at the Dragon Lord’s perfect form.</p>
<p>“What? Entranced by the sight of me?” Veira asked, a roguish smile on her lips.</p>
<p>Leonis looked away and muttered over his shoulder, “Hmph, you’re a fool to think I ever would.”</p>
<p>“Oh. Cheeky, aren’t you?” Veira said, catching Leonis’s neck under her arm.</p>
<p>“Wh-what are you doing?!” Leonis croaked, feeling her breasts press softly against him. “Ugh, nnng, s-stop… Can’t…breathe…”</p>
<p>“Oh? Is the Undead King gasping for breath?” Veira snickered viciously. “A human body is so inconvenient.”</p>
<p>“…Damn…you…!”</p>
<p>Leonis thrashed fruitlessly, his immature strength too meager to shake her off. But then…</p>
<p>“Stop bullying him!”</p>
<p>Leonis looked up in surprise.</p>
<p>“…Miss Selia?”</p>
<p>Curiously, Riselia and Regina had appeared, clad in their own bikinis. Riselia had a modest white one, while Regina wore a mint-green suit with a stylish design.</p>
<p>“I won’t let you bully Leo any longer!” Riselia declared, glaring at Veira.</p>
<p>The crimson-haired girl released Leonis and met Riselia’s gaze unflinchingly.</p>
<p>“Oh, you’re concerned for him?” Veira asked with a smirk. “Aren’t you a cute little minion.”</p>
<p>Riselia seemed to wince for a moment at the other girl’s confident attitude.</p>
<p>Now that he was free, Leonis inquired, “What are you doing here, Miss Selia?”</p>
<p>“I thought she kidnapped you, Leo,” Riselia explained, frowning. “I couldn’t even get in touch with you.”</p>
<p>“Sorry about that…”</p>
<p>Everything had happened so suddenly that Leonis had left his communication terminal in his room.</p>
<p>Veira scoffed. “So, what, you came here to take Leo back? Well, I’m sorry, but at the moment—”</p>
<p>“I—I challenge you to a match!” Riselia cried, pointing fixedly at Veira.</p>
<p>“Wha?!” Leonis exclaimed in shock.</p>
<p>Veira narrowed her eyes at Riselia for one long moment. “You’re demanding a battle with me?”</p>
<p>“That’s right. If I win, you have to let Leo go.”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>