<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="default-style" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 9</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>

<!-- kobo-style -->
<script xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" type="text/javascript" src="../Misc/kobo.js"></script>
<style xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" type="text/css" id="koboSpanStyle">.koboSpan { -webkit-text-combine: inherit; }</style>

</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section id="chapter017" class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter">
<p class="noindent"><a id="page-107"></a><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.1.1">Moonlight shone on the chalk white palace-like campus building of Elysion Academy and its sleeping residents. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.1.2">The shadow of a large black wolf moved soundlessly through the open-air marble corridors.</span></p>
<p><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.2.1">This is worse than I thought. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.2.2">I didn’t think it had consumed all the shadows.</span></em></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.3.1">Blackas growled quietly. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.3.2">The students studying in this academy went about their lives undisturbed, unaware that all the shadows here had been replaced. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.3.3">But to this black wolf that walked amid the darkness, this place was like…</span></p>
<p><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.4.1">…A forest covered in hunting traps.</span></em></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.5.1">The hand of invasion extended from the center of this place, spreading all over the capital from every shadow. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.5.2">Given that it had taken only about a dozen hours for this academy to fall into the enemy’s grasp, it wouldn’t be long before the shadows in Leonis’s base on the Seventh Assault Garden, Excalibur Academy, were compromised, too.</span></p>
<p><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.6.1">I won’t let that happen!</span></em></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.7.1">Blackas’s golden eyes burned with anger. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.7.2">He’d sent the three Shadow Wraiths that Leonis had lent him to invade the darkness here, but they hadn’t returned. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.7.3">Whoever controlled this place had likely destroyed them. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.7.4">Shadow Wraiths were relatively high-ranked among the monsters in the Dark Lords’ Armies, and three of them had fallen.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.8.1">Normally, Blackas would’ve returned to Leonis and reported this the moment he realized what had happened. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.8.2">However, he wanted to gain some information on this unknown enemy before he left.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.9.1">He leaped over a corridor railing into the courtyard. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.9.2">A fountain stood in the center, spouting water that glittered in the moonlight. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.9.3">Blackas’s eyes settled on a shadow wavering within the fountain. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.9.4">Its darkness was so deep that there was no perceivable bottom.</span></p>
<p><a id="page-108"></a><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.10.1">This is a shadow gate.</span></em></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.11.1">With a Realm of Shadows of this size, there were undoubtedly other gates in the area. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.11.2">Regardless, Blackas was lucky to have spotted this. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.11.3">Letting out a guttural growl, he plunged into the fountain without a second thought. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.11.4">The only sound he produced was a faint splashing, which echoed through the courtyard.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.12.1">Slipping through the shadows, Blackas emerged to find himself in a stone hallway. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.12.2">It was similar to the underground labyrinth of Death Hold. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.12.3">But suddenly, the shadow gate behind Blackas disappeared, leaving only a rock wall.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.13.1">“?!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.14.1">Blackas’s golden eyes shone in the dark. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.14.2">Bit by bit, shadow dripped from the gaps in the walls. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.14.3">The darkness molded itself into humanoid monsters.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.15.1">Blackas howled. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.15.2">His sharp fangs and claws flashed, biting and tearing into the creatures.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.16.1">“No good. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.16.2">These aren’t ordinary shadow monsters.” </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.16.3">Blackas groaned as he spat out a piece of one.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.17.1">This nasty miasma was the same sort those unsightly monstrosities, Voids, exuded.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.18.1">“What does this mean?”</span></p>
<p><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.19.1">“Ho-ho-ho. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.19.2">What a pleasant show. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.19.3">The prince of the Realm of Shadows, the great noble son, reduced to animal form and forced to chew on ugly monsters.”</span></em></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.20.1">“Who’s there?!” </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.20.2">Blackas barked angrily at the voice echoing around him.</span></p>
<p><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.21.1">“Have you forgotten my voice, Blackas Shadow Prince, usurper of the Realm of Shadows? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.21.2">I didn’t think you were still alive. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.21.3">I admit, it’s a pleasant surprise.”</span></em></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.22.1">“It can’t be. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.22.2">You…” Blackas let out an angry howl. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.22.3">“So this is all your work, Queen of Shadows—Scheherazade!”</span></p>
<p><a id="page-109"></a><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.23.1">The Queen of Shadows had once ruled over the Realm of Shadows, but her reign of tyranny ended when Blackas rebelled against her with Leonis’s aid. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.23.2">He drove her from her throne and exiled her to an eternal wasteland.</span></p>
<p><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.24.1">“Oh-ho-ho-ho. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.24.2">My Realm of Shadows is undying.”</span></em></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.25.1">“Then I will destroy it as many times as it takes.”</span></p>
<p><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.26.1">“Hmph. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.26.2">Things shall play out differently this time. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.26.3">You should be bound by my curse, and your ally, the Undead King, has been destroyed by the human heroes…”</span></em></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.27.1">“?!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.28.1">The floor beneath Blackas became a quagmire, which dragged him down. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.28.2">Blackas struggled to free himself, but the shadowy mud only grew heavier.</span></p>
<p><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.29.1">“Do not bother. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.29.2">This Castle of Shadows is a bound barrier I’ve spent many years constructing. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.29.3">With your current powers, you cannot break free.”</span></em></p>
<p><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.30.1">What a blunder. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.30.2">I must at least tell Lord Magnus!</span></em></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.31.1">Blackas fought and struggled while gradually drowning in the mire, but his efforts were in vain, and the shadows swallowed him.</span></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>