<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 16</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>The School Uniform That Doesn’t Fit</h2>

      <p>It was spring break in Japan, just as cherry blossoms were starting to bloom and before Amakawa Haruto was to start his third year of high school.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Sumeragi Satsuki was beginning her first year of university and had started living alone to prepare herself to integrate into society. She was currently organizing her belongings in the apartment she had moved into. She opened one of her many suitcases of clothes and took out an outfit to look at.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, this brings back memories...” Satsuki blinked. “Wait, why is my middle school uniform here?”</p>

      <p>She snapped back to her senses. Right—the school uniform of the middle school she attended three years ago was packed in her suitcase. The shirt had a white base with a red scarf at the chest, and the dress was a pleated ocher. It was a generic sailor uniform design.</p>

      <p><em>I wonder if it still fits...? </em>Satsuki hummed in contemplation. <em>I’m sure I’ll fit... Right?</em></p>

      <p>Her height and weight shouldn’t have changed that much since middle school, but three years had passed since she graduated. The possibility that she couldn’t fit in it anymore flashed through her head, making her expression fall with uncertainty. However, her curiosity made her face her fear.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I guess it wouldn’t hurt to try...</em></p>

      <p>Despite her hesitation, Satsuki decided to try on her middle school uniform. She removed her clothes and pushed her arms through the sleeves of the uniform she last wore three years ago. The shirt was a little tight on her, but—</p>

      <p>“See, it fits!” Satsuki exhaled in relief.</p>

      <p>But it hadn’t been easy. Her bust had grown bigger, so her shirt was shorter, almost revealing her belly. She’d also put on more weight around her hips, making her skirt feel shorter. It wasn’t as though anyone could see her, but Satsuki blushed in embarrassment anyway.</p>

      <p>“Whoa...”</p>

      <p>She walked to the bathroom and checked her appearance in the mirror. It really didn’t fit her, and it made her feel like she was cosplaying.</p>

      <p><em>Let’s take this off now.</em></p>

      <p>Just as Satsuki thought that—<em>Knock knock</em>: the sound of someone knocking on her front door.</p>

      <p>“A knock... Oh, c-could that be Haruto?”</p>

      <p>The apartment Satsuki had moved into was in the same building as the apartment Haruto rented. Haruto had offered to help out after she moved in, but there was the possibility that the electricity contract hadn’t been completed yet, so they agreed he would knock when visiting.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait, it’s Haruto, right? Hold on a minute!” Satsuki yelled towards the door.</p>

      <p>“All right.”</p>

      <p>It really was Haruto outside the door. Once Satsuki confirmed that, she set about taking off her sailor uniform in a hurry. However—</p>

      <p>“H-Huh?”</p>

      <p>She tried to pull her arm back out of the sleeve, but the fabric was tough and got caught midway. She put in more strength to remove it in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...”</p>

      <p>She had forcefully twisted her body too far, crushing her chest in pain.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll start from the head, then...</em></p>

      <p>Satsuki gave up on the sleeves and pulled the fabric on her chest upwards. But once the cloth was pulled up to her eyes, it wouldn’t budge.</p>

      <p><em>I-It really is too tight...! Wh-What should I do? I can’t keep Haruto waiting forever...!</em></p>

      <p>With her entire belly revealed, Satsuki panicked. However, a short while later, she marched towards the entrance as though she had made up her mind. She was still wearing her school uniform.</p>

      <p>“Listen, Haruto. You’re about to witness a woman’s secret. You’re a gentleman, so I’m sure you know already, but you must keep quiet about this from everyone. Got it?” Satsuki suddenly demanded through the door.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Got it?! I’m going to open the door!”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes ma’am...!”</p>

      <p>Haruto had no idea what was happening, but nodded under the pressure Satsuki was exerting. Seconds later, she opened the door...</p>

      <p>Haruto was immediately greeted by the sight of Satsuki in a sailor uniform that didn’t fit her. <em>Huh? Why a sailor uniform?</em> was the question written on his face, but he didn’t say anything out loud. Instead, he simply stared at her in a daze.</p>

      <p>“N-No staring! I’ll explain inside, so just come in!”</p>

      <p>Satsuki tugged on the hem of her shirt in an attempt to hide her belly, then grabbed Haruto’s arm with a furious blush and quickly dragged him inside.</p>

      <h2>Daily Life for the First Time in a While</h2>

      <p>The morning after Rio brought Christina and Flora back to Rodania, he returned to Celia and Aishia in his Rodanian mansion and would stay there until they returned to Galarc.</p>

      <p>After he finished his morning sword practice, Rio prepared breakfast for the three of them.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Celia.” He sensed Celia’s presence and greeted her without turning around.</p>

      <p>“Morning, Rio...”</p>

      <p>“Still sleepy?” Rio chuckled at Celia’s dazed reply. It wasn’t a particularly late time of day to get up—if anything, Rio was just an early bird.</p>

      <p>“It’s just refreshing to see you here when I get up in the morning,” Celia said happily. They had been living separately lately, after all. Just then, Aishia materialized.</p>

      <p>“Morning... I’m hungry. I want to eat Haruto’s cooking,” She said with a cute yawn. There were no live-in servants at this mansion, so Aishia was free to materialize while indoors. (When Rio was absent, they hired help from the consulate when necessary.)</p>

      <p>“Morning. It’ll be ready soon—I just have to heat up some of the dishes, so wait just a minute.”</p>

      <p>Seeing the two of them made Rio feel like he had really come home. It made him feel so happy that the corners of his mouth naturally turned upwards.</p>

      <p>“I’ll bring over the dishes that are done.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll help too. It smells great,” Aishia and Celia both said, taking the initiative.</p>

      <p>“I haven’t made anything that complex.”</p>

      <p>Today’s menu included bread, soup, salad, scrambled eggs, and sausages. A simple breakfast.</p>

      <p>“Whatever you make is delicious. I’m looking forward to it. Oh, but Aishia and I improved our skills while you were gone too, you know? We’ll make lunch later, so please give it a try then! Isn’t that right, Aishia?” Celia offered.</p>

      <p>“Yup.”</p>

      <p>“I’m really looking forward to that.”</p>

      <p>Rio basked in his peaceful daily life with the two of them.</p>

      <h2>Latifa’s Monopoly</h2>

      <p>In the forest on the outskirts of Rodania...</p>

      <p>While Celia was at the consulate, Rio was visiting the stone house alone. He entered the barrier surrounding the area and instead of knocking, sent a few regular waves of magic essence towards the house. As soon as he confirmed he wasn’t an intruder, Latifa burst out.</p>

      <p>“Welcome home, Onii-chan!” She hugged him enthusiastically. Miharu, Sara, Orphia, and Alma exited the house after her.</p>

      <p>“I’m back.”</p>

      <p>“Yup! What are you here for today? Where are Celia and Aishia?” Latifa looked up at him and asked, still clinging onto him.</p>

      <p>“Celia has lectures in Rodania until evening. Aishia is protecting her. I wanted to see you, so I dropped by,” Rio replied while petting Latifa’s head.</p>

      <p>“Really?! I’m so happy!”</p>

      <p>“Shall we go inside first?”</p>

      <p>“Okay!”</p>

      <p>And so, Rio and the girls entered the house. Latifa was clinging to Rio’s arm.</p>

      <p>“You just saw him the other day, but you’re sticking to him so closely again today, Latifa,” Sara said with a slight pout on her lips.</p>

      <p>“Of course. I want to be with him every day of the year. That’s why I’m going to be by his side a lot today! Come on, let’s sit down.” Latifa huffed proudly and pulled Rio’s arm towards the sofa in the living room so they could sit down together.</p>

      <p>“We’ll be leaving for the Galarc Kingdom in a few days, but I’ll try to visit as much as possible until then.”</p>

      <p>“Okay!” Latifa strengthened her hold on Rio with a squeeze.</p>

      <p>“If you’re staying until evening, that means we can eat lunch together today. Is there anything you’d like to eat?” Orphia asked happily.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine with whatever you originally had planned.”</p>

      <p>“We hadn’t decided what to make yet, so anything goes. Isn’t that right, Miharu?”</p>

      <p>“Yup,” Miharu nodded.</p>

      <p>“In that case, let’s eat something we can all make together! Like a barbeque!”</p>

      <p>“That wouldn’t take much time, so it’s a great idea,” Rio said, on board with Latifa’s suggestion.</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided!”</p>

      <p>Thus, it was decided that lunch would be a barbeque. That being said, it was still too early to eat, so their conversation continued for a while.</p>

      <p>Normally, Aishia and Latifa would cling to Rio and Celia would try to stop Aishia right away, which Sara would jump on board with immediately, but neither Aishia nor Celia were here today.</p>

      <p>“He he he...”</p>

      <p>Latifa remained close to Rio while he was visiting. Sara had pointed out how she was being a bit too attached midway, but she appeared to be more reserved than usual without Celia around.</p>

      <p>Rio and Latifa were currently seated on a three-seater sofa, but Latifa was completely monopolizing it. Because of that, she was in quite the good mood.</p>

      <p>“Aren’t you jealous, Sara?” Alma suddenly asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I... Wait, about what?!” Sara nodded reflexively, then panicked with a gasp.</p>

      <p>“I’m talking about their sibling relationship, of course,” Alma said with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“Right...” Sara nodded shyly, a faint blush on her face.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>