<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 16</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1-1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Meanwhile, having constantly been with Rio for some time now, Flora watched them all with a somewhat lonely, envious look.</p>

      <p>Charlotte seemed to notice Flora’s expression. “Would you like to come along, Princess Christina, Princess Flora? I would love to hear more about what happened on your journey with Sir Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“We...”</p>

      <p>What should they do? Was it okay to go? Out of consideration for Rio, Christina trailed off, leaving a slight pause. She looked at Flora beside her, who had a very eager expression on her face.</p>

      <p>“Since you’ve offered, we will go too,” Christina replied humbly.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I shall prepare a change of clothes for you two, so please follow me. We can’t have you dressed in that travel attire forever.”</p>

      <p>Christina and Flora had been led to this room directly after their journey, so Charlotte made a proposal out of consideration for them.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much,” Christina said first. Flora echoed her words.</p>

      <p>“I’ll have Sir Haruto’s clothing brought to the mansion for you to change once we arrive.”</p>

      <p>“I’d appreciate that.”</p>

      <p>Rio was similarly in his travel clothes. He had a change of clothes in the Time-Space Cache, but Charlotte was unaware of its existence. However, Rio didn’t have many clothes suitable for a noble to wear, so he was grateful for the consideration.</p>

      <p>“Such is the plan. We’ll find you later, Duke Huguenot,” Christina said.</p>

      <p>“Understood. I will go check on Sir Hiroaki, then.”</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot bowed his head smoothly.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After their discussion, King Francois, Second Princess Charlotte, Duke Cretia, Christina, Flora, and Duke Huguenot exited the room, leaving Rio, Satsuki, Liselotte, and Julianne behind. They were to wait until Christina and Flora finished changing and Charlotte returned with the key to Rio’s mansion.</p>

      <p>“I haven’t spoken to you since the night of the banquet. Since I haven’t given a proper greeting yet, I’d like to do that now. It’s nice to see you again,” Satsuki said to Julianne. She had exchanged greetings with countless nobles at the banquet, but she clearly remembered Liselotte’s mother.</p>

      <p>Julianne smiled at Satsuki. “Yes. It’s an honor to be remembered by the great hero.”</p>

      <p>“Why, that’s because you are so beautiful. As expected of Liselotte’s mother... In fact, I first thought you two were sisters with a slight age gap, so I was shocked when I heard you were actually parent and child. That really left an impression.”</p>

      <p>“Why, I’m so flattered to hear that the great hero thinks that of me.” Julianne blushed shyly.</p>

      <p>“I’m not really accustomed to being referred to as ‘hero.’ Please call me by my name.”</p>

      <p>“Then, if you do not mind... Lady Satsuki. Thank you for getting along with my daughter,” Julianne said, tipping her head.</p>

      <p>“No no, I should be saying that—Liselotte’s looked after me so much,” Satsuki replied sociably, returning the bow.</p>

      <p>“Her work as a governor and head of a trading company has caused her to neglect interaction with her peers, so I am most appreciative of you becoming her friend,” Julianna said, showing a glimpse of her parental affection.</p>

      <p>Liselotte had a faint blush on her face. “Isn’t that enough, mother?”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee. Don’t worry about that. Liselotte and I have become great friends. She always visits me when she comes to the capital for business. Thank you, Liselotte.” Satsuki giggled, expressing her appreciation.</p>

      <p>“Not at all. Talking with you also makes me happy, so I should be the one thanking you.”</p>

      <p>Seeing her beloved daughter’s bashful reply, Julianne addressed her gently. “How wonderful, Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, mother,” Liselotte agreed in an energetic voice.</p>

      <p>“Please forgive my delayed greeting. Thank you for your help the last time we met, Lady Julianne. Lady Liselotte as well.” Rio joined the conversation, greeting Julianne and Liselotte. Since they were in front of the king earlier, all their greetings had been abridged.</p>

      <p>“The pleasure was mine. It’s been a while, Sir Haruto,” Liselotte replied first.</p>

      <p>“It’s a joy to be able to speak to you again properly, Sir Amakawa. Thank you for inviting me to see your mansion along with Lady Satsuki and my daughter,” Julianne responded, smiling in true delight.</p>

      <p>“Don’t mention it. My journey has left me with little time to meet with everyone, so I’m glad we’ve been blessed with this opportunity to chat. I wanted to thank you once again.”</p>

      <p>“It’d be nice if you showed your face around here more often now that you’ve got a mansion,” Satsuki playfully requested.</p>

      <p>“I intend on doing so in the future. You can think of it as your own home and come and go freely while I’m here.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve said it now. I’m looking forward to it.” Satsuki beamed, fully intending on taking him up on his word.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Rio said, nodding with a welcoming smile.</p>

      <p>“It’s decided! Now I’m even more curious to see what your new mansion will look like. Thanks, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve done nothing worth thanking me for.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not true. Your distinguished service is what prompted this mansion as a reward, so if you hadn’t returned safely with Princess Christina and Princess Flora, I wouldn’t have something to look forward to this much. They’re ordinary words, but it doesn’t feel right not to say them... So, thanks. I’ll take you up on your kind offer and visit you every day you’re here,” Satsuki said, dispelling the gloomy atmosphere with an impish giggle at the end of her words.</p>

      <p>“I see,” Rio said, chuckling.</p>

      <p>“Do either of you know what kind of mansion he’s going to get?” Satsuki asked the two members of the Cretia family.</p>

      <p>“I know which building His Majesty was referring to. It’s a very beautiful mansion, fit for royal inhabitants. It was also constructed recently, so it’s a modern and stylish design. However, its location is normally restricted to royalty, so its interior design is a mystery to me... Would you know, mother?” Liselotte answered first, then turned to Julianne.</p>

      <p>“I haven’t been inside either, so I’m brimming with curiosity as well,” Julianne said, exuding delight.</p>

      <p>“I feel the same way. Seeing the layout and interior design of other homes is so exciting.”</p>

      <p>Thus, their animated conversation continued until Charlotte returned half an hour later with Christina and Flora in their fresh sets of clothes.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>