<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 16</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Return and Reunion</h1>

      <p>Rio and the others in the carriage arrived at the consulate from the airship harbor in less than ten minutes. Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan did most of the speaking on the way, so apart from the times he was specifically addressed, Rio was able to listen to Aishia’s telepathic communications.</p>

      <p>In summary, Aishia and Celia had been living peacefully until they encountered Reiss inside the consulate one day. They chased him as he tried to flee and defeated him in a battle at the outskirts of Rodania. Though it took some time to hear the entire story due to the other conversation taking place within the carriage, Rio was caught up on the situation by the time they alighted from the carriage and entered the fortress.</p>

      <p><em>So you’re saying Reiss is dead? </em>Rio confirmed as he entered the front door.</p>

      <p><em>Probably. But I couldn’t find his body. He disappeared without a trace after he was defeated. His presence was completely gone as well, </em>Aishia answered a little uncertainly.</p>

      <p><em>He summoned a lot of monsters before finally transforming into a monster himself, huh? And it was a monster you’ve never seen before, that disappeared the moment you defeated it.</em></p>

      <p>Rio almost hummed out loud in spite of himself. It was hard to believe such a story. However, he had sensed a kind of creepiness from Reiss before, and it was hard to imagine Aishia lying to him.</p>

      <p><em>Considering what you’ve just told me, it’s hard to believe Reiss is human. Since he transformed into a monster, it’d make sense if he really </em>was <em>a monster. But you said he didn’t drop an enchanted gem when you defeated him, right?</em></p>

      <p>Rio confirmed the facts under the assumption everything Aishia said was true. If he had transformed into what looked like a vicious monster, then it was possible that Reiss was really a monster.</p>

      <p>Monsters were creatures that left behind enchanted gems when they died, so if he was a monster, he would have left a gem. However, that wasn’t the case here.</p>

      <p><em>There was nothing left behind.</em></p>

      <p><em>Which means he isn’t a monster either, huh? But if he isn’t a monster, then what other options are there...?</em></p>

      <p>Rio thought for a long moment. He had a humanoid form, and the ability to change into the form of a monster. The only other option he could think of was...</p>

      <p><em>Could he be... a humanoid spirit...? </em>Rio reached that conclusion.</p>

      <p><em>I’m not sure. Reiss’s aura was closer to a monster than a spirit. But his presence is normally so weak that he almost seems like a human when he’s not doing anything. It’s weak enough to go unnoticed until he’s right nearby,</em> Aishia added with more uncertainty.</p>

      <p>Spirits could sense other spirits. To be more precise, spirits could sense the spiritual auras of other living creatures. Spirits themselves had the most unique spiritual auras, so it was easiest for them to sense the presences of other spirits. This was something Dryas had taught Rio.</p>

      <p><em>Which means he’s closer to a monster than a spirit after all, huh... But there was no enchanted gem.</em></p>

      <p>In that case, just what was his true identity? Rio found that questionable, but he didn’t have enough information to come up with an answer right now.</p>

      <p><em>The other thing I’m wondering is what Reiss was doing in the Rodania consulate. Did it have something to do with Princess Christina and Princess Flora’s abduction, or was it for a different purpose? </em>Rio wondered. The two princesses had been attacked while they were on an airship, not while they were in Rodania.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t know. But Reiss snuck into the consulate right as the office was short staffed during the commotion from the princesses being abducted from their airship.</em></p>

      <p>That was when Aishia had noticed Reiss, in the middle of escorting Celia.</p>

      <p><em>So it’d be natural to assume he wanted to take advantage of the commotion clearing out the consulate to do something. Did he say anything that might give us a hint?</em></p>

      <p><em>Nope. He kept saying he hadn’t meant to run into us. I think that’s why he tried to flee straight away.</em></p>

      <p>Reiss’s true goal had been Celia, but because Lucius had acted on his own at the last minute, that truth escaped Rio and Aishia.</p>

      <p><em>That part matches with the report Duke Huguenot received, I see. I was worried when I heard that Professor Celia saw a man resembling Reiss but lost track of him, but it was right to confirm the details with you first.</em></p>

      <p><em>Celia made the report. She didn’t tell him that we pursued him and fought, but she said she had to mention the fact she saw him, </em>Aishia explained.</p>

      <p><em>I see... I’m so glad you were there by her side. Thank you, Aishia, </em>Rio said with sincerity.</p>

      <p><em>It’s fine. It’s my job to protect Celia when you’re not around.</em></p>

      <p><em>Thank you, truly... </em>Rio said, then paused for a long moment.<em> I was able to achieve my goal thanks to you. I got vengeance for my mother and father.</em></p>

      <p><em>Everyone really wants to see you. I’m glad you’re back too. </em>Aishia’s voice echoed gently.</p>

      <p><em>Thanks... I keep thanking you, ha ha, </em>Rio said awkwardly.</p>

      <p><em>Will you be with us forever now?</em></p>

      <p><em>Yeah. Reiss’s purpose in Rodania bothers me, so I’ll try and stay with you guys as much as possible.</em></p>

      <p>In which case, the invitation to Rio’s mansion in the Galarc Castle was a timely offer.</p>

      <p><em>I’d like to gather everyone and tell them something, so let’s bring Professor Celia to the stone house tonight, </em>Rio suggested.</p>

      <p><em>Got it. Shall I head over there first and let them know in advance?</em></p>

      <p><em>Yeah. But after we meet up.</em></p>

      <p>Thus, it was decided they’d take Celia and head to the stone house tonight.</p>

      <p>“We’ve arrived,” Marquess Rodan said from down the hallway. The party stopped in front of a certain room.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia, I’m ending our telepathic conversation here. We’ve arrived at our destination.</em></p>

      <p><em>Got it.</em></p>

      <p>There were two female knights standing before the room they had stopped at, and they saluted Christina and the others with great emotion.</p>

      <p>“Please enter.”</p>

      <p>One of the knights opened the door for them to enter.</p>

      <p>The interior of the room was spacious and tidy. There were another two female knights chatting to each other on the sofa, but they shot to their feet at Christina and Flora’s entrance, saluting them in a hurry.</p>

      <p>“We’re coming in,” Christina said, approaching one of the many beds in the room. It was the bed Vanessa was sleeping on.</p>

      <p>“So she still hasn’t woken up...” Christina grieved with a small sigh.</p>

      <p>Indeed, this was the ward where Vanessa was recovering. After receiving a fatal wound on the enchanted airship, she had miraculously escaped death, but she was yet to wake up. Christina and Flora had come straight here after hearing that.</p>

      <p>“Vanessa...”</p>

      <p>Flora approached the bed and fretfully looked down at Vanessa’s face. Vanessa was as pale as a sheet, looking as though she was literally lying on her deathbed.</p>

      <p>“Vanessa was the only surviving witness to what went on in the airship, so she’s been receiving VIP treatment here,” Duke Huguenot explained.</p>

      <p>Vanessa was a well-trusted knight of Christina and Flora’s, so he was probably trying to emphasize his part in treating her courteously.</p>

      <p>“Yes. As you can see, we’ve also placed her under strict security. While we’d like to hope it isn’t the case, it’s possible that a spy within the organization may try to silence her. Vanessa is beloved by her subordinates, so they’ve come to use this room as their break room just to guard her around the clock.”</p>

      <p>Marquess Rodan praised the female knights in admiration.</p>

      <p>“I see. Then I must express my gratitude. Thank you.”</p>

      <p>Christina sighed quietly at the roundabout way Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan sought praise, then thanked the female knights in the room.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for all you’ve done,” Flora said too, looking at the knights. Meanwhile, Rio stared at Vanessa’s sleeping face from behind Christina and Flora.</p>

      <p><em>They said she’s been unconscious ever since she was injured, but this is a coma, right? If so, the cause is probably damage to the brain...</em></p>

      <p>He wasn’t certain as he hadn’t studied medicine in his past life, but wasn’t damage to the brain one of the more likely causes of prolonged comas? For example, she might have bled to the point her brain function was impaired by the time the wound closed, or she might have struck her head hard while injured.</p>

      <p>With that thought, Rio opened his mouth. “I only have a vague amount of knowledge regarding medicine, but may I ask a few questions regarding Vanessa’s condition?”</p>

      <p>The existence of healing magic in this world meant that any wound short of a lost body part was easy to close up. Because of this, the development of medical science in certain areas was exceedingly behind. The use of <em>cura</em> was so widespread that in some regions the study of the human body’s interior functions was heavily avoided.</p>

      <p>Thus, even Amakawa Haruto who hadn’t studied any medical science in his past life had more knowledge in certain areas than the people of this world.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Are you knowledgeable about medical science too, Haruto?”</p>

      <p>“Truly accomplished in everything, I see. Splendid!”</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan immediately tried to butter up Rio.</p>

      <p>“No, I’m honestly not that knowledgeable, but... May I ask how Vanessa lost consciousness in the first place?”</p>

      <p>Rio looked at Christina and Flora, who had been there at the scene.</p>

      <p>“After she was stabbed in the abdomen with a knife, she was kicked in the face and sent flying across the room.”</p>

      <p>Christina looked back on the moment with a bitter expression.</p>

      <p>“I see... Then, could you tell me which areas she was injured in, no matter how minor?” Rio asked next. This time, he didn’t address Christina and Flora who had been teleported before they witnessed the aftermath, but Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan who would’ve received the medical report.</p>

      <p>“Injured areas, you ask? According to Roanna, who performed the treatment, the only area she was bleeding from was her abdomen...”</p>

      <p>“In other words, the only area that was treated with <em>cura</em> magic was her abdomen?”</p>

      <p>“No, after she was brought to Rodania, we had several sorcerers treat her entire body just in case,” Duke Huguenot answered, tapping a hand against his chin as he dug through his memories.</p>

      <p>“Her entire body...” Rio thought for a short moment, then asked his next question. “May I ask what kind of treatment was done? For example, if you administered medicine or performed any other medical actions.”</p>

      <p>“The knights would be more knowledgeable about that, as they cooperated with the doctors in nursing her,” Duke Huguenot said, looking at the knights in the room. “Well?”</p>

      <p>“I see... We basically followed the doctor’s instructions to allow her to sleep in peace. Wiping down her body, cleaning excretions, using a tube to make sure she ingests nutrients and avoids dehydration... The doctor also said it’d be good to have someone beside her talking while she was unconscious, so we’ve been chatting to each other while in this room.”</p>

      <p>One of the knights folded the fingers on her hand as she listed off their duties in detail.</p>

      <p>“We considered the possibility of a curse on the knife causing her to remain unconscious and tried curse purification spells. We also considered the possibility of wounds invisible to the eye and spent several days casting <em>cura</em> and using magic potions for recovery. There was also the possibility of poison being used, so we mixed antidote magic potions into her nutrients. We thought of drawing blood to remove the remaining poison, but that idea was postponed as she’d lost so much blood when she was wounded,” the other knight added.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the detailed explanation. Was that everything?” Rio confirmed carefully.</p>

      <p>The female knights exchanged a look and nodded. “Yes...”</p>

      <p><em>It seems they’ve been attentively applying healing magic and recovery magic potions to no avail, so that means brain damage is causing this after all, right? With the level of medicine in this world, they wouldn’t know much about the structure of the brain and how to scan it... Assuming the brain damage is causing her to remain unconscious, what is the reason for that?</em></p>

      <p>Rio looked down at Vanessa and contemplated the reason for her continued coma.</p>

      <p><em>Was it because she hit her head when she was kicked away? Or, since it sounds like she lost quite a lot of blood before her wound was closed, was her brain deprived of blood circulation and damaged? Magic isn’t capable of replenishing lost blood...</em></p>

      <p>Perhaps she barely managed to survive thanks to her wound being neatly closed while losing an almost lethal amount of blood. Or perhaps her face being kicked in was the cause. Rio guessed it was either one of these possibilities.</p>

      <p><em>The brain is the most complex part of the body... Internal injuries are especially difficult to treat, and some wounds can’t be treated at all. What if the damage to Vanessa’s brain is especially severe? Severe enough for several hours of regular treatment to be ineffective...</em></p>

      <p>If that was the case, then...</p>

      <p><em>If her brain was treated with powerful healing magic, wouldn’t she be able to wake up?</em> That possibility seemed reasonable.</p>

      <p>The attention of everyone in the room had gathered on Rio before he knew it.</p>

      <p>“Have you realized something, Sir Haruto?” Flora asked Rio like she was praying.</p>

      <p>“I have no concrete evidence, but first, it’s certain that she lost a lot of blood when she was stabbed in the abdomen. Does everyone here know what blood is?” Rio asked, looking around the room.</p>

      <p>“It’s a body fluid necessary for maintaining biological activity... I’ve learned before that the contamination of blood is a cause for many diseases,” Christina answered.</p>

      <p>That was what Rio had learned in the Royal Academy as well. The method of drawing blood for detoxification that the female knights had referred to earlier was because of the belief in this world that drawing contaminated blood served as a treatment for disease.</p>

      <p><em>Fortunately, they didn’t draw any more blood from her... She doesn’t have enough to begin with, </em>Rio thought in relief.</p>

      <p>“The reason for Vanessa’s coma might be because her brain received invisible damage, either from her face being kicked or from losing a lot of blood,” he explained briefly.</p>

      <p>“Brain... You mean the part of the body within the head?” Christina asked in confusion, unfamiliar with the subject.</p>

      <p>“Yes. She may wake up if you heal the wound in her brain with magic.”</p>

      <p>While it was mostly impossible to treat a comatose patient with heavy brain damage using modern Earth medicine, wasn’t there a chance in this world where magic and spirit arts existed? Rio made his proposal with that in mind.</p>

      <p>“Is it possible? To wake her up...”</p>

      <p>“It seemed like she was unable to recover with just <em>cura</em> and magic potions, but the time required for recovery changes depending on the skill level of the healing magic caster, the time spent casting magic, the area treated, and the restriction of the magic effect range. Healing internal injuries is already difficult enough, but the brain is particularly complex, so it’ll be even more difficult. I don’t have professional knowledge either, so I can’t say for sure that it’ll succeed, but there may be potential in focusing on treating the head area,” Rio said, explaining how healing magic worked.</p>

      <p>For example, a light injury would take mere seconds to finish treating, but a broken bone or internal injuries would take over ten minutes for the average healer to treat. Though this varied greatly depending on skill...</p>

      <p>“I can use healing magic. Please let me try.”</p>

      <p>“I can use it too.”</p>

      <p>Perhaps they had found hope in his words, as Christina and Flora eagerly offered themselves up for the healing role.</p>

      <p>“Is there anything we can do, Haruto?” Duke Huguenot asked too.</p>

      <p>“Please prepare a large amount of highly nutritional cold liquid foods that Vanessa can consume easily and immediately when she wakes up. It’ll depend on her appetite, but prepare some easily digestible solid foods too. Blood is created in the body by obtaining nutrition, and there’s a limit to how much she can gain from a tube. She may still be lacking blood when she wakes up, so it may be better to have her directly intake the nutrients as much as possible.”</p>

      <p>“I see. I shall make arrangements.”</p>

      <p>“Then let’s begin treatment as soon as the food is ready.”</p>

      <p>Thus, it was decided on the spot that they would attempt to treat Vanessa.</p>

      <p>“Lunch hour has just passed, so we can prepare it immediately!”</p>

      <p>The female knights left the room in a hurry. Less than a few minutes later, they returned. Then, another few minutes passed, and one of the servants of the consulate entered the room, pushing a cart.</p>

      <p>“Your meal has arrived.”</p>

      <p>The cart was piled full of cold foods. It wasn’t a realistic amount someone could eat after waking from a coma—not even a bulky man could eat that much.</p>

      <p>“That’s too much,” Christina said with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“M-My apologies. We gave the orders in a hurry.” The female knights apologized.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. This should be more than enough, at least.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, let’s begin. Princess Christina and Princess Flora, if you could make your way to the opposite side of the pillow to me,” Rio said, moving to the side of the bed furthest from the door. Christina and Flora stood on the opposite side as ordered.</p>

      <p>“What you’ll be doing is extremely simple. I will support Vanessa’s body, and you two will take turns casting <em>cura</em> on her head.”</p>

      <p>“We just have to cast healing magic on her head...?” Christina asked curiously.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Like I said before, the inside of the human head is extremely complex. Treatment will be quite difficult, so I don’t know how much time it will take. It could be a bit of a long endeavor, so please conduct the healing in turns to split the burden.” Rio lifted Vanessa’s head in his right palm, sliding his left hand around her to prop her up as he explained.</p>

      <p>“I understand. Then I shall use <em>cura</em> first.” Christina stepped forward first, reaching her hand out to Vanessa’s head. She looked a little nervous and took a deep breath.</p>

      <p>“Don’t be nervous. I’ll help too.” Rio smiled to calm Christina.</p>

      <p>Christina tilted her head for a brief second but soon made an understanding face and relaxed with a smile. “Okay... Please do.”</p>

      <p>“Ready when you are,” Rio signaled.</p>

      <p>“<em>Cura</em>.” Christina recited the spell and began casting healing magic on Vanessa’s head. A magic circle appeared at Christina’s hand, emitting a faint light.</p>

      <p><em>Right. Now I’ll enhance Vanessa’s physical body...</em></p>

      <p>Rio casually activated his spirit arts, using his left hand to strengthen Vanessa’s body and right hand to heal her brain.</p>

      <p>Spirit arts brought about supernatural phenomena in the form of materializing the imagination of the caster. And that imagination heavily affected the results. By casting healing spirit arts with a clear image of the structure of the body and its affliction, one would be able to effectively treat complex internal injuries.</p>

      <p>And yet, Vanessa still didn’t wake up immediately.</p>

      <p>“Let’s continue with the treatment for a while,” Rio urged.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Several minutes passed. Rio and Christina were concentrating, so the rest of the room fell into silence. Flora also prepared for Vanessa waking up by holding a plate and spoon in her hands, waiting with bated breath.</p>

      <p>Among them, Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan were watching with expressions that said “Healing magic and magic potions have already been tried extensively to no effect. Will she really wake up like this?” and an acknowledgment of “Well, let’s just watch on.”</p>

      <p><em>There’s still no sign of her waking up, but the damage to her brain should be beginning to heal. I should try switching to a spirit art that stimulates her consciousness.</em></p>

      <p>Rio secretly changed the spirit art being cast in his right hand from a healing one to one that interfered with the minds of others.</p>

      <p>He believed it wouldn’t be good to use a spirit art that suddenly stimulated the brain when the damage hadn’t been healed yet, so he had waited until now. But in the end, he still found it risky to suddenly and strongly interfere with the consciousness, so he kept his output rather low.</p>

      <p>Using spirit arts to interfere with another person’s mind without burdening it required a sophisticated technique, so he would leave the healing to Christina alone from here onward.</p>

      <p>Healing magic itself required a constant and large output of magic to remain activated, taking quite a high degree of concentration. Christina’s face started to sweat.</p>

      <p>“Shall I switch with you soon, Christina?” Flora asked worriedly.</p>

      <p>“No, I’m still fine.” Christina smiled gently to reassure Flora.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan wore expressions tha said “Is this impossible after all?”</p>

      <p>While focusing healing magic on the head, a body strengthening spirit art would be applied to enhance the weakened bodily functions from being bedridden, and another spirit art would be used to stimulate the awakening of the mind. In this way, they performed a high level treatment impossible for Strahl humans to recreate by using spirit arts in conjunction with magic. However, to the others around them, it merely looked like Christina was casting <em>cura </em>on Vanessa’s head, so Duke Huguenot and the Marquess’s doubts were understandable.</p>

      <p><em>If this doesn’t work, I’ll have to ask Professor Celia for her assistance as well... </em>Rio thought, when just then, Vanessa’s body trembled.</p>

      <p>“Urk...” A groan escaped from her lips.</p>

      <p>“Vanessa!”</p>

      <p>“Commander?!”</p>

      <p>Christina, Flora, and the female knights noticed and reacted strongly.</p>

      <p>“My goodness...” Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan were wide-eyed in wonder.</p>

      <p>“Please call out to Vanessa, everyone,” Rio directed.</p>

      <p>“Wake up, Vanessa.”</p>

      <p>“It’s Flora. Can you tell who I am, Vanessa?”</p>

      <p>Christina and Flora complied immediately from beside her pillow. They repeated similar phrases over and over again, while the female knights watching on called out to her with a “Please wake up, Commander.”</p>

      <p>After a few moments, Vanessa blearily opened her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Prin...cess...?” she said.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. Wake up now,” Christina yelled as she cast <em>cura</em>.</p>

      <p><em>Time for the finish. I’ll strongly stimulate her mind to wake up while strengthening her body. </em>Rio increased the output of both his spirit arts.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Ugh... Wh-Where...?” Life returned to Vanessa’s hazy eyes as she uttered sensical words.</p>

      <p>“The consulate in Rodania. Do you know who I am?” Christina asked immediately.</p>

      <p>“Pri... Princess... You’re safe...” It seemed she had a clear memory of what had happened before she lost consciousness.</p>

      <p>“Sir Amakawa saved us. But worry about yourself right now. You were critically wounded and have been unconscious up until now.”</p>

      <p>“Ah...” Vanessa let out a breath of relief.</p>

      <p>“I know you just woke up, but do you have any appetite?” Rio asked Vanessa, supporting her from behind. One normally wouldn’t be able to eat at all after being bedridden with weakened organs and no ability to swallow, but a rumbling sound suddenly echoed.</p>

      <p><em>Her body is being enhanced by spirit arts. It seems her digestive organs have been rejuvenated enough, </em>Rio thought in relief. He normally used physically enhancing spirit arts in order to reduce the damage his body took or exceed the limits of moving around in battle, but by using it when a body’s functions were weakened, he was able to restore the body to a pseudo-healthy state.</p>

      <p>“It seems like you do,” Christina sighed in relief, looking at her sister. “Flora.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right away. Vanessa, open your mouth.”</p>

      <p>Flora nodded eagerly and brought a spoonful of thick soup to Vanessa’s mouth.</p>

      <p>“Mmm...” Vanessa swallowed the soup vigorously. The next instant, her eyes that hadn’t been quite focused regained their life.</p>

      <p>“Ah, mo...” Vanessa moved her mouth, trying to say something.</p>

      <p>“Mo...?” Christina and Flora tilted their heads.</p>

      <p>“M-More! Give me more, p-please!” Vanessa pleaded desperately; she must have been starving.</p>

      <p>Everyone in the room blinked in surprise.</p>

      <p>After a brief pause, Christina broke into a gentle smile. “Feed her, Flora.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right!” Flora’s face brightened as she brought the next bite to Vanessa’s mouth.</p>

      <p>“Omph!” Vanessa eagerly snapped at the spoon. It was strange for a master to nurse her bodyguard, but Venessa currently didn’t have the mind or body to think about that.</p>

      <p>“W-Wow. I’ll prepare the next bite.” Flora withdrew the spoon in a fluster, moving to scoop up the next bite of soup from the plate. Rio continued to touch the back of Vanessa’s head throughout this, secretly activating his spirit arts.</p>

      <p>“N-No, I can feed myself! Mmgh, mmgh...!” Vanessa grabbed the plate with considerable force and brought her mouth directly to the soup to gulp it all down at once.</p>

      <p>“Is it okay for you to be eating so fast...?” Christina asked in shock, but Vanessa’s eyes were fixed on her meal right now.</p>

      <p>“Yes... Could you pass me that plate as well?” she said with a tremendous appetite.</p>

      <p><em>Wow. I thought the most she’d be able to eat would be liquid foods, but the effects of the physical body enhancement is sure doing its work. </em>Even Rio, the person casting the physical body enhancement, was wide eyed.</p>

      <p>“Bring the entire cart over here,” Christina ordered with a sigh.</p>

      <p>The servants immediately pushed the cart over. After that, Rio and the others had to watch Vanessa’s display of aggressively stuffing her mouth with solid foods, devouring them so greedily she nearly choked, and washing them down with drinks.</p>

      <p>There was no conversation. Vanessa simply continued feverishly placing food in her mouth. Seeing her in such a condition made everyone think that she’d be okay.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Roughly half an hour later, Christina and Flora led Rio out of Vanessa’s ward.</p>

      <p>Vanessa had finished ingesting her required meal and was now sleeping soundly like a log once again. Since sleeping immediately after eating placed a large burden on the body, she wore an armband with a physical body spell enchanted on it. The magic essence needed to continuously power the band was provided externally, keeping the interior of the body stimulated as she slept.</p>

      <p>Seeing how satisfied Vanessa looked as she snoozed comfortably, Christina decided there was no point in remaining in the room and suggested they head somewhere else. Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan left separately as they had information to discuss with each other.</p>

      <p>“Vanessa sure had an amazing appetite,” Flora uttered in wonder, thinking back to what had happened in the ward.</p>

      <p>“It was astonishing. But I’m glad,” Christina agreed with a relieved smile, then turned to Rio. “Thank you so much, Sir Amakawa. We keep borrowing your help, but we’ll definitely repay this favor as well.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all. I wasn’t the one who administered the healing.”</p>

      <p>“But you activated some kind of spell, right?” Christina asked, looking at Rio’s side profile.</p>

      <p>“Well, yes... But I cannot tell the others what I was doing, so please don’t thank me for it.” Rio nodded while declining her gratitude. He’d told Christina and Flora about spirit arts, but he had no intention of telling anyone else.</p>

      <p>“Then allow me to do something personally to thank you.” Christina wouldn’t back down either. Even if she couldn’t thank him publicly, she wanted to reward him personally.</p>

      <p>“Please let me reward you too,” Flora immediately requested as well.</p>

      <p>“If there’s an opportunity in the future. We have somewhere to be right now, though.” Rio changed the subject with a bit of a frown.</p>

      <p>“Yes... We’ve just arrived. It’s this room.” Christina stopped before a certain room inside the consulate fortress.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure it’s okay for me to enter?” Rio hesitated.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Walking around the fortress serves the purpose of spreading word that Flora and I are both alive. She may be in the middle of a lecture, but we should go inside and ask for her permission to observe.”</p>

      <p>That’s right. Inside this room, Celia was in the middle of teaching the noble children of the Restoration.</p>

      <p>News of Christina and Flora’s return had already spread throughout the noble class of Rodania, but actually showing their figures in public had a greater influence on morale. Since they didn’t have any immediate work to tend to, it was decided they’d walk around the fortress at Christina’s order—who also invited Rio along.</p>

      <p>“We might as well go and observe Professor Celia’s class. Would you like to come along?” Christina had said. Celia was apparently teaching several consecutive classes today, but this would be her last one.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia, we’re about to go in.</em></p>

      <p>Rio sent a telepathic message to Aishia inside the room first.</p>

      <p><em>Okay. Celia’s panicking, </em>Aishia replied immediately. He had given them warning the moment the trip was decided to spare Celia from the shock, but she was apparently shaken by it.</p>

      <p>While that was going on, Christina opened the door a tiny crack, then pushed it open while peering inside.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go in.” Christina entered the room first, followed by Flora.</p>

      <p>Rio went in after the two of them and the scenery of the room entered his view. The room was an oblong shape, crammed full of students from their early to mid-teens.</p>

      <p>Celia knew through Aishia that Rio and the others were on their way, but that didn’t mean she could tell her students that Princess Christina and Princess Flora were coming. She acted as though she had no idea they were coming to observe as she stood at the teacher’s podium to conduct the lecture.</p>

      <p>However, the door had opened, so the lecture stopped. The gazes of the students flew at once to the door at the front of the room at once. Since the people that appeared were Christina and Flora, the students immediately burst into chatter.</p>

      <p>“E-Everyone! Be quiet!” Celia slammed her palms on the podium, trying to quiet her students. She then moved away from the podium and hurried over to Rio and the princesses.</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina, Princess Flora. And Haruto...” Whether it was from seeing the two princesses safe or from seeing Rio’s face again, Celia’s eyes were a little watery with emotion.</p>

      <p>“I apologize for creating such a fuss out of the blue,” Christina said apologetically.</p>

      <p>“Not at all. I’m overjoyed to see the two of you safe. I’m sure the students are all delighted as well. But why are you here?” Celia asked, tilting her head.</p>

      <p>“Part of the reason is we wanted to show the hopeful youths of the Restoration our safe selves... But Sir Amakawa is also with us, so we decided to come observe your lecture,” Christina explained with an impish giggle. Her expression was somehow very natural, and she looked pleased.</p>

      <p>“Is that so... Of course I don’t mind, but please give me a moment to explain that to the students.”</p>

      <p>Celia blinked in wonder, then turned to look at the students. “Everyone, the safely returned Princess Christina and Princess Flora say they wish to observe our class today,” she informed the room in a loud voice.</p>

      <p>“Oooh!” The students cheered happily. They knew Christina and Flora had returned to Rodania alive, but their main duty was to study. They had to hold back their desire to welcome them back at the harbor and instead attend this lesson, so there was no way they wouldn’t rejoice from Christina and Flora coming to visit them in person. On top of that, hearing the princesses wanted to observe their class filled them with motivation.</p>

      <p>“Quiet, quiet now! We need to show them our usual class atmosphere. There’s no need to be too enthusiastic, but don’t look too pathetic either, okay? Pull yourselves together without making a fuss. Understood?”</p>

      <p>Celia clapped her hands, calling out to the students. She seemed to have stimulated their pride well with those words, as they all replied “Okay!” in unison and quieted down.</p>

      <p>“As expected of your masterful touch,” Christina said, praising Celia.</p>

      <p>“They’re all fired up to show you their best sides.” Celia looked around at the students with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“Being able to take your lecture again, with Christina and Sir Haruto... It’s truly like a dream,” Flora said, sounding happy from the bottom of her heart. Rio sitting alongside Flora and Christina in one of Celia’s lectures was unimaginable back when they were attending the Royal Academy of Beltrum. Rio always sat alone when he attended lectures.</p>

      <p><em>For some reason... It feels like the two princesses are a little different from before.</em></p>

      <p>Celia had a faintly odd feeling. That was probably because Christina and Flora were now aware of Rio’s identity, but Celia didn’t know that yet.</p>

      <p>“I’m glad your dream was fulfilled, then. Now, we can’t keep the lecture suspended forever, so please continue.” Christina seemed to sense what Flora was feeling and smiled gently. She then urged Celia to resume the lesson.</p>

      <p>“There are some free seats at the back, so you may sit down there.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. I’ll also look back on the past while observing your lesson, Professor.”</p>

      <p>Christina headed for the back of the room with Rio and Flora. A hundred pairs of curious eyes followed their movements with great interest.</p>

      <p>“Say. Who is that guy? Is that man a noble?”</p>

      <p>“That’s Sir Amakawa, I think. The honorary knight of the Galarc Kingdom. The key figure in rescuing Princess Christina and Princess Flora, or something.”</p>

      <p>The male students noticed Rio. Christina and Flora were walking around with a man their age, so it was only natural for the attention to gather there.</p>

      <p>“He isn’t that much older than us... He already had achievements from when Princess Christina joined up with the Restoration, right?”</p>

      <p>“He attended the party held back then too.”</p>

      <p>“I heard he’s on good terms with Galarc’s king and hero as well.”</p>

      <p>Some of the male students whispered to each other, wondering just how much he had accomplished when he wasn’t that far off in age to them.</p>

      <p>For example, at the party held when Christina joined up with the Restoration, Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan had tried to set Rio up with young noblewomen. Due to this, Rio, who wasn’t originally well known among young male nobles, became known to some of them, and his identity was confirmed.</p>

      <p>“Now, let’s resume the lecture.” Celia looked at Rio, Christina, and Flora all sitting in a row at the back and smiled softly as she restarted the class.</p>

      <p><em>Come to think of it, it’s been four years since Rio’s watched me teach... Yeah, I have to give it my all as well! </em>Celia thought to herself.</p>

      <p>The same thought went through Rio’s mind. <em>I never thought I’d take one of the professor’s classes again</em>.</p>

      <p>He watched Celia’s teaching figure with a pleasant expression. Celia’s appearance hadn’t changed at all in the last four years, so it really was as though time had rewound itself.</p>

      <p><em>I sat down as I was told to, but...</em></p>

      <p>The only difference between back then and now was that he was sandwiched between people who hadn’t been there in the past. If he turned to his right, there was Christina, and if he turned to the left, there was Flora. Christina was seated properly and listening to Celia talk. Flora had a cheerful grin on her face, but when she noticed Rio’s gaze on her, she blushed shyly.</p>

      <p><em>Right... I should focus.</em></p>

      <p>Rio immediately pulled himself together and focused on the lecture.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>“And that concludes today’s lecture,” Celia declared half an hour later.</p>

      <p>Normally, that would be the signal for the students to all stand at once and crowd around Celia with questions and comments—or otherwise leave the room—but today, the classroom was deathly quiet. Celia looked around and saw no one walking towards her with questions, so she timidly made her way towards Rio and the others at the back of the room.</p>

      <p>“It was a wonderful lecture as always, Professor Celia. I feel like I’ve returned to my roots by hearing one of your lectures again,” Christina offered to Celia once she approached.</p>

      <p>“I’m honored, but... That’s an exaggeration,” Celia said shyly.</p>

      <p>“No, it was truly amazing. I’m also pleased to be able to attend a lecture together with Sir Amakawa and Flora like this.” Christina shook her head with a soft smile, looking at Rio and Flora.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for allowing us to observe your lecture today, Professor Celia,” Flora said, joining the conversation with a spring in her voice.</p>

      <p>“You’re welcome. I could tell you were enjoying yourself while you were listening, so I had lots of fun teaching as well.”</p>

      <p>Celia had seen Flora grinning happily throughout the whole lesson from the teacher’s podium; it made her smile as she recalled that.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha, it’s all thanks to you three visiting me. Oh, that’s right. There are a few students who would love to have an opportunity to meet you. May I call them over here?” Celia suddenly asked, sensing the students’ excitement and smiling wryly at them.</p>

      <p>“Yes, of course.” Christina didn’t know who it would be, so she tilted her head curiously as she agreed.</p>

      <p>“Saiki, Murakumo.” Celia called the surnames of two students.</p>

      <p>“Oh, so those two were also in attendance.” Christina caught on the moment she heard the surnames. Saiki Rei and Murakumo Kouta—they were the two who had escaped from Beltrum Castle with her.</p>

      <p><em>Come to think of it, Rei mentioned that he’s dating a noblewoman now. And Kouta said something about training in the Restoration before becoming an adventurer...</em> Rio recalled the last time he met them before he’d left.</p>

      <p>“Have the two of them been well?” Christina asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes. They both have the talent to become excellent sorcerers. They normally take the lecture with the ladies from Baron Dandy and Baron Gilbert’s houses, but... Huh? Have they left already? Saiki? Murakumo?”</p>

      <p>No one showed up after Celia called them, so she turned to the seats where they normally sat. The gazes of all the students gathered there too.</p>

      <p>“R-Rei, this is bad. We’re being called on,” Kouta said.</p>

      <p>“Sir Kouta is right. You must answer when you’re summoned—especially since Princess Christina and Princess Flora are here,” Rosa added.</p>

      <p>Rei shook his head. “Uh, no. If we go out now, we’ll definitely stand out.”</p>

      <p>Kouta, Rei, and Rosa Dandy, who was dating Rei, all sat in a row. It seemed like Rei didn’t want to stand out in class, so Kouta and Rosa were urging him to move with hushed voices. However, he kept his head down to hide himself.</p>

      <p>“Reacting like this will make you stand out even more, you know? It’ll only get worse the more you put it off,” a girl named Mikaela Belmond pointed out in amusement. She sat on Rosa’s other side.</p>

      <p>“Guh... I guess I don’t have a choice. Let’s go, Kouta. You come too, Rosa.” Rei seemed to find his resolve and urged his underclassman up, grabbing the hand of his fiancée as he stood up himself.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Sir Rei!”</p>

      <p>“Enjoy yourselves, you three.” Mikaela saw them off with a wave.</p>

      <p>“Why must I go as well...” Rosa murmured nervously.</p>

      <p><em>The two of them do seem to be doing well</em>. They hadn’t changed at all since their journey together. Rio chuckled to himself.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha...” Celia laughed awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“You both look well,” Christina said once Kouta and Rei approached, smiling in exasperation. Flora wasn’t acquainted with either of them, so she backed away shyly.</p>

      <p>“Yes, fortunately. We’re glad you’re safe as well,” Kouta said, nodding.</p>

      <p>“I, err, offer my sincerest congratulations on your safe return, Princess Christina, Princess Flora...” Rei placed a hand over his chest and gave a respectful noble’s greeting. His fluency was still a little shaky, but his intent was clear.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. It was all thanks to Sir Amakawa,” Christina said, looking at Rio.</p>

      <p>“It’s good to see you again, Rei, Kouta. I’m glad to see you in good health,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“We heard you saved the princesses again. You’re so cool, Haruto,” Kouta said in awe.</p>

      <p>Rei nodded along. “Yes, yes. Sir Amakawa is truly the man of the hour.”</p>

      <p>“Have you changed the way you speak, Rei...?” His words sounded oddly noble-like.</p>

      <p>“Oh, well, I have to worry about how people perceive me now. My fiancée is in the process of teaching me how to speak properly. You are a foreign noble, an honorary knight equivalent to someone who holds the title of count, so if I don’t act appropriately, I’ll be scolded for it later...” Rei answered honestly, looking at Rosa.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t you dare say anything strange</em>, Rosa said with her glare.</p>

      <p>“H-Honestly, I’m really nervous. Nobles sure have it hard.” Rei noticed Rosa’s gaze and brushed it off with a slightly panicked laugh.</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” Rio agreed with an amused look. “If you’re engaged now, does that mean you’ve become nobility?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I received the title of baronet from Princess Christina. This is my fiancée, Rosa Dandy,” Rei said, introducing the girl beside him to Rio.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s a pleasure to meet you. My name is Rosa Dandy. It is my greatest honor to be able to greet Princess Christina, Princess Flora, and Sir Amakawa like this.”</p>

      <p>Rosa seemed rather nervous, but she was able to give a better noble’s greeting than Rei could; a baron’s daughter would normally be too far down the ladder to ever speak with the two princesses. As an honorary knight, Rio’s status was also higher, equivalent to a count, and he was the man of the hour, like Rei had said, so her nerves were most understandable.</p>

      <p>“I see. It’s nice to meet you. I’m Haruto Amakawa.” Rio returned the greeting politely.</p>

      <p>“I’ve heard all about you from Sir Rei, so, umm, it’s an honor to be able to meet you.”</p>

      <p>“I was also greatly indebted to Rei on our journey to Rodania, so the honor’s all mine.”</p>

      <p>“Umm, I’m pretty sure I was relying on you the whole time...” Rei muttered while scratching his cheek.</p>

      <p>“Rosa, was it? Baronet Saiki is a good friend of the hero, Rui, so make sure you support him,” Christina said to Rosa.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, Your Highness! I will make sure to do so.” Rosa bowed her head solemnly.</p>

      <p>“I’d love to talk to you two some more, but it’s hard to talk in peace here. Perhaps at a later date... Hmm. We’ll be heading to Galarc’s capital again in a week’s time. Would you like to come too?” Christina asked Kouta and Rei, having come up with the idea in the middle of speaking.</p>

      <p>“To the Galarc capital, you say...?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, I don’t mind...”</p>

      <p>Kouta and Rei exchanged a look and nodded.</p>

      <p>“All right. I’ll contact you again with more details soon,” Christina said.</p>

      <p>“Okay,” the two replied in unison.</p>

      <p>“Do you have time after this, Professor Celia? I’d like to speak to you, along with Sir Amakawa and Flora.”</p>

      <p>“Of course. I don’t have any classes for the rest of today.”</p>

      <p>“Then let’s change rooms. It doesn’t seem like the students will go home if we stay here,” Christina said, standing up. Thus, Rio and the others relocated to have their talk.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>