<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 16</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: New Place, New Ripples?</h1>

      <p>Roughly half an hour later, the group had relocated from the drawing room to the grounds of the castle. Charlotte led the way to the mansion Francois had bestowed onto Rio, and they were accompanied by Satsuki, Liselotte, Julianne, and a freshly changed Christina and Flora.</p>

      <p>“This is the mansion that Sir Haruto was given,” Charlotte said, coming to a stop in front of the building to point it out.</p>

      <p>“It’s a stone’s throw away from the tower I’m living in. I figured it was within eyeshot of my room, but I wasn’t sure exactly where. It looks even better up close, though.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki turned around to look up at the tower she lived in. There were fewer than one hundred meters between the two buildings.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go inside. It has some basic furnishings and was restocked with supplies while you were all waiting, so you can move in right away. I’ll give you a brief tour of all the rooms, and then we can have a chat in the drawing room. Come this way.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte resumed leading the way. Several of her attendants were waiting before the mansion, bowing their heads silently. One of them looked up and walked over to the entrance to open the door.</p>

      <p>The party proceeded to enter the mansion. They first went through every room, allowing Rio to change his clothes along the way, then finally moved to the drawing room to sit down on the sofa there.</p>

      <p>The seating was based on Charlotte’s casual lead—Liselotte and Julianne sat in the lower seats closest to the door, with the others diagonally on either side of them in a U-shape. Rio was sandwiched between Satsuki and Charlotte, while Christina and Flora sat across from them.</p>

      <p>“As expected of a royal mansion... It’s wonderful. There’s so much space, and there are so many rooms,” Satsuki said, impressed by the tour she’d just experienced.</p>

      <p>“I still have my doubts about living here when I’m not royalty...” Rio muttered, giving his thoughts once again now that he had seen the mansion.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, being the only one exempted to live on the castle grounds does kind of stand out,” Satsuki said, smiling wryly out of sympathy for Rio.</p>

      <p>But Charlotte immediately beamed. “If the king that reigns over all royalty has allowed it, then there isn’t a problem at all. I too would love to have you live in this mansion, so I’ll support you to the best of my ability.”</p>

      <p>“Aha ha...” Satsuki laughed dryly. “There’s one thing I’ve been wondering. What is defined as ‘royalty’? I know Char is a royal, and so are Princess Christina and Princess Flora, but how far down the bloodline can you go before the relatives are no longer considered royalty? It’s never been made clear to me, so I thought there were lots of royals.”</p>

      <p>“That’s actually explained in detail in the Royal House Law. Every child born between the current king and his first wife that hasn’t renounced their royal status is considered royal—this is the same for every kingdom. It’s also common to include the previous king and his first wife, as well as the children between them. Apart from that, it tends to vary from kingdom to kingdom,” Charlotte explained, recalling the facts from her memory. She then turned to one of the other princesses in the room. “Is that how it works in the Beltrum Kingdom, Princess Christina?”</p>

      <p>Christina nodded and spoke with a calm tone. “Yes, the same applies there.”</p>

      <p>“In other words, regardless of their current or former post, whoever has a history of being the king and queen is considered royal for their entire lives. And their children will also keep being royals as long as they don’t renounce their status,” Satsuki said, summarizing the explanation to make it easier to understand.</p>

      <p>“Yes, exactly. Renunciation is the complete withdrawal from the royal family. There are special exceptions when a foreign royal family is involved, but in most cases, marrying into the family of a vassal means taking on their status instead. It’s quite common for royals to marry into the duke families of the kingdom. In fact, a royal has married into the Cretia house in the past,” Liselotte continued, looking at Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... So you’re not royalty, but a relative to royalty. I see, I see.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, I don’t see any royals outside of the king’s direct descendents in the castle very often. I have greeted them before, though.”</p>

      <p>“It isn’t desirable for other royals to involve themselves in politics, as it can potentially cause the decentralization of power. That’s why the only ones allowed to live inside the castle are father, mother, and us children—Michel, Rosalie, and myself. Everyone else lives in mansions within the castle grounds.”</p>

      <p>“If you don’t mind me asking out of curiosity, is the reason a royal would marry a vassal and renounce their status also politically motivated?” Satsuki looked at Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“Yes, it is. Most are made under the pretense of strengthening the royal family’s bond with a particular vassal. Since the difference in status always ends up hindering things, it’s common to marry into the vassal’s family, as I said before,” Charlotte explained, sending a quick, flirtatious glance at Rio before giggling.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... I see...” Satsuki also glanced at Rio and nodded in understanding.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, renunciation mostly applies to royals of low succession rank, so for those with high ranks like Princess Christina, Princess Flora, and myself, it’s not a matter of concern,” Charlotte added.</p>

      <p>“Mm... But isn’t it difficult to find a marriage partner without renouncing your status? Will high-ranked royals end up single for their whole lives?”</p>

      <p>“That won’t happen. For the high-ranked royals, it’s common to let the children of their vassals marry into the royal family instead. But it’s mostly the duke families that do so.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, so they can marry while maintaining their royal status. I see.”</p>

      <p>“It isn’t always the case, but it’s seen as disgraceful for a high-ranked royal to renounce their royal status. Even if they don’t admit it out loud, there are royals who wish to keep their status for their entire lives.”</p>

      <p>In other words, there was a hierarchy within royalty, and whether one was renounced depended on that ranking—and high-ranked royals abhorred the idea of renouncing their status.</p>

      <p>“I think I get it now... Royal marriage sure is complicated, huh?” Satsuki’s face twitched faintly as she processed all the information she’d just received.</p>

      <p>“Indeed it is,” Charlotte sighed tiredly, but with strong agreement. She then turned to Rio next to her and smiled gracefully. “But if it were for Sir Haruto, I would happily renounce my royal status.”</p>

      <p>Rio had just brought his cup to his mouth, but those words took him by surprise, causing him to choke. “A-Ahem... Pardon me,” he said as soon as he recovered, still flustered.</p>

      <p>But everyone else present was frozen in disbelief at Charlotte’s statement, so his words never reached them.</p>

      <p>The first one to speak among them was Satsuki. “H-Hey now, Char. You shouldn’t say that in front of Princess Christina and Princess Flora, yeah?” she warned her.</p>

      <p>“That’s not necessarily true. The situation has changed from the time when Sir Haruto left the castle after the banquet ended.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean...?” Satsuki asked, watching Charlotte carefully for any change in expression. She recalled the bomb that was dropped after Rio left the castle.</p>

      <p><em>It’s true that I considered him to be an older brother, but it turns out I was mistaken. It seems I’ve started to harbor a liking for Sir Haruto personally, </em>Satsuki thought.</p>

      <p>“I’m saying that it’s all thanks to Sir Haruto. Hee hee. We weren’t able to meet for a while, but you didn’t forget about me, right?” Charlotte evaded Satsuki’s question and spoke to Rio directly.</p>

      <p>“No, of course not...” Rio replied awkwardly under her gaze, clearly remembering what had happened at the time.</p>

      <p>“I’m so pleased.” Charlotte was delighted, beaming in a carefree and innocent way.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Liselotte watched her as though she was seeing something truly curious. As a duke’s daughter, Liselotte had known Charlotte from a young age, and since Charlotte had also taken a liking to her, they’d ended up becoming good friends. They knew each other well.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t rare for Charlotte to show interest in the opposite sex, but it was normally for the purpose of teasing them. She had never been serious about it. In other words, teasing the opposite sex and enjoying their reactions was one of her few hobbies—and an extremely troublesome one, at that. That had been the case until now, but...</p>

      <p><em>This expression... Is Princess Charlotte serious?</em></p>

      <p>It seemed like this time was different; the look on Charlotte’s face was like nothing Liselotte had ever seen before. And as far as Liselotte knew, Charlotte had never made any direct statements to signify a special liking in the opposite sex. She merely <em>pretended</em> to like them.</p>

      <p><em>If she would happily renounce her royal status for him, that means... She wants to marry him...? I-I don’t know. What happened between the two of them? What does this mean? I’m so curious, but...</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte was helplessly interested in Charlotte’s intentions. A rare look of surprise remained on her face; Julianne saw that look from beside her and giggled.</p>

      <p>Charlotte leaned in close to Rio beside her. “And so, I wish to see you again soon. I won’t stop you from going to Rodania with Princess Christina and Princess Flora, but please do what you must to persuade everyone, then return quickly. I am also very curious about this Lady Celia person who is so close to you.”</p>

      <p>“She is a part of the Restoration, so I cannot bring her with me at my own discretion... She also has work to do in Rodania right now,” Rio answered, faltering.</p>

      <p>“Then let’s ask Princess Christina for permission. What do you say, Princess Christina?” Charlotte asked her on the spot. Her handling of the situation was extremely nimble—almost as though she had planned this from the moment she invited Christina along. This behavior would have been exceedingly rude depending on the status and position of those involved, but that didn’t apply to her as a high-ranked royal.</p>

      <p>Christina agreed readily without any hesitation. “That should be fine. It’s almost time for a long vacation, so it won’t be particularly difficult to cut short her work as a lecturer. I’m sure she’d like to spend some time with Sir Amakawa as well.”</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided!” Charlotte rejoiced with an exceedingly sweet smile. “Lady Celia and Sir Haruto seem rather close, so I’m truly looking forward to meeting her... That’s right! If Lady Miharu and any others are coming to stay, we should hold a sleepover in this mansion.”</p>

      <p>“You all right with that, Haruto? You don’t have to agree if you don’t want to, okay? At this rate, Char will keep deciding on everything,” Satsuki said to Rio, sighing tiredly. She probably had to put up with this kind of pushiness on a daily basis.</p>

      <p>“I’ll decide after asking everyone what they think.”</p>

      <p><em>They’ll also have to consider that while deciding whether to come... </em>Rio thought, but he kept that to himself as he replied with a rather strained smile.</p>

      <p>“Then we’ll have a sleepover if they all come! It’s a rare opportunity, so you should come too, Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>“Me? I have my work schedule to consider, so it might be difficult for me...” Liselotte was taken aback by the sudden offer.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto is leaving for Rodania with Princess Christina and the others tomorrow, right? How long will it take for you to return to Galtuuk?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s see... We should arrive within the day if we take the enchanted airship from Galtuuk to Rodania, and I can speak to Lady Celia immediately... I’d need another one or two days to meet up with Miharu and the others, so if I can catch an airship back to Galtuuk, then perhaps a week or so?” Rio pondered, giving himself plenty of leeway. Since he was in front of others, he used a title when referring to Celia.</p>

      <p>“You can leave your return trip to me. I’ll send out the airship,” Christina offered.</p>

      <p>“Oh, are you sure? I was prepared to send one of ours to fetch him,” Charlotte said.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I intend on returning soon to speak with King Francois, so I’d be grateful if Sir Amakawa is willing to accompany me on the trip.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then the transport will be left to the Restoration. If you’re coming back with Sir Haruto, would you like to participate in the sleepover too, Princess Christina?” Charlotte said with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“Oh, no, I...” As before, her reservation towards Rio took precedence. Christina was about to reject the invitation by reflex when she suddenly noticed Flora’s expectant gaze on her and swallowed her words.</p>

      <p>“If Princess Christina is in attendance, then Princess Flora is more than welcome as well,” Charlotte added with a glance at Flora.</p>

      <p>Christina replied after a moment of hesitation. “I’m not sure if we’ll be able to participate in a sleepover, but we could attend a tea party or dinner together.”</p>

      <p>“Wonderful! There’s even more to look forward to with the two of you there. But we don’t want Sir Haruto’s companions to feel uncomfortable, so there’ll be no formalities or any standing on ceremony—please keep that in mind,” Charlotte said, showing ample consideration for Miharu and the others as well.</p>

      <p><em>Things really do keep getting more grand. Is it even acceptable for unmarried princesses and noblewomen to stay in a man’s house? It may be too late for me to ask now, though, </em>Rio thought in dubious confusion.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I’m so looking forward to it. If only the day could arrive faster.” Charlotte had a truly satisfied look on her face as she lost herself in her thoughts. The event was probably happening for sure in her mind.</p>

      <p><em>I guess my participation is set as well... Well, I want to let Miharu see Satsuki again, and I’ll have to be there even if Latifa and the others can’t come. As for the sleepover... Well, I can just shut myself in my room as much as possible...</em></p>

      <p>If Charlotte was the organizer for everything, then Rio’s fears would probably be of no concern. Any further contemplation would only add to his worries, so he decided not to think anymore.</p>

      <p>“How about you, Lady Julianne?” Charlotte asked.</p>

      <p>“I’m married already, so you young people should enjoy yourselves. I’ll inform my husband, so please look after my daughter,” Julianne declined with a cheerful spring in her voice.</p>

      <p>Liselotte sighed quietly. <em>Looks like my participation in all this is decided, huh? I’ll have to adjust my schedule once I return to Amande.</em></p>

      <p>However, there was a faint smile on her face.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The conversation that took place in Rio’s new mansion was generally friendly, but at the request of Charlotte, who wished to save the detailed discussion for the sleepover, they decided to call it a day a little over an hour later. Satsuki, Charlotte, Liselotte, and Julianne were to remain in Rio’s mansion.</p>

      <p>“Well then, Flora and I will be leaving now.”</p>

      <p>Christina and Flora prepared to leave. They had heard the story of how Liselotte’s engagement talks with Hiroaki went down earlier, so they probably wanted to talk to Duke Huguenot and Hiroaki about it in further detail.</p>

      <p>“Could you show us the way to Duke Huguenot’s room,” Christina asked the lady-in-waiting as soon as she left Rio’s mansion. With her guards included, a total of ten odd people moved across the grounds and towards Duke Huguenot’s room.</p>

      <p>“Duke Huguenot isn’t here right now. According to the guard, he’s currently visiting the hero’s room...”</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot was absent from the room the Galarc Kingdom had assigned to him. The lady-in-waiting had exchanged words with the guard beside his room to find out his current location.</p>

      <p>Christina thought for a moment before deciding to visit Hiroaki’s room. “I see... Can you lead us there?” she requested.</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>The lady-in-waiting bowed her head respectfully and began leading the way. It was right near Duke Huguenot’s room, so they arrived in less than a minute. Thus, Christina and Flora entered the room.</p>

      <p>“Greetings, Princess Christina, Princess Flora.”</p>

      <p>There were three figures inside: Hiroaki, Duke Huguenot, and Roanna. Duke Huguenot and Roanna stood up to welcome them, bowing their heads. Their expressions were slightly panicked.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki was sitting on the sofa with a sullen look on his face. That was enough for Christina and Flora to presume he was in a bad mood.</p>

      <p>“Good day, Sir Hiroaki.” Christina paid him no mind as she pinched the hem of her dress and curtseyed, greeting him calmly.</p>

      <p>“Huh? It hasn’t been a good day for me,” Hiroaki snapped sarcastically.</p>

      <p>“Did something happen?” Christina asked, still calm.</p>

      <p>“No... Nothing. So you two were off having fun with that Haruto bastard, huh?” Hiroaki turned away with a huff, sulking.</p>

      <p>“It was an invitation from Princess Charlotte, the princess of our ally kingdom that Sir Haruto, our savior, is affiliated with. We cannot treat them with disdain.”</p>

      <p>“You say that, but you two actually wanted to be there, didn’t you?” Hiroaki muttered under his breath. However, his words failed to reach anyone’s ears.</p>

      <p>“Did you say something?” Christina tilted her head.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki grit his teeth. “I was in the middle of talking to Duke Huguenot and Roanna,” he began to say.</p>

      <p>“What were you talking about?” Christina asked, seeking clarification.</p>

      <p>“About my marriage to Rosalie.”</p>

      <p>Christina glanced at Duke Huguenot and Roanna, who looked rather pale, then turned back to Hiroaki. “Just to confirm, this is Third Princess Rosalie of the Galarc Kingdom you’re referring to. Is that correct?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Please let me hear the details. You may all sit down as well.”</p>

      <p>Sensing something troublesome on the horizon, Christina prompted her party to sit down before taking a seat opposite to Hiroaki herself. Flora sat beside her, the two of them facing Hiroaki. Duke Huguenot and Roanna moved to a lower seat.</p>

      <p>“What’s the story?” Christina asked Hiroaki once they had settled into their seats.</p>

      <p>“There’s not much to tell. I want Rosalie as my first wife. That’s all,” Hiroaki said simply, lifting his face to watch her reaction.</p>

      <p>“I see. Were Duke Huguenot and Roanna explaining why that would be impossible?” Christina asked in a detached tone, showing no particular surprise as she let Hiroaki stare at her.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah.” The unexpected reaction made Hiroaki’s brow furrow faintly as he nodded.</p>

      <p>“You originally agreed to Flora as a first wife. Is that correct? This was announced publicly.”</p>

      <p>“But Flora disappeared with no way of knowing if she was alive. The engagement was as good as called off at that point. That’s why I was getting engaged to Rosalie to prevent the organization from falling apart,” Hiroaki replied in an overeager manner.</p>

      <p>“You are entirely correct. However, Flora returned alive before things proceeded with the engagement, so the Galarc Kingdom would also be expecting you to return to Flora. I believe your engagement with Princess Rosalie has been called off at this point.”</p>

      <p>“Well, how convenient for you. I’m getting fed up with having my engagement change at the drop of a hat, you know?”</p>

      <p>A conflicted look flashed across Christina’s face before she bowed her head solemnly. “Indeed, that is most understandable. I apologize for sweeping you along at our convenience.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” Hiroaki snorted, finding some satisfaction in that response.</p>

      <p>“There’s one thing I’d like to ask. Is the reason you feel so strongly about marrying Princess Rosalie because you love her?”</p>

      <p>At Christina’s question about his feelings for Rosalie, Hiroaki’s eyes darted everywhere in a sudden show of embarrassment. “H-Huh? Oh, not really... If anything, I’m neutral about it.”</p>

      <p>“That was imprudent of me. However, it is something crucial for me to know... I apologize for my rudeness.” Christina apologized once again.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki looked suspicious. “Huh...?”</p>

      <p>“Allow me to confirm one last thing. You wish for Princess Rosalie to be your first wife, not Flora. Is that correct?” Christina continued, staring at him.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. That’s what I was saying from the beginning.” Pressured by Christina’s gaze, Hiroaki’s answer came out in a high-pitched squeak.</p>

      <p>“I understand. Then let’s call off your engagement to Flora,” Christina stated simply.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What are you saying, Princess Christina?!” Duke Huguenot was unusually flustered, yelling out in confusion. Beside him, Roanna was so shocked she froze, eyes wide open. In fact, even Hiroaki—the one who originally suggested it—was rendered speechless.</p>

      <p>“We can’t change the facts. Sir Hiroaki wishes for Princess Rosalie to be his first wife.”</p>

      <p>“That doesn’t mean you should agree to it so readily...! Wouldn’t Sir Hiroaki’s ties to the Restoration weaken like that?”</p>

      <p><em>Are you in your right mind?</em> Duke Huguenot implied without those exact words.</p>

      <p>“Being married to someone you do not love would be agony for the rest of your life,” Christina answered smoothly, her tone as calm as ever. The “someone you do not love” here referred to Flora.</p>

      <p>“B-But when you’re a royal or noble...”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, such matters are irrelevant when you’re a royal or noble. However, Sir Hiroaki is neither royal nor noble. He’s a hero.” Christina continued Duke Huguenot’s unfinished words and smoothly dismissed them.</p>

      <p>“That’s...” Duke Huguenot fell speechless, face twitching. If the subject at hand had been a young noblewoman, he would have dismissed such demands with a laugh, but he couldn’t do that with the hero.</p>

      <p>“I have no objections to marrying a complete stranger if they bring benefit to the kingdom. If I don’t love them before we marry, I will strive to do so. But that is because I’m royalty—I cannot expect the same from Sir Hiroaki.”</p>

      <p>“H-However, even then... The hero is absolutely essential to the Restoration. The best way to strengthen the ties of our organization would be...” Despite his difference in status to Christina and lack of consideration towards Hiroaki’s position, Duke Huguenot continued trying to persuade her with a strained expression.</p>

      <p>“Of course, I understand how you feel. But the heroes are not originally from this world. They merely descended here by chance through the sacred summoning stones. They were originally legends passed down through the generations. Am I wrong?”</p>

      <p>“That is correct, but...” Duke Huguenot looked dubious, unable to see the entire picture from just that.</p>

      <p>“The heroes originally didn’t exist. It would be wrong to force them into the framework of our organization. Do you agree?”</p>

      <p>“Since they exist now, I don’t think it’d be wrong to consider them in our calculations...” Duke Huguenot wasn’t about to back down easily. He didn’t often press his objections towards his direct superiors like Christina, but the hero held enough value to warrant it.</p>

      <p>“Since they exist now, we have to consider things properly. But that doesn’t mean we can force them. The heroes transcend us humans, so forcing them into our society will create a distortion.”</p>

      <p><em>Exactly like how we’re being troubled by this current mess, no?</em> Christina implied with a smile that lacked any warmth.</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot fell silent at that.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t exactly volunteer to become a hero either. If I could return to Earth, I would,” Hiroaki mumbled quietly.</p>

      <p>A curtain of silence had fallen over the room, so his voice resounded well.</p>

      <p>“In that case, would you like to quit being a hero?”</p>

      <p>Christina wanted to ask what he intended to do about his engagement to Rosalie if he was saying he wanted to go back to Earth, but she decided to ignore it and get to the core of the matter instead.</p>

      <p>“It’s not something I can quit even if I wanted to,” Hiroaki said sullenly. Christina was so composed that he couldn’t allow himself to get heated.</p>

      <p>“The Restoration receives great benefit just by having you as a member of the organization, but if being here is a burden to you, then there should be room for further consideration.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re saying you don’t need me in the Restoration?”</p>

      <p>“Honestly speaking, the Restoration would be in a very bad place without you, so we would be greatly appreciative if you continued to remain with us. However, I wish to respect your opinion above all else. That is what I’m saying. These are my sincere feelings towards you, the hero, as the representative of the organization that wishes to keep you on board hereafter,” Christina said, making an appeal to Hiroaki in a truly dignified manner.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki opened his mouth to say something, but no words came out. He fell silent with a bitter look.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>