<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 16</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: Saint of Vengeance</h1>

      <p>Drastically different from Galarc was a tiny kingdom far out on the edge of the Strahl region. This place was worn down to its limits; it was cold and dry, and it barely got any rain at all. The land had all but withered away, and the citizens were famished.</p>

      <p>The only ones prospering were the noble class and above. Only royalty and nobility were capable of an affluent life, and they made up less than one percent of the population. The majority of the kingdom was starving. That was how the kingdom existed until now.</p>

      <p>The rich were no gods. Nothing could last forever.</p>

      <p>The end came abruptly.</p>

      <p>Change was trying to occur; the first change that would greatly shake the Strahl region was happening right at this very moment.</p>

      <p>“Raaaaaargh!”</p>

      <p>In the capital of the small, starving kingdom, angry voices roared.</p>

      <p>Ten thousand people out of a population of a hundred thousand were marching forward. They had shabby weapons and armor—most were holding farming tools. Some weren’t holding anything.</p>

      <p>Just minutes ago, those people had broken through the gates to the noble district and were now swarming towards the royal castle. Many of the buildings in the noble district were reduced to rubble along the way.</p>

      <p>Leading the way to the castle was a black-haired woman in a holy dress, wielding a beautiful bishop’s staff like a mace. She looked to be around her mid to late twenties.</p>

      <p>“Come, my devout believers. The time is now. Follow my lead!”</p>

      <p>The woman raised her staff high in the air and called out to the people. Her voice was nearly wiped out by the angry cries, and it only reached the ten people immediately behind her.</p>

      <p>“Today, as of this moment, I will pass the judgment of god onto this rotten kingdom. The rulers who hoarded wealth in the name of god will taste true divine punishment!”</p>

      <p>She lifted her staff towards the castle, which stood on the cliff at the deepest end of the noble district, and raised her voice.</p>

      <p>“Your anger is my anger! Your vengeance is my vengeance! Thus, I will bring down the hammer of justice on the rotten rulers of this world! Now, everyone! Release all your overflowing rage! Send it all to me!”</p>

      <p>There was no stopping her—not her voice, nor her march forward. Their pace was only that of a half jog, but they were getting closer and closer to the castle.</p>

      <p>“Send me your anger! And I... I... I shall erase it all! Erase it all, and build it up again! The people, and a society for the people! We must dispose of them! Of the corruption, those rotten rulers! We will create a revolution for the people with our hands! We will create a democracy!”</p>

      <p>The only thing reflected in her eyes was the castle on the cliff. She recited her words as though they were borrowed from someone else, yelling them vacantly into the angry crowd. However, the wrath in her eyes was unmistakable. She undoubtedly felt a violent hatred towards something.</p>

      <p>And so the woman advanced.</p>

      <p>She closed in on the castle at the end of the noble district. However, once she approached within several hundred meters of the foot of the castle, she came to a sudden stop.</p>

      <p>The people following her collectively halted as well.</p>

      <p>“Vengeance is mine! I will reply!”</p>

      <p>The woman looked up at the castle on the cliff while yelling.</p>

      <p>“Vengeance is yours! Vengeance is yours!” the people chanted.</p>

      <p>“Vengeance is mine! I will reply!” The woman yelled while raising her staff.</p>

      <p>“Vengeance is yours! Vengeance is yours!”</p>

      <p>The angry yells eventually filled the entirety of the capital.</p>

      <p>“Vengeance is yours! Vengeance is yours!”</p>

      <p>The woman felt the angry yells of the people against her back. Then, after an amount of time, she swung her staff down.</p>

      <p>The moment the end of the staff hit the ground, the earth exploded, violently rising upwards. The explosive energy gathered towards the front, blowing the earth up and towards the cliffside where the castle was.</p>

      <p>“Raaaaaagh!”</p>

      <p>The people watched the spectacle while yelling passionately. The swelling earth rose like a wave, approaching the cliff.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, on the highest floor of the royal castle...</p>

      <p>“Wh-What? What is this? What have I ever done to them?”</p>

      <p>The king of the kingdom was trembling. The view that only those in power could witness up until yesterday no longer existed in the capital. Mere minutes ago, the gate to the noble district was blown away, the buildings in the noble district were destroyed, and the violent crowds were now drawing near.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m scared. I’m scared... It’s terrifying, so terrifying...” The king shook violently.</p>

      <p><em>I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. I’m scared. </em></p>

      <p>Only one emotion filled his heart, his head—everything. There were a thousand soldiers protecting the castle, but there was no telling if they were reliable enough to hold the fort.</p>

      <p>A thousand could be killed in an instant.</p>

      <p>Just then, the door to the room where the king was hiding flew open. The commander of the knights appeared.</p>

      <p>“Y-Your Majesty! Please flee—”</p>

      <p>The knight commander tried to yell, but his words were cut off before he could finish.</p>

      <p>The last thing the king saw was the explosion that involved the commander and all the surrounding stone.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Back at the foot of the cliffside...</p>

      <p>“Aaaaaah!”</p>

      <p>“As of this moment, this kingdom has obtained salvation! The rotten royals and nobles are gone!” the woman declared proudly.</p>

      <p>“Whoooooo!”</p>

      <p>The people cheered. They saw the divine sight of the woman—no, the saint—and cheered. The woman raised her staff once again.</p>

      <p>“From now on, I will be your spear, your staff, your guide to the proper path. Now, let us build our own country on this land!”</p>

      <p>While the saint’s voice was drowned out by the cheers of the people, her declaration to found a nation was not.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>