<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 1</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:42275dd2-0683-403f-9915-b08da4645ed7" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix001">
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix001">AFTERWORD</a></h1>
<p class="noindent"><a id="page-201"></a>Taking a bath with a Dark Lord is all right if he’s ten, right…?</p>
<p class="space-break1">Hello, everyone, this is Yu Shimizu. It’s a pleasure to meet any of my first-time readers, and to those who’ve read my previous series, <em>Blade Dance of Elementalers</em>, it’s been two months or so since my last publication.</p>
<p>Thank you all for waiting. This is my new series for the new Reiwa era in Japan, <em>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</em>! The greatest Dark Lord, the Undead King, is reborn after one thousand years—only to find he’s now a ten-year-old boy! Sorcery has declined and disappeared, with a world of developed magitech taking its place. It’s a sword fantasy where he’s surrounded by cute older girls!</p>
<p>How did you like it? To sum up the concept of this work, it is the appearance of a child and the intellect of a Dark Lord! Maybe it sounds similar to some other work of fiction, hmm?</p>
<p>He possesses the power of the greatest Dark Lord, but at the same time, he looks like a boy who’s only ten years old. Please look <a id="page-202"></a>forward to finding out what meetings and battles await our Dark Lord Leonis at Excalibur Academy!</p>
<p class="space-break1">Now then, I’d like to offer some thanks.</p>
<p>Firstly, to Asagi Tosaka, for drawing the illustrations for this volume. Thank you very much! As you can surely see, dear readers, they can only be summed up as: the best!</p>
<p>I knew how detailed and subtle your designs were from <em>Girly Air Force</em>, but you gave the characters a sense of presence and cuteness that exceeded my expectations. That includes the school uniforms!</p>
<p>To my editors, my editor in chief, proofreaders, designers, and the printing office. I’ve really caused you a great deal of trouble this time around. This was the tightest schedule I’ve had to adhere to as an author, but thanks to all of you, I’ve managed to get the book published. My deepest gratitude.</p>
<p>And lastly, to you readers of my story. Thank you very much! Thankfully, it’s already been decided that the series will continue. I’ll do my best to deliver the next volume as soon as possible, and I’d be happy if you could show your support for the series then.</p>
<p class="space-break1">A small taste of what the next volume will include! The Undead King Leonis finally begins his school life in earnest. Riselia worries over having become a [redacted]. Elfiné takes up an unusual job. Shary and Regina have a gyoza-making standoff. And the young love of little Tessera (age eight) develops. Please look forward to it!</p>
<p class="right"><strong><em>Yu Shimizu, April 2019</em></strong></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>