<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 1</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:42275dd2-0683-403f-9915-b08da4645ed7" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter030">
<p><a id="page-189"></a>Leonis heaved a sigh of exasperation and brandished his sword. The blade gleamed with darkness.</p>
<p>This was the holy sword given to the greatest swordsman among the Six Heroes, Leonis. A holy sword…? No, the blessing of the Goddess had reforged it into a demon sword—one kept sealed so as to contain its intense power…</p>
<p class="space-break1">Thou Art the Sword to Save the World, Gifted by the Heavens.</p>
<p>Thou Art the Sword to Ruin the World, Made to Rebel Against the Heavens.</p>
<p class="space-break1">A Holy Sword, Sanctified by the Gods.</p>
<p>A Demon Sword, Blessed by the Goddess.</p>
<p class="space-break1">I Demarcate This Land as My Kingdom and Wield You to Lay Waste to My Foes.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Let Your Name, Submerged in Darkness, Ring Forth—</p>
<p>“The Demon Sword, Dáinsleif!”</p>
<p>The Demon Sword glinted in the light as Leonis readied its black blade. It was the antithesis of a holy sword. It had been blessed by the Goddess who rebelled against the gods of the Celestial Sphere. And since it was wielded by a Dark Lord, it became known as the Demon Sword.</p>
<p>However, Dáinsleif still retained its will from when it was a Holy Sword and was sealed so it could only be drawn under a very specific condition. And that condition was…</p>
<p><em>To protect one’s kingdom.</em></p>
<p>Dáinsleif was originally forged to protect one’s country. A weapon for safeguarding one’s kingdom and driving away invaders…</p>
<p><a id="page-190"></a>And so the Undead King proclaimed this land, the Seventh Assault Garden, as his kingdom. He declared the citizens on the surface to be his subjects and Excalibur Academy to be the castle over which he reigned. The fact that he successfully drew the Demon Sword meant it acknowledged this as Leonis’s domain.</p>
<p>It was entirely unexpected and unplanned, but from this moment forward, the Seventh Assault Garden and Excalibur Academy would have to become the base for the resurgence of the Dark Lords’ Armies. And this Void Lord who threatened the lives of his subjects was…</p>
<p>“You are the enemy I am meant to strike down,” Leonis decreed, resolute. He gripped the Demon Sword in his hands.</p>
<p><em>…Impossible… Why do you possess…the Holy Sword that struck down a god…?</em></p>
<p>The fearful voices of the Archsage reverberated through the underground tunnel.</p>
<p>“…Oh? Have you regained enough of your sentience to know fear?” Leonis sneered for a moment before vanishing from where he stood.</p>
<p>“Leo?!” Riselia raised her voice in surprise.</p>
<p>The Goddess of Rebellion had sealed more than just the Demon Sword’s power in the blade. She’d also sealed within the weapon Leonis’s power and experience from when he was a hero. Which meant that when Leonis held the Demon Sword, he would regain the power of the greatest swordsman to have ever lived.</p>
<p>The master of the Demon Sword cut through the assembled Voids in the blink of an eye and leaped high into the air. The Archsage’s faces twisted and contorted grotesquely on the trunk of the Holy Tree.</p>
<p>“Any last words, king of the Voids…?”</p>
<p><em>…Ruin…cannot be overturned… No matter what…</em></p>
<p><a id="page-191"></a>“I am the Undead King. Destiny is governed by my hand,” Leonis said with a scoff, and then…</p>
<p>“Secret Blade Art of the Rognas Kingdom School—Ragna Lost!”</p>
<p>The Demon Sword’s blade unleashed an incredible black light, eradicating the Holy Tree from existence.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>