<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 7</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:d07c17cb-a26b-429b-9c0e-4e409a424927" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix001">
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a id="page-167"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix001">AFTERWORD</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Everyone, thank you for waiting! This is Volume 7 of <em>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</em>!</p>
<p>This volume’s story marks the beginning of the Imperial Capital arc. The story thus far could be seen as individual tales meant to introduce different character motivations. But from this volume onward, each of those character stories will converge with many mysteries being revealed.</p>
<p>Why do the apostles revive ancient Dark Lords and members of the Seven Heroes? What is the conspiracy brewing behind the scenes of the Holy Sword Dance Festival? There are many twists and turns in store! I hope you enjoy seeing how everything unfolds!</p>
<p class="space-break">Now, for some thanks. To Asagi Tohsaka, thank you for making super-excellent illustrations for this volume! Thank you so much! All of your art is so lovely, but the best one is the spread of all the heroines in bunny costumes. I actually knew while writing this book that there wouldn’t be a scene with all of them in bunny costumes, but I got on all fours and tearfully begged my editor, “I want to see theeeeeeeem! I want to see Asagi Tohsaka draw the <a id="page-168"></a>main girls in bunny outfiiiiiiits, bwaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!” Thankfully, it worked. And now we have that wonderful piece of art. Some might think that the person writing this series is a real weirdo… But I have no regrets!</p>
<p>To Asuka Keigen, who’s in charge of the manga version. Thank you so much for drawing such high-quality art for every issue. Volume 3 of the manga, which has Shary on the cover, is coming out at the same time as Volume 7 of the light novel, so be sure to pick them both up! I wrote some side stories for the manga, too!</p>
<p>To my editors and proofreaders: I know I’ve caused you a great deal of trouble this time. I’m very grateful for your patience!</p>
<p>And the biggest thanks go to all you readers! It’s been two years since the first volume, and your support has been unwavering. Thank you very much! There was an autograph session in March. It was an online one, but even so, hearing words of gratitude from my readers was so heartwarming. We have lots of fun plans in store, so I hope you’re excited!</p>
<p>Next time, the Holy Sword Dance Festival finally begins. Will Leonis return to Riselia and the others in time? And what of the figure who appeared with the Azure Hold?</p>
<p>Until then!</p>
<p class="right"><strong><em>—Yu Shimizu, April 2021</em></strong></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>