<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 7</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:d07c17cb-a26b-429b-9c0e-4e409a424927" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter022">
<p>“What…?!”</p>
<p>…the red-haired girl was gone.</p>
<p><em>Whoosh!</em></p>
<p>A massive, crimson dragon beat its wings and soared up into the starry night. A great surge of wind rattled all of the hotel’s windows.</p>
<p>“Wh-whaaaaaaat?!” Riselia exclaimed, the surprise finally getting her to release Leonis. “L-Leo, is that…the dragon from…?”</p>
<p>She pointed up at the great creature, trembling all the while.</p>
<p><em>No talking my way out of this one.</em> Leonis sighed and shrugged.</p>
<p>“Yes, she’s an ancient being known as the Dragon Lord. She’s not human.”</p>
<p>“…The Dragon Lord.”</p>
<p>Veira flew off, leaving a beautiful trail of flames in her wake, like a shooting star.</p>
<p>“Where is she going?”</p>
<p>“To a battlefield,” Leonis replied.</p>
<p>“A battlefield…? What is she going to fight? The Voids?” Riselia asked.</p>
<p>“No, she will face…a far more terrible opponent.”</p>
<p>The Lord of the Seas—Rivaiz Deep Sea. The strongest of all Dark Lords.</p>
<p><em>Veira might match Rivaiz as a Dark Lord, but…</em></p>
<p>At present, the Dragon Lord had yet to regain her full strength, and the Lord of the Seas wasn’t going to be her only adversary.</p>
<p>Leonis’s astute minion noticed his tone and realized what he wanted. “Go with her, Leo,” she urged with a smile.</p>
<p>“Miss Selia…”</p>
<p>“She’s an old friend of yours, right?”</p>
<p><a id="page-142"></a>“…”</p>
<p>He’d never intended on letting Veira go alone, but he hadn’t known how to tell Riselia. Her suggesting it was unexpected.</p>
<p>Leonis peered into Riselia’s eyes. “I don’t know if I’ll be back in time for the Holy Sword Dance Festival.”</p>
<p>“Are you going that far?”</p>
<p>“Yes…”</p>
<p>Leonis didn’t know how close the Lord of the Seas was, but it had to be more than a day’s journey. Likely more than two. Riselia seemed pensive for a moment and then patted Leonis on the head.</p>
<p>“Don’t worry. I’ll figure something out.”</p>
<p>“Are you sure?” he asked.</p>
<p>“Yes. But…” Riselia brought her lips to Leonis’s ear and whispered, “Come back as soon as you can.”</p>
<p>“I will.”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>