<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 7</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:d07c17cb-a26b-429b-9c0e-4e409a424927" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter012">
<p><a id="page-83"></a>“Would you please stop treating me like a child?” Leonis grumbled, dejected.</p>
<p>“Heh-heh. You say that, Leo, but you’re eating the kids’ meal.”</p>
<p>“Huh?” Leonis looked down at his plate.</p>
<p>A ground beef steak and pasta, fried shrimp and fries, chicken stirred rice, and pudding for dessert… They were all foods he liked.</p>
<p>“N-no! I mean, yes, it does look like a kids’ meal, but this is a combination plate. The menu said so. Look! There’s no flag on the rice!” Leonis desperately tried to refute Riselia’s claim.</p>
<p>“But it says only kids ten and under can order this plate…” Riselia pointed at the menu with a strained smile.</p>
<p>“…What?!”</p>
<p>And indeed, it did say that in fine print.</p>
<p><em>C-curse you, Shary…!</em></p>
<p>This combination dish was listed in Shary’s report as a recommended meal. Shary likely meant no harm, of course. She’d merely suggested something that had all of Leonis’s favorites.</p>
<p><em>I suppose I’m at fault for not checking thoroughly.</em></p>
<p>Leonis took another bite of his steak. “Kids’ meal or no, it’s still very good,” he remarked with a dignified tone.</p>
<p>“Yes, that’s true.” Riselia nodded and giggled. Then she set aside her tableware in an orderly fashion. “We’ve still got some time. Is there anywhere you’d like to go, Leo?”</p>
<p>Well…” Leonis paused to think. “I’d like to see the Phillet Company building…”</p>
<p>As soon as he’d spoken the words, Riselia’s expression stiffened a little. She brought her lips to his ear and whispered, “Um, the Phillet Company main building isn’t in the Central Garden.”</p>
<p>“It isn’t?”</p>
<p>“No. Their building is on float four. The whole thing is company <a id="page-84"></a>premises, and all entries and departures are heavily monitored. Civilians aren’t permitted inside at all.”</p>
<p>“That sounds like an independent state.”</p>
<p>Riselia nodded gravely. “The company operates independently of the empire’s authorities, and it has extraterritoriality over float four.”</p>
<p><em>So the only recourse is infiltration, then.</em></p>
<p>A white flash flooded the restaurant from the windows. Moments later, rolling thunder sounded in the distance, and rain fell.</p>
<p>“A storm? The Holy Swordsmen’s weather forecast said it should be bright today.” Riselia frowned with disbelief as she observed the dark clouds.</p>
<p>“I suppose we’ll have to hold our afternoon training indoors,” Leonis remarked.</p>
<p><em>Bwooooooooooosh!</em></p>
<p>The wind suddenly picked up, howling…</p>
<p>“…?!”</p>
<p>…and the restaurant’s windows were blown in all at once.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>