<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 7</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:d07c17cb-a26b-429b-9c0e-4e409a424927" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter001">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a id="page-9"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter001">CHAPTER 1</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter001">THE MYSTIC-EYED GIRL</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">“Oh, Lady Selia, what are we going to do? This is horrible; just look at Sakuya—”</p>
<p>“Shhh. Just leave her be for now.”</p>
<p>“Huh…? B-but, I can’t help worrying…” Anxiety and confusion showed plainly on Regina’s face as she whispered.</p>
<p>The girls were in the common room on the Hræsvelgr dorm’s first floor. A variety of dishes covered the table: pancakes, a fresh vegetable salad, corn cream soup, ham and eggs, and yogurt with strawberry jam. Regina had prepared each selection, guaranteeing they would be delicious.</p>
<p>It was an ordinary breakfast for the eighteenth platoon, save one unusual problem.</p>
<p>“…Kuh… It hurts… My eye hurts…” Sakuya was mumbling to herself from a spot at the end of the table. She had the palm of one hand pressed over her left eye, and her brow was knit in pain. “…I…I can’t suppress it… Kuh… Calm down…”</p>
<p>A fashionable black patch covered the girl’s left eye. Although an unusual accessory, it suited Sakuya nonetheless. A pretty girl <a id="page-10"></a>like her might have looked good in anything, but that didn’t make the unusual adornment any less conspicuous.</p>
<p>“Why an eye patch, though? Do you think Sakuya’s gotten into trends?” Regina whispered into Riselia’s ear.</p>
<p>“Hmm… It must be that syndrome. You know, the one unique to fourteen-year-olds,” Riselia whispered back.</p>
<p>“Syndrome?”</p>
<p>“You know what I mean. It happened to me, too. Remember when I wrapped my arm in bandages for no reason, modified my uniform a little, and started putting on colored contact lenses?”</p>
<p>“Oh, right! You did act kind of weird!” Regina answered, recalling her mistress’s old strange behavior.</p>
<p>“I tried to come up with all sorts of cool names for my Holy Sword for when it would manifest, too.”</p>
<p>“Yeah, I kind of remember a few from that notebook I found when cleaning your room…”</p>
<p>“A-anyway! This behavior is a pretty typical phase for young teenagers. Let’s just watch over her as she works through it.”</p>
<p>“Ahhh. Understood, I suppose…”</p>
<p>Leonis listened to the exchange and cast a glance at Sakuya.</p>
<p><em>It seems she’s adapting to the mystic eye I gave her.</em></p>
<p>The girl still struggled to control it properly, but her body hadn’t rejected the eye outright, and that was a good sign. Once Sakuya fully acclimated to the mystic eye of time, it would take on her original eye color, too.</p>
<p><em>Though whether she fully masters its power depends on her natural talents…</em></p>
<p>Static crackled as a voice blared from Excalibur Academy’s PA system.</p>
<p><span class="special"><strong>“The Seventh Assault Garden is currently sailing through the waters of the Former Archipelago of Weiria.”</strong></span></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>