<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 7</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:d07c17cb-a26b-429b-9c0e-4e409a424927" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter009">
<p><a id="page-69"></a><em>You are lucky that I am a magnanimous Dark Lord who will overlook this insult.</em></p>
<p>Were she to say that to Gazoth, the Lord of Beasts, or Veira, they would have reduced her to ashes for her blasphemous remarks. By contrast, Leonis believed ignorance wasn’t a sin, if shameful.</p>
<p><em>Keep on looking down on me, if you will. But you will regret it when you come to learn of my true identity.</em></p>
<p>“Hmm. Princess, if I may…”</p>
<p>To Leonis’s surprise, someone was willing to argue with this princess—Riselia.</p>
<p>“Nn?” Chatres crossed her arms and looked down at the argent-haired girl. “Correct me if I’m wrong, but aren’t you Duke Crystalia’s daughter…?”</p>
<p>“Yes. I’m Riselia Crystalia, one of Excalibur Academy’s representatives.” Riselia’s ice-blue eyes met Chatres’s evenly.</p>
<p>“I harbor a great deal of respect for Duke Crystalia, the hero of the Third Assault Garden,” Chatres stated. “But that doesn’t mean I acknowledge you. Don’t disgrace me with a pathetic match.”</p>
<p>“Yes, Your Highness. I look forward to facing you,” Riselia replied with an uncharacteristically provocative tone.</p>
<p><em>Is she mad?</em></p>
<p>Upon closer inspection, Leonis noticed that Riselia’s silver hair glowed faintly with mana. It seemed even the usually serious and kind Riselia was capable of anger. And while Chatres wasn’t overwhelmed by Riselia’s silent indignation…</p>
<p>“Let’s go, Altiria.”</p>
<p>…she still turned on her heel and made for the exit.</p>
<p>“Ah, Chatres,” Altiria implored, trying to stop her sister. When she saw it was futile, she faced Leonis and the others. “I’m sorry if my sister offended you. Hmm, I’d be happy to meet you all again…”</p>
<p><a id="page-70"></a>“Yes, Your Highness. I’m sure we’ll see each other during the Holy Sword Dance Festival.” Riselia bowed slightly.</p>
<p>“I’m looking forward to it…” The princess’s cheeks turned very rosy. “Especially to seeing you, Leonis…”</p>
<p>She bobbed her head bashfully to the boy and scurried off after her sister.</p>
<p>“…?” Leonis cocked his head, baffled.</p>
<p>“You really are going to be a Dark Lord in the bedroom, aren’t you,” Regina remarked, a bit irked.</p>
<p>“What does that mean?” he asked.</p>
<p>“Exactly what it sounds like,” Regina retorted with a shrug, and she watched Altiria depart. There was a slightly wistful smile on her lips. Regina was strictly forbidden from revealing her true heritage. As a cursed princess born under the sign of the terrible Star of Calamity, she wasn’t permitted to exist in this world as her true self.</p>
<p>Riselia placed a sympathetic hand on Regina’s shoulder. “Come on. Let’s continue our training.”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>