<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter71">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>Two days later, Rio departed from the village once again to make his return trip to the Strahl region. He chose the square before the town hall as his departure point, with Latifa, Sara, Orphia, Alma, Ursula, Syldora, and Dominic there to see him off.</p>

      <p>“All right, everyone — I’ll be going now. I should be back in roughly two weeks,” Rio said cheerfully to the seven of them.</p>

      <p>“Take care of yourself,” Ursula replied on behalf of the head elders, supported by the nods of the other two.</p>

      <p>“We’ll clean up the house where your guests will stay,” Sara said.</p>

      <p>“And make the preparations for their welcome,” Orphia added.</p>

      <p>Alma chimed in. “I’ll take care of the daily necessities.” The three girls seemed excited to meet the humans that would be coming.</p>

      <p>“...Have a safe trip, Onii-chan,” Latifa offered quietly.</p>

      <p>“Thanks. I’ll be back soon. Don’t worry — there’s nothing to be scared of.” Rio petted Latifa’s head gently. She stepped forward and buried her face into his chest.</p>

      <p>“Hoho, it seems like she’s still at that age where she wants to be doted on,” Ursula mused, watching Latifa with a smile. Naturally, Ursula had also noticed that Latifa was acting strangely after Rio’s discussion with the elders, but she had refrained from intruding, and left the two to solve it amongst themselves. It was how the two of them had always done it, after all.</p>

      <p>“She might be worried that her precious big brother will be taken from her by these newcomers. There’s a girl the same age as her, too,” Sara giggled. The others gazed at Latifa.</p>

      <p>“...I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Latifa mumbled quietly, tightening her grip around Rio. He made a torn expression as he hugged her, patting her back gently to calm her down. Eventually, her grip loosened.</p>

      <p>“Okay. I’m going now, Latifa.” Rio slowly stepped back from Latifa and spoke kindly.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah. I’ll be waiting.” Latifa gave a small nod.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>Two weeks later, in a forest on the western outskirts of Amande...</p>

      <p>A creepy-looking man in a black robe stood in an area off the road, somewhere no regular citizens would ever pass through.</p>

      <p>His name was Reiss.</p>

      <p>Surrounding him was a swarm of creatures that had humanoid shapes. Eight had ashen-colored skin and four had skin that was dark to the point of appearing black, each groaning in eerily low tones.</p>

      <p>“Fufufu... As expected of the city home to the Ricca Guild — the adventurers working here are all of excellent quality. I’ve obtained some good material thanks to that,” Reiss said to himself proudly as he looked at the grotesque creatures.</p>

      <p>“Go, now. Form groups of three and search the forest outskirts of Amande for people that have as much essence as possible. Capture them alive and bring them here. However, make sure to avoid attacking those that have a higher essence than you. Kill as many witnesses as you need to avoid drawing unnecessary attention. I will take care of the western side, so you lot split off into the other directions to search. Your time limit is until sunset tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>The strangely-shaped creatures began to move as though they understood Reiss’s words.</p>

      <p>“Gruugh.” They formed four groups of two gray-skinned creatures to one dark-skinned leader, then set off at an unbelievably light and fast sprint.</p>

      <p>“...Now, once I reach the necessary number of material bodies with this next run, the time will be right. After this last batch, I’ll have to make sure to lie low for a while,” Reiss said with annoyance in his voice, left alone by himself once the figures of the creatures had melted away into the forest. His eyes were completely vacant.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>