<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude11">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Aki-chan, I’ll be fine. You too, Masato-kun... Kya?!”</p>

      <p>Miharu had turned around while being led away to smile at Aki and Masato, but the rope was violently yanked, making her lose her balance and nearly trip.</p>

      <p>“Miharu!” Aki shouted in a panic.</p>

      <p>“Kya?!”</p>

      <p>“Whoa!!”</p>

      <p>A sharp cracking sound echoed forth, making Aki and Masato shrink in on themselves. The source of the sound was from a whip, which the well-dressed man was controlling skilfully with his overweight body. He continued to swing the whip as a threat toward Aki and Masato.</p>

      <p>“Uhh...” Aki had shriveled up completely.</p>

      <p>“****. ** **** ***** *******.” The well-dressed man looked at Aki and Masato’s fearfulness and huffed through his nose with satisfaction, lowering his whip, then giving the men nearby an order.</p>

      <p>The armed men stirred into action, this time dragging Aki and Masato to a wagon that was different than the one Miharu had been taken to.</p>

      <p>With no other choice, Aki and Masato boarded the wagon; it had its platform exposed, and there were hordes of boys and girls around the age of ten gathered on board.</p>

      <p>“M-Miharu... What should we do, Masato? What should we do...” Aki asked Masato. She stood in the wagon and grabbed the metal lattice, extremely upset.</p>

      <p>“A-Aki, I know how you’re feeling, but it might be better to stay quiet,” Masato whispered to her, worried about their surroundings.</p>

      <p>“What are you talking about...” Aki started to object in a sullen tone when she realized the other children on the wagon were glaring at them. She promptly shut her mouth.</p>

      <p>There wasn’t an ounce of energy in their faces, but it was clear that they were admonishing Aki and Masato. Perhaps they wanted to tell them not to make a fuss and anger the guards.</p>

      <p>“Let’s just sit down quietly for now. We don’t know what they’ll do if we cause a racket,” Masato whispered in her ear, before reading the situation and sitting down in the wagon. With that, Aki had no choice but to sit down next to Masato and hang her head in gloom.</p>

      <p>Not long after that, the wagons that Miharu, Aki, and Masato were on departed. However, in no time at all, an uproar ensued. One of the guards at the side of the wagons pointed off the road and yelled something.</p>

      <p>“...What?” Aki murmured, raising her head.</p>

      <p>She nervously looked around the outside of the wagon and listened carefully. While she couldn’t understand their words, she figured some kind of disturbance had happened; at the same time, she felt a faint tinge of hope that she could use this chance to escape, despite the fact the door of the wagon was locked.</p>

      <p>At that moment, Aki saw a figure approach from the side of the road, just next to the wagon where Miharu was. The figure looked to be a boy in his mid-teens.</p>

      <p>“...Huh?”</p>

      <p>The boy was dressed in an overcoat that she imagined served as travel gear in this world, but when the boy’s face entered her field of view, Aki gasped. His hair was gray, and he had an extremely refined face, but Aki’s attention wasn’t drawn to him because of that.</p>

      <p>She had gasped because he seemed the closest to her — racially — than anyone else she had encountered in this world thus far. If she had to describe it, he looked like he was half-Asian.</p>

      <p>The aforementioned boy came up to the wagon and started to say something to the guards. She couldn’t hear what they were saying, but the men were clearly being cautious around him.</p>

      <p>Soon after that, the well-dressed man appeared to see what was going on. The boy said something, to which the well-dressed man shook his head bluntly. They seemed to be arguing about something.</p>

      <p>The gray-haired boy then briefly cast his eyes over the convoy of wagons, and the well-dressed man looked over at the wagon Aki and Masato were on. He soon looked away again, but his eyes had met with Aki’s for a second.</p>

      <p><em>Did he come here to save us?</em> Aki thought to herself hopefully, a strange uneasiness in her chest. The hope that sprouted in the midst of such a desperate situation might have only been that of pure optimism, but it was growing at an accelerating pace.</p>

      <p>Aki was staring at the boy with a yearning gaze when, suddenly, the men around them hurriedly began to lower the cover of the exposed wagons. The cover of the wagon Aki and Masato were on was also lowered.</p>

      <p><em>Why are they hiding us?</em></p>

      <p>Aki felt a strong sense of suspicion. Should she take action and seek help? What if she had misread this situation? Doing so could cause her to face dire consequences later.</p>

      <p>Would he even believe her circumstances to begin with? She didn’t know.</p>

      <p>However, this could be the turning point in their destiny — the last possible chance for them to be saved. If that was the case, she couldn’t just sit around and wait.</p>

      <p>Unable to withstand it any longer, Aki stood up with great vigor. “H-Help us!” she cried out desperately, seeking help from the boy.</p>

      <p>The boy’s gaze met Aki’s eyes, and a beat later, the cover of the wagon was lowered before Aki.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>