<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue: Latifa’s Secret Diary</h1>

      <p>Today, on a whim, I decided to start a diary.</p>

      <p>Almost two years have passed since Onii-chan left the village; I’ve studied a lot in that time, learned a lot of difficult words, and can now write sentences properly. That’s why I wanted to write down all of the fun things that have happened in the village every day, so that Onii-chan can read it, too. That way, we’ll be able to talk about everything that’s happened together.</p>

      <p>While I’m at it, I’d be super happy if Onii-chan praised me for studying so hard, too.</p>

      <p>Ehehe, just imagining it makes me happy already.</p>

      <p>And so, I’d like to start my diary right away by writing about what happened today.</p>

      <p>Today was a wonderful, clear, autumn day. It was a tiny bit chilly, possibly because winter was approaching, but being in the warm rays of sunlight felt very nice. As I was talking to Vera and Arslan, I thought about how fun it would be to go for a walk with Onii-chan on a day like this.</p>

      <p>But that aside, now that I’m writing a diary and consciously thinking about it, I realized there are so many fun and happy things happening around me.</p>

      <p>Sara, Orphia, Alma, Vera, Arslan, Uzuma, Granny Ursula, Mr. Syldora, Mr. Dominic... I’m with so many kind people every day, and I’m able to talk about so many fun things with them.</p>

      <p>Yes, I am a very lucky person — and it’s all thanks to Onii-chan.</p>

      <p>Onii-chan saved me from that pitch-black darkness. Without Onii-chan, I wouldn’t be here right now.</p>

      <p>I’m so grateful for Onii-chan, I can barely look him in the eye.</p>

      <p>But, right now, Onii-chan is on a journey outside of the village. He’s looking for his mom and dad — of this world — in a faraway place called the Yagumo region.</p>

      <p>To be honest, not having Onii-chan beside me is a little lonely, but I understand. I know exactly how precious Onii-chan’s memories of his late mother must be.</p>

      <p>I don’t have a lot of memories of my mom here, but even so, I can faintly remember being gently embraced in her arms many times. When I imagine my previous self in Onii-chan’s current place, I feel very sad.</p>

      <p>That’s why... How should I put this? I can’t really express myself well, but I think... I can understand how Onii-chan must be feeling. It’s lonely, but I must endure it.</p>

      <p>Anyway, Onii-chan and I are tied together by a miracle of fate, because my previous self has met the previous Onii-chan before, too. That’s why, no matter how far apart we are, I believe our hearts are strongly linked. Onii-chan even told me lots of stories I didn’t know about his previous self, before he left the village.</p>

      <p>In this vast world, the only one who knows about the previous Onii-chan is me... No one else. When I think of it that way, it makes me wonder if I’m actually a very special person to Onii-chan.</p>

      <p>Ehehe.</p>

      <p>However, the previous Onii-chan had family and an extremely precious person to him, so I don’t know if I’m as special as that person... It makes me wonder sometimes.</p>

      <p>Even so, I can’t let myself be discouraged! I’ll surely become someone special to him!</p>

      <p>That’s what I’ve decided... because I love him. Both the present Onii-chan, and the previous Onii-chan.</p>

      <p>That’s why I’ll become someone who can stand proudly, even if those precious people of Onii-chan’s were to appear before me, as the current Onii-chan’s little sister! Ehem!</p>

      <p>So, I was writing whatever came to mind just now, but keeping a diary might actually be pretty fun! All of those memories of Onii-chan resurfaced, and my brush kept moving steadily across the page.</p>

      <p>Ah, but now I want to see Onii-chan again. What should I do...</p>

      <p>Wait, huh...? I just read over my writing... Isn’t this more like I’m writing a love letter of my feelings for Onii-chan, rather than a diary? Now I’m going to be too embarrassed to show anyone else...</p>

      <p>No, no... Well, I didn’t intend on showing anyone in the first place... As for Onii-chan... It’ll be fine if I just read it out loud to him, right?</p>

      <p>Yeah, that’s right! I’ll write more diary-like entries starting tomorrow. Ehehe.</p>

      <p>Okay, time for the closing words.</p>

      <p>I hope Onii-chan comes back soon!</p>

      <p>— Diary, Day 1.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>