<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 8: Operating in the Shadows</h1>

      <p>Two weeks after Rio departed from the spirit folk village...</p>

      <p>Left behind in the Strahl region, Miharu and the others lived a completely peaceful life, leisurely waiting for Rio’s return. Presently, they were in the middle of a break from their language studies. Aishia and Masato were both taking a nap, while Miharu and Aki sat on the living room sofa sipping tea.</p>

      <p>“I wonder if Haruto will be back soon...?” Miharu mumbled to herself. While her words were formed as a question, she was more or less speaking to herself. Nonetheless, her mumbling still clearly reached Aki’s ears.</p>

      <p>“Miharu, you’ve been saying the same thing for a few days now,” she said with a strained laugh.</p>

      <p>For some reason, Miharu flinched. “Eh...? R-Really?” she asked in a high-pitched voice, inclining her head.</p>

      <p>Miharu wasn’t quite sure why she flinched, but now that Aki had mentioned it, she had been finding herself thinking about Haruto out of the blue these days.</p>

      <p>“...What’s wrong, Miharu?” Aki picked up on the delicate change in Miharu and watched her doubtfully.</p>

      <p>“Nothing at all. Why?” Miharu put on a calm air and met Aki’s gaze. Aki didn’t seem entirely convinced, but changed the subject anyway. “It’s nothing... But I do wonder how long we’re going to live like this, yeah?”</p>

      <p>“Umm, what do you mean by ‘like this’?” Miharu asked.</p>

      <p>“We should have been middle school and high school students, you know? Masato only just reached the sixth grade, and our new school lives were meant to start... But now Takahisa and Satsuki are both gone, and we may never meet Mom and the others ever again. I don’t really know, but the longer this life continues, the more I feel like we won’t be able to go back anymore.” Aki’s expression fell helplessly.</p>

      <p>“So you’re worried...” Miharu slowly stood up and moved next to Aki, stroking her back. Aki leaned into her to be doted upon.</p>

      <p>“...Aren’t you worried, Miharu?” she asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“I am... a little uneasy, but probably not as much as you.” Miharu shook her head with a faint smile.</p>

      <p>Aki looked up at Miharu’s face curiously. “Why?”</p>

      <p>“I have you and Masato with me, as well as Ai-chan and Haruto. I feel safe. That’s why I’m wondering if there’s anything I could do in return, because I feel sorry that you’re worried,” Miharu answered. Her smile was bittersweet this time.</p>

      <p>“...You’re strong, Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“I’m weak. If I didn’t have you and the others, I wouldn’t be alive right now.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t believe that... If anything, I should be saying that. I don’t know where I’d be right now if I didn’t have you with me.”</p>

      <p>“Hehe, thank you.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...” Aki said shyly, still seeming to be a little unsure.</p>

      <p>“Aki. Thanks to Haruto, we’ve been able to live so peacefully. I think that’s an amazing blessing, don’t you? So... how about you try to think a little more positively?” Miharu asked gently, trying to persuade Aki.</p>

      <p>“That’s... Yeah. I think so too, but...”</p>

      <p>“I guess you still want to return to Earth, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... Don’t you want to go back, Miharu?”</p>

      <p>“If I said I didn’t want to go home... that would probably be a lie, but I don’t think there’s any need to hurry. Haruto’s willing to help us out, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Haruto...” Aki murmured Haruto’s name, her expression turning gloomy. She was much better about it now, but she still couldn’t help but think of someone in the back of her mind whenever she heard the name. In particular, when it was coming from Miharu’s mouth, it sometimes left her feeling quite conflicted.</p>

      <p>“What do you think of Haruto?” Aki suddenly asked Miharu. She had noticed that Miharu’s mind had been on Haruto lately, so she was curious.</p>

      <p>“Hm? Umm... What do you mean by that?” Miharu asked in return, watching Aki’s expression with uncertainty.</p>

      <p>“Nothing, really... It’s just — even though you’re normally bad around boys, you seem to act really natural when you’re around Haruto... Being totally in sync when you’re cooking together and laughing with each other. That’s why I was just wondering... So, how do you feel about him?” Aki explained her question hesitantly, but directly, so that Miharu couldn’t avoid answering her.</p>

      <p>“H-How, I wonder? He’s reliable, and a really nice person, I think. And...” Miharu replied timidly, searching within herself with a contemplative expression.</p>

      <p>“...And?” Aki pressed.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know if it’s because his name is the same, but he kind of reminds me of Haru-kun... I guess? Maybe?”</p>

      <p>“W-What are you saying?! Miharu!” Aki’s expression changed with a gasp, her tone of voice immediately turning rougher.</p>

      <p>“...Huh? Ah! S-Sorry! That wasn’t my intention!” Miharu belatedly processed what she had said out loud and shook her head in a fluster. While she had always made sure not to mention Haruto in front of Aki, thinking about the Haruto in this world made his name unintentionally slip out of her mouth.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Miharu... Do you really still remember him? Even though you might never see him again? He probably doesn’t remember you anymore, either, so don’t confuse him with this Haruto. That would be rude,” Aki snapped. She was filled with regret as soon as she finished speaking, because <em>she</em> had been the one overlapping this Haruto and Amakawa Haruto in her thoughts.</p>

      <p>“...I’m sorry — I got too heated up about it. I’m going to go clear my head.”</p>

      <p>Aki stood up and went out the front door for some fresh air, her words filled with guilt.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p><em>I’m such a fool...</em></p>

      <p>As soon as Aki stepped through the door, she immediately crouched down outside the house in shame. She didn’t want to be inside; despite being told not to leave the house for any reason, she wanted some fresh air.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t have any right to blame Miharu...</em> Aki regretted bitterly, heaving a deep sigh. Even Miharu, who was typically of a warm disposition, might have become angry with her this time around.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe Miharu still likes him after all? Then... should I apologize for saying such terrible things? But...</em> A complicated emotion filled Aki — she wanted to apologize to Miharu and go back to the way things were, but whenever Amakawa Haruto’s name came up, she couldn’t help but recall everything about him.</p>

      <p>“Argh, enough!” Aki yelled loudly after some time had passed, her head filled with too many thoughts to process.</p>

      <p>“Uurgh...” A small groan sounded from a short distance away, but it was too soft to reach Aki’s ears. The front door of the house opened and Miharu’s hesitant figure appeared.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, you know, Aki. ...Huh? Kya!” She tried to shyly call out to Aki, but spotted two gray creatures instead. They were shaped like humans but clearly not human, and they sauntered about the forest roughly 20 meters away from the house. Miharu couldn’t hold back her scream.</p>

      <p>“W-What’s wrong, Miharu? Eek! W-What is that?!” Aki had flinched in surprise at Miharu’s scream, then followed her gaze; she recoiled in horror at the sight of the monstrous creatures.</p>

      <p>Miharu snapped out of her fear with a gasp. “A-Aki, hurry inside the house! Now!” she called out in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“B-But it’s weird... Shouldn’t there be a barrier keeping them out?” Aki observed the movements of the creatures carefully — it didn’t seem like they had noticed her.</p>

      <p>“No! Hurry and get Ai-chan, quickly,” Miharu said fretfully, when Aishia materialized right beside her.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay... I’m already here.” She had a somewhat sleepy expression and seemed to have just woken up.</p>

      <p>Miharu let out a sigh of relief. “Ah, Ai-chan...”</p>

      <p>“Aishia... W-What is that?” Aki asked her timidly.</p>

      <p>“Monsters, probably. They can’t enter the barrier, but they may be drawn to the essence of the barrier itself. I’ll take care of this quickly — you two get inside,” Aishia instructed Miharu and Aki as she vigilantly stared at the strange creatures.</p>

      <p>Understanding they would be nothing but a hindrance, Miharu quickly ran over to Aki. “O-Okay. Let’s go, Aki.”</p>

      <p>She pulled her by the hand toward the house. Once Aishia confirmed that they had left, she slowly started to walk forward.</p>

      <p>“They’re person-shaped, but don’t seem to be human...?” Seeing the strange monsters gave her an eerie feeling, making her incline her head.</p>

      <p>Their eyes were filled with madness, but other than their skin tones, they looked just like humans. That much was clear now that Aishia was closer to them... Though once she readjusted her thinking, the truth was that none of that mattered.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll find out if I defeat them... I must protect the others in this house.</em> That was the role Haruto had given her.</p>

      <p>With that in mind, Aishia held her right hand out toward the monsters. The faint light indicative of spirit arts started to flow from her hand as a sign of her refined ode manipulation.</p>

      <p>Aishia fired a shock wave bullet at the monster — the invisible attack made direct contact, and a sound reminiscent of the impact of a hammer echoed as the monster’s body was sent flying through the air. <em>Boom!</em></p>

      <p>The force was enough to turn a human’s bones to dust.</p>

      <p>Aishia adjusted her sights onto the remaining monster mercilessly.</p>

      <p>“Uuuuuargh!”</p>

      <p>Just then, another one leaped out of the forest. It was similar to the other two in terms of its humanoid shape, but its skin was darker. For some reason, the darker monster was able to easily slip through the barrier and rush straight for Miharu and Aki, who had retreated to the front door. It moved fairly quickly.</p>

      <p>“Aki, get down!”</p>

      <p>Miharu saw the black monster closing in on them and, as a last minute resort, used her own body as a shield to cover Aki, hugging her close.</p>

      <p>“Eh?!” Aki was thrown off balance at the sudden movement, unsure of what was happening, though she could immediately tell that Miharu was covering her by holding herself close. Once she noticed the black monster approaching them, she understood why Miharu had done such a thing.</p>

      <p>“M-Miharu?!” Aki couldn’t help but yell. Miharu was in danger — it was evident there was nothing they could do, but Aki struggled and squirmed anyway.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Aishia had reacted by aiming her right hand at the black monster, but she soon lowered it. The monster’s death was certain, even without her lifting a hand.</p>

      <p>There were several meters left until the black monster would reach Miharu and Aki, when a black shadow descended from the skies gracefully. Held in Miharu’s embrace, Aki was able to see the figure from behind.</p>

      <p>She immediately knew who it was.</p>

      <p>Reflected in her eyes and dressed in the armor of the Black Wyvern was Rio’s familiar figure.</p>

      <p>“Aaugh?!” The black monster seemed to be taken aback at how Rio suddenly appeared before its eyes. Its speed fell for a moment, freezing on the spot — which proved to be a fatal mistake.</p>

      <p>Rio immediately aimed for the opening the monster had created. He sprung forward with all his might and thrust the hilt of his sword with pinpoint accuracy into the solar plexus of the monster, blowing it back ten meters. A real human would have been wracked with unbearable pain and struggled for breath. If anything, the purely physical damage of the attack would have left them with ruptured organs.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>