<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter12">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Rio felt as though she had seen right through him. He guiltily averted his eyes, bit down on his lip and closed his eyes, then searched inside himself.</p>

      <p>“...If you’re waiting for me, I’ll return,” he answered slowly.</p>

      <p>“No — you have to come back,” Latifa demanded as she pouted with a sulk.</p>

      <p>“...I see. I’ll have to come back, then.”</p>

      <p>Rio forced down the shameful feelings that he had, and spoke with an apologetic, strained smile. Latifa’s expression brightened a little.</p>

      <p>“Yup. Make sure you come back earlier this time. Please?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I promised, after all. I’ll come back when I can find the time,” Rio nodded with a smile.</p>

      <p>He felt guilty because of his own reluctance; he wondered if it was really okay for him to have a place to return to when he was setting off on the path of revenge.</p>

      <p>However, his desire to return to the village was his pure, honest feelings. And with that, he would return as long as Latifa wanted him to, he decided.</p>

      <p>“...By the way, Latifa. You’ll catch a cold like that, so let’s get in the bath,” Rio suggested with a bitter smile to Latifa, who was still hanging onto him.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? Ah, okay! That’s right, ehehe.”</p>

      <p>Latifa distanced herself from Rio in a hurry, grinning bashfully.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>The next morning, Rio made his way to the village square, which was where he was to depart from.</p>

      <p>The usual faces were there to see him off, along with the village’s elders. After Rio finished saying his goodbyes to Sara and the others, the three head elders approached him last.</p>

      <p>“Lord Rio, take this with you,” Ursula said, handing Rio a sparkling, jade-colored spirit stone the size of a fist.</p>

      <p>“...Is this spirit stone some kind of magical artifact? Is there some kind of formula sealed in it?” Rio asked, his gaze absorbed by the spirit stone in his hand.</p>

      <p>A spirit stone could be used as a magic artifact by having a spell formula sealed within, but it would just look like a spirit stone to those who didn’t have the eye to see essence. The formula within was being reflected in Rio’s eyes.</p>

      <p>“This is a teleport crystal — an artifact filled with sorcery that moves the user to a predetermined destination. The activation chant to use it is <em>Transilio</em>. I’ve already put the coordinates in, so you can return to the village easily with this. But it’s a one way method of travel, so you won’t be able to return to your starting position,” Ursula explained; the sorcery activation, however, required more than just chanting the keyword in order to prevent an accident from occurring.</p>

      <p>“An item like this... Did you recently make it just for me?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. There used to be several of them in the village in the past, but they became unnecessary over our long history. The spirit stones had their formulas removed and were repurposed as other magic artifacts. After all, no one ever leaves the village. But, since you leave the village rather frequently, we figured it would be more convenient for you to have.”</p>

      <p>“But the spirit stone is such a high quality. It’s sizable, too. Isn’t it a valuable item?” Rio questioned at Ursula’s generous words.</p>

      <p>While a spirit stone could be turned into an artifact with sorcery, it also had a wide range of other uses, such as being a pure energy source for other artifacts, or for storing magic essence to use in case of emergencies. The essence capacity that could be stored varied depending on the quality of the stone, and the color of the stone changed based on the amount of essence stored. Among them, stones that could turn emerald green were said to be of high quality — proof it could store a vast amount of essence.</p>

      <p>Logically, the bigger the stone, the more essence could be stored. However, because of the difference in stone quality, that reasoning could differ, too.</p>

      <p>“It’s nothing; we’ve been making spirit stones for years and years now, so we have plenty of good stones in stock. There’s no need for you to worry.” Ursula shook her head with a smile.</p>

      <p>“But even so, I’ve received so many items already... I couldn’t possibly accept any more than what I have. I’ve just returned and had a house built for me, and there was the equipment set and the Time-Space Cache from last time. I’ve received so many other good quality spirit stones, too.” Rio’s expression clouded apologetically.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it. Like we said last time, you are our sworn friend. It would be a dishonor to us spirit folk for our sworn friend to depart on a journey empty-handed, so just accept it. Well... it was Syldora and Ursula who made it, actually.” Dominic laughed merrily, looking over at the two of them.</p>

      <p>“We simply used a spare spirit stone — the only thing it took was time. Space sorcery has complicated formulas, so it took some effort to get the coordinates right, but it was no big deal.” Syldora shook his head, smiling in faint embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Hohoho, Latifa was lonely while Lord Rio was in Yagumo. Hopefully this will help you return faster this time. We’ll need to discuss further, but it may be a good idea to use that to bring Latifa and Lord Rio’s cousin together for a meeting someday.” Ursula opened her mouth to deal the finishing blow.</p>

      <p>“...Thank you very much, truly. For all the things you’ve done for me.” Rio bowed his head deeply.</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s that. Those girls over there would be happier to have you around, kid. Come back a bit more often.” Dominic looked over to Sara, Orphia, and Alma with a grin.</p>

      <p>“Head Elder!”</p>

      <p>“Grandfather!”</p>

      <p>Sara and Alma blushed furiously and yelled in shock. Meanwhile, Orphia was avoiding digging her own grave by smiling cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Ooh, scary, scary.” Dominic shuddered exaggeratedly and quickly made his exit.</p>

      <p>Then, Latifa approached Rio with springy footsteps.</p>

      <p>“Have a good trip, Onii-chan,” she said, hugging Rio.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ll be back soon.” Rio smiled gently and petted Latifa’s head.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>