<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: To You, My Precious Person</h1>

      <p>One day, roughly two months after Rio and the others arrived at the spirit folk village... In the Kingdom of Beltrum — the capital of Beltrant — a young woman who looked to be in her mid teens was in the garden of the royal castle. Her name was Celia Claire: she was a count’s daughter and the youngest person to graduate from the renowned Royal Academy of Beltrum.</p>

      <p>Celia’s long silver hair swayed in the wind as she sadly gazed at a single letter in her hands. The name Haruto was printed as the sender.</p>

      <p>Celia knew the name; she had received a letter from a certain boy using that name once before, so she was convinced that that same boy was the one who wrote this letter, too.</p>

      <p>The contents of the letter were straightforward and written in a familiar handwriting, stating that he would be late, but would definitely come to see her again.</p>

      <p>“Hello, Celia... So you were here this whole time.” A man in his mid-thirties appeared, putting on airs as he spoke to Celia. The man wore elegant knight’s clothing with several medals pinned to his chest.</p>

      <p>Celia hid the letter immediately and addressed the man — Charles Arbor — stiffly. “Sir Charles...”</p>

      <p>Charles grinned at Celia smugly. “There’s no need to be so formal. We’ll be wedded next week, no? How about you call me ‘darling’ instead?”</p>

      <p>“No, umm... That’s a little... It’s still a little embarrassing for me...” Celia ducked her head down and shyly bit her lip.</p>

      <p>Charles laughed. “I do like your sense of chastity; it is lovely indeed. You even refuse to hold the hand of your fiance. I look forward to seeing how you change after our wedding.”</p>

      <p>Goosebumps ran along Celia’s skin as she kept her head down, feigning embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Sir Charles, do you have a moment?” A knight suddenly appeared out of nowhere, calling for Charles.</p>

      <p>“My, my... Just when I came to greet my adorable fiancee, work comes calling. In these times where the kingdom is in disarray, the busy duties of a large noble family never seem to cease,” Charles said, giving an exaggerated shrug of his shoulders as he expressed his disappointment.</p>

      <p>“Everyone feels anxious without you around, Sir Charles. Please pay me no concern and go to them.” Celia gave an empty smile, trying to encourage Charles to go.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I shall do that. I’ll come to visit you again soon, my dear.” Charles nodded in satisfaction, then turned on his heel and walked away with his subordinate.</p>

      <p>Celia watched his retreating back and let out a deep sigh, then took the letter she had hidden away earlier back out and clutched it to her chest.</p>

      <p>“Rio...” she whispered yearningly, on the verge of tears.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>