<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Interlude: Summoning A Hero?! Sakata Hiroaki On The Scene!</h1>

      <p>Meanwhile, just before Miharu and the others found themselves in another world...</p>

      <p>His name was Sakata Hiroaki; he was a 19-year-old Japanese young man with an average appearance. While he was in a highly-ranked group at his prep school, he failed his university entrance examinations and became even more of a shut-in, then immersed himself in all sorts of indoor hobbies instead — just like any normal young man would.</p>

      <p>On one fine spring day, Hiroaki was lying on his bed in his parents’ house and playing with his PC tablet. He idly visited his favorite websites, watched videos, read novels, played games, and posted on forums to his heart’s content, making the most of his fun and fulfilling life as a shut-in.</p>

      <p>It was then that Hiroaki’s world changed completely.</p>

      <p>Dressed in his sweats, he had been lying down with his tablet held above him, when suddenly, he felt like he was falling.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!” Hiroaki shouted in surprise. However, he hadn’t actually fallen anywhere, and was still lying on his back. The tablet in his hand hadn’t fallen, either, but the sensation against his back was strangely rugged and hard. And that wasn’t all —</p>

      <p>For some reason, the background behind his tablet was no longer his ceiling, but a vast, clear blue sky. Hiroaki reflexively arched his neck and looked around.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh? What’s going on?!”</p>

      <p>Gathered right next to him were foreign-looking knights and soldiers armed with swords, spears and armor that looked they were taken straight from an outdated fantasy setting.</p>

      <p>“Eh?!” Hiroaki sprung up, startled. While he was dressed quite foolishly, he was nothing if not utterly serious right now.</p>

      <p>Ogling at his surroundings, a completely unfamiliar scenery stood before him. It seemed as though he was in the garden of an elegant mansion; the ground was covered in paved stone tiles, while the garden around him was filled with nature. A castle-like structure towered a little further in the distance, imposing enough to be called a palace.</p>

      <p>The armed knights and soldiers, unfitting for the quiet and tranquil atmosphere of the garden, warily surrounded Hiroaki with a certain degree of awe.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, hey... what the hell is this?!</em> Hiroaki stood up in a panic and checked his own situation. He felt faintly more relieved to see his tablet in his left hand and his well-worn sweats on his body. However, he noticed that at some point, he had begun to clutch a European-style longsword in his grasp. It filled him with surprise and a sense of excitement.</p>

      <p><em>A s-sword...? That’s a cool design... It tingles my childish heart.</em></p>

      <p>But when he looked at the armed people around him, he felt a sense of wariness.</p>

      <p>Once he had calmed down, he found the combination of the sword with his sweats to be unbearably lame, and he began to feel embarrassed too. Hiroaki tightened his grip on the sword in his hands and braced his tablet as if it were a shield.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Umm, can you understand me? Who are all of you?” he asked, forcing down his sense of embarrassment.</p>

      <p>A stillness fell over them... Or so Hiroaki had thought. After a moment, someone appeared from between the crowd of knights and soldiers — a cute, lavender-haired girl in her mid-teens, wearing an elegant fluttering dress.</p>

      <p><em>Damn, that’s some high quality... It’s like some beautiful girl stepped straight out of a television. Is she a princess?</em> Hiroaki thought in a daze, captivated.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the lavender-haired girl took a look at Hiroaki’s appearance. Her eyes widened. After a pause, the middle-aged man next to the girl murmured something to her. Immediately after, the girl started walking toward Hiroaki with determination. The man followed, as well as two other young-looking knights. Hiroaki braced himself warily.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, my name is Flora. Flora Beltrum. I’m the second princess of the Kingdom of Beltrum. May I ask if you might possibly be... the hero?” she questioned nervously, having stopped at an appropriate distance from Hiroaki. For some reason, he was able to understand her words.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki inspected the self-proclaimed princess and cocked his head in suspicion. “Hero...? Me?”</p>

      <p>It was fishy, but it somehow matched the current situation perfectly. In fact, it was extremely similar to the prologue of the world-jumping fantasy novel he had read most recently.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>