<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello everyone, this is Yuri Kitayama. Thank you for picking up <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles, volume 17, Saint’s Gospel</em>.</p>

      <p>So, we’ve finally reached volume 17. Normally, sales of earlier volumes tend to drop when a series comes this far, but the first wave of <em>Spirit Chronicles</em> continues to rise. It’s all thanks to you!</p>

      <p>Thanks to your support, the third drama CD “Script with a Side of Heroine Ranking” has been included in the special edition of volume 17. To those of you who bought it, please enjoy the comical interaction between Rio and the heroines!</p>

      <p>Next, and this has already been announced elsewhere, but two new pieces of <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles</em> merchandise will be going on sale! There’s a body pillow cover of Professor Celia and Professor Celia’s perfume!</p>

      <p>Body pillow aside, apparently it’s really rare to have perfume produced. I never thought I’d have a part in making perfume in my life, so it was a valuable experience. The body pillow cover of Professor Celia is so adorable, I just want to hug her tightly (there’s a version with her regular clothes in disarray, and a version in a swimsuit), and the perfume has a great scent as well. Please consider buying them if you’re interested!</p>

      <p>The details of the body pillow and perfume have already been released, which you can find on the official sites for HJ Bunko and Melon Books, as well as my Twitter account (by the time this volume is released, preorders should be open).</p>

      <p>Finally, I’d like to say a little something about the main story as well. Rio, Aria, and Aishia are teaming up for volume 18. The story is finally moving on to the next stage.</p>

      <p>I’ll be able to talk about more details in the upcoming volumes regarding the saint’s surprising resilience and other things, so look forward to that alongside the story! (I’m so glad they got out of Yagumo in volume 7...!)</p>

      <p><em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles, volume 18, Beast of the Land</em> will be on sale this winter!</p>

      <p>Let’s meet again in volume 18!</p>

      <p class="signature">Yuri Kitayama</p>

      <p class="signature">July 2020</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>