<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Reunion at the Village</h1>

      <p>Roughly three weeks later, Sara and the others returned to Strahl from the spirit folk village. Sara’s contract spirit, Hel, snuck into the mansion in spirit form and informed everyone of their return. Rio slipped out of the mansion that night to make his way to the stone house where Sara and the others were staying at the outskirts of the capital.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for dropping by so late,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“Not at all. Please, come in,” said Sara, and Rio entered.</p>

      <p>Invited by Sara, Rio went through the front door.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Rio.”</p>

      <p>“Good evening.”</p>

      <p>Orphia and Alma were also there to greet him.</p>

      <p>“I’m glad to see the three of you are well. Has anything new happened?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. We’ve gotten permission to bring Celia to the village. The teleport crystal has been recharged with magic essence, so it’s ready to go whenever.”</p>

      <p>“I understand. We’ll probably leave within the next few days, then.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. But there was something else... I’m not sure whether it can be classified as a problem, but there are people who want to meet you once we return to the village,” Sara said to Rio in a rather hesitant tone.</p>

      <p>“Meet me? I don’t mind... But may I ask who it is?” Rio cocked his head in question.</p>

      <p>“About that... We were asked not to say anything so that the explanation can be given directly. Could you wait until we return to the village to hear the details?” Sara scratched her cheek, unsure of how to explain things.</p>

      <p>“All right. That’s fine too.” He couldn’t really understand the situation, but if Sara was the one saying this, then there must be a reason. Rio wasn’t the type of person to pry. He nodded easily and decided to wait until they reached the village.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Several days later, it was time for Rio and the others to depart for the spirit folk village. Standing at the front door of Rio’s estate were Satsuki and Charlotte, who had come to see them off. Francois had given his farewells in advance, while Rio and Celia had visited Christina and Flora to inform them of their absence. Liselotte had also said her goodbyes, so none of them were present to see them off right now.</p>

      <p>“I can’t believe you’ll be gone for another two months... I’ll be lonely.” Charlotte puffed up her cheeks in a sulking manner, looking up at Rio from a close distance. Any growing boy unaccustomed to girls would’ve been blown away on the spot.</p>

      <p>“I plan on staying in the mansion for a while next time I return.” Rio averted his eyes awkwardly. Latifa’s eyes glinted beside him.</p>

      <p>“Princess Charlotte, that’s a little too close.”</p>

      <p>“We’re about to be separated, so I’m being close on purpose.” Charlotte moved forward even more, closing the gap between her and Rio until there was nothing left. She leaned her upper body against Rio’s chest.</p>

      <p>“Onii-chan!” Latifa’s voice was nearly a scream. The only reason why she didn’t tear Charlotte away at a moment’s notice was because she was aware the other person involved was, indeed, a princess. Miharu and Celia were similarly aware of this, but their personalities prevented them from doing anything but watch on nervously.</p>

      <p>“Princess Charlotte, your jesting has gone a little too far.” Rio placed his hands on Charlotte’s shoulders and slowly tried to place distance between them. However—</p>

      <p>“I’m not joking, though...”</p>

      <p>Charlotte immediately took Rio’s right hand in a graceful movement and quietly brought it to her cheek. She then proceeded to touch his fingers with her lips.</p>

      <p>“Oops, I’ve kissed you.” There was a faint blush on her cheeks. She added some comments about how it was her first time and how she wouldn’t do such a thing as a joke.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>