<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Preparing for Departure</h1>

      <p>Shortly before Rio began living in the Galarc Castle mansion...</p>

      <p>At the farthest border of the Strahl region, a small nation was born. To any other kingdom, the existence of this nation would be seen as heresy.</p>

      <p>It was called the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica. There was, of course, a reason why the Erica Nation (as it was called by its people) was seen as heresy: it was missing the one feature that every other nation in the Strahl region had in common, which was the presence of a king or emperor; an absolute ruler. There was no privileged class like nobility either.</p>

      <p>This nation existed for the sake of its people. The nation didn’t function for its ruler or nobility, but for the sake of the citizens living there. People were born free and equal. That was the ideology behind the citizens who overthrew the royal rule.</p>

      <p>Because of this, the citizens of this nation faced no social discrimination. There were no royals and nobles to discriminate against the citizens. The country moved by the hands of the people, for the sake of the people. In order to adhere to that way of life, the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica held an election to form a congress of representatives, creating a democracy where political decisions were made indirectly.</p>

      <p>However, there needed to be something that could act as a symbol representing the nation. After its formation, Saint Erica was chosen by the first elected congress as the first head of state for leading the people in the founding moment of the nation. The nation itself was also named out of reverence for Saint Erica.</p>

      <p>In the capital of Ericaburg, where the former royal capital once stood, the land was completely destroyed, as the liberators led by Saint Erica had invaded the capital to rally a revolution. The castle that protected the former king was now nothing but rubble, and the buildings in parts of the capital had been destroyed by the revolutionary army along the way.</p>

      <p>However, despite this, the population living in the capital of Ericaburg was in high spirits. And it was all thanks to the absence of the royalty and nobility that had suppressed them with heavy taxes for so long.</p>

      <p>Saint Erica had explained it was necessary to collect taxes for the nation, but she also declared that all the taxes would be used for the sake of the people. To back up that declaration, she took the fortune the royalty and nobility had hoarded and freely gave it out to the people in support of restoring the city.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, because Erica was a beautiful woman in her mid-twenties, she was extremely popular amongst the people. The citizens worshipped her and worked diligently to restore the city.</p>

      <p>Currently, Saint Erica herself was currently seated in the office of the building being used as the temporary official residence.</p>

      <p>“Lady Erica, would you please reconsider things once more?”</p>

      <p>Before her was a man pleading at her with a frown. His name was Andrei; he was a young man in his twenties, with a face that was serious and intelligent.</p>

      <p>“No, Andrei. I’ve already decided.” Erica’s black hair fluttered as she shook her head slowly, a grin on her face.</p>

      <p>“We will be extremely troubled if our head of state leaves so soon after the foundation of the country. You suddenly said you wanted to leave on a journey...” Andrei looked at Erica with an imploring gaze.</p>

      <p>“This nation is my home, of course, and I still consider the people of this nation subjects of salvation. However, there are people in other countries being oppressed and stripped of their human rights. I have a duty to save those people just as much. There’s only one of me, so I’m afraid I have to act in order of precedence...” Erica said, sighing sadly.</p>

      <p>“Lady Erica...” Andrei looked at Erica worriedly, but he also seemed greatly impressed, as his eyes were filled with reverence.</p>

      <p>“Say, Andrei. The fact you’re worried is just proof of how much you’re relying on me, right? I’m very happy you think of me so highly.” Erica smiled at him gently.</p>

      <p>“M-My Lady! I am undeserving of such words!” Andrei blushed faintly, shaking his head in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“You’ve cooperated with me ever since I began my attempt to found this nation. I value you quite a bit. You’re an extremely dependable person. I’m able to leave on my journey because I know you’ll be here in this country. If it weren’t for you, I’d feel too uneasy about leaving.”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s... I am undeserving.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not true. That’s why the congress and I appointed you as prime minister, in order to assist the head of state. In my absence, the prime minister will be the acting head.”</p>

      <p>Andrei was originally the owner of a trading company, but was deeply impressed by Erica’s teachings of equality and provided support from the start of the revolution. Now that they had formed a new nation, he assumed the position of prime minister of the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica, the second in command to Erica.</p>

      <p>“I cannot act as your replacement, Lady Erica...”</p>

      <p>“Andrei, leading others is surprisingly easy,” Erica said gracefully to the doubtful man.</p>

      <p>“That cannot be. Who could lead the people other than you? You, who thinks of the people above everything else...”</p>

      <p>“I merely think of the people equally.”</p>

      <p>“That’s exactly why. That’s what makes you a saint. You should be the one to guide the way. Everyone believed that when they chose you as leader.”</p>

      <p>“While I do wish to respond to those feelings of yours, I...”</p>

      <p>“...Your own feelings won’t change. I understand. Then please use the griffins to go on your trip. And take some people for protection.” Andrei hung his head in resignation.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Andrei.”</p>

      <p>“Please don’t apologize.”</p>

      <p>“I shall bring back a souvenir from my journey for you as an apology... That’s right, was it the Ricca Guild that you mentioned when we first met? A product of theirs might be nice. You said you wanted to stock some of their products in your shop, right?”</p>

      <p>“You remember something like that...?”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much... But I’ve already retired from being a merchant.” Andrei thanked her happily, but at the same time looked a bit saddened.</p>

      <p>“But it was your dream, no? To make a deal with a world-famous merchant guild.”</p>

      <p>“Well, yes...”</p>

      <p>“Besides, deals aren’t limited to merchants. It’s possible for the country to make a trade deal as well.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, I can’t believe I missed such a thing.”</p>

      <p>“And if the merchant guild is famous to that degree, it’d be most desirable to have them support our nation. I may try to meet their representative on my journey.”</p>

      <p>“It’d be extremely reassuring to have them side with your teachings... But I’ve heard the president of the Ricca Guild is a noble daughter from a prominent Galarc family.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t plan on making an enemy of every noble and kingdom. We are pacifists, after all. Let’s pray that the noble daughter representing the Ricca Guild agrees with our ideals,” Erica said to Andrei with the benevolent smile of a saint.</p>

      <p>These were the events that happened several days before Erica left the country.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, some time had passed since Rio started living in the Galarc Castle. Hiroaki often hung out with Rei and Kouta these days. Along with Roanna, the four of them gathered in Hiroaki’s room.</p>

      <p>Recently, Hiroaki got into writing new stories. He took elements from fictional novels that thrived in Japan and tried to create a hit piece targeted to this world. Rei gave his thoughts from the view of a novel enthusiast, Roanna gave her advice as a noble of this world, and Kouta gave his opinion here and there. The plot Hiroaki wrote in Japanese was translated into the language of this world and entrusted to Roanna to be shared.</p>

      <p>“This plot is the best, Hiroaki,” Rei said with excitement, having finished reading the newest story they had carefully refined.</p>

      <p>“Right? I’m satisfied with this one.”</p>

      <p>“Having two heroines was the correct choice. The face of this series is the unaging girl Cecillie, but Misally who opposes her is super cute as well. Any normal human would feel uneasy about aging, but the heroine’s charms are drawn out well. I can get behind this.”</p>

      <p>“It’s the contrast between an unaging little girl and a regular little girl—that’s the main theme of this work. A regular little girl or an unaging girl, which is more attractive? That’s the question for the readers. If Misally’s charm as a heroine seems magnified by being the underdog, then that’s exactly what I planned,” Hiroaki said, self-satisfied, his nose held high with confidence.</p>

      <p>“But if it isn’t written well, Cecillie will be swallowed up by Misally, yeah?”</p>

      <p>“That’s where my skills come into play. I’m counting on your editing skills as well.”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me. I can’t wait to read the first draft. The plot is completed with this, right?”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki waved a hand to calm Rei’s impatience. “Now, let’s not get ahead of ourselves. It wouldn’t be a problem to call this completed, but I have to get Kouta’s and Roanna’s opinions first. What do you two think?” In order to seek the thoughts of the two who had worked together with him until now, he looked at Kouta and Roanna with a pleased expression.</p>

      <p>“I think it’s very interesting. However, I have a question rather than an opinion—do immortality elixirs exist in this world, Roanna?” Kouta asked.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know if they exist, but research to create such elixirs has been conducted numerous times.”</p>

      <p>“I see. So the people in this world are interested in such things too. By the way, is there a reason why the main character’s name is Koumei? I believe it’s the name of a famous tactician that appears in the Three Kingdoms, but...”</p>

      <p>“Of course, it’s because I like Koumei,” Hiroaki answered immediately.</p>

      <p>“I-I see...”</p>

      <p>“What? You have a problem with that, Kouta?” Rei asked.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s just that the name doesn’t exist in this world, so I was wondering what they would think of that... Since you’re translating the story into this world’s language, it’d be weird to write the name in Japanese.” Kouta raised a rather logical point.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I suppose a Japanese name would be odd, since it’d never be explained. But the main character’s name will be Koumei. I insist on using Koumei as the main character’s name in all my works. Anyway, the main character is a hero summoned from another world. It’d be weird for him to have a local name.”</p>

      <p>“I see. That’s true... You have a point,” Kouta hummed, impressed.</p>

      <p>“I know.” Hiroaki nodded smugly.</p>

      <p>“Then the plot is complete like this. All that’s left is to write the manuscript, Hiroaki,” Rei said excitedly.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. If I was being greedy, I would’ve liked to have a cute illustration of the heroines as character material. It’d help solidify my image of the heroines too. Having illustrations would also make it seem more like a light novel when it goes on sale, and it’d be an easy form of appeal to the readers.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, don’t worry about that. Kouta can draw the illustrations,” Rei said.</p>

      <p>“What?! Really?!” Hiroaki raised his voice in interest. Roanna’s eyes also widened.</p>

      <p>“His mom was an art teacher. He’s been learning to draw since he was a kid, and he can draw whatever you want. He can draw cute girls too.”</p>

      <p>“Hey now, if you had that kind of talent, you should have said so earlier.” Hiroaki grinned in delight.</p>

      <p>“It isn’t that impressive,” Kouta replied weakly.</p>

      <p>“Say, Kouta. You remember that cute illustration I asked you to draw for me before we came to this world? Draw that again.”</p>

      <p>“All right, fine... It’s hard to draw with this pen and paper, so don’t expect it to be the same quality.” At Rei’s request, Kouta took the quill pen and paper in hand. With extremely practiced movements, he swiftly moved the pen across the paper.</p>

      <p>Everyone watched Kouta’s work curiously.</p>

      <p>“Wow, how are you so fast at drawing?” Hiroaki asked in wonder.</p>

      <p>“It’s because I’ve made a copy of the original once before. There’s no need for me to think of the pose and composition again, and my hand remembers the lines. Though the tools make it harder to draw,” Kouta replied while moving his hand.</p>

      <p>“Is that how it works...?” Hiroaki looked doubtful. <em>Does this guy actually have a lot of artistic talent? </em>he wondered to himself.</p>

      <p>Several minutes later, Kouta’s hand stopped. “It’s a rough sketch, but it’s done.”</p>

      <p>“Seriously? It’s Hiyori! And the quality is amazing, man.” Hiroaki’s eyes sparkled as he looked down at the completed illustration. It was an anime character that he knew well.</p>

      <p>“As expected of a man of culture, Hiroaki.”</p>

      <p>“I was a fan of her voice actor. She has such a nice voice.”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, really? I completely agree. I have all her albums and concert Blu-rays, and I’ve joined her official fan club.”</p>

      <p>“What? You should have said that earlier! I’m in the fan club too.”</p>

      <p>“Well, we’ve only been talking about the plot lately.”</p>

      <p>“That’s true...” Hiroaki looked down at the illustration again. “Hiyori’s so nice...” he murmured.</p>

      <p>“She is indeed,” Rei echoed enthusiastically.</p>

      <p>“What are the two of them talking about?” Roanna asked.</p>

      <p>“I’m not sure myself, and I don’t think we need to know...” Kouta said.</p>

      <p>“It’s decided. The illustrator for my work will be you, Kouta,” Hiroaki said, pointing at him.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind drawing the illustrations, but how long will it take to produce a novel?”</p>

      <p>“It’ll have to be handwritten, so I won’t know until I’ve written it, but one volume’s worth of text should take at least one month to write.”</p>

      <p>“What do you need for the illustrations?”</p>

      <p>“The character designs for the main character and heroines, and some inserts for a selection of scenes would be nice.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, the illustrations might take the same amount of time. Even if I worked alongside you, the fastest I could get a volume done would be one and a half to two months.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that sounds fair. Come to think of it, what kind of plans did you guys have for the future?” Hiroaki asked, suddenly curious.</p>

      <p>“Technically, we’re here on a temporary trip...”</p>

      <p>“Who knows? I believe we’re returning when Princess Christina and Duke Huguenot leave the country, but...”</p>

      <p>Kouta and Rei exchanged a look.</p>

      <p>“I believe that is the correct assumption to have for now,” Roanna confirmed, having been in touch with Christina.</p>

      <p>“I see... What kind of positions do you guys have in the Restoration, anyway?”</p>

      <p>“I’m a baronet, and Kouta’s considered a guest. We’re attending the academy in Rodania out of Princess Christina’s kindness, learning about how to live in this world from now on.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, so you’re both students. But why did Rei get a baronet title while Kouta didn’t get one? Though it’s a bit late to be asking that...” Hiroaki looked at Kouta.</p>

      <p>“Unlike Rei, I’m only staying in the Restoration temporarily.”</p>

      <p>“Temporarily? You’re not joining?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t intend to, no. Princess Christina did say I could do the same as Rei and receive a title if I joined, but...”</p>

      <p>“Was there something else you wanted to do?”</p>

      <p>“I actually wanted to try traveling as an adventurer,” Kouta answered shyly, scratching at his cheek.</p>

      <p>“An adventurer? Whatever for?”</p>

      <p>“I mean... I guess it’s because I want to grow up and become a real man...”</p>

      <p>“Become a real man? Aha... I see. You’re a virgin, aren’t you? And you were made fun of for it, right?” Hiroaki sounded puzzled for a moment, but he immediately sensed something and pointed it out to Kouta.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Why?! H-H-H-How did you...?!” Kouta’s voice cracked in a panic. Beside him, Roanna blushed awkwardly, while Rei burst out laughing.</p>

      <p>“Heh. Boys of our age only say, ‘I want to grow up! Hmph!’ when their ideals have been twisted by being a virgin. You were rejected by the girl you liked, weren’t you?” Hiroaki guessed, grinning.</p>

      <p>“Wow, bull’s-eye. As expected of Hiroaki.”</p>

      <p>“I knew it.”</p>

      <p>Rei and Hiroaki were highly amused.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s wrong with that?!” Kouta snapped back, blushing.</p>

      <p>“Ah, there’s nothing wrong with it. Wanting to go on a journey because you were rejected by a woman is good character development. I like those kinds of unpopular guys.”</p>

      <p>“Guh... I-I’m sure it’s easy for you to say that when you have Roanna.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You fool! H-High-ranked noblewomen like Roanna don’t engage in premarital relations!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? R-Really?”</p>

      <p>Kouta looked shocked. He looked between Hiroaki and Roanna nervously. “Th-Then that means...”</p>

      <p>“...” Roanna flushed, but remained silent.</p>

      <p>“B-Bastard, that’s sexual harassment! Don’t say such things in front of Roanna!”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki showed a surprisingly innocent reaction. It seemed like he didn’t want Roanna to hear what they were talking about.</p>

      <p>“W-Well, it’s your fault you started talking about virgins. Talking about virginity in front of a girl is sexual harassment in itself!” Kouta rebutted.</p>

      <p>“It’s your fault for being a virgin!” Hiroaki declared.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, Kouta’s a little sensitive about being a virgin,” Rei said, taking Hiroaki’s side.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...” Kouta was unable to argue back after that.</p>

      <p>“Tch... Hey, Kouta. Instead of journeying as an adventurer, get a girlfriend and graduate from being a virgin first,” Hiroaki advised, sighing tiredly.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Why do I have to do that?”</p>

      <p>“Because you’re a virgin.”</p>

      <p>“S-Stop saying the word ‘virgin’ so many times... At least give me a reason.” Kouta frowned, sulking slightly.</p>

      <p>“Let me say this bluntly: you’re still in love with that girl, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p>Having had his mark hit once again, Kouta blushed bright red. There was no need to confirm it with words.</p>

      <p>“Your face is asking why I know, huh? The reason why you want to grow up is because you’re still attached to that girl who rejected you. You want to show her how you’ve grown,” Hiroaki continued, speaking the truth.</p>

      <p>“Guh... Why do you sound so confident in your words? Hiroaki, you almost sound like...”</p>

      <p><em>Like you’re a virgin as well</em>—Kouta thought, looking at Hiroaki as he swallowed those words.</p>

      <p>“Dumbass. Whatever. At any rate, you and Rei are my assistants now.” Hiroaki chuckled with a strangely calm smile.</p>

      <p>“You just can’t decide that out of the blue...” Kouta said reluctantly.</p>

      <p>“That’s fine, right, Rei?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I don’t mind,” Rei agreed easily.</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided. The two of you are my assistants from today.”</p>

      <p>“No, wait a minute.”</p>

      <p>“What’s the problem? You’ll be working on the novel for the time being anyway. You can leave for your journey afterwards. Until you do, you can be my assistant. For now, be my exclusive illustrator,” Hiroaki decided rather forcefully. “Hey, Roanna. Prepare a position for these two. They’re becoming my assistants. At least raise Rei’s social rank,” he added before Kouta could protest.</p>

      <p>“...I understand.” Roanna hesitated out of consideration for Kouta, but reluctantly nodded her head.</p>

      <p>“Say, Rei. Are there any nice women this guy could be matched with?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... There’s this one girl called Mikaela Belmond. She’s on good terms with my fiancée and we often sit together during lectures.”</p>

      <p>“Huh. Do you know her, Roanna?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve never met her personally, but I believe she’s the daughter of Baron Belmond.”</p>

      <p>“I see. A baron’s daughter, huh? Did those two come to this castle with you?” Hiroaki asked Rei.</p>

      <p>“No, they’re both in Rodania.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. Call her here with your fiancée.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Is it really that easy to call her here?”</p>

      <p>Enchanted airships were a transport option, but they were normally used by high-ranked nobles and military alone. It wasn’t easy for a baron’s daughter to use them to travel. Moving an airship also required the permission of a noble or royal with a fairly high rank.</p>

      <p>“It’ll just be a few hours by airship, right? By becoming my assistants, you’re becoming my subordinates. As your superior, I want to meet who you’re marrying. Please make those arrangements as well, Roanna.”</p>

      <p>“As you wish.”</p>

      <p>It was a different matter when the hero was giving the orders. Roanna didn’t show any particular objections either as she nodded.</p>

      <p>“Thanks,” Hiroaki said in satisfaction. “Now. Let’s hear more about how you were rejected, eh?”</p>

      <p>The conversation moved on to the story of how Kouta had his heart broken.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>One night, half a month after Rio began teaching his combat classes, Rio, Miharu, Celia, Latifa, Aishia, Sara, Orphia, Alma, and a visiting Satsuki gathered in the dining hall of the mansion. They had all finished eating and were enjoying post-dinner tea.</p>

      <p>Rio looked around at everyone and started speaking somewhat formally. “I have something serious I’d like to discuss today, if that’s all right. It mostly concerns Satsuki, Sara’s group, and Celia and Miharu.”</p>

      <p>Everyone exchanged puzzled glances with each other.</p>

      <p>“Sure... What is it?” Satsuki asked on behalf of the group.</p>

      <p>“I wanted to have a proper discussion about the future.”</p>

      <p>“The future...?”</p>

      <p>“What I want to do might not be aligned with what you all want to do, so I want to hear everyone’s thoughts. There’s also some information I wanted to pass on,” Rio explained, casually glancing over at Sara and Latifa.</p>

      <p>“I see. How considerate—though typical of you, I suppose.” Satsuki chuckled, finding the way Rio didn’t decide things for everyone without asking first to be a positive aspect of his personality.</p>

      <p>“First, I believe I’ve mentioned this before, but I’m thinking of leaving in another three or four weeks. It’ll be another two months or so before I return again,” Rio said, revealing the first order of business.</p>

      <p>“Can I ask where you’ll be going...?” Satsuki asked slowly, watching Rio’s expression.</p>

      <p>“Of course. The first stop will be the village where Sara and the others are from. After that, I’ll be heading to my parents’ hometown.”</p>

      <p>“Their hometown? That’s in...”</p>

      <p>“The Yagumo region.”</p>

      <p>“Right. Isn’t that really far? It’s past the vast wasteland east of the Strahl region. I heard it’s really dangerous...” Satsuki looked at Rio as though to question how he’d get there.</p>

      <p>“Traveling by foot would take years, but it can be reached in less than a month through the air. However, even then, it’s a dangerous trip...”</p>

      <p>With no map or compass, there was no choice but to travel while relying on the position of the sun, limiting movement to the daylight hours. There were dangerous creatures in the sky and on the ground, and abnormal weather sometimes prevented one from flying altogether.</p>

      <p>“Huh... So if you went by air, it’d take two months just to get there and back.”</p>

      <p>“Well, yes,” Rio said. Using a teleportation crystal to the spirit folk village would shorten the return trip, but explaining that now would derail the conversation.</p>

      <p>“But what are you going to the Yagumo region for when it’s such a long trip?”</p>

      <p>“I want to give my relatives an update on what’s been going on.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? You have family in the Yagumo region?” Satsuki’s eyes were wide. She thought Rio had been born and raised in the Strahl region, where he’d lost his parents at a young age and become an orphan. It didn’t feel right to ask about his past, so she hadn’t known he had actually been to Yagumo before.</p>

      <p>“I haven’t mentioned it to you before, but yes.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, so you’ve met them before?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“Huh. I kind of want to meet them. What are they like?” Satsuki asked. Miharu and Celia also fixed their stares on Rio.</p>

      <p>“They’re my paternal grandmother and cousin. And my maternal grandparents too.”</p>

      <p>“I see, I see. Is your cousin a boy? Or a girl?”</p>

      <p>“She’s a girl who’s one year older than me...”</p>

      <p>“Which makes her the same age as me, huh? Aww, now I <em>really</em> want to meet them!”</p>

      <p>“The main issue is this: Sara’s group will return to their village to give their updates to their families as well, but what will the rest of you do? If you come along, you won’t be returning to the Strahl region for two months. Visiting my relatives is purely my own personal matter, so you can stay in this mansion if you wish...”</p>

      <p>There was also the option to wait at the spirit folk village instead.</p>

      <p>“Yes! I want to go with you! Your family is my family too. I need to greet them properly,” Latifa immediately replied, raising her hand.</p>

      <p>“I’m also staying with Haruto,” Aishia added.</p>

      <p>“It’ll depend on whether the elders give permission, but we’re also thinking of going with you to Yagumo after visiting the village.” Sara sent Orphia and Alma a signal with her eyes before quietly expressing their intentions.</p>

      <p>“Yes! I want to go too!” Satsuki also raised her hand energetically.</p>

      <p>“You can’t leave the castle, Satsuki.”</p>

      <p>There was no way she could casually leave the castle to go all the way to Yagumo.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, but...” Satsuki puffed up her cheeks in a cute protest.</p>

      <p>“What about Miharu and Celia?”</p>

      <p>“Umm, I...” Miharu looked at Satsuki hesitantly. Perhaps she felt guilty Satsuki was being left behind all alone.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine, Miharu. You can leave me. I’m just sulking because I know I can’t go,” Satsuki persuaded Miharu with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“Yes. But there’s also the matter of Aki and the others...”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right. It’s true some time has passed since we all split up, so it makes sense that you’d be wondering what they’re up to. And now you’ll be gone for at least two months.”</p>

      <p>They had decided to wait patiently for time to pass, but several months had gone by since they split. It made sense to feel curious about how they were doing.</p>

      <p>In fact, Miharu hung her head with a hesitant expression.</p>

      <p>After weighing all her options in her heart, she finally decided on prioritizing her own feelings and raised her head. She then turned to Satsuki near pleadingly.</p>

      <p>“Is it... Is it okay if I go along too?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. Leave things to me in your absence.” Satsuki was pleased Miharu had prioritized herself for once—and perhaps a little pleased to be relied on—as she thumped herself in the chest and accepted the request.</p>

      <p>“I’ll send a letter to Masato and ask if there’s been any progress. There should be a reply by the time you return, so look forward to it.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you so much, Satsuki.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki shook her head shyly at the way Miharu bowed deeply at her. “It’s fine—nothing to thank me for. What are friends for?”</p>

      <p>“I’m counting on you too, Satsuki.” When Rio bowed at her, Satsuki made an even more embarrassed face.</p>

      <p>“Sure thing.”</p>

      <p>“That leaves Celia. What will you do? There’s the Restoration to consider, as well as the main Beltrum Kingdom’s problems. You can stay in this mansion if you wish, but...”</p>

      <p><em>She must be worried about how her family is doing back home, </em>Rio thought as he looked at Celia.</p>

      <p>Celia paused for a brief moment, but answered with a bright smile. “No... I’m your assistant right now. I’m going too, of course.”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’ve received some information about the main government, and my family doesn’t seem to be in any immediate danger. There’s nothing in my power I can do to help the Restoration’s relationship with Beltrum. Only Princess Christina can be entrusted with that. Besides, she left you to me...” Celia trailed off, staring at Rio.</p>

      <p>Rio tilted his head, puzzled. “...Is there something else?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Well, I want to meet your relatives too...” Celia said a little shyly.</p>

      <p>“I understand. Then I’ll take you to the Yagumo region as well.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.” Celia nodded happily.</p>

      <p>“The first one to meet them will be me, your little sister!” Latifa puffed up her cheeks.</p>

      <p>“I know,” Rio agreed with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>“That means it’d be better for us to return to the village first. I’d love to show Celia the village, and the elders need to give their permission for that,” Sara suddenly suggested, exchanging looks with Orphia and Alma.</p>

      <p>“You mean the three of you will go back first?” Rio asked after a pause.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I don’t believe there’ll be a problem if she shows up at your referral, but it’s probably better to give advance warning.”</p>

      <p>“So you’ll be returning here after you’ve received confirmation...?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, exactly.”</p>

      <p>In other words, the three of them would be traveling through the Wilderness alone. It wasn’t likely that anything bad would occur, but there were creatures there that even Sara and the others would struggle against.</p>

      <p>“I can go,” Rio offered.</p>

      <p>“You’re the owner of this mansion, so you should stay here. And please trust in our abilities a little more. It’s nice that you care about us, and I know we’re no match for you or Aishia, but we’re still strong enough to face the Wilderness,” Sara said, looking at Rio with scornful eyes.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“You guys...” Celia began to speak but was interrupted.</p>

      <p>“Oh, don’t apologize or thank us, please.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, we’re not doing this just for Rio’s or Celia’s sake.”</p>

      <p>“It’s simply something we wanted to do.”</p>

      <p>Orphia, Alma, and Sara all made comments in anticipation of what Rio and Celia were about to say.</p>

      <p>“I understand... In that case, please use the teleport crystal in my possession on your way there. That should reduce the duration and risk of your trip by half,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>Sara nodded with satisfaction. “All right. We’ll take you up on that offer.”</p>

      <p>“Teleport crystal... That’s the name of the artifact that was used when Princess Christina and Princess Flora were abducted, right?” Satsuki asked, blinking.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I possess one as well.” Rio gave the explanation on teleport crystals he’d omitted earlier. Satsuki could be trusted, so there was no need to keep it a secret.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Wow! So you can warp if you have that?” Satsuki asked in great interest.</p>

      <p>“Yes, but not freely. The destination is limited to Sara’s village, and the trip can only be made one way.”</p>

      <p>“That’s still amazing, though.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. That’s why I’d appreciate it if you kept this a secret from anyone else. This is a particularly valuable item made from sorcery that’s considered lost in the Strahl region. If it’s stolen, Sara’s village will also be at risk of invasion.”</p>

      <p>“Right, got it.” Satsuki nodded with a serious look.</p>

      <p>Rio continued with a glance at the spirit folk girls. “Also, I wanted to use this opportunity to talk about Sara and the others.”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure? They’re from a secret village, so you can’t speak too much about it, right? And with artifacts like this, I can imagine why...” Satsuki also looked over to check their expressions. The only thing she knew was that they lived in a hidden village at the outskirts of Strahl.</p>

      <p>“This is at the request of the people involved.”</p>

      <p>Sara and the others had gone to Rio, asking him to explain things properly to Satsuki before they departed. They also considered telling Charlotte, but ultimately decided not to this time because of her position as royalty. That being said, their trust in Charlotte was indeed high enough for her to be considered at all.</p>

      <p>“We want to get closer to Satsuki, so we discussed things amongst ourselves and decided not to keep secrets. We knew you were always acting considerate towards us,” Sara said.</p>

      <p>“It felt like there was a distance between us—like we were making a wall. And we didn’t want that,” added Orphia.</p>

      <p>“That’s why we’d appreciate it if you hear us out,” Alma disclosed.</p>

      <p>“Thank you...” Satsuki said shyly. “But it’s a rule of your village, isn’t it? You don’t have to break it for me.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. But there are exceptions to the rules,” Sara answered a little bashfully. Thus, Satsuki found out the truth behind the spirit folk girls and their village. The girls departed for the village two days later.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>