<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Enough about my age. What did you mean by ‘good as dead’?” Liselotte asked next, not wanting to engage in idle chatter.</p>

      <p>“Because I can no longer see my dearest lover anymore. He was everything to me. I have no intention of marrying anyone else, so I no longer feel any need to be Sakuraba Erika anymore. That’s why I became Saint Erica. However, talking to you has brought back some of those fond memories.”</p>

      <p><em>It’s like I’ve returned just for this moment,</em> Erica thought a little sadly.</p>

      <p>“What should I ask next? Let’s see... Where did you live in Japan?”</p>

      <p>“Bunkyo, Tokyo.”</p>

      <p>“Ah ha ha. Seeing you say that with that face is funny. You lived in a good area, though. I was a lecturer at a university in Shinjuku, by the way.”</p>

      <p>“Why did you assume I was reincarnated?”</p>

      <p>“You’re talking to someone who was summoned to another world. I just figured it wouldn’t be a stretch for there to be reincarnated people as well. I read some light novels on the topic when I was in Japan too. So how did you die, Rikka?”</p>

      <p>“...It was a bus accident,” Liselotte answered with a slightly unhappy look. Erica kept asking her questions that didn’t matter.</p>

      <p>“Wow, how cliché.”</p>

      <p>“It’s my turn next. Why are you asking such trivial things? I expected you to ask something more meaningful.”</p>

      <p>“No reason in particular... I just didn’t want to ask Saint Erica’s questions as Sakuraba Erika. I said I was feeling nostalgic talking to you, didn’t I?” Erica’s smile turned strained for a moment, as though she had remembered some harsh reality.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>Liselotte still wasn’t convinced. Her personality was so different to when she was a saint, it felt like she was talking to someone else.</p>

      <p>“But you’re right. None of that matters. Let’s make the next question the last one.”</p>

      <p>“All right.” There were still many things Liselotte wanted to ask, but she couldn’t force her to answer.</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll go first.”</p>

      <p>“Sure...” Liselotte braced herself for whatever question would come, but...</p>

      <p>“Rikka—no, Liselotte. Do you have someone you love?”</p>

      <p>“...Excuse me?” The question was so unexpected, she wasn’t sure she heard it right.</p>

      <p>“Are you in love with anyone?”</p>

      <p>“Is that something you need to know?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. It’s standard girl gossip, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“...I do not.”</p>

      <p>“That’s a lie. You paused. Now, that won’t do... You have to answer honestly. Otherwise, I won’t answer your next question honestly either,” Erica said harshly.</p>

      <p>“Honestly, I’m not sure. I’m too busy with work,” Liselotte answered somewhat shyly, eyes downcast.</p>

      <p>“That reaction tells me there’s someone you’re interested in.”</p>

      <p>“There’s someone who came to mind when you first asked, but...I cannot imagine us becoming lovers.”</p>

      <p>“I see... But if there is someone, don’t do anything you’d regret. This is advice from a regretful past situation.”</p>

      <p>“Okay...”</p>

      <p>“Now it’s your turn, Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>“Right.” Liselotte nodded, the question she wanted to ask already prepared. “Then...are you a hero? I only know of five heroes, as there’s been no information on the sixth...” Liselotte wondered.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... You’re gonna ask that?” Erica seemed reluctant for some reason.</p>

      <p>“Is there something wrong with that? I answered your question honestly, so you should answer mine too.” Liselotte suspected Erica was a hero already, but she wanted Erica to confirm it so it could be established as a fact.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know if I should. You might be upset.”</p>

      <p>“But I won’t know that until I hear the answer.”</p>

      <p>“That’s true... Then I’ll answer. I’m a hero.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte hummed at the satisfactory answer. “I see, so you really are one... But what’s so upsetting about that...?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, how troubling indeed. I still need to keep the fact I’m a hero a secret, you see.” Erica suddenly started speaking in her saintlike tone.</p>

      <p>“...Huh?” The sudden change left Liselotte taken aback.</p>

      <p>“Oh!” Immediately after, Erica tried to grab at Liselotte. Before she knew it, Erica was right in front of her, leaving Liselotte in a state of shock.</p>

      <p>“What do you think you’re doing?” Aria stood in front of Erica, grabbing her arm. She then proceeded to deftly hurl Erica’s body at the window; with a loud crash, the saint flew through the glass and fell to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Liselotte was left speechless at the sight.</p>

      <p>“I shall apprehend her. The other attendant guards should be here soon. Stay over here, Lady Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>With that, Aria drew the enchanted sword by her side and jumped out the window after Erica.</p>

      <p>“Ah, how troubling. How troubling indeed.” Meanwhile, Erica was patting the dust off her dress without a single scratch on her.</p>

      <p><em>That saint is a hero. Like Lady Satsuki, her Divine Arms strengthened her body and made her tougher. Killing a hero will only create a fuss... This is a problem...</em> Aria sighed in annoyance.</p>

      <p>“You’re not a normal attendant, are you?” Erica summoned her Divine Arms—a bishop’s staff—into her right hand as she questioned Aria.</p>

      <p>“Of course not. None of Lady Liselotte’s attendants are normal attendants.”</p>

      <p>“Heh. Heh heh heh. That’s lovely.”</p>

      <p>No sooner had she said that than Erica charged at Aria. The powerful enhancement of her Divine Arms caused her speed to far surpass the limits of a normal human.</p>

      <p>However, Aria’s physical body was also enhanced through her enchanted sword. She was able to react to Erica’s speed without a problem and close the distance between the saint and herself.</p>

      <p>“Oh...” Erica’s eyes widened slightly in surprise. Whether it was to avoid a collision or increase the distance between them, she immediately moved to the right in a dramatic way.</p>

      <p>But Aria soon closed that distance again, swinging her sword the moment she came within reach. She couldn’t afford to kill the hero, so she used the blunt side of her sword to strike. Erica raised her staff at the last minute to block that attack.</p>

      <p>“Such wonderful strength indeed,” she murmured in awe, thrusting the staff forward to send Aria flying back.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What tremendous strength...</em></p>

      <p>Aria’s body fell back heavily; she had lost in strength despite her enchanted sword’s power. Erica’s movement speed was still manageable, but her physical strength was on another level.</p>

      <p>“It seems like your reinforcements are on their way. I should stop dawdling and clean this up quickly,” Erica said, switching to go on the offensive.</p>

      <p>Using the reach of her staff, she inflicted her strikes on Aria from outside the reach of the sword.</p>

      <p><em>The sixth hero seems to have a rather violent disposition.</em></p>

      <p>Aria sometimes saw through the attacks and evaded them, and sometimes swung her sword to parry the staff off course, trying to close the gap to Erica. However, before Aria could come close, Erica thrust her staff into the ground with all her might. Immediately after, the ground rose up and formed a dirt wall, blocking Aria’s way.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Instead of pursuing her further, Aria retreated. She considered the possibility of Erica going after Liselotte and made sure to have the mansion to her back.</p>

      <p>Soon after, the dirt wall Erica created blew up. Erica herself had swung her staff and mowed it down in annoyance. She faced Aria once again.</p>

      <p>“You really are strong... I haven’t met anyone this strong before. It sure is a big world...” Erica spat out her words in great admiration.</p>

      <p>“Your quick strength is superb, but it doesn’t seem like you’ve had combat training before.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, you would be right.”</p>

      <p>“Now that I have a grasp of your strength, I’m going to finish this now.”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee hee. Who truly knows about that...” Erica dismissed Aria’s provocation with a smug laugh, then ran towards her, swinging her staff once more. The ground was scraped from left to right, sending a dusty shockwave towards Aria.</p>

      <p>However, Aria instantly saw through the reach of the shockwave and retreated to a point where the shockwave was weakened. But the moment the shockwave eased, she made a rapid approach towards Erica.</p>

      <p>“Uh!”</p>

      <p>Erica’s reaction was delayed by her own dust cloud for a brief moment. She quickly tried to blow Aria away with another shockwave, raising her staff, but...</p>

      <p><em>Too slow.</em></p>

      <p>Aria sliced her sword at Erica’s staff before it could swing down, knocking it upwards. She then slipped right up to Erica and landed a heavy blow to her chest with the palm of her hand.</p>

      <p>“Guh...”</p>

      <p>It was one of the martial arts techniques she had learned from Rio at the Galarc Castle the other day. Erica’s body went flying through the air, sending her rolling ten meters away.</p>

      <p>It definitely should have had an impact. Even with an enhanced body, she would’ve taken a considerable amount of damage. In reality, Erica was shaking on all fours, still conscious but seemingly unable to get up.</p>

      <p><em>It’s over. The problem is how to restrain her... Perhaps I should land one more strike to knock her unconscious.</em></p>

      <p>Though it was difficult, there was no helping it. The moment Aria reached a decision, she approached Erica and aimed a kick from below at her stomach.</p>

      <p>“Gah...!”</p>

      <p>Erica’s body jerked up, and several seconds later, gravity sent her falling back. This time, Erica seemed to lose consciousness, collapsing facedown without a twitch.</p>

      <p>“Aria!”</p>

      <p>At that moment, Natalie and Cosette came running out of the mansion. In their hands was a set of magic-sealing cuffs.</p>

      <p><em>Thank goodness they’re so capable. If she’s restrained with those cuffs on, she should calm down a little.</em></p>

      <p>Aria approached the facedown Erica. She leaned her weight on Erica’s back, pressing her into the ground.</p>

      <p>“I’ll hold her down while you two put the cuffs... What?!”</p>

      <p>Erica had flung Aria off her back with a sharp push-up. The momentum sent Aria flying ten meters or more.</p>

      <p><em>No way. She didn’t receive any damage at all?!</em></p>

      <p>Seeing Erica on her feet and full of life below her left Aria speechless. Erica casually looked upwards, met Aria’s eyes, and grinned eerily, then dashed at full speed away from her, towards the mansion.</p>

      <p>“Cosette! Natalie! Stop that woman!” Aria was still falling through the air and gave her colleagues a quick order.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!”</p>

      <p>Before Cosette and Natalie could approach Erica, she had swung her bishop’s staff down towards the ground. The shockwave created was nothing like the one earlier—it was almost like a huge explosion had gone off, rumbling like thunder and sending a cloud of dust everywhere. Aria was unable to see the ground as she continued to fall.</p>

      <p><em>Lady Liselotte...</em></p>

      <p>She turned her gaze away from the dust cloud and towards the mansion. She could see Liselotte watching everything out of the second-floor window, and Erica running towards the mansion. Erica was looking around as though she were searching for Liselotte.</p>

      <p><em>No...</em> <em>Hurry. Hurry and fall quicker.</em></p>

      <p>The span of mere seconds felt like an eternity to Aria. When she finally reached the ground, she started running towards the mansion with all her might.</p>

      <p>She couldn’t see anything past a meter ahead of her, but there was no time to be bothered by that. Praying that the guards would buy her enough time, Aria ran through the dust at full speed. Eventually, her vision cleared.</p>

      <p>“Aria, no! Stay back!”</p>

      <p>Liselotte’s familiar voice could be heard. At the same time, she spotted Erica waiting for her just a few meters away with her staff ready to swing down.</p>

      <p>“There you are.”</p>

      <p>Erica spotted Liselotte leaning out of the second-floor window to yell and grinned. At the same time, she finished swinging her staff down.</p>

      <p>“Guh...”</p>

      <p>And Aria’s vision was blacked out by the shockwave and dirt.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>