<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>As I expected, Aria really is the strongest of all the participants.</em></p>

      <p>At the same time, Rio felt a keen sense of Aria’s abilities firsthand. Liselotte’s other attendants, Cosette and Natalie, had been at an even level with Vanessa and Louise, but Aria’s swordsmanship was closer to Alfred’s, the King’s Sword. She had more than enough talent to be working as the head attendant of a duke’s daughter.</p>

      <p><em>Aria would need to face Aishia for a worthwhile match. Though Sara and Alma may put up a good fight if they team up together, </em>Rio thought as he fended off Aria’s attacks. It’d be a different matter if spirit arts were allowed, but Sara and Alma wouldn’t be able to win under the same conditions alone. If he were to hold a series of battles to rank the participants with the exception of Aishia and himself, Aria would come out as the decisive winner, followed by Sara and Alma. Below them would be Natalie, Cosette, Vanessa, and Louise. After that would be the other knights.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, when Satsuki tried to enhance her physical abilities, she found the enhancements of her Divine Arms were activated even without manifesting the weapon. This meant she couldn’t fight under the same conditions as the other participants, so she couldn’t be ranked, but if Rio were to rank them with Divine Arms, spirit arts, and enchanted swords allowed, she’d probably rank near the top.</p>

      <p>He’d sparred with her multiple times since living in the castle mansion, and she had shown impressive growth in a short time. However...</p>

      <p><em>She really is formidable...</em></p>

      <p>Even then, Satsuki would have a hard time against Aria. That was how superior Aria’s abilities were. Not only was every one of her movements clean and efficient, she had a good sense of technique to make her actions hard to predict.</p>

      <p><em>The skirt she’s wearing makes it hard to measure the distance. It may be a little unusual to see an attendant fighting in her work uniform, but considering how she was going to use a weapon, it was probably a reasonable combat outfit. Though it’s easier to grab at when one is fighting with their fists...</em></p>

      <p>For example, a trained knight would be able to see through their opponents based on their body’s movements, but what was most vital was the visual information received from watching the feet, such as the timing of steps and kicks. That’s why it was normal to purposefully use the body’s movements as feints or learn techniques to hide them as much as possible, but hiding the feet with a long skirt was another clever method. Rio also used a long coat when he usually fought to make his feet harder to see, but a skirt could cover a greater area.</p>

      <p>That being said, Cosette and Natalie were similarly wearing skirts. The reason why Rio found Aria harder to fight than them was simply because she had better skills. She had perfectly mastered techniques to conceal her movements on top of hiding her feet with her skirt, so even though her physical abilities weren’t any different from the others, it gave the illusion that her speed was greater. On top of that, she was constantly making the best move with the fastest speed.</p>

      <p>However, Rio was keeping up with her movements perfectly, so their match was turning out to be much more advanced than the others. Rio had only moved a few meters while fighting the others, but now he was being forced to move much farther to deal with Aria’s attacks. The observers of their match all had their eyes opened wide.</p>

      <p>Those who were the most surprised were the ones seeing Aria fight for the first time—in particular, the knights. They looked on, dumbfounded.</p>

      <p>“How intense...” Vanessa muttered, watching Aria.</p>

      <p>“I’ve heard rumors that Lady Liselotte’s head attendant is skilled, but this is something else,” Louise replied.</p>

      <p>A short distance away, Cosette overheard their conversation and mumbled, “Sir Haruto is also amazing for being able to keep up with her fierce attacks so perfectly. I wouldn’t last more than a few seconds...”</p>

      <p>Liselotte’s attendants all trained every day, and the one that oversaw them was Aria. Their menu included regularly facing her in a one-on-one match, which the attendants all feared as the training from hell.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you guys. Who is she?” Vanessa asked Natalie and Cosette.</p>

      <p>“She’s our head attendant. Her name’s Aria,” Cosette answered with a shrug.</p>

      <p>“I heard that during her self-introduction... But what kind of history does she have? It seems like she’s learned the sword style of the Beltrum Kingdom,” Vanessa continued.</p>

      <p>Since she also used the Beltrum style of swordsmanship, she had noticed that similarity.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Well, it’s not like it’s a secret, so I guess it should be fine to say. She was born to a viscount family of Beltrum.”</p>

      <p>Aria had mentioned it herself last time she met a knight of the Beltrum Kingdom.</p>

      <p>“So she’s a viscount’s daughter from our kingdom? Why is she serving a duke’s daughter in Galarc...?”</p>

      <p>Did that mean she was employed as a servant? Anyone born to a viscount family with sword skills like that would normally join the knights—and there was no doubt she’d achieve great success there. It wouldn’t be strange for her to be assigned to royalty like Christina or Flora. Vanessa looked like she wanted to recruit her.</p>

      <p>“I’m afraid that’s a more private question, so please ask Aria herself. She’s not that bothered by it, so I doubt she’ll refuse to answer, but it’s her own matter to discuss.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I see... No, I’m sorry for troubling you.” Vanessa sensed the change in the atmosphere and refrained from pressing the issue. However, she still felt regretful that their kingdom had lost such a talented person and bit down on her lip in frustration.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Rio switched from defense to offense. He pursued the trajectory of Aria’s sword, swinging his sword across in the same direction to counterstrike. Aria used the force of her swing to leap to the side, evading Rio’s counter by a hair’s breadth.</p>

      <p>Rio proceeded to pursue her by closing in. Until now, he’d avoided aggressively attacking the other sparring partners, so the observers started buzzing with noise.</p>

      <p>“Guh...”</p>

      <p>Aria noticed this as well. Since the other participants hadn’t been actively attacked, she was surprised enough to widen her eyes faintly. But it still wasn’t enough to shake her up—she was able to react to his attacks. With a backstep, she handled his attack, making Rio move forward like he was dancing with his sword.</p>

      <p>Rio’s attacks were also splendid, making the observers hold their breath. However, they proceeded to meet swords another ten times.</p>

      <p>“Let’s leave it at that.” Rio stopped, calling for an end to the match.</p>

      <p>“...Right.” Aria replied with a small breath, lowering her sword.</p>

      <p>“Now, let’s return to everyone else.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>Aria followed Rio as he started walking, watching his back.</p>

      <p><em>What an unbelievable boy... His sword skills are perfect and he fights like a veteran master warrior. It’s terrifying to think he’s only sixteen years old.</em></p>

      <p>She was supposed to be the older one, yet she felt like her sword had more of the passion that could be found in youth. That was the half-exasperated thought that entered Aria’s mind.</p>

      <p><em>An opportunity to face opponents like this doesn’t come by often. I should enjoy it to my fullest while I can.</em></p>

      <p>She smiled happily. After that, Rio, Aria, and Sara, who had been acting as the umpire, returned to where the knights and the others were.</p>

      <p>“I’ve gained a good idea of everyone’s abilities after facing all of you. There are a few things I’ve noticed, so I’m going to proceed with the lesson while taking those points into consideration. The goal of today is for everyone here to get stronger, so we’ll hold mock battles in varying numbers to provide a useful learning experience for everyone. I may end up instructing on the spur of the moment, but please bear with me.” Rio explained the direction of the lesson and looked around at everyone. When he bowed his head, the participants all blinked in surprise for a moment.</p>

      <p>“Yes, sir!” they all replied energetically.</p>

      <p>“Does anyone have any questions?”</p>

      <p>“Yes!” Someone’s hand shot into the air.</p>

      <p>“What is it, Satsuki?”</p>

      <p>“Won’t you spar with me?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve been sparring with you ever since I came to this mansion, haven’t I? That’s why I know yours, Sara’s, Alma’s, and Aishia’s abilities already.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph...” Satsuki pouted. She had been looking forward to it.</p>

      <p>“I can spar with you anytime outside of the lesson, so let’s fight then.”</p>

      <p>“Is that a promise?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.” Although he shrugged, Rio nodded with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Yay! I can’t wait,” Satsuki replied cheerfully.</p>

      <p>The knights and attendants watching on sensed how close the two of them were based on that exchange.</p>

      <p>“Now, we’ve got no time to waste. Let’s move on to the next menu item.”</p>

      <p>The lesson continued for another two hours until lunch, and the participants enjoyed a very fulfilling training session.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, roughly one hour before the special lesson ended, the girls who had been observing the class, which included Miharu, Celia, Latifa, Orphia, Charlotte, Liselotte, Christina, and Flora, entered the mansion ahead of the others; their goal was to prepare lunch and ready the baths that were just completed yesterday for their guests. The mansion was constructed with royalty in mind, so it was built rather spaciously. Of course, there were baths in the mansion to begin with, but Rio decided to remodel them so that Satsuki could still enjoy herself while he was away from the castle.</p>

      <p>The residents of the house (including Satsuki, who practically lived there, and Charlotte) had used the baths yesterday, but Christina, Flora, and Liselotte had yet to give them a try. The three of them expressed their interest in bathing, so it was agreed in advance that they would be brought there once they observed enough of the lesson.</p>

      <p>Miharu, Orphia, and Latifa were to prepare lunch while Celia, Charlotte, Liselotte, Christina, and Flora would bathe first. They undressed themselves in the changing room with the help of the attendants, then opened the door connecting to the bathroom.</p>

      <p>“Oh my goodness...”</p>

      <p>“It’s wonderful...”</p>

      <p>Flora was the first to react with sparkling eyes, followed by Christina. The two had experienced the bath in the stone house on their return from Paladia to Galarc, so they were filled with more awe than surprise.</p>

      <p>However, unlike the stone bath of the other house, this mansion’s bath was made of wood. The walls, floor, and bathtub were all made of wooden materials, creating a room that was overflowing with traditional Japanese taste.</p>

      <p>“What a well-made bathtub...”</p>

      <p>Liselotte’s eyes were first drawn to the bathtub. Most bathtubs in the Strahl region were of a shallow style that allowed just enough water to wash the body.</p>

      <p>However, the new bathtubs Rio and the others had built were deep enough to soak in. On top of that, they were large enough to fit ten people with room to spare. It was filled to the brim with water and covered in a layer of steam. The wall, floor, and bathtub were entirely covered in wooden tiles that gave the bathroom a bright look. The window opened to a balcony that overlooked the back garden, allowing a half open-air bathing experience.</p>

      <p>Unable to forget the feeling of a Japanese bath, Liselotte had also built a bathroom in her mansion back in Amande, but hers could only fit three people at most.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto and Lady Alma remodeled the existing bathroom together. They recreated the bathrooms that could be found in Lady Satsuki and Lady Miharu’s previous world,” Charlotte explained, having enjoyed the bath yesterday.</p>

      <p>“It’s truly wonderful...” Liselotte sighed dreamily. Maybe it was because she recalled her memories as a Japanese person, or perhaps she was plainly impressed by the brilliant bath before her.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, hold on a minute... This mansion was given to him ten days ago, right? They built such a wonderful bath in just ten days? With only the two of them...?</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte snapped back to her senses, tilted her head, and looked around at the bathroom once again, surprised by the degree of perfection. There was no sign of poor construction—everything was cleanly refined past the level of an amateur job. It certainly looked like the work of a carpentry company.</p>

      <p><em>A top-notch swordsman with splendid cooking skills, and he makes his own fine wine as a hobby. He has knowledge of powerful sorcery and can also do carpentry work. Just how many talents do you have, Sir Haruto?</em></p>

      <p>He had so much knowledge, Liselotte’s feelings surpassed mere awe and reached into the half-exasperated territory. But as a merchant, that made him all the more attractive to her. Each one of his areas of knowledge was packed with charm—if they were cleverly applied to business, they could lead to a huge fortune.</p>

      <p>Thus, the correct thing to do as a profit-seeking merchant was to actively negotiate with him, and she was filled with the impulse to do exactly that, but...</p>

      <p><em>For some reason, I find myself holding back. I don’t want to bring up business every time and make him think I only care about making money...</em></p>

      <p>At present, she hadn’t been able to actively pursue such discussions. She might have failed as a merchant, but she couldn’t help feeling guilty about creating a self-interested relationship like that. Liselotte herself couldn’t really explain the reason why, so it was a source of concern for her.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter, Liselotte?”</p>

      <p>Just then, Celia tilted her head at Liselotte, wondering why she had stopped at the entrance of the bathroom.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no, it’s just such a lovely bathroom... I was wondering if it was difficult to make use of facilities like this. I’m sure water can be produced with magic, but preparing it each time must take some work, and then the water needs to be heated...”</p>

      <p>“I shouldn’t be surprised you noticed that—how about I explain how this works?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, please do.” Liselotte nodded.</p>

      <p>“Then let’s do it while we wash up. Please, come this way. I’ll explain how to use the soap as well.”</p>

      <p>With that, Celia led Liselotte over to the washing area. She explained how to use the shampoo, conditioner, and body wash.</p>

      <p>“Umm... Celia? Where was this soap supplied from?” Liselotte asked after one sniff of the liquid soap that came out of the bottle. The Ricca Guild also stocked liquid body wash, but she was unfamiliar with the scent from this bottle.</p>

      <p>She was also curious about the sorcery that cleansed and heated the water, but she left that topic aside for now. For the moment, her merchant side was far too interested in the soap right now.</p>

      <p>“It’s all made by Haruto. He’s really knowledgeable about things like this.”</p>

      <p>“Doesn’t he have <em>too</em> much knowledge?” In her shock, Liselotte accidentally spilled her inner thoughts from earlier.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee, I know how you feel. Perhaps it’s because he’s lived a life without relying on others, but he tends to do everything by himself. I think that’s why he’s learned all kinds of things. He also seems fond of learning things he doesn’t know, and since he has a high level of expectation from himself...” Celia said with a strained smile.</p>

      <p><em>Though that’s also what leads to his low self-esteem, </em>she thought quietly.</p>

      <p>“I see. He has the temperament of an artisan,” Liselotte said with a hum.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that’s probably true,” Celia nodded. That evaluation of him made sense.</p>

      <p>“Are you talking about Sir Haruto?” Charlotte immediately joined the conversation. Naturally, Christina and Flora were right beside her, and they had all stopped in the middle of washing themselves to look on curiously.</p>

      <p>“Yes. We were talking about how Haruto made this soap and how talented he is,” Celia summarized briefly.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, Sir Haruto is a truly admirable person,” Charlotte agreed strongly.</p>

      <p>“That’s not quite what I meant...”</p>

      <p>“Ah ha ha...”</p>

      <p>Celia and Liselotte both had strained smiles on their faces.</p>

      <p>“That aside... This is my opinion one night after using Sir Haruto’s soap, but the quality is much better than the Ricca Guild’s soap,” Charlotte said cheerfully, looking at Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“My interest has been piqued. Could you explain the difference for my research?” Liselotte asked, expressing her strong interest in the conversation as a merchant. Since Charlotte wasn’t the type of person to lie about things like this, she was extremely curious as to how it was better than her guild’s products.</p>

      <p>“Scent is subjective, so there’s little that can be mentioned there. The biggest difference is in the cosmetic effect, I’d say. For example, for the shampoo, the difference is really evident in how smoothly I can comb my fingers through my hair the morning after. It may just suit my hair type in particular, but it feels so nice to touch even after I’ve slept. The body soap has also had a notable impact on my skin. It moisturizes for a much longer time than the Ricca Guild’s soap.”</p>

      <p>“Those are all points we’ve been trying to correct in our products. We were still in the testing stage for an improved product, though...”</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto seems willing to explain how to create the soaps stocked here, so why don’t you use that knowledge for your store? If you’re satisfied with the result after trying it, of course.” Charlotte grinned boldly, as though she was confident in the answer. That wouldn’t be an issue, though—Liselotte trusted Charlotte’s opinion on items.</p>

      <p>“That’s more than I could hope to ask for, but...is that really okay?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’ve received Sir Haruto’s agreement last night, so I can mediate the deal. But there are some conditions: a portion of the sales must go to Sir Haruto, Lady Satsuki and I are to receive stock for our own use, and...Princess Christina and Princess Flora are to receive stock priority.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte certainly worked fast—she hadn’t even forgotten to add a favor for Christina and Flora.</p>

      <p>“Understood. Leave it to me.” Liselotte nodded smoothly.</p>

      <p>“Thank you so much...” It was her first time hearing about the soap being prioritized for her, so Christina blinked in shock before giving her thanks. Her mouth was upturned in a happy smile.</p>

      <p>She had enjoyed the soap in the stone house bath during her travels with Rio. It had changed her impression of baths, which she believed to be for cleaning purposes rather than enjoyment until then.</p>

      <p>She had yearned to use that soap again after returning to Rodania and taking baths there, but she couldn’t say that to Rio out of modesty. To be able to have a safe supply of stock and enjoy this bath once again was most pleasing to her.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much!” Flora echoed in a cheery voice.</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided. Also, I’ve decided to try these soaking-style baths in the main castle. Sir Haruto and Lady Celia will be explaining the technology for that, but can I leave the remodeling to your guild as well?”</p>

      <p>“Of course... But when you say ‘technology,’ do you mean this bathroom uses some kind of unique engineering after all?” Liselotte asked.</p>

      <p>“There are magic artifacts to store water and keep it clean, which use unpublished spells that Haruto and I developed. We’ve decided to officially register the spell in Galarc and the Restoration in the near future, but...” Celia explained. Spell registration worked like patents on modern Earth. Whenever someone released a newly developed spell, they obtained the right to monopolize use of that spell. The kingdom closely managed published spells, ensuring that the developer received a fee every time it was used by someone else.</p>

      <p>“They’ve agreed to teach the spells before doing so. Soaking-style baths can be combined with soaps as negotiation material, so I believe this could be the new trend,” Charlotte said, finishing Celia’s words. She didn’t clarify what kind of negotiation it was being used for but smiled with a meaningful look.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Christina said.</p>

      <p>“Noblewomen will swarm for it, I’m sure,” Liselotte guessed.</p>

      <p>At present, the Ricca Guild handled the highest-quality soaps circulating in Galarc and Beltrum. The birth of a much better quality soap would certainly enthrall the customer base of royalty, nobility, and wealthy merchant women—especially if it had a remarkable effect on beauty. Once they experienced its effects, they would certainly want to continue using it. In which case, there were many ways to take advantage as the developer and supplier. It was the equivalent of obtaining a powerful weapon against the female half of the noble class.</p>

      <p><em>While there haven’t been any movements yet, there are definitely people who dislike Sir Haruto’s rise in fame. It wouldn’t hurt to have as many options as possible.</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte needed to prepare a counterattack in case something happened, increase her allies, and lay the foundations.</p>

      <p>This was part of the reason why she requested Rio to give combat training and Celia to hold a lecture this time. Rio wasn’t affiliated with any particular faction, but he was clearly under the protection of King Francois and the Second Princess. Thus, the first people who needed to be on his side were the royal knights. This was why she had asked him to give the knights combat training—to give the participants a favorable impression of Rio. That plan had certainly turned out well.</p>

      <p>On top of that, the fact that Celia—the famous genius sorcerer of Beltrum—was holding a lecture in Galarc especially out of her friendly relationship with Haruto Amakawa also gave the public a good impression of his connections.</p>

      <p>Of course, that wouldn’t erase all of the animosity directed Haruto’s way.</p>

      <p><em>But that works out anyway, since it just means things will get interesting. I can’t wait, </em>Charlotte thought with a pleased smile.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Once Rio’s combat training class ended, the participants were shown inside the mansion to mingle and have some lunch before they all returned to their posts.</p>

      <p>However, the group was first led to the baths to wash up after all of the exercising they’d done. There were large baths in the mansion for men and women that were built by dividing the work between Alma and Rio, but the men’s bathroom was allocated to half of the group for them to wash up in. In the meantime, Rio used the small bathroom attached to his bedroom to clean himself.</p>

      <p>Once that was done, he helped Miharu and the others with preparing lunch. The participants who had been washing up eventually returned to gather in the large dining room.</p>

      <p>“Shall we begin soon, then?”</p>

      <p>Charlotte took charge of the lunch party that commenced. There were multiple tables placed in the room, and there were no assigned seats to allow the attendees to interact with each other freely.</p>

      <p>They could choose whether to stand and move around to talk as they ate, or to sit down and eat instead. The food was lined on the table in the center of the room for people to serve what they wished to eat onto their plates themselves.</p>

      <p>“Lady Miharu and Lady Orphia prepared all of the dishes themselves. Sir Haruto prepared some as well, but please eat up before it gets cold—there’s no need to show any consideration for others. Enjoy yourselves without being too formal, yes? Now, let us begin.” Charlotte clapped her hands and wrapped up her short greeting. The knights seemed a little nervous to be in attendance among princesses.</p>

      <p>“Let’s take Her Highness up on her offer.”</p>

      <p>“It’s food made by Lady Miharu, Lady Orphia, and Sir Amakawa. It’d be rude to allow it to cool.”</p>

      <p>The two captains of Galarc’s and the Restoration’s knights—Louise and Vanessa—led the way to the food. Their subordinates followed behind them.</p>

      <p>“It feels a little strange being on the receiving side. And from those directly above me...”</p>

      <p>Liselotte’s attendant, Natalie, looked a little uncomfortable as she spoke. Part of the reason was probably because she was the most serious out of the attendants, but she was also usually the one serving people, so she wasn’t used to this.</p>

      <p>“You heard what the princess said: it’d be rude to refuse. Anyways, we’ve had Sir Haruto and Lady Miharu’s homemade cooking before and it was amazing, remember? It’d be a waste not to have some. Come on, let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“Cosette, wait—”</p>

      <p>Cosette started dragging Natalie over to the food table by the arm. Watching their backs was Aria, who called out to them with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Make sure not to go over the top, please. Goodness.”</p>

      <p>Celia giggled and turned to Aria. “Hee hee, you’re a guest as well today. Forget about work and make sure you have lots to eat as well.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve received more than enough of a welcome already. I was able to enjoy a splendid bath after the training, and now I’m attending this extravagant lunch. Honestly, it almost makes me wish I could work here,” Aria replied with a smile on her face.</p>

      <p>Elsewhere in the room, Latifa was tugging Rio by the arm. “Onii-chan, we should get food too!”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, I’m going to excuse myself and take a bath. I only washed myself briefly earlier.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Oh, should I come and help wash your back, then?” Latifa puffed up her cheeks when she heard Rio was leaving, but immediately smiled playfully to tease him.</p>

      <p>“Of course not. I don’t want to concern people by being the only man in the room, so please enjoy yourselves without me for a while. The goal of this is for the attendees to interact with each other, after all.”</p>

      <p>Rio gave a faint sigh of fond exasperation but patted Latifa’s head gently. Latifa squeezed her eyes shut at that, her expression softening in happiness.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be back later.”</p>

      <p>With those words, Rio quietly left the dining hall without drawing attention to himself. That being said, some people immediately noticed he was gone.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Where is Sir Haruto going?” Charlotte, who had been talking to Christina and Liselotte, cocked her head and looked around at the others. This prompted everyone around her to look as well.</p>

      <p>“He left to take a proper bath. He said we should enjoy things without him,” Latifa answered unhappily.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto’s the owner of this mansion, so he shouldn’t have to show such reserve...” Charlotte looked somewhat sullen, pouting slightly.</p>

      <p>“But it is a little awkward to be the only man in this room. This mansion’s like an all-girls high school right now—though it’s normally like this anyway,” Satsuki said sympathetically and looked around. There were dozens of people in the dining hall right now, including the waitstaff, and they were all women.</p>

      <p>“Still, I didn’t expect him to disappear as soon as it began. I believe any gentleman of Sir Haruto’s age... No, any young and healthy gentleman would be delighted to remain in this room.”</p>

      <p>The room was filled with beautiful women in the prime of their youth. Any noble in the prime of their manhood would have been proactively conversing with them.</p>

      <p>“No, no. It’s <em>because </em>he’s a gentleman that he left to make us more comfortable.”</p>

      <p>“That’s being too much of a gentleman.”</p>

      <p><em>He’s probably what they’d call a “herbivore man” back home in Japan</em>, Satsuki thought about Rio. Charlotte apparently found that displeasing and appeared to look sad.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... I get what you’re trying to say, Char, but I think Rio’s lack of arrogance is a good thing.”</p>

      <p>“I completely agree with that, but...I wish he would see his own charms in a more objective manner. Because everyone wants to talk to him.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” Satsuki agreed.</p>

      <p>After all, Haruto was the finest gentleman one could wish for. He was good-looking, had a good personality, was strong, high in status, and had a long list of achievements—it’d be hard to find any fault with him. On top of that, he was still sixteen years old and single. Even without the purpose of marriage, anyone would want to approach him. This was Satsuki’s line of thinking.</p>

      <p>“I’m starting to understand everyone’s hardships. I expected more development in our relationship by spending time every day together, yet...” Charlotte sighed uneasily. She visited the mansion nearly every day to make various attempts at seduction, yet Rio was more passive towards romance than she thought. It wasn’t as though he was distancing himself from her, and he showed proper awareness of her as the opposite sex when she clung to him, but he never made a move on her.</p>

      <p>“I’m glad you understand.” Latifa joined the conversation with a smug huff after hearing Charlotte’s lamentations. All her years spent with Rio hadn’t been for nothing—she understood those hardships too.</p>

      <p>Watching that exchange a short distance away was Celia and her old friend Aria, as well as Natalie and Cosette.</p>

      <p>“It seems like Sir Haruto left the room,” Natalie said, looking over at the conversation between Charlotte and the others she had just overheard.</p>

      <p>“Aww, I wanted to use this chance to talk to him more... Whoa, this egg dish is amazing.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t act disappointed and joyful in the same breath.”</p>

      <p>Cosette’s shoulders slumped while she was tasting the food, making Natalie scold her with a fed-up look.</p>

      <p>“Haruto will be back soon, I believe,” Celia said with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“Although it seems like there are many others who wish to speak to him, so there won’t be much time to talk to him...” Aria said, looking around the room.</p>

      <p>The knights who were digging into the food had also noticed Rio’s absence, and some of them looked rather disappointed. They could be heard discussing how to approach him when he returned.</p>

      <p>“If you want to talk to Haruto, do you want me to say something when he returns?” Celia offered thoughtfully.</p>

      <p>“Really?” Cosette’s expression brightened as she leaned forward eagerly.</p>

      <p>“S-Sure.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>