<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Cinderella’s Wish</h2>

      <p>Amakawa Haruto was a seventeen-year-old boy attending high school in Japan. September. The new school term had just begun, but despite it being September, it was still just as hot as the summer months.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Amakawa-senpai!”</p>

      <p>After school, Haruto ran into Minamoto Rikka, who was from the middle school division. They saw each other’s faces from a distance before Rikka waved as she approached.</p>

      <p>“Hello, Rikka.”</p>

      <p>“Hi, senpai.”</p>

      <p>“Are you going home for today?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Do you want to go back together? There’s actually something I wanted to ask you...” Rikka spoke with a friendly smile, but she was watching Haruto’s face for a reaction rather nervously.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind, of course. But me?” Haruto tilted his head, wondering what it could be about. For now, he started walking along with Rikka.</p>

      <p>“Did you know the girls’ middle school division is having a school festival at the end of next month?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah.”</p>

      <p>“It’s been decided that there’ll be a play at the festival.”</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, you’re in the drama club, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. My friend asked me to join just to fill a spot, so I barely ever attend.”</p>

      <p>“So you won’t be in the play?”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s actually been decided that I’ll appear in it...” Rikka’s expression fell—she didn’t seem too enthusiastic about it.</p>

      <p>“Oh. What’s the play about?”</p>

      <p>“It’s Cinderella.”</p>

      <p>It was a very famous story—a classic for a school festival.</p>

      <p>“And your role?”</p>

      <p>“...Cinderella.”</p>

      <p>“I see.” Haruto chuckled at the way Rikka looked down in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“I know I don’t suit the role of Cinderella...” Rikka said, even more embarrassed.</p>

      <p>“No, I think it suits you very well,” Rio stated firmly.</p>

      <p>“Th-Thank you.”</p>

      <p>“So what did you want to ask me about?”</p>

      <p>“Umm, well...” It seemed to be a difficult topic to approach, as she was struggling to find her words. “A-Amakawa-senpai, will you play the prince?”</p>

      <p>Rikka resolutely put her question—or rather, her wish—into words.</p>

      <p>“...” Haruto was taken aback. He blinked in silence.</p>

      <p>“Our middle school division is all girls, as you know, so we don’t have any boys to play the part. We discussed having a girl play the prince, but no one seemed to fit the role, which was when your name was brought up...” Rikka added falteringly.</p>

      <p>“Wouldn’t it be bad for an outsider like me to be in it?” Honestly speaking, Haruto felt averse to the idea. But he found it difficult to say no directly, so he tried to take a different approach through the form of a question.</p>

      <p>“I’ve already gotten permission from the club advisor. She teaches in the high school division as well, and she said it’d be fine if it’s you...”</p>

      <p>“Which means I should know this teacher, right?”</p>

      <p>“It’s Mrs. Suzuki from the arts department.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, her.” She was the teacher of his weekly elective class, whom he was rather indebted to.</p>

      <p>“If you can’t do it, she said she could find another boy from the high school division to help out, but I’m kind of scared of having an unknown boy play the prince, and I also think it’d be nice if you were the prince, so...”</p>

      <p><em>Will you become my prince?</em> Rikka looked up at Haruto’s face anxiously as though to ask exactly that.</p>

      <p>“All right... I don’t know if I’ll be able to do it well, but if it’s your wish.”</p>

      <p>There was no way he could shake his head at the adorable sight of his underclassman. Haruto accepted the role of the prince to Rikka’s Cinderella.</p>

      <h2>A Good Bath</h2>

      <p>The night after Rio regained consciousness, during the journey back to the Galarc Castle from the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica, Liselotte was enjoying the bath in the stone house.</p>

      <p>“This is so nice...” She sighed happily, leaning back to look up at the ceiling. She had been beside herself with worry while Rio was unconscious, so she hadn’t been able to appreciate how wonderful the bath in the stone house was until now.</p>

      <p><em>Was the hanging curtain over the changing room door Amakawa-senpai’s way of being playful? It’s like I’ve come to a Japanese hot spring.</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte let out a half-amused, half-delighted giggle. The Rikka side of herself seemed to have risen to the surface, as she was referring to Rio as “Amakawa-senpai” in her heart.</p>

      <p><em>A stone bath sure is nice, though. Maybe I’ll make one the next time I get the chance.</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte thought as she hummed to herself happily.</p>

      <p><em>This cave-like atmosphere is great. It’s like having a private hideaway all to myself.</em></p>

      <p>Liselotte rarely had the opportunity to soak in an exquisite rock bath. Whether it was because she felt inspired or because she was a merchant by occupation, she looked around while thinking about how she wanted to design the interior of her own bath. She could soak forever like this.</p>

      <p><em>I’d like to relax for a little longer, but...</em></p>

      <p>It wasn’t her own bath in her own house, and Rio still hadn’t had a turn yet, so Liselotte decided to get out of the bath early. Once she returned to the changing room and finished changing, she stepped out into the corridor. There, she ran into Rio, who had just left his own room.</p>

      <p>“How was the water?”</p>

      <p>“It was a really good bath. Thank you very much... Amakawa-senpai,” Liselotte replied. The blush on her cheeks probably wasn’t just because of the bath. She finished her sentence with a grin.</p>

      <p>“Right... Can I get you a drink? Something like milk or fruit with milk to drink after your bath?” Rio offered, smiling a little awkwardly. For people with memories of being Japanese, it was a truly tempting proposal.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, please...!” Liselotte gulped and nodded eagerly.</p>

      <h2>Rainy Morning</h2>

      <p>In the Galarc Castle, in the mansion that Francois bestowed Rio...</p>

      <p>Training that morning had been called off due to a night of rain, but Rio woke up at an early hour out of habit. Meanwhile, everyone else had yet to wake up. They had decided to cancel morning training the night before, and Christina and Flora had stayed at the mansion last night, so the girls had held a pajama party...and might’ve stayed up late talking to each other.</p>

      <p><em>Right. I’ll make breakfast today.</em></p>

      <p>Miharu and Orphia were often the ones to make breakfast during morning training, so Rio decided he would make it today. He headed straight for the kitchen.</p>

      <p><em>No one will be moving about without morning training, so should I make something light for everyone? Something simple...</em></p>

      <p>He thought about what to make. After deciding on the menu, he began to cook. He began with the ingredients that needed boiling and the dishes that could be reheated later, and chopped the ingredients of those that needed to be made later. He spent an hour in the kitchen on those preparations before returning to the living room.</p>

      <p><em>There’s nothing left to do...</em></p>

      <p>He sat down on the sofa in the empty living room. Mornings were normally a loud and lively affair with everyone awake, so being alone like this felt oddly lonely. Rio smiled gently, realizing he had gone from being always alone in his school days to becoming completely accustomed to living with others.</p>

      <p>At any rate, he wasn’t sleepy enough to return to his bed and sleep again, so he was left wondering what to do with this free time.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe I’ll drink my tea while reading a book.</em></p>

      <p>He had made some tea on his way out of the kitchen earlier. He glanced at the clock in the room. The tea should be about ready. With that, he poured himself a cup from the teapot. The scent of tea spread throughout the room.</p>

      <p>After enjoying its scent to the fullest, he took a sip of the tea. “Tastes good...”</p>

      <p>“Oh. Is that you, Haruto?” Celia said, entering the living room.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Celia... Princess Christina and Princess Flora too.”</p>

      <p>When he spotted Christina and Flora with Celia, he stood up to greet them respectfully.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Sir Amakawa.”</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Sir Haruto.”</p>

      <p>Christina returned his bow with a curtsey. Flora’s voice was animated with joy.</p>

      <p>“You’re all up early,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“So are you,” replied Celia.</p>

      <p>“Did you sleep well?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, we all slept in the same room last night.”</p>

      <p>“Flora had something she wanted to ask Professor Celia no matter what.”</p>

      <p>“Hehe! I’m glad I was able to talk to Professor Celia so much.” Flora grinned happily.</p>

      <p>“That’s great.”</p>

      <p>“Yep,” Celia nodded. She then looked around the room. “Is everyone still asleep?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I was just waiting for everyone to get up. I’ll bring some more cups over, so please have a seat.”</p>

      <p>Rio stood up and headed to the kitchen.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t this just the best morning, Christina?” Flora said to her older sister. She seemed overjoyed at the opportunity to talk to Rio.</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” Christina chuckled gently.</p>

      <p>After that, the four of them chatted with each other until the others woke up. It was a scene Rio never would have imagined during his days at the Royal Academy.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>