<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 4</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:60908f4b-dc5c-43a9-9dd2-15419ef3bec4" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter024">
<p><a id="page-147"></a>“Shut up,” Amane snapped back desperately. He felt completely transparent when he heard Itsuki laughing in an apparent effort to break the tension.</p>
<p class="space-break">“…I’m gonna die…” Amane groaned, squatting down to catch his breath. He was playing basketball seriously for the first time in a long time and pouring all his energy into it.</p>
<p>His heart was pounding violently.</p>
<p>Even though he had recently started to exercise a little more, he hadn’t yet fully exerted himself like this and hadn’t ever done such a strenuous workout. Coupled with the match, Amane was extremely exhausted.</p>
<p>Amane coughed and slowly tried to get his breath back, but his heart was pounding away and showed no signs of calming down.</p>
<p>During the match, he had accidentally taken a dramatic fall, so his battered body ached and his breathing was ragged. He was having a really hard time.</p>
<p>Even though he had tried not to overdo it, clearly, he’d gotten carried away.</p>
<p><em>I feel like I looked really pathetic out there.</em></p>
<p>He’d fallen right in front of Mahiru. He felt depressed thinking about seeing her afterward in the classroom. Far from showing her how cool he could be, the only thing he’d shown off was how much of a loser he was.</p>
<p>“Amaneee, you okay?” Itsuki asked, crouching down next to his friend to take a look at him. He must have seen Amane squatting off to the side while the teams shook hands.</p>
<p>“…I’m fine, but I’m definitely gonna be sore tomorrow.”</p>
<p>“Ha-ha, that’s because you got a late start on exercising!”</p>
<p>Amane felt a quiet gratitude toward Itsuki, who was rubbing his sore back even as he teased him. He took several deep breaths, and his heart started to calm down.</p>
<p><a id="page-148"></a>His body was burning hot, and it hurt where he had hit the floor, but Amane didn’t regret playing this hard. He figured that pushing himself from time to time was a good thing, even if it wasn’t in his nature.</p>
<p>Amane sucked in one more big breath and decided to go cool off for a bit.</p>
<p class="space-break">After gym class was over, Amane changed clothes and washed his face in the locker room.</p>
<p>Lunch period was next, and everyone else headed out as soon as they finished changing, complaining about being hungry, so Amane was left with a moment of silence.</p>
<p>He had planned to meet Itsuki and the others in the cafeteria, but he felt awkward about facing Mahiru at the moment, so he spent a long time trying to cool his face off with the water. He may have gotten carried away, soaking himself all the way up to his hair, but he was all damp with sweat anyway, and that was probably exactly what he needed to rinse it away.</p>
<p><em>I can’t believe I fell right in front of her.</em></p>
<p>Of all the places he could have fallen, he had done it dramatically, right where Mahiru was standing—he remembered her expression when it happened.</p>
<p>Amane was scowling when he heard quiet footsteps approach from behind.</p>
<p>“Are you all right?”</p>
<p>It was a familiar voice, but one he would rather not have heard now. Amane slowly stopped splashing his face and looked up.</p>
<p>He didn’t want her to see his pitiful expression, so he bit his lip and took a deep breath. Somehow resisting the urge to run away in shame, Amane combed back his wet, clinging hair and turned around.</p>
<p><a id="page-149"></a>“What’s wrong?” he asked, pretending to be calm. “You’re still hanging around here? Not eating lunch?”</p>
<p>He could see that for some reason, Mahiru seemed agitated.</p>
<p>“Oh, no, it’s just…you fell, so I was worried if you were okay… Akazawa told me you were here, so—”</p>
<p>“That Itsuki… You really don’t need to worry; I just banged myself up a little bit, that’s all.”</p>
<p>Mahiru was avoiding making eye contact as she spoke to him, and Amane got the feeling that her angel mask was about to peel off, though he wasn’t sure why. It was perplexing.</p>
<p>She had appeared upset when he’d taken his fall in front of her, but this seemed to be a different sort of agitation.</p>
<p>He tilted his head quizzically. “Shiina?”</p>
<p>“…No, it’s nothing, so don’t worry about it. Also, Fujimiya, that sort of behavior is against the rules, so please don’t do it again.”</p>
<p>“What are you talking about?”</p>
<p>“Anyway, it’s not allowed.”</p>
<p>Once in a while, Mahiru would say something that Amane just didn’t understand, and this time, he was especially puzzled. Mahiru cleared her throat without answering his question, pulled herself together, and stared straight at Amane.</p>
<p>“…Earlier, you were protecting us, weren’t you?”</p>
<p>“You just happened to be standing there, that’s all. I would have taken the hit even if it hadn’t been you that was there.”</p>
<p>Earlier, in gym class, the girls had been poking their heads through the net that roughly divided the gymnasium, so that they could better cheer on the boys. A stray ball had flown perilously close to where the girls had been standing.</p>
<p>Amane had only fallen because he had just barely managed to block the ball that was flying toward the opening in the net.</p>
<p><a id="page-150"></a>Be that as it may, he wanted absolutely no thanks for it, and he would have been grateful, though bruised, if she had just let it go.</p>
<p>“It was nobody’s fault but my own, so you can laugh at me if you want.”</p>
<p>“That would be entirely impossible. I’m really grateful. But…that said, I wish you wouldn’t do such rash things.”</p>
<p>“I couldn’t help it.”</p>
<p>Amane looked away as he dried his face with a towel. When he finished, Mahiru was looking up at him with an exasperated expression.</p>
<p>“…You looked cool out there, but once we get home, let me take a good look at where you fell, okay Amane?”</p>
<p>She spoke in a quiet voice that only Amane, standing at this distance, could have heard. She sounded insistent, like she wasn’t going to let him get away without an examination. In response, Amane averted his eyes without agreeing and grumbled, “I’ll do no such thing.”</p>
<p class="space-break">Despite his attempts at protesting, when they got home, Mahiru forcibly removed his shirt to tend to his injuries.</p>
<p>After she was done, Amane realized that Mahiru had coerced him into getting half naked. He blushed bright red and wasn’t able to make eye contact with her for a while.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>