<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 4</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:60908f4b-dc5c-43a9-9dd2-15419ef3bec4" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter018">
<p>He could also anticipate that afterward, things would get awkward between them, so for the sake of Amane’s sanity and the next day’s mood, he had to use all his willpower to get out of there.</p>
<p>Mahiru was still dozing off, but seemed to be resisting sleep and Amane’s frantic attempts to pacify her.</p>
<p><em>In that case</em>—Amane grabbed the bear from beside her and pushed it against her face.</p>
<p>“This guy says he’ll sleep here instead of me, so relax and go to bed.”</p>
<p>It appeared she had been keeping the stuffed animal close when she slept, so Amane decided to use it to lull her to sleep.</p>
<p>He untangled his fingers from her soft hair and gently, gently whispered good night. Mahiru groaned in an adorable voice and embraced the stuffed bear in front of her.</p>
<p>She looked innocent and childlike, a far cry from her usual prim and proper act, and so sweet that he wanted to caress her again.</p>
<p>She was so charming that he might have spontaneously snapped a picture, if he’d had his smartphone on hand, and he felt relieved that he hadn’t brought anything with him other than the key to his apartment. It would be very inappropriate to photograph a sleeping girl’s face. He knew it was weird to even consider it.</p>
<p>At last, Mahiru’s eyelids, rimmed with long eyelashes, covered the entirety of her eyeballs, and she started breathing peacefully in her sleep.</p>
<p>Amane sighed quietly, careful not to wake her again.</p>
<p><em>…She’s too careless. That was terrifying.</em></p>
<p>Amane knew that she only behaved this way because she was with him. That didn’t change the fact that it was difficult for him to watch the girl he loved let her guard down so completely like that.</p>
<p><a id="page-117"></a>Praising himself for resisting temptation, Amane left Mahiru’s room as silently as he could and walked right out of her apartment.</p>
<p>He knew that it would take quite a bit of time before he was able to sleep that night.</p>
<p class="space-break">“G-good morning…”</p>
<p>“M-morning…”</p>
<p>Inevitably, the next day, the two of them each felt too awkward to look at the other. Mahiru almost never came to his apartment this early, but naturally, given what had happened, she had come over to talk.</p>
<p>Amane had had difficulty falling asleep after everything that had happened yesterday, and it didn’t make it any easier when she suddenly appeared first thing in the morning.</p>
<p>He recalled the pleasant sensation of lying in her lap, the rich fruity scent, and the full softness that had come down on his head in the middle of it. Then the memory of Mahiru’s apartment, which he had basically entered on his own, with permission at least, surfaced in his mind. Her cherubic sleeping face and sweet pleading voice were impossible to forget.</p>
<p>He had spent the night tossing and turning in bed, tortured by how lovely she had looked while hugging the teddy bear.</p>
<p>Writhing in agony, he had just finally managed to go to sleep when morning arrived, but he was awakened by his alarm, resulting in his current state of exhaustion.</p>
<p>Mahiru, on the other hand, looked fresh and had a good complexion, as if she had slept just fine. She seemed very anxious, though, and constantly fidgeted like she was trying hard to conceal her embarrassment.</p>
<p>Amane had been just about to eat breakfast when Mahiru had barged in. Now he was stuck, unsure of how to proceed.</p>
<p><a id="page-118"></a>Her reward had been too exhilarating, and now that he knew that feeling, he found it hard to look at Mahiru directly. To make matters worse, Mahiru didn’t seem to realize what had happened, so feelings of guilt weighed on his chest, in addition to the shame.</p>
<p>“…Wh-what are you doing here in the morning? Oh, I know, you came to get your key back, right? Sorry for taking it home with me.”</p>
<p>“Ah, no, I…well, there is that, but that’s not why I’m here.”</p>
<p>No matter how close they might be, Amane felt it was wrong to take home a girl’s house key. He was already feeling bad about setting foot in her apartment, even though he hadn’t really been able to avoid it.</p>
<p><em>…As I suspected, she’s mad that I saw her bedroom.</em></p>
<p>Amane remembered her room being very neat and tidy, but he couldn’t fault her for being upset that he had rudely taken a look while she was basically unconscious. If he’d happened to see her underwear or something hung up to dry, Mahiru probably wouldn’t have looked at him or spoken to him for a while, and Amane was sure he would have had to avoid her for some time as well.</p>
<p>Thankfully he hadn’t caught sight of anything like that.</p>
<p>“C-can I ask you one thing?” Mahiru inquired.</p>
<p>“Sure.”</p>
<p>“…O-on top of my desk, there should have been a picture frame, but…”</p>
<p>“A picture frame?” Amane asked.</p>
<p>It wouldn’t have been polite to scrutinize her room too closely, so Amane had only taken a quick look around, and he didn’t particularly remember there being one. It sounded like it had been jumbled in with the rest of the stuff on her desk, judging by her tone.</p>
<p>Amane searched his memory but had no recollection of a picture frame, so he figured he had just missed it.</p>
<p><a id="page-119"></a>“No, I didn’t see one, but…did something happen? Did I bump into it and break it, or something?”</p>
<p>“N-no! A-as long as you didn’t see it, that’s fine…if you didn’t see it.”</p>
<p>Apparently, Mahiru had something displayed in a picture frame that he wasn’t supposed to see. Her obvious relief made him kind of wish he had. But it was a matter of privacy, so he wasn’t going to say that out loud.</p>
<p>Mahiru looked like a great weight had been lifted from her shoulders.</p>
<p>Amane scratched his cheek. “I tried not to look at your room too much, you know? All I saw was the lineup of stuffed animals I gave you, and the teddy bear by your pillow that you sleep with…”</p>
<p>“Forget you saw that!” Mahiru slapped Amane’s arm softly.</p>
<p>“But you already told me about it…,” Amane answered without thinking.</p>
<p>Mahiru glared at him. “Don’t tell me I was hugging the stuffed animal while you were there.”</p>
<p>“…You were half asleep, and you demanded that I sleep there with you, which I wasn’t about to do, so instead, I brought you the bear to sleep with.”</p>
<p>“Sleep there with me?!”</p>
<p>Mahiru looked shocked, like she couldn’t believe her own words. Gradually, her whole face turned red.</p>
<p><em>She must not want to believe she said something like that when she was half asleep…</em></p>
<p>“D-did I really say something like that?!”</p>
<p>“N-not only did you say it, you actually called my name and patted the space beside you…like you were telling me to climb into the same bed…”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>