<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 4</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:60908f4b-dc5c-43a9-9dd2-15419ef3bec4" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter020">
<p><a id="page-121"></a>“Aaugh!”</p>
<p>Mahiru put her hands on her cheeks and made a pathetic noise. Her face was bright red, and her eyes were wavering like she might cry.</p>
<p>“N-no way, I don’t usually have such…thoughts! I just, um, I…felt relaxed since you were around, so…it’s not that I really had any untoward desires…it must have been something like I wanted your b-body heat, that’s it.”</p>
<p>“What’s that supposed to mean?”</p>
<p>“Please don’t ask me anymore!”</p>
<p>It was truly rare for Mahiru to raise her voice, and she was breathing hard as she sharply turned away.</p>
<p>For once, Amane was the calm one. “F-fine, I don’t really understand why you’re so upset, but I’m not going to pry. Just be careful from now on. You were half asleep, but I did more or less get your permission before I took you home. But if you hadn’t woken up, I was going to have to put you to bed in my room.”</p>
<p>“…That would have been fine.”</p>
<p>“What did you say?”</p>
<p>“Nothing.”</p>
<p>Amane could tell that she had said something quietly, but he hadn’t been able to make out Mahiru’s mumbling. It seemed like it wasn’t meant for him to hear.</p>
<p>“Anyway, you’ve got to understand that no matter how much of a trusted friend I am, I can’t just let you sleep here. If you try it again, I’ll have no choice but to use you as a body pillow when I sleep, no joke.”</p>
<p>Though he had just made quite a bold claim, Amane knew that he wouldn’t get any rest if something like that happened. He was just trying to warn Mahiru against being so careless. There were a few people she really trusted, but he still thought she ought to be more cautious, even around those companions.</p>
<p><a id="page-122"></a>In response to Amane’s slightly critical tone, Mahiru blinked dramatically, then put on a faint smile.</p>
<p>“Says the same Amane who fell asleep so easily in my lap. You’ve dozed off in my lap twice now, you know?”</p>
<p>“Th-that’s a different conversation. It’s a completely different matter for a guy to fall asleep in front of a member of the opposite sex than for a girl to do it. I wouldn’t be in any danger.”</p>
<p>“…Even though you don’t know for sure that I won’t do anything?”</p>
<p>“Would you?”</p>
<p>“Let me think… Maybe I would take your picture or something, as a joke.”</p>
<p>Amane grew weak as Mahiru looked at him smugly, as if to say, <em>“What do you think about that?”</em> but Mahiru didn’t seem to notice.</p>
<p>“…I wouldn’t really care, but now I’m going to have to check your phone.”</p>
<p>“And what if I saved it on the cloud before you realized, and then deleted it from my phone?</p>
<p>“Stop talking about it. I’m starting to believe you might try and it’s freaking me out. Also, my ‘doing something’ and your ‘doing something’ are different matters, so seriously, be more careful.” Amane grabbed her shoulders and spoke soberly. “You’re not understanding me at all.”</p>
<p>Mahiru looked surprised, but didn’t pull away, and didn’t avert her eyes, either. “I understand perfectly well. It’s fine.”</p>
<p>“You really don’t. Not even a little.”</p>
<p>“How rude! I said I do. I think you’re underestimating me.”</p>
<p>“If you understood, you wouldn’t be doing these things.”</p>
<p>“…You still need work, Amane.”</p>
<p>Amane frowned, not sure why she was getting so frustrated with him, but Mahiru just sighed softly, slipped out of his grasp, and headed for the hallway.</p>
<p><a id="page-123"></a>In Mahiru’s hand was the house key that she had come to collect, which she must have grabbed without him noticing. He had left it on the tray on top of his shoe cubby in the entryway of his apartment.</p>
<p>“You have some thinking to do, Amane,” she said as she left his apartment.</p>
<p>Amane thought that she might just as well direct that line at herself. Holding his forehead, he grumbled, “Which one of us doesn’t understand?”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>