<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 4</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:60908f4b-dc5c-43a9-9dd2-15419ef3bec4" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter004">
<p><a id="page-12"></a>“I read it in a book.”</p>
<p>Yuuta seemed amused at reciting something he saw in a book once and passing it off as if speaking from his own experience. He laughed playfully and clapped Amane on the shoulder. “Well, you’re tall, Fujimiya, so you’d look good if you filled out a little, looked a little more balanced, you know? It would be a waste not to cultivate the good features you were born with.”</p>
<p>“…I’ll try my best.”</p>
<p>“You’ve got Yuuta to help you with the physical part, and me for the emotional part,” Itsuki said. “The dream team!”</p>
<p>“I’m a little apprehensive about your advice…”</p>
<p>“How rude!”</p>
<p>“Just kidding… I trust you, somewhat.”</p>
<p>“This guy just can’t be honest with his feelings.”</p>
<p>Itsuki ribbed Amane with his elbow. Amane deliberately ignored his very existence and shifted his gaze back to Yuuta, who was smiling beside him.</p>
<p>Amane had already tried on and chosen some shoes, as well as the other things he needed. Figuring they would be in the way if they lingered too long in the store, he held up the merchandise in his hands to suggest that they hurry to the cashier.</p>
<p>“Kadowaki, should we go pay?”</p>
<p>“I guess you could. I thought I might get some new running wear, too.”</p>
<p>“Isn’t it a little cruel to ignore me, guys?”</p>
<p>Itsuki knew what they were up to, and shouted after them in a slightly disheartened voice as they headed for the registers. Amane and Yuuta looked at each other and laughed a little.</p>
<p class="space-break">“…So what that means is, I’m going to do a little more exercise, so that will probably increase the amount of time I’m out of the house.”</p>
<p><a id="page-13"></a>After getting home and devouring the entire dinner that Mahiru had made, Amane told her that he was going to be around the house less often.</p>
<p>Although his training would be something he did by himself, he figured that it would inconvenience her if he didn’t say anything, since they spent a lot of time together and since she was in charge of fixing dinner.</p>
<p>Mahiru, who was relaxing comfortably on the sofa after dinner as usual, widened her caramel-colored eyes in slight surprise at Amane’s words.</p>
<p>“I’ll adjust the menu to account for exercise, but…this is quite sudden. Exercising is good, but what prompted this?”</p>
<p>“…I guess I just wanted to improve myself a little more, as a guy,” Amane deflected.</p>
<p>Naturally, there was no way he could tell her openly that it was because he wanted her approval, or that he wanted to look as good as she did, or that he wanted her to find him attractive.</p>
<p>Mahiru’s laughing rang like a clear and beautiful bell. “My goodness, that’s a line I never thought I’d hear from the Amane who was living a slovenly life until half a year ago.”</p>
<p>“Come on, don’t make fun of me… There’s no harm in focusing more on my studies, my fitness, or my appearance.”</p>
<p>“Well, that’s true, but…”</p>
<p>Amane let his eyes wander. Mahiru’s gaze implied that she was surprised to hear something like this coming from him, but she didn’t seem like she was going to question him any further.</p>
<p>Mahiru had an exasperated but somewhat charming smile, and she poked Amane’s cheek with her fingertip teasingly.</p>
<p>“…Just don’t overdo it, all right? You’re an overachiever, Amane. I know that once you decide to do something, you follow through, so please ask someone for help if it looks like you might get carried away.”</p>
<p><a id="page-14"></a>“I’m not worried about that. I’ve got a trainer.”</p>
<p>“Kadowaki?”</p>
<p>“He’s not an actual instructor, but he can teach me all sorts of basic things.”</p>
<p>“I guess that makes me your personal chef. I’ll think carefully about nutritional balance when I make your meals.”</p>
<p>If Amane was going to start exercising and getting in shape, then naturally he would need to change his diet, too. Since he was already skinny, he knew he needed to put on some weight, which meant eating more in general. That in turn meant more work for Mahiru.</p>
<p>Amane knew he depended on Mahiru for most of his meals, so he felt bad about asking even more from her, but she accepted the challenge without so much as a sour look.</p>
<p>“Sorry for causing you all sorts of trouble.”</p>
<p>“No, if you’ve made up your mind, I’ll be glad to help and cheer you on, but…you mustn’t forget that first we have exams to get through, all right?”</p>
<p>“I haven’t forgotten. I’ve been reviewing every day.”</p>
<p>“That’s great.”</p>
<p>Amane couldn’t summon the willpower to shake her off as she patted his head and praised him in a soft voice that oozed sweetness.</p>
<p>But he also had mixed feelings about not putting up any resistance, so he shot her a slightly reproachful look.</p>
<p>“…Don’t make fun of me. I’m perfectly capable of balancing my studies with my training.”</p>
<p>Amane was earnest by nature and took his classes seriously. He was the type who could mostly grasp the material just by sitting through the lesson. Since he also never failed to review and prepare at home, he basically had no worries when it came to academics.</p>
<p>He wouldn’t be neglecting his studies just by diverting a little of that energy to exercise. In fact, he intended to get more serious about <a id="page-15"></a>his studies as well. He was determined not to fall behind in either department, lest he fail to keep up with Mahiru.</p>
<p>“You’ll tire yourself out doing that. Shall I pamper you once for good luck?”</p>
<p>“Look here—”</p>
<p>“Well, should you ever request it, I’ll pamper you any time, so—” Mahiru patted her chest reassuringly and smiled.</p>
<p>The memory of burying his face in the soft flesh there the other day made Amane press his lips together.</p>
<p>Mahiru had only embraced him in an attempt to console him when he seemed down, but it was the sort of gesture that had particular significance to a boy of his age. At the time, he had been so caught up in his emotions that he had been more preoccupied with the kindness she had shown him than the physical sensations of the embrace.</p>
<p>Next time, Amane knew he would take in and savor the feeling of her body. Precisely because he was aware of how shameless that would be, he wanted to refrain.</p>
<p>“…It’s frightening how you seem willing to do anything I ask,” he muttered.</p>
<p>“I mean, if it’s something I’m able to do, I’ll do what I can. Of course, I expect to be repaid, though.”</p>
<p>“I think I would feel even worse if you did all sorts of things for me without any expectation of repayment.”</p>
<p>“But when it comes to acts of selfless love and altruism, in most cases, a sense of emotional satisfaction is pretty much the only compensation, right?”</p>
<p>“Incidentally, how do you want me to thank you?”</p>
<p>“…I’d like you to listen to a request of mine.”</p>
<p>This was Mahiru, so Amane wasn’t expecting her to ask for money or anything, but he snickered unintentionally at the sweet way she asked for such vague restitution.</p>
<p><a id="page-16"></a>“Sure, as long as it’s something I’m able to do. Any kind of fair exchange.”</p>
<p>“My request is pretty selfish.”</p>
<p>“Somehow I doubt that.”</p>
<p>“It really is… You can only say that because you don’t know the true extent of my selfishness.”</p>
<p>“All right, let’s hear it, then. What’s your request?” Amane figured that if she was making such a big deal about it, it must be something major. He was curious to know what a big request from Mahiru might be.</p>
<p>Mahiru’s face stiffened slightly.</p>
<p>When Amane stared directly into her pretty caramel-colored eyes, wondering what on earth she was about to say, she started to let her gaze wander.</p>
<p>Amane couldn’t make out whether Mahiru’s wish was truly something so significant that she was hesitant to say it out loud, or if she was just putting on an act.</p>
<p>He stared intently at her as her cheeks gradually reddened.</p>
<p>“Well…”</p>
<p>“Yes?”</p>
<p>“Umm, it’s…”</p>
<p>“It’s…?”</p>
<p>“…A-Amane, I want you to pat my head, too.”</p>
<p>Without meaning to, Amane smiled stiffly at Mahiru, who had started to say something else, and helplessly made that desperate plea in her panic to avoid voicing her original request.</p>
<p>“Is that what you’re going with? There was something else you were about to say, wasn’t there?”</p>
<p>“It’s fine.”</p>
<p>He was curious to know what she had been about to say, but <a id="page-17"></a>thought it would put her in a bad mood if he pressed anymore, so he left it there and extended a hand.</p>
<p>He did pat her head occasionally, but it was rare for Mahiru herself to ask for it. He would do this sort of thing anytime she asked without expecting anything in return, and in fact, he very much enjoyed it, so long as Mahiru didn’t hate it. But he did find it adorable that she had humbly asked for it out loud.</p>
<p>The tension visibly left Mahiru’s face as Amane stroked her head just as she had requested.</p>
<p>“I don’t know what part of this is supposed to be selfish, though.”</p>
<p>“It <em>is</em> selfish. Because I want you to touch me more.”</p>
<p>“Touch you?”</p>
<p>Amane’s movements stiffened. Before he noticed her moving, Mahiru was looking up at him with her usual soft face and glistening eyes.</p>
<p>“I like it when you touch me, Amane. I don’t usually enjoy making physical contact with people, but I think your hands feel nice.”</p>
<p>“Is that…so?”</p>
<p>Mahiru seemed oblivious to the implications of what she’d just said. She was wearing her usual gentle expression as she nudged closer to him, pleadingly.</p>
<p>As the distance between them narrowed, Amane could smell her sweet scent more clearly, and his heartbeat inevitably quickened.</p>
<p><em>…I think this girl might be trying to kill me.</em></p>
<p>Any normal guy would count himself lucky to hear the girl he liked say that she wanted him to touch her; he’d probably go ahead and do it, knowing what he was getting into.</p>
<p>Amane was a healthy young man, and the invitation was very tempting, but he also knew that Mahiru was so affectionate with him because of how deeply she trusted him.</p>
<p><a id="page-18"></a>“You don’t touch me often, Amane, but when you do, you do it in a way that’s gentle and thoughtful, don’t you? It’s really calming, and it feels nice. I think you emit a soothing aura or something.”</p>
<p>Mahiru was probably teasing Amane, at least a little.</p>
<p>“…It’s not all that relaxing for me, you know. You’re a girl, Mahiru, so it’s not like I can touch you thoughtlessly.”</p>
<p>“I don’t mind.”</p>
<p>“I do. Let me try telling you to touch me; I bet you’ll feel uncomfortable.”</p>
<p>He cautioned against it a little too strongly—deep down, he was still feeling insecure about the fact that she didn’t seem to think of him as a real man.</p>
<p>In response, he got a placid smile and the question, “…Will you touch me?”</p>
<p>It felt like she was carelessly trying to provoke him. Against his better judgment, he pinched Mahiru’s squishy cheeks. In a sense, he did touch her as asked, but the dissatisfaction on Mahiru’s face was evident.</p>
<p>“Come on, I won’t mention it outside this apartment, and I won’t ask the same of anyone but you, Amane…”</p>
<p>“Absolutely not, don’t be ridiculous.”</p>
<p>Amane didn’t mean it that way, but his answer came out almost in a growl, filled with emotion. He was flustered, hearing words that she would only say to him.</p>
<p>Amane was frantically trying to get ahold of himself and all the unspeakable thoughts that were filling his mind. He cupped Mahiru’s hands in his. That was as much touching as he could allow himself.</p>
<p>Mahiru blinked, fluttering her long eyelashes, and gave Amane a gentle smile that looked just a little embarrassed. He could clearly see relief and happiness in her expression, which made him feel embarrassed, too.</p>
<p><a id="page-19"></a>“…You feel warm. Speaking of, sometimes you get really warm.”</p>
<p>“…I’ll let go this instant.”</p>
<p>“No, don’t. As I expected, your hands are warm, and big, and rugged…very different from mine.”</p>
<p>“You’re small, and dainty, and delicate, so I feel anxious touching you.”</p>
<p>“I won’t break that easily. Besides, when you touch me, you’re always gentle. I can tell right away that you would absolutely never hurt me.”</p>
<p>“…I’d never be rough with any girl.”</p>
<p>Amane was absolutely sure that he would never knowingly hurt the girl he wanted to cherish forever. To him, she was someone very delicate who he wanted to protect from harm.</p>
<p>Even though he knew she wasn’t fragile, he carefully stroked the back of Mahiru’s hand as if he was touching a fragile piece of porcelain, and she narrowed her caramel-colored eyes as if it tickled.</p>
<p>“…That’s exactly why I trust you and why I’m asking you to touch me.” Mahiru smiled.</p>
<p>She was overwhelmingly lovely, and, suppressing the urge to embrace her right then and there and make her his, Amane mirrored her smile.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>