<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 4</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:60908f4b-dc5c-43a9-9dd2-15419ef3bec4" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter031">
<p><a id="page-214"></a>“You were never that close, right?! You just recently started eating lunch together?!”</p>
<p>“What is it?! What is it that she likes about you?!”</p>
<p>“I can’t understand it at all!”</p>
<p>Amane faced this rapid barrage of questions with a glassy look in his eyes. Honestly, he had expected some manner of cross-examination, but under the scrutiny of the other boys, he wasn’t even going to have time to eat lunch.</p>
<p>The boys weren’t the only ones reacting to the news. The girls in his class weren’t taking part in the interrogating, but they were shooting him looks, evaluating him, seeming somewhat amused and relieved.</p>
<p>It was probably because Mahiru, the most popular girl in class, now only had eyes for him. Their looks of appraisal were attempts to figure out what kind of person Mahiru had given her heart to.</p>
<p>Amane, who was the focus of attention throughout the classroom, was extremely uncomfortable.</p>
<p>Mahiru herself was absent—she’d gone to buy a sports drink from a vending machine. Itsuki and Yuuta wore troubled smiles as they watched the energetic crowd from a short distance away, and Chitose was enjoying the spectacle with some degree of excitement.</p>
<p>Suppressing the urge to curse his friends for being so insensitive, Amane faced the crowd, doing his best to remain composed in front of his classmates. If he wasn’t going to be able to run away anymore, he would have to accept his fate.</p>
<p>Besides, it wasn’t like he could disregard Mahiru’s feelings. He couldn’t ignore the step that Mahiru had taken or the hand that she had extended to him.</p>
<p>He still wasn’t especially confident, but even so, he didn’t want to dismiss Mahiru’s bravery in announcing her feelings publicly. With all that in mind, Amane slowly opened his mouth to speak.</p>
<p><a id="page-215"></a>“I can’t answer your questions if you shout them all at once,” he said, “so at least ask one at a time.”</p>
<p>Amane figured that in any case, it would be better to tell the truth from his own mouth than to have people spread rumors willy-nilly, so he steeled his nerves and looked straight at them. The other boys winced.</p>
<p>They hadn’t expected Amane to take a proactive stance and open up. It would probably be more accurate to say they hadn’t wanted to imagine it.</p>
<p>“…Since when have you been good friends with Shiina?”</p>
<p>“Since last year,” Amane answered with as little enthusiasm as possible. He knew that he would have to confess that he was the mystery man who was with Mahiru, a fact which he had previously hidden.</p>
<p>“Huh? Ah, then tell me, the guy we heard rumors about, who was with her at the shrine visit and over Golden Week, was he…?’</p>
<p>“…Me, yeah.”</p>
<p>Once he admitted that, it should have been easy for his classmates to make the connection between the “important person” who Mahiru had mentioned before with the “important person” she had just revealed.</p>
<p>Just then, the girl who had apparently seen them on their holiday outing turned to look at Amane, and he looked away uncomfortably.</p>
<p>He felt a little bummed that everyone knew he was the mystery man now, but Mahiru had said that she thought he looked cool, so he was happy enough with that for now.</p>
<p>Amane keenly felt the scrutinizing looks grow more intense as he looked out over the crowd of classmates with the calmest expression he could possibly muster.</p>
<p>“H-how did you become friends?”</p>
<p>“Yeah, you hardly ever interacted! But the real question is why did you pretend to be strangers at first?”</p>
<p><a id="page-216"></a>“Well, we live in the same neighborhood, so that’s how we know each other,” Amane explained. “And the reason why we acted like strangers was because I knew that people would make a fuss just like you’re doing now and probably ask a bunch of prying questions.”</p>
<p>There was a wave of understanding and sympathetic murmurs from the crowd when he pointed that out. He hadn’t said anything because he knew they would react like this. Still, someone must have been unhappy with the idea of their friendship and grumbled, “I don’t get it…”</p>
<p>Amane didn’t particularly want them to understand, so he let it go.</p>
<p>“…So, Fujimiya, you’re dating Shiina?”</p>
<p>One of his classmates asked the question that was probably on everybody’s mind.</p>
<p>Amane smiled calmly.</p>
<p>“We are close, and I’m confident that we’re each important to the other, but we’re not dating. I just wish we were.”</p>
<p>He wasn’t going to use the word <em>love</em>.</p>
<p>After everything that had happened, he only wanted to say that word to the person it was meant for. Truthfully, the scope of his affection for her included many feelings that couldn’t all be conveyed by a simple phrase. However, if he wanted to be straightforward, the best way to do it was to say those words to her.</p>
<p>He felt like he was attending his own public execution, but he was at ease knowing there was no need to hide anymore and that he had been able to be outwardly honest.</p>
<p>“But you said that you weren’t interested in the angel.”</p>
<p>“That wasn’t a lie. I have no interest in any angel. Because the one I have eyes for is a girl, named Mahiru Shiina.”</p>
<p>The person Amane loved wasn’t an angel who was brilliant in both academics and sports, with an attractive face and figure, who <a id="page-217"></a>was reserved and ladylike and extremely popular. The person he loved more than anyone else was a girl who worked hard, who was lonely because of her bad habit of pushing other people away, who was highly wary, yet extremely vulnerable when she let her guard down—just an ordinary girl, who was wonderful in a completely normal way.</p>
<p>He loved her, not as the angel, but for everything she was inside. To Amane, the heavenly mask that Mahiru wore held no interest at all.</p>
<p>In response to Amane’s decisive statement, one of the more assertive boys made an astonished face. With his eyebrows raised, he began to open his mouth to speak.</p>
<p>“Please don’t torment him too much, okay?”</p>
<p>The boy froze before he could say anything.</p>
<p>Amane’s savior was the other individual at the center of the scandal—Mahiru. She had just returned to the classroom holding a sports drink that was damp with condensation.</p>
<p>When she made eye contact with Amane, Mahiru smiled gently.</p>
<p>“Amane will be troubled if he’s not able to eat lunch during the afternoon break.”</p>
<p>Mahiru called him by his first name, something only a close friend would do. She clearly had no intention of hiding their relationship any longer.</p>
<p>She showed no signs of being bothered by anyone’s gawking—boys and girls alike. Seeming to have run out of patience, the same assertive boy stepped toward her.</p>
<p>The crowd made way for him, sensing that he was going to speak for everybody and ask the questions they all wanted the answers to. Amane’s cross-examination was on hold for the moment.</p>
<p>“Shiina! Is Fujimiya your ‘important person’?” asked the boy.</p>
<p>“Amane is very important me, yes.”</p>
<p>Mahiru had on the same gentle expression as she answered decisively.</p>
<p><a id="page-218"></a>The boy flinched for a second when she plastered on her flawless angel smile, but he must have felt the pressure of the crowd behind him, because he continued, albeit a little less forcefully.</p>
<p>“S-so then, um…does that mean that you…like him?”</p>
<p>“Supposing that I do, what would you have to say about it?”</p>
<p>“W-well, it’s just…um, if you were going to fall in love…I want to know, why Fujimiya?”</p>
<p>“Why Fujimiya?”</p>
<p>“Ah, well, um, the idea that boring old Fujimiya is dating you, Shiina, it just feels wrong. There are better guys out there!”</p>
<p>“Is that so?”</p>
<p>Amane stared off into space, anticipating trouble. He knew that the boy had inadvertently just set off a land mine.</p>
<p>Mahiru hated it when Amane put himself down. She also said that she hated his unfairly given poor reputation. Which meant that she hated it when other people talked badly about him.</p>
<p>Amane knew that most of his classmates thought he was a very dull person. Unlike when he was with Mahiru, he never really showed his true personality at school. So he thought it was a fair judgment.</p>
<p>But when it came to whether Mahiru would be able to accept that appraisal, that was a different matter.</p>
<p>The look on Mahiru’s face did not change. It was the same angelic smile she always wore at school.</p>
<p>But the tension in the air around her was palpable. There was a dangerous glint in her caramel-colored eyes, faint enough that someone close to her would just barely be able to make it out.</p>
<p>“Well, um—”</p>
<p>“And exactly what about him is so boring?”</p>
<p>“Ah, well—”</p>
<p>“Would you please tell me, specifically, what about him is unsatisfactory?”</p>
<p><a id="page-219"></a>“Like, his attitude, and his l-l-looks, and—”</p>
<p>“Do you choose who you love based on their face?</p>
<p>“N-no, but—”</p>
<p>“Do you fall in love with people based only on their physical appearance? Will you select your future long-term partner based on how pretty they look?”</p>
<p>As she spoke, Mahiru was still wearing her angelic smile. Despite the friendly expression, Amane could feel tension radiating off of her. He could tell that Mahiru was getting angry.</p>
<p>Amane could feel the irritation even from a distance, so the boy she was staring down probably felt like he was drowning in it.</p>
<p>Indeed, he seemed to have sensed that she was displeased, even as she continued smiling.</p>
<p>Amane could only see the boy’s back, but he could tell that his classmate was almost cowering.</p>
<p>“W-well…”</p>
<p>“Actually, in the first place, I don’t think you have any right to tell anyone why they can or cannot fall in love with someone else.”</p>
<p>The words that came from Mahiru’s lips, which were still in a gentle smile, had a sharpness to them that contrasted with her mild tone.</p>
<p>She was still smiling, but she was angry enough that now everyone, not just Amane, could tell.</p>
<p>“I’ve been a little too harsh, haven’t I?” she said. “My apologies.”</p>
<p>Mahiru saw that her classmate had become speechless, and she finally eased up a little, giving him an annoyed yet gentle smile. The boy confronting her seemed quite flustered once he realized that he had made Mahiru, who was always mild-mannered and cheerful, quite annoyed.</p>
<p>“I’ll take the liberty to correct your statements. Amane is a kind and attractive person. I also think that his quiet, warm presence is <a id="page-220"></a>simply wonderful. Besides that, he is very gentlemanly, and he always treats me with utmost respect. He’s a wonderful person. He supports me when I’m having a hard time and is deeply considerate of my feelings. And at least he never badmouths anyone or tries to get in the way of someone else’s romance.”</p>
<p>Those words she added at the end were the finishing blow—she had more or less declared that she could never love someone like the boy who had said disparaging things about Amane to her face.</p>
<p>“Is there anything more that you wish to say?”</p>
<p>With a sweet smile, she cocked her head and prompted him for a reply.</p>
<p>The classmate had obviously had enough. He shook his head, and said in a halting and vanishingly small voice, “N-no, there’s nothing,” then backed away from Mahiru on unsteady feet.</p>
<p>Free from obstructions, Mahiru’s gaze landed on Amane.</p>
<p>She had basically announced her love for him in front of all their classmates, and his face stiffened as he wondered how he ought to profess his feelings to her. Mahiru was wearing the best smile he had seen on her yet that day.</p>
<p>It was completely different from her angelic smile—it was the sweet smile full of joy that she showed him at home.</p>
<p>“Let’s eat lunch together, Amane.”</p>
<p>“…Yeah.”</p>
<p>No more boys stepped up to interrogate him.</p>
<p class="space-break">“…Mahiru really had a lot to say, huh?” Amane mumbled. He had gathered with his classmates to prepare for the cavalry battle, several events after the start of the afternoon program.</p>
<p>“I think it’s a shame it had to happen like that,” Yuuta said.</p>
<p>Amane furrowed his eyebrows at Yuuta’s comment.</p>
<p><a id="page-221"></a>The two of them were standing some ways away from the tent because it was annoying to be stared at.</p>
<p>People were still looking his way, but it was at least a little better with some distance.</p>
<p>Yuuta’s words implied that Amane should have been the one to make the first move. Amane had no way to refute him.</p>
<p>“I think I get it, but…were Fujimiya and Shiina really that close?” Makoto asked curiously. He seemed a little suspicious of Amane and Mahiru’s relationship.</p>
<p>“Mm, honestly, I wondered why they weren’t already dating!” Yuuta replied. “If anything, I’m impressed that Shiina was able to hold out this long.”</p>
<p>“She really hid it well. Which is understandable, seeing the uproar today at lunch. That was awful, huh?”</p>
<p>Makoto looked at Amane with pity.</p>
<p>Makoto and Kazuya had been in the classroom, but as one might expect, they hadn’t been able to speak to Amane while he was being surrounded and questioned. Amane didn’t mind, since he wasn’t very good friends with them, but he would have appreciated a little help from Itsuki or Yuuta, at least.</p>
<p>“That was really something else. Those guys looked so pathetic, but man, it felt good to watch Shiina shut them all down,” Kazuya remarked.</p>
<p>“They looked miserable, but I think maybe from their perspective, it was just too hard to believe…”</p>
<p>“Hmm, you think so? But a guy ought to tell the girl he likes how he feels to her face, right? So it’s pretty difficult to pine after somebody when you’re not willing to make a move. Just wishing you could have whatever you want without taking any risks, and then whining about it when you don’t get your way…it’s childish. And then to insult Fujimiya on top of it all? Beyond pathetic.”</p>
<p><a id="page-222"></a>Amane couldn’t help but groan. The idea that a man should confess his feelings affected Amane quite deeply.</p>
<p>“Kazuya, something you said is bothering Fujimiya…”</p>
<p>“Well, from what I can see, Fujimiya was already pretty irritated.”</p>
<p>“That’s because Shiina expressed her feelings first, you see.”</p>
<p>That much was obvious.</p>
<p>Now that things had gone so far, neither Amane nor Mahiru could avoid the truth any longer. There was no question that Mahiru liked Amane.</p>
<p>However, it was clear that the kind of man who sat back without doing anything must have absolutely no self-respect.</p>
<p>Since Mahiru had expressed her feelings directly, Amane knew he would have to respond the same way. He’d known what he wanted to say to her for a long time already; it was just a matter of how to say it.</p>
<p>“I’m planning to tell her properly after we get home. I won’t say anything at school.”</p>
<p>He felt he should tell her when they were alone, when he could have her all to himself.</p>
<p>Mahiru had already made a public confession, but even so, at least when it came time for them to convey their feelings to each other, Amane was resolved to do it more privately.</p>
<p>Kazuya turned to him with a satisfied-looking smile. “Mm, that’s the spirit. But first, we’ve got some opponents to kick around in the cavalry battle. They’re definitely going to come for us!”</p>
<p>For some reason, Kazuya was grinning gleefully, and Amane gave a strained smile back.</p>
<p>Makoto, the one who would be riding on all their shoulders, grumbled wearily, “Don’t you think I’ve got too much responsibility here?” But he sounded more resigned than upset, which was a bit of a relief. “You just follow Kazuya’s example, all right, Fujimiya? Really give ’em a good beating.”</p>
<p><a id="page-223"></a>“I’ll handle it.”</p>
<p>Amane knew that he was supposed to be fired up and full of manly vigor, ready to fight back any competitors for Mahiru’s attention.</p>
<p><em>I’ll tell her everything once we get home.</em></p>
<p>For that reason and more, Amane hoped he would make it through the afternoon in one piece. The other three boys looked at each other and smiled.</p>
<p class="space-break">“That was awful…”</p>
<p>After rinsing off what felt like a cloud of dust in the bath, Amane flopped down on the sofa with the feeling of fatigue that always followed vigorous exercise.</p>
<p>Sure enough, the opposing teams had hit them hard during the cavalry battle. But it wasn’t a surprise that they would be particularly aggressive toward Amane’s team. Still, it had caused a lot of trouble for Yuuta and the others.</p>
<p>But Kazuya had gleefully exclaimed, “Now this is youth!” wearing a warlike grin, so it seemed like he enjoyed that kind of fierce competition.</p>
<p>In the end, Amane’s team had not been able to hold out in the face of the white team’s terrible attacks, but thanks to the strenuous efforts of Makoto, who had been on top, they had nevertheless managed to snatch many more of the other team’s headbands than Amane had expected.</p>
<p>Makoto had been the one doing all the work, but Amane had seen Mahiru, watching from the sideline, smiling at him.</p>
<p>Just like that, the afternoon program ended. Then came the closing ceremony, followed by the customary cleanup after the event.</p>
<p>Now Amane was home.</p>
<p>In a lot of ways, the day had been too much to handle, and Amane was already physically and emotionally exhausted. But it wasn’t over just yet.</p>
<p><a id="page-224"></a><em>…I have to tell her.</em></p>
<p>Mahiru had been brave enough to make her relationship with Amane public; she had chosen to associate herself with him.</p>
<p>He felt like if he failed to respond to her feelings and put off saying anything, he would be a disgrace to all men.</p>
<p><em>I wonder how I should say it.</em></p>
<p>Amane had made up his mind, but he was still plagued by hesitation and indecision. It was the first time in his life that he was going to earnestly confess his love for someone, so undoubtedly, he was terrified.</p>
<p>He worried whether the atmosphere was romantic enough for a girl like Mahiru and pondered how he should communicate his feelings so that she would be happy to hear them. No answers seemed to come as the questions swirled around and around in his mind.</p>
<p>Amane pressed his fingers to his forehead, thinking over the possibilities, when—from the front door, he heard a key in the lock.</p>
<p>The sound made him jump because it signaled that the girl occupying his thoughts, who held the spare key to his apartment, was coming to visit.</p>
<p>It was the first time that sound coming from the entryway had set his nerves on edge.</p>
<p>The door closed, and he heard it lock.</p>
<p>Then he heard the echo of slippers walking across the floor, like little breaths of air, and…a familiar girl with flaxen hair appeared in the hallway.</p>
<p>“Amane.”</p>
<p>Her light-pink lips were curved gently upward in a tender smile, even sweeter than usual, as though she hadn’t been bothered in the slightest by the uproar at school. Amane felt his heartbeat quicken.</p>
<p>Whether she knew how agitated he was or not, Mahiru sat down beside him, as she always did.</p>
<p><a id="page-225"></a>There was no more than a hand’s breadth of distance between them.</p>
<p>When Mahiru straightened herself up, her hair moved in gentle waves, carrying the sweet smell of her soap. Like Amane, she had taken a bath to wash off all the sweat. If he looked carefully, he could see that her milky white skin was even smoother and cleaner than usual.</p>
<p>Amane’s whole body grew tense as Mahiru gave him a refreshing smile.</p>
<p>“Amane, I’m sure you probably have lots of things you want to say to me, and things you want to ask, but…could I ask you to let me say one thing first?”</p>
<p>“S-sure?”</p>
<p>Amane put up his guard, wondering what it could be all of a sudden. Mahiru bowed her head.</p>
<p>“I feel guilty for putting you on the spot and putting you through what I imagine was some very unpleasant attention, Amane. I’m so sorry.”</p>
<p>“Huh?”</p>
<p>“…Well, you see,” she continued uneasily, “I sort of…knew that would happen.”</p>
<p>Amane understood what she had been anxious about. Mahiru knew how influential she was; that was precisely why she was always so careful about the way she presented herself.</p>
<p>So when Mahiru had declared in public that Amane was her “important person,” it had been obvious that her announcement would cause a scene, and yet she had done it anyway, knowing the consequences.</p>
<p>“W-well, I more or less already figured that you knew what would happen when you did it, so—”</p>
<p>“You’re not angry?”</p>
<p><a id="page-226"></a>“I’m not.”</p>
<p>“I see, thank goodness.”</p>
<p>If anything, as far as Amane was concerned, he’d finally made up his mind precisely because Mahiru had taken the initiative. And now he knew her level of commitment, so he wasn’t upset with her at all.</p>
<p>Besides, Amane had also prepared himself to confess his feelings for Mahiru.</p>
<p>He took a deep breath and stared into Mahiru’s eyes. They were even clearer and calmer than usual, and gentle enough to make him catch his breath.</p>
<p>“Can I apologize for something, too?” he asked.</p>
<p>“For what?”</p>
<p>“…I’m sorry I’ve been so cowardly.”</p>
<p>Before he could tell her how he felt, there was something else he had to say.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry. I knew how you felt, and I couldn’t handle it. I looked away and acted like I didn’t notice and pretended like I couldn’t see it.”</p>
<p>Amane had always vaguely suspected Mahiru had feelings for him, but he had chosen to ignore them. He’d piled up the excuses, telling himself that he was so pathetic that she could never love him as he was, and so on.</p>
<p>But he wasn’t going to run anymore.</p>
<p>He needed to confront his feelings and Mahiru’s. He wanted to tell her the unvarnished truth.</p>
<p>Amane stared directly at Mahiru, bracing himself so that he wouldn’t turn away this time, and—Mahiru smiled a little.</p>
<p>“Well, that goes for both of us, doesn’t it?” she said. “I did the same thing… I mean, if I wasn’t convinced of how you felt, I never could have taken a step like this.”</p>
<p><a id="page-227"></a>Mahiru quietly reached out and touched Amane’s hand. She was still wearing a faint smile.</p>
<p>“I told you, didn’t I?” she said. “I’m a sly one.”</p>
<p>“…I don’t know. I think I’m slyer.”</p>
<p>Amane smiled wryly, thinking that Mahiru’s kind of deviousness was awfully cute. Suddenly, he pulled his hand away from Mahiru’s grasp and instead wrapped both arms around her and embraced her gently.</p>
<p>He felt her delicate body stiffen with surprise, but then she quickly relaxed in his arms. Mahiru was leaning against his chest and looking up at him. He could see hints of bewilderment and anticipation in her caramel-colored eyes.</p>
<p>“…Will you let me start?” Amane whispered.</p>
<p>Mahiru nodded, her cheeks slightly flushed, and pressed herself further into his embrace.</p>
<p>“Um, so, this is my first time seriously falling for anyone. How can I put this…? I never thought it would happen… I thought it was impossible.”</p>
<p>“…Because of your past?”</p>
<p>“Yeah, that’s right.” He nodded.</p>
<p>He was still embracing Mahiru, not letting her go.</p>
<p>The reluctance that Amane had felt when it came to telling Mahiru that he loved her, or recognizing that she loved him in return, could be blamed on the lasting effects of an incident in middle school.</p>
<p>Amane had no confidence, so he had always been too afraid to express affection toward anyone. When he’d thought about the possibility of being rejected, he had decided it was better not to form any attachments.</p>
<p>That ended after he met Mahiru.</p>
<p>“Because of that, I thought that I wasn’t capable of falling in <a id="page-228"></a>love with anyone… But I never expected someone to change that so easily.”</p>
<p>He gazed down again at the girl in his arms. Just looking at her filled his chest with warmth, and he felt like he might overflow with bashful affection.</p>
<p>Mahiru was the first and possibly the last person who would make him feel this way.</p>
<p>That was how in love he was.</p>
<p>“I’ve realized that people can change when they meet someone they love.”</p>
<p>Amane had certainly changed since meeting Mahiru. Thanks to her, he’d finally been able to start breaking free of the wall he had built around his heart and had learned to accept himself bit by bit. The feeling of falling in love with someone had also given rise to the desire to be loved. He had come to know the feeling of wanting to hold someone in his arms and cherish them.</p>
<p>“…You know, at first, I didn’t think you had much charm,” he admitted.</p>
<p>“I know. You told me to my face.”</p>
<p>“I’m sorry about that, really.”</p>
<p>Back then, neither of them had thought too highly of the other, and he had said some rude things to her. Mahiru had probably also thought that Amane was an unfriendly, undisciplined loser.</p>
<p>“…You know, when we met, you wouldn’t open up to me. You were so distant, but I figured it was okay as long as we got along all right… But before I knew it, that wasn’t enough anymore.”</p>
<p>When they first met, Amane hadn’t wanted to get pointlessly involved with Mahiru. He wondered when that had changed.</p>
<p>“I came to feel like I wanted to learn more about you. I wanted to get to know you. From the bottom of my heart, I wanted to cherish <a id="page-229"></a>you. I…wanted to be with you. That was the first time I’d ever felt like that.”</p>
<p>“…I see.”</p>
<p>“I’ve been holding back this whole time. But…you told me I was enough, so I didn’t give up. I tried to think about what I could do to become a better person for you. But, well, before I could do anything, you took the first step.”</p>
<p>“Heh-heh…I was holding back too, you know. You’re pretty cool, Amane, and I was worried that someone else might come along and snatch you up. I was anxious about whether you’d even like me or not.”</p>
<p>“I think you were the only one who was worried about that.”</p>
<p>“Hmm. That again…”</p>
<p>Mahiru looked unhappy when Amane put himself down again. But when she noticed his expression, she blinked several times.</p>
<p>Amane wasn’t wearing the pitiful face that Mahiru was always so quick to criticize. Instead, his eyes were serious and had the look of someone who had prepared himself to do something especially difficult.</p>
<p>“…So, from now on…I’m going to work hard, so that it’s not weird when people see us together.”</p>
<p>“Huh?”</p>
<p>“I’m going to become a man who does my best so that no one will tell you that we’re mismatched ever again… And even if I can’t do it, I still want to improve enough to feel proud of myself.”</p>
<p>Amane wanted to become the kind of man who was worthy of standing proudly by Mahiru’s side, so that no one could object to their relationship. Not only for Mahiru’s sake, but for his own as well. And so that he could have confidence in himself.</p>
<p>The first step down that path had to start with these words.</p>
<p><a id="page-230"></a>“I love you, Mahiru, more than anyone else. Will you be my girlfriend?”</p>
<p>He stared into her clear, caramel-colored eyes and whispered his confession. Her serene eyes glistened with tears, but not a single drop spilled down her cheeks. Amane was the only thing reflected in her dewy eyes.</p>
<p>Mahiru closed her eyes and smiled.</p>
<p>“…Yes.”</p>
<p>Mahiru’s answer was so quiet that even if anybody else had been in the room, Amane would still have been the only one to hear it. Yet her trembling voice conveyed her unmistakable agreement.</p>
<p>Mahiru buried her face in Amane’s chest again. Her arms wrapped tightly around his back, holding him firmly in place and not letting go. It was like she was telling him that she wasn’t going to let him get away.</p>
<p>Feeling a little embarrassed, Amane also wrapped his arms securely around Mahiru’s small back.</p>
<p><em>—I’ll never let you go.</em></p>
<p><em>I want to treasure you. I want to bring you joy. I want to love you.</em></p>
<p>Mahiru was the first person to make him feel that way.</p>
<p>“I want to make you happy, Mahiru.”</p>
<p>“Is that a promise, Amane?”</p>
<p>Mahiru slowly lifted her face and gave Amane an impish smirk, so he smiled and lowered his lips to her ear.</p>
<p>“This is my wish. So I promise, right now…I will cherish you, and make you happy, absolutely,” he pledged passionately.</p>
<p>“…Mm.”</p>
<p>Mahiru nodded and gave Amane a sweet smile that melted his heart.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>