<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 4</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:60908f4b-dc5c-43a9-9dd2-15419ef3bec4" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter016">
<p>It was an hour before midnight. He had been lying in Mahiru’s lap since nine, after they had finished cleaning up dinner and doing other household chores. Which meant that he had been in the same position for almost two hours straight.</p>
<p>Mahiru had probably fallen asleep after being stuck on the couch for so long. Amane knew that she wouldn’t have been able to bring herself to move and disturb him, so she had just nodded off where she sat.</p>
<p>He thought she ought to be more vigilant, since she was in a guy’s apartment, but he was the one who’d fallen asleep in her lap in the first place, so he bore some responsibility.</p>
<p>He gazed at Mahiru’s sleeping face, wondering what he should do, and decided for the time being to go ahead and take a bath.</p>
<p>Mahiru had already taken hers for the evening, but Amane hadn’t taken his yet. Even if he was going to wake her up, it was better to let her sleep for now and get his bath out of the way. There was also the possibility that Mahiru would wake up on her own while he was bathing.</p>
<p>With that decided, Amane hurriedly went back to his room to get a change of clothes.</p>
<p class="space-break">Once Amane finished his bath, he checked the living room and sighed softly.</p>
<p>As before, Mahiru was completely submerged in the depths of sleep and hadn’t stirred, even with the noise from the hair dryer.</p>
<p>“Mahiru, wake up,” Amane said, and gently shook her the shoulder. She was still fast asleep. Her head slumped to the side, showing she was truly unconscious, so for the time being, Amane propped her back up.</p>
<p><a id="page-108"></a>He figured it must have been tiring, sitting there with his head in her lap for so long, and she had probably nodded off. For now, it was clear that she wouldn’t wake up any time soon.</p>
<p><em>I feel like this happened last time, too…</em></p>
<p>It must have been around the end of last year. He remembered lending Mahiru his own bed after she inadvertently fell asleep.</p>
<p>Amane had a feeling they were headed down the same path this time as well.</p>
<p>He shook her again, more forcefully, and called her name, but she didn’t wake up.</p>
<p>He heard a quiet, little groan, but it was more like a snore than words.</p>
<p>This wasn’t the first time that Amane had seen Mahiru asleep and defenseless, and he couldn’t help but wonder, again, whether it was all right for her to have this much faith in him.</p>
<p>Cursing his luck, Amane poked Mahiru’s cheek, but she didn’t stir. He was only met with the feeling of her smooth and soft skin. His thumb traced a path down her cheek, stroking it gently.</p>
<p>When he reached her slightly slack lips, he found the texture to be even softer and more supple. They reminded him of ripe fruit and looked like they would taste sweet.</p>
<p>It wouldn’t have been impossible for him to taste that sweetness in that moment, when she was this vulnerable. He could have enjoyed that delicious fruit and savored it as he pleased.</p>
<p>But Amane’s self-control, and the knowledge that he would never recover if Mahiru rejected him, kept him back. Yet he couldn’t stop touching her altogether. Amane laughed at himself for being such a coward, and he stared at Mahiru, whose beautiful sleeping face was so generously exposed.</p>
<p><em>She doesn’t even know how I feel…</em></p>
<p><a id="page-109"></a>Mahiru probably had no idea how anxious he got when she was overly careless like this.</p>
<p>Unconsciously, Amane let out a huge sigh, gently stroked Mahiru’s defenseless, sleeping face, and chuckled quietly.</p>
<p>Amane felt like he was being a shameful wimp, even more than usual. On the other hand, he was also convinced that his cowardice was what had allowed him to win Mahiru’s trust.</p>
<p>It occurred to him that if he had gained her trust to this degree, he might be on the way to getting her to like him.</p>
<p>Even if he wanted to confess his feelings, he was too much of a weakling, too anxious about opening up to her.</p>
<p>“…If I could simply tell you I love you, I wouldn’t have any worries,” he grumbled quietly.</p>
<p>With the pad of his thumb, Amane gently stroked her tender lips and sighed.</p>
<p>The fact that the girl he loved trusted him this much and was here in this vulnerable state felt gratifying and lovely, but it was also torture. Before long, he was going to have to get her to understand the conflict he was feeling.</p>
<p>He made up his mind to scold her a little bit when she woke up, then grabbed her by the shoulders and shook her.</p>
<p>“Mahiru, wake up. It’s time to go home.”</p>
<p>He shook her kind of hard, to prompt her to wake up.</p>
<p>He could have stared at her adorable sleeping face forever, but if he looked too long, he was going to want to do something, and he wouldn’t be able to sleep with her here anyway.</p>
<p>He had reluctantly allowed her to stay over several times before, or maybe it would be more accurate to say he had lent her his bed. He knew that, as a last resort, he could let her sleep in his room.</p>
<p>If possible, he wanted her to return to her own apartment. If <a id="page-110"></a>Mahiru slept in Amane’s bed, it would smell extremely sweet and nice, and that would cause him all sorts of difficulties until her scent faded, and he wanted to avoid that if he could.</p>
<p>With that one goal, Amane shook Mahiru and gently slapped her soft cheeks. With extremely sluggish movements, she raised her eyelids with a flutter of her long eyelashes.</p>
<p>However, the vibrant caramel-colored eyes that peeked out from behind them seemed somewhat vacant and unfocused. He couldn’t tell where she was looking, and her bleary eyes started to slip listlessly back behind the curtain of her eyelids.</p>
<p>“Mahiru, I’m begging you, please wake up. Go sleep at home.”</p>
<p>“…Unh…”</p>
<p>“Don’t groan, just say yes.”</p>
<p>“…Yes…”</p>
<p>She answered him in a mumbling voice that didn’t sound like she understood the situation, so with his cheek twitching, Amane tried even harder to rouse her back to consciousness, shaking her harder but not so hard as to rattle her brain.</p>
<p>It must have had some effect, because Mahiru showed him her eyes again, but—this time, she fell forward, directly against Amane, and buried her face in his chest.</p>
<p>In a quiet, muffled voice, she mumbled, “Smells nice,” as she rubbed her cheek against him. A small sound squeaked out from the back of Amane’s throat when he heard her moaning.</p>
<p><em>Seriously, this girl is…</em></p>
<p>He tried to tear himself away from her slack body, so defenseless that he had to wonder if she wasn’t doing it on purpose at this point, but he couldn’t. At the same time, he felt the urge to stay just as he was, to wrap his arms around her and dote on her. It probably would have been best to immediately pull away and go bang his head on the wall.</p>
<p>Biting his lip hard, Amane grabbed Mahiru’s shoulders and <a id="page-111"></a>slowly pushed her away from his body, and she looked up at him blankly, with dazed, spiritless eyes.</p>
<p>“Mahiru, it’s late already; how about you go home? We’ve got school tomorrow, you know, so if you oversleep, you’ll have a hard time. I’ll walk you to your door.”</p>
<p>Mahiru only lived next door, but she was definitely out of it, so he felt anxious about her leaving the apartment.</p>
<p>Whether Mahiru had understood him or not, she said, “Good niii…” in a lifeless voice and staggered to her feet, which was a good sign. She looked like she might fall right back down on the floor, so Amane ended up rushing over to support her.</p>
<p>She was wiped out from the tests, and on top of that, she had let him lie in her lap for a long time. Sitting still for so long must have been physically taxing. Sleepiness was bearing down on her, and she could hardly stand.</p>
<p><em>…No way around it.</em></p>
<p>Amane was sure that even if he lent her his shoulder and somehow got her as far as her door, she would still fall flat on her face the second she walked in.</p>
<p>He sighed softly and gazed into Mahiru’s face as she leaned her full weight on him.</p>
<p>“Mahiru, you’ve reached your limit, so I’m going to take you to your room. Can I borrow your keys? I’m going with you into your apartment.”</p>
<p>He felt nervous about going into a girl’s apartment and didn’t like having to ask Mahiru for permission when she was obviously passed out. However, he figured that if she had to choose between that and staying over in a boy’s apartment, she would probably prefer the former, no matter how many times she had done the latter already. Amane also knew he would be able to relax and sleep better if Mahiru was at home tucked into her own bed, instead of his.</p>
<p><a id="page-112"></a>He had roused Mahiru enough to ask for her permission, which slightly eased his discomfort.</p>
<p>In response to his question, Mahiru slowly nodded her head.</p>
<p>After confirming her consent, Amane pulled the keys out of Mahiru’s pocket, trying his best not to make contact with her hip while he did so, and cradled her in his arms.</p>
<p>Mahiru must have been very tired, because she leaned into him and fell half asleep again. If Amane didn’t get her back home soon, she was going to fall asleep right in his arms.</p>
<p>He stepped out of his apartment, trying his best not to make much noise. He walked over to Mahiru’s door and, still holding her, carefully unlocked it. Then he slowly carried her into the apartment.</p>
<p>“…Pardon the intrusion.”</p>
<p>The interior was, of course, laid out the same way as his. Amane knew it had the same floor plan, so he also knew where the bedroom ought to be.</p>
<p>But his heart started pounding the second he stepped in. Mahiru’s apartment had a sweet, invigorating smell, and it was decorated differently from his. Her meticulous and tidy personality was evident. The flooring was polished to a high shine, and he couldn’t spot any dirt worth mentioning. There was a mirror and some flowers sitting on the shoe cubby that stood against the wall, which gave the place a subdued, yet bright and brilliant atmosphere.</p>
<p>Amane glanced into the living room beyond the entryway. He got the impression that an adult had decorated it, with a collection of clean and cheerful furniture in basic tones of soft white and pale blue to go with the natural colors of the wood floor.</p>
<p>Despite that, the apartment didn’t really look like anyone lived in it. It showed hardly any signs of habitation. Besides sleeping and going to school, Mahiru had recently been spending most of her time <a id="page-113"></a>over at Amane’s apartment, so in a certain sense, it was almost like she wasn’t living there.</p>
<p>After having that realization, Amane quietly opened the door to the room he assumed was her bedroom and stepped inside.</p>
<p>It was the first time in his life that he had been inside a girl’s bedroom. It was such a lovely space that Amane thought other girls would get upset if they had to live up to this standard.</p>
<p>Just like the living room, the basic colors were white and light blue, but it was fancier than the living room. He would best describe it as tidy and stylish.</p>
<p>Amane also thought that it looked more lived-in and showcased Mahiru’s personality more. The place was well-kept, as was Mahiru’s habit. On top of the desk, next to her textbooks and cookbooks, sat the stuffed animal that she had won at the game center when Amane had taken her there.</p>
<p>Also, the stuffed bear that he had gifted her for her last birthday was there, just as immaculate as on the day he’d given it. It was sitting beside her pillow on the bed, and it now had a navy-blue ribbon tied inconspicuously around it, mostly concealed by the original ribbon that had always been there.</p>
<p>Amane had heard that she treasured the stuffed bear, but seeing in person that she had it sitting there by her pillow, he felt his cheeks grow hot.</p>
<p>Imagining her sleeping with it every night was almost too much to stand.</p>
<p>Biting the inside of his cheek in a desperate attempt to keep it together, Amane slowly lowered Mahiru onto the bed and covered her with the blanket. He was once again grateful that she had worn shorts with tights today.</p>
<p>Maybe because she felt the sensation of her body sinking into the <a id="page-114"></a>bed, Mahiru, who had been almost entirely asleep, opened her bleary eyes a little.</p>
<p>Smiling in spite of himself at her sleepy expression, Amane got down on his knees and gently stroked Mahiru’s head with the palm of his hand.</p>
<p>“You’re home now. I’ll give your key back later, so don’t worry about that.”</p>
<p>She had touched him plenty that day, so he figured it would be all right to touch her a little bit, too. As he scooped up a piece of hair that had fallen across her face to move it out of the way, he poked at her supple cheek, and she giggled like it tickled and put on a smile that was several times softer than usual.</p>
<p>Without pause, with sleepy, bleary eyes, she patted the bed beside her.</p>
<p>“…You too, Amane…”</p>
<p>He froze as he considered what the rest of that sentence could mean.</p>
<p>She seemed to be telling him to sleep there. Maybe even that she wanted him as a body pillow.</p>
<p><em>…She doesn’t mean that; she doesn’t know what she’s saying.</em></p>
<p>Amane tried to persuade himself of this as he pushed back against certain desires that had momentarily threatened to lure him astray.</p>
<p>He was afraid that if he lingered, Mahiru would say something unthinkable, so he impatiently stroked her head very gently, like he was putting a child to bed, and lulled her to sleep.</p>
<p>“I’m going home now. Okay?”</p>
<p>“…No.”</p>
<p>“There’s no way I’m hanging around in a girl’s bedroom. You’ll absolutely regret asking once you wake up. I can already see you beating me with your pillow.”</p>
<p>If Amane joined her in bed, not only would he be unable to get <a id="page-116"></a>a wink of sleep, but once she woke up, Mahiru would be confused and would turn bright red. Then, to hide her embarrassment, she was almost guaranteed to whack him with her pillow.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>