<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 4</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:60908f4b-dc5c-43a9-9dd2-15419ef3bec4" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter012">
<p><a id="page-81"></a>Amane cocked his head as to ask if there was anything else, and this time, Mahiru fumbled over her words.</p>
<p>“…Sorry to make you do this.”</p>
<p>“I told you, it’s fine; I’m going out anyway.”</p>
<p>Amane ruffled Mahiru’s hair in retaliation, and she looked at him with narrowed eyes as if he was tickling her. Something in her expression looked genuinely happy, and Amane was quietly relieved that he hadn’t committed some grave mistake.</p>
<p>“…All right, I’ll leave it to you. I’ll be waiting at home.”</p>
<p>“Whose home?”</p>
<p>“I wonder?”</p>
<p>Mahiru tilted her head slightly to the side, looking bashful. Then without missing a beat, she opened the door to Amane’s apartment, using the spare key that she had been holding already, and slipped in smoothly through the crack.</p>
<p>Having made her answer obvious, Mahiru peeked back out through the door and smiled at Amane.</p>
<p>“See you when you get back, Amane.”</p>
<p>“…I’m going now,” he replied, feeling amused by Mahiru, who no longer seemed to care whose apartment was whose.</p>
<p>Mahiru’s smile grew wider as she waved good-bye to Amane.</p>
<p class="space-break">After warming up with some light stretching, Amane went for an easy jog that lasted a little less than an hour, and then made a trip to the supermarket as part of his cooldown before returning home.</p>
<p>Since he was jogging, he was able to relax and exercise without overthinking, and his mind quieted a little bit. For now, things seemed to have settled down without him having to respond to all of Mahiru’s provocations, so he returned home feeling relieved. With the quiet shuffling of her house slippers, Mahiru came to greet him at the door.</p>
<p><a id="page-82"></a>“Welcome home. I went ahead and filled the bath with hot water. Want to get in?”</p>
<p>She casually took the shopping bags out of his hands, and he found himself gaping at her.</p>
<p>Itsuki and Yuuta had both said that she acted exactly like a newlywed wife, and she really did. Mahiru herself probably didn’t intend it that way, but her movements were brisk and efficient, and somebody who didn’t know better might have made that assumption. Amane felt strangely embarrassed by the thought.</p>
<p>“…Amane?”</p>
<p>“Ah, it’s nothing. Thank you, I will go take a bath.”</p>
<p>He smiled vaguely in response to the strange look from Mahiru, rinsed his hands at the sink, then headed for his room to get ready for the bath.</p>
<p>He pulled out his usual loungewear, and then went into the bathroom, where, as Mahiru had said, the bathtub was full of piping hot water and set to the perfect temperature.</p>
<p>After saying a silent thanks to Mahiru for being so prepared and generally being there for him, he showered off the sweat from his run.</p>
<p>Amane was self-indulgent and lazy at heart, but that didn’t mean he was okay with being dirty. He was someone who enjoyed a good bath.</p>
<p>When he submerged himself in the bathtub after properly washing the filth off his body and hair, it felt like all the fatigue in his mind and body melted away. He realized that he was pretty worn out as the exhaustion seemed to dissolve in the hot water.</p>
<p>As he soaked in the bathwater that was just the right temperature, Amane leaned back against the side of the tub and exhaled.</p>
<p>Then he looked down at his body through the clear water—he hadn’t added bath salts or anything to it—and his exhale turned into a sigh.</p>
<p><a id="page-83"></a>“…Still got a lot of work to do, huh?”</p>
<p>It hadn’t been very long since he’d started really exercising, so it was to be expected. Amane had very little muscle on his body because he had never trained and ate properly. He was extremely thin, a far cry from his image of masculinity. The words <em>bean sprout</em> came immediately to mind.</p>
<p>Amane wanted to get a little stronger and improve his looks while he was at it. Some of his classmates had seen him in his “mystery man” form before, so he couldn’t heedlessly assume that look without attracting suspicion, but he knew that he could be more diligent with his skin care and grooming.</p>
<p>He admired Mahiru, who was never negligent in her daily self-care. He was sure that she must put in a lot of work that he wasn’t even aware of.</p>
<p>As he thought about all these things, Amane felt a considerable drowsiness creep over him, probably from the comfortable warmth of the water and his own fatigue. He let out another deep sigh as he began dozing off in the tub.</p>
<p class="space-break">Eventually, Mahiru, concerned that he was taking too long in the bath, ended up waking him in a panic when she opened the bathroom door to check on him.</p>
<p>“Um, you know…it’s dangerous to stay in too long, okay?”</p>
<p>“I’m really sorry for being so careless.”</p>
<p>All Amane could do was apologize earnestly. He wasn’t sure whether Mahiru’s flushed cheeks were due to anger or embarrassment from glimpsing his top half in the bath—he imagined it was at least partially from worry.</p>
<p>He had heard that people had drowned in as little as thirty centimeters of water, so Mahiru’s anger seemed justified. Amane imagined that she was all the more anxious because she herself couldn’t swim.</p>
<p><a id="page-84"></a>He tried to come up with some excuse, but his mind was in a fog.</p>
<p>He hadn’t been completely asleep; really it was more like his consciousness was dipping a toe into the ocean of slumber. He was confident that he would have woken up without a problem if he had lost his balance and bumped into the side of the tub.</p>
<p>“…Why are you pushing yourself so hard?”</p>
<p>Amane felt instantly remorseful when he heard the suspicion in Mahiru’s words. He could tell that he’d messed up when he heard the anxiety in her voice, which made it clear that he’d given her cause for stress.</p>
<p>“I won’t deny the value of hard work,” Mahiru continued, “but if you can’t handle it all, shouldn’t you ease up a little?”</p>
<p>“You’re right, of course. I’ll be more careful next time.”</p>
<p>“But why are you doing all this, Amane?” she asked again.</p>
<p>“…I guess…because I want to become someone I can be proud of.”</p>
<p>Even though she sounded a little angry, Mahiru looked mostly sad. Amane smiled meekly and stroked her head to try to wipe away the anxious look in her eyes, while vowing not to make such a mistake again.</p>
<p>“I’ve been thinking I wanna be more confident in myself, is all. And I wanted to start with things like my studies and exercise. I didn’t mean to worry you; this was really all my fault. Next time, I’ll keep in mind how much I can handle.”</p>
<p>“…Are you in that big of a hurry?”</p>
<p>“I guess there’s probably no rush, but I want to work harder… To make myself into someone I can be confident in. After all, I’m working hard for my own sake,” Amane told her with a smile as he rubbed her head.</p>
<p>Mahiru stared hard into Amane’s eyes, then sighed. “…I understand your determination. That said, I’m serious: If you don’t take better care of yourself, I’m going to get really worried, okay?”</p>
<p><a id="page-85"></a>“I said I was sorry.”</p>
<p>“But I think you really shine when you try so hard, and I don’t want to get in the way of your progress. I’ve been watching you but trying not to get in your way.”</p>
<p>“If anything, you’re the one keeping me going,” he insisted. “Taking care of meals is really a huge help. I can’t manage that as well as you can, after all.”</p>
<p>“You’re the one putting in all the effort, so it would be more accurate to say that it’s all I can do to help… Do your best, but don’t push yourself too hard, okay?”</p>
<p>“I’ll try not to make you worry again.”</p>
<p>No doubt, he would be careful not to fall asleep in the bath again. He had no desire to learn what drowning felt like.</p>
<p>Amane also didn’t want to make Mahiru fret and cry, so he decided to take better care of his physical health and not overexert himself.</p>
<p>Mahiru still looked a little skeptical, so he continued to try to reassure her by gently stroking her hair.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>