<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Rio soon approached the changing room. “Princess Flora? Is something the matter...?” He froze when he spotted Flora in only a single bath towel and quickly averted his gaze.</p>

      <p>“Ah. U-Umm, my sister isn’t feeling too well.” Flora noticed the state of her dress and blushed, but prioritized her report on her sister’s condition.</p>

      <p>Rio’s expression immediately turned serious. “Princess Christina...? Is she still conscious?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll speak to her through the door of the changing room. Princess Flora, you should return to her side.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>Flora promptly turned back to the bathroom. Rio waited until he heard the door of the bathroom open, then stepped into the changing room.</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina, it’s Haruto,” Rio said through the door.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Amakawa. I apologize for creating a fuss,” Christina’s voice replied. Her tone helped Rio determine that it wasn’t an emergency.</p>

      <p>“Not at all. May I ask what happened?”</p>

      <p>“Umm, I was soaking in the bath when I suddenly felt extremely dizzy and my vision blurred, and I couldn’t stand up...”</p>

      <p>Rio formed a hypothesis from Christina’s explanation. He believed the cause of her symptoms had yet to be resolved, but confirmed the situation with her. “You became dizzy after soaking in the bath... Are you still in the water now?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes.” The reply came back through the echo of the bathroom.</p>

      <p>Rio sighed in relief. “I’m sorry, my explanation was insufficient. In my opinion, I believe you’re experiencing bath dizziness. It’s only temporary, so there’s no need to worry about it.”</p>

      <p>“Bath dizziness...?” Flora’s curious voice said. She seemed to be right on the other side of the door connecting the changing room to the bathroom.</p>

      <p>“When you soak yourself in a hot bath, blood circulates in your body faster and rises to your head. The dizziness you feel is because of that. Did you perhaps try to stand up suddenly after soaking in the water?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“I did...”</p>

      <p>“I see. Your body was just surprised by the sudden change in blood pressure. It’s hard to notice when you’re in the bath since it feels so nice, but you can experience dizziness after just a minute or two. As long as you’re not unconscious, you can take your time getting out of the bath or sit on the edge until you cool down. It’s one of the tricks to taking a long bath, actually.” Rio explained the ways of dealing with dizziness and even gave advice for taking long baths on top of that.</p>

      <p>“Is that so...? I’m so sorry for causing any trouble,” Christina apologized, her voice trembling in embarrassment. However, since soaking-style baths weren’t commonplace in the Strahl region, it was no wonder she hadn’t experienced such a condition before.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s understandable since you’re not used to these types of baths. My explanation was lacking. Please take your time getting out.”</p>

      <p>“I-I understand.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll excuse myself now, then. I’ll prepare cold drinks and wait outside.”</p>

      <p>With those words, Rio left the changing room behind him.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Christina and Flora got out of the bath and changed into the dresses they were borrowing from the wardrobe room, then made their way to the living room.</p>

      <p>The moment Christina saw Rio, she blushed and apologized for her earlier mistake. “I apologize for the trouble I caused you just now, Sir Amakawa.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all—don’t let it bother you. It was my fault for not explaining things more. I should be the one apologizing.”</p>

      <p>“No, I was the careless one.”</p>

      <p>“Then let’s just say we should both move on.” They’d never be able to reach an agreement at this rate.</p>

      <p>“I understand...” Christina bowed her head awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“I’ve prepared cold drinks and some easy-to-digest food for your fatigue. It may not suit your tastes, but would you like to eat it? I’m going to go wash up myself now,” Rio said, looking around the dining table.</p>

      <p>“We can wait until you’re done with your bath.”</p>

      <p>“You probably won’t be able to relax with me around, so don’t worry about me. You can enjoy your time with your sister instead,” Rio said considerately.</p>

      <p>“That isn’t the case, but...”</p>

      <p>“I agree.”</p>

      <p>Christina immediately denied it and Flora nodded firmly in agreement.</p>

      <p>“I’m honored, but the food will go cold. Please eat it while it’s still warm.”</p>

      <p>“I understand...”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, Sir Haruto.”</p>

      <p>Christina bowed, Flora following suit.</p>

      <p>“If you’re tired, you can call it a day afterwards and sleep. The two rooms over there are guest rooms, so once you’re sleepy, you can use them as you wish.”</p>

      <p>“We appreciate everything you’ve done for us.”</p>

      <p>“Now, if you’d excuse me.” Rio left with those words.</p>

      <p>He returned less than thirty minutes later, done with his bath. Christina and Flora had just finished eating. Flora was falling asleep on the spot, exhausted from the long day. Since the fatigue was clear on Christina’s face too, they decided to set aside the serious talk for the day and rest properly instead.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>