<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: After the Fierce Battle</h1>

      <p>In the Paladia Kingdom, at a hilly area near a farming village thirty kilometers west of the capital...</p>

      <p>The entire area was completely destroyed. The ground was gouged open, with slabs of soil turned up everywhere. But contrary to the disastrous sight, a fantastical spectacle was taking place in the surroundings. Water hung in the air as mist, creating a rainbow. Rio walked beneath such a sky with Lucius’s corpse burning brightly behind him. He walked until he reached Christina in her tattered dress and the feverish Flora who had fallen unconscious.</p>

      <p>“Is Princess Flora okay?” Rio asked Christina as he sheathed his sword at his waist. Christina had been staring at the mystical sight of Rio passing under the rainbow in a daze, but snapped back to her senses to explain Flora’s symptoms.</p>

      <p>“Oh... Umm, she was bitten by a venomous spider in the forest and has a fever.”</p>

      <p>“A venomous spider... Have you tried casting <em>Purgo</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes. But it isn’t a poison that can be treated with magic...” Christina regained her composure a little and examined Flora’s state with a pale face.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Rio looked down at Flora’s fever-flushed face.</p>

      <p><em>Detoxification magic can only decompose harmful substances inside the body into harmless substances, which means her body is being attacked by an infection rather than a toxic substance. She may heal if I strengthen her natural recovery with spirit arts, but...</em></p>

      <p>There was another recovery method that would have a more immediate and reliable effect. And so, Rio decided to use that instead. He reached into the pocket of his coat and moved his mouth faintly to chant a spell.</p>

      <p>“<em>Dissolvo</em>.”</p>

      <p>The space beneath his coat immediately distorted and a small bottle appeared in his hand. Rio grabbed it and took his hand out of his pocket. To Christina and the other figure standing nearby, it looked like Rio had taken it out of his pocket normally.</p>

      <p>“Take this. It’s a powerful magic potion that can be considered a panacea. She looks fairly exhausted so it may take some time before she regains her stamina, but it should treat the poison right away,” Rio said, holding the bottle out to Christina. It contained a secret recipe made by the spirit folk, so its effect was guaranteed.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure...?” Christina blinked in hesitation.</p>

      <p>“Of course?” Rio cocked his head, unsure of why she was asking such a thing.</p>

      <p>“Th-Thank you so much,” Christina said with her sincerest gratitude and accepted the bottle.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. More importantly, your injuries...” Rio asked, looking at Christina’s appearance.</p>

      <p>Her bare, dainty feet were peeking out from under the tattered hem of her muddy dress. They were clearly stained with blood, making it obvious that she was injured. There was a magic-sealing collar around her delicate neck, adding to the tragic sight.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m fine. I was walking through the forest barefoot, but it isn’t anything major.” Christina moved her hands to cover her dirty feet in a fluster.</p>

      <p>Rio reached inside his coat pocket once more and whispered the discharge spell to retrieve another bottle. He then offered it to Christina. “Pour this over the wound and drink the rest. It’ll ease any pain you have in your body. I’ll remove that collar later.”</p>

      <p>“Umm, magic potions are meant to be fairly valuable items... Please use it on your own wounds before me,” Christina said hesitantly, looking at Rio’s bloodstained coat.</p>

      <p>However, to Rio, it was something he could mass-produce, and he had no qualms about using it. “I applied some minimal treatment to my wounds while I was fighting, so I’m fine. The more pressing matter right now is the person approaching from over there, so I’m going to deal with that while you treat Princess Flora.”</p>

      <p>Rio half-forced the bottle into her hands before turning his gaze to the approaching third party—the Paladia Kingdom’s first prince, Duran. His gaze wasn’t entirely hostile, but Rio placed a hand on his sword handle warily. However, Duran held both his hands up as he approached, expressing his lack of intention to fight.</p>

      <p>“Stop. I do not wish to fight you.”</p>

      <p>“But you were Lucius’s ally, no?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>Duran was the one who had told Rio of Lucius’s location while he was in the capital. He had even accompanied Lucius here to spectate the battle; there was plenty enough reason to conclude that the two of them were allies.</p>

      <p>“We were comrades in arms who had fought on the same battlefield before, but I’m a prince and he was a mercenary. We were bound by no more than a contract in the end. There’s no way I would consider retaliating just because he was killed—all the less after seeing you fight just now. I’m not that reckless of a fool.” Duran recalled the sight of Lucius fighting Rio and laughed with a hint of exasperation.</p>

      <p>“Why were you here with Lucius, then?”</p>

      <p>“He asked me to lure you here, but after meeting you in the capital, you piqued my interest. That’s why I wanted to watch your battle with him—I’m no more than a curious onlooker, really. Ah, but I did agree to accept one of the royal sisters as a reward for my assistance,” Duran answered honestly, turning his gaze to Christina, who was feeding Flora the medicine.</p>

      <p>Rio’s gaze grew sharper. “So you want the two of them?”</p>

      <p>“There’s no way you would allow that, no? As I said, I do not wish to oppose you.” Duran’s attitude remained as carefree as ever.</p>

      <p>“In that case, would I be right to assume you have no problem with me taking the two of them away from here?” Rio asked, searching Duran’s expression.</p>

      <p>“Sure, I don’t care,” Duran replied, nodding readily. “But I’d like to negotiate with you a little first.”</p>

      <p>“...About what?” Rio asked with suspicion. Duran’s connection to Lucius alone was enough to make Rio cautious, so those words immediately made him suspect an ulterior motive.</p>

      <p>“Don’t be so wary. Like I said just now, I don’t need those two. Instead—what was your name again? Rio, or Haruto?”</p>

      <p>“Rio is a name I have discarded. Please call me Haruto,” Rio answered with a glance at Christina and Flora.</p>

      <p>“I see. Then, Haruto. Would you have any interest in working for Paladia...? In working for me? I want you more than those two,” Duran said, suddenly making an unexpected proposal.</p>

      <p>“...Huh?” Rio made a bewildered face at the topic at hand, which surpassed his expectations.</p>

      <p>Duran began his headhunting pitch with an entirely serious expression. “I’m asking that you work for me. I can give you whatever you want, be it money, power, or women.”</p>

      <p>“No, I will not,” Rio declined clearly despite his bewilderment.</p>

      <p>“Give it some careful thought before you give an answer. You may be wondering what I’m going on about so suddenly, but I’m being completely serious. I’m not trying to trap you into anything. I also don’t have an ulterior motive,” Duran appealed persistently.</p>

      <p>“Even if you say that... What made you bring this up?”</p>

      <p><em>Just what is his goal?</em></p>

      <p>“A most reasonable point. How about we discuss this more at the castle over some alcohol and a seat?” Duran nodded solemnly, coming closer to Rio.</p>

      <p>“I humbly pass on that offer.”</p>

      <p>The Paladia Castle was where Duran had the greatest amount of power. There was no reason for Rio to go out of his way to visit such a place.</p>

      <p>“Come on now, don’t be like that.” Duran was extremely persistent.</p>

      <p>Rio stepped back from him. “N-No thank you. I’ll listen to whatever you want to say here.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph... What a killjoy. But I guess there’s nothing I can do—I don’t want to overstep my boundaries and antagonize you.” Duran sighed dramatically and accepted Rio’s words with reluctance. With that, Rio could see Duran really didn’t have any ill will.</p>

      <p><em>He really throws me for a loop...</em> Rio’s guard relaxed for the first time.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>