<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Around noon of the same day, in the Rubia Kingdom bordering the southwest of Paladia, one boy slept on in the royal castle.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Beside the bed where Kikuchi Renji slept, First Princess Sylvie sat in a chair and gazed out the window. Just then, someone knocked on the door to the room.</p>

      <p>“Enter,” Sylvie called towards the door.</p>

      <p>The door was ajar to begin with, but it opened slowly at Sylvie’s voice. A female knight stood in the doorway—it was Elena, the commander of Sylvie’s personal guard.</p>

      <p>Sylvie took one glance at Elena’s face. “Elena. What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Your meal is ready. I came to show you to the dining hall.”</p>

      <p>“No thanks. I have no appetite.”</p>

      <p>Elena’s brows furrowed in worry for Sylvie. “You’ve already skipped breakfast today, and you barely ate anything last night.”</p>

      <p>“I can’t help it if I don’t have an appetite,” Sylvie replied tiredly.</p>

      <p>“In that case, please go outside and move around. There’s no appetite to be gained staying inside this room all day.”</p>

      <p>“No. Renji might wake up while I’m gone.”</p>

      <p>“Princess Sylvie, please leave the nursing to the servants. Why do you have to trouble yourself over a man like this...?” There was a tone of disapproval in Elena’s voice.</p>

      <p>“You’re speaking out of line. Renji is a hero,” Sylvie said with a bitter smile.</p>

      <p>“I still cannot believe that this man is a hero... His reckless actions placed Your Highnesses in so much danger,” Elena complained with a stern look.</p>

      <p>It was three days ago that Renji had tailed Sylvie and Reiss, crashing her reunion with Estelle. There, Renji lost to Lucius and had his limbs cut off in what was a crushing defeat.</p>

      <p>Renji had probably intervened thinking he was helping Sylvie by saving Estelle, but the situation wasn’t that simple. A small kingdom like Rubia couldn’t oppose a large nation like the Proxia Empire. It would be one thing to retrieve Estelle secretly, but rescuing the hostage in front of Reiss was equivalent to declaring war on the Proxia Empire.</p>

      <p>In other words, Renji’s actions had been far too thoughtless. Because of his actions, Sylvie had been forced to make a choice—whether to oppose Proxia, or join sides with Proxia.</p>

      <p>But Sylvie was unable to deny Proxia. She thrust aside Renji and left him to fight Lucius alone.</p>

      <p><em>If I had chosen to fight alongside him and save Estelle...</em></p>

      <p>Would the result have differed? Could Renji have avoided being defeated? These were the only thoughts that had filled her mind for the past three days.</p>

      <p>“We would have eventually had to make a choice between siding with Galarc or crossing sides to Proxia. The fact our kingdom has changed sides is still unknown too—it’s merely an agreement between Reiss and me, so there’s still a chance of saving Estelle.” Sylvie’s mouth was twisted bitterly as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“What if Reiss makes further demands next time, though? This man has also become part of the Proxia Empire. He made a pact with Reiss himself. If we are to face the Proxia Empire in the future, then this man...”</p>

      <p><em>...May end up becoming your enemy. Are you sure?</em> These were the words in Elena’s throat, but she swallowed them down with a sour look.</p>

      <p>“Well, there’s no telling what will happen.” It almost sounded like there was resignation in Sylvie’s words, making Elena glare at Renji on the bed.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Elena hadn’t liked Renji from the beginning. Her first impression of him was the worst. He looked like a child on the outside, but on the inside he was an arrogant adventurer like any other. His manner of speaking had been impolite from the first time he met Sylvie and Estelle, but she could admit he had the strength to back up his attitude.</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, you mentioned a meal. I have no appetite, but could you bring some soup?” Sylvie seemed to notice Elena’s scowling and sighed as she changed the subject. She had just made up a reason for Elena to temporarily leave the room.</p>

      <p>“Mm...” Renji suddenly groaned, his body trembling.</p>

      <p>“Renji?”</p>

      <p>Renji opened his eyes faintly at Sylvie’s voice. “Mmgh.”</p>

      <p>“You’re finally awake,” Sylvie said and beamed.</p>

      <p>“Syl...vie...? Guh...!” Renji snapped out of his daze as he recalled the events before he had passed out and shot up in bed. At the same time, he summoned his Divine Arms in his dominant hand and clutched it tightly.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey! Renji! Calm down! Stop!” Sylvie said in a panic.</p>

      <p>“Where...?” Renji asked, looking around the room nervously.</p>

      <p>“A guest room of the Rubia Castle. Can you put away your weapon...the Divine Arms?” Sylvie said with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“...” Renji silently made his halberd disappear.</p>

      <p>Sylvie shrugged in exasperation. “If you can move that much, your body’s probably fine. The limbs that were severed have been restored perfectly.”</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Elena was watching Renji with a look of discontent.</p>

      <p>“What happened...?” Renji asked in wonder, examining the presence of his cleanly reattached limbs.</p>

      <p>“‘What happened,’ you say...?!” Elena immediately snapped in rage.</p>

      <p>“Quiet, Elena. I didn’t give you permission to speak.”</p>

      <p>Elena reluctantly heeded Sylvie’s warning. “My apologies...”</p>

      <p>“Do you remember what happened before you lost consciousness?” Sylvie asked first.</p>

      <p>Renji nodded with a frown. “Yeah...”</p>

      <p>“Your limbs were cut off, and you lost to Lucius. The shock of the blood loss left you unconscious for three days, but now you’re awake.” Sylvie summarized the events in a frank and concise manner.</p>

      <p>“How were my limbs reattached?” Renji asked in confusion.</p>

      <p>“It was apparently the work of the Divine Arms. An ability activated to keep you alive, but I don’t know the details as to how that happened either.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>“Any other questions?”</p>

      <p>“Where are they now...?” Renji asked nervously. He was referring to Reiss and Lucius.</p>

      <p>“They returned to the Proxia Empire. Do you remember your pact with Reiss before your battle?”</p>

      <p>“...” Renji fell silent with an awfully uncomfortable look. He remembered.</p>

      <p>“You’ve become a subordinate of Proxia... No, of Reiss. You can stay in this castle until he comes for you, but once he comes you must follow his orders,” Sylvie stated flatly.</p>

      <p>“...” Renji frowned.</p>

      <p>“Don’t tell me you intend on going back on your word.”</p>

      <p>“Is it worth keeping a promise with people like them?” Renji replied to Sylvie, ashamed.</p>

      <p>“I heard you often picked fights with the adventurers who looked down on you,” Sylvie said, abruptly changing the topic.</p>

      <p>Two sides presented something important to them, and the victor obtained both—those were the basics of a duel. Royalty and nobility didn’t perform them thoughtlessly, but they were a frequent occurrence amongst hasty adventurers. Renji defeated anyone who picked a fight with him through duels, taking his opponents’ fortunes as a warning to others. That was how rumors of Renji spread, which greatly reduced the number of ruffians who looked down on him.</p>

      <p>“Yeah...?” Renji nodded, slightly confused. He couldn’t figure out why duels were being mentioned.</p>

      <p>“Have you ever let anyone you defeated go against their word?”</p>

      <p>At Sylvie’s question, he finally understood her point. “No.”</p>

      <p>Renji recalled how he stripped everyone he defeated of their fortunes mercilessly and awkwardly averted his eyes from Sylvie.</p>

      <p>“In other words, you’ll make anyone weaker than you obey, but you’ll break your word against someone stronger? You’re running away?” Sylvie stared at Renji with a look of disdain.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Unable to make eye contact, Renji flinched.</p>

      <p>“Pathetic. I liked your rebellious spirit towards the injustices of the world, but it seems like I misjudged you. You’re just a coward who can only act big before the weak—an outcast of society. You’re nothing but a lawless brat.”</p>

      <p>“...” Her mocking tone made Renji clench his teeth, eyes still cast downwards.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong? Nothing to say for yourself? Wasn’t it your motto not to forgive those who look down on you? Who was it who spoke to a princess on an equal level the first time he met her?”</p>

      <p>“...” With his head still bowed, Renji clenched his fists.</p>

      <p>“I’m looking down on you right now, you realize? Same with Elena over there. She scoffs whenever she looks at you,” Sylvie said, looking at Elena. Elena purposefully scoffed so that Renji could hear, finding satisfaction in doing so.</p>

      <p>Renji finally snapped. “Why are you saying this?”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>