<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Why, you ask? After all the trouble you’ve caused me, you think I don’t have the right to voice my complaints?”</p>

      <p>Despite being sullen, Renji raised his voice to make his point. “I-I was just trying to save Estelle. If you’re saying I ran away, then you’re a coward who couldn’t save Estelle too.”</p>

      <p>Sylvie gave an undaunted reply, acknowledging her own cowardice. “Yes, that’s right. But I don’t intend to run from Reiss like you. I have to bear the burden of not just Estelle, but the entire kingdom. There’s no way I can run.”</p>

      <p>“I-I tried to save her. But you sided with Reiss...” Renji implicitly placed the blame on Sylvie—that it was all because she did nothing.</p>

      <p>Sylvie grit her teeth, harshening her tone as she scolded him. “The situation’s taken a troublesome turn because of your reckless savagery. Reiss is backed by a large nation called the Proxia Empire. If I had opposed him there, they would eventually confront our kingdom. Are you telling our small kingdom to face a major nation? Or would you fight the Proxia Empire alongside us? You, a man who would run away from your promise with Reiss, wouldn’t run from a war with his empire?”</p>

      <p>“I-I... I didn’t know he was backed by the Proxia Empire.”</p>

      <p>“I called you a savage because you meddled in my business without knowing anything. Reiss and Lucius mentioned it before the duel—you’ve grown arrogant in thinking that everything can be solved with your strength, haven’t you?”</p>

      <p>“...” He couldn’t deny it. He wanted to argue for himself, but he couldn’t find the words. The one defense he had on the tip of his tongue was that it was an overstatement, but it was so pathetic that he swallowed it back down.</p>

      <p>“Coward. Where did the self-righteous man I know go? I guess the attitude was just a facade and this is your true self, huh?” Sylvie sighed in heavy disappointment.</p>

      <p>“I...!” Renji raised his head to object, but when he noticed Sylvie staring back at him he quickly looked down again.</p>

      <p>“So pathetic... Enough. Leave this castle—no, leave the kingdom. You’re an eyesore,” Sylvie spat coldly.</p>

      <p>Elena was shocked. “P-Princess Sylvie?! What about your agreement with Reiss? You can’t leave this man to his own devices.”</p>

      <p>Sylvie waved her hand in irritation. “I don’t care. He’s such an eyesore. I’ll come up with an explanation for Reiss and Lucius later.”</p>

      <p>“...” Renji didn’t stand. He was still sitting up in the bed, clenching the sheets in both fists as he worked through his inner conflict.</p>

      <p>“What? Get out already. Or are you asking to be cut down here?” Sylvie jeered.</p>

      <p>“I... I’m...” Renji murmured.</p>

      <p>Sylvie looked at him warily. “What?”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry... You’re right. I have no excuse,” Renji said at an audible volume.</p>

      <p>“So what?” Sylvie asked in a detached tone.</p>

      <p>“Please allow me to assist in Estelle’s rescue. You want to save her too, right? I’ll do anything I can to help. I’ll atone for my failure after she’s rescued.” Renji’s reply took on a rather meek attitude. It was a look that actually fit the age of the boy Sylvie first met.</p>

      <p>After a dazed pause, Sylvie burst out laughing. “Ha! Ha ha ha! So you have the capacity to make a face like that?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t make fun of me; I’m being serious,” Renji said, biting down on his lip.</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” Sylvie said with a wry smile, then changed her tone to a gentle one. “But your assistance is unnecessary. I appreciate the sentiment, but you really should leave.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-Why...?” Renji asked, confused.</p>

      <p>“You wield tremendous power, but you’re fatally lacking something. I’ve always found that strange, but that was also the part of you I was drawn to. And yet, the answer was surprisingly simple. For better or for worse, you’re still a child. I realized that today. That’s why I can’t allow you to get involved,” Sylvie warned.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true! I’m seventeen!” Renji yelled.</p>

      <p>While it wasn’t the case in Japan, seventeen-year-olds were formally treated as adults in this world. Sylvie herself was eighteen, which was why Renji based his argument around his age.</p>

      <p>“The way you bring up your age only makes you more childish.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re wrong! Don’t treat me like a kid!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not. You force others to take responsibility while lacking any sense of responsibility yourself. That’s what makes you a child.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not...!”</p>

      <p>“You’re trying to break your promise with Reiss right this moment.”</p>

      <p>“That’s... I...” Renji stumbled for something to say in protest.</p>

      <p>“Listen, Renji. This is a warning. You’re just a child bestowed with an incredible power through no effort of your own—it’s all the work of the Divine Arms. That’s why you’re all mixed up,” Sylvie stated bluntly. “You live within society while shirking all social obligations. You only participate in society when it benefits you—when it doesn’t, you exert your power to bend things your way. That’s how you’ve been living all this time, but you’ve finally encountered someone that won’t work on. Did you think you could live like that forever?” she said angrily to intimidate him.</p>

      <p>“...” Renji gulped silently.</p>

      <p>“There are people stronger than you—you’ve already lost to one of them. Just because you’re strong as an individual doesn’t mean you can underestimate the power of the masses. I’m going to teach you that lesson right now.”</p>

      <p>“...Huh?” Renji looked confused, wondering how she would do that.</p>

      <p>“For your grave crimes against the kingdom, I declare you an enemy of Rubia as of today. You may no longer live in this kingdom from here on out.”</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Renji fell speechless at the sudden declaration.</p>

      <p>“However, I will atone for my share of the blame. This is my final act of kindness—I shall allow you to flee. So leave this castle now,” Sylvie declared.</p>

      <p>“...” Renji remained frozen on the bed.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong? Why aren’t you leaving?” Sylvie asked unhappily.</p>

      <p>Renji finally raised his voice. “W-Wait a moment, please! I can’t do that, Sylvie!”</p>

      <p>“Why not?” Sylvie asked with a fed up expression.</p>

      <p>“I’ve realized it thanks to your words—if I flee now, I’ll regret it forever! I’ll no longer be myself! That’s what I feel! I have to defeat Lucius in order to move forward with my life!”</p>

      <p>Sylvie’s expression wavered for a brief moment during Renji’s desperate pleas, but she quickly gathered herself and shook her head. “That’s your own personal business. It has nothing to do with us.”</p>

      <p>“B-But you need my power, right?! That’s right... My power will be beneficial for this kingdom. Because I’m a hero,” Renji said without a care for how it made him sound.</p>

      <p>“It’s not your power, but the power of the Divine Arms... That petty pride of yours is what I’m calling childish.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll become an adult! I won’t screw up next time! Please believe me!” Renji protested stubbornly.</p>

      <p>“Don’t assume there’ll always be a next time. And believe you? Do you really think I can believe in the way you are now?” Sylvie said, giving Renji a cold dose of reality by pointing out his arrogance.</p>

      <p>“Uhm...” Renji gulped.</p>

      <p>“That’s all I have to say. Get out. And never step foot into this capital—no, this kingdom again. The next time I see your face in our lands, I will cut you down without mercy. So be prepared,” Sylvie threatened.</p>

      <p>Renji was at a loss for words. “Are you serious...?” he asked, trembling.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I am. So leave.” Sylvie nodded without hesitation, pointing at the open door.</p>

      <p>“I... I won’t,” Renji declared. His eyes were bloodshot and his breathing harsh.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“I won’t leave this place,” Renji repeated clearly.</p>

      <p>“Renji, you...” Sylvie said, clearly displeased.</p>

      <p>“If I stay in the kingdom after leaving this castle I’ll be cut down, right? Then I won’t leave. You won’t cut me down if I don’t leave, right?”</p>

      <p>“You think your shoddy logic will work on me?!” Sylvie shot to her feet with a fierce look, reaching for her sword resting nearby.</p>

      <p>“P-Princess Sylvie.” Elena quickly grabbed Sylvie’s arm and blocked her with her own body.</p>

      <p>“Let go, Elena!”</p>

      <p>“I-I will not!”</p>

      <p>Sylvie and Elena argued back and forth, while Renji spoke up beside them.</p>

      <p>“I’m not leaving this castle,” Renji declared sullenly.</p>

      <p>“You child... Are you saying you’ll become Reiss’s subordinate, then?!” Sylvie yelled.</p>

      <p>“If that’s taking responsibility as an adult, then yes,” Renji replied with a frown.</p>

      <p>“Ngh... Do what you want! Release me, Elena!” Sylvie grimaced bitterly and gave in out of frustration. She sheathed her sword and shoved aside Elena’s clinging grip before marching out of the room.</p>

      <p>“P-Please wait a moment, Princess Sylvie!” Elena said and hurried after her.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>In an uninhabited area of the Paladia Kingdom, just after Rio left the outskirts of the village where he killed Lucius and invited Christina and Flora into his stone house...</p>

      <p>There was someone observing from above. Reiss. He had shadowed Rio as he carried Christina and Flora away from the village where he had dueled Lucius to the death.</p>

      <p><em>If he’s brought out his house, then he won’t be traveling again today. Princess Flora seemed rather exhausted, so he must be prioritizing her recovery, </em>Reiss surmised to himself from where he looked down on the house.</p>

      <p><em>That aside, how shall I act next? With the option to coordinate with Lucius gone, I have no choice but to give up on dealing with Haruto. The risks of making a move outweigh the risks of leaving him be, but letting him return without any resistance at all...</em></p>

      <p>It felt humiliating. The mess that Lucius made had left Reiss in a very troubling situation.</p>

      <p>What would happen if he allowed Rio and the princesses to return like this? What kind of information would reach the Restoration and Galarc, and how would they react? Reiss considered the possibilities.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no hiding the fact it was Lucius who abducted Beltrum’s royal princesses. It’s also common knowledge that Lucius had connections with the ambassador of the Proxia Empire</em>—with me<em>. Considering the fact that I was spotted in Rodania just before the royal siblings went missing, then...</em></p>

      <p>The abduction of Christina and Flora would most likely be deemed the work of the Proxia Empire. If he was unlucky enough, his connections to the Duke Arbor faction could be raised as well.</p>

      <p><em>While there’s nothing that can be done about Galarc and the Restoration’s increased wariness towards Proxia, the risk and return will be far too unbalanced if things go on at this rate. The only thing that was gained in all this is my faked death, and I don’t even know if that spirit was fooled...</em></p>

      <p>During the battle at Rodania’s outskirts, Reiss had made it look like Aishia cornered and defeated him. He had actually summoned a monster to be killed in his place, helping him escape successfully.</p>

      <p><em>I cannot appear before Haruto right now. If me faking my death actually went as planned, then his attention will be directed away from me. It would be a waste to discard that advantage here. Which means I’ll have to send the squad members to make up for the failures of their commander. They can think of it as a way to get revenge for him.</em></p>

      <p>There were only two problems with that—the first being what kind of situation he wanted to create with them.</p>

      <p><em>However, Princess Sylvie should come to terms with her situation soon, and I’ve obtained a new pawn to replace the old one, so perhaps I can make a scapegoat out of him instead.</em></p>

      <p>Reiss immediately came up with a good plan and grinned wickedly.</p>

      <p><em>The remaining problem is where to make them face each other, but they should be heading for either Rodania or Galarc. Whichever way they go, they’ll have to pass through the Rubia Kingdom. The window of opportunity will be extremely limited if he flies with the two princesses, but I’ll endeavor to arrange something.</em></p>

      <p>Since it was an ironclad law to only travel during daylight, he’d spend his daytime hours tracking Rio. If he needed to give orders and move personnel, he’d do that after Rio had stopped moving to rest.</p>

      <p><em>I guess I’ll head over to Arein and the others after marking this location.</em></p>

      <p>With that decided, Reiss descended to the ground.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Roughly ten or so minutes later, Reiss used a single-use teleportation crystal to relocate immediately. He reappeared elsewhere in the Paladia Kingdom, in a deserted village just a few dozen kilometers away from where Rio had set up his stone house.</p>

      <p>“Now...” With no hesitation in his steps, Reiss marched forward. He stopped before a run-down house that would’ve belonged to the past village chief and knocked on the door in a particular rhythm. Soon after he did, the door to the house flew open. It seemed like the occupant was feeling rather hasty.</p>

      <p>“Why, Mister Reiss...”</p>

      <p>Sure enough, the one who opened the door was Arein, Lucius’s subordinate. Lucci and Ven stood immediately behind him.</p>

      <p>“The three of you look well,” Reiss said with an unreadable smile.</p>

      <p>“Umm... The captain isn’t with you?” Arein asked, examining Reiss’s expression before looking around for anyone accompanying him. As his question implied, he was wondering about Lucius’s whereabouts.</p>

      <p>This deserted village was originally meant to be the meetup point after the plan was completed, but Reiss already visited two days ago after he escaped from Aishia. He had been seeking information from Arein and the others. However, he hadn’t been aware that Christina and Flora had been abducted at the time—he only found out when he arrived at the battlefield—and had no choice but to prioritize his meeting with Duran.</p>

      <p>Consequently, Arein’s side hid in the village for two days, believing Lucius would return victorious.</p>

      <p>“He was killed,” Reiss stated simply.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>The faces of the three men stiffened—their expressions were of disbelief, clearly in denial of the truth. Reiss repeated himself once more, leaving no room for doubt.</p>

      <p>“I said, Lucius is dead. He fought his fated enemy and, regrettably, lost,” he said with a heavy sigh.</p>

      <p>“What kind of a joke is that? The captain was killed? Don’t make me laugh.” Lucci laughed dryly, but his smile didn’t reach his eyes.</p>

      <p>“It’s not a joke,” Reiss said with a straight face.</p>

      <p>“That’s impossible!” Lucci yelled. The walls of the house were made of dampened wood, yet his voice echoed loudly.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to yell,” Arein muttered with an annoyed look.</p>

      <p>“Shut up! It’s the captain we’re talking about, okay?! And he’s supposed to be dead?! No, it has to be a joke. The captain wouldn’t kick the bucket so easily!” Lucci stubbornly refused to accept the truth.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Arein and Ven both fell silent, clenching their teeth.</p>

      <p>“It’s a lie. It has to be,” Lucci muttered. His body was trembling slightly.</p>

      <p>“Like I said before, two days ago, Lucius suddenly acted on his own. You claimed you had no idea where he went, but you actually knew all along, didn’t you?” Reiss suddenly asked, looking around at the three men.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Lucci was still shaking with his eyes fixed on the floor, but Arein and Ven exchanged a secretive look with each other.</p>

      <p>“There’s no point in hiding it. I already know that Princess Christina and Princess Flora were abducted as hostages to be used against the boy. Considering the situation, you three are the only people who could have cooperated with him. I have no intention of blaming you. I just want to confirm the truth,” Reiss explained tiredly, implicitly urging them to come clean already.</p>

      <p>Arein and Ven gave in with a guilty look. “Well, yeah. We prioritized the captain’s orders.”</p>

      <p>“The three of you were originally his subordinates, after all. It makes sense. However, things may have ended differently if you had cooperated with me instead of him—I’d like you to keep that thought in mind.”</p>

      <p>Reiss implicitly suggested that Lucius wouldn’t have died if they had obeyed his orders.</p>

      <p>“Guh...”</p>

      <p>Arein and Ven averted their eyes awkwardly. They had believed in Lucius’s clear victory. They had followed his orders under that belief, but the reality waiting for them was cruel.</p>

      <p>“There was a beauty in the way that he was always victorious. He may have used cowardly tricks, but he was strong precisely because he didn’t hesitate to use those tricks. But the defeated are worthless. That was his belief, and he followed that belief to rise to the peak of all mercenaries. Now that he has lost, he’s become nothing more than a coward. He wasn’t strong because he was cowardly, but a coward because he was weak. That’s all there is to it, I suppose,” Reiss lamented in a dramatic tone.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true!” Lucci suddenly yelled, eyes widening with rage.</p>

      <p>“What isn’t?”</p>

      <p>“The captain isn’t weak. He wasn’t a coward because he was weak...” Lucci’s voice trembled.</p>

      <p>“Can you prove that?” Reiss asked.</p>

      <p>There was no way of proving it—it was an instance of the devil’s proof.</p>

      <p>“We’ll win. The captain’s Heavenly Lions will never lose. We haven’t lost to that boy as a mercenary squad yet—so we’ll win. We can prove the captain’s strength that way.” Lucci breathed heavily through his nose. Then, a slow clap echoed around them—it was the sound of Reiss clapping.</p>

      <p>“Wonderful. In that case, may I place a request with the members of the Heavenly Lions before me? My request won’t be for you to win against the boy, but it will include combat against him. Does that sound interesting to you?”</p>

      <p>Arein and Ven exchanged frowns. Rio was the one who killed Lucius—he had also crossed swords with Arein’s group before, and they were fully aware of the gap in their abilities. They weren’t intimidated, but they knew they couldn’t accept the request so easily.</p>

      <p>“Are we not allowed to dispose of him, Mister Reiss?” Lucci asked with a glare.</p>

      <p>“You’re free to eliminate him, of course. My request will be completed the moment you engage him in combat, but you’re most welcome to go further.”</p>

      <p>“Then we’ll accept that request.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, Lucci. You haven’t even heard the terms yet...” Ven scolded with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“What? It’s a fight for revenge over what happened to the captain. Are you chickening out?” Lucci said, completely raring to go.</p>

      <p>“Fool. Did you forget how easily we were brushed aside before? This is the bastard that killed the captain. I just don’t want to underestimate him,” Ven scoffed in disgust.</p>

      <p>“There’s one thing I want to confirm first,” Arein said to Reiss, ruffling his own hair. “It sounds like you’re asking for this as a separate request from our tasks for the Proxia Empire. Is that right?”</p>

      <p>The men were officially mercenaries of the Heavenly Lions, but during times of peace, they were paid to use their abilities as covert agents for Reiss.</p>

      <p>“Yes. This is a fight to avenge Lucius, after all. You will be rewarded appropriately based on your results. I don’t mind entrusting you with the enchanted sword I had lent him either. It’s somewhat of a memento for you, no?” Reiss looked around at them and chuckled.</p>

      <p>“We can’t say no to that,” Lucci said with an aggressive smile, looking at Arein and Ven.</p>

      <p>“Let’s listen to the details first.” Arein sighed, deciding to give in.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>