<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Thank you for waiting. Please come in, Lady Satsuki. Everyone, please be seated. The servants may leave.” Francois invited Satsuki into the room and sat down on a sofa himself.</p>

      <p><em>Are we about to discuss something confidential? </em>Liselotte wondered.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Liselotte. It’s been a while... Since the dinner at your place, I think?” Satsuki said to her cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Long time no see, Miss Satsuki.” Liselotte smiled with a sigh of relief.</p>

      <p>“Honestly, I wanted to attend that dinner so much. Come on, now. Lady Satsuki. Sit over here.” Charlotte pouted cutely and urged Satsuki into the head seat. They passed the servants on their way into the room and sat down. Duke Cretia and his wife selected seats diagonal to them and seated themselves.</p>

      <p>“Your Majesty. Please accept my sincere apologies for rejecting the hero’s marriage proposal,” Liselotte said to King Francois, bowing where she stood.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it. You’ve achieved enough to earn your freedom in marriage. That is something I have acknowledged myself, and I expected you to decline this offer from the beginning. However, the current state of the Restoration complicated things. I had to give the other side a chance to meet you to avoid souring relations. I’m sure that made it more difficult for you to decline. My apologies for that,” Francois said, sighing tiredly.</p>

      <p>“No, I am most grateful for your consideration, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>It was at this moment that Liselotte finally relaxed. She had sensed that things had been arranged to make it harder for her to refuse when she was devoid of the chance to confirm Francois and her parents’ thoughts on the matter. She figured Duke Huguenot had arranged that with Francois, but his words just now confirmed her thoughts. And the fact he had revealed this to her meant that there was no issue in her rejecting the proposal.</p>

      <p>“It seems like our worries were for naught, Lady Satsuki,” Charlotte giggled.</p>

      <p>“So it seems,” Satsuki replied with a faint pout.</p>

      <p>“The two of you were worried...?” Liselotte cocked her head.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t it your belief that marriage should only be done out of love? If you agreed so easily to an arranged marriage, you’d be throwing away that belief. Lady Satsuki and I were worried you were being forced into the engagement.”</p>

      <p>“I-I see... I appreciate that,” Liselotte said with a faint blush.</p>

      <p>“But rest assured, if that man ever tries to force you into an engagement, I’ll stop him with my own authority as a hero,” Satsuki said firmly.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha. I’m glad your fears were unfounded, then.” Liselotte sweated nervously at the thought of the trouble that would have created. Francois must have felt uneasy at that as well.</p>

      <p>“But you can’t remain without a marriage partner at your age either, Liselotte—that’s asking for trouble to come to you, you know?” Charlotte pointed out with a heavy sigh.</p>

      <p>“I’m sure it’s a challenge to find a boy worthy of someone like Liselotte,” Satsuki said with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s not true...” Liselotte stuttered. Her parents watched that rare sight with curious looks. They were impressed that the princess and hero could make their daughter react in a way fitting for her age for once.</p>

      <p>“Oh, speaking of gentlemen worthy of Liselotte, I believe I know of someone...” Charlotte put on a mischievous face.</p>

      <p>“Th-This is urgent! I have an urgent report to make! Excuse the intrusion!” Fierce banging sounded from the door moments before it burst open to reveal a breathless knight.</p>

      <p>“How dare you enter without waiting for a response?! What is it? This better be important!” Francois warned with a furrowed brow.</p>

      <p>“Honorary Knight Sir Amakawa has arrived! H-He requests an immediate audience with Your Majesty!” The knight was so heavily flustered, he made his report without a second thought for Francois’ anger.</p>

      <p>“Haruto, you say? In that case, you can bring him here. What is the reason for the urgency?”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s because he’s accompanied by...” The knight wheezed, out of breath from running the whole way here.</p>

      <p>“What is it? Calm down and speak. What about his companions?” Francois asked unhappily.</p>

      <p>“He’s accompanied by Beltrum’s First Princess Christina and Second Princess Flora!”</p>

      <p>The two missing princesses were alive.</p>

      <p>“What...?” At that moment, even Francois was as dumbfounded as everyone else present.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>