<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Christina suggested a more objective method of checking.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes,” Flora nodded timidly.</p>

      <p>“Come over here.”</p>

      <p>“Okay...”</p>

      <p>The two approached each other.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to smell you then.”</p>

      <p>“Please.”</p>

      <p>After confirming with Flora, Christina brought her face towards Flora’s neck. However, when she took a sniff and looked in the direction of the changing room door, she saw Rio standing there with towels in hand.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Amakawa?!” Christina shrieked hysterically.</p>

      <p>“Eek... That tickles, Christina. Hehe—S-Sir Haruto?!” Flora was trembling at the ticklish feeling when Christina’s outburst made her realize that Rio had returned. She panicked, flustered.</p>

      <p>“Umm... Sorry for the wait,” Rio said awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s not what you think!”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, it’s not what you think!”</p>

      <p>The royal siblings clarified with shrill voices.</p>

      <p>“Yes... I am aware.”</p>

      <p>“A-Aware... Aware of what, may I ask...?”</p>

      <p>“That the two of you are extremely close,” Rio replied with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Erm... Y-You’re not wrong, but I apologize for acting so unsightly.” Christina’s head drooped, her face flushed. Flora’s face was similarly red, but she had completely frozen up.</p>

      <p>Rio walked to the back of the changing room and put all the towels on the shelf. He then turned to leave, a slight smile in his voice. “I’ll leave the towels on this shelf, so please use them freely. Take your time.”</p>

      <p>The changing room door closed, leaving Christina and Flora alone.</p>

      <p>“...Shall we go inside?”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>With slightly bashful looks, the two started taking off their dresses.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>In the bathroom of the stone house, a splash echoed—it was the sound of Christina washing the shampoo out of her long hair.</p>

      <p>With her social status being what it was, she normally had her servants wash it for her, but that didn’t mean she couldn’t wash it herself. She finished cleaning in roughly the same amount of time her servants usually took and placed the wooden bucket down on the floor.</p>

      <p>“Just washing my hair is enough for me to feel refreshed...” Christina sighed dreamily.</p>

      <p>Beside her, Flora was rubbing bubbles into her own hair. “Yes. This soap smells so nice and healing too.”</p>

      <p>She brought her hair, which was covered in bubbles, up to her nose and sniffed it happily. This was probably why she had taken more time to wash herself than Christina.</p>

      <p>“Wash up quickly or your body will get cold. You still haven’t fully recovered, remember?” Christina warned Flora while adding conditioner to her hair.</p>

      <p>“R-Right.” Flora resumed washing her hair. Since it was so long, she had to be extra careful she hadn’t left any bubbles.</p>

      <p>“Err, I believe this one was the face wash soap, right?”</p>

      <p>Christina demonstrated her dexterity even here, applying conditioner to her hair and washing her face. She made sure to lather the soap before rubbing it on her face.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, it feels so good...</em></p>

      <p>She could tell her dry skin was rapidly absorbing the moisture. With her eyes closed, she basked in the bliss. Without using too much strength, she washed the dirt off her face, then washed off the bubbles.</p>

      <p>“Ack! Are you washing your face already, Christina?” When Flora saw that, she rushed to use the bucket to wash out the shampoo in her hair.</p>

      <p>“Make sure you wash off the bubbles properly. The warm water should heat up your body a bit, so there’s no need to rush,” Christina chuckled, then moved to wash her body last. She rubbed body soap into a hand towel to work it into a lather and started cleaning herself with her non-dominant hand.</p>

      <p><em>It really is a lovely scent, though. I thought the best soaps out there were the ones developed by the Ricca Guild, but this soap foams wonderfully and smells good too...</em></p>

      <p>There was no way of confirming how effective it was until she got out of the bath, but that was the impression Christina got.</p>

      <p><em>Or is this soap also made by the Ricca Guild? Be it this house, or the space sorcery artifact that stored this house, Sir Amakawa’s belongings are shrouded in mystery too.</em></p>

      <p>Christina turned her head and looked around the bathroom covered in stone. She’d been shown rare items she hadn’t witnessed before even as royalty, making it tough to stifle her curiosity completely.</p>

      <p>That being said, Rio probably hadn’t wanted to show them this house—he hadn’t brought it out once on their journey from Cleia to Rodania. And the reason for that was clear: if word of it got out, everybody would want it. Soap aside, the space sorcery and magic artifacts in this house couldn’t be reproduced.</p>

      <p><em>I’m curious about its origins, but I shouldn’t pry too much. Even if he tells me, it isn’t something that should be shared. I’d have to tell him I don’t intend on telling anyone else...</em> Christina thought. Her hand moving the towel stopped and the scent of the body soap tickled her nose.</p>

      <p>“It really smells wonderful...” she mumbled to herself, her mouth twisting in slight bitterness. It was the same scent she had smelled on Rio when he carried them to this house.</p>

      <p>“Did you say something, sister?” Flora asked, massaging the conditioner into her hair before beginning to wash her face.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s nothing. I’m almost done washing myself, but did you want me to wash your back for you?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Are you sure? Oh, but...” Flora’s face brightened, but she then looked at the stone bathtub. “Why don’t you take the chance to soak in the tub too?” she suggested.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. If you’re not getting in, I’d feel bad for doing so alone.”</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to feel bad. I’d like to hear your thoughts on how it feels too. Please, give it a try on my behalf.” Flora looked at her older sister in anticipation.</p>

      <p>“Really...? Then I’ll get in for a little bit... Just until you’re done washing, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Yes! Please do!”</p>

      <p>“Then, if you don’t mind.” Christina chuckled and stood up from the bath stool, touching the round stone to use the higher tap to wash the soap off of her body. She then stepped towards the bathtub.</p>

      <p><em>It really is a huge bathtub...</em></p>

      <p>It almost looked big enough to fit ten people in at once. Hot water poured out of the taps, constantly keeping the environment hygienic, according to Rio.</p>

      <p>“Is it really hot?” Christina muttered, looking down at the steam rising from the water. Her naked figure was faintly reflected on the surface of the moving water.</p>

      <p>“If I recall correctly, I’m meant to get in like this without a towel...”</p>

      <p>She started by slowly dipping her right foot into the water, making a splashing sound as ripples spread across the surface.</p>

      <p>“It’s hot...but not too hot to get in.” Christina continued by stepping into the bath with her left foot, then slowly sank into the water. The sensation of hot water wrapped around her body.</p>

      <p>“Wow... I see, this is indeed...”</p>

      <p>She closed her eyes until she got used to the temperature and relaxed her stiff body. It felt so good, she let out a blissful sigh.</p>

      <p>“How is it, Christina?” Flora paused as she was about to wash her face and looked up curiously.</p>

      <p>“It’s hot, and it feels great. I could get used to this,” Christina replied honestly.</p>

      <p>“That’s great! I want to try getting in too.”</p>

      <p>“You can once you’re fully recovered. Come on, your hands have stopped. Hurry up and finish washing. The bathroom is warm from the steam, but you’re still naked, so your body will get cold.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right!” Flora moved her hands and finally began washing her face.</p>

      <p><em>Good grief. But it seems like Sir Amakawa’s medicine is working well. Her complexion is clearly better than before.</em></p>

      <p>While soaking in the tub, Christina gazed at Flora and thought to herself in exasperation. However, there was a faint smile on her face.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve washed my hair already, so would it be best to leave it out of the water? </em>Christina thought after a minute of watching Flora, and promptly scooped up her hair with her hands. Her thinking wasn’t wrong either—it was actually better to keep your hair out of the water, but Rio lacked that knowledge as a man and hadn’t explained it. Her hair had been floating on the surface of the water.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll wrap it up with a towel.</em></p>

      <p>She stood up abruptly, but she had stayed in the bath for too long and became dizzy.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!”</p>

      <p>Christina was unable to support herself with her own legs and sank back into the water with a splash.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What?</em></p>

      <p>Christina was confused. She had never experienced getting dizzy from a bath until now, so she felt uneasy.</p>

      <p>“Christina?”</p>

      <p>Flora had just finished washing her hair and body and noticed the abnormality. When she saw Christina stand up and sit back down right away, she called out to her.</p>

      <p>“I felt dizzy for a moment...”</p>

      <p>“Huh?! Are you okay?” Flora looked worriedly at Christina, who was pressing a hand to her forehead.</p>

      <p>“Yes. If you’re done washing your body, let’s go out together.” Christina tried to stand up after saying that, but the dizziness made it impossible. Her vision blurred until it was nearly pure white, and her heart was racing in her chest.</p>

      <p>“I-I’ll go call Sir Haruto!”</p>

      <p>Flora was unable to contain herself and ran out of the changing room. She dried her body in a hurry and wrapped a towel around herself before opening the changing room door.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm! Sir Haruto, are you there?” She called Rio’s name in a slightly louder voice.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>