<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Interlude: Duke Huguenot’s Melancholy</h1>

      <p>Four days had passed since Rio was ambushed in Rubia, and ten days had passed since Christina and Flora first disappeared.</p>

      <p>Liselotte had just boarded an enchanted ship with Roanna, who came to her as a messenger. They departed from Amande to meet Hiroaki about the arranged marriage.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in the Galarc Castle, Duke Huguenot was alone in his room and sitting on the sofa. He took a deep breath to calm himself.</p>

      <p><em>Roanna contacted me earlier. Liselotte will arrive in Galarc in a few hours. Finally. Finally, it will be time...</em></p>

      <p>He was nervous—a rare look for him. And it was all because the fate of the Restoration, and of Duke Huguenot himself, depended on the results of this discussion.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve somehow managed to set up a meeting to at least discuss the marriage, but...</em></p>

      <p>In all honesty, the situation wasn’t looking good.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve gotten King Francois’ help, but that was only for setting up the meeting. He emphasized that he wouldn’t force Liselotte into a marriage.</em></p>

      <p>The Restoration was a vital piece of protection for the Galarc Kingdom—this was why Francois had agreed to the marriage between the third princess and Hiroaki; in effect, he’d forced his own daughter into marriage.</p>

      <p>However, even if it was for the Restoration, he <em>wouldn’t</em> force his vassal’s daughter into a marriage. This meant that Liselotte Cretia held more importance to Francois than his own daughter.</p>

      <p><em>Of course he would. He could use a royal decree on her, but doing so would antagonize Liselotte. Losing Liselotte would mean losing the Ricca Guild—which could end up impacting Galarc’s economy.</em></p>

      <p>Furthermore, he had heard rumors that Liselotte was good friends with the hero, Satsuki. It was only natural for Francois to tread carefully.</p>

      <p><em>We should be grateful he even helped set up this meeting out of consideration of the Restoration and respect for our hero. He even promised not to mention to Liselotte that he didn’t mind if she turned down the marriage. Which only leaves Sir Hiroaki’s proposal and Liselotte’s reply... But...</em></p>

      <p>It’d be simple if Francois just ordered Liselotte to marry, but that wouldn’t happen. A meeting was the second best option, but it left Duke Huguenot feeling uneasy.</p>

      <p><em>Things will also depend on how much value Liselotte placed on Sir Hiroaki’s position as a hero. But really, our chances are slim.</em></p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot was aware of the fact that Hiroaki was infatuated with Liselotte, which was why he had observed their previous interactions to see if things could go well between them.</p>

      <p><em>Liselotte is a noblewoman, but she’s also a merchant when there are profits to be gained. She sought her own freedom in marriage because she understands that her greatest asset is herself. It would be one thing if the organization was in its best condition with Princess Christina and Princess Flora present, but even I can’t see anything that would appeal to her in the current state of the Restoration.</em></p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot’s analysis was generally correct—the only point he had missed was the possibility that Liselotte wanted to marry as a normal girl. But that was an unavoidable error under the current situation. Presently, the Restoration was being backed by the Galarc Kingdom. In accordance with this, they were receiving funds and resources from the Ricca Guild, so Liselotte was well versed in the internal affairs of the organization. She should’ve had a clear understanding of the negative effects of Christina and Flora’s disappearance—and of the fact that Hiroaki’s betrothal with Rosalie wouldn’t be enough to completely erase those effects.</p>

      <p><em>I must plan for when the marriage discussion fails...</em></p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot pondered over the conditions Hiroaki presented for his betrothal to Rosalie—in other words, to receive Liselotte as his third wife.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no telling what Sir Hiroaki’s mood will be until after he’s actually rejected... Who knows which way the dice will fall.</em></p>

      <p>Just imagining it was enough to give him a headache.</p>

      <p><em>However, even if Liselotte rejects the proposal, I must make sure Sir Hiroaki marries Rosalie no matter what.</em></p>

      <p>If he failed to do that, the Restoration would be over. What steps could he take to prevent that? Duke Huguenot struggled against the pressure weighing on him as he waited for Liselotte’s arrival.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>