<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 15</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter033">
<p><a id="page-389"></a>That was the conclusion she arrived at—and with that, Velgrynd broke out of her thought loop and turned her attention back to reality.</p>
<p>………</p>
<p>……</p>
<p>…</p>
<p>So Velgrynd continued collecting pieces of his soul as she traveled through worlds and eras.</p>
<p><em>I love you. I love you… Ludora!!</em></p>
<p>That all-consuming desire to see Ludora drove her to overcome a cavalcade of obstacles. And then, finally, in a big city lined with skyscrapers, she found the boy.</p>
<p>Joy…and determination. The boy was everything she lacked. And if Velgrynd gave him the rest of the pieces she had…</p>
<p>But was this really okay to do? She agonized over the question. If she did it, it’d drastically change the boy’s destiny. Her lifespan was infinite; she could continue to watch over him until he lived out his own life.</p>
<p><em>Yes… No reason to panic. I can’t wait to see you, but it won’t help me to hurry things along.</em></p>
<p>But then, a shining piece of his soul flew over to the boy. This fragment, noticed by nobody, fused itself within him, as if sucked inside—and with that shock, the boy disappeared from the world. All that remained in Velgrynd’s hand was the very first fragment she found.</p>
<p>“Were you one of them, too? Did you want to see me?”</p>
<p>Velgrynd spoke to the fragment, wishing it were true. Then she activated Cthugha to pursue the boy.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>