<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="fr" lang="fr">
  <head>
    <title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 6</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  </head>
  <body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section id="chapter013" epub:type="bodymatter chapter">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter007">CHAPTER 6</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter007">THE OCTAGRAM</a></h1>
<p class="cotx">The moment I consumed Clayman, the red-haired demon lord Guy stood up.</p>
<p>“An impressive feat,” he solemnly intoned. “I hereby recognize your right, from this day forward, to call yourself a demon lord. Does anyone disagree?”</p>
<p>Nobody appeared to. I had passed the exam. That’s a relief, because—to be frank—goading the other demon lords into combat with me felt like suicide. I guess I never had much to worry about.</p>
<p>I undid the Barrier, allowing Ramiris to fly right up to my face, like she always did. “Ha-<em>ha</em>! I always knew you delivered the goods when the time came for it, Rimuru! In fact, I’d be happy to hire you as my apprentice!”</p>
<p>“Uh, I’m good, thanks. Find yourself another one.”</p>
<p>“Why?!” she grumped. “What’s the big deal? Why won’tcha just say yes like a good kid?”</p>
<p>“Hmph!” Milim proudly sniffed. “Rimuru’s <em>my</em> friend. I heard he doesn’t even want to get along with you!”</p>
<p>“What? No way! Hey! That’s a lie, right, Rimuru?”</p>
<p>“Wah-ha-ha-ha-ha! Sorry, Ramiris, you aren’t part of our team!”</p>
<p>“Whaaaat? Hyah!”</p>
<p>Taking the bait, Ramiris launched a flying kick at Milim’s face. She leaned to the side to dodge it and laughed even harder at her. <em>Huh. These guys are better friends than I thought.</em></p>
<p>Meanwhile, I noticed Veldora engrossed in friendly-looking conversation with the demon lord Daggrull, bragging about how he was training to keep his aura hidden. “You see him, Daggrull?” he said, pointing at me. “<em>That’s</em> how you do it.”</p>
<p>“Indeed,” the giant replied, nodding. “It was just for a moment, but I felt an explosive amount of magicules from him. Amazing he can hide it so well.”</p>
<p>Veldora had apparently been providing color commentary for my battle against Clayman. I really wish he’d knock that stuff off. That was exactly why I told him to keep watch in town for me.</p>
<p>Deeno, meanwhile, yawned at me, his attention span already waning now that the action was over. “Well,” he moaned, “it’s fine by me.” <em>Weirdo. And a hard one to pin, too. I’m never sure what he’s thinking about.</em></p>
<p>To Leon, however, none of this mattered. “Heh. I don’t care who becomes a demon lord. Do whatever you want.” Talk about cold.</p>
<p class="space-break">Frey and Carillon had no objections to my new title. Which left one person.</p>
<p>Valentine, who had remained silent until now, lumbered up to his feet.</p>
<p>“Mmmm. Personally, I would never want to allow a low-born slime to ever become a demon lord, but…”</p>
<p>Dressed as gaudily as a mighty emperor, Valentine sneered down at me. Guess he was a no, even if I was guaranteed to win by majority vote. <em>No worries, then</em>, I thought as I was about to turn my attention elsewhere, when:</p>
<p>“Kwaaaaah-ha-ha-ha! Are you insulting my friend, you lackey?”</p>
<p>Veldora turned his casual attention on the maid next to Valentine.</p>
<p>“Come on, Milus, you really need to train your servants better. Want me to provide a little education?”</p>
<p><em>Whoa! Hey! What the hell, man?!</em></p>
<p>“What are you talking about?” Milus returned Veldora’s gaze, her voice frigid and her expression icy. “I am simply a faithful attendant of Sir Valentine’s.”</p>
<p>“Heyyyy, don’t do that! Valentine’s hiding the truth, Veldora. You can’t say that!”</p>
<p><em>Um, Milim? Did you just kind of blow the door open on that, or what?!</em></p>
<p>I had a suspicion something fishy was going on with him, but I suppose I was right. This fetching young maid Milus was the <em>actual</em> demon lord, and now she glared at Milim, attempting to stab her in the chest with her eyes.</p>
<p>“Ah!”</p>
<p>Finally realizing her error, Milim began whistling a tune to divert everyone’s attention away from her.</p>
<p>Maybe it would’ve worked better if she could actually whistle, but no sound was coming out, and I doubted it’d make much difference. Milus didn’t seem the type to take a joke, and these antics weren’t about to calm her down.</p>
<p>She looked around the chamber, thoroughly annoyed, her eyes making her look like she planned to kill us all and hide the evidence. She looked hostile and dangerous, but luckily, she decided not to take on the entire rest of the room.</p>
<p>“Tch. Such a bothersome, villainous dragon. How long will he insist upon meddling with me…? And you’ve forgotten my very name, no less. How can anyone have such a gift for aggravating me?”</p>
<p>Now the atmosphere was very different as Milus—well, the demon lord Valentine, that is—spoke. It seems that Veldora was dunderheaded enough to misremember her name entirely, which did a lot to push her buttons.</p>
<p>“Enough of this,” she huffed. “You may call me Valentine.” Then, with a massive outburst of magical force, her appearance transformed, her maid outfit turning into a fancy Gothic-style dress. It was Change Dress in action, a neat trick Milim was adept at as well.</p>
<p>Yep. <em>This</em> was the real thing. The stand-in Valentine was a remarkable specimen himself, but his “maid” was on another dimension. Now we were greeted by a demon lord among demon lords, the ultimate personification of strength and beauty.</p>
<p>“You can leave ahead of me, Roy,” she ordered the kingly ex-Valentine.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>