<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—EIGHTY-SIX, Vol. 9: Valkyrie Has Landed</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:42a23f69-9895-4cfc-ba67-8c76b3997a57" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter017">
<p><a id="page-118"></a><a id="page-119"></a>But back then, and even now—they weren’t alone. They had comrades. Theo had Shin, Raiden, Anju, and Kurena. Those comrades were his place to return to, the “bonds” that gave him shape. They defined one another, supported one another.</p>
<p>And even now, when he could no longer fight, he still wanted to believe that he could return to them if he wished it. And that was why he got through each day without losing track of who he was.</p>
<p>Because his comrades allowed him to put his faith in them.</p>
<p>And it was at this point that he realized that Grethe and Ernst—that the Federacy had sought them out, too.</p>
<p>Bonds of blood. Bonds of the land. The things they’d lost.</p>
<p>They <em>could</em> be reclaimed.</p>
<p>Those weren’t things he’d had since birth, like his family or his homeland. Those were things he’d gained at the end of his road. Even if he were to lose them, he could find new things to hold on to and new places to be. He could find someone to lean on during the hardest times. Like this thousand-year relative of his.</p>
<p>“…Thanks, Uncle,” Theo said.</p>
<p>Ishmael furrowed his brow unpleasantly.</p>
<p>“At least call me a big brother. Go on, try saying it.”</p>
<p>Theo smiled. Like a nephew might smile at a distant uncle who was only slightly older than he was.</p>
<p>“Nah.”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>