<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—EIGHTY-SIX, Vol. 9: Valkyrie Has Landed</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:42a23f69-9895-4cfc-ba67-8c76b3997a57" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter020">
<p>But the Reaper escaped that hell. So she had to find a way out, too. After all, if that idiot could pull it off, there’s no way in hell she couldn’t do it, too.</p>
<p>“See ya, Shana.”</p>
<p>All her comrades who had died before she did.</p>
<p>Her parents, who’d died in the internment camps.</p>
<p>Her younger sister, whom she’d failed to protect.</p>
<p>She, who had been trapped in the Eighty-Sixth Sector.</p>
<p><em>See ya.</em></p>
<p><em>I’m not gonna forget any of you. You won’t be holding me back anymore.</em></p>
<p>She pulled the trigger.</p>
<p class="space-break2">With their control cores burned, the five railguns’ turrets slumped to the ground, like animals that’d had their necks snapped. The heat of the flames eating away at the Halcyon from the inside exceeded its temperature limit, forcing its propulsion system into emergency shutdown.</p>
<p>This was their first phase in the plan to destroy the Halcyon. The airborne unit’s task. To break the Halcyon’s legs and crush its fangs—the railguns—before humanity’s trump card, the Trauerschwan, was in position to shoot.</p>
<p>And they did it. Its cannons had been burned away, and its artificial muscles couldn’t support its weight. The gigantic behemoth crumpled to the ground in a loud, thundering quake.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>