<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—EIGHTY-SIX, Vol. 9: Valkyrie Has Landed</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:42a23f69-9895-4cfc-ba67-8c76b3997a57" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter024">
<p>The only change was that their faces, hidden under their hoods, were tilted slightly as they exchanged gazes and began whispering to one another.</p>
<p>Lena withstood the urge to click her tongue. The frontline units weren’t the only ones involved in this. The staff officers were in on it, too. If nothing else, the entirety of the 3rd Army Corps, Shiga Toura, were their enemies.</p>
<p>But aside from that, she’d noticed something else that was off: the Theocracy staff officers’ voices and the lines of their jaws, which were slightly visible under their hoods. They looked much younger than she’d imagined. They were, at best, the same age as Shin and Lena, if not a year or two younger.</p>
<p>Of course, teen officers weren’t all that unusual in this day and age. The Federacy had its special officers, and Lena was of course used to being around the Eighty-Six. But this was the corps command center. And even with their dwindling number of soldiers, the oldest of the Theocracy’s soldiers were only in their twenties.</p>
<p>It was strange. It was like everything implied that the Theocracy’s army was made up entirely of teens and young adults… And indeed, Lena couldn’t remember seeing a single adult soldier since she’d arrived at the Theocracy. The staff officers, the translators, the child soldiers who showed up to play with them—<em>they were all young</em>.</p>
<p>And so Hilnå watched Lena, who stood wordless, with uncaring eyes. She shifted her gaze to the Federacy officers, clad in their metal-black uniforms, as their expressions changed from suspicion to caution to distress, and then repeated the question.</p>
<p>“Will you defect to our country? Eighty-Six, Bloody Reina, and the many staff officers. Present your achievements and feats of heroism—your very selves—as an offering to us.”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>