<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—EIGHTY-SIX, Vol. 9: Valkyrie Has Landed</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:42a23f69-9895-4cfc-ba67-8c76b3997a57" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="copyright">
<h1 class="copyright-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-copyright">Copyright</a></h1>
<p class="copyright2"><strong>86</strong>—EIGHTY-SIX</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Vol. 9</p>
<p class="copyright-space"><strong>ASATO ASATO</strong></p>
<p class="copyright-space"><strong>Translation by Roman Lempert</strong></p>
<p class="copyright"><strong>Cover art by Shirabii</strong></p>
<p class="copyright-space">This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">86—Eighty-Six—Ep. 9</p>
<p class="copyright">©Asato Asato 2021</p>
<p class="copyright">Edited by Dengeki Bunko</p>
<p class="copyright">First published in Japan in 2021 by KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo.</p>
<p class="copyright">English translation rights arranged with KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo, through TUTTLE-MORI AGENCY, INC., Tokyo.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">English translation © 2022 by Yen Press, LLC</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen Press, LLC supports the right to free expression and the value of copyright. The purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and artists to produce the creative works that enrich our culture.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without permission is a theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you would like permission to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), please contact the publisher. Thank you for your support of the author’s rights.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen On</p>
<p class="copyright">150 West 30th Street, 19th Floor</p>
<p class="copyright">New York, NY 10001</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Visit us at <a href="http://yenpress.com">yenpress.com</a></p>
<p class="copyright"><a href="http://facebook.com/yenpress">facebook.com/yenpress</a></p>
<p class="copyright"><a href="http://twitter.com/yenpress">twitter.com/yenpress</a></p>
<p class="copyright"><a href="http://yenpress.tumblr.com">yenpress.tumblr.com</a></p>
<p class="copyright"><a href="http://instagram.com/yenpress">instagram.com/yenpress</a></p>
<p class="copyright-space">First Yen On Edition: February 2022</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen On is an imprint of Yen Press, LLC.</p>
<p class="copyright">The Yen On name and logo are trademarks of Yen Press, LLC.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data</p>
<p class="copyright1">Names: Asato, Asato, author. | Shirabii, illustrator. | Lempert, Roman, translator.</p>
<p class="copyright1">Title: 86—eighty-six / Asato Asato ; illustration by Shirabii ; translation by Roman Lempert.</p>
<p class="copyright1">Other titles: 86—eighty-six. English</p>
<p class="copyright1">Description: First Yen On edition. | New York, NY : Yen On, 2019—</p>
<p class="copyright1">Identifiers: LCCN 2018058199 | ISBN 9781975303129 (v. 1 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975303143 (v. 2 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975303112 (v. 3 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975303167 (v. 4 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975399252 (v. 5 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975314514 (v. 6 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975320744 (v. 7 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975320768 (v. 8 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975339999 (v. 9 : pbk.)</p>
<p class="copyright1">Subjects: CYAC: Science fiction.</p>
<p class="copyright1">Classification: LCC PZ7.1.A79.A18 2019 | DDC [Fic]—dc23</p>
<p class="copyright1">LC record available at https://lccn.loc.gov/2018058199</p>
<p class="copyright-space">ISBNs: 978-1-9753-3999-9 (paperback)</p>
<p class="copyright">978-1-9753-4000-1 (ebook)</p>
<p class="copyright-space">E3-20220115-JV-NF-ORI</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>