<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello everyone, this is Yuri Kitayama. Thank you for picking up Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles, Volume 14, Ballad of Vengeance—be it the regular version (no drama CD) or special edition (with drama CD).</p>

      <p>The main story is the same in both the regular version and the special edition, but apart from the drama CD, they also differ in front cover—if you’ve only purchased one version, you can see the other cover on the HJ Bunko homepage!</p>

      <p>Furthermore, the voice actors in the drama CD did a truly wonderful job. Just listening to them gave me the illusion that the characters were actually there. As the scenario writer, the casual snippet of their daily lives was even better than I imagined. Please give it a listen, everyone!</p>

      <p>On top of Volume 2 of the drama CD, an official PV for Seirei Gensouki was created! The PV is narrated by Aishia’s voice actor, Yuki Kuwahara, who also read Aishia’s inserted lines in character. The difference in her voice during the narration and character lines was so dramatic, I had goosebumps while I observed the recording. Thank you so much, Ms. Kuwahara!</p>

      <p>The official PV will be used in all kinds of promotion for the series from hereafter, so please give it a retweet if you see it on Twitter and spread the word. It’ll probably be uploaded to YouTube on the day Volume 14 goes on sale—August 1—so go check it out!</p>

      <p>Since I’m running low on space, I’ll move on to discussing Volume 14. I’m sure there are some people who read the afterword first, so without any major spoilers: there was lots of foreshadowing in this volume, new twists added at the very end, and other things that may cause a huge shift in the story, don’t you think?</p>

      <p>With that said, there are still plenty of plot twists up to Volume 10 that haven’t been addressed yet, and the ending I imagine for the series is still far away—I’d say we’ve taken one step into the middle stages of the story, perhaps? I plan on progressing the story and making it more exciting in the future, so I’d appreciate it if you could continue giving Seirei Gensouki your support.</p>

      <p>And so, let’s meet again in Volume 15!<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="signature">July 2019</p>

      <p class="signature">Yuri Kitayama</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>