<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Before the Death Battle</h1>

      <p>Immediately after Lucius teleported to Duran, Christina stepped foot into the village beside the forest with Flora—who was unconscious—on her back.</p>

      <p>The village was extremely quiet, but she could see villagers walking around here and there. They had also noticed Christina and were staring at her closely, but there was a secluded atmosphere hanging over the village that made it difficult to call out to them.</p>

      <p>“Umm...”</p>

      <p>In fact, when Christina looked at them and spoke, they averted their gazes with disgusted looks. But she couldn’t afford to feel timid. Christina approached the next villager she saw; the man was in his twenties and in the middle of working beside a cabin, so he didn’t notice Christina’s approach.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, do you have a moment?” Christina called out to his back. The villager flinched and turned around. When he spotted Christina with Flora on her back, he clearly froze on the spot. It seemed he hadn’t expected her to talk to him, as he looked around to check there was no one else nearby before replying.</p>

      <p>“...Uh, yeah. Who are you?”</p>

      <p>“Is there a doctor in this village?” Christina asked politely.</p>

      <p>“A doctor... That would be the village chief,” the man answered with a murmur.</p>

      <p>“Could you lead me to him? My little sister was bitten by a venomous spider and has a fever,” Christina explained succinctly.</p>

      <p>“...All right.” The man looked at their tattered dresses in suspicion, but nodded quietly before walking off. Christina chased after him. They barely exchanged any words along the way, but the man kept glancing over curiously as he led them.</p>

      <p><em>I suppose this outfit does stand out.</em></p>

      <p>Christina looked down at her clothes and felt awkward.</p>

      <p>“There’s one thing I’d like to ask.”</p>

      <p>“What is it?” The villager flinched before turning back.</p>

      <p>“What area are we in?” Christina tried to confirm their location with a vaguely worded question.</p>

      <p>“The area? To the west of the Paladia Kingdom, I guess...? I’ve never really left the village, so I wouldn’t know,” the man answered, tilting his head curiously at the odd question.</p>

      <p>Christina’s face stiffened faintly before she gave an awkward response. “I see...”</p>

      <p><em>Pretty far from Rodania, then. And allied to the Proxia Empire...</em></p>

      <p>They had finally made it out of the forest, but their situation hadn’t gotten any better. The influence of the Beltrum Kingdom, one of the largest powers in the Strahl region, wouldn’t be of any help here—if anything, it was more likely to be a hindrance.</p>

      <p><em>It isn’t a distance I can travel while carrying Flora. What should I do...?</em></p>

      <p>Faced with such a harsh reality, Christina’s face stiffened further. For now, something had to be done about the poison eating away at her sister, but she didn’t have any good ideas about what to do after that.</p>

      <p>In the end, they arrived at the village chief’s place before she could come up with a plan to return to Beltrum.</p>

      <p>“This is the village chief’s place. I’ll go explain the situation, so you wait here for a bit.”</p>

      <p>The villager left behind those words and entered the house alone. Christina waited before the entrance and he returned one minute later.</p>

      <p>“The village chief will see you. Come inside.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you. Excuse me, then.” With Flora carried on her back, Christina gave a tiny bow before entering. A middle-aged man was waiting in the living room just past the entrance.</p>

      <p>The villager who led them here stood beside the man who appeared to be the village chief. Beside him was another man of similar age. He stared at the filthy state of their dresses curiously when they approached.</p>

      <p>“This... Welcome, I am the chief of this village. I’ve heard the general gist of things—you’re in need of a doctor, is it?” The middle-aged man introduced himself and bowed deeply.</p>

      <p>“Yes. My little sister was bitten by a venomous spider in the forest. Could you examine her and see if you have any antidotes to treat her?”</p>

      <p>“That can be done, but...would you two happen to be nobility?” The village chief looked at Christina with a searching gaze. Though it was fairly dirty, the dress she wore must have made him assume that.</p>

      <p>“Yes.” Though she was technically royalty, Christina nodded without correcting him.</p>

      <p>“I see, so that’s how it is. Hey. I’ll handle the rest, so you two can leave.”</p>

      <p>The village chief ordered the two young men beside him to leave, but they remained standing there, reluctant to do so. The chief glared at them impatiently. “You’re in the way. And you shouldn’t be here to witness a noblewoman’s medical examination. Leave.”</p>

      <p>“F-Fine.” The two men exchanged looks before dragging their feet outside.</p>

      <p>The village chief bowed his head. “I apologize for the youngsters.”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m the one who’s sorry for causing a fuss,” Christina said, bowing in return.</p>

      <p>“Now, let me take a look at your sister. There’s a guest room at the back of this floor, so please head over there. I’d offer to carry her myself, but I’m afraid my back isn’t what it used to be...”</p>

      <p>The village chief urged them to move, smiling wryly at the latter half of his words. Thus, the two of them headed towards the guest room.</p>

      <p>“By the way, may I ask what two nobles were doing in the forest? You appear to be alone, too...” the chief asked along the way.</p>

      <p>“We were traveling on board our transport vehicle when we were attacked by bandits. My sister and I escaped with our lives by running into the forest, but...” Christina answered tactfully.</p>

      <p>“Oh, my... How awful that must have been for you. Wouldn’t there be quite a commotion over your disappearance by now, then?” the chief asked worriedly, as though he believed her story just now. They were the words of a noble—as long as there were no clear contradictions or suspicious factors, they wouldn’t be suspected. Though the collar around Christina’s neck was a little curious...</p>

      <p>“Yes, most likely.”</p>

      <p>“Considering the state of your little sister, you should stay here for the night. It may not suit the taste of nobility, but we have warm food here as well.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>They arrived at the guest room, and the village chief invited them inside. “Now, come in. Lay her down over there.” Christina moved beside the bed and set Flora down gently.</p>

      <p>“...Flora?”</p>

      <p>Flora hazily regained her consciousness and opened her eyes.</p>

      <p>“The village doctor is taking a look at you.” Christina smiled gently to reassure her.</p>

      <p>Flora spotted the village chief standing to the side. “Thank you very much...” she said weakly.</p>

      <p>The doctor shook his head and began his examination. “No need to thank me. Now, where were you bitten by the spider? Please tell me all about the situation when you were bitten, and how much time has passed since then.”</p>

      <p>“She was bitten in the neck by the spider early in the morning. She used detoxifying magic immediately, but it didn’t seem to have any effect. We were walking all afternoon, which seemed to make the venom circulate...then she passed out with a fever,” Christina answered on Flora’s behalf.</p>

      <p>“I see. If you would excuse me... Hmm, I see, I see.” The village chief approached Flora and moved her hair to check the affected area. He immediately spotted the swollen, bruise-like mark.</p>

      <p><em>A black mark, huh? I do recall there being a venomous spider in the forest that can create this. If left untreated, the black gradually spreads until it turns into necrosis. It can be treated immediately after the bite by applying a strong alcohol, but I have no idea how to treat this once it’s progressed so far... I’ve heard that the symptoms can become contagious if aggravated, too...</em></p>

      <p>The village chief stared closely at the mark on Flora’s neck. If the poison eating at Flora’s body was the contagious type, then those symptoms were extremely troubling. The thought of the poison spreading through the village was terrifying, so he wanted them to leave as soon as possible. But he hesitated to say that directly to nobility.</p>

      <p>“Will Flora be okay?” Christina asked.</p>

      <p>“...It doesn’t look good,” the village chief answered with a pained look.</p>

      <p>Christina paled immediately. “Y-You can’t treat her?”</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, I don’t have the means to treat her. Perhaps if you had a noble physician... Also, it’s possible that these symptoms may not be poison,” the chief suggested with uncertainty.</p>

      <p>“Not poison...?”</p>

      <p>“I fear it may be an infectious disease. If left alone, the skin will gradually blacken and rot away. It may have been treatable immediately after the bite, but I haven’t heard of anyone recovering from these symptoms after so much time has passed. While it’s truly regrettable for me to say this...”</p>

      <p>“That can’t be...” Christina’s face grew visibly paler by the second.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p><em>I fear the disease may spread, so could you leave the village?</em> Those words were on the tip of his tongue, but the village chief swallowed them in front of the nobles.</p>

      <p>“Will Flora... die?” Christina asked with bated breath.</p>

      <p>“I am not sure. I’ve heard that necrosis spreads rapidly...and since it’s on her neck, it could be bad. There’s also the fear of the disease spreading, so it may be best not to get too close...”</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p><em>Don’t get close?</em> There was no way she could do that. Christina almost wanted to argue back angrily, but she could sense that the chief was troubled by Flora’s presence as a source of disease and swallowed her words.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the two men who had left earlier reappeared. They must have ran here, as they were panting for breath. “D-Dad! There’s big news!” they said from the other side of the open door.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is it?” the chief asked in confusion, seeing the serious atmosphere.</p>

      <p>“Some important person from the kingdom has come to the village!”</p>

      <p>“What did you say...?” The village chief slowly turned his head to look at Christina and Flora.</p>

      <p><em>Did they come in search of us? If so, that means the Paladia Kingdom is involved in this incident as well...</em></p>

      <p>Christina immediately processed her thoughts, but she lacked the information to make any conclusions.</p>

      <p>“Do you have someone in mind?”</p>

      <p>“I have no idea...” Christina shook her head nervously.</p>

      <p>“Yo.”</p>

      <p>“We’re coming in.”</p>

      <p>Two new men appeared in the doorway. It was Lucius and Duran.</p>

      <p>“Wha—?! Ngh...” Christina shot to her feet and braced herself on reflex. However, she was belatedly reminded of the fact her magic had been sealed by the collar around her neck.</p>

      <p>Duran’s eyes widened in interest. “Ooh. What a fiery spirit we have here.”</p>

      <p>“This is the older sister, Christina Beltrum,” Lucius informed him. The two of them marched into the room without reserve.</p>

      <p>“Then the one lying down must be the little sister, Flora Beltrum. Hmm, she seems to be in a pinch beyond help...” Duran’s gaze turned to Flora, lying down on the bed.</p>

      <p>“Haha! Must’ve been poisoned by some annoying creature of the forest.” Lucius laughed heartily, making an eerily accurate guess at the situation.</p>

      <p>“Is that true?”</p>

      <p>“...” Christina held her silence at Duran’s question.</p>

      <p>“Hey, chief. How about it?” Lucius asked.</p>

      <p>Overwhelmed by the atmosphere in the room, the village chief gave his answer in trembling fear. “Y-Yes, sir! She was apparently bitten by a spider in the forest! I’ve just informed them that it cannot be treated here...”</p>

      <p>“I see... Heh, this is why you should’ve just waited quietly at the cabin. Now you’ve gone through all this effort to leave the forest before being found anyway. A wasted effort, if you will,” Lucius said mockingly.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...” Christina bit down on her lip and clenched her fists.</p>

      <p>She couldn’t deny that. If they had chosen to wait in the forest cabin, Flora wouldn’t have been bitten by the spider. That was the thought in her mind, but—</p>

      <p>“I-It wasn’t wasted. It was my fault. I slowed Christina down...” Flora joined the conversation from where she lay on the bed, protecting her older sister.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re awake.” Lucius looked at the bed.</p>

      <p>“Your voice...is familiar,” Flora said weakly.</p>

      <p>“I’m honored you remember. It’s my first time meeting the first princess, though. Good day—I’m Lucius Orgueil.” Lucius introduced himself in a pompous tone and grinned.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re the one who tried to kidnap Flora in Amande...” Christina’s gaze sharpened.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, but I was interrupted by that bastard.” Lucius was reminded of that time and lowered his voice in irritation.</p>

      <p>Duran patted Lucius’s shoulder to calm him before looking at Flora. “Save that anger for when he arrives. More importantly, we might be able to treat the second princess at the Paladia Castle.”</p>

      <p>“What...?” Christina’s heart swayed. Her precious little sister could be saved.</p>

      <p>“The price will be one night in bed with the first princess. How about it?” Duran added.</p>

      <p>“Wh... Y-You wretch!” Christina glared at Duran, red in the face.</p>

      <p>“Ha! Although, the pathetic sight of her filthy dress has made me lose my appetite. Who would imagine the princess of a major kingdom falling this far? She looks worse than a harlot from the outskirts. Nay, I can only see her as a beggar,” Duran ridiculed.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>What a rude and unrefined man this was—Christina had never been so disgraced since she was born.</p>

      <p>“Hehehe. A princess of an enemy nation. And a strong-willed one, too. Mm, what a wonderful woman indeed.” Duran laughed mockingly, but Christina had no idea if she was being praised or insulted.</p>

      <p>“...What’s going on here?”</p>

      <p>Just at that moment, Rio was suddenly standing before the door, looking around at the inside of the room. Christina, Flora, Lucius, and Duran were present. What kind of combination was this? He questioned the situation with a stern and doubtful face.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Amakawa?! Why are you here...?” Christina was shocked, her mouth falling open in a daze.</p>

      <p>“Well, this is a surprise. How did you arrive already? There’s at least thirty kilometers from the capital to this village.” Duran stared closely at Rio. Only ten minutes had passed since he teleported here, so how was Rio here already? But Rio had flown at full speed after leaving the Paladia capital.</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing to be shocked about. This guy can move at monstrous speeds.” Lucius glared at Rio.</p>

      <p>“What’s the meaning of this?” Rio’s gaze sharpened, but Lucius drew his sword and pointed the tip at Flora’s throat.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Facing upwards where she lay on the bed, Flora stiffened faintly.</p>

      <p>Rio also braced himself to fight at any moment.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, there. Do you intend on fighting here?” Lucius said, looking at the dangerous air around Rio, who was ready to draw his sword.</p>

      <p>“You were the one who drew first, no?”</p>

      <p>“Now now, there’s no need to rush. I’ve wanted to kill you with every fiber of my being since the last time we met—I feel the same way as you.”</p>

      <p>Without looking away from Rio for a moment, Lucius sunk the tip of his sword into Flora’s neck by a mere millimeter.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio didn’t seem to want Flora hurt, as he frowned while subduing his bloodlust.</p>

      <p>“Ha. That’s more like it. We can’t even swing our swords fully in this cramped place. Let’s move the slaughter outdoors.”</p>

      <p>“...Fine.” Rio agreed to Lucius’s proposal.</p>

      <p>“Prince Duran. Could you carry Princess Flora?” Lucius asked Duran, but Duran shot Flora a single glance before refusing point-blank.</p>

      <p>“I refuse. She’s filthy and she reeks. I have no interest in holding such women.”</p>

      <p>“...” Both Flora and Christina trembled with flushed faces.</p>

      <p>“Hah, fair point. Hey, first princess. You carry your sister.” Lucius gave the order to Christina instead. The entire party then left the village chief’s house together. Curious onlookers had gathered around the chief’s house, watching them leave the house with a heavy air.</p>

      <p>“Get lost. This isn’t a show.” Duran threatened the villagers in a sullen mood and they scattered in every direction. For some reason, the village chief and the two villagers with him had followed them, so Duran turned to them as well.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need for you all to come along either. You’re in the way.”</p>

      <p>The three men nodded and retreated back into the house. After that, Rio, Duran, Christina, Flora, and Lucius left the village, walking in that order.</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina and Princess Flora should be separate from our confrontation,” Rio said to Lucius as they walked.</p>

      <p>“That’s not quite right—they’re functioning perfectly well as hostages right now, are they not? You fought at Amande for the second princess’s sake as well. Anyways, Reiss is after these two for some reason or another. Though he <em>has</em> been continuously thwarted by you.” Lucius chuckled coldly, thrusting his sword at Christina’s neck.</p>

      <p>“...” Christina broke out in a nervous sweat at the prickle of danger she could feel on her neck. Like Lucius said: no matter how she looked at it right now, they were the shackles holding Rio down. She felt terrible because of that.</p>

      <p>“Anyway, he has a rather curious connection to you two royal sisters. I was interested in that as well, so I decided on choosing you two as hostages,” Lucius added smoothly.</p>

      <p>“What are you saying...?” Rio frowned.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I just found your suffering to be similar to your father’s. You have no obligation to save these two, yet here you are. Haven’t they repaid enough of your good with evil?” Lucius asked, hinting at something.</p>

      <p>Christina and Flora held their breaths as they listened.</p>

      <p>“So? What about it?”</p>

      <p>“That’s not something to be dismissed, is it? I’m talking about the reason why an orphan from the slums left the Beltrum Royal Academy and went across the border, changing his name to Haruto. Ring any bells to you, Rio?”</p>

      <p>“...And I’m asking: what about it?”</p>

      <p>His identity had been revealed past the point of hiding anything from Christina and Flora, but Rio’s expression didn’t waver at all—he was fully aware that Lucius was trying to provoke him. However, Christina and Flora didn’t look good. Lucius purposefully made his way beside Christina to peer at their faces.</p>

      <p>“Haha! The princesses look more upset than you. Hey, princesses. Does the name ‘Rio’ sound familiar to you? The boy you looked down upon, charged for a groundless crime, then banished grew up into this guy here. Aren’t you curious about his past? Don’t you have anything you want to say?” Lucius could see through Christina and Flora’s state of mind and chose words to incite their sense of guilt. Their expressions grew stiffer and stiffer.</p>

      <p>“As usual, you’re even nastier than me.” Duran sighed, shaking his head.</p>

      <p>“Watch it, Rio. Your murderous aura is scaring the princesses,” Lucius jeered at Rio’s back.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio continued ignoring him.</p>

      <p>“Listen up, princesses. His parents used to be from the Yagumo region. Because of some unavoidable circumstances, they migrated to the Strahl region, and the place they chose to settle down just so happened to be the Beltrum capital,” Lucius continued by himself, exposing Rio’s past to Christina and Flora.</p>

      <p>“His father, Zen... He was a real capable one. He used his skills to distinguish himself as an adventurer, which was how he caught my eye back when I still lived in Beltrum’s capital. I managed to win over his trust after that, but what surprised me the most was the fact that Rio’s mother was a royal with a sheltered upbringing. Apparently, Zen was Ayame’s personal guard.”</p>

      <p>Rio’s mother was royalty. This fact made Christina’s poker face crumble, her gaze trembling in shock.</p>

      <p>“You could compare it to a princess of your kingdom marrying a knight. They both migrated since some problems happened, but that bastard, Zen, was living a happy life. Ayame was head over heels for him, and they both adored Rio. The picture-perfect family, if you will. I socialized with the family—I even played with young Rio often.”</p>

      <p>Lucius exaggerated his emotional tone as he spoke, as though he were recalling those memories fondly. Then his mouth twisted with a smirk.</p>

      <p>“It made me sick to my stomach, so I decided to destroy it—that happiness. I killed Zen before Rio was old enough to remember, then killed Ayame when he was five.”</p>

      <p>“So you were the one who killed my father after all...” Rio interrupted Lucius’s monologue when he paused, speaking in a tone devoid of any warmth.</p>

      <p>“That bastard was in such despair when he realized he was betrayed by his best friend. He made a face like the one you had when Ayame was killed right before your eyes.” Lucius could sense that Rio’s anger was slowly building and grinned crudely as he spoke.</p>

      <p>“How awful...” Flora muttered sadly, her face flushed with her fever.</p>

      <p>“Awful? Your kingdom did plenty of awful things to him too. He was just a brat living happily with his mother up until he was five. He may have roughened around the edges from two years struggling in the slums, but you gave him plenty of harsh treatment just because he was an orphan, no?” Lucius took this chance to prod Christina and Flora’s guilt once more.</p>

      <p><em>Does this man intend to use us as hostages against Sir Amakawa? If so, why would he dig up Sir Amakawa’s past and reveal it to us like this...?</em></p>

      <p>Christina sweated nervously as she tried to figure out Lucius’s intentions, but there was no way she could—the only thing she knew for sure was that she and Flora were potentially the reason why Rio was backed into a corner right now.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong? Cat got your tongue, princesses? I don’t know if he’ll save you, but why don’t you try begging Rio for your lives? Are you thinking of a convenient excuse for yourselves? You know he’ll probably save you even in this situation.” Lucius looked at Christina and Flora’s faces, mocking them.</p>

      <p>“I...” Christina’s hair stood on end. Like Lucius had pointed out, part of herself felt expectant—expectant for Sir Amakawa to save them. Feeling ashamed of herself, Christina bit down on her lip. She had been so enthusiastic about protecting Flora herself, but in the end, she hadn’t been able to. Instead, she was seeking the assistance of the person she had caused so much trouble for in the past.</p>

      <p><em>Even though I have no right to that...</em></p>

      <p>But even if she had to sacrifice herself, she wanted to protect Flora. She had no choice but to rely on Rio for that. So, Christina tried to think of a way to give Flora the highest chance of survival. For example, if they had to be used as hostages, she needed to make sure that Rio discarded her first. And so, a pained look flashed across Christina’s face for a brief moment, before she made a curt statement.</p>

      <p>“...That’s not true.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? What isn’t?” Lucius asked curiously.</p>

      <p>“It’s only natural to sacrifice the individual for the sake of the kingdom. If you wish to condemn that as an awful deed, you can condemn it all you want. I don’t recall ever doing anything awful to him—at least on an individual level, I believe. Flora may not think the same.” Christina spoke as though she were reciting a memorized speech. There was no hint of her emotions behind those words at all. However—</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh. How terrible. Rio was placed in an environment that could make the average person’s misfortune sound petty, you realize? He could have grown up as royalty instead. Yet through some kind of mistake, he became an orphan in the slums at the age of five. If you’re saying it’s only natural for someone like that to be used up for your political benefits, then you’re truly cold-blooded to the core.” Lucius cackled in delight, eagerly bringing up Rio’s misfortunes.</p>

      <p>“I don’t believe you should be the one saying that, since you’re the one who made him an orphan... But you’ve made one mistake. I have no value as a hostage.” Christina looked at Lucius with clear disdain.</p>

      <p>“Did you hear that, Rio? What do you think? Sounds real admirable, eh? She’s trying to anger you on purpose—probably so that she’ll be the first to go, right?” Lucius chuckled, seeing through her plan.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Christina tried to object, but she ended up biting her lip bitterly instead.</p>

      <p>“Did you go senile walking around the forest? This bastard wouldn’t forsake you. If he was going to abandon you, he would’ve cut down my back ages ago. He’s trying to save you in this situation. The hypocrisy is disgusting,” Lucius spat.</p>

      <p>“That’s enough. How far are we going?”</p>

      <p>Rio called for Lucius to stop. They were currently on a hill, several hundred meters away from the edge of the village.</p>

      <p>“Fine. Let’s settle this,” Lucius said, pointing his sword at Christina’s neck.</p>

      <p>“Ah...” Christina swallowed her breath and froze.</p>

      <p>“What, can’t draw your sword?” Lucius sneered.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio glared at Lucius sharply, but didn’t draw the sword at his waist.</p>

      <p>“Ha. If you want to win against me, you should throw away everything other than your bloodlust. You’re the same as Zen—you try to fight while carrying excess weight on you. And yet, you’re strong. That’s what I can’t stomach. Living like a walking contradiction... But that’s precisely why you’ll die unable to protect those close to you. I’ll prove it to you—the foolishness of a human carrying around that kind of unnecessary weight.” Until now, Lucius had been using an exaggerated tone to provoke Rio, but the bloodlust he had been holding back was released as he glared back at him.</p>

      <p>“I don’t get it... What do you gain from me throwing away that so-called excess weight?” Rio asked in an indifferent tone. Lucius was obviously speaking of Christina and Flora.</p>

      <p>“I’m saying if you don’t, you won’t be able to defeat me in this battle. Then... Was it Celia Claire? And a woman named Miharu—I’ll go after those women next. Of course, I’ll enjoy them to the fullest before killing them. Don’t worry, though. I’ll leave you half-alive and bring you along to witness it,” Lucius boasted to irritate Rio.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Perhaps it was because Celia and Miharu’s names had been mentioned, but Rio’s wrath swelled. As though to embody that rage, a tremendous amount of magic essence poured out of Rio’s body.</p>

      <p>“Ha! You finally look like a proper avenger now.” Lucius smirked, removing his left eyepatch.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>