<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“C-Calm down. It’s okay, I’ll look at it for you.”</p>

      <p>“P-Please do...” Christina stood up and patted down Flora’s dress, checking carefully for any bugs. She also checked underneath the dress, confirming that the only bug that had made contact was the spider.</p>

      <p>“It’s all right. There are no other bugs,” Christina said in relief.</p>

      <p>“Th-Thank goodness... Sorry about that. I screamed out in surprise,” Flora apologized for losing her composure.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. I’d be surprised if a spider bit me in my sleep too,” Christina said with a chuckle.</p>

      <p>“I’ll check if there are any bugs in your dress as well,” Flora offered, moving to pat down Christina’s dress to check for any foreign substances attached.</p>

      <p>“Before you do that, detoxify the area you were bitten with magic. The spider may have been venomous,” Christina said, looking down at the fleeing spider.</p>

      <p>“R-Right! <em>Purgo!</em>”</p>

      <p>Flora must have forgotten the possibility of venomous spiders, as she hurriedly placed her hand over her neck and began detoxifying it.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve heard there are some poisons that can’t be detoxified with magic, but...</em></p>

      <p>Christina watched on with a tinge of unease.</p>

      <p>Detoxify magic, as its name implied, was magic commonly used to neutralize poisons, but like Christina was thinking, there were some poisons that couldn’t be detoxified. This was because detoxifying magic broke down the substances that were toxic to the human body and made them harmless—it had no effect on bacteria, viruses, and mold.</p>

      <p>Medical technology hadn’t advanced enough in this world for people to consider the fact that bacteria and viruses weren’t a type of poison, so they could only explain it away as <em>Purgo</em> being unable to detoxify all poisons.</p>

      <p>That being said, it was clear that would only make Flora uneasy for no reason, so Christina didn’t mention it. She could only pray that the detoxifying magic worked, or that the spider wasn’t venomous to begin with.</p>

      <p>“Show me the spot you were bitten... Looks like it isn’t bleeding. But cast healing magic over it anyway.”</p>

      <p>Christina peeked through the gaps between Flora’s hand casting magic to check on the affected area.</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>After Flora activated healing magic like directed, Christina prepared the same menu as yesterday for breakfast. Once they had eaten breakfast and warmed up, the two of them set off to escape the forest.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>