<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Reiss’s Intentions in Rodania</h1>

      <p>Meanwhile, several hours after Christina and Flora were originally sent to the forest in Paladia Kingdom...</p>

      <p>Rodania, the capital of Marquess Rodan’s domain, was home to the headquarters of the Restoration. The Restoration’s central office was located in the guest house, which Celia was visiting. Normally, the leading nobles of the Restoration and their secretaries would be working hard at their duties, but no one answered the door when she knocked.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me...” Celia opened the door hesitantly.</p>

      <p>There was no sign of anyone else inside the silent office.</p>

      <p><em>That’s weird... Did everyone go out to meet Princess Christina and Princess Flora?</em></p>

      <p>Celia was visiting the central office on the day Christina and Flora were scheduled to return to Rodania from the Galarc Kingdom. She cocked her head in wonder, but it wouldn’t be too strange for everyone to go and greet the two princesses if they had returned already.</p>

      <p>That was what she thought, when Aishia suddenly materialized beside her.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, Aishia! You can’t materialize here, even if there’s no one in the room,” Celia scolded her in a fluster. She didn’t think the room would be left empty for long, which meant that someone could come back at any time.</p>

      <p>“Step back. There’s a strange presence,” Aishia said, staring at the corner of the room.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Celia followed her gaze.</p>

      <p>The distance between them was a few meters.</p>

      <p>“I suppose there was no hiding after coming this close. And as I expected, the one guarding Celia Claire in spirit form was you... I had my hopes up, but it seems I’ve been completely outwitted by that man. What a bother...”</p>

      <p>The Proxia Empire ambassador, Reiss, stood there quietly. How long had he been there for? It was as though he had appeared out of nowhere.</p>

      <p>“Why do you know about Aishia’s spirit form...?” Celia mumbled with a dumbfounded look.</p>

      <p>“I wonder why indeed...” he chuckled smugly.</p>

      <p>“What do you want?” Aishia stared at Reiss as she asked him directly.</p>

      <p>“Do you think I’d answer that? That’s what I’d like to say, but my purpose isn’t to confront you here—I’m not that rash. I had business with a particular member of the Restoration. Unfortunately, my timing wasn’t the best... It seems everyone in this room has headed for the harbor already.” Reiss shrugged and looked out the window as though to change the topic.</p>

      <p>“Business? Who are you after?” Aishia asked in her flat tone, but her gaze was slightly sharper than normal.</p>

      <p>“I’m afraid I can’t tell you that much.”</p>

      <p>“If it’s Celia you’re after...” Aishia stood before Celia as though to protect her from Reiss. He had already made his hostility clear on their journey from Cleia to Rodania—if he was after Celia, then there was even less of a reason for her to show him any mercy.</p>

      <p>“Just to be clear, the reason why I confronted your contract holder on the journey from Cleia to Rodania was merely because of Princess Christina. Well, my plans were foiled and the princess safely reached Rodania in the end, but... As long as you don’t get in my way, I won’t have reason to harm you either.” Reiss raised both his hands to show he had no hostile intentions.</p>

      <p>“Why are you after Princess Christina and Princess Flora?” Celia asked with bated breath.</p>

      <p>“I’m afraid I can’t answer that either.”</p>

      <p>“Is there a spy amongst the Restoration leaders? Is that why you’re here?”</p>

      <p>“Who knows?” Reiss evaded Celia’s probing questions with vague answers.</p>

      <p>“You said you were outwitted before.” Celia picked up a part of Reiss’s earlier statement to probe him further.</p>

      <p>“Let’s leave the unnecessary chatter at that. This situation is extremely unexpected for me, so I’d like to leave as soon as possible.” Reiss ended the conversation there and made to leave.</p>

      <p>“Your words cannot be trusted. Therefore, I’m not letting you get away,” Aishia stated quietly.</p>

      <p>“Oh? You wish to fight me? In such a restricted space like this? It would be one thing if you let me retreat quietly, but if you’re going to fight, then I will resist.” The room would inevitably be destroyed if they fought, Reiss was implying. “I doubt even you would be able to suppress me easily. Much less while protecting Celia Claire as you fight.”</p>

      <p>Reiss looked at Celia.</p>

      <p>“I-I can fight a little myself. Did you think we would let you walk away peacefully after you snuck all the way into our innermost office? Even if I set aside the matter of Princess Christina and Princess Flora, you’re still related to Haruto’s enemy.” Despite the nervous look on her face, Celia refuted him without cowardice.</p>

      <p>“I haven’t snuck in, though. Since you’ve found me like this and all. And what if I was invited here as a diplomat?” Reiss chuckled while evading the point. As he said that, he approached the balcony of the office.</p>

      <p>“If you want to leave the estate, you can leave through the front door and not the balcony,” Aishia said, raising her right hand up at the ceiling. She had already prepared her magic essence for combat, but she instantly increased that essence further. Then, without any visually obvious phenomenon occurring, a screeching ultrasonic sound rang through the air.</p>

      <p>“A powerful resonance between ode and mana...?”</p>

      <p>While Celia couldn’t use spirit arts as a sorcerer who handled magic, she had lived in the stone house for a long time. Thanks to her training under Rio and the spirit folk girls, she was able to see the light of ode and detect mana. Thus, she understood precisely what Aishia had tried to do. That is, she had forced a powerful resonance between the ode and mana across the entirety of Rodania, creating a signal that could only be noticed by those who could sense it. Sara and the others would soon realize something had happened.</p>

      <p>“I see, so you’re going with that... I shall take my leave now, then.”</p>

      <p>Reiss immediately guessed that their allies were hiding nearby. If they all joined up together, Aishia would be able to focus on pursuing him alone—something which would be extremely problematic. With an annoyed sigh, Reiss took a great leap onto the balcony and flew into the air with spirit arts.</p>

      <p>At the same time, Aishia picked Celia up in a bridal carry. “We’re going to chase that man. Hold on tight to me.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...?!” Celia let out a hysterical noise at abruptly being picked up. Aishia accelerated suddenly and flew outside from the balcony.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait! Hold on!” Celia screamed.</p>

      <p>“Don’t open your mouth while we’re accelerating. You might bite your tongue,” Aishia advised calmly. Flight using spirit arts involved setting up a wind barrier against the surroundings, so that the air resistance was eliminated while flying at high speeds. As a result, one could converse while flying, but the faster the flight, the more recoil would be felt from the acceleration. Aishia could control even that recoil with her spirit arts, but her control wasn’t as accurate with the considerable burden of carrying Celia in her arms.</p>

      <p>“G-Gosh, don’t surprise me like that. Though I guess it was an emergency, so it makes sense... But what do we do now?”</p>

      <p>Once the recoil of Aishia’s acceleration finally calmed down, Celia pouted her lips cutely. However, she soon put those feelings behind her and focused on chasing Reiss. She could see him fleeing through the air ahead of them, and when she looked down, she could see the city of Rodania below.</p>

      <p>“We’ll lead Reiss to the stone house. I’ll attack him from the sides, so use your magic to stop him from moving upwards. You don’t need to hold back. You can use intermediate attack magic spells.”</p>

      <p>“A-All right. I’ll give it a go.” Celia gulped and nodded at Aishia’s orders.</p>

      <p>“Here we go, then.” Aishia created countless balls of light at her side, each roughly one meter in diameter. The next moment, they all fired outwards and curved in Reiss’s direction.</p>

      <p>“As expected of a humanoid spirit. What wonderful control.” Reiss glanced back and evaded the light spheres that curved irregularly.</p>

      <p>“I’m not as good as you, but I’ll go all-out on magic essence until Sara and the others arrive as backup! <em>Quintet Magician Magicae Displodo!</em>” She wasn’t about to be a burden like she had been on the journey from Cleia to Rodania. Celia focused all of her mental energy on reciting her spell. Seven magic circles appeared around her; she took a mere three seconds to take aim and fired at just a hair’s breadth above Reiss’s head.</p>

      <p><em>Whoa! Seven intermediate attack spells at once, you say? Her spell deployment is also quick. I didn’t think I was underestimating her, but I see why she’s called the genius sorcerer now. It would be one matter if I was facing her alone, but having a sorcerer of this level as a support is quite troublesome indeed...</em></p>

      <p>Reiss avoided Celia’s light missiles by slightly lowering his altitude, when the next barrage came at him without delay. There were as many bullets as there were spell circles, and as soon as he dodged one, the next would come flying. On top of that, it wasn’t only Celia’s attacks coming at him.</p>

      <p>When he tried to raise his altitude, Celia’s magic would snipe at him, and Aishia’s spirit arts freely changed direction to fly at him from the sides.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve been completely blocked from above and to the sides. I can’t accelerate like I want like this. We’ve already left the skies of Rodania, so perhaps it would be better for me to just hide myself in the forest.</em></p>

      <p>Thinking that, Reiss lowered his gaze to the forest.</p>

      <p>“Guh...”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, an ice, fire, and light bullet came shooting up from the ground. Orphia came flying out of the forest.</p>

      <p><em>This is...a rather unlucky situation. No, I suppose I was led here on purpose. </em>Reiss made a contemplative face at the difficult situation he was in. Just then, Aishia swooped down and approached Orphia.</p>

      <p>“Lady Aishia!”</p>

      <p>“Orphia, take Celia. Protect the house with everyone else,” Aishia said, tossing Celia in Orphia’s direction.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Whaaa?!”</p>

      <p>Celia screamed at the sudden floating sensation. However, they were racing against time right now. Reiss had already taken the chance to speed up and retreat.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>