<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Fang of the Avenger</h1>

      <p>Several months had passed since Renji’s arrival. He never returned to Rhea’s village in the Vilkis Kingdom after that incident, instead acting as an adventurer in the Rubia Kingdom.</p>

      <p>For the record, the adventurer’s guild was an international organization established and entrusted by each nation. The original purpose of its establishment was to force a part of the kingdom’s unmanageable defense onto those socially unfit for proper jobs, so that the kingdom could manage them indirectly and effectively utilize them as a labor force.</p>

      <p>Of course, it was pretty much an international organization in name only. The organization headquarters existed in form, but there was no base equipped with said function, and management was conducted practically independently by the branches in the capital of each kingdom. This was because the officials of each kingdom were dispatched to supervise the operations of the branch, so they couldn’t cross kingdom borders.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, in order to become an adventurer, registration at the headquarters or branch was required, each having its own merits and demerits. For example, belonging to a branch restricted the activities under the jurisdiction of other branches (in this respect, belonging to the headquarters gave one the freedom to act in every branch, but the support from regional branches was weaker).</p>

      <p>Renji belonged to a regional branch of the Rubia Kingdom. At first, his impudent personality on top of his small stature and young appearance caused the other adventurers around him to treat him disparagingly and aggressively.</p>

      <p>However, he turned the tables on every adventurer that picked a fight with him regardless of their rank, completing very difficult subjugation requests all by himself until, eventually, everyone left him alone out of fear.</p>

      <p>Instead, he gained fame as the fastest rising rookie in history, obtaining nicknames like “Aloof” from his solo activities or “Ice Emperor” from his powerful ice enchanted sword (the generic name for weapons with ancient sorcery in them).</p>

      <p>His name even spread to the royal castle, reaching the ear of the Princess Knight, first princess Sylvie Rubia. She personally invited Renji to the castle to judge his abilities, sparring with him before scouting him as a personal knight.</p>

      <p>“I have no intention of working underneath anyone. Royalty and nobility are especially out of the question.”</p>

      <p>Renji brazenly refused Sylvie’s offer to become a knight, but the impudence in his answer showed his lack of understanding of the world. This caught Sylvie’s favor, so they formed a friendship instead of a master and servant relationship.</p>

      <p>“Hey, it’s Aloof.”</p>

      <p>Simply by appearing at the adventurer’s guild in the Rubia Kingdom capital, the adventurers in the lobby stirred noisily. There were some gazes of strong envy and hatred among them.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” Yet Renji marched through those gazes with a cool smile as he headed to the counter. He didn’t dislike being looked at with envy. It didn’t feel bad being called Aloof and Ice Emperor—he had been behaving exactly as such, after all.</p>

      <p>Having forgotten about the events of the village—no, in order to avoid remembering the events that had occurred in the village—Renji continued to enjoy his new life as an adventurer to the fullest.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>That was what Renji’s other-world life had been like before everything changed. It was the day after Rio had his fierce battle with Nidoll in the Proxia Castle—two days before Christina and Flora disappeared from the enchanted airship. The first princess, Sylvie Rubia, was visiting the expensive inn room that Renji had rented in stealth.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Renji.” Sylvie sat down on the sofa across from Renji and smiled.</p>

      <p>“You sure about this? Even if you came secretly, you’re still visiting an inn like this,” Renji asked with a chuckle.</p>

      <p>“You sure have guts calling the highest quality inn in this kingdom ‘an inn like this.’”</p>

      <p>“It’s still not a place a princess can visit so casually, right?”</p>

      <p>“Did you not want me to come?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing of the sort. I just can’t give you a proper reception.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? I’m surprised you understand the concept of welcoming your guests,” Sylvie said cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Who do you think I am? Well, whatever. I haven’t seen your face lately, so I just so happened to be wondering what you’ve been up to as well.” Renji sighed tiredly as he asked about Sylvie’s recent developments.</p>

      <p>“Not long ago, there was a banquet in the Galarc Kingdom where the heroes of each nation had gathered. I was away from the capital for a while because I had been invited as the representative of this kingdom. Then there were various things to deal with once I returned, too,” Sylvie answered, her tiredness showing faintly on her face.</p>

      <p>“You met the heroes of each nation...?” Renji asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I talked to them a little,” Sylvie replied while watching Renji’s face.</p>

      <p>“What were they like?”</p>

      <p>The rumors that heroes had been summoned across the Strahl region had also reached the Rubia Kingdom, which Renji was already aware of. He had yet to confide in anyone about his status as a hero, but he seemed to be interested in the other heroes.</p>

      <p>“...They were boys and girls the same age as you and me,” Sylvie answered simply after a slight pause.</p>

      <p>“I see... That aside, has Estelle been well?”</p>

      <p>Renji seemed to feel awkward about hiding his own hero status, so he didn’t ask any further questions about them. Instead, he changed the topic to Sylvie’s little sister, the second princess Estelle. The last time he was invited to the castle, Renji had spent some time interacting with Estelle. In contrast to Sylvie, a gallant lady known as the Princess Knight, her younger sister was a modest and mild-mannered girl. It was because of this that they were often said to have polar opposite personalities for siblings.</p>

      <p>“...Estelle is recuperating right now.” A shadow fell over Sylvie’s face as she spoke.</p>

      <p><em>It’s a confidential matter of the kingdom. I can’t tell him she was taken hostage as a tool for diplomacy,</em> was what Sylvie was thinking.</p>

      <p>“Is she sick?”</p>

      <p>“Well, something along those lines.”</p>

      <p>“If you need any medicinal herbs, I can go get them.”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s okay. She should recover with time, so don’t worry about it. She’ll definitely be able to see you again someday. When that day comes, let’s bring her to this inn,” Sylvie said with a smile to smooth over Renji’s concerns.</p>

      <p>“I see...” For a moment, Renji’s eyes were captivated by Sylvie’s smiling face, but he soon chuckled and said, “But Estelle’s a princess. It’d be better for me to go to the castle.”</p>

      <p>“Hey... What do you mean <em>she’s</em> a princess? What about me? I’m a princess too!” Sylvie blinked, then objected with a dissatisfied face.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you’re the Princess Knight.”</p>

      <p>“Stop that. I don’t like that name.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, you were the one who introduced yourself as the Princess Knight when we first met. We even sparred after that, remember?”</p>

      <p>“I figured introducing myself that way would lead to a match more naturally.”</p>

      <p>The friendly atmosphere over their chat was unthinkable for a first princess and a mere adventurer. Time flew by while they chatted pleasantly.</p>

      <p>“It really is nice talking to you like this; there’s no need to be so stiff about it. It’s calming,” Sylvie muttered.</p>

      <p>“What’s with you all of a sudden?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing. I’ve just had to keep my nerves steeled a lot recently. I was just thinking how it was worth visiting you, as I’ve been feeling pretty burned out.”</p>

      <p>“Have you been working too much? It isn’t my place to say this as an adventurer living leisurely, but working too hard is a problem. You should take some time to relax in moderation too,” Renji advised.</p>

      <p>At that moment, the door of the room was knocked on before opening.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sylvie, do you have a moment to spare?”</p>

      <p>The one who entered was the female knight under Sylvie’s command, Elena Broman. She had been standing on guard outside the room while Sylvie and Renji chatted.</p>

      <p>“...I instructed you to wait outside the room until I left, did I not?” Sylvie asked in a scolding tone.</p>

      <p>“Yes, but—Jean Bernard is requesting your audience.”</p>

      <p>Elena hesitatingly uttered the name of the visitor. Jean Bernard was the alias of the Proxia Empire ambassador, Reiss, when he was acting in the Rubia Kingdom.</p>

      <p>“My audience? Fine. I’ll return to the castle immediately. Sorry, Renji, let’s leave it at this for today—”</p>

      <p>Sylvie was wrapping up her chat with Renji with a grimace when Elena interrupted her to stop her. “Princess. Regarding that... Jean Bernard has actually come here...”</p>

      <p>“Here? Ngh, how did he know...?” Sylvie’s expression grew even more bitter.</p>

      <p><em>Does he know about Renji? He’s a famous adventurer, so it wouldn’t be odd if he did... What does he want? </em>All kinds of possibilities came to mind.</p>

      <p>Renji saw the look on Sylvie’s face and tilted his head in suspicion. Just then, the aforementioned Jean Bernard—otherwise known as Reiss—appeared beside Elena before the door.</p>

      <p>“Pardon my sudden intrusion.” Reiss placed a hand against his chest and bowed his head respectfully at Sylvie and Renji.</p>

      <p><em>I haven’t seen this face before... Haven’t heard his name before, either. Isn’t it rude for a mere retainer to visit a princess undercover without any warning?</em> Renji thought such things as he watched Reiss carefully.</p>

      <p>“...What do you want?” Sylvie asked in a displeased tone.</p>

      <p>“I heard that you were here, so I came to visit. Before I state my business, may I first give Sir Renji the Aloof my greetings?” Reiss stared at Renji with a cheerful grin that bordered on creepy.</p>

      <p>“Well, I don’t mind. But you’re taking up my private time right now. Your business better be important.” Renji leaned back on the sofa, crossing his legs as he spoke menacingly.</p>

      <p>“Yes, it most likely is. Then, if I may give a short greeting: I am Jean Bernard, an unworthy Rubian noble of the lowest rank.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve never heard of your name or family.” Renji had no interest in the nobility of the Rubia Kingdom, so that was a given. A normal noble would have felt offended by Renji’s words at this point, but—</p>

      <p>“Indeed, as we are on the very bottom rung of the social ladder. It is a great honor to meet the renowned Aloof one.” Reiss avoided the topic with a truly pleasant smile.</p>

      <p>“...” Renji watched Reiss with narrowed eyes.</p>

      <p><em>What a creepy dude. The grim look on Sylvie’s face is bothering me, too.</em></p>

      <p>He tried to look out for any changes in expression, but it was like the man was wearing a mask. There was something strange about him.</p>

      <p>“Hey. What is the meaning of this, Bernard?” Sylvie interrupted in an aggravated tone.</p>

      <p>“I had something to discuss with Your Highness regarding the adorable, adorable Princess Estelle. Isn’t it time you went to see her?”</p>

      <p>“...What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“I mean exactly what I just said...” Reiss cocked his head calmly.</p>

      <p>“...I can see her?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. That was our previous agreement, was it not? That you would eventually see her again. However, I am rather busy myself and would be inconvenienced if anything strange got in the way, so if you want to see her, now would be the best time.”</p>

      <p>“...Fine.” After hesitating for a long moment, Sylvie nodded.</p>

      <p>“What’s going on, Sylvie? Wasn’t Estelle recuperating?” Renji asked dubiously.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to where she’s resting. Sorry, but I’ll be leaving for today. I’ll visit you again some time, Renji.” Sylvie put on an air of composure with a fleeting smile and stood up.</p>

      <p>“Right, that’s fine...” Renji stared at Sylvie, not entirely convinced. However, she was already halfway out the door before he could do anything about it.</p>

      <p>“Lead the way then, Bernard,” she said to Reiss.</p>

      <p>“As you wish, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>Reiss pasted a grin on his face and turned to head out of the room and down the corridor. Sylvie followed him out. Just before Reiss left, he gave Renji a look. He flashed a suggestively suspicious smile before vanishing outside the door.</p>

      <p><em>The way Sylvie was acting... Is something strange happening? That man is definitely suspicious...</em></p>

      <p>Renji’s instincts felt heightened. Reiss’s suspicious grin flashed in his mind, giving him an uneasy feeling as he looked out the window at the inn entrance below. Reiss and Sylvie were both boarding a horse carriage. There was something menacing about the two of them.</p>

      <p><em>Weird. Should I follow them and investigate?</em></p>

      <p>With that decided, Renji quickly prepared his belongings and stepped out of the inn.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, inside the carriage Sylvie and Elena were riding on...</p>

      <p>There was no telling how long it had been since they set off. A suffocating silence continued inside the carriage.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Reiss. Who is this man?” Sylvie asked for the identity of the third party sitting diagonally across from her in the cramped carriage. The man’s left eye was hidden behind a jet-black eyepatch, his left arm wrapped in bandages with some kind of spell formula written on them. There was an alarming aura of bloodlust emanating from him.</p>

      <p>“He’s my guard, as it would be unnerving for someone as powerless as me to travel alone. His name is Lucius. He’s in a bit of an irritated mood at the moment, so don’t try anything strange. I cannot guarantee your life if you do,” Reiss answered with a refreshed look, shrugging his shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Lucius?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, do you know of him?”</p>

      <p>“If it’s the commander of the Heavenly Lions, then I’ve heard of the name. However, I don’t recall doing anything that would warrant this amount of bloodlust directed at me. It makes me want to cut him down before I’m attacked first,” Sylvie said, glaring intensely at Lucius.</p>

      <p>“Ha!” Lucius suddenly let out a burst of delighted laughter.</p>

      <p>“What?” Sylvie furrowed her brows.</p>

      <p>“This bloodlust isn’t directed at you, y’know? The bastard I’m dying to kill is somewhere else. In fact, I’d like nothing more than to go and kill him right this moment,” Lucius said with vacant, dark eyes.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Reiss. Is this man deranged or something?” Sylvie narrowed her eyes in suspicion and questioned Reiss. But Reiss merely gave a light shrug without answering.</p>

      <p>“Say, Princess.”</p>

      <p>“...” Lucius had addressed her, but Sylvie adamantly ignored him.</p>

      <p>“Imagine this. Your sister—Estelle, was it? A woman that beautiful was taken hostage. Do you really think she’s still safe right now?”</p>

      <p>“Y-You!” Sylvie reacted fiercely when her little sister’s safety was brought up, a vein standing out on her forehead.</p>

      <p>“Heh.” Lucius sneered.</p>

      <p>“Was that statement just now a declaration that you don’t treat hostages as hostages? If so, this ends here,” Sylvie reached for the sheath at her waist.</p>

      <p>“Hey now, do you plan on drawing that thing in such a tight space?” Contrary to his words, the smirk on Lucius’s face was eager for her to do just that.</p>

      <p>“Do you think I am incapable of cutting through you and the iron plate of this carriage at the same time?” Sylvie snapped.</p>

      <p>A tense atmosphere filled the carriage. Beside Sylvie, Elena also switched to prepare for battle with a grim expression. She was braced to act if something happened.</p>

      <p>Lucius reclined back arrogantly, continuing to provoke them with his gaze. At this rate, one would expect a fight to break out at any moment, but Reiss intervened with a fed-up expression. “Stop that. We are acting formally on behalf of our nation. We’re not the same as your average bandit or mercenary, so we wouldn’t do anything to harm the hostage we obtained. Princess Estelle is completely unharmed,” Reiss said to Sylvie.</p>

      <p>“Acting formally for your nation? You mean the nation that rose from mercenaries?” Sylvie was seething with anger, frowning as she refuted him.</p>

      <p>“How strange. It’s because you consider us a formal nation that you’ve agreed to this secret alliance, no?”</p>

      <p>“Shameless words for one who took Estelle as hostage before forcing negotiations...”</p>

      <p>“That’s another strange statement. Hostages have been used in cross-national negotiations since ancient times, no? Even for internal politics, it wasn’t rare for lords to seek hostages from their retainers as an assurance of obedience...” Reiss tilted his head curiously.</p>

      <p>“Don’t think a nation that takes hostages will be truly trusted in an alliance.”</p>

      <p>“I shall keep it in mind. However, a pact is a pact. We will endeavor in matters other than the hostage in order to form a trustworthy relationship. Therefore, your side should also bear in mind not to ruin a relationship of mutual trust. Well, a few complaints here and there can be overlooked,” Reiss replied calmly to the glare Sylvie sent him.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Sylvie snorted softly and refrained from speaking further. Though reluctant, that was a silent sign of agreement to Reiss’s words. Several minutes later, the carriage came to a stop.</p>

      <p>“Shall we leave the carriage now?” Reiss suggested. Sylvie and Elena got down first, with Reiss and Lucius following them.</p>

      <p><em>So we’ve been brought out of the capital after all, huh?</em></p>

      <p>In order to check on Estelle’s safety, before boarding the carriage, she had agreed to the condition that the destination wouldn’t be revealed until arrival. The window had been closed while they’d traveled, so she didn’t know what route they had taken either, but she had a faint suspicion that they were heading outside the capital. The capital of the Rubia Kingdom was Sylvie’s territory, and Reiss wasn’t senile enough to let her reunite with Estelle in such a place.</p>

      <p>Sure enough, their current location was along the road stretching from the capital, far enough for the tallest royal castle in the capital to be seen in the distance.</p>

      <p>“I don’t see Estelle.” Sylvie looked around. There was no sign of anyone on the road besides them, and they were surrounded by uninhabited grass plains on either side of the road. It seemed the grass lacked nutrition, as the color was poor and the length short. There were boulders large enough to hide a person scattered about the place.</p>

      <p>“Please, come this way.” Reiss gestured with his hand and invited her off the road. Leaving the carriage and driver on the road, he led the way forward.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sylvie, I shall be behind you.”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>Sylvie first followed Reiss, with Elena walking behind her. Further behind her was Lucius, and the four of them proceeded in a single line. Sylvie warily watched Reiss before her, while Elena warily watched Lucius in the rear as they walked.</p>

      <p>“You informed your other subordinates that you would be heading out with me when we departed from the inn, so there’s no need to be so wary. As long as you don’t try anything yourself, that is.” Reiss chuckled as he spoke to the two walking behind him.</p>

      <p>“I don’t intend on doing anything as long as I can confirm Estelle’s safety. However, I hope you’re ready for the worst if I find Estelle has been harmed.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, neither of us have anything to worry about. Please stop here,” Reiss said, pointing to a large boulder ahead him. Three hooded men and a girl appeared from behind that boulder. It seemed she was wearing a magic-sealing collar, but there was no sign of any injuries. She had a sad look in her eyes, seeing her older sister a hundred meters before her.</p>

      <p>“Estelle!” Sylvie reflexively burst into a run. However—</p>

      <p>“Ah ah, please do not get any closer than this.” Reiss stood in her way.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...”</p>

      <p>“As promised, you’ve confirmed her safety. It’s about time we turned back,” Reiss said ruthlessly, his expression cool. Sylvie sent a murderous glare towards him.</p>

      <p>“What?! I’ve only seen her face! And from this far!”</p>

      <p>“But you’ve seen her, no? You’ve achieved the goal of confirming her safety.”</p>

      <p>“As if I can be sure she’s unharmed with just a look. At least let me speak to her,” Sylvie pleaded desperately.</p>

      <p>“We would be accepting a rather high risk if I allowed that... But fine. One of the reasons why this meeting was arranged was to make sure your stress didn’t prompt you to act out of line,” Reiss said, placing his hand by his mouth in a thinking manner.</p>

      <p>“Then...”</p>

      <p>“However, there is one condition you must accept. If you accept that condition, I will allow you to have an uninterrupted conversation for several seconds.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s hear it.” Even if it was only for a few short moments, the thought of being able to converse with Estelle was enticing enough for Sylvie to at least listen to the condition.</p>

      <p>“Your Highness must hand that enchanted sword over to your guard knight.”</p>

      <p>“...Is that all?” Sylvie asked in surprise. She expected a more demanding condition from Reiss at such an opportune moment.</p>

      <p>The enchanted sword Sylvie used was also a national treasure of an ancient artifact. She wouldn’t have let Reiss or Lucius hold it, and even in comparison to those untrustworthy alliance partners, she could just barely entrust it to her close aide Elena.</p>

      <p>“Yes. For someone as powerful as the Princess Knight, I would have preferred to place magic-sealing shackles on you, but I shall put my trust in you. Think of this as an act of deepening our trust in each other,” Reiss requested in an oddly serious tone for once.</p>

      <p>“Fine... Elena, please hold on to this for a short moment.” Sylvie detached the sheath at her waist and handed it to Elena.</p>

      <p>“I shall handle it with the greatest care.” Elena knelt and accepted the enchanted sword reverently.</p>

      <p>“Go ahead, then,” Reiss prompted.</p>

      <p>Sylvie walked towards Estelle. Estelle herself had been temporarily freed and began moving towards Sylvie timidly. The closer the two of them got to each other, the faster their feet moved.</p>

      <p>“Are you unharmed, Estelle?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’m so sorry for all the trouble I’ve caused, Sylvie.”</p>

      <p>The two of them linked their hands and exchanged words of reunion. Sylvie was smiling in joy from seeing her little sister safe, but Estelle’s expression was gloomy due to the fact that her own existence was now an inconvenience to her sister and her kingdom.</p>

      <p>“Don’t let it bother you—you’re not at fault here. Don’t be rash and do anything odd.” Sylvie gripped Estelle’s hand tightly.</p>

      <p>“Okay...” Estelle nodded with a flash of an admirable smile.</p>

      <p>“Have they done anything strange to you?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing in particular. I’ve been placed in confinement, but my living conditions aren’t that different to staying in the castle.”</p>

      <p>“I see... Is there anything else troubling you?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing. I’m sure you’re far worse off than I am. If the necessity arises, please discard me.”</p>

      <p>“Such a necessity will never arise. Never,” Sylvie stated, her expression strained.</p>

      <p>“Thank you...” Estelle placed her hands on her chest and bowed her head with a fleeting smile.</p>

      <p>“Time’s up.” Reiss approached Sylvie from behind, accompanied by Elena and Lucius.</p>

      <p>“All right.” Sylvie turned with a sigh and approached Elena, who stood beside Reiss.</p>

      <p>“Take this, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>Elena kneeled on the ground, returning the enchanted sword to Sylvie. While doing so, she got a good look at Estelle’s unharmed figure and let out a small sigh of relief.</p>

      <p>“Now, Princess Estelle. Please return to those men,” Reiss said, looking at the three hooded men by the boulder.</p>

      <p>“Okay.” Estelle nodded. She separated herself from Sylvie and the others and started walking back.</p>

      <p>Then, from a boulder located diagonally beside Estelle and the men, a figure leaped out at superhuman speed. The figure dashed to cut into the space between Estelle and her captors, and there was a silhouette of a halberd-like weapon in their hand. The mysterious figure raised their long weapon easily in a single hand, blocking the way of the men and slamming the weapon down into the ground.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!”</p>

      <p>A giant wall of ice appeared between Estelle and the hooded men. It was several meters tall and had appeared right before Estelle, making her shrink in on herself. Sylvie and Elena looked shocked. But on the other hand...</p>

      <p><em>Hehe. Like the rumors said, he seems to be a boy of decisive character. Thanks to that, I’ve been saved the trouble of pointing out where he was hiding myself.</em></p>

      <p>Reiss grinned eerily as he watched the back of the figure standing before Estelle.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>A mysterious figure suddenly stood between the three hooded men and Estelle, forming an ice wall to divide them.</p>

      <p>“R-Renji?!”</p>

      <p>The hero who could control the divine arms Cocytus: Kikuchi Renji.</p>

      <p>“Oh? What is the meaning of this, Princess Sylvie?” Reiss twisted his mouth with a chuckle and immediately questioned Sylvie beside him.</p>

      <p>“N-No, this is...” Sylvie was in a panic, thinking he had followed them from the inn, when—</p>

      <p>“I should be saying that.” Renji carried his halberd against his shoulder as he approached. Then, he stood as though to protect Estelle from Reiss and the others.</p>

      <p>“Renji...” Estelle blinked and stared at him.</p>

      <p>“Why, if it isn’t Sir Renji the Aloof. We just met earlier. Then, I shall ask you instead: what is the meaning of this?” Reiss asked with a fearless smile.</p>

      <p>“Did you not hear me? I should be the one asking that. Sylvie said Estelle was recuperating. Why is she being treated as though she’s your hostage? Let’s hear what you have to say about that.”</p>

      <p>Renji frowned, glaring back at Reiss.</p>

      <p>“Why, that would be because she <em>is</em> a hostage,” Reiss acknowledged without a hint of guilt.</p>

      <p>“Oh? So you’re not even gonna make any excuses? You have some nerve.”</p>

      <p>“That’s because I have no need to make any excuses in the first place. You’re the one who’s interrupting us with no awareness of what’s going on, trying to take control as though you own the situation. Aren’t you the one with some nerve here?”</p>

      <p>“My understanding of the situation is fine. No matter how I look at it, you’re using Estelle as a hostage to control Sylvie. That’s what you acknowledged yourself,” Renji scowled as he argued back.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. You’ve happened across a scene of hostage diplomacy.”</p>

      <p>“What trash... Sylvie, Elena, come over here. Estelle is secure now, so there’s no reason to obey them anymore.” Renji glared at Reiss with contempt in his gaze.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure about that?” Reiss chuckled smugly.</p>

      <p>“I’m not asking you.”</p>

      <p>“I see. But did you think we would overlook that passively?” Reiss asked.</p>

      <p>The three hooded men appeared from both sides of the ice wall Renji had created; they had their swords drawn and held at the ready.</p>

      <p><em>I made the wall with the intention of trapping them inside, but I guess they evaded at the last moment, huh? It seems they’re fairly agile. That aside, why do Sylvie and Elena look so scared? </em>Renji observed those around him quickly. “If you don’t want to make an enemy of me, the one they call Aloof and the Ice Emperor, you should retreat. I don’t know who you are or where you’re from, but you don’t want to die in a place like this, do you?” he said to Reiss, who stood in his line of fire.</p>

      <p>“What a cheap provocation.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t recall provoking anyone.”</p>

      <p>“I see. A natural airhead, are you?”</p>

      <p>“Fine, it seems you want to make an enemy of me...” To intimidate Reiss, Renji made a show of looking at his halberd and holding it ready.</p>

      <p>“I see, I see. It seems you’re even more egoistic than the rumors make of you. Reckless, hasty, and arrogant. The type of personality unsuitable for negotiating, yet you seem to have a fair talent for it.” Without any particular sign of shrinking back, Reiss applauded Renji with an unconcerned look.</p>

      <p>“Are you looking down on me?”</p>

      <p>“I’m praising you. The way you flash your tremendous might to one-sidedly have your way is exactly that of a major nation dealing with a minor nation. The courage you have in forcing things to go your way is truly splendid.”</p>

      <p>“He’s just an idiot with no knowledge of how the world works, you mean?” Lucius interrupted with a mocking laugh.</p>

      <p>“Sounds like that man wants to die first.”</p>

      <p>Renji lifted his halberd up with one hand, pointing the tip at Lucius.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Reiss. Can I kill this impudent brat?” Lucius asked.</p>

      <p>Reiss chuckled. “Has your interest finally been piqued?”</p>

      <p>“...Did you just call me a brat?” Renji frowned in displeasure. There were less people who looked down on him by calling him short or bratty nowadays, but that kind of thing had happened regularly back when he first became an adventurer. Thus, for Renji, scornful words like “brat” were taboo. He had taught everyone who had looked down on him like that a painful lesson, without exception.</p>

      <p>“I have no idea who you think you are, but no matter how I look at it, you’re a brat. Especially the part where you overestimate yourself just because you’ve gained a little face as an adventurer.” Lucius sneered at Renji with contempt.</p>

      <p>“I’ve taught all the people who’ve looked down on my appearance a lesson. You may end up in the same boat.”</p>

      <p>“So you were looked down on for both your appearance and your attitude. How scary. Sorry about that, little egoistical one.”</p>

      <p>“You just keep talking...” Renji was seething with enough anger to attack at any moment, glaring at Lucius with dangerous eyes.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait, Renji. Don’t be rash,” Sylvie called out to him in a hurry.</p>

      <p>“...What are you saying, Sylvie? These people took Estelle hostage so you couldn’t oppose them, right?” Renji asked in confusion.</p>

      <p>“That’s...” Sylvie fell silent with a conflicted expression.</p>

      <p><em>It’s true that this situation may seem favorable. However, the Rubia Kingdom as it is now doesn’t have enough power to oppose the Proxia Empire. If I go with the flow of things and take Renji’s side, the Proxia Empire may earnestly begin to invade us as retaliation. If that happens, our kingdom will fall in a matter of months. If the fact I assisted the Proxia Empire at the last banquet circulates, we could be isolated from the nations around us. It would be different if the rescue was done in secret, but this situation is...</em></p>

      <p>It was possible she was overthinking it, but what if this situation was a trap by Reiss? Her attention had been completely focused on her reunion with Estelle, but when she looked back upon it now, she had plenty of reason to fear that the conversation in the inn was made to entice Renji into following them.</p>

      <p>If so, this situation could have been set up by Reiss in order to ascertain Sylvie’s true intentions. That was the natural assumption to make. Despite still being shaken by this situation, Sylvie desperately racked her brain.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong? Please say something, Sylvie,” Renji called out, slightly anxious.</p>

      <p>“Hehe. It seems our relationship is already strong enough to withstand something as simple as transferring the hostage,” Reiss answered on Sylvie’s behalf.</p>

      <p>“What...?” Renji frowned. He could already imagine that it was because they were threatening her with another reason.</p>

      <p>“Renji. I appreciate the sentiment behind you acting for my sake, but this is our kingdom’s problem. It’s not something that can be solved by me returning to the kingdom at this point.”</p>

      <p>Estelle, who had been silent beside Renji until now, finally made up her mind and spoke up. Her expression and words were both gentle, but at the same time had a hint of resignation.</p>

      <p>“See? This is why I called you reckless, hasty, and arrogant. You’ve stepped into a matter that can’t be solved with your power,” Reiss sneered.</p>

      <p>“I said it too. That you’re an idiot who doesn’t understand the way the world works,” Lucius taunted Renji with a hearty laugh.</p>

      <p>“...” Renji stood where he was, trembling with fury. After making such a dramatic declaration of his intent to rescue her, the hostage herself had refused to be saved. It must have been a comical sight indeed.</p>

      <p>“...Don’t look down on me,” Renji muttered after a moment.</p>

      <p>“Ah?” Lucius replied without any interest left.</p>

      <p>“Do you really think my power can’t solve this?” Renji asked Reiss and Lucius with a glint of anger that had nowhere to go in his eye.</p>

      <p>“Bwahaha, you really are a brat after all. Why don’t you switch from an adventurer to a trainee clown?” Lucius said while holding back his laughter.</p>

      <p>“I’ll say this one more time: don’t look down on me.”</p>

      <p>“What if I do?”</p>

      <p>“You have two options: rub your head against the ground and apologize to me through the blood running down your forehead, swearing to keep away from Sylvie and Estelle, or be killed by me right here. Well? You decide.”</p>

      <p>“I believe there are many more options available than that, though.”</p>

      <p>“Oh?”</p>

      <p>The tension between Lucius and Renji was like treading on ice.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey. Stop, Renji! Don’t do anything foolish!” Sylvie tried to stop him in a hurry, but—</p>

      <p>“Sorry, but this isn’t your problem anymore. It’s my problem now. I can’t forgive anyone who looks down on me. I have to settle this in my adventurer way—especially against Mr. Eyepatch over there. Are you ready?”</p>

      <p>Being looked down upon was defeat. That was what being an adventurer was about, which was why he refused to listen any longer. His head was filled with nothing but rage towards Lucius and Reiss now.</p>

      <p>“Well, I never intended on letting you go home quietly now that you’ve witnessed this scene anyway. Which means...” Reiss made a show of looking at Lucius, who was accompanying him as a guard. Lucius gave a light shrug before placing his hand on the pommel of the sword sheathed at his waist.</p>

      <p>“Please wait, Reiss! I’ll talk things out with Renji myself.” Sylvie tried to settle things peacefully.</p>

      <p>“...Do you think I’ll lose to these guys, Sylvie?” Renji asked bitterly.</p>

      <p>“I know plenty well that you’re an undefeated adventurer here. However, even if you do kill them, it would be a problem for us as well. Please understand,” Sylvie pleaded.</p>

      <p>“That’s amazing. Undefeated at home, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Please don’t provoke Renji!” Sylvie scolded Lucius for his mocking.</p>

      <p>“You say that, but he’s already raring to go.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I don’t follow anyone’s orders,” Renji declared with energy.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...” Sylvie fretted.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. It seems that Princess Sylvie has a fairly high opinion of Aloof’s abilities. Which makes this the perfect opportunity for us to demonstrate our abilities as cooperative partners. And so, if I may make a suggestion—how about a bet?” Reiss said as though he had just come up with an idea.</p>

      <p>“A bet?” Sylvie frowned, wondering what he was going on about in a situation like this.</p>

      <p>“It shouldn’t be a bad deal for you, Princess Sylvie. We’ll have a one-on-one duel between my guard Lucius and Aloof over there, and the loser has to accept the victor’s conditions. Let’s see... if the Aloof one wins, I promise to release Princess Estelle unconditionally. I will overlook his intervention here.”</p>

      <p>“Why are you bringing this up all of a sudden...?” Sylvie asked with a wary look.</p>

      <p>“Why, you ask? Because I highly value the fact you didn’t betray us when the Aloof one first intervened. As proof that it’s greatly contributed to our trusting relationship, I just wanted to prepare something befitting.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, I shall do the fighting—”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s going to be me.” Renji spoke over Sylvie’s objections to the duel.</p>

      <p>“Renji...”</p>

      <p>“Like I said, this is my fight now. I have no intention of backing down after being made a fool of to this extent.”</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided.” Reiss smiled pleasantly.</p>

      <p>“I have no objections to the bet, but the fight is mine. I want an additional condition.”</p>

      <p>“As you wish.” Reiss agreed easily to Renji adding a condition. Sylvie’s face twisted bitterly.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. But before I state my condition, let me hear your condition on the off chance that Mr. Eyepatch wins,” Renji said.</p>

      <p>“I have only one request if Lucius wins: that from then onwards, you will become my subordinate and follow my orders. For example, if I tell you to fight someone I designate,” Reiss explained.</p>

      <p>“...Fine. In return, if Mr. Eyepatch loses to me, you’re going to give me all your money and become my slaves.”</p>

      <p>“Hehehe, very well. Then it’s decided. If you have anything you want to say before the duel, go ahead. You may temporarily keep Princess Estelle over with you as well.” It was clear the contents of Renji’s conditions were harsher than Reiss’s, but Reiss agreed readily with a fearless smile. Then, he started walking out of earshot of Sylvie’s conversation and towards Lucius.</p>

      <p>“...Hey, Reiss,” Lucius said to Reiss’s back in a displeased tone.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Are you doubting your ability to win?”</p>

      <p>“That’s not it.”</p>

      <p>“Rest assured. Even if you win, I wouldn’t do anything like use the Aloof one to pour water over your thirst for revenge. I’ll be disappointed if you lose, so I intend on giving you extensive backup,” Reiss added with a shrug, sensing that Lucius was dissatisfied.</p>

      <p>“I’m saying I don’t need that backup.”</p>

      <p>Perhaps it was because they were talking about Rio now, but Lucius’s atmosphere had completely changed. His voice took on an ice-cold tone with not a drop of warmth whatsoever.</p>

      <p>“Oh? But that eye and arm of yours are products of my most dedicated form of backup, no? Are you saying you’ll carry out your revenge without using them?”</p>

      <p>“...Silence.” Lucius exuded even more anger at Reiss’s carefree attitude.</p>

      <p>“Good grief. What a whimsical person indeed. However, you need to find the location of the boy, no? I’d appreciate it if you trusted me a little more.”</p>

      <p>“I know you well. You have no problem lying to people’s faces—betraying people easily after gaining their trust.”</p>

      <p>“How harsh.”</p>

      <p>“But I don’t care what kind of man you are outside of my business with that bastard. So hurry up and tell me his location.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve told you many times already, his location is under investigation. I haven’t been able to grasp his trail after he delivered the Beltrum Kingdom’s first princess to the Restoration. He’s the type of person to wander all over the place, after all,” Reiss said with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I don’t have any reason to cooperate with you,” Lucius said, implying that he was free to act independently.</p>

      <p>“I have a plan. And my methods should be to your liking. I believe it should be far more efficient than searching on your own. It would be one matter if you accompanied me, but if you don’t accompany me then I’ll have to exclude you when I make my move, no?”</p>

      <p>“Is that a declaration of war?”</p>

      <p>“I’m hurt. I even prepared this fight for you as a prelude to your fight with your beloved one. You’ve been recuperating recently, so your battle senses have dulled a little, have they not?”</p>

      <p>“...I’m losing interest in this.”</p>

      <p>It was true that Lucius’s skills had dulled after his long recuperation period. That, and he did think crushing Renji would act as a good distraction. However, when he thought about how this development was entirely planned by Reiss, his interest was immediately dampened.</p>

      <p>“Now, don’t say that. Please use this battle to test the abilities of that eye and arm. If you lose, we’ll become his slaves, you know,” Reiss chuckled.</p>

      <p>“Are you saying I’ll lose?”</p>

      <p>“Not at all. As long as he hasn’t awakened as a hero, there isn’t even the slightest chance of you losing to him.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph. Time to finish this quickly, then. Seems like they’re ready too.” Lucius stopped in his tracks and turned as he spoke. Renji had also finished saying what he needed to say to Sylvie and the others and was watching Lucius and Reiss with a sharp gaze.</p>

      <p>“Shall we begin, then?” Reiss and Lucius approached Renji once more.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Renji and Lucius glared at each other as they stood on a wild grass field littered with boulders. Beside them were Reiss and Sylvie, and another few dozen meters in the distance were Estelle, Elena, and the three hooded men.</p>

      <p>“Now, for some simple rules. A victory will be decided by making your opponent surrender or rendering them unable to fight any further. Killing is technically against the rules, but there isn’t really a penalty for doing so. Any objections?” Reiss explained briefly.</p>

      <p>“Oh? My abilities aren’t suited for knocking enemies unconscious, but you’re saying it’s fine if I end up killing him? How convenient.” Renji smirked, his mood brightening at the opportunity to finally silence the man before him. He didn’t doubt his own ability to win at all, which strangely calmed his anger and elevated his spirits. He was undoubtedly in his best condition.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind if you come at me with the intention to kill me. Use that halberd’s power however you wish. Don’t hold back,” Lucius responded boldly.</p>

      <p>“That was my intention from the start... After all your boasting, you’d better survive the first hit. I’ve grown so bored of finishing off all my enemies in one shot,” Renji lamented, sighing dramatically.</p>

      <p>“Sure. Look forward to it.” Lucius drew the black sword at his waist with his left hand as he spoke. Then, he removed his eyepatch. Underneath was an eyeball the color of all-engulfing darkness. There was no distinction between the pupil, iris, or conjunctiva. It was as though he had pitch-black darkness in place of a left eye.</p>

      <p><em>Left-handed, huh... His left arm covered in bandages also seems strangely showy... Is he afflicted by an other-world version of eighth-grader syndrome? Not to mention that black sword...and what’s with that creepy black eye? Can he even see with that?</em></p>

      <p>Renji looked at Lucius in disgust.</p>

      <p>“Hey, why are you standing still? Got cold feet?” Lucius asked with a sneer.</p>

      <p>“No, I was looking at your left eye and arm, and that sword. They all seem oddly showy, so it’d be a real laugh if they were just for looks,” Renji chuckled mockingly.</p>

      <p>“Cut the chit-chat there. The moment this pebble I throw hits the ground, the match will begin. Now, both of you take your places. We shall stand back as well,” Reiss said, walking over to where Estelle was with Sylvie. Once he was twenty or so meters away, he threw a rock roughly the size of his palm. The rock flew in a parabolic line, landing between Renji and Lucius. The moment it landed, Renji closed the ten meters of distance to Lucius in the blink of an eye, swinging his halberd downwards with great force.</p>

      <p>Lucius reacted to that speed by moving backwards by a minimal distance. The blade of the ax missed Lucius’s face by a hair’s breadth.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, so you can react properly to this speed,” Renji said as though he was impressed. “But now it’s time for you to die.” Instantly, the area ten meters before him froze over, creating a block of ice several meters tall that swallowed Lucius.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. Looks like you were all talk after all...” Renji mumbled, venting his pent-up rage. He poured magic essence into his Divine Arms to strengthen his physical body and swung his halberd at the ice block with all his might. “Haaah!”</p>

      <p>It was a spirited brandish. The impact caused a tremendous shattering sound, the halberd taking out a chunk of the ice without coming to a halt, sending ice powder blowing everywhere.</p>

      <p>Renji closed his eyes and smirked, bringing his halberd up to rest on his right shoulder.</p>

      <p>“It’s over. After all that blabbing I had to listen to, you were no different from the average punk in the adventurer’s guild... What a disappointment. It would’ve been more interesting to actually have you apologize as my slave,” he said as though assured of his victory. However—</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Who would have imagined such a dull fool.”</p>

      <p>The voice of someone who shouldn’t have been there could be heard. He should’ve been dead.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What...?” Renji whipped around.</p>

      <p><em>Thud</em>. The sound of something hitting the floor.</p>

      <p>In the next moment, Renji felt like his left side had lightened in an odd way. He turned around to see Lucius standing with his black sword in his hand.</p>

      <p>“You’re such a disappointment, I’ve completely lost interest. This can’t even be called a warm-up to my match with that bastard,” Lucius said with a bored look.</p>

      <p>Renji looked at Lucius with an incredulous face. Then he turned his gaze to the ground where the sound had come from. There was an arm on the ground wearing clothing that looked very familiar. What could this mean?</p>

      <p>“...An arm? Wait... My left arm?”</p>

      <p>Renji was extremely confused as he looked at where his left arm should have been. However, there was nothing there past his shoulder. Instead, a tremendous amount of red liquid was gushing out, flowing onto the ground.</p>

      <p>“RENJI!”</p>

      <p>One beat later, the scream of a familiar girl’s voice could be heard in the distance. Renji looked up to see Sylvie pale as a sheet, Reiss and the three hooded men obstructing her from running over to him.</p>

      <p>“Hey.” Lucius grabbed Renji by the neck with his right hand, easily lifting his small body into the air.</p>

      <p>“Gah...” Renji groaned in pain. Struggling for breath, he finally registered the reality of what was happening.</p>

      <p>“What are you zoning out for over just one arm? Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Gngh... Ugh...”</p>

      <p>Lucius tightened his hold, making Renji’s face twist in pain. Losing his strength, the halberd in his hand fell to the ground with a dull thud.</p>

      <p>“Are you frustrated? You must be. I get it. I also see that bastard’s face whenever I look at this left arm of mine. That’s why I won’t settle with just taking the bastard’s left arm. I won’t settle with gouging out his left eye. I won’t accept it if he dies with just that. That’s why I’ll take everything from him, right before his eyes. I’ll kill him half to death and drag him around, then drag around everyone precious to him and make him watch.” Lucius ranted about his grudge with bloodshot eyes, furiously agitated.</p>

      <p>“Uhh... Ah... Ugh...” Renji’s consciousness was fading, the light in his eyes weakening by the moment.</p>

      <p>“Seeing your face just now reminded me of the bastard again. That’s why I used you as a dry run of the real thing—so don’t think I’ll let you pass out this easily. Hey, you listening? What are you passing out for?!” Lucius yelled at Renji harshly, then threw his body into the hole gouged into the block of ice. The weakened ice crumbled and rained down on Renji from above.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>There was utter silence for a few seconds, but after a moment, Renji’s halberd vanished from where it lay on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Screw...you...!” Renji leaped out of the ice. His halberd was clenched in his right hand as he attacked Lucius, losing himself in his anger.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” Even though there was still space between them, Lucius swung the sword in his left hand. Renji then lost his balance and crashed to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Guh?!” Renji tried to scramble to his feet, but he lost his balance and fell forward. He tried to stand up again, but fell once more.</p>

      <p>It was as though he couldn’t get his footing at all. Renji’s feet had been severed at the knees.</p>

      <p>“Take a look at your feet,” Lucius sneered.</p>

      <p>Renji looked towards his lower body. “Wh-When did...?! Gah!”</p>

      <p>Immediately after that, Lucius stood before him and kicked his face with all his might. Renji’s body flew several meters up into the air.</p>

      <p>“Hey! This better not be all you’ve got!” Lucius cut beneath Renji and launched a sharp upwards kick at his falling body.</p>

      <p>“Gngh...!” Renji’s body flew into the air once more. He could see Lucius’s figure getting farther away below him, but before he knew it, Lucius had disappeared. Or so he thought—</p>

      <p>“Where are you looking?”</p>

      <p>Lucius’s voice came from above his head, followed by a strong impact against his back. Lucius had landed an ax kick with all his might.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!”</p>

      <p>Renji’s body accelerated downwards. He crashed into the ground, unable to brace himself for the impact. His halberd fell from his right hand once again. As his body rebounded back upwards from the impact, Lucius appeared before him.</p>

      <p>“Yo,” he said cheerfully, grabbing Renji by the neck with his right hand. Then he tightened his grip.</p>

      <p>“Aah...”</p>

      <p>At that moment, fear filled Renji’s eyes for the very first time. As though to back that up, Cocytus vanished from where it lay on the ground. Lucius didn’t fail to notice that, either.</p>

      <p>“Seems like you picked a fight against the wrong person, huh?” he said, throwing Renji’s body to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Ugh... Urgh... I-I surren... Gah?!”</p>

      <p>Lying with his face downwards, Renji used his right hand to desperately crawl away from Lucius as he tried to say he surrendered.</p>

      <p>However, Lucius stomped on Renji’s back before he could.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>