<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: Engagement</h1>

      <p>In the Beltrum Kingdom, in a certain room of the Rodania guest house, Sakata Hiroaki was seated beside Roanna, facing Duke Huguenot.</p>

      <p>“One week has passed since Princess Christina and Princess Flora disappeared. And Vanessa hasn’t woken up yet, so we have no idea what happened. With no correspondence from the two of them, the Restoration has fallen into chaos. At this rate, the nobles may rebel and cause the organization to collapse. The Restoration is facing its greatest dilemma yet.”</p>

      <p>Hence, they had to administer a powerful remedy to address this as soon as possible. Duke Huguenot explained the situation to Hiroaki with the gravest expression he’d ever had.</p>

      <p>“Well, I suppose I get what you’re saying... But are you serious?”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki crossed his arms with a peeved expression, then stared at Duke Huguenot with a discontent look. He’d witnessed the chaos of the Restoration from a close proximity this week, but he was unsure if he should just accept Duke Huguenot’s proposal.</p>

      <p>“Yes. For form’s sake, Galarc Kingdom’s Third Princess Rosalie will be your first wife, and Roanna will be your second wife. I humbly ask that you agree to declaring these engagements as soon as possible.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Rosalie will be thirteen next year...”</p>

      <p><em>That would easily be a crime in Japan, right?</em> While he didn’t say that out loud, even Hiroaki felt some reluctance towards marrying a girl of that age so easily. While he wasn’t entirely unwilling, if he was being entirely honest, he was hoping for one more reason to give him the final push.</p>

      <p>There was one particular reason that came to mind, but it was against his beliefs to ask for it himself. Or rather, he feared what others would think of him if he did. Thus, he hadn’t tried to make a move himself until now.</p>

      <p>But now that he thought about it, there was no better chance than this—it was possible he’d never have a better chance if he hesitated here.</p>

      <p>That was why he resolved himself.</p>

      <p>“...I have a condition,” he said coolly.</p>

      <p>“What might that be?” Duke Huguenot bowed his head as though he was willing to accept anything.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki cleared his throat and gave his condition. “It’s not really for me to negotiate, so I’ll leave that to you, but...I want Liselotte as my third wife. Can you make that happen?”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>