<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Interlude: The Fifth Hero</h1>

      <p>Several months ago, around the time Satsuki, Rui, Hiroaki, and Takahisa were summoned to the Strahl region...</p>

      <p>In the group of small kingdoms sandwiched between the Galarc Kingdom and the Proxia Empire, there was a small country called the Vilkis Kingdom. On the eastern side of this kingdom, a hero was secretly summoned.</p>

      <p>The hero’s name was Kikuchi Renji, a high school student who lived in Japan. He was slightly below the average height of a male high school student at 160 centimeters tall, and he had an innocent but strong-willed look on his face.</p>

      <p>“Where...is this? Am I...standing in a crater?” Renji muttered, wide-eyed and confused.</p>

      <p>After returning home from school, he had left the house still dressed in his uniform to drop by the convenience store. Yet before he knew it, he found himself standing in an unfamiliar place. The area where Renji stood was gouged into the ground like a round crater, leaving him in the center. It was no wonder he was surprised.</p>

      <p>There was no sign of anything man-made around him, and it seemed whatever had created this crater had blown away everything around it during the impact—there was nothing but the ground spreading out in a circle around him wherever he looked. The edge of the crater appeared to be several hundred meters away, but Renji couldn’t tell what was going on outside the crater from where he stood.</p>

      <p>“It’s a little cold... And today was meant to be warm... Is this still Japan?”</p>

      <p>Renji trembled in his school blazer as he took another good look around. The time of day hadn’t changed, but the location was completely different. It was at this moment that a thought crossed his mind.</p>

      <p><em>It’s almost like one of those other-world summoning novels.</em></p>

      <p>Japanese people were reading a lot of novels involving summoning to another world, so the possibility occurred to him.</p>

      <p>“Nah, that couldn’t be.”</p>

      <p>The novels Renji read were merely a form of entertainment to kill time. Fictional worlds inside fictional stories. There was no way that could happen in real life.</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>Something that should’ve been impossible <em>had</em> happened. He was in a situation that couldn’t be explained in any other way. Renji cast his eyes over the area and gulped.</p>

      <p><em>I guess I’ll check what’s going on outside the crater</em>.</p>

      <p>With that decided, Renji started walking towards the edge of the crater. There was an incline from the center to the farthest edge, so moving out of the crater was easy. He arrived at the edge to see a forest of trees spread before him.</p>

      <p>“A forest, huh...” Renji closed his eyes as though to avoid reality and tapped himself on the head a few times, then opened his eyes and looked around again. The crater was still surrounded by trees as far as he could see.</p>

      <p>“That’s right, my smartphone...is out of range, huh?” Renji suddenly took his smartphone out of his blazer pocket. The impossible situation had shaken him so much, he forgot about the first tool he should have checked. However, the symbol near the battery indicator showed he was out of the network range. This meant that even if he was still in Japan, he wouldn’t be able to use an app to find his location.</p>

      <p>“I guess...I’ll look around outside the crater for now.”</p>

      <p>It was possible that this crater was located at the edge of the forest, and he’d be able to make his way out easily.</p>

      <p>With that decided, Renji sighed heavily and started walking.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Some time later...</p>

      <p>“Well, that was a waste of time after all...”</p>

      <p>Renji was unable to find a way out and sighed heavily. No matter where along the outer perimeter of the crater he stood, he couldn’t see the end of the forest.</p>

      <p>“Do I have no choice but to enter the forest? I guess not... Hm?”</p>

      <p>He leaned against a tree while looking around at the area and talking to himself. Then, from the other side of the crater, a group of people appeared from the forest. There were eight of them.</p>

      <p>“That’s...!”</p>

      <p>Renji spotted the figures opposite to his position and almost ran forward without thinking. However, he was stopped by the caution that rose within him.</p>

      <p><em>No matter how you look at it, they’re not Japanese... They’re dressed like they walked straight out of a fantasy world. Some of them even have swords.</em></p>

      <p>Renji quickly hid behind the tree he was leaning on and strained his eyes to watch the group that came out of the forest. They were all men in their twenties to forties. Some of them had spades in their hands. If those were farming tools, were they being used in place of weapons? They didn’t have any defensive equipment like armor, shields, or helmets equipped, and the clothes they were wearing all varied. Compared to the school uniform Renji wore, they seemed quite plain.</p>

      <p><em>They don’t seem like soldiers... Are they villagers? </em>Renji guessed.</p>

      <p><em>They’re pointing at the crater and saying something.</em></p>

      <p>The villagers seemed to be excited. He couldn’t tell what they were saying, but there didn’t appear to be any anger in their expressions. Were they surprised?</p>

      <p><em>That aside, my eyes feel like they can see really clearly right now... They should be pretty far away, yet I can see their faces without a problem, </em>Renji suddenly thought. His vision didn’t require glasses, but both eyes were below 1.0. He wondered why he could see so far and so clearly.</p>

      <p><em>Are they coming this way?</em></p>

      <p>The men started walking along the outside of the crater.</p>

      <p><em>Even if I showed myself, we wouldn’t be able to communicate. I don’t want to approach armed men barehanded either. Let’s see what happens a bit longer.</em></p>

      <p>Renji decided to retreat a little farther into the forest. The attention of the villagers was drawn to the crater, as though they were wary of something.</p>

      <p><em>There may be wolves or other dangerous beasts. Wait, this is a fantasy world, so monsters might also be possible.</em></p>

      <p>Once he reached that thought, Renji glanced back at the forest in fear. There were only dense trees growing there, but the thought of dangerous creatures gave him the chills. However, he couldn’t move from his current position. Renji hid himself in the trees and waited for the villagers to approach.</p>

      <p>After roughly ten minutes had passed, the men were finally beside the trees Renji was hidden behind. Renji retreated a little farther into the forest to avoid detection, holding his silence while listening attentively to them.</p>

      <p>“Chief, how do we explain this to the lord of the region?”</p>

      <p>“No clue. We have no choice but to report the reality as is—that all the water in the lake has vanished.”</p>

      <p>Obstructed by the trees, there was roughly ten meters distance between them, but he could clearly hear the conversation between the villagers.</p>

      <p><em>So that crater was a lake, huh... Wait. Wait, what?! I understood their words?! They can speak Japanese?!</em></p>

      <p>Renji swallowed his breath in shock.</p>

      <p>“We went around once but there was nothing. The sun will set soon, so let’s head back,” the village chief said, ushering the other villagers to move. They proceeded to leave briskly without noticing Renji’s presence. Once he confirmed that, Renji followed them at just a far enough distance not to lose sight of them.</p>

      <p><em>Being able to speak Japanese is like the exact template of an other-world story, but I’m grateful. I don’t want to approach armed strangers, but if I can communicate with them then I may be able to negotiate something. At any rate, there’s no point in staying here. Whether I negotiate with them or not, I should at least follow them to get out of this forest.</em></p>

      <p>Renji was almost certain that this was another world now. He decided he would follow the villagers until they left the forest.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p><em>We only walked for a bit, but we got out of the forest pretty fast, surprisingly.</em></p>

      <p>Renji had arrived at the edge of the forest. A hundred meters ahead of him were the villagers he had been following, and past them was the village they were heading towards. The village was surrounded by a rather tall fence to prevent intruders from getting in, and there was a gate as an entrance to the village.</p>

      <p><em>They must be residents of that village.</em></p>

      <p>From the sight of the poorly built wooden rooftops and their numbers, the population of the village was probably a few hundred or so people. The sun was already starting to set, so his only choice was to rely on the hospitality of the village or sleep outside.</p>

      <p><em>I can guess what their standard of living is like from the look of their buildings, but I suppose it’d be better than sleeping outside. Well, I’ll have to make do. </em>Renji decided on going to the village.</p>

      <p><em>If I follow those guys into the village like this, they’ll realize I came out of the forest after them. It’d be an issue if they pried into why I was at the crater. I should move. </em>With that thought, he took a detour. He distanced himself so the villagers wouldn’t spot him, then went around the outside of the village to the opposite side to the forest. The opposite side to the forest was farmland. The road towards the village cut through the farms, so he made his way to the road and through the gate, when—</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>He encountered a girl who appeared to be a villager. She must have been in her mid-teens—either the same age as Renji, or younger. The girl spotted him and froze at the sight of an unfamiliar stranger.</p>

      <p>“Hey, are you one of the villagers here?” Renji marched right up to her.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I am. Umm... Are you a noble?” the girl asked, looking at Renji’s face a little warily.</p>

      <p>“No, I’m not a noble.”</p>

      <p>“But you’re wearing fine clothes...”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. So these look like fine clothes to you?” Renji looked down at the high school uniform he was wearing.</p>

      <p>“They’re so clean... Only a noble would wear something like that.” The girl looked between his clothes and her own in comparison. Hers were rather worn out and dirtied by her daily work, looking rather shabby in Renji’s eyes.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>