<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>I’m sorry.</p>

      <p>Tarisa Warinai here, an author who’s always aiming for a happy ending.</p>

      <p>The main story has finally reached a stopping point in a variety of ways. Incidentally, the finale of volume 3 may have seemed like the end of the world for Kanami, but the story does continue. This story’s got legs. Or maybe I should say that I just want it to continue up to the point where the deepest level is reached. It’s <em>that</em> kind of story, but please let me keep it going (and I mean that sincerely). By your good graces do I keep writing...</p>

      <p>I think many of you fine folks might be thinking, “If they’re going to start this afterword by apologizing, they should’ve never crafted a plot like this to begin with.” But despite that, this is the kind of story I wanted to write. I wanted to write the portal fantasy tale of an overpowered protagonist who experiences joy and sorrow in equal measure alongside cute girls (the girls part is important). He wins some and loses some. Some things go well, and some things go poorly. That was the type of story I wished to pen.</p>

      <p>Now to change tack—it’s time to make this afterword a cheery one. Volume 4 will mark a new saga in the series, featuring a new setting for our hero, who’s reborn to the world as Aikawa Kanami. Please look forward to his exploits! (That’s the feel I’m going for now.)</p>

      <p>As you gleaned from the ending of this volume, the next country where the story will unfold is neither Vart nor Whoseyards, but the nation of Laoravia. I thought it would be a shame to set the story in a fantasy world and not get to tour it, so here we are. I’m going to have our hero complete the tour of all five nations in the Dungeon Alliance eventually. And of course, I’ll have him flirt with cute girls in every locale as we go. You can thank me later, Kanami.</p>

      <p>Needless to say, volume 4 will bring with it a new girl in the heroine role and a new protector figure, so please look forward to that too. The new heroine was voted number one in the web version reader poll. I understand the protector figure’s popularity, but the new heroine’s popularity is still an enigma to me. Perhaps she’ll be the one on the cover of volume 4? If she is, then unlike Maria before her, I can’t even guess what sort of expression she’ll have.</p>

      <p>Speaking of which, the cover of this volume: I’d wanted Maria to be smiling while crying tears of blood, but I got yelled at for that idea. Instead, we got a more wonderful cover than that idea would have yielded. It has a lot of aspects that are pregnant with meaning, which is the sort of thing I like. I can’t even begin to thank Ukai-san, who illustrated this gorgeous cover, enough. A red-cheeked Maria throwing flowers into a fire while our hero sits in a chair behind her. The fact that he’s so listless on the cover is me being self-indulgent. I can’t thank Ukai-san enough for including that detail too. I’m sure that I’m not the only one who’s satisfied with this cover—Maria would be too, I think. And that’s because this cover is the representation of her vision of happiness. For those of you who have the what-if story where Maria wins, this is exactly that. You can thank me later, Maria.</p>

      <p>Thanks to Maria and her cover, this afterword got to end on a cheerier note. If the volume publication progresses smoothly, there may come a day when I get to say, “You can thank me later, Dia,” or “You can thank me later, Lastiara,” or “You can thank me later, Palinchron.” And that’s a thing of beauty.</p>

      <p>I’ve received the illustrations my heart’s desired over the course of these past three volumes, and my appetite for more is insatiable. Nothing has changed since the afterword in the last volume. <em>Ahh, I wanna see an illustration of that scene between Lastiara and Kanami in the print version...</em> I crave them so much I can hardly bear it. And while I’m at it, I’d like to be able to say, “You can thank me later, Snow” too. Such is my current state of being.</p>

      <p>The promotional catchphrase I have in order to keep the print version volumes coming is: “The overpowered protagonist summoned to another world goes on a thrilling adventure with cute girls who are full of charm. Now let’s dive down to the deepest level of the enormous Dungeon and grant our hero’s wish to return to the world he calls home! Volumes 1, 2, and 3 now on sale!” Or something like that. Maybe. I don’t know; marketing’s hard.</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, this afterword’s turned into nothing but a bundle of all my wants. My apologies.</p>

      <p>Forgive me for being like this; I sincerely hope you’ll keep supporting me. The only reason I’ve made it to volume 3 like I always wanted is because of all of you who picked this book up and all of the lovely people who sent me support and advice and the like through the web version. Every time I take an already-published volume in hand, my body trembles with gratitude.</p>

      <p>A huge thank you to all of you. I pray that we can meet again in volume 4.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>