<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Aim for the Top of the Academy, Part 3</h2>

      <p>How quaint that I should be surprised by the immensity of Eltraliew Academy’s dining hall, when there was a bevy of other such startlers. The classrooms, for one. You’d expect to see classrooms in an academy, of course, but these had so much that was odd about them. Not only were they just plain huge, their numbers, varieties, and facilities were also beyond the ordinary. The academy had spent their funds so lavishly that the place looked a lot more like a research lab than it did any educational institution.</p>

      <p>Plus, while the fact that the instructor was at the head of the room waving their pointer thing around was no different from how lessons worked in my world, the sides and rear section of the room were very weird indeed. Assistant teachers were standing in two lines, as were the servants of the nobles among the students. There were even more people than in those days back in my world where parents had stood in on a class.</p>

      <p>Seated at a long table at the center of the classroom, I’d been nothing but distracted by how packed the room was and all the eyes everywhere. However, the (for lack of a better word) “friends” who were sitting through the lesson beside me looked pretty nonchalant and unruffled, making me, outworlder that I was, the odd one out. The boy who’d become friends with me just the other day, Liner Hellvilleshine, saw the object by my hands and praised me like he always did.</p>

      <p>“You really are great at this, senpai. Maybe this sort of thing’s your forte?”</p>

      <p>He was the only one in this academy who called me “senpai.” The day I had set my sights on him in that dining hall, I’d proposed that we rig a match between us. I’d practically gone down on my knees; I’d begged and begged and begged. As a result of that painfully pathetic pleading, I’d earned a strange measure of trust from him, and before I knew it, we’d become friends, picking the same electives when the times matched. I couldn’t put my finger on why, but we got along swimmingly. So much so, in fact, that perhaps we’d enjoyed a deep bond in a different life. Crazy thought, I know.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, my forte, huh? I dunno. It might be because I learned similar material someplace else,” I said, keeping it vague from a lack of confidence.</p>

      <p>The lesson we were currently taking was on the creation of magical tools. To further clarify, it was a lesson under the broader subject of alchemy. For an outworlder like me, the lessons at this academy were all gobbledygook (and I didn’t have the money to buy textbooks to begin with), so picking this course might have been a stroke of luck for me, since what we were doing was fairly akin to normal craft-making. In addition, the magic formulas we wrote into the magic tools were slightly reminiscent of mathematical equations. In any case, I had an affinity for the subject matter. Maybe Liner was right. Maybe it was okay for me to take pride in this and call it my forte after all.</p>

      <p>“Your workmanship is way different from mine. I think it’s a safe bet you’ll get a good grade for it.”</p>

      <p>“Then how about we swap? I’ll give you this guy, and in exchange, you throw our duel?”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I’m too scared of my sister.” Liner averted his eyes.</p>

      <p>This was what he’d been like the whole time. While it sucked big time that I couldn’t earn any money through a duel, I didn’t want to lose my precious friend, so I didn’t force the issue.</p>

      <p>Having no other choice, I approached the girl sitting next to me, opposite Liner, with the same idea. She herself was staring at the magic tool.</p>

      <p>“Annius, you’re not the best at this kinda thing, right? I’ll give you mine, so—”</p>

      <p>“I’ll pass. This lesson isn’t a required subject or anything. And if I find myself in a pinch, I can just make do using my clan’s influence. You do know how loaded I am, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Dammit,” I whispered. “What point is there being friends with you people?”</p>

      <p>Annius’s sharp hearing picked up on what I said, and she smirked. “Oh, honey, I don’t know if you can get away with saying such things. Who was it who treated you to some food when you were on the brink of starvation, hmm, Kanami? I <em>can</em> stop feeding you, you know?”</p>

      <p>As I was currently being given the cold shoulder by all of my social betters, I couldn’t so much as set up a duel. And given how penniless I was, if she left me to the wolves, I was screwed.</p>

      <p>“You treated me, Lady Annius, ma’am. I’m sorry I was being sassy.”</p>

      <p>“Apology accepted. I’ll grace you with some white bread later.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh. Thank you ever so kindly...”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, that’s what I like to hear!”</p>

      <p><em>Jeez, talk about frustrating!</em></p>

      <p>“I really do feel a kinship with you, senpai...”</p>

      <p>Annius had made me look so uncool before my kohai to boot. <em>One of these days, I’ll make this girl regret crossing me!</em></p>

      <p>While Annius was treating me as her plaything, poking me on the cheek, the lesson on magic tools drew to a close. When the main teacher saw my submission, he said, “I see. I guess this makes the Headmaster backing you make sense. Tch.”</p>

      <p>And then, for some reason, he rated Liner’s and Annius’s submissions higher than mine, even though theirs were the worst in the whole class.</p>

      <p><em>This academy blows chunks. I can’t.</em></p>

      <p>Our morning lesson now behind us, we spent our afternoon ambling aimlessly around. Then my daily search for somebody who’d take up a duel began.</p>

      <p>“Let’s start with safe choices today too. There’s a variety of people, so eventually, it’ll happen for you.”</p>

      <p>Using Annius’s and Liner’s connections, I made the acquaintance of select students one by one. Naturally, I wasn’t able to get friendly responses from them. That was because they perceived me as the kid who, immediately after transferring, got cocky and beat students whose families were of stupidly high standing despite being so low level. As such, much of the student body figured that if they dueled me, the well-to-do ones would zero in on them. Nor were there any who seemed to want to be friends with me.</p>

      <p>“Dammit. Another day with nothing to show for it.”</p>

      <p>“Even a kid like me with special circumstances can’t get you any yeses. I had a feeling...”</p>

      <p>“Something wrong, Liner?”</p>

      <p>“There’s a possibility that somebody is poisoning the well. Like, for example, a student from a leading noble house who doesn’t think highly of relative lowborns like us. Ah!”</p>

      <p>Liner spotted some girls walking toward us from the other side of the hall and he slipped off to the side. I turned to find Annius had too. In fact, every one of the students was looking at them now. I followed suit, yet—</p>

      <p>“How do you do? You’re still searching for a partner to duel with, isn’t that right, Monsieur Aikawa?” said an extremely self-important-looking girl. “I must say, however, do you feel no shame, looking for somebody who will throw the duel for you?”</p>

      <p>Her facial features looked dignified, and her hair was long and a light crimson in color. The Name section of her menu told me she was Karamia Arrace. If I remembered correctly, the Arrace Clan was one of the foremost noble houses in all the Dungeon Alliance.</p>

      <p>“She’s the granddaughter of the current Blademaster,” whispered Liner.</p>

      <p>As a descendant of such a big name, this “Blademaster” person, she was considered a “heroine,” and she had a glittering future set before her on a platter. Her Level had reached 20, which placed her firmly outside the mold of a mere student. She was one reason they called it “the year of miracles.” She was so, so beyond my reach.</p>

      <p>And now, someone of her stature was picking a fight with me...not knowing that the bad blood between us would be the cause of endless remorse to come.</p>

      <h2>Where Good Sir Hine Did Fight</h2>

      <p>In the end, this fight had been taken to the highest echelon.</p>

      <p>“<em>Sehr Wind!!!” </em>I shouted, the cathedral at my back.</p>

      <p>The last of the magic rings on my fingers shattered to pieces, unleashing a full-energy blast of wind magic.</p>

      <p>My magic teacher, Vice-Head Monet, countered my spell all too breezily. <em>“Sehr Wynd.”</em></p>

      <p>“Urgh!”</p>

      <p>The wind scattered, the magic energy erased. In the wake of the now-nonexistent spell, stalwart knights pressed in on me. They came at me like a tempest; from the right, the black-armored Head Knight Pelsiona Quaygar, and from the left, the extensible magic blade of Ragne Kyquora.</p>

      <p>I didn’t possess a means by which to defend against a simultaneous attack from both people. By continually retreating in large leaps, I was able to somehow avoid sustaining a fatal wound.</p>

      <p>As we battled, the Head Knight kept shouting at me. They spoke for all the other knights as they swung their sword. “Why, Hine?! I saw so much promise in you! I thought you would be the knight to stand with all of Whoseyards on your shoulders!!!”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. That’s something I cannot do,” I murmured even as I struggled.</p>

      <p>At that, the ferocity of the Head Knight’s offensive only intensified. So much so that even Ragne, who was attacking me alongside them, was taken aback.</p>

      <p>“You’re the one who told me that one day, as the firstborn son of the Hellvilleshines, you’d become a worthy knight of Whoseyards, aren’t you?! That’s the reason I—”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. That was a lie,” I said matter-of-factly as I swung my own sword. I no longer felt any need to lie to myself like that. But while that in and of itself was refreshing, confessing to betraying the solicitude of the senior knight I held in such esteem did pain my heart. Their blade didn’t reach me; what was truly gashing me was this sense of guilt.</p>

      <p>Their onslaught pushed me all the way back to the gate that was the cathedral’s entrance. Having nowhere to run against five of the Seven Celestial Knights wasn’t a great spot to be in. As such, I addressed the youngest among them in my vain struggle.</p>

      <p>“Ragne, you at least understand where I’m coming from, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? I, err...” Shaken, she stopped in her tracks.</p>

      <p>“And you, Sera,” I continued. “It looks like it goes without saying for you.”</p>

      <p>Sera was the one who was at the very rear of the five, and the one who was grimacing the most. She was currently in significant distress, not knowing what was the right choice to make. She was torn, and that manifested as an incensed expression on her face. Much like how I had looked moments ago.</p>

      <p>“Eyes on <em>me</em>, Hine!” fumed the Head Knight. “You talk to <em>me</em> first!”</p>

      <p>They put their whole body into their next attack, forcing me inside the cathedral in order to evade it. The vestibule was quiet. The vestiges of magic energy lingering in the cathedral clued me into Palinchron’s intervention.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the knights’ savage assault was unrelenting. Leading the pack was the Head Knight, with Ragne and Mr. Hopes backing them up. Behind those three, Mr. Monet was constantly ready with the spellcasting, so this fight was tough enough to have me on the urge of spewing bile. My body and magic energy were both past their limits, and I could faint at any moment. But that was fine by me. That was good and proper.</p>

      <p>“You’re being ridiculous, Hine!” said the Head Knight. “Do you think nothing of <em>dying</em>?!”</p>

      <p>I was managing to keep the fight alive by the skin of my teeth. I of course replied without hesitation, as though it were the most obvious thing. “Yes. I’m glad to be able to die this way.”</p>

      <p>I could hear the black knight grind their teeth from behind the visor of their helm. That same instant, their sword swung my way. With my skills being insufficient to take the sheer dynamism driving their blade, I was pushed back again and again. From the left and the right, from above and from below, the blows rained down. And again and again, I retreated. They chased me across the hall and past the staircase, cornering me by the shrine room where the ceremony was taking place. The door was at my back, and from the noise leaking out from the other side, I could tell they were right in the midst of it.</p>

      <p>“It’s over. Now put away your sword, Hine Hellvilleshine.”</p>

      <p>The Head Knight spoke my surname too. They really meant it when they said this was the end. My body shivered. The word spoken by the person I respected the most sparked my recollection of that which I’d forgotten thanks to Palinchron. Hine <em>Hellvilleshine</em>. Just hearing that name threatened to stay my hand.</p>

      <p>“No,” I replied. “Also, please don’t call me by that name!”</p>

      <p>The state no longer concerned me. Nor did my clan, my parents, or anybody else. <em>I’m me. I’m not “a Hellvilleshine.”I want to believe that.</em></p>

      <p>“You are a Hellvilleshine knight! You are a knight of Saint Tiara, as you always will be! And I’m gonna remind you of that fact by breaking your arms and legs!!!”</p>

      <p>I was scared. My chains were beginning to catch hold of me again. Giving in would spell the end. I’d wind up just as the Head Knight said. That was why I wanted somebody to call my name before that could happen. I wanted somebody to cheer me on by calling me not Hine Hellvilleshine or Celestial Knight, but the knight of one fair maiden. That would be all it would take!</p>

      <p>Overpowered by the enemy, my hands were shaking. I was a coward at heart, so my opponents’ total lack of ambivalence had me panicked and frightened. Ultimately, I fled. I ran from those five, barging into the heart of the cathedral.</p>

      <p>When I flung open the door in search of salvation, the spectacle that met my eyes was that of a suffering girl and a boy fighting in his own way. Something hot coursed through my body, and my shivering ceased in an instant. Palinchron was also there. For some reason, he had the boy’s back and was actively protecting him.</p>

      <p>My first thought was how unfair that was. I was jealous. I went in to cover the boy’s back as well, throwing myself into the chaos and confusion unfolding in the shrine room.</p>

      <p>The whole time, the Head Knight continued glaring at me. It was terrifying; damn my boyhood memories for making me so loath to turn traitor against them.</p>

      <p><em>But even so... Even so!</em></p>

      <p>“That’s news to me!” said the boy. “At the very least, the Celestial Knight I know, Hine Hellvilleshine, doesn’t feel that way! He’s not a knight of Saint Tiara! Isn’t that right, Mr. Hine?!”</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, aughh, arghhhhhh!</em></p>

      <p>He had spoken my name. That alone banished all of my fear. So long as the boy believed in me, I could still fight. No—I could fight till the end of time.</p>

      <p><em>Thank you.</em></p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, that’s right! Of course! The one I serve isn’t some figure from ancient history like Saint Tiara! It’s not a dead lady I’ve been wanting to protect with all my heart! It’s the maiden living and breathing here and now! And now I can finally say it with my chin held high! I am milady’s knight!”</p>

      <p>That was my answer. The answer of the thing known simply as Sir Hine, a normal knight. And now I was convinced that my life was my own. Even I could tell that I was tearing up slightly.</p>

      <p><em>Thank you, Sieg. I mean it. Or should I say, my </em>other<em> oath-sworn master: Kanami.</em></p>

      <p><em>With this, I can fight to the ends of the earth. Yes, that’s right, to the very, very, ends of the earth. Even if this body of mine should rot in so doing, I </em>will<em> fight!</em></p>

      <h2>The Dia Shower Scene My Editor Bullied Me Into Writing</h2>

      <p>“Here goes. <em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>Atop my hospital bed, I cast my mainstay spell. What resulted wasn’t that beam of searing light from days past, but the arrow of fire the spell was always supposed to be. It was sitting in the palm of my hand without flying out. That would have been unthinkable for me before now. Back then, firing at full blast was all I was capable of, so my progress had me so moved, I could just about tear up. And what made me especially pleased was the fact that I could now be of help to the friend I respected and revered.</p>

      <p>“Yes! Now I’m not only able to control the firepower. I can even temporarily suspend the spell’s activation!”</p>

      <p>And it was all thanks to my teacher, Ms. Alty. I hadn’t known the first thing about any of it, and she’d taught me a whole host of things free of charge. I owed her the world.</p>

      <p>“All right, next I’m gonna put a pause on the activation of multiple <em>Flame Arrow</em>s! Teach told me that if I can make lots of them at once, it’ll become a derivation called <em>Petalrain</em>! Heh heh. I bet Sieg’ll be real surprised if I can pull it off!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be the first in line to gape in shock, Miss Dia.”</p>

      <p>I damn near jumped out of my skin. Before I knew it, the doctor in charge of my case was there, smiling in the chair by my bed.</p>

      <p>“Huh, when’d you get here?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve been here the whole time. I figured that if I broke your concentration while you were casting spells, it would end up leaving the room a wreck once again, so I elected to stay quiet and watch.”</p>

      <p>I laughed in a feeble attempt to smooth it over. “Ha, ha ha, ha ha ha ha.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Now then, I suppose we’ll be having to place magic locks on you as early as tomorrow. And please don’t worry. I’ll do my due diligence and obtain permission from Mr. Sieg first.”</p>

      <p>I knelt down in apology atop my soft bed. “I... I’m sorry! Whatever you do, Doc, don’t do that! Anything but that!!!”</p>

      <p>I’d be okay with anything <em>but</em> Sieg finding out. I didn’t want to inconvenience him, and it was kind of embarrassing!</p>

      <p>“If you’re going to apologize, then please don’t do it to begin with. Look at how much you’re sweating. If you get too cold, you’ll fall ill with something else,” he said, turning his gaze in the direction of the bathroom.</p>

      <p>“Right, yes, sir. Err, I’ll go wash up right away.”</p>

      <p>I guess that answer was satisfactory, because after a simple medical evaluation, he made to exit the room, though not before saying, “Ms. Dia, I trust there will be no next time.”</p>

      <p>All I could do was bow my head. “No, sir.”</p>

      <p>And just like that, I was once again alone in the room with nothing whatsoever to do. I heaved a sigh and dragged myself to the door in the corner. Behind it lay an excessively luxurious bathroom. As for why I was now able to use a room that could be called a culmination of magic gem technology, the money Sieg had raked by selling off Tida’s magic gem had paid for my medical expenses and then some. But the number one reason was...</p>

      <p>“So they found me, huh?”</p>

      <p>After flinging off my hospital clothes, the disgusting wings on my back were laid bare. They were the symbol that I wasn’t who I was. The proof that labeled me “Apostlekin.”</p>

      <p>Now that I was naked, I started using the shower to wash my sticky-with-sweat body. The water was hot, but it felt nice, and it traveled down my skin, rinsing off all my perspiration.</p>

      <p>“I <em>was</em> going pretty hard back there. Guess it can’t be helped...”</p>

      <p>At long last, those priests of the Church of Levahn who were in Whoseyards had discovered me here. It seemed that because the web of affiliations between them and the religious faction in my hometown were slightly different, it had taken them some time to verify it, but there was no doubt that they’d take strong measures soon enough. At the moment, they were aiding my convalescence, choosing to station themselves near the hospital and merely monitor me.</p>

      <p>“I... I’d hate to bother him.”</p>

      <p>The first face to float into my mind was my friend’s. The black-haired, black-eyed Sieg. The moment I thought about him, a slight flush lit up my cheeks.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>The other day, Teach had asked me what Sieg was to me, and ever since then, I’d been weirdly <em>conscious</em> of it for some reason. I’d replied immediately that he was a friend and comrade, but the more I recalled that exchange, the more a different term began to emerge.</p>

      <p>He was a comrade, an ally...and also a friend...and I respected him and depended on him...and he was a swordfighter who made it look cool—more so than I could. And also...</p>

      <p>“This water’s hot.”</p>

      <p>That was it. It was the shower’s fault.</p>

      <p><em>I’m not a “Miss.” I’m a boy. I can’t be a “Miss.”</em></p>

      <p>The moment I denied it, my head started hurting. Ever since I’d leveled up, I’d been getting chronic, throbbing headaches. And with every headache came the same scene in my mind’s eye. The sight of a blonde woman fighting. And her face looked familiar. The first time I’d seen it, I’d thought, <em>A grownup me fighting a grownup Sieg?</em></p>

      <p>But then I shook my head. “No, it can’t be...”</p>

      <p>The woman’s enemy was hiding his face with a mask, and he had long black hair. There was no proof that it was Sieg, and there was no proof the woman was me either. She may have looked a little like me, sure, but there were also differences between her and the me I currently was. For example, the biggest point of difference between us...was our breast size.</p>

      <p>“As if mine would ever get that big.”</p>

      <p>I looked at my chest. I had a feeling my breasts were a bit red and swollen, perhaps because as of late, I’d taken to wrapping a long white cloth around my chest and upper back. What was there wasn’t the big bosom of the adult in my vision. My breasts were small. There was no comparison.</p>

      <p>My breasts were small.</p>

      <p>My breasts............</p>

      <p>“That’s enough showering.”</p>

      <p><em>I’m me. </em>That was what I muttered to myself inwardly. I wasted no time quashing my misgivings. I had things to do: I had to shake off my pursuers, these migraines, and the scene that kept playing in my head. I was going to explore the Dungeon alongside Sieg, and that was all I should be thinking about. And in order to do that, my task for the time being was...</p>

      <p>“All righty, time to train some more, and this time I’ll make sure the staff don’t catch on!”</p>

      <p>To make <em>Flame Arrow</em> mine to command, I changed into a fresh set of hospital clothes and exited the bathroom, moving at a brisk pace as I murmured to myself—a brisk pace so that I could hide the redder-than-usual flush in my cheeks...</p>

      <h2>At the Pub (Part 2)</h2>

      <p>“What?! The newbie’s on the wanted list?!” shouted the pub manager, staring at the wanted poster that had been thrust into his face.</p>

      <p>In fact, the great majority of the pub-goers were wide-eyed with shock. “Wait, huh? Our Sieg? But why?”</p>

      <p>The establishment’s resident pretty waitress, Lyeen, had been setting a table; she nearly dropped her tray.</p>

      <p>“Siegfried Vizzita is currently at large, having kidnapped the Saint of the Church of Levahn and Her Grace the Apostle. As such, we kindly ask for your permission to search the premises.”</p>

      <p>The knight clad in silvery steel spoke politely, but their stern countenance brooked no refusal. And that was to be expected, seeing as this pub had been the suspect’s workplace.</p>

      <p>“Levahn? Ya mean that church the folks over in Whoseyards believe in? You’re sayin’ he kidnapped the saint and the apostle of that there church? <em>Our</em> newbie?”</p>

      <p>“That’s correct. On the morning of the Day of the Blessed Birth, he stole into the Whoseyards shrine room, cravenly took the foreign guests of honor as hostages, and abducted them while they were unable to move as they were in the middle of the ceremony.”</p>

      <p>Mouths remained agape. The manager, Lyeen, and customers who’d all been listening from nearby were all frozen in place, baffled. The knight’s watchful eyes took note of that, as their job was also to ascertain the reaction of the people at the pub that public enemy Siegfried had once worked at. They promptly concluded that the pub was not a party to this crime. One look at the poster girl and they could tell. She had barely managed to keep from dropping her tray, and that reaction was impossible to fake.</p>

      <p>“I heard that this is Siegfried Vizzita’s place of employment. But I also heard that he hasn’t shown up for work as of late.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, er, yeah, he took a sudden leave of absence.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Perhaps he put his personal affairs in order before getting up to such devilry. My apologies, but please allow me to thoroughly examine this area. It’s closely linked to the case.”</p>

      <p>“It’s just about closing time, so I don’t mind, but...”</p>

      <p>The knights’ search began once closing time came around. As knights of Whoseyards, their search was nothing wild or violent, but they didn’t hold back either. They checked behind the pub, inside the kitchen, and all of the storehouse, leaving no nook or cranny unexamined.</p>

      <p>The manager stood watch over them as he prepared for the next day’s work over in a corner of the establishment. Krowe, one of the pub’s regulars, happened to be there when the place closed for the day, and unlike the other patrons, he’d stayed.</p>

      <p>“Boss, are you seriously takin’ ’em at their word? You honestly think Sieg’s the kinda guy who’d do somethin’ that crazy?”</p>

      <p>Lyeen, who had been in a daze nearby, echoed Krowe’s feelings, leaning forward to hound her manager. “He... He’s right! There’s no <em>way</em> that sweet kid would <em>kidnap</em> anybody! If I so much as raised an eyebrow at him, he’d quiver and get all in a dither. He’s straitlaced and sincere, unlike most kids these days!”</p>

      <p>The manager urged her back with the palm of one of his hulking hands before expressing his opinion such that the knights couldn’t overhear. “Calm down, you two! I don’t think he’s some kidnapper either. But defending his honor to them won’t do anybody any good. The wanted poster’s been made and everything, and we’ve got fully armored knights on the hunt for him. Obviously, the only right choice for now is to do what they say.”</p>

      <p>“That may be, but still...”</p>

      <p>“But sir!”</p>

      <p>The two scowled. They knew he was right, and when they realized that there was nothing they could do, a hush fell for several long seconds.</p>

      <p>“Besides,” muttered the manager, “hypothetically...it could be the case that what they’re sayin’ ain’t totally—”</p>

      <p>“Is there somethin’ you’re rememberin’, Boss?!” asked Krowe.</p>

      <p>The manager looked a bit distressed, but he continued on truthfully. “Well, see...before the newbie took that long leave of absence, an incredible knockout of a girl came to the pub. She’d been hiding her face with a cheap-lookin’ hood, but she was a gorgeous girl with long flowin’ hair. And to tell ya the truth, I’m thinkin’ she might just have been the ‘saint’ or the ‘apostle’ in question.”</p>

      <p>“This is the first I’m hearing of this, sir,” said Lyeen, glaring reproachfully.</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on, Boss. Wait up a sec. You’re tellin’ me that a big shot in the world’s largest religion rolled up to a place like this by herself?”</p>

      <p>Being the ear-to-the-ground person that he was, Krowe could scarcely believe it. The more one knew about Whoseyards, the stranger the manager’s words came across.</p>

      <p>“I know it sounds loony. But she made such an impression that I can’t think of who else it could have been. She wasn’t just beautiful, see. Her sense of presence was outta this world. She exuded enough pressure to shut <em>me</em> up.”</p>

      <p>Of course, the real reason he hadn’t argued with her was mostly because he’d caved to a pretty girl’s tears, but the manager didn’t mention that. He had his pride to safeguard.</p>

      <p>Krowe analyzed the fragmented information he’d been given. “I see. So in other words, that super larger-than-life girl must be the ‘lady’ of that scary knight who visited us before—that Sera Radiant person. And if that’s the case, then you’re right. Things start clicking into place.”</p>

      <p>Krowe had arrived at the same conclusion as the manager. There was no clear evidence, but possibilities were starting to come into view.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” said Ms. Lyeen. “Wait, so you’re saying what that scary knight is claiming is true. Sieg really <em>did</em> kidnap that pretty young thing? But then, how on earth could our Sieg have possibly stolen into the most heavily guarded shrine in all the Alliance?”</p>

      <p>She was assuming that Sieg was subject to everyday common sense, but just the other day, Krowe and the manager had discussed how the kid defied common sense.</p>

      <p>“Hrmm...” said Krowe. “Honestly, that’s...back me up, Boss?”</p>

      <p>“I hear you, Krowe. If the newbie got steadily stronger, it ain’t outta the question.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, ’cause he’s got the talent to be a scout...or really, to be a thief. Man, if I’d known this’d happen, I’d have been pushier about inviting him into my diving party.”</p>

      <p>The two battle-hardened warriors didn’t doubt the newcomer’s abilities at all, a fact that threw Ms. Lyeen for a loop.</p>

      <p>“Huh? For real? Sieg’s strong enough to be able to kidnap a VIP like that?”</p>

      <p>All the two could do was nod. Once again, a hush fell over them, and once again, that silence was broken after some seconds.</p>

      <p>“So he ran away with her!” shouted an excited Lyeen, happy for him. “He’s eloped with his true love! Aha! If we’re talking elopement, then I <em>can</em> kind of see it being a possibility. He does strike me as the type to devote his all to the girl he fell for! Like, to the level where he had no eyes for anything else!”</p>

      <p>Krowe heaved a sigh. It seemed the time to take this seriously was at an end. “Y-Yeah, knowing him, it’s not inconceivable. He seems like the type who can make a right mess o’ things when he gets panicky.”</p>

      <p>The two laughed at Sieg’s expense.</p>

      <p>“Well,” said the manager, “guess there’s no point in sittin’ here bitin’ our nails over it. If ya really think about it, that newbie’s got <em>us</em> beat, if only in the runnin’ away department. Just about the only thing we can do right now is live our normal everyday lives and wait for him to come back.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose so,” said Ms. Lyeen.</p>

      <p>Mr. Krowe just nodded in reply, a strained smile on his face.</p>

      <p>With that, their talk of the new kid came to an end, and the knights’ search concluded at around the same time.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>A few days later, the pub was all abuzz with a single rumor.</p>

      <p>“He eloped?!”</p>

      <p>“You serious?! You really mean that newbie waiter ran away with that rich girl?!”</p>

      <p>“He’s done it now!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, come to think of it,” said one woman, “back during the festival, I did see the boy walking around with an incredibly pretty girl.”</p>

      <p>“So wait, then that broad from the Seven Knights who came here was totally right! He<em> was</em> up to somethin’!”</p>

      <p>“We gotta suck it up and apologize next time she rolls around! And we’ve gotta ask the guards-knight how she’s holdin’ up now that her lady’s gotten whisked away by some lothario!”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, sounds like a plan!”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>They ate up the rumors as they enjoyed their booze, and merry laughter filled the tavern.</p>

      <p>“Lyeen...” said the manager to the worker he so trusted.</p>

      <p>“I... I’m sorry, sir... I just couldn’t help but want to talk about it.”</p>

      <p>The perpetrator behind the rumors’ spread hung her head. The manager was, as always, soft on cute girls, so he couldn’t yell at her about it. He just scratched his head. Yep. It was the same as always—even in the newbie Sieg’s absence, the pub still functioned, for better or worse.</p>

      <p>That being said, a few days later, when the ruffians who made up the majority of the place’s clientele started to forget about the rumors, they all remembered the boy once again when the biggest fighting tournament in the Dungeon Alliance commenced.</p>

      <p>The location: Laoravia. And that day would reshape the history of the Alliance forevermore. Everyone in the tavern would see the boy and the beautiful rich girl at the Brawl.</p>

      <p>But that was a few days hence. There was still a little while yet before that tale unfolded.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>