<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Whaddya mean, ‘apparently’?! You don’t even know for sure yourself, do you?! Tell me you’re not feeling shaken, or puzzled! You don’t know what’s right or not either, do you?!”</p>

      <p>I seized on this chance to change her mind, showering her with questions, but an instant later, she was the Lastiara with the bright and cheery look on her face.</p>

      <p>“Heh, heh heh, heh heh heh. You’ve got it wrong. I’m gonna become Saint Tiara. I’ll be going on a heart-pounding adventure, conquering mighty foes, experiencing various encounters and farewells—I’ll be the hero everyone admires. I’ll <em>be</em> that hero! It’s gonna be so, so amazing!”</p>

      <p>She laughed, eyes wild and crazy. She had changed so suddenly it was almost like a case of spirit possession. But then:</p>

      <p>“I’m sure it’ll be amazing... I’m sure of it...”</p>

      <p>She turned mealymouthed once again.</p>

      <p>“S-See? You’re <em>not</em> confident! You’re afraid of being sacrificed!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not afraid. It’s not that I’m afraid of dying. You should know that from watching me fight in the Dungeon. I’m not so <em>weak</em> that I’d cower before a little thing like <em>that</em>!”</p>

      <p>Aaand she’d swung back to bold. But now I had something of a grasp on the trigger that caused her to one-eighty like that. Every time I spoke against the ritual, the artificial Lastiara poked out from inside her. And if I continued in this way, we would just keep going in circles. This must have been what Palinchron was talking about when he’d said she was the result of constant conditioning. In all likelihood, I could say it till I was blue in the face but I’d never persuade her. That was how she was now. I was impotent to do say anything besides:</p>

      <p>“Really, though? Are you <em>truly</em> fine with it?”</p>

      <p>“It’s not just me who’s affected, Sieg,” she said smilingly. “Everybody in the Cathedral, everyone in Whoseyards, and Saint Tiara herself are all looking forward to it. This vessel is up to its nose in the hopes of the people! So I’m gonna go through the ritual.”</p>

      <p>“Well even so, I think I ought to veto the ritual.”</p>

      <p>We glared at each other, but no amount of glaring was going to put a dent in her determination. I knew that from how much time we’d spent together. When she had that look on her face, she’d never give in. She’d just double and triple down, clad in madness all the while.</p>

      <p>The silence pressed on as we continued our stare down. Lastiara was the one to break it. Her expression flipped from courageous and spirited to something clingier. Another emotional afterquake? But no, this seemed different.</p>

      <p>“If so—if that’s how you feel, then will you come save me? Will you do as Hine said and go on a journey with me someplace far away, just the two of us?”</p>

      <p>The outer corners of Lastiara’s eyes fell, and she looked up at me with a look that said she was depending on me. It was the first time I had seen Lastiara showing such frailty. My eyes reeled open with shock at her show of age-appropriate girlishness. She was like a little kid. And I hoped that this was the real Lastiara, not the artificial one. But it came with a question that I could only answer any <em>other</em> time. Would I go on a journey with her?</p>

      <p>But in this stretch of time, I had one singular absolute—I had to reach the deepest level of the Dungeon and effect my Great Return. It was my goal in life and my objective in this world. However, there was no way the two of us could adventure together after leaving the Dungeon Alliance.</p>

      <p>“That’s... I...”</p>

      <p>“Would you make an enemy out of all of the knights of the Alliance and the entire country of Whoseyards? Would you wreck tomorrow’s ritual for me? Would you take that gigantic risk that it takes to rescue me?”</p>

      <p>None of those questions sounded like curiosity. They sounded like pleading.</p>

      <p>“Would you be the hero of my story?”</p>

      <p>I could see the crying little girl inside her. And that little girl wished to be saved. There was no doubt about it. This wasn’t the artificial Lastiara’s voice. This was the real Lastiara’s voice. Maybe if I replied to this voice correctly, I could draw out more of the true Lastiara and have a real conversation with her. And if we just communicated our intentions to each other, I could even persuade her. This was my one chance to change her mind. This was the timing to seize on. And yet...</p>

      <p>And yet I couldn’t give her an answer.</p>

      <p>The problem was that her desperate plea was overly at odds with my Great Return. A confluence of factors were playing tug of war inside me—my conscience, my sense of morality, my obligations, my selfishness. I was frozen. And upon seeing me unable to move an inch, Lastiara’s face clouded.</p>

      <p>The window of time I could reach her was over, like a fleeting comet. She reverted to her typical cheerful expression, laughing it off as usual. “Ha, ha ha! That was a joke. You don’t need to do anything like that. I know you haven’t got that kind of time. You’re already at your limit thinking about yourself.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine’s counsel had come to no avail. The opportunity for my voice to reach her had come and gone, and I’d said nothing. I’d been unable to say a thing.</p>

      <p>“You’re a candidate, Sieg. I won’t impose anything on you. You don’t have any obligation or responsibility to do that.”</p>

      <p>She tossed the rest of the bread into her mouth with a smile.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, she’s back to being the same as always.</em> The same instability, the same restlessness, the same wavering, the same tendency to change her tune at record speed.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Lastiara, we’re not done talk—”</p>

      <p>“Besides, it might be a non-issue to begin with. There’ll be times where I override Saint Tiara’s consciousness. Wonder how it’s gonna shake out? I mean, I’m pretty damn strong too.”</p>

      <p>She spoke of the next day with an optimistic, forward-looking, delighted smile, and there was no sign she’d listen to any objections. She ate up all of the rest of the bread and got to her feet. “Thanks for the meal. I’ve got stuff to do for tomorrow, so I’ll be off. I don’t think I’ll be able to help with exploring the Dungeon today, so you can hang out with Mar-Mar. And give her my regards while you’re at it.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s just talk a little more!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara turned her back to me, as if to say there was nothing left to discuss. “Tomorrow night, I think I’ll drop by, so wait until then... Ciao ciao.”</p>

      <p>With those as her parting words, she exited the house. Wondering if I should fight to stop her, I stuck a hand into my inventory. However, I hesitated for too long, and in that time, Lastiara scurried out, leaving me alone.</p>

      <p><em>Were those her last words just now?</em> The thought brought on intolerable feelings that threatened to crush me.</p>

      <p>Just then, I heard the door open behind me. On the other side of the door stood Maria. Her expression seemed about as gloomy and grave as mine, and she was staring my way. I could tell that she’d overheard the conversation.</p>

      <p>“Maria, were you listening?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>Perhaps she’d been about to come in but saw us acting out of the ordinary and didn’t want to step into that, so she ended up eavesdropping.</p>

      <p>“So, err, does that mean Miss Lastiara...”</p>

      <p>“She left. Just as you heard.” I feebly pointed to where she exited.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure you’re okay with this, Master?”</p>

      <p>“The problem’s just too big... At least, as I am right now, I can’t drift away from the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>That was the situation in a nutshell. To boil it all down, the problem was simply too huge for a schoolboy like me to handle.</p>

      <p>“So when the new version of her, Miss Tiara, comes along, are you going to think of her as Miss Lastiara and continue Dungeon diving with her?”</p>

      <p>“She won’t be Lastiara at all. She’ll be someone else in her skin. Of course I can’t just go on like before.”</p>

      <p>I could never treat some person to whom I had no emotional attachment as though she were Lastiara. If anything, Tiara would be my <em>enemy</em> for supplanting Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“At the very least, there’s no way I could think of her as my comrade.”</p>

      <p>“I see,” she said, her voice pure and clear. “I’m happy to hear that. Truly.” There was no sadness or rage there. She felt nothing but relief from the bottom of her heart.</p>

      <p>“You’re... You’re <em>happy</em>?” I couldn’t understand why. I’d thought that she was on good enough terms with her to mourn her departure. But it was the exact opposite. And then, she pulled the same thing Alty had once pulled on me.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>