<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: At the End of Day of the Blessed Birth for “Lastiara”</h1>

      <p>“All right. The time has come.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine’s voice snapped me out of my waking dream. We were in front of the bridge leading to the cathedral. Perhaps because the flashback had gone by so fast, I couldn’t remember what had happened in it save for fragments of scenes. My only real takeaway was the sense that I could definitely trust him.</p>

      <p>“Ah, uh, right!” I caught up with him and moved next to him, stealing a glance at his face from the side. What I saw on his handsome countenance was a smile.</p>

      <p>Through his magic energy, I’d been able to get a small peek into the state of affairs that motivated him, but that didn’t mean I understood the true meaning of his smile yet. I only realized, vaguely, that an old memory was triggering it.</p>

      <p>We passed through the crowds waiting for the ceremony and stepped onto the bridge. Upon our crossing that line, the guard knights rushed towards us, and in response, we went about constructing our spells.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>. Spellcast: <em>Freeze</em>.”</p>

      <p>“<em>Wynd Breath</em>. <em>Wynd Draw</em>.”</p>

      <p>I deployed a sphere of detection magic several meters in radius, intermingling <em>Dimension</em> with my ice magic. That was the preparation I needed to be able to launch my new magic at any time. Cold air began to leak from my body, and the ground I trod froze over.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine, meanwhile, made the wind coil around him. He also spread countless lumps of wind around us. At the sight of that, the approaching knights blanched. One of them raised his voice at Mr. Hine.</p>

      <p>“Sir... Sir Hine, what on earth—”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I’m in a hurry.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine moved one of the clumps of wind, blowing the knight away from the edge. The knight flew off to the side and fell down from the drawbridge. Then came the splash.</p>

      <p>The other knights’ expressions hardly remained unchanged after that display. They tried drawing the swords that were sheathed at their waists, but it was my turn now. Before they could, I closed the gap and flung one of their number away with all my strength. That knight joined the previous one in the river. The others finally drew their swords and attempted to intercept the two cads who had come out of nowhere to commit brutal acts of violence in front of their sacred cathedral.</p>

      <p>They were all so slow. They didn’t even have the time to raise their swords. Mr. Hine’s clumps of wind flew wildly, and the knights were dunked into the river one after another. I tossed the one who had escaped Mr. Hine’s zephyrean onslaught, and he too met his comrades in the drink.</p>

      <p>A high-pitched shriek sounded behind us. No doubt it was someone in the crowd screaming in response to our dastardly deed. But my companion remained calm.</p>

      <p>“Let’s run along,” he said. “Leave the enemies with the high ground to me. I won’t let them ring any bells or send up any smoke signals.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>The knights waiting at the back of the bridge noticed the irregularity, and they swarmed after us like so many ants. Mr. Hine and I ran towards them without needing to confer. I felt his magical power swell as he sprinted beside me. One of the rings he wore cracked, unleashing the same spell as before.</p>

      <p>“<em>Sehr Wynd</em>!”</p>

      <p>The gale-force winds shooting from his hands blew away a portion of the clustered knights. I raced through the opening the squall had created and felt his magic power swell even more.</p>

      <p>“Go on ahead, lad! <em>Sehr Wynd</em>!”</p>

      <p>Yet more storm winds. A raging gust grazed my cheek before blowing away the knights in front of me and shattering the lattice gate in front. The attack had forged a path leading to the cathedral’s interior grounds.</p>

      <p>“You want me to go without you?!”</p>

      <p>“Yes! Listen to me—you’re the one who’ll save her! You can let me handle everyone behind you!”</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine was adamant about me being the one. I’d have preferred him to not be so fixated on that, but his eyes were so serious and determined that I could tell he’d never back down no matter what. Pushed onward by the force of his will, I nodded.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>