<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>It made me want to show the passive, negative Kanami of a few days ago how I was now. I could say it out loud without embarrassment: with a little courage, you can make wonderful things happen. If you do your best, the results of your hard work will bear fruit. That was what I wanted to tell my past self. Sure, this was a fantasy world where everything beggared belief, but for that very reason, a happy ending right out of fiction was awaiting me. My past self needed to know that.</p>

      <p>My body felt light as a feather as I ran. There was no more anguish or rage over my “???” skill. <em>I can do anything.</em></p>

      <p>I continued along the path of roofs and crossed the nation’s border, dashing down the Vart highway and heading for the hill where my house was located. The house where Maria was waiting. I felt like now, I could properly engage with her feelings. I could face everything I’d been avoiding and solve that problem. I’d gained the confidence to be able to do it. That was how decluttered my heart had become. And that was the reason I wanted to see Maria.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, I wanna see Maria quick. I wanna see her, and then...and then...</em></p>

      <p>But what met my hopeful eyes when I laid eyes upon the hill wasn’t my house. It was smoke. Something was burning there atop the hill. A large dark plume was filling the sky.</p>

      <p><em>Huh?</em></p>

      <p>My jubilation was dampened in an instant. I got the distinct sensation that the peace in my heart had been dropped into a pitch-black puddle. I turned pale. My head was empty. I bolted home, running alone up the hill to reach the source of the smoke. And then I got there...and I saw it.</p>

      <p>It was my house. My house was on fire.</p>

      <p>Two girls were staring at it too. At my house, which was crackling like a campfire as it burned. They turned to look in my direction.</p>

      <p>“Look. Sieg’s here,” Alty told Maria with a smile.</p>

      <p>Maria found me and smiled innocently. But that smile soon disappeared. She looked behind me, and her expression stiffened. Alty comforted her, whispering something as she stroked her head consolingly.</p>

      <p><em>This is nuts. They’ve got their backs on the burning house, calm as can be about it. The way Alty’s looking at Maria so adoringly is just odd. And then there’s the way Maria looks ready to kill after seeing Lastiara and the others. It’s so weird. It’s just weird, weird, weird. It’s all too crazy.</em></p>

      <p>My head was going blank. A voice resonated clearly inside my empty mind. It was such a limpid, pure voice. The voice of a girl who might cry. Who sounded so sad, so tormented.</p>

      <p>Maria’s voice.</p>

      <p>“Give me...Master...back...” she muttered as she looked at us.</p>

      <p>Her eyes were darker and more sunken than I’d ever seen them. She was looking at me with eyes that were emptier than nothingness. My heart thumped, and I could feel a small prick of pain in my chest—the first damage of any kind I’d taken since the plan to retake Lastiara had commenced.</p>

      <p>Thinking back, the only person who’d been able to make me feel any pain that day was Maria. Only the girl who was standing there and none other. That fact gave me chills. In the face of Alty and Maria, who were supposed to be my allies, I felt only terror...</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>