<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Maria’s condition was visibly clearing up. With her in my arms, I rejoiced in the fact I’d brought her back from the brink without harming her.</p>

      <p>Of course, a certain somebody wasn’t down for this conclusion. A pool of heat popped into existence between me and Maria in a fiery gyre. That made us distance ourselves from one another.</p>

      <p>The floating fire spoke. “Wait. Hold on a second, Maria. Are you seriously gonna believe him? Well, I don’t! Sieg’s told lie after lie after lie. I’m sure he’s all talk now too. He’s trying to fool you in order to get out of this with his neck intact. He’s taking advantage of your kindness!”</p>

      <p>There was no mistaking it: Alty was inside of her. As such, the Guardian couldn’t do anything to intervene except through fire.</p>

      <p>I tried to approach so that I could snuff out Alty’s flame, my foe shouting all the while.</p>

      <p>“You can tell for yourself, can’t you? With those eyes of yours! If he really laid out his true feelings, your eyes should confirm it! Just take a look! Then you’ll see that man will never make you happy! He can’t! Every so-called hero’s just looking out for number one in the end! All they ever spread is misery!!!”</p>

      <p>Maria shook her head, keeping me from coming closer. In her eyes, I could see her determination to settle her own affairs. For a moment I was of two minds, but I stopped in my tracks and left it to her.</p>

      <p>“Yes, my eyes do see it. But I choose to believe in Mr. Kanami. I want to believe in him!”</p>

      <p>“You’re making a mistake! Trust me; I know these things! Sieg the Hero’ll never keep his promise!!!” Alty yelled. Her fire blazed bright in its attempt to warm up Maria’s chilled body.</p>

      <p>But Maria kept calm. “Ms. Alty...when we were one, I experienced a little bit of your life. You lost everything because of your eyes. You’ve been more miserable and more unhappy than I ever have. And I understand that you’re desperate for me to avoid walking the same path you did.”</p>

      <p>Maria harbored no animosity whatsoever towards her. Her words were laced with kindness, so I could tell.</p>

      <p>“But I want to believe in him anyway. I can’t believe in ‘Master.’ But I <em>can</em> believe in Mr. Kanami. So please, let me go down the path that you once did.”</p>

      <p>“No way, no how! Put your faith in him and you’ll just get hurt! Your feelings won’t reach him, and they’ll just pile up and fester, and you’ll suffer more and more until in the end, you’re stabbed in the back!”</p>

      <p>“No, we can’t know that for sure. Not yet. You and I are different people, after all. As such, it’s not a foregone conclusion that we’ll meet the same fate.”</p>

      <p>“It <em>is</em> a foregone conclusion! It’s the exact same! I mean, you’re the same as me—”</p>

      <p>“No. You were in me, yes, but you didn’t have a Ms. Alty in your own life. And that makes all the difference.”</p>

      <p>For a moment, Alty hemmed and hawed, but she fired right back up and, blowing her flames up, she shouted. “We’re not that different! I can see how things are! My body’s telling me where you’re gonna wind up! That’s how it was for me! My eyes clue me in! They say you’ll never, ever be happy, so you—”</p>

      <p>“Ms. Alty, I thank you. I’m grateful. But I’m going down a different path nonetheless. I now know how to walk a different road. It’s because my eyes only saw things halfway that it was futile for me.” Maria brought her hands up to her head. “If I do this, nobody will know what’s to come.”</p>

      <p>And then, she gouged out her eyes with her fingers.</p>

      <p>“Ah! AHHHHHHH!” shrieked Alty. “MARIAAAAAA!!!”</p>

      <p>Maria had blinded herself of her own free will, unmanipulated by anyone. And from the sound of it, that was the hardest thing for Alty to take.</p>

      <p>I put my faith in Maria’s will and determination, continuing to watch from the sidelines.</p>

      <p>“Khh, urgh, aaahhhhhh!!!”</p>

      <p>Maria put up with the excruciating pain as she took out her eyes, burning them for good measure, reducing them to ashes.</p>

      <p>“Ahhhh! Maria, what have you done?! What have you done?!” Alty cried tearfully.</p>

      <p>Maria replied in kind tones, “Now you and I are no longer the same. I won’t be led astray by these damned things anymore. I choose to believe in Mr. Kanami, and I’ll do so for my own sake. So please, Ms. Alty...please believe me that it won’t end in tragedy.”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, aughhh...” Alty was sobbing, her flames trembling.</p>

      <p>Fire of a different shade started pouring out from within Maria. It came out muddy and gooey, and when it made contact with the air, it transformed into the shape of a person. Those flames of grief formed the shape of a small girl. That fiery eidolon was Alty, and she put her hands to the ground and muttered, “Ah...ahh... My final point of affinity has crumbled. I can’t be with you anymore. I... I’m gonna be...all alone again...”</p>

      <p>Her fire lacked its former verve and vigor. Upon closer inspection, the surrounding flames were also weakening. Alty’s heart was about to snap in half, and in response, the flames in our arena were losing their strength. Hers were also strongly tied to emotions, and there could be no doubt that their exchange just now had clinched the battle. Alty flickered like a candle flame on the verge of going out, and she feebly got to her feet. Gone was her haughty and pompous aura. She looked at me with childlike eyes, as befitted her outward age.</p>

      <p>“Alty, are you still planning to fight?” I asked. This battle was already over, I figured.</p>

      <p>“Ohh, I’m fighting,” she replied with her erstwhile arrogant manner of speaking, dialing back the feebleness to clap back at me. But she was a paper tiger. I could tell it wasn’t backed up by any actual strength. She was done for.</p>

      <p>“It may be true that Maria’s love tragedy—or rather, her crush—may become requited in a way. But mine hasn’t yet. I still have a reason to fight! It still means something!” she said, continuing to put on a bold front.</p>

      <p>She crafted a fire sword in one hand, smiled faintly, and spoke further as she walked towards me. She reminded me of a defiant death row inmate on her way to the gallows.</p>

      <p>“‘When a person and a monster cross paths, they kill each other. That’s the unwritten rule of society.’ Ha ha. Tida’s little motto does ring true from time to time, doesn’t it?” Both her body and her fire sword threatened to up and vanish at any moment.</p>

      <p>“But you...” I had no intention of forgiving Alty. I picked my sword back up and braced to defend myself. That being said, after hearing her cries of grief, and now that Maria had come back, it was also true that the ire inside me had subsided. With the frantic battle of confessions behind us, my brain, which was regaining its composure, suggested there was still a possibility of reconciliation.</p>

      <p>“Shut up! I hate people like you more than anything, Sieg! Now die! I hope every ‘hero’ bites it!”</p>

      <p>That possibility was buried under Alty’s hate-filled cry. She dashed in closer and swung her flame blade laterally. I blocked it with the flat of my sword. It had no punch. There was no weight to the blow. Her attack, her fire, her thoughts, and feelings, none of it had any force behind it.</p>

      <p>“Alty, you...”</p>

      <p><em>You haven’t got any strength left.</em></p>

      <p>She’d been rejected by Maria, sure, but this lack of strength was still strange. I could only think of one explanation. It was the one way to kill a Guardian without having to fight. When a Guardian lost whatever unfinished business was tying them to life, they lost their power as well before ultimately vanishing. In other words, Alty was beginning to lose that lingering attachment. I couldn’t think of what else it could be. Maybe when she’d been riding Maria as a host, she’d sensed Maria achieving her goal up close and personal? Had she realized the requiting of her “love tragedy”?</p>

      <p>No, that wasn’t the full picture. That may have factored into it, but I could intuitively sense that the main reason lay elsewhere. She’d had some other attachment to this world, and now that <em>it</em> had been resolved, she was beginning to phase out of existence. It had to be something only Alty herself knew about, but also the attachment she was most loath to admit existed. That was why she kept shouting.</p>

      <p>“I’ve still got my score to settle! It’s not gone! I can still fight!”</p>

      <p>My thoughts must have been written on my face. She shot out hot fire and swung her sword. It was similar to the bright glint a fire gave off right before it died. And I gradually became less and less able to fend off her desperate swings. While she had grown weaker, I too was at death’s doorstep. As a result, I couldn’t restrain myself, and I ended up mowing her down.</p>

      <p>But that didn’t stop her. Alty’s flame sword was about to hit my neck. I had no choice but to cut off her arm in response. Her slender appendage flew through the air, her blood painting the ground red.</p>

      <p>The dismembered arm turned to fire and vanished, and the blood on the ground bloomed into fire flowers. The sight was at once unbearably beautiful and unbearably unpleasant. Alty, for her part, smiled like she was right at home, and she continued fighting.</p>

      <p>“Ahh, ‘flesh and blood burns’... ‘With blood and oil added, the body burns bright.’ But I don’t mind. After all, ‘people don’t live imprisoned in their bodies, they live in the fire lit in their hearts.’ So long as the ‘purgatory blazing in my soul’ hasn’t vanished, I’ll never stop...”</p>

      <p>She slashed at me, incanting as she vomited blood. No, it wasn’t blood she was vomiting. It was fire. She was fighting while chipping away at her very being.</p>

      <p>Cowed by her sheer intensity, my sword hand faltered, and her flamberge was about to reach my flesh.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Ms. Alty...”</p>

      <p>Her sword failed to reach me by a nose. Her final sword swing was intercepted by Maria’s fire sword as she stepped between us.</p>

      <p>The flame swords intertwined, melted each other, and dissipated.</p>

      <p>“Maria...” Alty mumbled. Her expression was changing at a dizzying rate. She looked simultaneously sad and happy, contented and dissatisfied. It was a weave of all different emotions. And after she showed me that confusing look on her face, she took one step back. She distanced herself, hung her head, and muttered under her breath, “I lose...”</p>

      <p>She had finally admitted it.</p>

      <p>“I’ve lost this battle. Congratulations, Sieg—or rather, Aikawa Kanami. With this, the Trial of the Tenth Floor is now over.”</p>

      <p>Alty’s body was about to fall to pieces. She had lost an arm, and she only had a little bit of fire and magic energy left. It should have been obvious to anyone with eyes who the victor was. And that was the moment Alty herself acknowledged it.</p>

      <p>However, it was only for a short time that she acted so meek in defeat. Soon enough, she smiled faintly and glared at me stubbornly. Just like when we had walked through the Dungeon together once before, she assumed that irreverent, among-friends tone with me.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t lose to <em>you</em> though. I lost to Maria, so don’t get it twisted, got it?” she said, smiling at Maria.</p>

      <p>Then, while we watched, she brought her own fingers up to her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Alty, what’re you—”</p>

      <p>“I know that the victor’s supposed to be getting a magic gem outta this. But no such spoils this time. Sorry, Kanami. This is the one thing I can’t concede to you.”</p>

      <p>She dodged the question by answering a different one, and then she gouged out her eyes. Just like when Maria had done it, her eyes turned to flame and vanished. In so doing, the two of them became peas in a pod once again.</p>

      <p>Upon witnessing that, Maria stepped forward with a serious look. Blind as she was, she’d sensed something. Fearing another violent act, I tried to stop her, but she stopped me instead. Then she approached Alty with a solemn expression I’d never seen before on her. Alty approached her with the same look on her face. And then, the two put their hands together, put their foreheads together, and said their final goodbyes.</p>

      <p>“Now we’re the same. Take me with you, Maria.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>