<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: The Pawn Named Hine</h1>

      <p>Hine Hellvilleshine, the Rank Two Knight of the Seven Celestial Knights. That is the title I currently possess.</p>

      <p>I never particularly wanted such an overblown title, mind you. That’s because I never wanted to be a knight who took pride in his status or prestige. If I’d become, say, a rural area knight who dedicated his body and soul to a single person, the kind you’d see playing a supporting role in an opera, I’d have been perfectly happy with that. What I wanted to be was a righteous knight capable of protecting someone from harm.</p>

      <p>Yet in the end, I had never been able to become anyone’s knight. I was born to a distinguished knight family in Whoseyards, and out of fear of tarnishing the family name, I trained and trained. But I’m a man to be pitied, for with the power I acquired, I kept committing mistake after mistake.</p>

      <p>When I first met milady, it was at age eighteen, soon after I assumed my post within the Celestial Knights. I was led by a superior into the dark basement of the cathedral, passing through heavy stone doors into an eerie room containing naught but a candle and bed.</p>

      <p>And there she was. She had been asleep, her eyes closed. I remember it like it was yesterday. I remember it because the second I laid eyes on the maiden dozing atop the soft bed under pure white sheets was the second that my tale as a knight finally started.</p>

      <p>The sight of her otherworldly beauty took my breath away. I’d been given a bare-bones explanation beforehand, so I understood that this was to be Saint Tiara’s vessel, but I asked just to be sure:</p>

      <p>“Is this her? <em>The</em> Saint Tiara?”</p>

      <p>“Sure is,” said the man who’d brought me there. “Well, she’s the girl who’ll serve as the body for the rebirth spell that <em>the</em> Saint Tiara left behind. She’s both Whoseyards’s dearest wish and the culmination of magical engineering,” he explained concisely.</p>

      <p>The man’s name was Pheydelt Riöus, and he was a proxy agent of this nation’s Chancellor. Under his reddish-brown hair glared a cloudy, dark pair of eyes. The Seven Celestial Knights were presently under his direct supervision, which made him my superior. As his eyes intimated, he was of a somewhat ruthless disposition, but since his loyalty to his country was second to none, he was still on the preferable side as a supervisor.</p>

      <p>“Just how long has this been in the works? From what I can tell, she’s in her teens.”</p>

      <p>“Actually, she’s under a year old. They weren’t able to lock in the homunculus’s body until rather recently. If I recall correctly, it’s been around three months since she was born.”</p>

      <p>“Th-Three months? But then why does she look so grown-up?” There was no way the girl sleeping before my eyes could be a <em>baby</em>.</p>

      <p>“It’s possible thanks to today’s magical engineering,” stated Pheydelt like it was no big deal, ignoring my astonishment. “Since we need to get the body ready by the Day of the Blessed Birth three years from now, they decided to make the body’s physiological age older to match. We’ve been tasked with offering a finished ‘sixteen-year-old’ product by the stipulated date in the year foretold by the founder’s prophecy. And to that end, you’ve been chosen as her educator, Hine Hellvilleshine.”</p>

      <p>“Me? Her educator?”</p>

      <p>“For the time being, we’ll be treating her as a descendant of Saint Tiara. She’ll be given the status of a god in human form, and she’ll be readied for the promised day. I’d like to put you in charge of preparing her in some of the ways she needs. You have to furnish her with the appropriate strength and inculcation. If, when the Saint descends into her body, that body is feeble and weak, the plan will fall behind schedule. We plan to have the Saint get to work right away, you see.”</p>

      <p>I was beginning to get the picture. In short, my mission was to raise this girl up such that she would be a suitable vessel for Saint Tiara’s advent.</p>

      <p>“So I should train her up? If that’s all, I can probably manage it.”</p>

      <p>“No, you’re not just going to train her body. This is important, so listen carefully. In a moment, this homunculus is going to sprout a consciousness of her own. When that happens, the biggest problem is whether the girl will agree to the ritual. So I want you to be guiding her to the correct decision.”</p>

      <p>The picture wasn’t looking so pretty anymore. I looked Pheydelt in his lifeless eyes. “Err, uhh, sir, this vessel, this girl will be conscious? So she’ll have the soul of a girl who’s not Saint Tiara?”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t that obvious? Think of her as a baby who was born a few months ago. There’s a possibility that she’ll reject the idea of her consciousness being overwritten by Saint Tiara’s.”</p>

      <p>“Overwritten? So their consciousnesses won’t coexist? But then—” <em>But then, doesn’t that mean this girl’s gonna </em>die<em>?</em></p>

      <p>My ember of righteous indignation was cut short by Pheydelt’s cold remarks.</p>

      <p>“Good sir knight, this is what the government has decided, the consensus of the Church of Levahn, and the dying wish of the founder.”</p>

      <p>My small flames of fury were doused in short order by the lump of ice that was the state’s decree.</p>

      <p>“The vessel will become the saint that everyone reveres. That’s a cause for celebration, not something to pity her for. The sympathy you feel for her could well be construed as treasonous.”</p>

      <p>“No, sir, I would never think such a thing.” <em>Treason? You’ve gotta be joking. Just because you’re above me in rank doesn’t mean you get to spout off whatever you like.</em> But I bowed my head like a good little knight.</p>

      <p>“If you’re dissatisfied with her fate, Hine, then do your job. If the vessel delights in becoming Saint Tiara, we’ll be delighted. And the people will celebrate that fact as well. If that comes to pass, then no one’s left unhappy, are they, laddie? Your job, so to speak, is to make everybody happy. That’s why you were chosen—you’re near her age and you’re good at spinning yarns. Just color her world through the creative storytelling that is your forte and impress upon her the beauty of the Church of Levahn, the magnificence of Saint Tiara, and the nobility of duty and self-sacrifice. End of discussion.”</p>

      <p>That explanation wasn’t anywhere near enough, but of course, I was forced to obey. I could only grit my teeth and bear it. Such was the destiny of the knights of the House of Hellvilleshine.</p>

      <p>“I leave it to you, knight of the Hellvilleshines.”</p>

      <p>Pheydelt’s words wrapped around me like chains. It was all that was needed to keep me immobile. With that, he turned his back to me and exited the room. Left alone in the dim chamber, I heaved a sigh before immediately drawing closer to the bed in the center and shaking the girl awake. Best to get an early start on my job.</p>

      <p>“Ngh, rrgh...”</p>

      <p>“H-Hey there. I’m Hine. Nice to meet you.”</p>

      <p>I tried to greet the girl, who was slowly opening her eyes, as gently yet amiably as possible so as to earn her trust as her educator.</p>

      <p>She sat up, holding her head. “Augh... H-Hine? My... My name is... Huh? Urgh, my head hurts.” The girl had understood my words and was trying to remember who she was, only to realize right away that she didn’t even know her own name. “Who am I? I... I don’t know my name? Urgh, so much is flitting in and out...”</p>

      <p>That comment clued me in to her condition. In all likelihood, she had been encoded with basic everyday knowledge and language through magic formulas in her blood. Left to her own devices, she’d know everything a sixteen-year-old needed to know. Otherwise, how could I be having a conversation with a girl who had been born three months prior?</p>

      <p>“You don’t gotta strain yourself. We’ve got a name for you already.”</p>

      <p>Her eyes opened wide, and she stared at me. The name the upper echelons of Whoseyards saw fit to christen her with was yet another chain to bind her.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara. Your name is Lastiara Whoseyards.” It was a name that could only be called a curse.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara... My name’s Lastiara...” She turned a tad red in the cheeks as she delightedly repeated her name.</p>

      <p>“Nice to meet you, Lastiara. Ah, hold on, I guess I’m supposed to call you Lady Lastiara? You <em>are</em> a ‘god in human form’... Which means I should be using the polite register when addressing you too. Well, in any case, from today on, milady, I, Hine, will be serving as your instructor. If there’s anything you’d like to ask, fire away.”</p>

      <p>I made it clear that this was my job and gave her only the need-to-know information.</p>

      <p>“Understood, Mr. Hine,” she said, smiling. After a moment’s thought, she gazed at my face with a puzzled look. “Mr. Hine, there’s something I’d like to ask you.”</p>

      <p>“Shoot,” I replied affectionately, having decided to tell her as much as I could.</p>

      <p>“Why do you look so sad?”</p>

      <p>Just like that, I learned that the kind facade was beyond me. “I...I look sad?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>I put a hand to my head. By tracing my mouth, nose, cheeks, and eyes with my fingers, I could tell my face was contorted. Yet I couldn’t afford to acknowledge it. It’d stand in the way of my job.</p>

      <p>“There’s no way I could be sad. I’m <em>smiling</em>. I’m smiling a kind and gentle smile, obviously. You’ve got the wrong idea, Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>“I do?” she replied, sincerely confused. This was clashing with the general knowledge supplied to her through her blood.</p>

      <p>“Yep,” I persisted. “You do.”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t pitying her. I wasn’t sympathizing or empathizing with her. I wasn’t allowed to. That was what I decided then and there. It was our first encounter that led me to that decision.</p>

      <p>On that day, I set my path in stone. Never in my life could I become the girl’s knight. That was the moment I admitted it to myself.</p>

      <p>Thus began the days I spent as her instructor. In addition to my work as a knight, I continually conditioned her to be Whoseyards’s convenient little pawn—and naturally, before long, I developed feelings for the purehearted lass.</p>

      <p>But it was all too late by then. By the time I fell for her and found myself wishing to be her knight, I was no longer qualified. I myself had thrown it away—the role of saving the damsel. The role of the story’s hero, swooping in to rescue her. All I was now was a filthy villain who deceived the heroine with lies. There was no way a love story could ever unfold between us, and I, the villain, kept on doing that which could not be taken back. Even if I tried to save her at a later stage, it’d expose what a heinous villain I was. I couldn’t help but be afraid of her souring on me.</p>

      <p>And that wasn’t all. I was afraid of antagonizing my country. I was afraid of losing my position. I was afraid of disappointing my family. In the end, it was simple. I, Hine Hellvilleshine, was just a pathetic wretch of a man.</p>

      <p>There was only one thing I could do. Just as Pheydelt suggested, I had to make Lastiara into the perfect construct so that she didn’t suffer in life. If I made her idolize Saint Tiara, wish to become a hero, and become overjoyed to serve as the country’s salvation, then that artificial “Lastiara” would die happy. That was the only happy ending available to her...</p>

      <p>Or so I kept telling myself. I knew that this wasn’t okay, but I continued to brainwash her and call it “education.” I conditioned Lastiara for one year...then two years...then three years...</p>

      <p>But one day, with only a little time left before the Day of the Blessed Birth, she made a request of me, like a ship in the night that had spotted something on the horizon.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Hine. Before the end... Before the end, I want to see the outside.”</p>

      <p>That was when I realized that the “perfect vessel” had formed a crack. Initially, I couldn’t believe my ears, as that was a line she’d never have said if she’d gone by what I’d taught her. But there she was, telling me to let her outside.</p>

      <p>First, I wondered what the cause could be. As a knight of Whoseyards, I went straight to trying to protect the nation’s interests. And soon, the cause came to me. Actually, I may have been vaguely aware all this time. It was because I was too troubled, too apprehensive, and in too much fear for my education of her to be “perfect.”</p>

      <p>I was supposed to teach her subjects like history and religion in a balanced manner, but I’d read her an overabundance of heroic adventure stories and tried to make her think about freedom and liberation. In addition, I’d searched for adventure stories with strong romantic elements that girls her age would like, adapted them, and presented them. It was craven of me, as I knew it’d only make her suffer. On a subconscious level, I was hoping she’d refuse to undergo the ritual of her own accord, and so I’d unwittingly given her an alternative.</p>

      <p>The die was cast. Her request was granted much more easily than I’d anticipated, and she was granted the right to jump out of the cage called the cathedral. The top brass must have harbored a whole lot of confidence in the girl’s degree of so-called perfection.</p>

      <p>Many layers of mental magic were applied to her from the body-creation stage, and the formulas in her blood were flawless as well. I also knew that Palinchron, who specialized in mental magic, regularly checked up on her. While I was in charge of her indoctrination, I wasn’t in charge of everything to do with her. I guess they figured it’d be futile if I plotted something by myself. And so the construct that was Lastiara popped out of her prison.</p>

      <p>Secretly, I hoped for an upheaval of the current situation. However, reality felt otherwise. When I spoke to the girl who was preparing to set out, she was only dreaming of heroic adventures. I wanted her to do something girlier. Ideally, she would have been attracted to me if she’d been an ordinary girl. Yet she never stepped out of the framework of being a hero or saint.</p>

      <p>Just when I was about to give up on seeing the crack in her facade as anything more than a fantasy—or seeing the girl as anyone besides “Lastiara”—we bumped into <em>him</em>.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you. You over there, hiding. Show yourself.”</p>

      <p>We encountered the black-haired boy with the burn mark.</p>

      <p>“I’m not a brigand.”</p>

      <p>Thanks to my wind-magic dragnet, I was able to detect the boy by the breaths he exhaled. At first I figured him for a brigand, but judging by his appearance, he wasn’t one. We attempted to follow our usual modus operandi by disengaging from him.</p>

      <p>“You’re an intriguing one!”</p>

      <p>However, we were stymied by her curious outburst. It was the first time she’d expressed this much interest in a member of the opposite sex. She treated even the strongest diver, Glenn Walker, like any ordinary guy.</p>

      <p>She helped the boy with all the magic she could, after which we tried to take our leave of him like nothing had happened. But I’d known her for long enough to notice that she couldn’t shake him from her mind. I reckoned I had come into an opportunity to “do what I could,” so to speak.</p>

      <p>The night we healed the boy in the Dungeon, I asked her a question once we’d returned to the cathedral.</p>

      <p>“Milady, you’ve that boy from earlier on your mind, haven’t you?”</p>

      <p>Her eyes sparkled, making her easy to read. The glint that had once been so pure had turned into a maddened sheen, and the reason for it was simple. Her unbalanced education over the years had negatively impacted her personality.</p>

      <p>“This is your final chance, after all. Why don’t you try working in concert with the lad?”</p>

      <p>“But Mr. Hine, I...”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I know. We’ll say you fell in love with him. How about we go with that?”</p>

      <p>“H-Hold on. <em>Love</em>?”</p>

      <p>“That way, the precepts of the Church of Levahn will prevent them from complaining too much. It’s a pretext for you going outside.”</p>

      <p>“Err, it’s certainly true that the precepts say that, but there’s no way that excuse will fly...”</p>

      <p>“It will.”</p>

      <p>That was a lie, of course. What I would actually be reporting was: “In her admiration of Saint Tiara’s adventures, Lastiara said she wants to do a Dungeon dive before the end.” I’d sell it as being about her wanting to get closer to Saint Tiara. But I did it to unite her and the boy.</p>

      <p>It was okay if it was just pretend. By entertaining the notion of falling in love, it would give rise to the possibility that something would be added to her heart. Maybe her emotions as a normal girl would return.</p>

      <p>“That sounds great,” she said, her eyes shining darkly. “I’d like to go on an adventure, just like Saint Tiara!”</p>

      <p>Unsurprisingly, the fake Lastiara’s interests lay in a hero’s journey. That would make my report to the higher-ups the truth, and that left me slightly chagrined.</p>

      <p>“Yes, please go on an adventure with that boy. I’m sure you’ll have fun.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, heh heh heh. Excellent. That’s excellent.”</p>

      <p>For several days afterwards, I ran around the cathedral without time to sleep. I gained permission from various places, trumped up the utility of the plan, and put in the groundwork.</p>

      <p>For some reason, Palinchron caught wind of it and lent me a hand, which was a huge help. As a result, I managed to pull the wool over the higher-ups’ eyes and earned Lastiara some more time for her own activities.</p>

      <p>Exultantly, I went to tell the girl holed up in the cathedral.</p>

      <p>“Milady, about what we discussed earlier...”</p>

      <p>“What we discussed? Err, do you mean about adventuring with Kanami?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I asked my bosses, and they were happy to give the nod. For a few days’ time, you’ll have carte blanche.”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, really?! W-Wow, all right! That’s incredible! For real?!”</p>

      <p>“Milady, mind your diction.”</p>

      <p>She was delighted. And the way she was expressing that delight was appropriate for her age. However, the mania dwelling in those eyes had not yet disappeared.</p>

      <p><em>Well, that can’t be helped. It won’t be me who erases it. That boy will.</em></p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Mr. Hine. Ahh, you know, I thought I’d only be able to meet up with Kanami after I turned into the Saint. I’m honestly thrilled.”</p>

      <p>“I’m happy for you, milady. However, this is top secret, so exercise sufficient caution.”</p>

      <p>“I know. So, what’s the pretext for my going outside?”</p>

      <p>“It’s just as I told you initially. Everything sprang out of your desire to be with Kanami, the boy you’ve got feelings for. That crush is the pretext. Of course, as this is the crush of a living god, those who can’t stomach the idea will try to interfere. The big-headed, inflexible priests will grip the stalwart knights of Whoseyards in their evil clutches. But what’s this? A boy named Kanami drives off all comers through his splendid swordsmanship! Who should he remind one of but—”</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on a second. Is such a grandiose scenario really necessary? Are you sure your storytelling thing isn’t getting away from you?”</p>

      <p>“It’s... It’s essential.”</p>

      <p>It seemed she thought my penchant for creating stories was running wild. Due to my constant performance of creative works, her image of me was skewed. But that mistaken conclusion suited me just fine.</p>

      <p>“I mean, weren’t there all sorts of excuses?” she asked. “You know, the usual stuff, like, ‘she needs to explore like Saint Tiara did’ or ‘she needs to build up her body’ or ‘she needs to deepen her understanding of this world’?”</p>

      <p>“That won’t do.”</p>

      <p>“Pretty sure this is just a product of what floats your boat...”</p>

      <p>“This is also a test of the boy with whom you’ll be dealing.”</p>

      <p>“A test?”</p>

      <p>“I know what you’re thinking, milady. Even after you become the Saint, you’d like Kanami to be by your side.”</p>

      <p>That was just my supposition...but I needed it to be the case.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes... You’re sharp, Mr. Hine.”</p>

      <p>Excellent. On the inside, I was clutching my fists.</p>

      <p>“As you said, it is a grandiose scenario, but it’s an essential test of the boy who would be your knight. It also serves as a periodic monitoring of your person.”</p>

      <p>At some point, as she watched the dashing figure of the boy being struck from behind as he protected her, she’d start to feel a little bit sweet on him. Yep, this was the classic, tried-and-true tale. It was the least a story needed to be good. Besides, for a dreamer like her, anything less would fail to provide her with enough excitement. This production had to be nice and hammy.</p>

      <p>“For the time being, what say we send in Palinchron or whoever to gauge the boy’s mettle? You’ll make contact with him after that. Please allow him to drive away the many knights who will come for him. Needless to say, I’ll pick out knights the boy can probably beat.”</p>

      <p>She looked unconvinced. Was my production overcooked?</p>

      <p>“I guess it can’t be helped. But once I’ve made contact, I’ll do what I want. I have no confidence that I can playact a girl in love, and I think Kanami should be in on what he’s a part of.”</p>

      <p>While she wasn’t over the moon about this setup, it was worth pursuing, and she didn’t dislike a hero story in this vein either.</p>

      <p><em>But she’s going to explain the situation to the boy too?</em></p>

      <p>In truth, I’d hoped the boy would want to protect the beautiful girl who appeared out of nowhere and liked her more organically, but...there was nothing for it. I was willing to prioritize the smoothness of the forward motion over the orchestration. Both parties faking their love only for that love to become more and more real over time was another trope, after all.</p>

      <p>“All right. That’ll be your common ground. Now then, let’s dispatch Palinchron. In fact, let’s dispatch him today. He’s a man of leisure with time on his hands, and he has eagle eyes to boot.”</p>

      <p>“Okay,” she replied.</p>

      <p>Smiling inwardly at how well my plan was going, I searched for my collaborator, Palinchron, and explained things to him. Palinchron agreed without hesitation and began tracking the boy that night.</p>

      <p>Then, the night gave way to dawn. The next morning, Palinchron’s report left me astonished.</p>

      <p>“Ahh, Hine. The lad’s a beast. Even I’d have a hell of a time beating him.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, come again? You’re telling me this Kanami is a match for the Celestial Knights?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, from what I can see, there’s no doubt about it. And let me tell ya, he’s real amusing on a personal level too.”</p>

      <p>“H-Hold on, please. A few days ago, he was on death’s door on Floor 1 of the Dungeon. He’s rocketed up to Celestial Knight level in just a few days?”</p>

      <p>“Well, according to my intel, that’s exactly right. A few days ago, the kid sustained a burn on Floor 1 and barely escaped alive. That’s indisputable. What’s also indisputable is how he traversed ten floors in no more than a few days. It’ll only be a matter of time before he reaches Floor 20. There’s too much about him that’s freaky.”</p>

      <p>“Freaky? What do you mean by that?”</p>

      <p>“I’m looking forward to things from this point on, so I don’t wanna say. I’m thinking about how to have my fun with the lad. You know what, I’ll tell ya a little something: there’s a chance Siegfried Vizzita took down the Guardian of the Twentieth Floor. Ah, Siegfried being Kanami’s alias.”</p>

      <p>My mouth was agape. Not even the strongest diver, Glenn Walker, and his party had been a match for that monster. Having taken Tida down would put Kanami on the level of a hero of the nation. I couldn’t suppress a grin.</p>

      <p>“A Dungeon Guardian...slain by the boy?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. That’s info from the lugs over at the Vart guild. Also, I didn’t get permission but I examined the ley line and corroborated it. I don’t think there’s any mistake.”</p>

      <p>“There you go again with the ley lines. I should get your skill marked for sealing soon.”</p>

      <p>“All I did was gather the evidence. My prime connection’s an acquaintance in Vart.”</p>

      <p>“Fine. In any case, we need to amend the plan.”</p>

      <p>“Oho. So you heard all that and still plan to push for the kid?”</p>

      <p>“The more I hear, the more I want to,” I told Palinchron without hiding the fact that it was expedient.</p>

      <p>He whistled and replied that he’d cooperate with me in changing the plan. He probably hadn’t disclosed all of the info he had on the boy, but that was no skin off my back. No matter what Palinchron’s ulterior motives may have been, if the boy was a bona fide hero, we’d just elevate the plan to its optimal form.</p>

      <p>Revising the plan overnight, I went to inform Lastiara and found her engaging in chitchat with Sera of the Celestial Knights. I explained the plan to her again, making Sera leave the room first. I didn’t want her being part of this due to her proclivities.</p>

      <p>After I described the altered scenario, Lastiara nodded, stars in her eyes. “Ahh, I knew it! That’s my Kanami for you!”</p>

      <p>Through her Pseudo-Divine Eyes skill, she must have seen this coming.</p>

      <p>“As such, the knights who attack him will be Celestial Knights. And because we lack in numbers, I’ll end up having to be part of this too.”</p>

      <p>“Right. But who knows if even the Celestial Knights will pose a challenge?”</p>

      <p>“Just think of it as a performance. The point is, it’s fine as long as a duel is had.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, I’m looking forward to it.”</p>

      <p><em>Good, it’s all coming together. This’ll be a real farce, but we’ve got no choice but to do it to completion.</em></p>

      <p>“As a side note, the only ones who know that the pretext is your crush on him are me, Palinchron, and the top brass. No other knights know anything.”</p>

      <p>“So the majority are in the dark.”</p>

      <p>“The fewer who know the truth, the better.”</p>

      <p>All that was left was to prevent the story of this love tiff from reaching our bosses. That in itself wouldn’t be much of a problem. Few of those bosses ever came to the Dungeon Alliance, and almost none of them had any interest in the place. They were all pencil pushers. In fact, even if they knew what I was doing, they might just laugh scornfully and that would be the end of it. That was just how farcical this whole thing came across.</p>

      <p>“Okay, see you later, Mr. Hine.”</p>

      <p>“Right. If I do appear, please keep up the act. I’ll be acting as well.”</p>

      <p>She sighed with exasperation. “You really do love this sort of thing, don’t you? You, of all the Celestial Knights, must be raring to come. Your addiction to drama is hopeless.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Of course.”</p>

      <p>She left the cathedral, and the plan was a go. Our modified scheme was simple. As a hero, Kanami would inspire the feelings in Lastiara that any normal girl might have. And the happiness they would share wouldn’t be a temporary one. No, it would be the kind that would last until death did them part.</p>

      <p>I’d report to the higher-ups that Lastiara had found a man while out adventuring and eloped with him. For a hero-class kid like Kanami, they should be able to live happily ever after even if Whoseyards sent assassins after them. The two would spend their leisure time content, like the epilogue of a love story. That was what I could do for her. That was the kindness I could show her.</p>

      <p>With hope and anticipation in my heart, I waited for time to pass. As planned, Sera was the first to go on her rampage. However, the timing was a little early, which left me sweating a bit. That woman’s loyalty—no, her ulterior motives—always amazed me.</p>

      <p>However, for the most part, it seemed that things would settle into the scenario. After Kanami repelled Sera, he and Lastiara came into contact. And after I confirmed that they’d formed a party, it was my turn. I took Mr. Hopes to see how things were going, figuring he couldn’t win, as he was ill-suited to one-on-one duels.</p>

      <p>I pretended to know nothing, and Lastiara and I acted out our roles. She was my number one pupil; she knew how to tell a story inside and out. We exchanged words and played in a way that was at once overblown and pregnant with meaning. Looking back, there were a bit too many lines of straight exposition, something I intended to correct in my next creative endeavor.</p>

      <p>But while Lastiara and I were playacting, the boy made an assertion that I couldn’t have seen coming.</p>

      <p>“Let me say one thing. I have nothing whatsoever to do with Lastiara’s love life. But since she’s my comrade and ally, I’d like to help grant her wish. That’s all there is to it. Truly.”</p>

      <p>Even though it hadn’t been arranged beforehand, he’d calmly stated what, to me, was top-quality dialogue. I stared at him, flabbergasted, while Mr. Hopes, feeling awkward, poked fun at his words.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, you don’t understand, Mr. Hopes,</em> I thought. That’s<em> the level we need from him. The level of passion. Him keeping up that amount of enthusiasm is fitting for the lead role of the story.</em></p>

      <p>I’d known it all along. No one else could play this part.</p>

      <p>I could sense that with this, I’d reached peak overreliance on others. But it was unavoidable—he was the only one. I’d taken such a liking to the boy, in fact, that it’d be no exaggeration to say fate had pinned me down until this day for the sake of him, the worthy one. I knew that he alone could protect her for the rest of her life. It wasn’t a question of his strength, but rather of the kind of person he was—the kind who walked the path of the story and took it forward. He could do what I couldn’t, and that was the moment I became convinced of it.</p>

      <p>With a parting shot, I left the Dungeon and recounted what had happened to Palinchron at the cathedral with glee.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha,” laughed Palinchron. “When you’re happy, I’m happy too.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. I was never one to devise any devious schemes, but it seems I’ve got more of a talent for it than I realized. I finally understand why villains in stories have so much fun scheming and conspiring.”</p>

      <p>“Now then, we still need to advance their relationship.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, but you heard how passionately the lad declared what he did. Do they still need propping up?”</p>

      <p>“You’re a believer in narrative convenience who’s obsessed with all things dramatic, so you may be relieved, but I can’t rest yet. I’m pretty sure I know ol’ Sieg more than you do. He’s the most weak-willed guy I’ve ever seen. Reality’s harsher than fiction, my friend.”</p>

      <p>I had been operating under the assumption that, with a little more time, the two would come to realize how much they meant to each other and that a tale of romance would blossom between them. But Palinchron was of a different opinion.</p>

      <p>“You know what to say to make a guy nervous.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s get confirmation. Wait here a sec. I’m gonna hijack the ley line.”</p>

      <p>Through the medium of the cathedral’s ley line, he gathered video information about the pair. How they appeared and acted as they participated in the festival with his slave in tow was projected into the room via magic.</p>

      <p>Lastiara was gallivanting about, thrilled to attend her very first festival. Kanami seemed much the same—was he not accustomed to festivals either?</p>

      <p>That could well have been the first time I had seen the lass have so much fun. It was definitely my first time seeing such an unspoiled smile on her face. I had to abide by the rules of moderation, since I was with her as part of my work duties.</p>

      <p>However, they were comporting themselves more like same-sex friends than a boy and girl. Kanami didn’t seem to be conscious of her as a love interest.</p>

      <p>“Urgh. You were right. This isn’t looking good.”</p>

      <p>“Right? From what I can see, neither of them’s got feelings for the other. I’m guessing most of it’s them being tactful and thoughtful.”</p>

      <p>“Still, though, this is...well, probably the most beautiful girl in the world we’re talking about! How could he not be thinking about her romantically?!”</p>

      <p>Palinchron sighed. “You sound just like Sera, you know that?”</p>

      <p>“What? Don’t lump me in with Sera!” I said indignantly.</p>

      <p>Just then, a third person joined the two.</p>

      <p>“Wait, isn’t that Alty?” I asked, shocked. “The Guardian who’s cooperating with the Dungeon Alliance?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, so you know her. There can’t be many who do. Yep, that’s her, all right. I’m surprised too.”</p>

      <p>“Palinchron...if she’s your acquaintance in Vart, then make her leave them this instant.”</p>

      <p>“No, no, this is just a coincidence. Let her be. She won’t get in the way. Far from it, in fact—she’s the type who fires up romances.”</p>

      <p>Alty was a mainstay in Vart, and her appearance here was unexpected, but it was true that she hadn’t done anything uncalled for. On the contrary, she mostly conversed with the third-wheel slave, and she appeared to be trying to give Lastiara and Kanami more time together. She whisked the slave away and left the boy and girl alone. That suited me perfectly, and I had no complaints.</p>

      <p>“Thanks to the Guardian, they’re alone now.”</p>

      <p>Even more conveniently, the duo began to deepen their conversations about the Day of the Blessed Birth. If things went on like this, he’d learn her secret, and the boy would be unable to contain himself. I eagerly waited for the turning point in their tale.</p>

      <p>Patiently, patiently, I waited and waited, but no matter how much time passed, the girl never got to talking about herself. In all her explanations, she never mentioned anything that might make him worry. She didn’t divulge a thing about herself, despite having mere days left to live.</p>

      <p>At this rate, the Day of the Blessed Birth would pass before the boy learned anything. Instead of talking about herself, she kept asking <em>him</em> questions. “What? Magic doesn’t exist at all where you come from?” “Whoa, that’s crazy! Forget all this, I wanna hear more about <em>that</em>!” “Your world sounds more intriguing!”</p>

      <p>“What in the world is she...”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, no use asking me. Hmm, maybe she’ll tell him the day before?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, yeah. Yeah, of course. The day before. It’s more dramatic saying it on the day before. She must be aiming for the reveal to be theatrically potent. Urgh—my education’s taking her in the wrong direction, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, can’t argue. Let’s take it easy and wait, all right?”</p>

      <p>But my wish was shattered in short order.</p>

      <p><em>“Why? Because Mar-Mar’s got feelings for you, obviously.”</em></p>

      <p>The Guardian had uttered something outrageous.</p>

      <p>“G-Good heavens! Argh! What’s she doing at such a pivotal moment?! That Guardian!”</p>

      <p>“Look at that...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t just watch, Palinchron! Use the ley line and do something—”</p>

      <p>“That’s a tall order. Miss Alty and I are acquainted, sure, but I can’t intervene per the agreement she made with Vart.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron didn’t act, as he was worried about the cross-border fallout. But at this rate, Kanami would start looking at his slave with different eyes. And if that happened, the relationship they’d been forging between Kanami and Lastiara would come to nothing.</p>

      <p><em>“So, Sieg, what is Mar-Mar to you at the end of the day?”</em> asked Lastiara.</p>

      <p>Far from upset, Lastiara jumped on their ship. Not only that, she did so gleefully. She was actively prodding him in that direction.</p>

      <p>“Aughh...” I had arrived at a truth I didn’t want to acknowledge. Lastiara was trying to matchmake the boy and his slave. That was why she didn’t talk about herself. She clearly believed that, since she’d be undergoing the ritual, she had no right to be getting into a relationship with anyone.</p>

      <p>I could hear my plan clattering to pieces. I was assailed by the hard fact that the Day of the Blessed Birth, from which I’d been averting my eyes, was right around the corner. There were only a few days left. In only a few days’ time, the ritual would commence. A sinister chill crept down my back, and my breathing became labored. My plan had failed. I knew that now, whether I wanted to or not. The lass herself had said so.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, in the end, it was all futile. What was the point of whipping up this farce?</em> Dizzy, I held my head. Everything that was happening was in the palms of the higher-ups’ hands. She had been tuned, conditioned to undergo the ritual no matter what, and that was why they had let me off my leash without any concern.</p>

      <p>They had a grasp of where their Hellvilleshine pawn could and couldn’t move, and they’d placed the pawn Lastiara where the Hellvilleshine couldn’t capture it. Since the day she was born...I could see her, but I couldn’t reach out and touch her. There was never any hope to begin with.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Hine, but it looks like the plan’s not gonna work out. Seems they’re just not into each other.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t reach her. Never. Not once. <em>Ahh, I’ll never reach her...</em></p>

      <p>I’d never reach her, and I’d never reach the realization of my own dream. Having come this far, I couldn’t help but feel frustrated with myself for never trying to mobilize on my own before, and for relying entirely on others. I couldn’t help but feel sorry for the sad sack who couldn’t remove a single one of his shackles.</p>

      <p><em>I... I’m just so weak. Me, a knight?</em></p>

      <p>That was why I’d received my post. That’s why I’d been made her educator. They were looking down on me. Sneering at me.</p>

      <p><em>Dammit! Shit!</em></p>

      <p>“Guess that’s basically all we can do, huh?” Palinchron continued. “It was maybe misguided to try to get her to fall in love in the first place. If we block the ritual from happening using a different approach...”</p>

      <p>Did things go awry because my plan was too naive, too reliant on chance? Would a more elaborate plan have yielded different results? I’d thought my plan leveraged her interests, but was it all based on a misunderstanding?</p>

      <p><em>Argh, it’s all because...because of my naivete!</em></p>

      <p>“Man, I’ve gotta say, Hine, not being able to see that smile again’s gonna be real heart-rending. Maybe it’s because I’ve built up an affection for her over the years of raising her?”</p>

      <p>At this rate, she’d never smile again. <em>She’s gonna disappear... She’s gonna die! She’s gonna freaking </em>die<em>!</em></p>

      <p>“To think she’s gonna vanish after being taken for a ride since birth, without ever being able to lay hold of the smallest happiness... I mean, it may be for the sake of the nation, but I feel sorry for her.”</p>

      <p><em>For the sake of the nation? She’s gonna die “for the nation”?! Without ever getting anything out of life?! You’re telling me that’s okay?! Well, it’s not! I can’t just sit by...</em></p>

      <p>“I won’t allow it.”</p>

      <p>The words escaped my lips. The words I’d decided I’d never say aloud. At that moment, I heard my shackles fall loose with a nice clanging sound. It felt like a very important restraint had come off. The sense of loss was so very pleasant...</p>

      <p>“Hm? What was that?” Palinchron’s voice echoed in the room. “You won’t allow it? Then what’re you gonna do about it?”</p>

      <p>His expression made me aware of a sense of unease. My natural talent for combat clued me in to it. The source of that unease was the magic energy inside my body, which was now faintly clinging to me, leeching off me.</p>

      <p><em>I’m being corroded from the inside</em>, I realized. <em>Most likely, by a spell cast by the knight right in front of me.</em></p>

      <p>“Palinchron. Did you cast a spell on me?”</p>

      <p>“Boy, did I. You angry?”</p>

      <p>He stared me straight in the eye and, defenseless and, within reach of my sword, confessed that he’d betrayed my trust. But that betrayal made me pleased as punch.</p>

      <p>“No. Thanks to your magic, I was finally able to voice it. If anything, I’m grateful.”</p>

      <p>“No need to thank me. Everything I did, I did for me.”</p>

      <p>“How long ago did you cast it?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, ages ago. The curse takes time and consumes a ton of fuel too. Well, I call it a curse, but the spell’s not bad per se. It’s increased your strength, for one, and it’s dispelling any indecision in you. Both things you’ll be needing for the battles to come, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes indeed. That’s exactly right. So then...is this goodbye?”</p>

      <p>I intuited that this would be the last of our secret meetings. It wasn’t just that the secretive Palinchron had cast a spell that he’d kept hidden from me. It was more because I could hear a noise not unlike whirring gears. The noise of a wheel that turned without ceasing. And I also understood that this was what Palinchron had been after.</p>

      <p>Why had I never questioned the fact that he was collaborating with me? Why had I treated it as a matter of course? I could only assume that I’d been under the influence of some kind of spell—or some kind of curse. Palinchron must truly have been aiming for all this to happen for, as he himself said, “ages.”</p>

      <p>“Nah, I actually don’t know if this marks the finish line,” he answered. “I planted a whole lot of seeds, but I can’t predict which ones will germinate. There’s a strong chance we’ll meet again. If we get tangled up in each other’s business, that’s certainly fun for me.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Just so you know, I will go to bat for milady, no matter what.”</p>

      <p>“Wouldn’t dream of it being otherwise.”</p>

      <p>“Right then; I’ll be back.”</p>

      <p>“Do be back. When you die, make sure you die with no regrets. That’s all I’m hoping for.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron wasn’t praying for my safety or success. He just wanted me to have no regrets. I smiled wryly. He never changed.</p>

      <p>“Heh. That’s so like you to say that. Goodbye, my friend. I don’t have many, but you are one.”</p>

      <p>I exited the cathedral unaccompanied, a spring in my step. It wasn’t just my feet that felt light. So did my mind and body. I felt refreshed like never before. The nation of Whoseyards, the House of Hellvilleshine, my position as a Celestial Knight—my mother and father, my brothers and sisters, my bosses and colleagues, my friends—it was the first time that I felt free from the fetters of all my obligations. I was no longer weak. I knew neither fear nor hesitation. I was unencumbered. Empty. At long last, I could act for the sake of her happiness. I could fight as a knight with nothing to lose. Just from that, I was beside myself with joy. Now, in order to capture the pawn named Lastiara, I could advance to territory the knight pawns of Whoseyards could never reach. It was in that moment that I, Hine Hellvilleshine, could finally move the pawn called Hine.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Now that I was moving my own pawn by my own hand, I waited for night to fall before heading to the pair’s house. It was on the story’s stage. I was entering Lastiara’s theater house. Using my wind magic, I woke her up and called her outside. The girl came out, rubbing her sleepy eyes, a puzzled look on her face.</p>

      <p>She yawned. “Mr. Hine, what brings you here so late at night?”</p>

      <p>“Well, there’re only two days left, so I came to check up on you.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, is it that time already? You don’t need to check up on me. I can mind the time just fine.”</p>

      <p>“That’s good to hear.”</p>

      <p>Hearing her say she’d be punctual for her own death sentence was maddening. It made me want to kill the pricks who’d made her say it.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Hine? If you have no business with me, I’m going back to bed.”</p>

      <p>“There’s something I’d like to ask you.” What I wanted to know was, did my naive plan have any effect at all, or did it mean nothing whatsoever?</p>

      <p>“I’ve been watching, milady, albeit from afar. You seemed so happy while you were spending time with him. Are you sure you can bear parting with him? Will you not regret undergoing the ritual if it means you’ll never get to see him again?”</p>

      <p>“Wh-Whoa, what’s this all of a sudden?” The girl looked a little confused. But just a little...</p>

      <p>“Please, your reply,” I asked. This was my last hope.</p>

      <p>Yet the lass drowned out her slight confusion and answered with a determined expression. “It’s no problem. Thanks to you, Mr. Hine, I was able to experience that thing called adventure. Through my brush with part of the life Saint Tiara led, what was once admiration turned into conviction.”</p>

      <p>“Does no part of you want to keep adventuring with him?”</p>

      <p>“Becoming a hero—becoming Saint Tiara is my dream. It’s the reason I was born, so...”</p>

      <p>There was no hesitation there. I gnashed my teeth. Shaking her conviction would require something suitably big. Something that flipped everything upside down and tore out the roots at the heart of her. I knew that the girl would be angry with me. I knew she’d scorn me. All the same, I set about rejecting her whole life.</p>

      <p>“Even if those feelings are artificial? Even if you were <em>made</em> to be that way? Even if the person you’ve always been was arranged by Whoseyards for its own convenience and you’ve been lied to and exploited your whole life?”</p>

      <p>For the sake of her future happiness, I told her, even if it meant she’d suffer now—</p>

      <p>“Artificial’s fine by me,” she replied unwaveringly. There was no sign of pain or anger or even contempt. She didn’t ask for details about what I meant with that word. She just quietly answered the question. It was like she’d known everything all along. And her expression intimated that she’d made up her mind.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, so in other words, I’ve misjudged.</em> I couldn’t so much as grasp the heart and mind of a girl who was less than three years old. Not one bit. She already understood the truth behind the creation of “Lastiara.” She understood that her lot in life was such without anyone having to tell her, and she had even braced herself for her fate. Setting aside the question of whether that was the result of external or internal factors, it was all over.</p>

      <p><em>It was all over a long time ago.</em></p>

      <p>What a spineless sense of relief. And I knew full well that they were laughing at me. Those big shots. That was why I had no choice but to say goodbye to her, my voice flat and listless.</p>

      <p>“I see. Understood. In that case, I’ll be returning to the cathedral.”</p>

      <p>She looked nonplussed. “Okay, sure, understood.”</p>

      <p>I left the lass behind. Walking through the town at night, I lamented how little hope was left to me. As I walked, I thought only about how far the pawn named Hine could go, and soon enough I returned to my room in the Cathedral of Whoseyards. Then, I spread out all the weapons in my room and prepared well into the morning for the battles that were sure to come. In the end, there were only two options left to me. Option one: beat an entire country. Option two: knock one girl unconscious. Based on her demeanor, she wouldn’t agree to flee the country, no matter how much I tried to persuade her. She’d been tuned to be that way, after all, and to perfection at that.</p>

      <p>As such, I effectively had no choice but to knock her out and carry her off. I had the resolve to do so now, thanks to Palinchron. I hung my most familiar twin swords at my waist and strapped on my leather gloves. I then put on ten rings that contained some of my magic energy and put my arms through the sleeves of the knightly uniform, not forgetting to hide small magic tools under my clothes. This was the greatest fighting force I could muster.</p>

      <p>On the way out of the cathedral, I passed a subordinate who was surprised by how armed to the teeth I was.</p>

      <p>“What kind of monster are you going out to slay, sir?”</p>

      <p>I smiled wryly. “I’m just going to lend somebody a hand,” I equivocated.</p>

      <p>Early in the morning, I went to the pair’s house again, but I found only the boy’s slave there. It seemed they’d already hit the Dungeon. I had no choice but to go through the entrance of the labyrinth, proceed along the Pathway that I had once walked down alongside her, and reach Floor 20. I knew that if I waited there, we’d run into each other, so I decided to wait for them in the room that was as empty and cold as I was. And I waited. And waited. And waited.</p>

      <p>Ever since I’d met her... Ever since I’d become one of Seven Celestial Knights... Ever since I’d started looking up to knights after seeing someone play the role of a knight in a theater in town... Ever since being born the eldest son of the House of Hellvilleshine... That was how long I’d been waiting. Until, at long last, the two emerged before me.</p>

      <p>“I have been awaiting your arrival, milady.”</p>

      <p>I’d been waiting for this moment. For the time I could betray Whoseyards, abandon the Hellvilleshines, and fight for my oath-sworn maiden. With that, I challenged them to a battle.</p>

      <p>The surprise attack was partially successful. As planned, she was knocked unconscious, but the boy was different, as was to be expected of the protagonist.</p>

      <p>With strength beyond what I’d imagined, he continued parrying my onslaught. I was frustrated that things weren’t going to plan, but I was also pleased. This proved it—he was truly the only one. Only he could clear away my past regrets in my stead. The pawn that was this boy was absolutely necessary to save the girl. In the midst of my hardship, I grew more convinced of that than ever. In the end, I lost the match that hinged on knocking them both out. But although it failed, it was a happy miscalculation. I knew now that the boy was strong enough to defeat the agents of evil in Whoseyards.</p>

      <p>After throwing out remarks hinting at the girl’s current situation, I took to my heels. And when I returned to the cathedral, I immediately started preparing to capture the two who possessed power that beggared imagining. Since I was now fine with throwing away my positions as a Celestial Knight and the firstborn son of the House of Hellvilleshine, I used that standing to gather up the knights of Whoseyards, planning to overwhelm the boy with sheer numbers.</p>

      <p>I cooked up a false pretense whereby they were to capture two escaped Whoseyards VIPs, and I tried to set out for the Dungeon from the cathedral once again. Then, it happened. As if they’d been waiting for me, I found the other Seven Knights at the exit of the cathedral, having come to arrest me. Among them was Pelsiona Quaygar, the head of the Seven Celestial Knights.</p>

      <p>What I was up to was thinly veiled treachery against Whoseyards. I was using knights for personal business as opposed to the interests of the state, and I was trying to kidnap the cathedral’s princess. When the Head of the Knights asked for an explanation, I had no reply. But I’d thrown it all away now. I’d save her by hook or by crook, and I was prepared to kill my former comrades in the process. Blowing away the head knight with some surprise wind magic, I escaped from the cathedral and laid low in town.</p>

      <p>As I rested out of sight, I reflected on how strangely fast the head knight’s response had been. Had the higher-ups predicted my betrayal? Or had Palinchron tattled on me? It was also possible that there was simply a leak somewhere. But while I didn’t know the why of it, this was not such a terrible turn of events. There was no truly turning back now.</p>

      <p>My resolve was moving my pawn ever forward, and I was starting to get a glimpse of a whole new face of the game board. I was beginning to understand the placement of the pieces for the next day’s celebration of the Blessed Birth. It was just as I thought—I was the supporting character and the boy was the main character. The only way to keep the lass in check was through the pawn named Kanami. For indeed, there was no one else for the job. And that being the case, the role of my pawn was...</p>

      <p>The boy would most assuredly come to the cathedral. That was what I believed. And it was on me to prepare by putting things in order. I had to be the one to clean up the proverbial theater. To set the stage. The wounds I sustained while escaping the cathedral stung, but I didn’t mind.</p>

      <p>It’d be difficult to get her in check through just one piece. As such, I didn’t have to give it a moment’s thought. My pawn had but one role to play. One and no other. And to carry out that role, I’d move onward, always onward. I’d show them and keep on walking. Even if it meant the piece named Hine Hellvilleshine should fall in the process.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>