<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“You...wound him up?”</p>

      <p>“When it comes to instigating people, my reputation precedes me. And a lot of the spells I’ve acquired have to do with mental states too.”</p>

      <p>“But why? Why did you—”</p>

      <p>“Because it looked fun. And because I want the government of Whoseyards to pay a price too. Mostly, though, it’s because this is what I like to do.”</p>

      <p>He laughed, and I had no words. This was my first time talking to someone who was so unvarnished about his wrongful intent, and I had no idea how to react. The fact that there were people who could drive others mad in such a happy-go-lucky manner frightened me.</p>

      <p>“My turn to ask a question,” continued Palinchron. “Tell me, laddie, do you feel like saving our good mistress? Our Lastiara?”</p>

      <p>Save Lastiara? Did that mean she was in peril?</p>

      <p>Palinchron’s words were like venom. It was akin to getting force-fed a hit of acid. To me, Palinchron was a poison-spewing monster, or close to it. On high alert for any mental magic, which he’d mentioned he possessed moments prior, I checked my menu only to find there was nothing wrong with me. Palinchron just had a way with words. To think he could get my head aching so hard just by flapping his gums...</p>

      <p>“What do you mean, save her?”</p>

      <p>“Wait, didn’t Hine tell you? Well, if he didn’t, then I guess I’ve gotta be the one to get into it. I’ll do you that favor. I’ll thoroughly explain the secrets behind both Whoseyards and milady. Ugh, it just can’t be helped, can it? Guess I’ll keep things brief. Lastiara Whoseyards is...wait for it! A living sacrifice for the Day of the Blessed Birth. She was created solely to be a vessel for the invocation of Saint Tiara. But naturally, if you stick something like that inside her, her own consciousness goes bye-bye. Long story short, the day after tomorrow, she dies.”</p>

      <p>My heart was racing, beating the same beat it had on that fateful day we had first met. He was prodding me just like he had during that slave auction. He was actively winding me up. Palinchron had pointed at the girl who would have fallen into misery and whipped me up with that faint smile on his face, all but asking, <em>Are you sure you’re okay with not doing anything</em>?</p>

      <p>“Is that true?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t lie. Although I guess that’s for you to decide, laddie.”</p>

      <p>I had no reason to take him at his word. A liar never calls himself a liar. Yet what he said had been corroborated by Lastiara and Mr. Hine.</p>

      <p>“Give me a little more detail.” I wanted it to be a lie, so I needed more info. That way, there could be contradictions to seize upon.</p>

      <p>“Sure. I’ll tell you whatever you want. You’re uniquely entitled to that.” Palinchron’s lips curled, and he sidled up to me slightly. It was the grin of a spider with its prey in its grips. The ice-cold smile of an insect, not of any red-blooded thing.</p>

      <p>“First things first, Lastiara’s not human. She wasn’t born of a womb, and she isn’t even really an organism like you or me. She’s literally made of magic gem. A homunculus of flesh and jewel. We call her a ‘jewelculus.’ Did you know that? She may look grown-up, but it’s only been three years since she was created. She’s a right tot.”</p>

      <p>That was a pretty nonchalant way to spring the news that someone wasn’t human, but I already knew. Lastiara herself had told me. The fact that she was three years old came as a surprise, but I had a vague sense that was the case. She was the poster child for mind-body-unbalance, and this explained her mental infancy.</p>

      <p>Nevertheless, I answered, “Lastiara said she’s sixteen.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, because her body was set as sixteen. She must’ve chosen her biological age as opposed to her actual age to avoid confusing you.”</p>

      <p>Back during the festival, she had couched her answer of sixteen years old with a “more or less.” That was no big contradiction; on the inside, she was probably as Palinchron said.</p>

      <p>“Go on.”</p>

      <p>“You got it. Now, why is it that Whoseyards made a jewelculus—a ‘doll body,’ so to speak? I’ll tell you why: to resurrect a famous person from the past.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron stretched his arms out and kept talking like he was having a grand old time. Every word he uttered shaved away at my heart like a razor.</p>

      <p>“The blood of a saint is preserved in the cathedral. All of her blood. It seems they tried all sorts of ways to bring Saint Tiara, inventor of magic, back to this world, and they zeroed in on the properties of a mage’s blood. Blood has the power to leave behind a lot of magic formulas and arrays. And then they thought, maybe Saint Tiara’s <em>personality</em> could be transmitted by way of a magic formula in the blood too. Gotta admire the guys’ obsession levels.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t feel any reverence on his part for the saint. Needless to say, I had none either.</p>

      <p>I could tell where this was going. That blood...</p>

      <p>“In other words, the duty of the jewelculus Lastiara is to drink all of Saint Tiara’s blood and surrender her body unto the saint. The blood coursing through her veins is jam-packed with transferal formulas. And that’s so that she can be a receptacle for the saint’s resurrection. She was born to die, she was.”</p>

      <p>That blood was going to kill Lastiara, which made Saint Tiara nothing more than an enemy to me.</p>

      <p>“See, Saint Tiara’s resurrection is prophesied in the Book of the Church of Levahn. It’s this year, in fact. And Whoseyards is moving in accordance with that prophecy. The citizens of Whoseyards, for their part, are looking forward to the prophecy’s fulfillment. This year’s Day of the Blessed Birth won’t be the usual, that’s for sure. And it’s right around the corner—the day after tomorrow. Milady hasn’t got too long, ha ha ha. So what’s it gonna be, laddie? What’s it gonna be, Siegy boy?”</p>

      <p>After he finished his smothering monologue, he shot me a badgering look, eager to see my response.</p>

      <p>“Does Lastiara know and accept all of this?”</p>

      <p>“She should have been told that she’d become one with Saint Tiara. It’s ambiguous what that means, but I’m sure she’s vaguely aware of her own annihilation. Her instructor was Hine, so I don’t know the details, but it would definitely have been child’s play to indoctrinate our innocent and purehearted mistress who was born yesterday,” he said, stifling a laugh.</p>

      <p>Lastiara must have thought nothing of “becoming” Saint Tiara on the Day of the Blessed Birth. It was all she was ever raised to believe. If she hadn’t accepted that future, she wouldn’t have been so carefree while Dungeon diving. Any normal person would have fled immediately. She would have fled someplace far, far away, just as Mr. Hine had said.</p>

      <p>“Does Lastiara harbor no mixed feelings about taking part in the ritual?”</p>

      <p>“To be exact, she was <em>conditioned</em> not to have any mixed feelings. Or so I’m guessing. Her life has been planned out from the start. Her future being shaped by others is her destiny.”</p>

      <p>“Her future being shaped...her destiny...”</p>

      <p>Something about those words gave me pause. <em>A life being shaped by fate? I too—</em></p>

      <p>“Apparently, it’s all for Whoseyards’s plan, you know?” continued Palinchron, heedless of my furrowed brow.</p>

      <p>I left the words that had caught my attention and instead focused on what he was saying. “Whoseyards’s plan? What plan is that?”</p>

      <p>“Now that’s a good question. It’s such a <em>fun</em> plan that I was just dying to tell you about it. This is the plan: Lastiara will gladly partake of the ritual and turn into Saint Tiara. And it’s to be unveiled during the Day of the Blessed Birth, to the joy of the public. What happens after that is straight out of a hero tale. Using her wondrous power, she’ll blaze new paths through the Dungeon, lengthen the Pathway, and take the title of strongest from Glenn. For the record, Glenn himself is in on it. Moreover, she’ll take the top prize at the Brawl later on and make her name known throughout the lands, returning in triumph to Whoseyards’s suzerain territory as she works her miraculous magic in every corner. She’ll make her long-awaited entry into the war in the north of the continent, and the living legend that is the Saint will descend upon the supreme commander on the front lines. Through her authority and might, the war will end as an overwhelming victory for Whoseyards! Wowee, she really is our hero! Ha ha. What a splendid tale, right? All of this is what they’ve decided on.”</p>

      <p>The plan they had for Lastiara’s future mirrored the hero stories that she so enjoyed. <em>Sounds like she’d be stoked</em>, I thought, only to realize the way that everything lined up was too convenient. It made me suspect that her interests and preferences had been artificially contrived to be like that. Maybe it wasn’t that Lastiara viewed hero tales with a romantic lens and wanted to be a hero herself. Maybe she’d been <em>taught</em> to view hero tales that way <em>because</em> she was to be a hero from the jump. And if that was true, then...it was enough to make my stomach churn.</p>

      <p>“Nobody’s whole life should be planned out for them,” I found myself grumbling. “That’s totally absurd.”</p>

      <p>“Right?! So c’mon, laddie! Let’s go save the girl!” he replied, beaming.</p>

      <p>I was too scared for words. A proposal that pure coming from a stinker like Palinchron?</p>

      <p>“You’re just trying to get me riled up! What is it you wanna do?!”</p>

      <p>“What do I wanna do? I wanna save a fellow human being, of course. I wanna give milady the life of an honest-to-goodness <em>person</em>. I wanna rescue her from sacrificing herself for some monstrous delusion about her becoming a saint!” he said, a gleam in his eyes.</p>

      <p>I could tell that he thought Lastiara’s destiny was just plain foolish and tedious. He thought that a plan so set in stone going smoothly was <em>boring</em>. He thought that saving Lastiara sounded exciting, and nothing more. Indeed, that was all he wanted. His desire to rock the boat was so easy to pick up on.</p>

      <p>“I’d like you to put a stop to Saint Tiara’s resurrection. More specifically, I want you to demolish Whoseyards’s biggest festival, the Day of the Blessed Birth of Saint Tiara, the day after tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>There was no way I’d agree to demolish anything. That went against my policy. Don’t get me wrong. I was enraged to hear the truth behind Lastiara’s situation. But there was only so much I could do. I didn’t have that kind of time.</p>

      <p>“If I do that, I’ll be arrested. I could have the purest of intentions, but it’s still a crime.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so? I’m sure you won’t get arrested. You’re strong enough to give them the slip. You’ve driven away the Seven Celestial Knights, this country’s foremost battle power, over and over again.”</p>

      <p>“If the authorities set their sights on me, I’ll become a criminal and it’d be tough for me to do anything. It would greatly affect my everyday life.”</p>

      <p>“If that happens, you can just flee the country. If you go someplace outside of Whoseyards’s reach, it’s smooth sailing from there.”</p>

      <p>“I’m a Dungeon diver without any relatives. I don’t wanna leave this place, and I’ve got nowhere to go.”</p>

      <p>“If you go to either of the two countries down south, it shouldn’t be a problem. It’s not like Vart’s on friendly terms with Whoseyards either. Someone as strong as you should have no trouble finding somewhere that’ll give you shelter.”</p>

      <p>“Why should I have to seek shelter or run away at all? Don’t be ridic—”</p>

      <p>“I get it. So in other words, you can totally save her if you wanted to, but you’re looking out for number one, so you <em>won’t</em> save her. Is that the gist of it?” He flashed a nasty smile, hitting me where it hurt. Bull’s-eye.</p>

      <p>I scowled. All I could do was acknowledge what a small man I really was. “Yep. Nailed it. That’s exactly right,” I said, ashamed. But really, didn’t everyone look out for number one?</p>

      <p>Palinchron stared at me with disappointment in his eyes. “Huh. Not taking the bait this time, are you? Back at the slave market, you were easy pickings. Do you dislike her or what? Or is there something special about that slave?”</p>

      <p>Now he had hit me in the recesses of my heart. Recesses nobody was supposed to notice.</p>

      <p>“It’s a matter of degree,” I replied. “I managed to make the slave problem go away with money, but this is different. It’s like you said—I like Lastiara, but I don’t like her <em>that</em> much.”</p>

      <p>His eyes scrutinized me. He tried to see through my lies with his penetrating gaze. After a moment, he smiled and said, “Ha ha. Well, I guess it’s unreasonable of me to tell you to drop everything and resign yourself to antagonizing Whoseyards. I’m not gonna coerce you. As far as I’m concerned, I can call this a huge success just because I caused Hine to get a bit unhinged. No use getting greedy now. That said...I’ve got a feeling you <em>will</em> help.”</p>

      <p>On the surface, he’d essentially told me he was giving up, but he eyed me like a fly caught in his web.</p>

      <p>Palinchron got to his feet. “Right then, I’m gonna go disappear now. My credo involves operating behind the scenes.” He gave me a little wave goodbye and made to exit the church.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t expecting such a quick and easy conclusion. I had thought he’d be more insistent about persuading me. Or did he think that much was enough to push me to do it? I didn’t understand his true intentions, but I watched him go without saying a thing. I’d obtained the minimum amount of information I needed. I wasn’t going to stop him so that I could wring more out of him. He was just that big a puzzle to me.</p>

      <p>With Palinchron gone, the church fell silent, and I heaved a sigh. Taking deep breaths, I dragged my heavy, leaden form home. I felt like a sack of bricks, and my emotional state was similarly heavy.</p>

      <p>It was likely due to this gloominess that I wasn’t able to go shopping or visit Dia afterwards. I went straight home to look for Lastiara, but she wasn’t there. No matter where I looked, the only one home was Maria.</p>

      <p>Maria came up to me with worry in her eyes. That was laudable of her, but knowing her courage could be stemming from infatuation made it hopelessly difficult to deal with.</p>

      <p>“What’s the matter, Master?”</p>

      <p>I wondered whether I should tell her about Lastiara. Going by appearances, the two were on good terms. While Maria pushed Lastiara away with cold words often enough, the way I saw it, that was just how friends talked.</p>

      <p>Did Maria know much about Lastiara? Maybe they spoke like when they were alone together earlier.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s just...the day after tomorrow, Lastiara...she...”</p>

      <p>“The day after tomorrow? What about it? Is Ms. Lastiara doing something?”</p>

      <p>“On the Day of the Blessed Birth...”</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>Maria waited for me to finish speaking. She didn’t put any particular importance on the day after tomorrow or the Day of the Blessed Birth. It seemed that she didn’t know a thing, much like me a short while ago.</p>

      <p>I hesitated to fill her in. Maria and Lastiara were friends. And if they were friends, she should hear it all from Lastiara herself. That was what I found myself thinking. Besides, the information I had wasn’t information from Lastiara’s mouth. It was just hearsay from Mr. Hine and Palinchron.</p>

      <p><em>No, I’m only hiding behind excuses.</em></p>

      <p>The real reason I wasn’t telling her? I was feeling down. And I was feeling too listless to explain. Just like when I had bumped into her at the slave market, I took back the words that had been about to escape my lips simply because my heart was heavy, rolling out the bland, tepid, nothing of an answer instead.</p>

      <p>“She said let’s hang out again on the Day of the Blessed Birth.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. That’s fine; of course.” Maria nodded meekly even as her eyes bored holes right through me.</p>

      <p>Her response wasn’t lost on me. She was probably just pretending to take my word for it. She’d intuited what I wanted and refrained from prying. It was far from the only time she had taken a step back out of consideration for me—in fact, it happened all the time. And the thought that it stemmed from her feelings for me made me want to dig a hole out of there.</p>

      <p>My body felt even more leaden now, and I dragged myself away to my bedroom, fleeing for the hills. In my head, a chaotic whirlwind swarm of information swirled and danced in my head, and I felt less than well. I wrapped myself in my blanket in the hopes that would help.</p>

      <p>By dinner and even later in the wee hours of the night, Lastiara had not returned.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The next day, on the morning of the eve of the Blessed Birth, I could hear the voices of people from far away despite the early hour. The nation was livening up in anticipation of the climactic holiday.</p>

      <p>In order to soothe my parched throat, I forced the sack of bricks that was my body out of bed and dragged myself to the living room. It was when I walked down the corridor and opened the door leading into the kitchen that I saw her—a girl creeping in through the window.</p>

      <p>Lastiara. I’d waited for her until the wee hours. When our eyes met, she waved a hand in greeting.</p>

      <p>“Oh! Hey, uhh, good morning, Sieg.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, uhh, morning.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara couldn’t have expected to see me again right then and there. She entered the living room in a disconcerted rush and walked towards the storage shed farther inside. I calmed my racing heart and watched her. She was rummaging through the breakfast bread and brought some to the living room table. I took a seat at the same table and addressed her as she stuffed her cheeks.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, there’s something I wanna chat with you about.”</p>

      <p>“Hrm? A chat? Sure.”</p>

      <p>“It’s about tomorrow. The Day of the Blessed Birth.”</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh.”</p>

      <p>I stared at her calmly. I was only going to ask her the most important question. “Tomorrow, are you going to, err...surrender your body to Saint Tiara?”</p>

      <p>Her expression didn’t change; there wasn’t so much as a crease in that face that had been constructed to be peerlessly beautiful.</p>

      <p>She nodded. “Yep. That’s what I plan to do,” she said, her tone as lighthearted as always.</p>

      <p>I grimaced. I was emotionally shaken, so much so that I could tell, but I maintained my composure to the best of my ability. “That’s what you plan to do... But I heard that if you do, you’ll functionally cease to be.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, so you heard. Guess Hine or somebody else told you?”</p>

      <p>“You’re not denying it. Is it really true?”</p>

      <p>I’d wanted her to deny it. I’d wanted her to laugh and say it was all a lie. It would have been such a relief. We could have continued Dungeon diving together, just like we had up until the day before.</p>

      <p>“Rats. I kept it on the down-low because I didn’t want to shock you.”</p>

      <p>“Who cares about that?! This is more important!”</p>

      <p>“I was looking forward to seeing the face you would’ve made when you’d found you’d suddenly formed a party with Saint Tiara.”</p>

      <p>“What are you... You won’t be there to see that!” I choked out.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t help but flare up at her, but she kept talking as flippantly as usual, her smile not abating.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine! Saint Tiara is also me. Even if I become the saint, I’ll still be your comrade. You don’t gotta worry.”</p>

      <p>She was trying to assuage me by telling me it wouldn’t affect my Dungeon diving, but that was off base and it only fueled my irritation further.</p>

      <p>“No! You can’t say that! I heard that if you become Saint Tiara, you’ll lose your consciousness! You’ll basically disappear! Do you even get that?!” I couldn’t help it; I was getting louder.</p>

      <p>“So I hear. I understand that,” she said, taking it in stride.</p>

      <p>“So you hear?! And you’re fine with that?!”</p>

      <p>“I am. My purpose in life is to become one with Saint Tiara. I respect her. I think any hero who saved so many lives is wonderful, and I love both their lives and their stories. If I can <em>become</em> one of those heroes, then I’ve got nothing to complain about. Why would I ever resist? If anything, it’s an honor.”</p>

      <p>Her excess of faith reminded me of what Mr. Hine called her: <em>fake</em>. And her faith in Saint Tiara was so squeaky-clean it had a touch of madness. So much so, in fact, that I couldn’t think of it as anything other than artificial.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t that just because you were brought up to be that way? Normally, if a person was told they’d disappear, they’d resist the idea at least a little bit. It’s like you’ve been <em>brainwashed</em>!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I guess so. I know, okay? I know I’m biased. But that’s just how I am. Even if it’s my upbringing or I’m brainwashed, that’s still who I am now. Are you gonna reject everything about me and the life I’ve lived up till today as ‘fake’ or ‘artificial’? Because that’s all there is to me. Are you gonna sit there and tell me what makes me <em>me</em> is invalid?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara didn’t waver or hesitate at all when she said she didn’t care if she was indoctrinated or brainwashed. It was plain to see she possessed a will and a mind of her own. A sense of self that was elastic but also had a core.</p>

      <p>I was baffled. Where were the boundaries anymore? Where were the lines between the artificial Lastiara and the real one? I couldn’t blindly deny the validity of her resolution, not without hearing her out. If I tried to disavow the artificial Lastiara and ended up disavowing the true Lastiara in the process, it’d all come to nothing in the end. Which was why all I could do was make a last gasp, words quavering:</p>

      <p>“R-Really? You’re <em>genuinely</em> okay with that?”</p>

      <p>Undaunted, she looked straight at me. “Of course I am. I was born to be Saint Tiara’s vessel and raised to be her vessel too. Becoming Saint Tiara is the reason I’m alive... I’m sure of it. Because I... I mean...”</p>

      <p>Part of the way through, her expression turned less resolute.</p>

      <p>“Because that’s who...I am?”</p>

      <p>Now she looked uneasy, apprehensive about what she herself had said. And something similar had happened in the past too. When she’d joined the party at the pub, her thoughts had changed as she spoke. A firm conviction that had melted in the middle of a sentence. She was like an unstable sky, growing sunny, then cloudy, sunny, then cloudy. That was Lastiara writ large.</p>

      <p>“That’s what I’m like, apparently,” she muttered without confidence, her eyes wandering.</p>

      <p>It was then that I knew for sure. The truth behind the unstable foundation I’d always felt she was standing on—the artificial Lastiara and the real one were nipping at each other’s heels.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>