<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Maria _____</h1>

      <p><em>It’s burning.</em></p>

      <p><em>Ahh, it’s all burning. Every little bit. The cherished house entrusted to me by Master, my one place to belong. Burning. I blinked and it was burning. I don’t know when it started...</em></p>

      <p><em>Did this much really accumulate over time? Is there really so much of that dark red emotion in me? That frothing feeling screaming to be let out. That sticky sludge boiling and roiling and moiling in the recesses of my soul. The fuel that I’d kept pressing down had grown too dense. My mad crush and my envy.</em></p>

      <p><em>It had started with a spark—that whole new world opened up by the magic the Thief of Fire’s Essence had given me. That spark had burned everything that had been piling up in my heart, igniting it into a hellfire blaze that suffused my innermost being. The abyssal blaze had burned my heart, illuminated it, exposed it.</em></p>

      <p>The shadow of what I truly wanted was cast in sharp relief upon my heart. The daily life of a certain ____, projected like a shadow puppet play.</p>

      <p><em>That’s right.</em> <em>That right there’s what I’m supposed to desire more than anything.</em> <em>I just want to go back. Back to that happy place. Back to my hometown. Back to the past. Back to those wonderful days. I just wanted to regain that slice of peace. Everyone was happy there. I had the company of ____, of _____, of _____, of my friends, of my family, my clan, there in the Fanian hinterlands. It was farmland with nothing interesting to speak of. The sticks were a metropolis by comparison. Day after day, we were busy working the fields, hunting, and helping with the household chores. But everyone was smiling and laughing. Each and every one...</em></p>

      <p><em>It was me who destroyed that place. No, the power of my eyes destroyed it. These eyes that can see the true nature of things. They didn’t find it or spot it or look upon it. They actively </em>saw<em> it. Which is why, even when I was working the fields, my eyes would immediately be drawn to the fundamental improvements that could be made, and my hands would stop. Whenever I went on the hunt, I stopped being able to use traditional methods. Whenever I did housework, I invariably brooded, thinking this wasn’t the sort of work I should be doing. And every time, I’d be yelled at. Oh, how nostalgic. ____ would always gently admonish me.</em></p>

      <p><em>“You’ve got a more discerning eye than the other kids,” they’d say. “Those eyes of yours are a gift from heaven,” they’d say. And faintly, I remember them making this request of me: “Use that power and find what can be of use to the village.”</em></p>

      <p><em>But now I can’t even remember _____’s face.</em></p>

      <p><em>Where did I go wrong? When those disturbing rumors began to circulate in the village? When the country went to war? No, maybe the decisive moment the dominoes fell was when the army started stationing their troops in the village? Or maybe when I mouthed off to military command about their policies? Or maybe when I said </em>I<em> could win the battle? Or maybe when I took the battle into my own...</em></p>

      <p><em>No. That’s beside the point. The exact sequence of events isn’t important. And it’s because of my eyes that I know the real problem lay elsewhere.</em></p>

      <p><em>In the end, that village was destined for destruction no matter what. Its fate was sealed long before the army came. That village was in an unlucky location. It was simple but true, and I understood it full well. Its ruin was destiny in action. Oh, I’d hastened its downfall, sure. But I could see that wasn’t the root cause. Even if I could go back to those wonderful days, as I so wished, I would merely suffer the same fate again. The rare black-haired, black-eyed clan living in such a small village was destined to perish in an era like this. That’s all there is to it.</em></p>

      <p>“That’s why I don’t want to return to the past.”</p>

      <p>The Thief of Fire’s Essence replied forlornly, “Yeah, I don’t blame you.”</p>

      <p><em>Then what </em>do<em> I want to do? What do I want?</em></p>

      <p>I viewed the silhouettes created by the light of the flames, witnessing once again the world that portrayed the vista of my heart<em>.</em> That world didn’t contain my hometown or ____ or anything of the sort. All that stuff had burned to cinders. ____, ____, and ____ had all turned to ash, and I could no longer remember any of them. Such was the cost I paid for fire magic. That, I remembered. I knew that they were important to me and that they’d vanished from inside of me. So now, there was just one shadowy figure left. The person with the same black hair and eyes as my clan. He was all that was left to me. The person who kept depositing more sediment into the bottom of my heart. He was the only thing projected in my world.</p>

      <p>Then the Thief of Fire’s Essence whispered to me sadly, “Look. Sieg’s here.”</p>

      <p>My liar of a Master, “Siegfried Vizzita,” emerged from below the hill. He was a kind person, chosen in my eyes to be ____’s replacement. And he was so noble that I couldn’t fully grasp it, not even through my eyes. He was a hero among heroes. He was my darling. He was the destination of the burning blaze.</p>

      <p>My Master had returned at last...</p>

      <p><em>From that day...</em></p>

      <p><em>At last...</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The Thief of Fire’s Essence was uninterested in any ordinary romance.</p>

      <p>Three days prior. That was when I had met her for the first time in any real sense, after hitting the festival with my Master and Ms. Lastiara. On the way back, the Thief and I were left by ourselves, and that was the beginning of our tale together.</p>

      <p>“It’s wonderful! You’re wonderful! Ohh, it’s just so precious, Mar-Mar!” The Thief of Fire’s Essence—Ms. Alty—had deemed my crush “wonderful.”</p>

      <p>“Mightn’t you be looking for the word ‘stupid’?”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, you’re precious. You’re adorable. You’re by no means <em>stupid</em>. You’re just a normal girl with normal feelings. What’s a pity is how outmatched you are. I mean, when it’s Lastiara you’re up against, anybody would be out of their depth.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right. Anybody would be. That’s how perfect she is. In fact, she’s so pretty and perfect that it’s like she was <em>created</em>, not born.” I heaved a sigh, despairing of the power gap between me and her.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, ‘created,’ you say? You hit the nail on the head. She really is a creation, and one that’s overpowered.”</p>

      <p>“I resent God. Why didn’t God make me a bit taller? If only I had a nice physique like hers, and I had smooth hair like hers, and I had nicer-looking eyes like hers, maybe then Master would look at me at least a little.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I think you’ve got your own appeal, Mar-Mar.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha. In what way, shape, or form? I’m tiny and flat, like a little kid. My hair’s tousled and my eyes look mean. I’ve got no sex appeal.” I could almost feel my spirit sinking into a muddy mire.</p>

      <p>“I can’t agree.”</p>

      <p>“Even if I’m wrong about that, I’m still unqualified to be standing beside the hero of the story. What Master wants is for me to be strong enough to help him Dungeon dive, and I lack that strength. If only I were strong...”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. You want strength, eh?”</p>

      <p>I remembered what had happened a few days back. I’d been far from useful in the Dungeon. In fact, I’d only dragged him down. I knew I’d never be able to find a place to shine in the Dungeon again.</p>

      <p>Back then, Lastiara had said she’d make sure we didn’t “die or break on her” from the sidelines. I understood that she was rooting for my crush in a roundabout way, but it was an ill portent. It wasn’t as though I had a good pretext for getting closer to him. When he told me he wanted me to cook his food for him every day in this house, I’d managed to step out of the pit of despair, but the tunnel was still dark.</p>

      <p>I sighed.</p>

      <p>“Don’t get so down in the dumps. You’re gonna make me sad too.”</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry...”</p>

      <p>Ms. Alty truly did look sad. “No, you don’t need to apologize. Never mind that; you said it’s strength, right? You said it’s power that you lack.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right, yes. Without it, I’ll never be of use to Master.”</p>

      <p>“About that. I’ve got a way. A method to make you stronger.”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, what, you do?!”</p>

      <p>“Yep, of course I do. I am now and always a friend to all girls whose crushes are unrequited.”</p>

      <p>“What sort of method is it?!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll teach you magic. As a professional specializing in fire magic, just wait, because I’ll make your fire magic primo stuff.”</p>

      <p>“Magic?”</p>

      <p>“Granted, the method’s a bit of a brute-force tactic. After all, you’re gonna be drinking blood with my magic formulas packed into it.”</p>

      <p>“I’m drinking blood?”</p>

      <p>If it were a formula-inscribed magic gem I was to swallow, I’d understand, but I’d never heard of drinking blood packed with formulas. I had my doubts that doing so would actually teach me the spell.</p>

      <p>“I don’t blame you for being suspicious. The method doesn’t seem to exist in this day and age. But I guarantee you it’ll work. You have my word as the pinnacle of fire mages. With this, you’ll be closer to standing at the peak of all fire mages too.” Ms. Alty stared at me with earnest eyes.</p>

      <p>“But if I drink blood, the magic formulas won’t—”</p>

      <p>“This fact’s not well-known, mind you. But drinking blood and swallowing a magic gem are ultimately the same. Magic gems are an improved, easier-to-learn method, I’ll give you that. With those, all anyone needs is the elemental affinity to learn a spell. But the mechanism is the same. Of course, the conditions required to learn magic through blood are very limiting. It’s really only for a small subset of people. That’s why the method hasn’t permeated enough for anyone to know of it.”</p>

      <p>Alty knew a lot about magic. Though what she said was a bit eccentric, I could be certain that she possessed a deeper insight than Ms. Franrühle, the girl who attended that academy. She was more than a little persuasive.</p>

      <p>“And I fulfill those conditions?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you do. For better or for worse, it’s perfect. Your affinity is basically perfect.”</p>

      <p>“What would those conditions be?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, well, it’s actually supposed to be a secret, but...you’re the one and only Mar-Mar, so I’ll let you in on a little bit. Basically, it all hinges on how much the blood giver and the recipient have in common. You and I have the same worries and similar personalities. Our lives are also similar. Honestly, we’re really alike. That’s important.”</p>

      <p>“Err, uhh, so in other words, you have an unrequited crush too, Ms. Alty?”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, I do. You and I are the same.”</p>

      <p>That fact came as a shock to me. Somewhere deep inside, I’d been laboring under the impression that I was the only one with such woes. “So that’s why you’re spending so much time trying to help me.”</p>

      <p>With that, the doubts I was harboring in a corner of my mind were cleared. To be frank, I’d regarded her providing me with so much support as odd and worthy of suspicion. But if she viewed me as a kindred spirit, it was more credible. My Perception skill—my eyes—also saw her as benevolent towards me.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. At any rate, if you drink my blood, it’ll all make sense. So whaddya say? Gonna have a drink?”</p>

      <p>Ms. Alty extended her arm towards me with a smile. I hesitated. I wasn’t particularly worried about the risk of her lying. I was worried that I was inconveniencing her. I felt bad, receiving so much from her without giving her anything in return.</p>

      <p>“Are... Are you sure you don’t mind? Isn’t it the case that mages cherish their spells and don’t generally think nothing of sharing them with others?”</p>

      <p>Her reply was immediate. “I don’t mind. I just want to be helpful to you.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, I’ll drink it,” I said, replying instantly myself. “If it’s how I can obtain more power, I’ll drink it.”</p>

      <p>Seeing me lose any hesitation, Ms. Alty chuckled. “Heh heh, that’s what I like to hear.”</p>

      <p>She wasted no time slitting her wrist and shedding her blood. The merciless act of self-mutilation shocked and startled me, but it seemed a mage of sufficient skill and experience could do it without any issues. I steeled my resolve and brought my mouth closer to her wrist. Red blood spilled out and landed on my tongue. Then it traveled down my throat and permeated my insides. The taste of iron spread through my mouth, and it quickly sank in that, yes, I’d just drunk somebody’s blood. At the same time, I felt something hot welling up from the bottom of my stomach. It felt like I had acquired something new. Like my blood was making a stir. Like the magic energy inside my body got startled somehow.</p>

      <p>Ms. Alty saw that it had taken and nodded. “Now all of the fire spells that I possess have been recorded in your blood.”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s all it takes? For every spell?” It seemed so abrupt. It had been even easier than when I’d swallowed those magic gems.</p>

      <p>“Yep, though you won’t be able to use them right away. It’ll take time for your body to adapt. If you use high-level magic too soon, your constitution’ll take a dreadful hit. Why don’t we start by practicing a few of the simpler spells?”</p>

      <p>Ms. Alty smiled faintly and ignited a small flame in her palm without incanting. I didn’t think for a second that the piddly flame would do anything in the Dungeon, so I got a bit anxious. Even if I’d gained more options for my fire magic, it didn’t mean squat if it had no use against monsters on Floor 20 and beyond. The reason I wanted power to begin with was so I could keep up with Master.</p>

      <p>“I... I’m sorry, but if you could, I’d like you to let me practice some powerful offensive spells. Spells that would work on giant monsters on the deeper floors of the Dungeon!”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. Just as I thought, you want the fast track, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, please. If I don’t hurry, I’ll have missed the train on just about everything. That’s the feeling I get.”</p>

      <p>“But using magic that’s above your capacity demands a corresponding payment. Magic is an art that runs off the mind, heart, and soul. By biting off more than you can chew with your spells, you’ll be driving your mind too hard.”</p>

      <p>“I’m fine with that. Please help me.”</p>

      <p>Needless to say, I had no hesitation despite Ms. Alty’s ominous warning. I could get stronger immediately just by sacrificing something? That deal was just too sweet. There was no way I wouldn’t jump at the chance. Up until that point, I’d sacrificed plenty and never gotten any power out of it.</p>

      <p>“Ahh,” said Ms. Alty, muttering quietly. “I knew it.”</p>

      <p>Those words weren’t meant for me. It seemed she was talking to herself. I was about to ask what she meant by “I knew it,” but I was interrupted by her vigorous reply.</p>

      <p>“Your determination pleases me, Mar-Mar. Now, it’s going to take a bit of a toll on you, but I guess I’ll teach you fire magic that’ll be of use on the deeper floors: <em>Midgard Blaze</em>, which specializes in sheer firepower, and <em>Flame Flamberge</em>, which is good for close quarters. Both of them pack tremendous power, but they’re hard to control. I want you to practice these spells with caution.”</p>

      <p>She wordlessly produced a fire serpent with one hand. Seeing that sinister spell, I nodded, my breath catching. We veered off the road home and shifted to a vacant lot on the outskirts of town. First, she taught me the basics of magic and the tricks to fire magic. I naturally came to call her “Teach.” Within hours, I had mastered both <em>Midgard Blaze </em>and <em>Flame Flamberge</em>. Unlike her, I could only cast them after a long incantation, but the speed at which I’d learned such high-level magic was mind-blowing.</p>

      <p>“To think I can already use spells this amazing...” A fire serpent of terrifying lethality swam in the air around me, totally under my control.</p>

      <p>“That’s thanks to how compatible you and I are,” she said. “What else is there? Oh yeah, let’s try changing up your signature <em>Firefly</em> spell too. That’s a spell that improves dramatically depending on how you use it.”</p>

      <p>It was getting late, so all that was left was some not-so-taxing practice. However, thanks to her guidance, my options for magic multiplied even more. On the way home, I bowed my head to her.</p>

      <p>“Thank you so much, Teach!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I don’t need any thanks. I’m doing this because I like it.”</p>

      <p>“No, I insist! I will return the favor one day, mark my words! Thanks to you, I think I can be of use to my Master!”</p>

      <p>“You really are fond of Sieg, aren’t you, Mar-Mar? Just try not to go overboard, okay? The incantation for the fire spells I taught you are all special. Heavy use of them will cause the heat of your emotions to increase. For your purposes, I made them use your past as fuel to fire up your present crush and nothing beyond that, but even so, I suggest you don’t overuse them.”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. If my crush gets more heated, I greatly welcome that outcome.”</p>

      <p>“Just be careful to make sure you don’t get burned.”</p>

      <p>“Right!” I replied with a smile. In my heart, I felt strong.</p>

      <p>For some reason, though, Alty stared at me sadly before smiling and taking her leave. Then I, too, headed home.</p>

      <p>That day, my strides felt lighter than ever.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The next day, I used the fire magic I’d learned to battle against the furies of Floor 21. To get straight to the point, I discovered that I <em>still</em> couldn’t keep up with them in the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>And of course I couldn’t. Even if I got stronger, the other two would get stronger at a faster rate. But it still felt worth it. I didn’t feel the despair that hit me last time. And Ms. Lastiara, who was rooting for me, said, “See you.”</p>

      <p>Left to my own devices, alone at home, I analyzed what I lacked. First, I lacked staying power, as Ms. Lastiara had told me. There was no arguing that point. In addition, my inability to defend myself, which Master was so concerned about, was a problem as well. Unless I could resolve those two issues, I had no future.</p>

      <p>“I need more power! I need to practice more magic!”</p>

      <p>As I wiped the sweat from my brow, I stepped outside the house and resumed my magic training. I was about to collapse from the rigors of that dive, but I couldn’t allow myself to moan and give up. If I got good at controlling my magic, I’d be able to adjust my firepower and economize my magic energy usage. If the speed at which my magic activated got faster, it would open me up less to attack. The more I practiced, the more my problems would resolve themselves.</p>

      <p>I practiced until I reached the cusp of passing out, and then I did chores around the house instead of resting my body. And I kept repeating that cycle. While my consciousness grew hazy, I was assailed by the strange sensation that a variety of things were leaving me. But I knew that my skill with magic was growing in inverse proportion to that too.</p>

      <p>It was during a break from my training, while I was doing the cooking, that the two returned. And from the sound of it, they’d hit a snag deeper in the Dungeon. As the problem they faced had to do with fire and heat, I was tempted to tell them I’d lend a hand, but I resisted that urge and spent more time training my magic instead. At my current power level, I’d once again be of no use. This was the time to bear with not going.</p>

      <p>But that night, when they returned again, I noticed something was a tad off. Every time I tried to look Master in the eyes, he’d avert his gaze with superb timing. Looking closely, I got the feeling he was blushing somewhat. Ever since meeting with Ms. Alty, he’d remained that way. Perhaps Ms. Alty had been “thoughtful” in a way I didn’t need her to be.</p>

      <p>Through my Perception skill, I confirmed that Master was feeling awkward and embarrassed. I felt like I was seeing an honest human emotion in him for the first time in a while. And that made me happy, so I didn’t stoop so low as to pry.</p>

      <p>The day after that, I got up early in the morning to hone my magic some more, and to start preparing breakfast for when those two woke up. I didn’t neglect my training even while I was making their meals. I used my own fire to cook, not the house’s.</p>

      <p>Then, my flame started transforming, but not because I willed it to. Flustered, I tried to keep it at bay by pouring more magic energy into it, but the fire shrugged off my magic energy manipulation and took on the shape of a mouth.</p>

      <p>“Mar-Mar. It’s me. It’s Alty.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Th-That’s you, Ms. Alty?”</p>

      <p>I’d seen this sight before. When Master and I had entered Floor 10 of the Dungeon, the fire there had also spoken to us.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for startling you. But this way’s the fastest. There’s something I’d like to talk to you about.”</p>

      <p>“This method’s certainly convenient. So, what is it?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll teach you how to do this too, one of these days. But this time, I figured I’d teach you another spell.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, you’re going to teach me magic again?” My voice naturally grew louder.</p>

      <p>I’d thought Ms. Alty was a busy person, so I’d braced for the idea that it would take a long time before I got to see her again. That was why I thought it was such a stroke of good luck to be taught more magic this soon.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Sieg asked me nicely, so now I’m gonna teach you a spell to remove the Dungeon’s lava.”</p>

      <p>“Lava, you say?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. Floor 24’s lava zone. This spell’s gonna be handy for crossing it. If you learn it, you’ll be of use in the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>What I actually wanted was fresh new attack spells. Learning how to remove lava would only be useful on Floor 24. If it wasn’t a spell that could work all throughout, I wouldn’t be able to keep up with them in the long run.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee. Don’t worry, I’ll teach you other spells too. Oh, I know. Why don’t we meet at the pub where we first met at noon today?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, sure, okay.”</p>

      <p>The flame then reverted to its prior kitchen flame shape. I smiled broadly and resumed my cooking. If my arsenal of magic kept increasing like this, I could perhaps establish a place for myself in the Dungeon. It was with that hope in my heart that I cooked their meals.</p>

      <p>That day, Master and Ms. Lastiara headed out for a Dungeon dive after having breakfast, but their dive was immediately cut short and they came back in next to no time. Ms. Lastiara seemed reticent, and she departed for her home in Whoseyards in a hurry. Of the two, only Master remained in the house, and he looked disheartened.</p>

      <p>While this was my chance to do all sorts of stuff with him, just the two of us, I couldn’t afford to renege on my meeting with Ms. Alty. In the long term, learning magic would be absolutely necessary, and I couldn’t let short-term pleasure win out, so I left him behind and went to meet up with my teacher.</p>

      <p>She was seated in the same chair as the last time around. In addition, a man I didn’t know was sitting at the same table.</p>

      <p>“Sup, Mar-Mar?” said Ms. Alty. “Over here.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, coming.” I took the seat that Ms. Alty guided me to. I gave the tall man with the sharp features a little bow of greeting. Was he an acquaintance of hers?</p>

      <p>“Oh, him? You don’t gotta worry about him. He’ll be out of our hair shortly. I guess you could call him an old friend of mine.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, an old friend, huh? Yeah, that tracks. Don’t you worry, little missy. I’ll be on my way in a jiffy.”</p>

      <p>And just as he promised, he got up out of his chair right away and left. It was only after he was gone that I noticed that I’d met him before. Perhaps thanks to my unique eyes, I was able to compare his features against a man I’d seen in the past, even in such a short span of time. If I recalled correctly, he had been there when Master had won the bidding for me at the slave market. I didn’t know how he and Master were connected, but he had to at least be an acquaintance of his. I regretted not greeting him a bit more politely, but my Perception skill rejected the notion. It was telling me that I ought to do my best <em>not</em> to have anything to do with him.</p>

      <p>“Now then, let’s grab something to eat first. It’s lunchtime, after all.” Ms. Alty gave me a menu.</p>

      <p>Soon, we were eating as though nothing had happened. As we partook, Ms. Alty engaged in small talk with me.</p>

      <p>“How’ve you been lately? Do you think your relationship’s about to develop further?”</p>

      <p>“No. Nothing’s really changing on that front. But thanks to the magic you taught me, I’m now able to take down strong monsters.”</p>

      <p>“That’s good to hear.”</p>

      <p>“But I don’t have enough magic power to cast spells without instantly losing my breath. So in the end, the Dungeon is Master and Ms. Lastiara’s domain. It’s not going my way,” I reported as I stirred the soup that was placed at the table.</p>

      <p>“I see. I’m rooting for you, Mar-Mar, so that’s rather lamentable news.”</p>

      <p>“That being said, I <em>will</em> become like Ms. Lastiara one day. Even if it’s beyond my reach now, I will one day, mark my words!”</p>

      <p>Ms. Alty’s expression remained somber. “One day, huh?” She looked sad, like she was remembering something.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s just that we don’t have that kind of time. According to what I heard a short while ago, Sieg and Lastiara’s relationship’s about to take a sudden turn, see.”</p>

      <p>“A sudden turn?”</p>

      <p>The two <em>had</em> been acting strange that day. Then again, Master was pretty much always in a hurry over something or other, and Ms. Lastiara was always fairly unhinged.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. Just as you figured, Mar-Mar, the two themselves haven’t changed. They’re not about to change either. In their eyes, they’re fine the way they are. It’s just that it seems the people around them don’t approve of that. It looks like we need to hurry things a bit up.”</p>

      <p>The people around Master? Wouldn’t that just be the folks here, at the pub where he worked? Yet it didn’t sound like that was who she was referring to. The only other possibility was the people around Ms. Lastiara. Was she referring to the Whoseyards knights who had encountered the party in the Dungeon? It was certainly true that they were thorns in my side, in that they might deepen the pair’s relationship.</p>

      <p>“Do you mean those knights?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s just as you fear. The Whoseyards knights are trying to play matchmaker with them.”</p>

      <p>“Th-Then in that case, we need to be faster... Quickly, Teach! Please help me learn more magic!”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. No hesitation, huh? Acquiring even higher-level magic will adversely affect your health. Are you okay with that?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, of course.”</p>

      <p>“All right, then let’s move this elsewhere.”</p>

      <p>We finished our meals and moved to an unoccupied stretch of land, specifically a grassy field far from town. Vart had a lot of untapped land. In a place like this, we wouldn’t be noticed by anybody else.</p>

      <p>Ms. Alty’s expression turned serious. “Now then, from what I can see,” she started, her voice piercing, “you keep biting off more than you can chew, over and over again. You’re firing spells in battle in rapid succession. That, plus the magic training you’ve been doing on your own, has wrecked your body.”</p>

      <p>Her tone wasn’t critical. She was more just confirming that was the case. A mage of Ms. Alty’s caliber could probably see all that at a glance.</p>

      <p>I nodded. “Yes ma’am...”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. I guess I saw that coming, or I don’t know. I have to say, you’re really just like me.”</p>

      <p>“Just like you?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, we’re peas in a pod. Which is why I know your current symptoms well too.”</p>

      <p>“Symptoms?” I said, startled. “Am I suffering from some sort of disease?”</p>

      <p>If I was contagious, I wouldn’t be able to live with Master anymore.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s not a disease. I told you, didn’t I? If you run your mind ragged through magic, you have to pay a corresponding price. And your psyche’s more damaged than you realize.”</p>

      <p>“It is?” It really didn’t feel like I was damaged.</p>

      <p>“In my case, I overused magic to the point of memory impairment. Hearing that, I bet that’s ringing a bell for you. If there’s something you can’t remember, I want you to tell me sooner rather than later.”</p>

      <p>Memory impairment? I had none...or at least, I didn’t think so.</p>

      <p>“Err, no, ma’am, no memory impairment at the moment...”</p>

      <p>“Sometimes, making use of high-level fire magic burns old memories away before the caster even knows it. And since you’re always using magic that’s above your weight, you run that risk at all times.”</p>

      <p>“It burns away old memories?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, it burns away your past and inflames your present. That’s the quintessence of fire magic. The incantations that I taught you contain expressions to that effect.”</p>

      <p>If you asked me, memories faded eventually anyway. I didn’t shy away from burning them. I had steeled myself for that much from the moment I’d heard about overworking the mind through spellcasting.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind. If it’s for the sake of obtaining power, I don’t need a past!”</p>

      <p>Ms. Alty smiled sorrowfully once again. “Heh heh. I figured as much. You’re that way too, huh, Mar-Mar?”</p>

      <p>Still smiling, she slit her wrist just like last time. I understood what she wanted, lowering my lips to her wrist and licking off her blood.</p>

      <p>That day, I learned not just about magic but also about the way that incantations were structured. The link between incantations and magic was deep. The words one recited altered the effects of a spell. The general public thought that using magic invariably expended MP, but Ms. Alty, being as well-versed in magic as she was, taught me a different method—a way to shoot spells without MP. Incantations that made my memories the price to pay. Incantations that made my emotions the price to pay. Incantations that made my life the price to pay. I learned a whole host of them. If I could use them skillfully, I could cast spells continuously without running out of steam. My understanding of magic deepened, and I could sense that I was growing stronger. I could also sense, however, that whenever I was incanting, something precious was flaking away from my heart. Ms. Alty was teaching me with the foreknowledge that this would happen, and I had braced myself for it. I would rather die than be separated from Master.</p>

      <p><em>I’d rather die. Yes, I...</em></p>

      <p>A passion filled my head, and I grew dizzy. Before I knew it, the volume of my thoughts had ratcheted up. The incantation that made emotions the price to pay had to be padding them out, so to speak. The price didn’t necessarily mean I lost what was paid. It could also amplify it.</p>

      <p>At the realization that my very being was being altered by my magic, I got the chills. But I didn’t care. Losing my feelings was bad, but my feelings being magnified was something I welcomed. Ms. Alty had expressly picked out that kind of incantation to teach me. She was rooting for my crush with all her might. That was the purpose of the incantation, of the price. So I continued studying magic without any unease.</p>

      <p>The stronger I grew, the more passionate I became. This fever pitch caused the emotions rattling in my body to seethe and boil. My emotions turned into a viscous syrupy thing, and in the end...</p>

      <p>“Let’s call it quits for today.”</p>

      <p>I felt like I had blinked one second, and the next, I saw her looking down at me. At some point while I was practicing, I’d crumpled to the ground.</p>

      <p>I got back to my feet, wiping the sweat from my brow. “I, I can still train—”</p>

      <p>“I know. But Sieg’s gonna be home soon. We need to go greet him.”</p>

      <p>Evidently, Ms. Alty had a grasp of Master’s movements, probably due to the magic that allowed her to use flames as an extension of her senses.</p>

      <p>“Okay,” I said, after a pause. “Thank you very much for today’s training.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s okay, I don’t need thanks. This is all for my own sake too.”</p>

      <p>“For your sake?”</p>

      <p>“I wasn’t able to get there, but if you can, it’ll make me feel better. Yep, I’ll feel better after... That’s the reason I’m making use of you, Mar-Mar.”</p>

      <p>Something about it all seemed like self-flagellation to me. I didn’t want her, someone to whom I was so indebted, to look so sad, so I tried cheering her up.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know you very well, Ms. Alty. I don’t know your circumstances. But I don’t think that’s a bad thing. I think that normally, if somebody who never managed to achieve their goal saw somebody else trying to do the same, they’d hamper them out of spite. The fact that you’re supporting me instead makes you such a fantastic person.”</p>

      <p>I laid it all out, clear as day. She and Ms. Lastiara were beautiful human beings, and I was base and dirty. <em>That’s right. I’m the only one with such an unclean soul...</em></p>

      <p>She grinned. “Heh heh. Thank you, Mar-Mar,” she said, staring into the distance.</p>

      <p>I could tell that a confluence of emotions was rattling in her heart. And not even my perspicacious eyes could ascertain the full story. It seemed her emotions were nigh fathomless and wound together in a complicated knot.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Alty?” I prompted her, the complexity of her emotions disorienting me.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Mar-Mar. I mean it. Now then, I’ll be going.”</p>

      <p>She burned the clothes she was wearing and turned into pure fire before vanishing abruptly. A vague melancholy hung in the air, like a dying candle flame. Unable to fully read her emotions filled me with mixed feelings of my own. But so as to make the most of the knowledge that Master was due home, I headed back without delay. I had to be there earlier than him so I could prepare his meal. Cooking was my only purpose at that moment, the kitchen the only nook for me in this world.</p>

      <p>As usual, he returned while I was getting his food ready. Yet he was behaving oddly, like he’d rewound the clock. The mood in the air was the same as when we had first met. His expression was exactly the same as when he’d spotted me in the slave market. His face was that of a lost little kid roaming about alone. I could tell that something was beginning to crumble.</p>

      <p>Worried, I trotted over to him. “What’s the matter, Master?”</p>

      <p>He chose his words carefully as he murmured a reply, his eyes wandering. “Well, it’s just...the day after tomorrow... Lastiara...she...”</p>

      <p>“The day after tomorrow? What about it? Is Ms. Lastiara doing something?”</p>

      <p>“On the Day of the Blessed Birth...”</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>It seemed Master was unnerved by something to do with Ms. Lastiara. The horror of that fact chilled my heart, but I suppressed the feeling so that he didn’t catch on, and I waited for him to continue.</p>

      <p>After much hesitation, he choked out his next words. “She said, ‘Let’s hang out again on the Day of the Blessed Birth.’”</p>

      <p><em>He’s lying to me?</em></p>

      <p>My eyes told me he was. Master had just decided that he didn’t need to explain it to me. I could feel my seething heart spin into an out-and-out tempest.</p>

      <p>“Yes. That’s fine; of course.”</p>

      <p>I knew I’d been lied to. I could also tell that, unlike always, this was not a lie he was telling with my well-being in mind. Yet, I nodded, docile. He looked so utterly worn out that I couldn’t say anything beyond that.</p>

      <p>Master walked slowly to his room, and I glared as I watched him go, muttering to myself, “So in other words, I’m so unworthy you won’t even air your concerns to me.”</p>

      <p>I could feel it. I could feel the sensation of being left behind, which I was always feeling already, intensify. At that moment, he was preoccupied with Ms. Lastiara. I wasn’t on his mind at all. It was glaringly obvious. I didn’t need to verify that it was true.</p>

      <p>My hands balled into fists, and I went back to the kitchen. I strengthened the flame using fire magic and quickly brought the cooking to a close. I stored the food for later, knowing he wasn’t coming back to the living room, and then went outside by myself. From the unoccupied hilltop, I walked and walked towards where there were even fewer people in the vicinity. Then, after confirming there was no one around, I got to training.</p>

      <p>Violent, wild flames danced in the air, as though reflecting the state of my heart. In order to amplify them, I incanted over and over and over and over again. Telling myself I couldn’t waste too much of Ms. Alty’s time, I incanted the words she had taught me many, many times over. And the more I did, the more power gushed forth. Above all, it felt nice to vomit out my emotions like this.</p>

      <p>My body was screaming. My heart was breaking down. And it felt so, so good.</p>

      <p>My control over the fire was improving with frightening speed. The speed of the incantations was also steadily increasing, and soon enough, I didn’t even need to say the name of the spell to cast it. This had to be the silent casting that Ms. Alty had told me about. She’d said it would take years to learn, but it turned out that wasn’t the case. If you learned the trick to it, it was easy.</p>

      <p>I gave birth to more fire without incanting, and I manipulated it with meager amounts of magic energy. How could I use fire magic when I possessed so little MP? That was the hurdle I had to vault over, but one could say I’d come quite close to putting a bow on that conundrum. I knew the way to compensate for my lack of MP. I just had to use my pointless, stupid emotions and my poor excuse for a body as fuel. If I sacrificed my memories and recollections, as Ms. Alty had, I could cast and hone as much of my magic as I liked.</p>

      <p>I made multiple <em>Midgard Blaze</em> fire serpents dance in the air, and I controlled every inch of them. And I checked that, indeed, very little of the magic energy in my body had been used in the process. I cracked a smile—I was working the grandest magic with the lowest energy expenditure.</p>

      <p>With that, I dispelled the serpents. I was strong now. It was nigh tangible. And that spurred me to train even more. If I just gained more power...</p>

      <p>If I gained more power, what happened today wouldn’t happen again. If I stopped being so weak... If I stopped being so useless... If I stopped being so unfit for him to even so much as bounce his troubles off me...then Master would never lie to me again. I could start walking alongside him, just like Ms. Lastiara. And for that end goal, there was nothing I wouldn’t sacrifice. Memory impairment was a minuscule price to pay. The present was what was important, not the past.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t pine for a hometown that’s gone. Forget all about ____. ____’s gone too.</em></p>

      <p>As long as all that was left was my flame magic and my feelings for Master, that was all I needed. Those two things were all I required to lead a happy life. They were all that was important. And it would only take a little longer for me to unlock that happy life.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. Heh heh heh heh heh!”</p>

      <p>I could hardly handle how fun practicing magic was. I could tell that I had acquired so much power that I was a fair match for even Ms. Lastiara now. I could face off against a whirlwind of violence like her without fear.</p>

      <p><em>Just a little more. Just a little longer... And it won’t be Ms. Lastiara beside him. It’ll be me!</em></p>

      <p>“Huh?” I wasn’t smiling or laughing anymore. I was shocked and aghast at myself. At the beyond-pitch-black emotions swirling in my soul. I shook my head. “No, that’s... Ms. Lastiara is a good person...”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t as though I wanted to drag her down. That wasn’t what this was about. Sure, the girl had an offbeat frame of mind, but she wasn’t a bad person. If anything, she was an actively good person who was helping me out. Yet here I was, catching myself wishing her out of the picture entirely.</p>

      <p>I put out all of my fire spells and shook my head repeatedly, the night winds chilling my head. I’d paid the price for my spells too much, and it seemed my head was boiling from the inside. That was to blame for me thinking all these strange thoughts.</p>

      <p><em>There’s still time to train, but let’s go rest instead.</em> Light-headed and staggering, I went back home and flopped onto my bed. As I stared at the ceiling, I recalled my dark thoughts from before. Now that I was resting, that wicked emotion didn’t well up in the slightest. I was tempted to chalk it up to the magic, but Ms. Alty had never said that using magic would engender such dark emotions. I figured the true cause lay within me. In all likelihood, it was an ugly emotion that had been lurking in my deepest recesses and had simply bubbled up to the fore due to some trigger.</p>

      <p>I closed my eyes tight to escape the disgraceful thoughts inside me. I fell asleep with the belief that come the next day, I’d be back to my normal self.</p>

      <p>Thanks to the day’s training, my control over fire magic had reached the point of perfection, and I’d solved the magic energy problem too.</p>

      <p><em>Starting tomorrow, I’ll get them to let me dive with them again. Then it’ll be back to normal.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’ll be back by Master’s side.</em></p>

      <p><em>If I show him my power in the Dungeon, he’ll never see fit to lie to me again.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’ll finally be able to see Master as his true self!</em></p>

      <p>As I juggled those dreams in my head, I let go of the waking world...</p>

      <p>Only to be betrayed the next morning. And to think, I’d thought that from today, it would all go back to normal. But I happened to overhear Master and Ms. Lastiara chatting.</p>

      <p><em>“If so—if that’s how you feel, then will you come save me? Will you do as Hine said and go on a journey with me someplace far away, just the two of us?”</em></p>

      <p>It was like a scene out of a romance narrative. All I could do was give a crooked smile. Ms. Lastiara was pleading with Master, as beautiful and tragic as any storybook heroine. How underhanded. How utterly underhanded. How sneaky. How craven.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Lastiara...” I let slip in the hallway. “Didn’t you say you were going to watch from the sidelines?! Why are you...”</p>

      <p>That was what she had told me when it was just the two of us alone together. She had said she would root for my crush. And yet the reality unfurling before my eyes was a merciless gut punch. There was no mistaking it—Master currently saw her as the heroine of his story...and me as a bit player.</p>

      <p>There was the world with Master and Ms. Lastiara and it, and then there was my world. I leaned against the door that cut our two worlds apart, a single tear streaking down my cheek. That tear turned to fire and disappeared before it could hit the ground. Black did it burn, and black did it blaze, before vanishing.</p>

      <p>But in the end, Master wasn’t able to give her a solid answer. Unable to fully grasp her unstable soul, he effectively ran away instead of replying to her supplication. That outcome gave my heart an ounce of relief. But I reckoned I couldn’t afford to bask in that small comfort; I steeled my resolve and opened the door.</p>

      <p>There he was, with an expression like it was the end of days.</p>

      <p>“Maria, were you listening?”</p>

      <p>“Yes,” I replied, seeing no need to lie. “So, err, does that mean Miss Lastiara...”</p>

      <p>“She left. Just as you heard.” Master pointed feebly at the window.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure you’re okay with this, Master?”</p>

      <p>“The problem’s just too big... At least, as I am right now, I can’t drift away from the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>When I heard how resigned he was, it soothed my stormy heart. I didn’t let that show on the outside, of course.</p>

      <p>“So when the new version of her, Miss Tiara, comes along, are you going to think of her as Miss Lastiara and continue Dungeon diving with her?”</p>

      <p>“She won’t be Lastiara at all. She’ll be someone else in her skin. Of course I can’t just go on like before.”</p>

      <p>My heart went from soothed to outright delighted. I endeavored to lock my expression such that Master didn’t take note of my shameful glee.</p>

      <p>“At the very least, there’s no way I could think of her as my comrade.”</p>

      <p>But when I learned that Ms. Lastiara would no longer be with us, my mirth shot past my ability to curb it.</p>

      <p>“I see. I’m happy to hear that. Truly.” The sense of relief in my heart was spilling over, morphing into open callousness.</p>

      <p>“You’re... You’re <em>happy</em>?” Master gave me a puzzled look.</p>

      <p>At first, I thought I’d slipped up, but I concluded that actually, this was a good opportunity. Now that Ms. Lastiara had left us alone and Master was at his weakest, perhaps I could lure out the words I wanted to hear from him. This was my golden chance to lay some firm bedrock. Inferring opportunities was the specialty of me and my eyes, and my eyes were telling me that now was the time to strike. Ms. Lastiara had done something similar herself. So it stood to reason that I too...</p>

      <p>“I mean, I thought you maybe <em>liked</em> Miss Lastiara or something, Master.”</p>

      <p>His eyes snapped wide open. It seemed his mind was having trouble keeping up with my sudden remark. Thanks to my eyes, I could sense his fluster quite distinctly. And, with his mental state so jumbled up, there was only one thing he was bound to say in response. Having been unable to stop Ms. Lastiara, he would never in a million years say that he did, in fact, like her that way, even if he did. It wasn’t that he chose not to. His personality was too logic-based—he <em>couldn’t</em>.</p>

      <p>His thought process was as follows: if he did like her that way, he’d never sit back and do nothing after she asked him to save her. The reason he ignored her pleas was because he didn’t like her. Master was the type to be thinking that way. As though he acted logically.</p>

      <p>If I got him to say out loud that he didn’t like her, even once, then it would <em>become</em> the truth. This was Master we were talking about. He was very good at fooling himself. He’d believe his own words and give up on the whole affair. I knew that for a fact.</p>

      <p>If I knew my Master, and I did, he’d give in before the might of a whole nation. There was no doubt in my mind that he’d be risk-averse and select the passive option. And since I understood that, I continued.</p>

      <p>“Well, yeah. Miss Lastiara had her odd qualities. But you’ve seen how pretty she is, plus she was so strong and cheery. And she likes mischief, but at her core, she’s always thinking about her companions... And she’s a dreamer, but ideal as a Dungeon diver... She’s a lot like you, so you got along well.”</p>

      <p>I watched as his face contorted. But that was a necessary evil. It had to be done for the sake of the separation to come. I was asking these questions for his sake as well.</p>

      <p>“So I’d been under the impression you maybe liked her. But you don’t actually, right, Master? You don’t like her, right?”</p>

      <p>He was speechless, but the gears in his head were whirring a mile a minute. He called to mind the past and the present, frantically searching for the right reply.</p>

      <p><em>Answer me, Master. Please. Go on. Quickly now. Say you don’t like her. Muffle your emotions with your “logic,” just like you always do. C’mon. Do it. Let’s hear it. Tell me you don’t like h—</em></p>

      <p>“Huh? Ha, ha ha, ha ha. Ha ha ha ha... Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>He laughed. And at that very moment, for a fleeting instant, the colors I saw turned negative and my world warped itself.</p>

      <p>His expression turned into that of a man possessed, laughing vigorously and without reservation. He kept cackling, and what’s more, he seemed to be angry even as he laughed.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I felt a sharp stinging in my eyes. I pressed my hands to them, bewildered. They hadn’t predicted a reaction like this. I had no earthly clue why he was laughing, or why he was incensed. I was watching him with the eyes I had such faith in, but I was totally lost. Granted, he was someone who had always been difficult to grasp through my eyes. But never to <em>this</em> extent...</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s the matter, Master?” I asked timidly.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha... It’s nothing; it’s just a little funny... You’re right, Maria. I don’t like Lastiara. And you can take that to the bank.”</p>

      <p>“H-Huh? Is... Is that right?”</p>

      <p>Those were the words I’d wanted to hear. But he’d said he didn’t like her so flatly and readily that it actually made me more uneasy, not less. The way I had imagined it, he was supposed to answer in a more forced way, like he’d done forty compromises in his head first. But all I could see was a reinvigorated smile.</p>

      <p>“But never mind that. You said something interesting just now. About how Lastiara and I are similar,” he said cheerily, paying my discomposure no heed.</p>

      <p>I had no other response; I had to be straightforward. I was too flustered to word things more subtly. “Right, yes, I uhh, I don’t know how to put it exactly, but your cores are similar. From where I’m standing, you’re <em>both</em> flawless, like you were created that way.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha!” Upon hearing my honest reply, he laughed again. This time, it was a cold sort of laugh. “I see. So we’re similar at heart, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know why he was laughing. Sure, his personality was a handful, and he was hard to understand in general. He was indecisive, his values and ways of thinking were unique to him, and your average Joe would naturally fail to comprehend where he was at. But even in light of that, this was abnormal. Up until that point, I could still use my eyes to understand him at least a little bit. But now I had no idea what to expect. It was like he’d become a different person altogether.</p>

      <p>While I was standing there in a state of dismay, Master zipped into motion. “Maria, I’m going out for a while. I’ll be back by noon.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? Master, where are you—”</p>

      <p>By the time I tried to stop him, he was already leaving. With a stride full of conviction, he exited through the window like Ms. Lastiara did. I could do naught but watch. My brain was trailing behind, and I couldn’t take a single step. My outstretched arm slowly fell, and I sat in one of the living room chairs.</p>

      <p>“What the heck is going on?”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t accept the fact that I couldn’t fathom Master’s feelings, and my whole body was shaking. He was someone whose feelings were utterly lost on me—someone I loved, at that. I never thought it would be this disheartening or terrifying. In my whole life, it had never happened to me before. I boasted an advantage that other people didn’t: the Perception skill. Thanks to that, this had never happened to me. Even with Master, who was good at deceiving himself, and with Ms. Lastiara (her being her), there was never a moment where I had absolutely no inkling whatsoever of what was going through their minds. Until now.</p>

      <p>“Could it be? Not again... Did these eyes doom me <em>again</em>?”</p>

      <p>An old memory resurfaced. Images of the village, of ____, burning thanks to the conclusion I had come to via Perception.</p>

      <p><em>Wait. ___? Huh? What the... What’s ___? The word won’t come out? Is it that I can’t remember? What was it I lost again?</em></p>

      <p>“All, all right, calm down. First things first, just calm down...”</p>

      <p>I tried regaining my composure through my tried-and-true method. Back in the village, and during the war, and after I had become a slave, not one good thing had ever come from losing my presence of mind. I took deep breaths and took the time to sort through my muddled thoughts. This was the first time I was completely stumped as to what Master was thinking. But in a way, wasn’t that what interpersonal relationships always entailed? It would be ridiculous to count on understanding everything all of the time.</p>

      <p>Indeed. This skill of mine was what was truly odd. But I put aside my rage against my eyes for the time being. What was important right now was being calm. Priority number one was predicting his next actions.</p>

      <p>He had indeed said he didn’t like Ms. Lastiara in <em>that</em> way. But that was the point where it had all started going amiss. He was clearly laughing at something in particular and was angered by that something as well. I just didn’t know what it was. I did know that something wasn’t me or he himself.</p>

      <p>Calmly, I assembled all the puzzle pieces, the information I had gathered thus far. I had to take a wider vantage point, considering not just how Master and Ms. Lastiara had acted that day, but everything else too. I searched for the primary factor, and then it dawned on me. I recalled what Ms. Alty had told me.</p>

      <p>“They’re not about to change. It’s just that the people around them don’t approve of that.”</p>

      <p>I figured that might have been what had given rise to this situation. Nothing else sprang to mind. To sum it up, Master had been changed by outside hands. And the only outside force that I could think of was the knights of Whoseyards. If they used the most cutting-edge drugs or magic tools on offer in a large nation like Whoseyards, it might not be out of the question. Maybe he was forced to change through some nefarious means, and he had just realized that, started laughing and fuming at his own gutlessness, and then left to save Ms. Lastiara? The chances of it were high. In fact, if that wasn’t the case, then why would he go out like that, right then and there? The only reason he could have had for leaving me alone in that moment was to go save Ms. Lastiara. If he’d gone to the Dungeon, he would’ve used his magic door instead.</p>

      <p>Which led me to my ultimate inference. <em>Master left me behind, telling me nothing, to go where Ms. Lastiara was?</em></p>

      <p>“N-No, not that. Anything but that...”</p>

      <p>The answer I had come to left my body shaking from head to toe. The situation was too similar to when I had made that blunder back in my hometown. It was that horrible incident all over again. Once more, I was going to lose everything that was important to me.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t handle it. I ran outside and tried to dash towards Whoseyards. But a man was standing in the middle of the path, and I stopped in my tracks.</p>

      <p>This was my third encounter with him. I had met him at the slave market, and then again at the pub with Ms. Alty.</p>

      <p>My Perception skill was sounding alarm bells, screaming that the tall man with the sharp features before me was a threat. The corners of his mouth curled as he approached me.</p>

      <p>“So, we meet again.”</p>

      <p>That smile was still pasted onto his face, as ever.</p>

      <p>“I’m in a hurry. Please step aside.” I figured I shouldn’t get near this guy, so I was blunt. Not that he cared.</p>

      <p>“I reckon it’s about time. I came to see how you’re doing.”</p>

      <p>“About time?”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know what he was saying. All I knew was that whatever it was, it wasn’t on the level. I decided not to give him the time of day and attempted to go around him. But his next words stopped me in my tracks.</p>

      <p>“Aren’t there some things you’d like to ask a Whoseyards man? I may look like this, but I’m a real eminent sir knight of Whoseyards, I’ll have ya know. I’ve got deep ties with milady Lastiara and with ol’ Sieg. If you want, you can ask me for advice.”</p>

      <p>“Wait...you’re a knight of Whoseyards?”</p>

      <p>If he was, then that made him one of the people I suspected of leading Master astray.</p>

      <p>“Yep, in the flesh.”</p>

      <p>I could feel the blood rush to my head. My emotions, which had had no outlet, now found a target in a knight of Whoseyards and came flowing to the fore.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What did you people do to Master?! He’s been acting so strangely! He’s acting stranger and stranger because he’s been consorting with you Whoseyards people!!!” I shrieked.</p>

      <p>But the man remained unruffled, replying coolly, “We did do something, but only to our lady, Lastiara. We didn’t do anything to Sieg.”</p>

      <p>“You lie! I know that you people are trying to use him! That’s why you cast a spell on him, right? You’re trying to control him!”</p>

      <p>“Nope, didn’t cast any spells on him. And you of all people should be able to tell I’m not lying,” he said, pointing to his own eyes.</p>

      <p>It seemed that through his own skill, which was similar to mine, he’d detected my having Perception. And he was telling me to use my eyes to verify his claims. But I’d already determined their veracity. I knew full well that he wasn’t lying. Even so, I no longer knew what I could have faith in. I bit my lip.</p>

      <p>“If that’s so, why is Master in such a state?!”</p>

      <p>“I haven’t seen what state you’re referring to, so I can’t say, but there is something I do know.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Please tell me.”</p>

      <p>“I know that at the end of the day, for one reason or another, Sieg can’t abandon anyone,” he answered readily. “He may suffer, he may swing back and forth, he may make loads of mistakes, but in the end, he can’t forsake anyone he’s emotionally connected to. That’s just the sort of guy Siegfried Vizzita is.”</p>

      <p>Master was kind, so he had gone to save her. This man was stating definitively that that was all there was to it. I didn’t want to acknowledge it. Maybe because I wanted to hog his kindness for myself. Maybe for some other reason.</p>

      <p>“That may be so. He certainly has that quality. But even more so than being kind, he’s cowardly, indecisive, and pitiful! He’d never normally risk trying to save her!”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure you’re right. It’s just as you say. I’m fully aware of that too.” The man didn’t deny it. He continued to agree with my remarks. “He’s a coward, so he fears the Dungeon. He’s indecisive, which ends up wounding his comrades, and he doesn’t say what he wants to say. But the boy’s only strong point is Dungeon diving. That’s just how Sieg is. He was worse in the beginning. There’s no way he’s got the guts to save someone if it means antagonizing an entire nation.”</p>

      <p>“Right? So—” I tried to use the words of the man who was agreeing with me to push forward my own opinion, but I was interrupted by his nasty smile.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha. <em>So</em>, I daresay Sieg is striving to change as a person. He’s doing his best to get stronger so he can bring about a better outcome, don’t ya think?”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t say no. I wasn’t in any way confident that he was mistaken. What if, hypothetically, he was spot on? If Master became even stronger, he’d go to some far-off heights with Ms. Lastiara. Heights I could never reach. All I’d done was learn a little fire magic. Him leaving me behind was a foregone conclusion.</p>

      <p><em>Hold on...no. Maybe he’s </em>already<em> left me behind?</em></p>

      <p>I was alone in the house, after all. I was the only one left.</p>

      <p>“Th-That can’t... I don’t know about something like that. I’ve never seen anything like that...”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure. That’s the limit you hit when you rely on eye skills too much, little lady. You never actually understood the first thing about Sieg.”</p>

      <p>Master was trying to change? I hadn’t noticed because I was relying too much on Perception? I’d made yet another mistake thanks to my eyes? Master’s heart had turned stronger before I knew it, and he’d actively gained the will to fight against the colossal barrier called Whoseyards? That was why he had gotten angry with Whoseyards and was trying to save Ms. Lastiara?</p>

      <p>“Now then, little lady, there’s no time left. Come tomorrow, Sieg’s likely gonna run off to rescue milady. And since he’ll have grown stronger, he’ll probably do a bang-up job and <em>succeed</em>.”</p>

      <p><em>Arghh... He’ll actually save her; I just know it.</em></p>

      <p>Master was strong. His heart was that of a boy, but if we were talking just his abilities, he was like an old veteran hero. I was sure he would save her in dramatic fashion and then advance even further.</p>

      <p>“If that happens, the hero Sieg and the heroine Lastiara will be united through a predestined bond. It’ll tie their knot, if you catch my meaning.”</p>

      <p>As the hero and heroine of the story, the two whose “knot” was tied would go on to the next stage. And would I be there? Me? A minor role in a previous chapter? Would I have my turn on that next stage?</p>

      <p>No. Almost certainly not. A character without a role to play was only going to get written out.</p>

      <p>“Ahh, but you know, you don’t have anything, little lady. You and Sieg can’t understand one another, you don’t have any connection to speak of, and you don’t have the strength to follow in his wake.”</p>

      <p>He was right. I had nothing. I lacked Ms. Lastiara’s perfection. I had no beauty. My personality sucked. I wasn’t from a respectable family, and my past wasn’t special enough to involve nations. I had no talent, no power. And since I had nothing, there was no way I could stand beside Master. He would leave me in the dust.</p>

      <p>“All you have left is the unilaterally secured agreement regarding your master-servant relationship. An agreement that we can’t even be sure Sieg is aware of.”</p>

      <p>He didn’t have to tell me. I already knew. It was precisely because I knew it that I desired an alternate bond. I wanted strength. I’d sacrifice whatever it took in order to obtain that which Master wanted more than anything.</p>

      <p>“It... It’s...” I said in between short gasps. “It’s still okay. If I just get strong, strong <em>magic</em>...”</p>

      <p>I pointed out the potential that I possessed so that I didn’t get squashed flat by those words. Yet the man continued without mercy.</p>

      <p>“You think mages who are more capable than you won’t show up in the future?”</p>

      <p>He was trying to crush my hope, delightedly thrusting reality in my face. And I couldn’t deny it. The more time passed, the more people Master would become acquainted with. There was no guarantee that a mage who surpassed me wouldn’t appear. And if that happened, I...</p>

      <p>“But hold on! Master told me I could stay here! He said I could cook his meals for him here, and that’s enough!”</p>

      <p>“You get it, don’t you? That’s him pitying you. He said that out of sympathy, don’t you see? Food isn’t important to him. He himself is good at cooking, and there are plenty of people to replace you.”</p>

      <p>I knew that. I knew that task had been given to me out of consideration for my feelings. He didn’t actually need my cooking.</p>

      <p>My heart was shedding tears. I could hear it moaning, weeping.</p>

      <p>“But... But Master didn’t say he would go! He hasn’t yet! He hasn’t breathed a word that he’d go to where she is!” I didn’t want to look reality in the face. I was hanging on to that slender ray of hope.</p>

      <p>“Are your glasses truly that rose-tinted?”</p>

      <p>“I haven’t heard a word about it from him! Master hasn’t gone to whatever stupid place Ms. Lastiara is! Starting tomorrow, we’ll be alone together again! We’ll progress through the Dungeon, just the two of us, once again!”</p>

      <p>Upon seeing me stubbornly shake my head, the man shrugged in exasperation, turning his back to me as he left me some parting words. “You can believe that if you like. But you do realize that if luck’s not on your side, he may just leave you along with the whole house? Mull it over, little lady.”</p>

      <p>With that, the man left the scene. His words struck a chord. All this time, I’d been kept in the dark and out of the loop. And today, I’d been left alone in the house yet again. I was unable to keep up with them, and they’d left both me and the house in their wake. That was everything I needed to know.</p>

      <p>The fear from when I had fallen into slavery came roaring back.</p>

      <p>Once again, ____ left my side. And just like I’d lost ____, ____, and ____, I’d now lose Master too.</p>

      <p>That terror rocked me from head to toe, and I fell to my knees. My head was still swimming as I got to my feet, and I started walking dazedly like a ghost. I stalked the streets of Vart in search of Master, checking locations I thought he might have headed to. I scoured the pub, the churches, the shops vending Dungeon necessities. But he was nowhere to be found. And that could only mean he’d gone someplace that wasn’t Vart.</p>

      <p>I put one foot in front of the other, suppressing the urge to hurl. I just wanted to see him.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t stand being alone. I hate it. I can’t take it anymore.</em></p>

      <p>That was running on repeat in my head when I bumped into a familiar face. I was walking down the street when a red-haired girl appeared out of nowhere with a shimmer of hot air.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Alty!”</p>

      <p>Having found a confidante I could depend on, I approached her, tears in my eyes. She greeted me with her own affectionate, benevolent eyes.</p>

      <p>“Mar-Mar, you okay?”</p>

      <p>“Ms. Alty! At this rate, Master... Master’s gonna...”</p>

      <p>“I know, Mar-Mar. Calm down. It’s gonna be okay, so calm down.” She held my head and caressed me. With each stroke, I grew a little calmer.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Alty...I think Master and Ms. Lastiara are gonna run off someplace without me. And then, and then, I...”</p>

      <p>“You’re still good, Mar-Mar. I met with Sieg a moment ago.”</p>

      <p>“You met with Master?”</p>

      <p>I felt a modicum of relief hearing someone I trusted mention the one I loved by name.</p>

      <p>“He hasn’t gone anywhere yet. He’s gonna be home in no time.”</p>

      <p>That sliver of relief ballooned inside my heart. Those words—“he’s gonna be home”—returned a smidgen of my composure.</p>

      <p>“But from what I’ve seen, I don’t know if Sieg’s gonna go save her or not. Sorry. Probably can’t know until tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>“Tomorrow, you say?”</p>

      <p>A sense of discomfort. The sensation I felt whenever Perception came across some contradiction or inconsistency. But I didn’t want to distrust my confidante, so I didn’t press. Besides, at this stage, I’d totally stopped trusting in my eyes. The only person I could trust was the one who had gone out of her way to help me thus far.</p>

      <p>“Yep. If he’s gonna save her, it’ll have to be early tomorrow morning. Which is why you’ve gotta be by his side tomorrow morning no matter what, Mar-Mar. Then you can check and see. See everything, that is,” she said earnestly.</p>

      <p>Ms. Alty was telling me of a way to comprehend Master’s feelings. She was always doing her utmost for my sake. I didn’t have it in me to doubt her spirit.</p>

      <p>“Okay...so it’s tomorrow...”</p>

      <p>“Yep, do that tomorrow. Everything happens after that. Now then, let’s go back a sec.”</p>

      <p>She and I returned to the house. Then she left, but not before promising to meet me the next day. She said she had a lot on her plate that day, so I couldn’t stop her from leaving.</p>

      <p>Holding on to the hope that Ms. Alty had given me, I waited for Master in the otherwise unoccupied house. The Whoseyards knight had pompously crowed that Master would save Ms. Lastiara, but it wasn’t set in stone. Ms. Alty had said it wasn’t a foregone conclusion, which meant that without a doubt, there was hope left.</p>

      <p>As I brooded, I stayed home, practicing my magic and cooking. During that time, Master returned.</p>

      <p><em>He came home! Just like Ms. Alty said: he came home! </em>I received him with a smile. <em>I knew it. It was all in my head. It’s obvious we’re gonna go back to our life with just the two of us now.</em></p>

      <p>Certain of that, I greeted Master. We ate together and talked a little too. Nothing felt odd or off. The topic of Ms. Lastiara never came up. Perhaps out of fear, I unconsciously never mentioned it.</p>

      <p>After our meal, he went right to his room. It was only later that night that something strange cropped up. Curious about how Master was, I noticed cold air leaking from the gap under the door when I passed by his room. I focused on the room’s interior to ascertain the cause.</p>

      <p>The flow of that magic energy rang a bell. It was the same as when I was practicing my fire magic. Master was practicing ice magic in his room. And he was trying to cook up spells at a level beyond anything he’d done before, to boot. As I’d been doing the same, I could tell.</p>

      <p>“Why’s he practicing magic <em>now</em>?”</p>

      <p>If it was for the Dungeon’s sake, I didn’t mind. In that case, he’d just use the magic to dive again and nothing more. But there was a chance that wasn’t the case. Would Master go to the Dungeon the next day or would he go to the cathedral? I couldn’t get it off my mind, and I couldn’t get a wink of sleep that night.</p>

      <p>Right next to the room where he was practicing ice magic, I continued practicing fire magic.</p>

      <p>“Burn, nixfire! At the mercy of threads and oneiric reeling—”</p>

      <p>Over and over and over and over again, I incanted. For some reason, it calmed me down. My emotions peeling off, overflowing, and toppling to one side felt so calming. I got a nagging feeling that something valuable and important was mutating. But even so, I couldn’t stop. If I didn’t keep at it, anxiety threatened to squash me flat.</p>

      <p>That was why I muttered, “Sprout, birthfire! Bleeding bonfire!”</p>

      <p>I continued to incant, like I was making a wish. I kept on incanting and waited for daybreak.</p>

      <p>“Don’t go.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t abandon me.”</p>

      <p>“I...”</p>

      <p>“I...”</p>

      <p>Through the brain fog, I incanted, and in so doing, I continually paid the trade-off it demanded.</p>

      <p>And yet, the next day, that wish...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Early morning of the Day of the Blessed Birth.</p>

      <p>Master had tried to slip out without giving me a shout first.</p>

      <p><em>In other words, it’s what I thought...</em></p>

      <p>“You are going after all...aren’t you...Master?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’m gonna come right back with Lastiara in tow, so could you wait here for me?” he replied, trying to smooth it over.</p>

      <p>I tried to intuit whether he was telling the truth, but it was totally lost on me. I didn’t know anything anymore. I understood nothing. Nothing. Not one thing. I understood nothing at all.</p>

      <p><em>Would</em> he come back? Was that much true?</p>

      <p>“After we return, we’re planning to flee to a different country. How about you—”</p>

      <p>At that, I recalled when Ms. Lastiara had asked him whether he was willing to travel to a far-off country with her. If I hadn’t stopped Master just now, he might have tried heading to a different land, just the two of them.</p>

      <p>Just the two of them, leaving me behind...</p>

      <p>“How about you come with us? We’ll run away, the three of us.”</p>

      <p>Did he mean to be with just her, or did he mean to be with both of us? I didn’t know. As such, I asked him what I did know about.</p>

      <p>“Run away? What about the house?”</p>

      <p>The way he was talking, it was like we would never return...even though Master had entrusted this house to me.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, I’m thinking we’ll have no choice but to abandon it. What a waste, I know...”</p>

      <p>This house was my dream. My dream of living a happy, modest life. And now that dream had been dashed against the wall, the shards changing into black fire.</p>

      <p>“No... No, I don’t want to.”</p>

      <p>Overnight, the recesses of my heart had filled up with the black fire. It quavered as it spilled out of my mouth.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Please don’t go, Master. I’m begging you; please don’t go!”</p>

      <p>“Maria...what’s gotten into you?”</p>

      <p>“If you go, I’ll never get through to you. You’ll leave me to rot.”</p>

      <p>“C-C’mon, Maria, calm down. I said we’d run away together, didn’t I? I promise I won’t leave you behind. How could I ever abandon you like that?”</p>

      <p>“Liar. Even if we run away, the three of us, I know I’m not really there in the end. It doesn’t matter if I’m there or not. And I can’t stomach that.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t believe his pleasant words. Master had lied to me. He’d tried to go save Ms. Lastiara without telling me.</p>

      <p><em>I like you, but... No, it’s </em>because<em> I like you that there’s no way I could believe you!</em></p>

      <p>“Why are you going to go save Miss Lastiara? I thought you didn’t like her or anything?”</p>

      <p>“Whaddya mean, why? She’s one of us, isn’t she? We need her to Dungeon dive going forward. I can’t afford to forsake her.”</p>

      <p><em>Stop.</em> <em>I don’t wanna hear about what’s to come. I wanna go back. I wanna go back to when it was just you and me!</em></p>

      <p>“Dungeon dive going forward? How long do you plan to dive?!”</p>

      <p>“C-Calm down, Maria, please!”</p>

      <p>“If you go, then I’m sure Miss Lastiara will be saved! And if that happens, it’ll be the same as before! I don’t wanna reach the stupid depths of the stupid Dungeon! Not going to the Dungeon won’t kill you, will it?! If you live a nice quiet life here at home, that’s all you need!” I shouted all of my self-centered opinions at him. The heat of the black fire burning in the pit of my stomach made my true feelings spill out from my mouth.</p>

      <p>“I can’t do that, Maria. I can’t stray from gunning for the depths of the Dungeon. I’m in the Dungeon Alliance for the sole reason of reaching the deepest level, so—”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, well, that’s just greedy! You don’t need to reach the depths! You can earn money nice and safe around Level 10 and live a normal, happy life! That’s what I want! And Miss Lastiara isn’t necessary for that, is she?!”</p>

      <p>Master grabbed me by the shoulders. “Listen, Maria, that is not what this is about! At this rate, Lastiara’s gonna <em>die</em>! That’s why I’ve gotta save her! Are you okay with Lastiara dying, Maria?!”</p>

      <p>I remembered how nice Ms. Lastiara was, rooting for my crush, and it snapped me back to my senses a little.</p>

      <p>“Miss Lastiara’s a good person. I don’t want her to die.”</p>

      <p>“See? So we need to go save her. She’s our comrade, after all.”</p>

      <p>For a moment, my muscles went slack. Ms. Lastiara had treated me nicely in the past. But when I remembered her words the day before, I tensed right back up.</p>

      <p><em>Yes, she is a friend. But yesterday, she tried to steal Master away from me. She tried to go beyond her “friend” station through devious means. Master and Ms. Lastiara, just “comrades”? How could I swallow that?!</em></p>

      <p>“Our comrade? That’s why? You’re putting your life on the line to go save her just because she’s our ‘comrade’?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, yeah.”</p>

      <p><em>A lie. Ahh, he lied again.</em></p>

      <p>It was bound to be a lie. What had happened the day before had happened because he wanted her to be more than a friend.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, right. Because she’s ‘our comrade.’ Lies. Who would risk their life just for <em>that</em>? That’s right. No one would. Listen, I <em>know</em>. I get it. You want to show her your good side, right?! You want to show off, but only to her, never to me, right?! Even though when <em>she</em> wasn’t in the picture, you’d try to look good for <em>me</em>!!!”</p>

      <p>The fact that he’d lied to me made the black fire inside me rage all the stronger. And now, the black fire was finally beginning to spill out from inside my body in the form of real fire. I wasn’t even actively casting a spell either. My body’s magic energy was being converted into fire. But I didn’t care about that, not one bit. I was convinced now: Master was a liar. He intended to keep everything to himself and leave me in the dust.</p>

      <p>That being the case, there was only one thing I could do. One single, solitary thing. I slowly approached him, creating a fire sword as I did.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>, spellcast: <em>Freeze</em>!” he shouted.</p>

      <p>His pesky cold magic attempted to negate my fire. I didn’t let it, though. This was the fire I needed to make him mine. These flames existed to sever the legs of the man who would otherwise abandon me.</p>

      <p>As he drew closer, I held the fire sword aloft and swung it in a wide arc. Through his abnormally high-level kinetic vision, he tried to dodge the blow by a hair and grab my hand. It was his ordinary response. And while my Perception skill wasn’t privy to his inner world, I <em>could</em> see such stale battle moves coming. I grabbed the hand that meant to grab me and burned it.</p>

      <p>“Yoww!”</p>

      <p>Master’s body stiffened in surprise and pain. I took advantage and brandished my fire sword once more, but that swing sliced vainly through the air.</p>

      <p>His magic energy swelled up. Our eyes met. It was only for a moment, but the look in his eyes meant business. His expression was the one he wore when fighting in the Dungeon. The moment my spine went icy, everything was decided. He grabbed me by the arms, pinned them behind me, and pressed me against the floor.</p>

      <p>“Maria, listen to me! Have you met that Palinchron guy recently?!”</p>

      <p>“P-Palinchron?”</p>

      <p>“The knight who won the bid for you at the slave auction! The guy with the watchful eyes who’s a bit taller than me and wears merchant clothes! That dodgy-looking dude!”</p>

      <p>“Never... Never mind about that!” A little thing like that didn’t matter to me. My priority right then was to seize hold of Master.</p>

      <p>“Maria, has someone cast some kind of spell on you?! Your confusion is crazy high!”</p>

      <p>“A spell? Confusion?!”</p>

      <p>That sounded like what had been done to <em>him</em>. He was the one who’d been brainwashed by magic, not me. But the cold wave of magic energy that I felt circulating from my back stopped me from replying to that effect. Just like when I blasted fire from my body, Master emitted sheer cold from his. That chilling magic dampened my fire, down to the black flames within my very heart. My body froze over, it was so cold. The cold sealed my fire, the source of my power, from the roots.</p>

      <p>“That’s it; easy does it... Breathe in, breathe out...”</p>

      <p>I could hear his voice close to my ear. I did as I was told and took deep breaths, soothing my heart. Gradually, little by little, I regained my presence of mind and the emotions that had dominated my body faded.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Wait, what?”</p>

      <p>“You okay, Maria? Nice and calm now?”</p>

      <p>The more I cooled down, the more I grasped the situation. There were scorch marks throughout the house, and Master was holding me down.</p>

      <p><em>I came at him with my fire sword? But...why?</em></p>

      <p>It wasn’t like I could beat him one-on-one. And it wasn’t like doing such a thing would make him like me. If anything, it would only turn him off of me. So why?!</p>

      <p>“I... I’m sorry! What have I done?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. I know you were saying stuff you don’t mean because of the Confusion.” He seemed exhausted as he left my side and his thoughts turned away from me to the world outside.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, no, not that. That’s not good.</em></p>

      <p>Now that my furor had subsided, I realized that I’d passed a point of no return. I’d vomited out all of the emotions I had kept hidden from him until then. It was baffling. Why had I done that? My mind grew blank, and I couldn’t do a thing besides apologize over and over.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Master. I’m sorry. I’m sorry.”</p>

      <p>I wanted him to forgive me. I didn’t want him to hate me. I didn’t want him to go. I wanted to be with him. A mishmash of thoughts blended together, and all I could do was keep on apologizing.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay, honest. You don’t have to apologize. Never mind that; are you hurt anywhere? From what I can see, your Confusion is way down, but...” he said, stroking my head.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’m back to normal now. I’m truly sorry...”</p>

      <p><em>Ahh.</em> His hand was cold. It felt good. But it was wrong to be happy. I couldn’t allow myself to indulge in this pleasure. I’d done what could not be undone, and I didn’t understand why it had gone that way. All I knew was that I had to apologize to him some more.</p>

      <p>“Maria, I’m gonna go get Lastiara back. I think it’ll all be over before you know it.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, understood. If that’s your decision, I will of course abide by it,” I replied without giving it much thought; I figured I shouldn’t incur his displeasure.</p>

      <p>“Until we’re home, wait for us here, if you would. We’ll be back in no time, promise.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, understood. I’ll wait for you here. For you both...”</p>

      <p>If I didn’t listen to what he said, he’d hate me. That thought alone swirled inside my brain. If he started hating me, I wouldn’t be able to be with him. And that was the one thing that was not on the table for me. If that happened, then I... I’d no longer...</p>

      <p>“See you later, Maria.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Yes, Master. See you later.”</p>

      <p>In truth, I hated the idea of letting him go. But I couldn’t stop him. I couldn’t afford to act any more disgracefully than I already had. I didn’t want him to go. I wanted him to stay with me a little longer. I didn’t want him to leave me. I wanted him to tell me what was going on. I wanted him to save me.</p>

      <p>I wanted him to save me.</p>

      <p>I wanted him to save me. I wanted him to save me. I wanted him to save me.</p>

      <p><em>Please, Master.</em></p>

      <p><em>Please don’t leave me behind...</em></p>

      <p>But my thoughts remained in my head. And Master went on his way without so much as a backward glance.</p>

      <p>He headed off to Whoseyards, off to Ms. Lastiara. Leaving me there...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Abandoned and alone, I sat in a dazed stupor. I’d gotten swept up in my emotions and gone on an absolute rampage. It was my first fit of rage in a long time. The last time my heart had been that riven was so far back that I couldn’t remember. The ugliest thoughts, the ones stuffed into the bottom of my heart, had started flowing out and the brakes weren’t working.</p>

      <p>It was a nightmare. It was like I had become something I wasn’t. I didn’t know why I’d attacked him. I had known that doing something like that wouldn’t solve anything. And yet, while I was in the grips of it, a terrifying thought had run through my head. That being: if I burned him with my fire—if I immobilized him—he would become mine and mine alone. I was seriously thinking that way.</p>

      <p><em>Deep down inside, am I really that disgusting a person?</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t even understand myself, let alone Master. I was sitting in the center of the living room, staring into space.</p>

      <p>“You okay, Mar-Mar?”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, someone was standing right by me. Ms. Alty was there like it was the most normal thing in the world.</p>

      <p>I clung to the one person I could trust. “Ah, aughh, Ms. Alty... I don’t know what’s what anymore. Please help... Please help me...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry. I’m here. I’m here for you, Mar-Mar,” she murmured softly, pulling me in close.</p>

      <p>“But...I tried to burn Master! I tried to burn him because I wanted to make him mine!”</p>

      <p>“I get it, Mar-Mar. I know that feeling well.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Wanting to monopolize your crush. Wanting to hold them back, by force if necessary. Wanting, if they won’t fall into your hands, to make them yours through fire. I understand. Those feelings are only natural.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t want her to go so far as to say it was natural. “Only natural? No, there’s no way something like this is natural. That’s not—”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t like I wanted her to console me. What I wanted was for her to tell me how and why this inexplicable situation had come about. Why had it turned out this way? What had happened to me? What was to blame, and who should I bear a grudge against? I just wanted to know. After all, I didn’t even know <em>what</em> was amiss. In fact...</p>

      <p>“It’s me who’s crazy! What other explanation is there?! I hate this! I don’t even know what’s wrong! Help me! Somebody, somebody save me!”</p>

      <p>I felt like I was losing my mind. Or maybe I was already insane. Which screws had come loose? I didn’t know. I couldn’t believe in anything. In the end, my eyes had served no use whatsoever. ____ had lied to me about that. Far from helping me, they’d <em>destroyed</em> what was dear to my heart. I had them to blame for being left with nothing.</p>

      <p>I screwed my eyes shut and put my forehead to the floor.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Mar-Mar,” came a voice from the distance.</p>

      <p>I didn’t have anything, so I didn’t understand anything. My consciousness was sinking, sinking into a sludgy world of black. I sank and sank and sank into the sludge until I hit the bottom with the kindling coals of black fire.</p>

      <p>“I wanted to end this in the way most amenable to you, if possible. We could have taken it more slowly. But that wasn’t cutting it. It just wasn’t cutting it. I’m really sorry. Honest.”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t alone, though. I had someone who would sink alongside me. Ms. Alty would be with me through thick and thin. That was the only thing I could believe in.</p>

      <p>“The timing was too good. Now I can’t restrain myself. Lastiara’s in no shape to move today. Today’s the only day that I can go one-on-one with Sieg, who’s on par with me—and I mean that in every way.”</p>

      <p>As we reassured ourselves of each other’s passion and intermingled, she and I fell towards the black coals.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, I can find security in Ms. Alty. She’s the only one who won’t leave me behind. I can be sure of that.</em></p>

      <p>“Today’s the only day that past me and Kanami, the wound-riddled hero, can start our lives alone together...”</p>

      <p>I finally understood. This was the affinity of which Ms. Alty was speaking. Our lives <em>were</em> similar. This was the true meaning of their being so overly similar. As a consequence, she and I had progressively assimilated. Our consciousnesses blended together, flames and more flames firing each other up.</p>

      <p>“My dearest wish, realized at last. My tragic love, requited today at last,” she murmured. And with that, she had declared the beginning of the end.</p>

      <p>It was then that I learned why Ms. Alty seemed so sad all the time. In the process of combining and melting into one, I learned of her life. And her life was a tale of an exceedingly fruitless love...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>And then, I torched it all.</p>

      <p><em>It’s burning. Ahh. The house I wanted to protect, in flames. Also in flames, all of the trammels that were tying me down. The ethics. The self-serving calculations. The consequences. I don’t need a single one, or anything else for that matter. So let’s turn them all into fuel.</em></p>

      <p>As I burned the world, Ms. Alty and I ran into each other, and we understood then what we ought to do from there on out. She was the same as me. That was why she treated me so warmly. She had earnestly taken me into consideration, as if I were her.</p>

      <p>“I’ll make your tragic love story not so tragic too, Ms. Alty.”</p>

      <p>Making an unrequited love not so unrequited. That and that alone was her wish in this world. And now, after all this time, it was my wish too. I was one with her, and since I had lost all of the fetters constricting me, I could finally level with that desire.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t take it anymore. I don’t wanna be alone anymore. To be so unhappy anymore. To suffer anymore.</em></p>

      <p><em>I don’t wanna lose anything. I wanna be with my beloved forever and ever.</em></p>

      <p><em>Master. It’s Master. It’s him I want. It’s him. I wanna make him happy. I want him to stay here and go nowhere else.</em></p>

      <p><em>Look at me. See only me. Live with only me in your eyes. I’ll live for your sake alone, so I want you to live for my sake alone too.</em></p>

      <p>That was my singular desire, plain and simple. I had reached the end of the tangled mess of emotions, and at long last, I had come to learn what I truly wanted. I was also able to steel myself to lose everything if it meant I could realize that wish. Just like Ms. Alty in the past, I didn’t hesitate to burn it all down the ground. Of course I didn’t. The respectable human trait of hesitation had turned to fuel and disappeared a long, long time ago.</p>

      <p>As I stared at the towering, flaring flames, time passed, until the Thief of Fire’s Essence whispered to me sorrowfully, “Look. Sieg’s here.”</p>

      <p>My liar of a Master, “Siegfried Vizzita,” emerged at the bottom of the hill. The kind soul chosen by Perception to be ___’s replacement. The apple of my eye had returned.</p>

      <p>But my darling hadn’t returned alone. The nuisance buzzing around him just <em>had</em> to be right behind him. There she was. Ms. Lastiara. The number one object of my envy. The one I wanted out of our lives. All she had to do was <em>be</em>, and Master would always be pulled in by the light she radiated. She could <em>say</em> she was rooting for me until she was blue in the face, but the fact of the matter was that her mere existence was a hindrance.</p>

      <p>Abhorrent. Everything was just <em>abhorrent</em>. The kind and radiant Ms. Lastiara. The Whoseyards knights sticking their noses where they didn’t belong. All of the new “comrades” trying to step between me and Master. Every single one of them was a lance in my side.</p>

      <p><em>Alone together. The two of us. You and me, Master. That’s all we need. If we live modest, humble, blissful lives, just you and me, that’s more than enough.</em></p>

      <p>All of the bastards trying to snatch that tiny ray of happiness from me had to burn—along with everything else.</p>

      <p><em>Master left me alone today because of </em>her.<em> That’s why I need to recapture him from her. She </em>will<em> return him to me. I was the one who found him first, so!</em></p>

      <p>“Give me back...my...Master.”</p>

      <p>Some of the hellfire spilled from my mouth. Once it flowed out of me, I could no longer stop it. All of the fire inside my body started rushing towards the way out. The inferno that was my emotions poured out in its bid to set the world ablaze.</p>

      <p><em>Let’s do it. Let’s use this wildfire to incinerate it all.</em></p>

      <p>I had to. It was the only way I could see my tragic love requited. Even if, as my eyes were telling me, it would lead to the one I loved turning to ash and vanishing, just like ____.</p>

      <p>Even if Ms. Alty, who could see the conclusion of it all, was smiling sadly.</p>

      <p>The only thing I could do now was burn things.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>