<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“I mean, I thought you maybe <em>liked</em> Miss Lastiara or something, Master.” She said it so readily, like it was nothing.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” My head went blank. It was just like when Alty had nuked me with the crush thing two days prior; I couldn’t comprehend what had been said right away.</p>

      <p>Maria continued, ignoring my mute amazement. “Well, yeah. Miss Lastiara had her odd qualities.”</p>

      <p>I understood the words, but I didn’t understand what she was saying. Her response, which I had never once expected, left me confused. A horde of questions flitted about in my brain. Wasn’t Maria herself the one with the crush? Why was this about <em>me</em> now? I was totally lost.</p>

      <p>“You’ve seen how pretty she is...”</p>

      <p>No argument there; she was a beauty. In fact, the word “beauty” didn’t cut it. Her looks were unreal. She was so stunning that not even the most beautiful TV stars in my world could rival her.</p>

      <p>“Plus, she was so strong, and cheery...”</p>

      <p>I was convinced that physically speaking, she was stronger than anybody else. She was so OP it was unfair, and that was on top of her bevy of skills and her eyes that were close to mine in caliber. And her personality could be called cheery. If one left out the unstable and unhinged parts of her, she did enjoy a sunny and forward-facing disposition. It was that cheer that pulled in everyone around her, and she had a mood-buoying life-of-the-party side to her that put smiles on her companions’ faces.</p>

      <p>“And she likes mischief, but at her core, she’s always thinking about her companions...”</p>

      <p>It was true. There was a lot about her that was dodgy and dangerous. Like her love of thrills and her desire for drama. But that didn’t translate to her needlessly putting people in danger. On the contrary, she’d given me a great deal of advice. And if there was something that needed saying, she said it, no matter how difficult it was to say or how much of a villain it made her.</p>

      <p>“And she’s a dreamer, but ideal as a Dungeon diver...”</p>

      <p>She must have been a dreamer because of her environment growing up. In order to become a hero, she had naturally been groomed to like stories about heroes. That was why she was so peerlessly enthusiastic about adventure and why she excelled at Dungeon diving more than anyone else.</p>

      <p>“She’s a lot like you, so you got along well...”</p>

      <p>I did get along well with Lastiara. I was only taking such a cautious stance because there was a reason I absolutely could not afford to die. If not for that, I would be like her—a game-loving dreamer. Even though I <em>said</em> the opposite, deep inside I more than understood where she was coming from.</p>

      <p>“So I’d been under the impression you maybe liked her. But you don’t actually, right, Master? You don’t like her, right?”</p>

      <p><em>Did</em> I like her? If I put the Dungeon before all else, it was reasonable to discard Lastiara. It had been my intention from the beginning, and in effect, I had just abandoned her. But I hadn’t given her up without trying to get her to stay first. I’d been reluctant to let her go. Was that because I liked her?</p>

      <p>Thinking back, it struck me as strange that, as a boy, I hadn’t thought anything of such a beyond-perfect girl when I’d first encountered her. Was it because the way we’d crossed paths had put me off? Was the situation to blame? Was that why I couldn’t acknowledge I was attracted to her?</p>

      <p>But I couldn’t deny that right now, I was panicking because I was about to lose her. I was desperately racking my mind for anything I could do. And that meant...</p>

      <p>That meant that, just as Maria had said, I liked Lasti—<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The following skill has activated: ???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Wha?</em></p>

      <p>The fire all throughout my body was quenched, as though I’d been doused in icy water. My racing heart calmed down, and the bits and bobs of information whirling in my head were arranged in neat and tidy rows. At the same time, I noticed that something that had been causing my heart to throb was now gone. Something important. And “???” had replaced that something with a serenity I hadn’t asked for. With a cool head, I analyzed the situation. I knew what that “something” was. Judging by what I’d been thinking about before it triggered, it was most likely infatuation or love or the like. And on an intellectual level, I understood it. But now I was so composed that I couldn’t believe it.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ha, ha ha, ha ha. Ha ha ha ha...” I laughed hoarsely.</p>

      <p>I knew of two triggers for “???” One was when my emotions were truly running away from me. While I did wonder if it’d activate on me earlier due to that, that wasn’t the trigger in this instance. I hadn’t been <em>that</em> confused. In fact, I’d been doing my damnedest to think things through logically and set the situation straight in my mind. Which left only the other trigger as a possibility. <em>Are you telling me that registered as me being about to die?</em></p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>In short, did “???” make a judgment call that my infatuation or love or what have you put my life at risk? Was it trying to tell me that if I indulged in my feelings for Lastiara, I’d die?</p>

      <p><em>That could very well be the case. Maybe it’d kill me. But even so! Even so, you can’t just swap it away from me so willy-nilly! That’s just not okay!</em></p>

      <p>A fire by the name of wrath gushed inside of me. It was a wrath that bubbled up from the bottom of my heart, and it was hot enough to ruin the calm that “???” had just afforded me. But that unprecedented level of rage didn’t trigger “???” despite my newfound lack of that newfound calm.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, okay, so that’s how it is. If I think about any kind of childlike crush, that’s over the line, but if I feel angry enough to kill somebody, that’s acceptable. What an absolute joke!</em></p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s the matter, Master?” Maria was dismayed; she stood stock still, her face stiff.</p>

      <p>But that wasn’t even on my radar at the moment. <em>Come to think of it, when I first met Lastiara, “???” activated around then. And if I’m not wrong, it also activated the second time we met. No wonder I was so slow to cotton onto my feelings for her. And it was only natural that my budding feelings were so stunted. My emotions were actively severed at the roots. So, judging by how we met, Lastiara and I were a disaster.</em></p>

      <p>I laughed bitterly. I laughed from the excess of rage, and I laughed so much that I gradually became calmer. “Ha ha... It’s nothing; it’s just a little funny... You’re right, Maria. I don’t like Lastiara. And you can take that to the bank.”</p>

      <p>“H-Huh? Is... Is that right?” She was surprised. Apparently, she hadn’t exactly been expecting that response. She promptly examined my expression to determine the truth. But try as she might, it was futile. Any such detectable something had vanished a moment ago.</p>

      <p>“But never mind that. You said something interesting just now. About how Lastiara and I are similar.”</p>

      <p>Maria’s Perception skill was really convenient. It allowed me to learn things about myself that I hadn’t even noticed.</p>

      <p>“Right, yes, I uhh, I don’t know how to put it exactly, but your cores are similar. From where I’m standing, you’re <em>both</em> flawless, like you were created that way.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha!”</p>

      <p>The aptness of that remark! My hoarse laughter increased. She was so on the mark, it was comical. Because if Lastiara was an artificial person crafted by her environment, then I was also an artificial person dancing to the tune of “???” Maria was right. We were peas in a pod.</p>

      <p>“I see. So we’re similar at heart, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>My laughter was frightening her. Not even her Perception could garner any insights into my sudden turnaround or what I was thinking. That was just how anomalous “???” was. In other words, both Lastiara and I were around the same level of unstable. And now I had a feeling I understood how she felt a little bit. Namely, I suspected that even though she knew that this whole ritual business was bizarre, she didn’t have any feelings about it. That was why she prioritized the duty imposed on her from birth. Undergoing the ritual had become her sole emotional rock to stand on.</p>

      <p>And me? I was the same. Even now that I knew that I had feelings for her, I couldn’t feel those feelings. And the only emotional rock left to stand on was going to the deepest level of the Dungeon. Wasn’t I doing the exact same thing as she was by prioritizing my “duty”?</p>

      <p><em>There’s no way I can go.</em></p>

      <p>That was what I’d so self-importantly told her. Well, I couldn’t very well tell her that and then be so blind to my own shortcomings. And more than anything else, I hadn’t forgotten my anger towards “???”</p>

      <p>“Maria, I’m going out for a while. I’ll be back by noon.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? Master, where are you—”</p>

      <p>Leaving the confused Maria behind, I exited through the window. There was no time to waste.</p>

      <p><em>I’m not going to the Dungeon. So where should I go?</em> I contemplated calmly, stuffing my rage inside me so that “???” wouldn’t activate.</p>

      <p>I intended to act under the assumption that I had feelings for Lastiara. However, as those feelings had been robbed from me, I couldn’t muster any confidence in my actions. I knew what I needed to do, but I really wanted someone to confirm it. Maria was out, since her personal feelings prevented her from being objective enough.</p>

      <p>That was why I was gonna go see <em>him</em>. Somebody who, unlike us, wasn’t unstable. A comrade with a firm sense of self.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>I went past the hospital’s reception desk and walked over to the ward where Dia awaited. The well-ventilated hallway had been repaired, and it maintained its appearance as a hallway, if only barely. Crossing the not-so-aesthetically pleasing corridor, I stepped inside Dia’s room.</p>

      <p>There I saw not just him, but also three other, less familiar faces.</p>

      <p>“Dia, you have visitors?” I asked him. He was sitting in his bed.</p>

      <p>I looked at the three strangers. The men wore priestly garb, and my menu-sight confirmed that their class was listed as Priest, so there could be little doubt. Over their clean and pale attire, they wore patterned stole-like shawls hanging down their fronts.</p>

      <p>“S-Sieg?! Hold on, hold up a minute!”</p>

      <p>“Okay,” I said extremely calmly before stepping back into the corridor.</p>

      <p>My rage was still there, but thanks to that “???” activation earlier, I’d composed myself. I was glad I wasn’t acting helter-skelter.</p>

      <p>I killed some time in the hallway, and after a moment or two, the three priests came out and gave me a bow before leaving the premises, after which I entered Dia’s room again.</p>

      <p>“Sup, Dia?”</p>

      <p>He looked uncomfortable. “Sieg, you almost never come so early in the morning...”</p>

      <p>It seemed he didn’t want me to have seen that scene just now. Clearly, Dia had his own circumstances to deal with. I was vaguely aware of that fact ever since he and Lastiara had told me they were acquaintances.</p>

      <p>“Were those guys Whoseyards priests?”</p>

      <p>“Urgh... They’re not from Whoseyards, but I guess you could say they’re similar.”</p>

      <p>“If you don’t wanna say, you don’t have to.”</p>

      <p>“Err, no, it’s okay... Those guys were priests from my country, and they came here for me,” he confessed frankly. He must have thought he couldn’t hide it anymore.</p>

      <p>“They came here for you?”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry I never told you. I’m an important figure in my country, and I’m on the run.”</p>

      <p>Dia, an important figure in a different country. That tracked. He had to have been born special in some way. There was no other explanation for how his talents surpassed even Lastiara’s, as she herself was a homunculus made to be as perfect as possible. Dia might have thought he was hitting me with a shocking revelation, but to me, it was a revelation that made sense of things.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t stand seeing that apologetic look on his face, so I replied amiably. “Gotcha. But don’t worry, it’s no big deal to me. Come what may, you’ll always just be Dia to me.”</p>

      <p>“Sieg!” He stared at me, visibly moved. He’d probably been expecting me to scold him.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, I didn’t have the time to be fretting about that. I hurried the conversation along. “So do you need to go back to your country now or what?”</p>

      <p>“Well, by all rights, I do, but not anytime too soon. They’re actually making me appear at the ritual during the Day of the Blessed Birth tomorrow. I accepted a request to represent a certain sect, so...”</p>

      <p>I was pretty surprised that Dia was in a higher position than I could have guessed, given that when I’d met him, he’d been beaten up and starving. First impressions really are important.</p>

      <p>I resisted the urge to ask more about that request and stuck to being pragmatic for the moment. “Are you going back to your country after making that appearance? Is there anything I can do to help you?”</p>

      <p>“Nah, of course I ain’t going back. I decided I’m gonna try striking it rich here. And I’m not gonna ask you to help me with persuading those dudes either. I don’t wanna bother you. I wanna try managing this stuff on my own for the time being.”</p>

      <p>We were an ocean away from the silly little kids of the past. If only we’d been so candid with ourselves before. If only we’d been this decisive before.</p>

      <p>“Got it. That said, I wanna help where I can, so if anything comes up, feel free to turn to me and I’ll lend a hand.”</p>

      <p>“Sure. Cheers, Sieg.”</p>

      <p>The conversation regarding the problem Dia was facing ended in so many seconds. Of course, I was under no illusion that that was the extent of what was weighing on his shoulders. Regardless, I’d probably resolved the things I could in that moment. Now it was time to talk about Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“So, I’m sorry to spring this on you when you’re in a tough spot,” I said, “but there’s something I wanna ask you.”</p>

      <p>“Something you wanna ask me? Shoot.”</p>

      <p>Dia remained unswayed by the influence of outside factors, unlike me or Lastiara, and he wasn’t captive to his personal feelings like Maria. Most importantly, he was the comrade I could trust the most in this world.</p>

      <p>“It’s about Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>The point of my visiting Dia this time around was to ask his advice. I quickly rattled off all the main points about Lastiara and the Day of the Blessed Birth, and Dia listened quietly.</p>

      <p>He nodded unreservedly. “I see...”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t as though he didn’t know about the Day of the Blessed Birth, after all. He didn’t question that what I said was true.</p>

      <p>“I’m thinking that the source of Lastiara’s unusual behavior isn’t just her upbringing. She’s gotta have some kind of mental magic cast on her too. A spell that was cast over and over since she was a kid,” he said, making no bones about how bad Lastiara’s situation was. “Otherwise she wouldn’t get that stubborn.”</p>

      <p>Dia was versed in holy magic, and it seemed a specific sorcery had sprung to mind. But I had seen Lastiara’s menu, and at the very least, it didn’t <em>look</em> like any magic had been cast on her that would cause a Condition to manifest. The only things that stood out were her skills “Doll Body” and “Pseudo-Divine Eyes.”</p>

      <p>“If mental magic was cast on Lastiara, could you lift it?”</p>

      <p>“Nah, don’t think so. If it was a simple spell, I would have noticed when we met and dispelled it for her. I think it’s a magic formula that’s pervaded her body on the flesh and blood level. Higher-ups in Whoseyards can manage that sort of thing without batting an eyelid,” he declared as though he’d seen it himself.</p>

      <p>“Then, as things stand, I have to give up on the idea of lifting that spell, huh?”</p>

      <p>“They do have to dispel it themselves before the ritual to summon St. Tiara into her body. I don’t see them summoning the vaunted progenitor saint into a body afflicted by mental magic that causes her to take her own survival so lightly.”</p>

      <p>“Before the ritual, you say...”</p>

      <p>So ideally, I’d take her out of there right before the ritual. If that proved beyond me, I’d have no choice but to somehow enlist the aid of a person who knew how to dispel magic or the like.</p>

      <p>“So what are you gonna do, Sieg? I’ll help. Physically I’m back to normal.”</p>

      <p>He didn’t hesitate to give his assistance to a friend even when he was in a less than desirable position himself, which provided a window into just how good a guy Dia was.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, I didn’t really have an answer to that question. To be exact, “???” had taken the answer from me.</p>

      <p>“Dia, can I ask you a weird question?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, sure.”</p>

      <p>“What would you—no, what would <em>any</em> normal person do? Is this where I go and save her?”</p>

      <p>I had to ask him; no dressing anything up. I could no longer trust my own conclusions, because in my eyes, those conclusions <em>weren’t</em> my own. They were just “???” manipulating me.</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? What would <em>I</em> do?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I have a duty that I need to prioritize above all else. Should I go save Lastiara despite that?”</p>

      <p>Dia was taken aback; he looked at me like I’d grown an extra head. But after a short pause, he answered me with an earnest expression and an ardor in his eyes.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, well...if I were in your shoes, even if I had something I oughta prioritize, if there’s somebody who’s irreplaceable to me, I’d go save ’em. So, yeah, pretty sure I would. But that’s me. I dunno if that’s what any normal person would do.”</p>

      <p>Dia was, as always, a compassionate kid. Now I knew that he’d go save her—but he’d also told me he didn’t know whether that was “normal.” He’d given me more to chew on, but it wasn’t enough, which left me with no other choice. I had to lay it bare.</p>

      <p>“In that case, if, <em>hypothetically speaking</em>, I liked Lastiara, should I go save her?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Like I said, <em>if</em> I liked Lastiara, should I go save her?”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, wait a sec,” he said, flustered. “Do... <em>Do </em>you like Lastiara?”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t blame him for being astonished, getting asked that out of the blue.</p>

      <p>“No, I don’t. It’s just a hypothetical. What ought I to do <em>if</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, okay. It’s an if—a hypothetical. In that case, shouldn’t you go save her? I mean, if you like her, then however pressing something else may be, it’s only natural to think to yourself that you <em>have </em>to save her. But that’s, like, if you <em>like</em> her. It’s for that hypothetical scenario!” he answered without hesitation.</p>

      <p>I knew it. It was perfectly normal to go save somebody you liked. That was why my “???” skill had erased the emotion. It must have been because going to the Cathedral to rescue her would have put my life on the line.</p>

      <p>“I see. All right, I’ve made up my mind. I’m gonna go save her.”</p>

      <p>My thinking was in line with Dia’s own opinion, which steeled my resolve.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Dia. I’m heading off to the cathedral in Whoseyards.”</p>

      <p>I got to my feet without hesitation. Actually, maybe I had never been of two minds to begin with. Maybe I’d known what the correct decision was all along. Abandoning someone you’re fond of to die isn’t what anybody would normally do. <em>Of course</em> the correct response is to save someone I like, travel all over the Dungeon, and return to my family with pride in my heart.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Sieg! That...it’s...it’s too sudden! It’s pointless even if you leave now! I just told you, they’ll dispel her mental magic <em>right before</em> the ritual! If you try rescuing her forcibly, there’s a chance she’ll resist you! That must be why that Hine guy’s so worried! What if, after you save her, she says she’s gonna attend the ritual no matter what? Have you got a plan for that?!”</p>

      <p>“Ah.” He was right. That was the reason Mr. Hine was willing to cut off my legs if it meant he could drag Lastiara out of the country. If I tried rescuing her then and there, it came with the possibility of her resisting.</p>

      <p>Upon seeing the dumb “oh yeah” look on my face, Dia heaved a sigh. “Can’t be helped,” he murmured before adding, “Message received. You’re serious about wanting to save Lastiara. I get it, so...wait for me a sec. Stay there—I’ll be the one to save her.” He made his declaration, determined to prove that he was not at all inferior to me.</p>

      <p>“Huh? But why?”</p>

      <p>“I can be present at the ritual right up until its completion. They’ll let their guard down at the moment the ritual is about to be complete, which is when I’ll destroy the cathedral. And then I’ll approach Lastiara and ask her what she actually wants. If she wants to run, we’ll flee straight to your place, the two of us.”</p>

      <p>It was an extremely audacious and reckless plan, but there was no denying that that was the only time the mental magic that had a hold over her would be undone.</p>

      <p>“If we succeed,” Dia continued, “then Lastiara and I are gonna be on the lam from Whoseyards...so let’s run for the seafaring country of Greeard in the south, I guess. We can hit the Dungeon as a team from there.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t understand why Dia was willing to go that far. Were Dia and Lastiara closer than I’d assumed? It seemed odd to me.</p>

      <p>“Guess you could say I might as well, since I’m on the run anyway,” he said sheepishly. “I mean, if I make friends with somebody of Lastiara’s caliber, it’ll pay off.”</p>

      <p>“But if you save Lastiara, you’ll make more enemies too. And powerful enemies at that. Do you really have the resolve to save her even if you end up antagonizing a whole country?”</p>

      <p>“The resolve? Oh, I’ve got the resolve. We’re talking about someone <em>you’d</em> be willing to go that far for, so of course she’s someone who needs saving in my eyes too. This much ain’t nothing. Our Dungeon diving’s only just begun, man!” he said, grinning broadly.</p>

      <p>One of Dia’s dreams was to strike it rich in the Dungeon, yet he was willing to save Lastiara even if doing so threw up more obstacles in the way of that dream. His big heart blew me away, and it reminded me just how puny my heart was. I felt ashamed of my tendency to prioritize myself over others. Dia was a bright and dazzling star, and I wanted to be like him. I emulated him by putting a big old smile on my face.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Dia. But you don’t have to do that. I will.”</p>

      <p>“You will?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. ’Cause abducting Lastiara’s my job. I’ll leap in right before the ritual rounds off and whisk her away. I’m the ringleader at the end of the day. I won’t make you do my dirty work.” My answer carried the confidence I saw in Dia, however false that confidence was.</p>

      <p>“I expected no less, Sieg,” he replied. As always, he had an excess of faith in me.</p>

      <p>A lot had cropped up, but at last, my plan of action had solidified. I had time on my hands, so I decided to ask for as much information on the Cathedral as possible. However, Dia didn’t know much about it himself. Having been a guest of honor, he knew a little about the arrangements for the ritual and the layout of the building and nothing else. But having even that much intel made all the difference. I now knew the place and the timing for me to swoop in.</p>

      <p>However, looking at Dia’s expression, it didn’t seem like he wanted to saddle me with everything. I repeatedly reminded him that he didn’t need to put himself out to help me, but I didn’t know how far Dia would push himself the next day.</p>

      <p>At Dia’s typical upright behavior, I couldn’t help but smile wryly. Perhaps if I were as straightforward and upstanding as him, I might have been able to produce a different outcome. But as of now, I could only do what I had to do. After Dia and I were finished informing one another, I immediately left the hospital ward and headed for the border. It was time to see this “cathedral” where Lastiara would be undergoing the ritual with my own eyes.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The Cathedral of Whoseyards. The enormous and awe-inspiring structure was one of the symbols of the nation. It was also important in that it supervised the public institutions of Whoseyards.</p>

      <p>The word “cathedral” had me imagining a Western-style church but bigger. In reality, it was completely different. If I had to describe it, it was more of a fortress than anything. The grounds were about three Tokyo Domes in width, and they were enclosed by an artificial river. Farther inside, there were more obstructions in the form of tall conifers and iron fencing. The walls of water, trees, and iron concealed the interior.</p>

      <p>Situated within that high-reaching enclosure towered a building that was well and truly a citadel unto itself. In order to enter the central stronghold, one had to cross a huge drawbridge spanning the man-made moat.</p>

      <p>It really was a castle fort. To enter the central castle, you had to pass through a huge drawbridge over an artificial river. And since there was only one drawbridge, there was only one entrance.</p>

      <p>The giant drawbridge, which looked around fifty meters wide to me, was suspended over the moat for some time. I’d heard that they didn’t ever raise the drawbridge, so it seemed that there was no need to worry about being forced to cross the river without the bridge’s aid.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, the reason it wasn’t raised was because of how heavily it was guarded. Dozens of sentry knights were always at the ready, protecting the bridge. Moreover, a huge gate had been installed in the middle, and both ends of the gate had elevated platforms to boot. There was a hut near the bridge that served as a garrison for the knights. Clearly, they were zealous about not letting any suspicious individuals in, come hell or high water.</p>

      <p><em>Should I invade through the main gate, or should I cross the river and the fence?</em> I put my hand on my chin, running the scenarios of the next day’s infiltration through my head. That was when <em>Dimension</em> picked up on a peculiar reading. It was easy to tell who this high-temperature cluster might be.</p>

      <p>“Doing your best, aren’t ya, Sieg?”</p>

      <p>Alty’s voice came at me from behind.</p>

      <p>“That you, Alty? You got some business with me?”</p>

      <p>“I know your circumstances. I came here to ask you something,” she said, her gaze piercing.</p>

      <p>Maybe she’d heard all about Lastiara from Dia or Maria. Perhaps she’d gleaned it through her nasty eavesdropping ability.</p>

      <p>“Ask me what?”</p>

      <p>“Why are you trying to save Lastiara? ’Cause if it’s love, I’m prepared to lend a hand.”</p>

      <p>She was, as ever, a love gossip freak. She wanted to make everything about romantic affairs by any means. Granted, this time around, she was right. Or almost.</p>

      <p>I gave it a moment’s thought before shaking my head. “It ain’t something as beautiful as <em>love</em> that’s driving me right now. My motives are simpler than that.”</p>

      <p>Love? That emotion was totally gone now, and I couldn’t say that what no longer existed was spurring me to action. If I did, I’d be disrespecting Lastiara, and I myself wouldn’t be able to swallow it. The impetus at that point was something less complicated than affection.</p>

      <p>“Really? Do you wanna tell me what that simple motive is?”</p>

      <p>“Something’s sticking in my craw. I can’t take being toyed with anymore, so I’m gonna sever the fetters binding her. That’s all there is to it.”</p>

      <p>Basically, I was losing my patience when it came to being trifled with by this world—by skills, by magic, by cultures, and all that garbage. I was beyond fed up. I was <em>angry</em>. That was the reason I was fighting what “???” wanted for me. I <em>would</em> save Lastiara, and we <em>would</em> Dungeon dive together alongside Maria and Dia. Period.</p>

      <p>“Hrm. Can’t say I understand, but...if you’re telling me it’s definitely not love, I’m gonna have difficulty helping ya out, considering I live and breathe love.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t need you to do anything in particular. If people find out about you helping us, that’d put us in a precarious spot. If you wanna be of service, help me out in the Dungeon and not in town, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Hrm, all right, fine. I don’t wanna be doing anything that disadvantages my pet, Mar-Mar. I’ll remain a silent observer this time.”</p>

      <p>Alty caught on quick, which was great. She still had a kind look on her face when she added, “That being said, I can’t have you dying on me. Whenever you think you’re in danger, just light a flame. As long as there’s fire around, I can at least bail ya out. I’ll be on standby tomorrow, so you can call me anytime.” With that, she turned on her heels.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Alty.”</p>

      <p>“You don’t gotta thank me. We’re partners in crime.”</p>

      <p>But her voice—it was trembling. Not from a negative emotion like sadness either. I could tell it was trembling from joy. She laughed, albeit faintly.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh. It won’t be long now. Just a little bit longer...”</p>

      <p>She disappeared, that uncanny smile never leaving her face. I found it a bit suspicious, but I didn’t have the time to probe. I had to move on to the next order of business.</p>

      <p>First things first, I needed to go into town to purchase the tools and weapons I’d be using the next day. After stocking up my inventory, I headed to the library, where I read a number of books about Whoseyards and the Festival of the Blessed Birth. Sadly, I didn’t come across any new information that was particularly notable. Giving up, I searched for books about magic next.</p>

      <p>There was a good chance that I’d have to fight. Not only that, the battles would be against large crowds of my fellow human beings. As such, I looked for examples of spells I’d require. Of course, no amount of perusing would allow me to obtain that magic, but I plunged into the tomes in search of information regardless, searing the details of the spells I had my sights on into my head.</p>

      <p>To what end, you may ask? I was going to <em>create</em> magic.</p>

      <p>Maria and Franrühle had said in the past that magic wasn’t something one could create from nothing. Back then, I hadn’t argued the point. Yet, as a matter of fact, I had worked out a whole bunch of spells. <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>. <em>Layered Dimension</em>. <em>Ice Arrow</em>. <em>Snowmension</em>. <em>Ice Flamberge</em>. Sure, they were just different applications of extant spells, but I had created no fewer than five of them.</p>

      <p>Maria had remarked that creating new spells was the stuff of fairy tales. Apparently, the only people who could create magic were singular individuals like the heroes who appeared in such stories. But if you asked me, this place was just like a fairy tale anyway.</p>

      <p>After reading my fill of volumes on magic, I exited the library. As I walked through town, I conceptualized new spells in my head.</p>

      <p>“I’m one of those singular individuals. I know it. Spellcast:<em> Dimension</em>. Spellcast: <em>Freeze</em>,” I said under my breath, mixing the two spells together.</p>

      <p>All that was left was to visualize. That was the reason I’d pored over so many different spells. Creating a new spell from scratch was very hard. Visualizing a preexisting spell, on the other hand, was a different story. That had already been substantiated. I carefully and deliberately refined the spell, kneading it as I got it ever closer to the picture in my mind’s eye. Ideally, I’d have liked to have practiced in the comfort of my own home, but the more time I had to practice, the better.</p>

      <p>Consequently, the road I was walking down was freezing over slightly. At first, the freezing was so slight that you couldn’t notice it without staring, but by the time I reached the house, small icicles were growing from my footsteps. <em>The creation of this brutal ice spell is within my grasp.</em></p>

      <p>My number one concern upon returning home was Maria. I had gotten swept up by impulsiveness and preparations for my plan to abduct Lastiara, leaving poor Maria alone and neglected. But contrary to my expectations, she looked the same as always.</p>

      <p>“Welcome home, Master.”</p>

      <p>As always, she had dinner prepared, so we partook together as we chatted about nothing special. I tried sussing out Maria’s mental state but ultimately stopped myself. If possible, I wanted to put off my Maria problems until Lastiara returned. I calmly came to the conclusion that it’d be better to let sleeping dogs lie for now. Unlike with Lastiara, no one was going to die if I didn’t resolve the Maria situation immediately. There was a big urgency gap there. I intended to focus all of my attention on the Lastiara abduction plan.</p>

      <p>Night fell. I holed up in my bedroom and resumed practicing the spell from earlier, practicing and practicing and practicing through trial and error until my MP was drained. I kept at it until my eyelids grew heavy.</p>

      <p><em>I’m gonna save you, Lastiara.</em></p>

      <p>With that vow, I fell asleep.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The Day of the Blessed Birth was here.</p>

      <p>I woke up before dawn and checked how I was doing physically. It was partially because my sleep rhythm had gotten used to it, but also because of my nerves.</p>

      <p>My plan was to depart at daybreak. According to what Dia had told me, the ritual would end before midday, as they would be unveiling the newly descended Saint Tiara at noon. As such, my plan had to commence early in the morning.</p>

      <p>I used the last of my free time to head to the living room for some light breakfast, only to be surprised to see Maria standing there. I’d told her that I wouldn’t do anything. During suppertime the night before, we’d eaten our food without broaching anything major. As a result, I hadn’t been expecting to bump into her then and there. The plan had been to bring back Lastiara before Maria woke up. I’d hit a snag from the jump.</p>

      <p>She stared at me, just as expressionless as before. “You are going after all...aren’t you...Master...”</p>

      <p>She was aware of it all. I’d underestimated the sharpness of her intuition. She must have stayed up waiting for me after divining my intentions. Now that it had come to this, I couldn’t keep mum.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’m gonna come right back with Lastiara in tow, so could you wait here for me?”</p>

      <p>Maria remained expressionless; she said nothing at all. While I thought it strange, I kept going. “After we return, we’re planning to flee to a different country. How about you—”</p>

      <p><em>What’re you going to do?</em></p>

      <p>I interrupted myself. Putting it that way made it sound as though it didn’t matter to me what she did. Taking her feelings into consideration, asking her that would be too heartless.</p>

      <p>“How about you come with us? We’ll run away, the three of us.”</p>

      <p>The blank look on her face remained unchanged. “Run away? What about the house?”</p>

      <p>The house? I wasn’t expecting talk of the house. In my eyes, it was nothing more than a stopgap measure, but maybe to Maria it was something more.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, I’m thinking we’ll have no choice but to abandon it. What a waste, I know...”</p>

      <p>Finally, her expression changed. “No... No, I don’t want to.”</p>

      <p>This was an expression I’d never seen before. Not even when she was a slave. She was trembling, and from the look on her face, it was the end of the world to her.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” I’d thought we were having a calm conversation, but my response had been in vain. It had only aggravated her.</p>

      <p>“Please don’t go, Master. I’m begging you, please don’t go!” she pleaded, grimacing. This was the first time she’d ever stood in the way of anything I did.</p>

      <p>“Maria...what’s gotten into you?”</p>

      <p>“If you go, I’ll never get through to you. You’ll leave me to rot.”</p>

      <p>Maria’s expression continued to darken until finally, it reached a point of unfathomed madness not unlike Lastiara’s in the past.</p>

      <p>“C-C’mon, Maria, calm down. I said we’d run away together, didn’t I? I promise I won’t leave you behind. How could I ever abandon you like that?”</p>

      <p>“Liar. Even if we run away, the three of us, I know I’m not really there in the end. It doesn’t matter if I’m there or not. And I can’t stomach that.”</p>

      <p>This back-and-forth was similar to my conversation with a nigh intoxicated, giddy Lastiara, in that I couldn’t keep up with her leaping to conclusions. Maria was not in her right mind, and I looked for the cause as she kept talking.</p>

      <p>“Why are you going to go save Miss Lastiara? I thought you didn’t like her or anything?”</p>

      <p>Was this a product of envy? But Maria’s personality was more coolheaded and persevering than that. Seeing her erupt like this felt out of place. Perhaps her romantic feelings had spilled over because there was a problem with my behavior. But everyone perceived her crush as something small. What was making her feel so cornered?</p>

      <p>“Whaddya mean, why? She’s one of us, isn’t she? We need her to Dungeon dive going forward. I can’t afford to forsake her.”</p>

      <p>“Dungeon dive going forward? How long do you plan to dive?!” At last, she was beginning to raise her voice.</p>

      <p>“C-Calm down, Maria, please!”</p>

      <p>“If you go, then I’m sure Miss Lastiara will be saved! And if that happens, it’ll be the same as before! I don’t wanna reach the stupid depths of the stupid Dungeon! Not going to the Dungeon won’t kill you, will it?! If you live a nice quiet life here at home, that’s all you need!” she shouted, spitting out all of her pent-up grievances.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t acknowledge that. That desire ran counter to my objective in this world and the reason I was even living here. In order to communicate my intentions to her, I once again tried to pacify her.</p>

      <p>“I can’t do that, Maria. I can’t stray from gunning for the depths of the Dungeon. I’m in the Dungeon Alliance for the sole reason of reaching the deepest level, so—”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, well, that’s just greedy! You don’t need to reach the depths! You can earn money nice and safe around Level 10 and live a normal, happy life! That’s what I want! And Miss Lastiara isn’t necessary for that, is she?!” she raged.</p>

      <p>This was plainly not the Maria I knew. With grim determination, I drew close and grabbed her by the shoulders. Then I stared straight into her eyes. “Listen, Maria, that is not what this is about! At this rate, Lastiara’s gonna <em>die</em>! That’s why I’ve gotta save her! Are you okay with Lastiara dying, Maria?!”</p>

      <p>Maria’s bleary eyes opened wide. Perhaps the fire in my words had persuaded her; I could feel the tension in her body gradually abating through my hands. She feebly cast down her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Miss Lastiara’s a good person. I don’t want her to die.”</p>

      <p>“See? So we need to go save her. She’s our comrade, after all.”</p>

      <p>I could tell Maria’s body was relaxing. <em>Good. Maria’s calmed down now—</em></p>

      <p>“Our comrade? That’s why? You’re putting your life on the line to go save her just because she’s our ‘comrade’?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, yeah.”</p>

      <p>Maria’s body radiated a bizarre pressure. Detecting that this force was none other than magic energy, I fell back a half step.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, right. Because she’s ‘our comrade.’ Lies. Who would risk their life just for <em>that</em>? That’s right. No one would. Listen, I <em>know</em>. I get it. You want to show her your good side, right?!” she shouted, flames bursting from her body. “You want to show off, but only to her, never to me, right?! Even though when <em>she</em> wasn’t in the picture, you’d try to look good for <em>me</em>!!!”</p>

      <p>I immediately retreated, crossing my arms to protect my face from the blaze. And then, through the gap between my crossed arms, I saw Maria constructing a flame sword, which she wielded as she slowly and calmly approached.</p>

      <p><em>This is a battle.</em></p>

      <p>That was what my intuition told me, but I couldn’t draw a sword from my inventory for one simple reason. I absolutely did not want to choose the option of attacking Maria with a weapon.</p>

      <p>I deployed my magic and made to hold her down with my bare hands. “Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>, spellcast: <em>Freeze</em>!”</p>

      <p>First, I weakened the intensity of the fire in the room using <em>Freeze</em> as I closed the distance between us. Maria reacted by swinging down the flame sword from above. I bent down to dodge it and aimed to grab her by the wrist, but Maria’s extraordinary eyes more than saw it coming. Her flame-wreathed free hand grabbed <em>me</em> by the wrist. Her fire burned my skin, and my body froze in place.</p>

      <p>“Yoww!”</p>

      <p>Maria tried to press her advantage by slicing upward, but the flame sword met only empty air. Thanks to <em>Calculash</em>, I could see the trajectory of the slash. In the end, there was no way Maria could win a close-combat fight against me. My numbers were just that much higher than hers. Mustering all of my considerable STR stat, I broke free of her grip, grabbed her wrist, and spun to her back. She was unable to keep up with my AGI, so both of her arms were pinned to her back. I fell to the ground with her in my grasp and held her down as I used Analyze to check her Condition.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【CONDITION】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Confusion 4.23</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>There it was. There was no mistaking it; Maria wasn’t herself. There was no way Confusion would get that high just from normal everyday life. This only made sense if she was under the effect of some spell or skill.</p>

      <p>I racked my brain for anyone who might carry out such a deed, keeping her pinned as I shouted, “Maria, listen to me! Have you met that Palinchron guy recently?!”</p>

      <p>“P-Palinchron?”</p>

      <p>“The knight who won the bid for you at the slave auction! The guy with the watchful eyes who’s a bit taller than me and wears merchant clothes! That dodgy-looking dude!”</p>

      <p>“Never... Never mind about that!”</p>

      <p>By blasting yet more fire, she tried burning me from below, but I endured by strengthening <em>Freeze</em>.</p>

      <p>“Maria, has someone cast some kind of spell on you?! Your confusion is crazy high!”</p>

      <p>“A spell? Confusion?!”</p>

      <p>I spent all of my magic energy on <em>Freeze</em>. Fortunately, I’d been practicing my ice magic since the day before, and my control over the cold was perfect. It not only weakened Maria’s fire, it leeched the heat from her body. I was literally cooling her head. The method was surprisingly effective. The tension left her body, and she started calming down.</p>

      <p>“That’s it; easy does it... Breathe in, breathe out...”</p>

      <p>Maria did as I instructed and breathed. Harshly at first. And when her body had become completely chilled, she seemed to come back to her senses.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Wait, what?”</p>

      <p>“You okay, Maria? Nice and calm now?”</p>

      <p>Her confusion stat abated alongside her mania.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【CONDITION】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Confusion 0.44</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I suspected that Maria’s flames were linked to her Confusion stat. And that made Alty, the one who had taught her fire magic, the prime suspect. But there was no way such a forcible measure could have been for Maria’s sake. If Alty had done this to make Maria’s love requited, it was too off the mark. And if her objective had been to take my life, Maria was too weak to accomplish that; Alty had to have foreseen my being able to restrain her like this.</p>

      <p>Unable to determine Alty’s angle, I gritted my teeth.</p>

      <p>“I... I’m sorry! What have I done?!” Maria apologized, red in the face.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. I know you were saying stuff you don’t mean because of the Confusion.”</p>

      <p>As I pulled myself off her, I sensed the morning sun shining through the window. The plan to recapture Lastiara was a race against time, yet I’d been kept from leaving. Perhaps the culprit was aiming to interfere with Lastiara’s rescue. Then again, I’d only decided to rescue her the day before, and only Maria, Dia, and Alty were in the know. Did that make Alty the only possibility?</p>

      <p>But she wouldn’t have a motive. Alty didn’t hold any grudge against Lastiara, at least not as far as I knew. I’d seen her expression the day before. If she hated Lastiara, she hid it well.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Master. I’m sorry. I’m sorry.”</p>

      <p>For now, I had to focus on soothing Maria. I stroked her head. “It’s okay, honest. You don’t have to apologize. Never mind that; are you hurt anywhere? From what I can see, your Confusion is way down, but...”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’m back to normal now. I’m truly sorry...”</p>

      <p>From the look of her, she had no idea what had just happened, but she hadn’t forgotten it either. She’d regained her presence of mind, so she could at least hold down the fort for me. But—and this was just a hunch—I had a bad feeling about it.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, I didn’t have the time to talk to her. It was already daybreak. If I headed out any later, I’d be endangering Lastiara. And even though my heart wouldn’t stop pounding, I had to make a choice. A choice that, in all likelihood, I’d come to regret forevermore.</p>

      <p>“Maria, I’m gonna go take Lastiara back. I think it’ll all be over before you know it.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, understood. If that’s your decision, I will of course abide by it,” said Maria obediently. Owing to that bout of Confusion, she was shrinking, utterly mortified.</p>

      <p>“Until we’re home, wait for us here, if you would. We’ll be back in no time, promise.”</p>

      <p>I’d have preferred to leave her with someone I could trust, but I couldn’t think of a suitable person. I contemplated having her wait at the pub, but Maria was stronger than the manager now. So I had no choice but to have her wait for us at home. Lastiara’s recapture would probably be a blitz, and since it would only take a short time, it should be okay.</p>

      <p>“Yes, understood. I’ll wait for you here. For you both...”</p>

      <p>The light of reason was in her eyes. The madness from before was no more. I could rest easy—to an extent, anyway. Lastiara, on the other hand, could die any second. The urgency of the matter compelled me to go get her now.</p>

      <p>“See you later, Maria.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Yes, Master. See you later.”</p>

      <p>Reluctantly, I turned my back to her and broke into a run, rushing out of our house and dashing towards Whoseyards. I had to. I had to ignore the look that had appeared on her face just before we parted and just, <em>run</em>.</p>

      <p>Right away, I retrieved a largish stole from my inventory, wrapped it around my neck, and drew it up to my nose to hide my face. I knew it was no use, but I wanted to conceal my identity as much as possible. People who knew me would know it was me, but people who didn’t wouldn’t. That was what I was going for.</p>

      <p>I zipped through the dawn-lit townscape of Vart, strode over the border, and entered Whoseyards. Even though it was dead early in the morning, there were a ton of folks walking about. They had to be participants in the Day of the Blessed Birth events. They were all headed for the Cathedral with a spring in their step. The weeklong lead-up that was the Festival of the Blessed Birth had gotten people into peak spirits. Everyone from parents taking their small kids to old married couples were chatting up a storm in their anticipation of the celebration held at the Cathedral. I apologized to them in my heart for what I was about to do as I raced along the boulevard.</p>

      <p>That was when the Cathedral came into view in the distance. I started sensing an abnormally dense mass of magic energy rising up from that direction. It wasn’t rising from the Cathedral itself, but from outside it. A man was standing in the center of the avenue, amid the crowd. His name was Hine Hellvilleshine. The knight of wind with the short blond hair.</p>

      <p>I could hardly disregard him. He was the one knight among the great number of knights who’d be there that I couldn’t ignore. I slowly decelerated, coming to a halt before him. At some point, the throng in the road had parted into two; the vibe Mr. Hine and I were saturating the air with had caused the people surrounding us to distance themselves.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine was wearing more or less the same attire he’d worn during our last encounter. The only difference was how insanely dirty those clothes were. He was all cut up; his clothes had rips here and there. He was covered in mud, and the hems looked worn out and frayed. There were only two rings left on his fingers, and he’d lost one of his swords too. I didn’t need to check his menu to see he had wounds all over.</p>

      <p>“You’re finally here, lad,” said the battered and bruised paladin.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine had been waiting for me. He must have been that sure I’d be crossing through then and there. And that could only mean one of two things: either he was here to block my progress or the opposite. Of course, I knew which of those two possibilities it was. As far as I was aware, the only one who’d tried to chase Lastiara out of the country up until that day had been him. That was why I approached him without hesitation, and he greeted me with a tender smile. As in the past, his smile had been so lovely it had made my spine tingle. And for some reason, I had a feeling the shadow of death was hanging over his face. The man was prepared to give his life. Or that was what the gravitas he was exuding led me to believe. Faintly, his magic energy—</p>

      <p>“Shall we talk as we walk?” he asked.</p>

      <p>After I agreed, he turned his vulnerable back to me and started walking towards the cathedral. I followed him, not even considering attacking him from behind. His expression, his appearance, his behavior—they all screamed that I could be sure he genuinely meant to collaborate with me.</p>

      <p>He asked me another question as we walked. “Now that things have come to this, we have limited options. Do you understand what I mean, lad?”</p>

      <p>“Err... I heard that during the ritual, the fetters binding Lastiara will all disappear. I figured I’d aim for that moment.” I walked beside him, informing him truthfully of my plan.</p>

      <p>“Good. All that’s left is to determine if we’re aiming for that moment to abduct her, or if we’re aiming for that moment to talk down the organizers. It’s one or the other.”</p>

      <p>“Talk down the organizers?”</p>

      <p>“I speak of Chancellor Pheydelt as well as one representative of the Senate. If those two conclude that the ritual can’t take shape, then milady’s death will be averted. Guests of honor and nobles from various nations will be in attendance; if something should befall them, they may have no choice but to cancel or modify the event.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s on the table too.”</p>

      <p>We were already on the threshold; having more options than before had me losing my bearings. I wasn’t ungrateful, but I couldn’t deny it also ushered in some doubt.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine must have taken note of that, since he didn’t coerce me. “Please just keep that in mind as a possible alternative.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>We reached the cathedral’s drawbridge. The masses were buzzing about, waiting for the hour to come. As soon as Lastiara’s ritual was over, the full ceremony would commence inside the cathedral. Citizens eagerly awaited the opening of the fortress’s doors so they could be part of it.</p>

      <p>I turned my gaze towards the building. In the middle of the drawbridge, multiple knights had formed a human wall, their swords drawn. In addition, countless knights could be seen waiting on the raised platforms and rest areas behind that wall. Mr. Hine’s expression didn’t change as he pointed at the main gate and started explaining.</p>

      <p>“We’re going to pass through the main entrance and cross over to the cathedral. I had a look at the other routes yesterday and today, and they’re all too heavily guarded. That being the case, let’s break through the front, where we know where we’re going.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t rebut what he said. As I didn’t know much about the interior, I’d have trouble using any route besides the front entrance anyway. It didn’t change my plans.</p>

      <p>“Okay. Let’s save Lastiara together, Mr. Hine.”</p>

      <p>He smiled faintly and shook his head. “You have the wrong idea, lad,” he said, his expression sad but his voice glad. “You’ll be the one who saves her. The only one.”</p>

      <p>“Only me?”</p>

      <p>“Do you remember what I said in the Dungeon? I did tell you, didn’t I? I’m complicit. And that’s the truth. It was I who indoctrinated her. I knew I was wrong to do so too. I just kept pretending not to see it. I was never able to recognize anything she was feeling inside. I couldn’t comprehend either of them—the Lastiara who made up her mind to do this or the little girl who sought salvation. As such, I’m unqualified to save her.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t quite grasp what he meant by “unqualified.” To me, it looked like he simply felt remorse for neglecting Lastiara’s problems for so long.</p>

      <p>“I don’t think being ‘qualified’ has anything to do with it. If you’re gonna bring that up, I’m not...”</p>

      <p><em>I’m not qualified either.</em> I hadn’t replied when she asked me to save her, and my feelings for her had been taken from me. In fact, I wasn’t sure Lastiara meant quite as much to me as she did Mr. Hine.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true,” he said. “You’ve come to stand where you are after only a few days. It took me three years. That’s how ahead of me you are. That’s truly how small I am compared to you.”</p>

      <p>He quickened his pace as he derided himself. As our walking speeds weren’t the same anymore, I ended up lagging behind. I started walking faster in order to catch up, but it was then that I detected a curious magic energy in his wake. <em>Dimension</em> came into contact with that energy—and I was astonished by its sheer weight. It was so heavy that I might swear he’d peeled off his very soul. I didn’t know why, but I could tell that he’d turned his hand to forbidden magic for Lastiara’s sake.</p>

      <p>On an intuitive level, I understood that he was making use of something akin to a curse, and that it was squeezing the magic energy out of him as payment. I didn’t know why I thought that. Strangely enough, looking at his back filled me with a sense of nostalgia. Like I’d seen that curse somewhere before. Like someone somewhere had paid a similar price...</p>

      <p>Reeled in by that strange nostalgia, I reached out to that energy. And when my magic energy touched his—when the dimension-element magic energy touched the magic energy that was leaking from his soul—the scenery before my eyes warped and contorted. For a fleeting moment, the townscape gave way to another vista, as if the world’s plane of existence had skewed.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine was now walking down a Whoseyards boulevard. Under the bright and sunny skies, the cathedral bridge could be seen a short way off in the distance. We were walking outdoors now; I didn’t need to verify that. And yet, for a moment there, it seemed to my eyes like Mr. Hine was walking down a dim and gloomy underground passage.</p>

      <p>No, it <em>still</em> looked that way. I could see Mr. Hine walking through an underground corridor even now. It was as though two different dimensions were overlapping. It was like a waking dream—but also like a flashback.</p>

      <p>A flashback? Mr. Hine’s?</p>

      <p>I could tell that this phenomenon didn’t stem from “???” but rather from <em>Dimension</em>, which was analyzing the magic energy scraped from his soul. That energy was dense, and the near-infinite scene funneled into my head in the form of information. These were the memories he’d spent with the girl he was now trying to rescue and the memories of why he was so penitent that he would curse this world.</p>

      <p>I viewed his story through my mind’s eye.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>