<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>I could sense a precious memory disappearing. I could feel my emotions being fiddled with. But that was the same as what Maria was experiencing. I couldn’t very well flee from it if she didn’t.</p>

      <p>“At the mercy of threads and oneiric reeling!”</p>

      <p>“At the mercy of threads and oneiric reeling!”</p>

      <p>The magic being crafted was probably the fire snake spell. As things stood now, I knew I should be able to do it too.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve trained my ice magic, come to understand it, strengthened it, risked my life, and added an incantation! Now that I know the source of Maria’s fire, I can cast the same spells!</em></p>

      <p>“Swallow the stars! Flamespell: <em>Midgard Blaze!</em>”</p>

      <p>“Swallow the stars! Icespell: <em>Midgard Freeze!</em>”</p>

      <p>Two serpents were born from our bodies. They streaked through the air and clashed. Neither was corporeal; they were pure heat and pure cold. A flame snake and an ice snake. Due to the collision of opposing elements, they ate away at one another in their attempt to negate each other.</p>

      <p>Their struggle for supremacy lasted for nary a moment. And needless to say, the fire snake was the victor. My spell didn’t have a single advantage over the other. However, the clash did heavily weaken the fire snake. I leaped to the side, and the serpent hit the ground and dispersed.</p>

      <p>I resumed my battle stance right away and forced my screaming body to move in order to close in on her.</p>

      <p><em>I won’t let her use more fire magic. I won’t let her make any more sacrifices.</em></p>

      <p>With this vow, I shifted our fight to close quarters. But in response, the floating mouth of fire incanted. It was Alty’s voice.</p>

      <p>“Shine, flamesword! <em>Flame Flamberge!</em>”</p>

      <p>In concert with Alty’s magic, Maria’s fire sword grew hotter. The flames were now denser; the blade became blue in color and then a dazzling white.</p>

      <p>My sword and her flamberge clashed. Although for a “clash,” I didn’t feel much resistance. And the reason for that was simple: the tip of my blade was melting on contact.</p>

      <p>“Urgh! Spellcast: <em>Ice Flamberge!</em>”<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 219/345</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/657</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 208/332</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/657——</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I had 208 left. Juice in the tank. I wasn’t dead yet.</p>

      <p>I coated my sword in ice, curbing the damage to its blade. However, because I had employed a spell I wasn’t used to, my life force was depleting before my eyes. The life points I’d increased with every level up were converting into magic energy, not unlike a block of ice melting.</p>

      <p>The flame and ice swords locked, sparks of magic flying. I quickly drew my sword back for another swing, but that flash of steel and ice was shunted away by her fire sword. Clearly, Maria’s speed of motion was a different beast from moments prior. By fusing with Alty, all of her abilities had been boosted. Her strength, speed, dexterity, and the precision of her Perception skill were far better now. No matter how many times I swung my sword, all it resulted in was more sparks flying.</p>

      <p>“It was never this painful before, even when I lost my village or when I became a slave! I’d have rather you left me alone from the beginning, before I ever felt this much pain, this much envy, this much sorrow!”</p>

      <p>Every time I heard more about what Maria held in her heart, my body increasingly faltered. I wasn’t going to reply anymore. All of my actions had kept her in a state of torment. I’d made the wrong moves every step of the way. I knew that now.</p>

      <p>“I’d have better off <em>without</em> any hope to begin with! There’s no way I’d be suffering as much as I am now if I’d just died a slave! To be left in the dust despite wanting to get closer, to have someone you want to know more about avoid looking you in the eyes—it’s so painful I might lose my mind!”</p>

      <p>The end result of my blunders was Maria being wound up and played like a puppet by the monster known as Alty. I wanted to kick myself for thinking everything was going swimmingly after saving Lastiara unscathed.</p>

      <p><em>“Everything’s going great”? “I’m so relieved”?</em> I was an idiot.</p>

      <p>I realized then that “???” was creeping in right next to me. With my current mental state, I’d easily be able to activate “???” if I just reached out for it. If I just sacrificed everything in my life outside of the Dungeon, it would all be resolved. If I discarded all of the doubts crowding my brain, it’d give me a simple recourse to follow. I could erase this pain, this sorrow, this rage, this distress. “???” was beckoning to me, a sweet temptation. And If I activated it, I’d almost certainly kill Maria. It would have me kill her.</p>

      <p>That was one choice I absolutely couldn’t make. Seeking comfort was not what I needed to be doing at the moment. Fuck running. It was time to atone for my sins. All that should have been running through my head was delivering the girl in front of me from her suffering. That and nothing else!</p>

      <p>I couldn’t say I was cool or composed, but I collected all the information I had and decided on the course of action to take.</p>

      <p>“That’s all I’ve got left now.”</p>

      <p>Leaving “???” inactivated, I made my choice. Without even incanting, I crafted a spell using just the magic energy in my body. I aimed to wrap Maria in cold, just like I had that morning. I was going to fight by wringing out every ounce of my strength.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Blizzardmensionnnn!</em>”</p>

      <p>I frantically forced myself to stay conscious, constructing my most powerful spell by shaving away my life force. I widened its area of effect so as to engulf Maria, swinging my sword as I stole her heat away. It chilled the whole battlefield colder and colder while it obstructed Maria’s movements.</p>

      <p>The enemy’s heat sources numbered more than a thousand. I got a read on all of them, and in trying to allot my magic power as optimally as possible, my neural pathways set themselves ablaze. My brain sensed danger and dumped a truckload of chemicals. Through every pipe and tube, chemicals coursed in order to quell the pain. I reached past my pain threshold and ascertained all of the heat sources with inhuman processing power.</p>

      <p><em>Blizzardmension</em> sealed Maria’s movements and fire and everything else. Consequently, Maria and Alty’s flames were contained, and I succeeded in dodging her fire sword by a hair’s breadth. My ice sword stopped at her throat. But that was the extent of what I could do. This fight was over. I’d known from the outset that killing Maria wasn’t something I was capable of.</p>

      <p>With her next move, the unhinged Maria informed me that she didn’t care if she got her head chopped off—she tried swinging her sword at me again. I used my free hand to grab her by the wrist and stop her, scorching my palm but refusing to let go. We were now staring at each other up close. And from this close-up, I talked to her nice and gentle. This was probably my final chance. If I didn’t choose my words right, all three of us would die that day.</p>

      <p>But I wasn’t going to make that mistake again.</p>

      <p>“Maria, I’m not going to give it up. However much you tell me you hate it, aiming for the deepest level of the Dungeon is the one thing I can’t relinquish. I’m going to continue diving alongside Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>“I... I don’t wanna go! I don’t wanna go anywhere! I don’t wanna be alone anymore!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I get it. I hate the isolation too. In fact, that’s the very reason I’m so determined to reach the deepest level!”</p>

      <p>I held Maria back as she tried to shake free of my hand and I divulged the truth at the heart of me. Then I let go of the sword I’d been holding at her neck and let it drop to the floor.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>She loosened her grip a tad. As I permeated her body with more and more cold, I stirred up the true intentions I’d kept shrouded within me. I knew that if I spoke of it, the lock on my heart would come undone. This was a fact that threatened to drive me insane just by thinking about it. If I didn’t stuff it deep down, the dams would break on my tears. I’d become unable to contain myself, unable to keep calm and carry on. I was aware of that.</p>

      <p>But it was that sincerity that Maria needed. That was all.</p>

      <p>Suppressing “???” these past few days had proved worth it. Now, I could put my longing for my family into words. The only thing “???” had extracted from me was my feelings for Lastiara.</p>

      <p>I recalled my family—my sister. For a moment, I was dizzy. Merely by facing Hitaki, I was swallowed by anxiety and assailed by a persistent urge to throw up. Yet I was NOT going to activate “???”</p>

      <p>“You heard that right. You’re alone? I’m all alone too! After all, I’m the only one in the world. The only foreign body!”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What are you talking about?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not of this world. I’m just a schoolkid who got called here from a different world far, far away from this one. So I wanna go back home. I wanna go back... I don’t wanna die in this stupid place, where I can’t make heads or tails of anything... I mean, I haven’t got family here! I’m well and truly alone in this world! I was scared! I was so, so scared to die alone in this shithole! That’s why I’ve got no choice but to go to the Dungeon!!!”</p>

      <p>“You’re...not of this world?”</p>

      <p>I looked her in the eye and, recalling the fear that “???” had swept under the rug, I told her about how I’d felt when I had first stumbled through the dark into this world. But what was important wasn’t that fear. I’d pretty much conquered it in the handful of days I had spent with Dia. The nightmare that was afflicting me to this day was a different fear. The true desire I’d gone so far as to lie to myself in order to keep hidden. The reason I was always running from Maria’s feelings. The part of me that I jealously guarded, striving never to think about it. The most important thing to me.</p>

      <p>“I wanna go back to see my baby sister! I love her! I’m lonely here, but more than that, I’m worried to death about her! She and I are the only family we’ve got. She’ll be all alone without me! She can’t fend for herself, yet I’ve been trapped in this stupid world for well over a week now! It’s hard for me too—being on my own. But I know she must be suffering way more than I am! So I NEED to get back! And to do that, I’ve got no choice but to seek a miracle! I need the miracle at the bottom of the Dungeon!”</p>

      <p>“You have a...baby sister?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. She’s the spitting image of you. That’s why I helped you. Why I played favorites with you. I was soothing my own soul! By making you my replacement sister and sticking you at home, I was keeping myself from falling apart! I saved you for the sole purpose of distracting myself!”</p>

      <p>“Ah... Ahh! So that’s why! THAT’S why!”</p>

      <p>Maria’s black hair. Her face and figure. Her age. Her attitude. Her circumstances. They all reminded me of Hitaki. I hadn’t wanted to acknowledge it. I’d tried so hard not to think about it, because just remembering her, just talking, felt like a pair of pliers wrenching my heart out of my chest and twisting it into pretzels. The sister I loved was too far from reach. That was all it took to plunge me into this abject misery. I couldn’t handle the anxiety.</p>

      <p>On the other hand...Maria had been experiencing that pain this whole time. She’d been hurting this way for far too long. And the one who had inflicted that pain on her was me.</p>

      <p>As my hands, my legs, my neck, and my body burned up, I apologized to her. She could char me black if she wanted to. But I was determined to save her, even if my life was forfeit. What point was there in returning if I didn’t free the girl I’d caused so much agony from the fires of her torment?</p>

      <p>My life points were ticking down. My cells perished one by one, and I could taste death on the back of my tongue. Even so, I wasn’t going to stop. I couldn’t stop until my HP reached zero.</p>

      <p>I made my cold saturate Maria ever more thoroughly.</p>

      <p>“Wait...Maria, don’t believe—”</p>

      <p>“Shut up for a second, Ms. Alty!” Maria yelled. From the look of it, she wasn’t about to permit any interruptions now that I was starting to lay it out. From her perspective, she was finally seizing on a thread leading towards the full truth.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Maria. I treated you terribly. I treated you as a sister to the bitter end, even though I knew you had feelings for me. It was what made <em>me</em> the most comfortable, so I kept fleeing in that direction.”</p>

      <p>Maria listened to me apologize with an earnest expression. I told her what I’d made up my mind to tell her without bending the truth in any way.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I’ve made up my mind, Maria.”</p>

      <p>In order to make what had gone so awry turn out better, a price needed to be paid. And I had to be the one to pay it.</p>

      <p>“You can burn my limbs and make me yours. I don’t even mind if I end up dying in the process. If you do one thing for me, you can tear my limbs to shreds right now for all I care.”</p>

      <p>This was the course I’d chosen. Up until now, I’d labored under the assumption that this course and my sister’s salvation were at odds, but I now realized that wasn’t necessarily so.</p>

      <p>“Promise me you’ll reach the deepest level,” I continued. “Swear to me that, come what may, you’ll save my sister in my stead. You’re strong enough now that if you cooperate with Lastiara and the others, you can do it. I know you can...”</p>

      <p>There was no reason <em>I</em> had to be the one. I could leave Hitaki to my trusty comrades. Lastiara had regained her sense of self, and her talent was beyond exceptional. She also had the aptitude to be a leader. I could put my faith in her, and best of all, she was a diver who didn’t covet the miracle of the deepest level for herself. I also had Ms. Radiant, Mr. Hine, and Dia. If those five combined their powers, they could surely reach the deepest level. If Maria inherited my will, then I didn’t mind if the curtain closed on my battles in this world in such a way. She could be the one to fulfill the contract I’d made with Lastiara. At the end of the day, the feelings of the diver named Siegfried Vizzita were unimportant. Nor was it important that I remained in perfectly good health. Even my “Great Return” was far from essential.</p>

      <p>What was important? My sister’s happiness and only my sister’s happiness. That was the one true desire of Aikawa Kanami.</p>

      <p>“My real name is Aikawa Kanami. My sister’s name is Hitaki. If you manage to reach my world, I want you to search for her. If you save Hitaki for me, I don’t need anything else.”</p>

      <p>It was, without a doubt, a dumb idea. It was a choice I would never have been allowed to make if “???” had triggered. But that was how people who were backed into a corner functioned. On the verge of death, if they still had their emotions and were able to waver—as was good and proper—then they could make a choice like this. They could stake their lives on an illogical and slender thread of hope. They could dream.</p>

      <p>“Kanami... Master’s name is Aikawa Kanami...”</p>

      <p>No “???” No “Siegfried Vizzita.” This was the answer that plain old Aikawa Kanami gave her. And she was repeating my name, digesting it.</p>

      <p>“Aikawa, Kanami...”</p>

      <p>Her fire was weakening. Her fire sword fell apart, unable to maintain its shape. I sensed the kindling coals that were in her heart gradually fading. It was as I’d thought: what she needed from me now was the genuine me.</p>

      <p><em>Blizzardmension</em> stole away even more of her heat as it weakened the chaos that dwelled within her body.</p>

      <p>“Yep. I’m not gonna torment you anymore. And I won’t let your crush become some ‘love tragedy.’ I’ll be yours. And that’ll put a ribbon on everything,” I declared as I continued cooling her body.</p>

      <p>Hearing that, Maria let her flame brand dissipate and gently leaned against me. She buried her head in my chest and happily called my name.</p>

      <p>“Kanami... Kanami! Mr. Kanami. Mr. Kanami’s name is Kanami!”</p>

      <p>Using the hand that had once held a sword, I stroked her head. She looked up with tear-choked eyes and fixed her gaze on me. And then, she shouted. She confessed.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami, I like you! I love you! I like how kind you can be. I like how soft you can be. I like how pathetic you can be. I like how timid you can be. I like how childish you can be. I just like you! I like everything about you! I finally remembered!”</p>

      <p>Yep. She looked like her. She looked a lot like her. It hadn’t eluded me. And now, I could say it out loud. Maria looked like Hitaki, so I wanted to save her, whatever it took.</p>

      <p>“I like you as family, as a big brother! And of course, I also like you as a <em>boy</em> too! So please! Please be with me forever and ever!”</p>

      <p>I got the feeling that the temperature rose in concert with her shouting. The emotions she was belting out turned to fire and swirled around us. I raised my guard a little, wary that her confusion might increase again. But I could feel it in my bones—those worries were groundless. This was not the black fire of despair. It was the red fire of joy.</p>

      <p>“Yep, I’m yours now. I promise I’ll never leave you alone. Please forgive me.”</p>

      <p>I took her into my arms and, drawing on all of my emotions, I chilled her with the coldest cold I could muster. She didn’t fight it. I had never seen the look on her face she had as she hugged me tight.</p>

      <p>“You feel so nice and cold.”</p>

      <p>With those words, her flames disappeared entirely. I could feel the ardor burning in her body vanish as well. Having regurgitated the emotions she’d balled up inside her, she whispered to me, her voice newly unburdened.</p>

      <p>“You finally, finally see me... I can finally feel you by my side through my skin...”</p>

      <p>Those words were everything. All I’d had to do was look Maria in the face and be next to her. Infatuation and envy, fire and confusion—none of that fussy stuff was necessary. Speaking the truth to each other—that was all we ever needed...<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Mind Taint 0.12, Confusion 0.38, Memory Impairment 0.48</code></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>