<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_4">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Of course. You are my best friend, after all.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know how the two of them had spent their time together. To me, Alty was nothing more than the monster that had driven Maria insane. But Maria called her her best friend. And for some reason, some part of my heart prickled with pain.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, if that’s true, then surely, that role was...</em></p>

      <p>Alty had some parting words for me too.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, don’t pick on Maria, okay? ’Cause I’ll be watching.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know Alty well enough to know what to say to that. More accurately, I’d never <em>tried</em> to learn more about her. That was all there was to it.</p>

      <p>Alty heaved a sigh at my silence, but she seemed satisfied somehow. She didn’t say anything else beyond that. She looked up at the sky with a gratified expression. It had turned cloudy from all of the flames and smoke, but she stared at that shroud of gray as though it were dazzlingly bright. And slowly but surely, her fire converted into light.</p>

      <p>“Man, this feeling’s the pits. But this time around, I guess I was able to say what I wanted to say. And may...be...that’s good e...nough...” she muttered to the sky and no one in particular. As she faded into light, her words broke up. “I did...my...best...”</p>

      <p>With that, she disappeared from this mortal coil. Then a magic gem fell into Maria’s hands, but it instantly lost its shape and turned into a small ember before her body could absorb it.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【TITLE UNLOCKED: SOOT-DRUDGE OF FIRE】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+0.50 to Fire Magic</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The notification hit my retinas, informing me that the monster by the name of Alty was definitively dead.</p>

      <p><em>It’s over...</em></p>

      <p>Having lost its master, the fire surrounding the area began to weaken. At the same time, it started raining. Drops of water falling from cloudy skies, intent on making it seem as though this arena of flame had never been.</p>

      <p>“Rain...”</p>

      <p>If the flames were to be extinguished, the Vart soldiers that had previously been unable to approach the hill would be able to. I hurried closer to Maria, determined to flee before that happened.</p>

      <p>“Are you okay, Maria? Your eyes...”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. I can see as long as there’s fire. But are <em>you</em> okay, Mr. Kanami?”</p>

      <p>She created a space in the palms of her hands, and in that space, she fashioned a flame. I didn’t know when she’d learned how to do that, but it had to be the same ability as Alty’s. Using that technique, she could gather information on our surroundings.</p>

      <p>“I’m all right,” I replied. “More importantly, let’s get out of here. Once the fire’s gone, people are gonna start gathering here.”</p>

      <p>To be frank, my consciousness was threatening to slip if at any point I let my guard down, which was something I couldn’t allow. Not after getting to this point. I couldn’t afford to conk out until we’d left Vart and secured our safety. If at all possible, I wanted to join back up with Lastiara and the others before the day was out. Together, there would be nothing left to fear. Everything would be back to the way it was before. We’d gone through a lot, but I’d recovered Maria, and with that, we could revert things to normal.</p>

      <p>Maria and I spurred ourselves forward despite being exhausted enough to collapse on the spot, and we started walking—</p>

      <p>Until we heard someone clapping their hands in applause.</p>

      <p>The cold hand of terror sent a chill down my spine. I heard the clapping coming from one section of the now-weakened flames. And from beyond those flames, a man came ambling towards us.</p>

      <p>“Congratulations, Sieg. Or maybe I should call you Aikawa Kanami?”</p>

      <p>It was the knight named Palinchron Regacy.</p>

      <p>“Palinchron? What’re you doing?!”</p>

      <p>I thought he’d been chasing Lastiara’s group. And yet he’d appeared before us as though he had been waiting for just the right time.</p>

      <p>“Things on my end ended pretty quickly. A bunch of stuff happened, but it cooled down, so I figured I’d mosey on over.”</p>

      <p><em>Things...ended?</em></p>

      <p>Did that mean Lastiara’s group had been defeated? But that couldn’t be. They were all wounded, sure, but each of them was stronger than Palinchron. Besides, he looked rather dissatisfied. It seemed to me like something he hadn’t seen coming had stymied him, causing him to come back here in short order.</p>

      <p>He glanced at his blood-soaked blade and remembered something. An unpleasant memory...</p>

      <p>Not that his dissatisfaction was any concern of mine. I promptly considered our escape routes. In all honesty, I was confident that I could take him in a fight. I would only have to sacrifice a little more of my max HP, and I could beat him without taking a hit.</p>

      <p><em>But I don’t want to fight.</em></p>

      <p>My instincts were imploring me not to engage this man. The only direction in which to flee was opposite him. But that was the direction Whoseyards was in. More importantly, Maria’s AGI didn’t exceed Palinchron’s. If we tried to merely flee, he’d just catch up.</p>

      <p>The gears in my head spun furiously. I used Analyze on his each and every move.</p>

      <p>In response, he declared the following, his expression calm and untroubled: “Congratulations, Kanami. I commend you for overcoming the Decimal Trial—and the tenth floor of the Dungeon. But it’s not over yet. Your trial’s not over yet. You’re still in the Dungeon. Oh, I know, I’ll ape the whole introductory remark thing.”</p>

      <p>The trial wasn’t over? Introductory remarks? Chills down my spine. I could swear the rain looked <em>black.</em></p>

      <p>“Starting now, yes, starting now, this very space <em>is</em> the twentieth floor. The floor of Tida, Thief of Darkness’s Essence. Forgive the hasty construction and my being on a work trip, so to speak, but think of this place as the Dungeon’s twentieth floor. Now then, while it’s a little belated, shall we begin the Vigesimal Trial?”</p>

      <p>Palinchron brandished his blood-soaked blade, like it made all the sense in the world.</p>

      <p>The Day of the Blessed Birth wasn’t over yet...</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>