<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Got it!”</p>

      <p>I put my strength into my legs and stamped the ground with enough power to gouge it as I blasted ahead. On the way in, various gusts of wind passed me from behind, knocking out the knights who were barring my path. Glancing to my side, I saw the knights on the elevated watchposts getting blown away and dropping like flies. Mr. Hine’s precision and speed were terrifying. To me, it served as a nice tailwind. There had to have been more than a hundred knights waiting at the gate, but thanks to him, we were able to leave them all behind in the space of a few seconds.</p>

      <p>I made a beeline along the road, which was paved with gems and featured garden shrubs on either side. There were no signs of any knights giving chase from behind. It seemed my ally was keeping them occupied. However, my magic detected figures approaching from the right. Another band of knights appeared to be on my tail. Not that that group would ever catch up to me. The gap between our AGI stats was too wide to cover the distance.</p>

      <p>Just when I was feeling relieved, I sensed a shadow popping out of that group. No, it wasn’t <em>one</em> shadow. It was a rider clinging to the back of his or her steed, and they were heading my way alarmingly, recklessly fast. <em>Dimension</em> informed me of their identities: it was the semifer knight Sera Radiant in wolf form and the magic-sword knight Ragne Kyquora, two of the Seven Celestial Knights. I increased my own speed, but the gap was closing. My AGI was greater than an ordinary person’s, but my opponent’s speed was, I had to say, greater than your average beast’s. No sooner did I sense that they’d reached the spot on the other side of the trees, right by the road I was charging down, than Raggie’s magic energy swelled.</p>

      <p>A blade made of pure magic stretched from beyond the trees, with every intention of stabbing me. The extendable magic sword was one application of her specialty, which was manipulating magic energy itself. I’d faced this before. That experience, combined with the fact that <em>Dimension</em> informed me of the blade’s approach in advance, allowed me to bend out of the way right in the nick of time. The blade cut down several trees in an instant before quickly retracting. This was the first time I’d been witness to that sword cutting something—I had to beware of its sheer sharpness. If it touched me, it’d easily sever a limb or two.</p>

      <p>After the surprise attack, the two knights cut in front, showing themselves to block my way. Thanks to the AGI gap, there was nothing I could do to prevent it. Raggie, a short-haired young teen, was riding on Ms. Radiant’s back.</p>

      <p>“Err, uhh, please stop there, Mister...kid from the other day!”</p>

      <p>There was no tension in her voice. But not one atom in me was thinking about stopping. I didn’t slow down; I made to rush right past them.</p>

      <p>“Ah, hey! Wait up!” Disconcerted, Raggie crafted her magic-energy sword and extended its blade at my feet.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Freeze</em>.”</p>

      <p>I’d basically already gotten used to Raggie’s magic and battle techniques. Avoiding the blade, I grabbed the energy sword in my hands. Next, the cold air from <em>Freeze</em>, which had pooled inside <em>Calculash</em>, poured into the magic blade. In no time at all, it was frozen to the root by the biting cold produced by the ice magic I’d spent so much time refining.</p>

      <p>“Augh, so cold!”</p>

      <p>Naturally, her sword hand also froze over. Then she put her strength into her sword hand...and lifted it up.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Unable to release the frozen sword of energy, she was dragged up into the air by it. With that, I flung her into the thicket.</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on, augh, gah, yeeaaaaargh!” Raggie shrieked as she soared through the air, crumpling somewhere in the distance.</p>

      <p><em>Judging by her level, that won’t kill her. I think...</em></p>

      <p>I tried to run past Ms. Radiant. Needless to say, her fangs and claws came at me; she wouldn’t let me pass without a fight. Accurately gauging the timing with <em>Calculash</em>, I dodged her blows by paper-thin margins. Then I took the bag of spices from out of my inventory and sprinkled its contents. If she was as beastlike as she looked, it would work wonders, as it was highly likely that she was following me through the power of her nose.</p>

      <p>“Gurgh, graaahhhhhh!” she bellowed.</p>

      <p>Radiant’s wolf form started mutating; I could see she was changing back into humanoid form. A human hand rubbed the spices from her nose. The sight of Ms. Radiant not wearing a single thread of clothing shook me, but I soon snapped out of it and retrieved my beloved sword from my inventory. Seeing that, she transformed one of her hands into a lupine foreleg and howled.</p>

      <p>“Rahhh! Why?! Why are you doing this, you... YOUUUU!!!”</p>

      <p>“Would you please behave yourself a little?!”</p>

      <p>Ms. Radiant’s claw sliced vainly, and my sword alone drew blood. I nicked her arms and legs and pushed her head to the ground with my free hand.</p>

      <p>“Gah!”</p>

      <p>Leaving the groaning Ms. Radiant in my wake, I resumed my sprint towards the cathedral. Behind me, I could sense her transforming into a wolf again and trying to run after me. However, it seemed that her brain had gotten a nasty shake, and her body was failing to cooperate. Even if she could run, she wouldn’t be as fast as before due to the lacerations on her limbs. She was out of the picture now. I could rest assured that the road was mine.</p>

      <p>After passing through the road lined with trees on each side, I came out into an open garden. There was a large fountain in the center, along with rows of flower beds of different varieties. A familiar knight was waiting there alongside a retinue of about ten other knights. It was Hopes Jokul, a middle-aged knight sporting a head of gray hair.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hopes greeted me with the same flippant smile as he had during our prior encounter. He immediately drew his sword and swung his arm sideways in the same fluid motion. The knights behind him started incanting at the same time. Upon closer inspection, all the knights behind Mr. Hopes were wearing comparatively light equipment and carrying staffs studded with gems. I didn’t have to use Analyze to surmise that these knights leaned more towards magic.</p>

      <p>I ignored it all and sped up in order to blow past them. But of course, Mr. Hopes stood in my way. Now, another of the Seven Celestial Knights was barring the path forward. But I didn’t slow down. I was confident that I could cut him down as I passed by. I swung my blade without easing up on my momentum. Just like last time, Mr. Hopes tried to parry it while falling back at the same time. That move was never going to beat me; the only thing that he could expect after retreating was a full-momentum flash of steel from me. While he had forced me to waste slightly more time on this duel, I had him in checkmate.</p>

      <p>But that was only true if this fight was one-on-one. When Mr. Hopes lost his balance due to his constant retreat and my sword strike hit him, the knights in the back fired their spell. All the water in the fountain floated up into the air and rained down towards me. I dodged it by jumping sideways. Unsurprisingly, Mr. Hopes used that chance to regain his footing. Then, he slowly moved forward, brandishing his sword anew.</p>

      <p><em>They’re obviously just buying time.</em></p>

      <p>I gave it some thought. I’d grown to the point where I could freeze all of the water that was being controlled. The groundwork for that had been laid, as the <em>Freeze</em> spell gathered inside my <em>Calculash</em> packed that powerful a punch. If I wanted to go about this in the fastest way possible, I could. But I decided to leave that card in my hand for the Celestial Knights I had never encountered before. It wasn’t a given that the power wielded by the knights in the back was limited to water magic.</p>

      <p>I switched my sword to my left hand and fetched some throwing stones from my inventory. I threw the stones at the knights behind Mr. Hopes with all my might, aiming for the crowns of their heads. Several took projectiles to the head and were knocked unconscious. My STR stat made any stones I tossed into deadly weapons. There were knights who didn’t collapse after taking a direct hit, though. They were relatively high-level, but then again, we were talking about pebbles here.</p>

      <p>“Twin lines!” shouted Mr. Hopes upon seeing I’d chosen to attack them from afar.</p>

      <p>The knights immediately formed two lines, with those in the front defending and those in the back incanting. I could only admire the way they flowed like a regiment. And I could tell that breaking through would not be easy. I tried throwing stones again, but the bullets were deflected by those in the front row and never reached the incanting knights behind them. I broke into a cold sweat, but not because I was afraid of the enemy’s strength. It was because I knew I could no longer hold back. If I just wanted to break through, consequences be damned, I could hurl the spare swords in my inventory at them. Forget about the knights in the front, it’d skewer the ones in the back too. But that’d almost definitely kill them.</p>

      <p>For but a short moment, I hesitated. Then I settled on a compromise. I took out a spare sword from my inventory and tried to fling it with all my might at body parts that wouldn’t spell instant death. Even if I avoided the vitals, chances were good that this would lead to deaths regardless. Yet, since I’d made up my mind to save Lastiara, I couldn’t allow myself to waver.</p>

      <p>However, as soon as Mr. Hopes saw that I’d fetched a blade from my inventory, he reversed course on his fight-while-retreating tactic and came swinging. He too must have thought that getting blades thrown at them sounded catastrophic. I slashed the back of his hand and made him drop his sword. It was a cakewalk to defeat Mr. Hopes when he was on the offensive. Upon dropping his sword, he immediately shouted for mercy.</p>

      <p>“We... We surrender! This is too much! If you’re this resolved, I can’t win! So please, do what you want; just don’t throw that sword at us with your donkey strength!”</p>

      <p>Raising his stinging hands in surrender, Mr. Hopes showed he had no intention of resisting any longer. The knights in the rear were in shock that their commander would give in. They made a stir and expressed their will to fight to the bitter end.</p>

      <p>“We’re still in this, Captain! We really found our legs from this poi—”</p>

      <p>“You don’t get it. We’re no match for him! He’s been holding back so we don’t get badly injured. Ten squads wouldn’t be enough to stop him. Throw down your weapons! Do it! If we stand our ground, we’ll drop like flies. Aghh, this is so stupid...”</p>

      <p>The knights put their weapons on the ground and left. They looked like they were chewing on bitter cud the whole while.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much,” I said. “Now, if I may.” With that, I broke back into a run.</p>

      <p>“Sorry about that. About taking advantage of your goodwill. But I did manage to buy nearly twenty seconds against you. You’d best hurry along now.”</p>

      <p>I heard Mr. Hopes’s voice behind me. His tone seemed almost encouraging. I felt like I now understood a little bit more about his personality and position in Whoseyards.</p>

      <p>I passed by the disarmed knights and rushed ever onward. I couldn’t respond to his words of encouragement; I hadn’t a second to spare. And so I passed through the central courtyard.</p>

      <p>I had to have been more than halfway through the cathedral now. I’d heard that if I kept going, I’d run across a grandiose staircase shaped like the letter T and another shaped like an upside-down T.</p>

      <p>Running down the road decorated with jewels and flowers, I finally reached the front of the staircase. A battalion of more than twenty knights was waiting there. At the head of the group was a knight who radiated the vibe of a formidable soldier. His equipment was on the light side, not unlike that of the magic-wielding knights from just before. What made his being a mage especially obvious was the fact that he used not only the sword at his waist but also a staff decorated with a gem. He was most likely another one of the Celestial Knights, and he was the first among them I’d seen who seemed to specialize in magic. He was a man with several long braids of hair and looked around forty years old, about the same height as me. I was about to use Analyze on him, but I stopped myself. Looking at the menu of an enemy was standard practice at first sight. But I deliberately chose not to.</p>

      <p>Luckily, the conditions were right. I’d decided to use my new spell if I ever concluded that the enemy was magic-oriented. As such, I didn’t even bother using Analyze, instead spending that time to construct my spell. I was confident that if I used the biggest spell in my current arsenal, I could prevent the enemy from doing anything to me.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension</em>, spellcast: <em>Freeze</em>, fusion!”</p>

      <p>The domain of my perception magic now encompassed the entirety of the enemy battalion. At the same time, the freezing air generated by my ice magic engulfed them. It was the same line of thinking behind <em>Snowmension</em>. The only real difference was the scale. With <em>Snowmension</em>, I put the icy air inside dimensional magic that was molded into the shape of bubbles. This time, however, I was putting that frigidity into dimensional magic molded into the shape of a great big area of effect!</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension</em>!”</p>

      <p>I stood at the center of the spherical domain, which was fifty meters in diameter. Inside the domain, it was the dead of winter. In this world dominated by winter’s chill, the performance of my ice magic improved dramatically. Needless to say, lowering the temperature alone wasn’t this spell’s true selling point. No, its real value lay in impeding the matter within the area of effect.</p>

      <p>I sensed that the knight ahead of me, who was likely a Celestial Knight, was trying to cast a spell. I controlled the cold air in my bid to block it. The picture in my head was straightforward. As I hailed from a world of advanced science, I interpreted ice magic as magic that manipulated the kinetic energy of atoms. If the kinetic energy fell to zero, things froze. I wielded my ice magic using a mental image of pinning down the vibrations of atoms, based on my admittedly shallow, trivial understanding of the science. In any case, I extrapolated the atom-stopping magic into magic that quelled the motion of magic energy. Luckily, I had a firm grasp of the enemy’s magic energy thanks to my dimensional magic, which made picturing the spell in action child’s play.</p>

      <p>I repressed the magic energy of the knights within <em>Wintermension</em>’s domain and shifted their magic formulas little by little so that they couldn’t properly construct their spells. The knights felt a tad cold and a middling sense of discomfort, but they fired their spells nonetheless—only to regard their own magic with astonishment. Each spell in their volley was visibly waning. There were even some misfires mixed in. Here, a fireball the size of a match’s flame; there, a water bullet with pitiful flying distance, and a shock wave that amounted to a barely perceptible tremor. They were the shadows of spells that could have been, and not one reached me. The spell fired by the commanding knight proved no different.</p>

      <p>I grinned at the greater-than-expected success, deflecting the feeble excuses for spells with my sword in one hand as I rushed to slash the commander. Panicked, he tried to draw his sword, but <em>Wintermension</em> got in the way. Hindering the movement of the enemy was its second effect.</p>

      <p>Given that it could suppress magic energy, it was also possible for the spell to hold back the flesh. But unlike with something as fine and subtle as magic energy, there was more of a limit on how much it could stifle the enemy’s body. From their point of view, it’d be a slight feeling that something was off. But even just that much instilled immeasurable anxiety in those who dealt in battles and blades.</p>

      <p>The knight had probably perfected the motion of drawing his sword by drilling it over and over again, and the spell yielded a slip in that technique. A modest slip, but a slip regardless. In fact, <em>Wintermension</em> had the most pronounced effect on precisely those targets who had drilled techniques into their bodies through steady hard work. As a result, the commander had trouble drawing his blade. At a guess, it took him more than twice the time it normally did. And before my AGI stat, that slipup was fatal.</p>

      <p>As the commander brandished his blade, mine was already swinging for him without mercy. The magic gem-studded staff was laterally sliced in two, and I even nicked him across the chest. Then I slashed the back of the hand that was holding the sword, sending the blade flying. It seemed that this commander was as he appeared—a magic specialist who was weak at close-quarters combat.</p>

      <p>I bashed him in the solar plexus with the hilt of my sword and swept out his legs. My STR stat was such that the force caused him to regurgitate. He fainted in pain and toppled to the floor. There’d be no more out of him, or his squad, for that matter.</p>

      <p>Having lost their commander, the knights were in disarray. Their formation broke down, and they attacked me in a disconnected fashion, which made them no threat. I dashed up the stairs as I rendered the nearby knights helpless, then went up the T-shaped staircase, doubled back, and climbed the upside-down T-shaped staircase, leaving only the straight-line staircase left. That last one, however, loomed long. I could see around a hundred steps, and those were just the ones I could make out.</p>

      <p>I spotted a single knight standing halfway up the steps. It was a giant figure clad in thick, jet-black armor. The full-face helmet occluded their gender and age from view. After drawing their huge black sword, they stared at me through the gap in their visor. My gut told me this, too, was one of the Seven Celestial Knights. Repeated battles with the knights had refined my sense for them, but what really clinched it was the fact they were standing alone on the steps in front of the cathedral. That served as the best proof. Defending the final line of defense without any aid? That could only mean one thing.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Pelsiona Quaygar</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 421/434</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 105/105</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 27</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 10.98</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 9.72</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 8.55</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 10.09</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 9.32</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 6.56</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.56</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 1.88, Holy Magic 1.95</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Pelsiona Quaygar,” this black knight, was the strongest of the seven!</p>

      <p>I kept running, as I had concluded that there was no need to hold back. My menu-sight communicated just how stout this black knight was in both stats and skills. They had no gimmicks or specializations, just two solid skills and high stats across the board, reminiscent of a paladin in one of the video games I used to play. From a distance, I activated <em>Wintermension</em>. The spell couldn’t be said to be fuel efficient, but against a powerful, never-before-seen enemy, I couldn’t afford to be stingy.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension</em>!”</p>

      <p>“Blestspell: <em>Growth</em>.”</p>

      <p>In response, the black knight incanted some holy magic. I maneuvered the cold air to block it from happening. I remembered <em>Growth</em> from when Ms. Radiant had used it against me during our duel.</p>

      <p>Try as I might to suppress the spell with my ice magic; that tactic didn’t work well against support spells that worked inside the body. If the magic power was out of the body, I could interfere with it plenty, but the difficulty jumped up quite a few levels otherwise. As a result, the black knight succeeded in strengthening their body with <em>Growth</em> unimpeded.</p>

      <br/>

      <br/>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【CONDITION】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Body Boost 0.67</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>And, the instant we both finished casting our support spells, our swords clashed. I didn’t put much strength into it, as I knew beforehand that I was inferior when it came to our STR stats, and above all else, our relative positions on the staircase made a contest of strength unfavorable for me.</p>

      <p>The black knight had the high ground, and that put me at an overwhelming disadvantage for a trial of might. As such, I parried the strike by shifting their blade back and to the left. But the momentum failed to carry the enemy’s sword away—my opponent wasn’t swinging with all their might either.</p>

      <p>Instead, they quickly pulled back and shored up any openings. That one exchange was all it took for me to realize how formidable they really were. I also realized that coming up with some breakthrough in a short span of time wasn’t currently in the cards. I had to commit to either consuming more MP or spending a long time fighting this person.</p>

      <p>I made the snap decision to do the former. I knew from experience that if the chips were down, I could spend points from my max HP to wring out more magic. I drew back a bit and took advantage of the time and distance it afforded me to craft my next spells. Due to having deployed <em>Wintermension</em> already, the construction of my bigger-than-ever ice spells went smoothly.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Snowmension</em>. Spellcast: <em>Form</em>!”</p>

      <p>“Blestspell: <em>Divine Wave</em>.”</p>

      <p>It rained magical bubbles and snow in my winter world—bubbles and snow that popped and disappeared thanks to the black knight’s shock wave. The ice magic dissipated, turning into tiarlay, or snow composed of magic energy, which dyed the grand staircase white. The black knight’s discernment and reaction time made me tremble with fear. If, in response to my drawing back, my opponent had closed in, I would have prepared to counter.</p>

      <p>However, they had chosen not to pursue. Without moving a single step, they’d eyed my magic, ascertained the correct response, and instantly cast the perfect spell. In addition, they’d deemed that <em>Wintermension</em> couldn’t hinder them while I was constructing another spell.</p>

      <p>The gap in our combat experience couldn’t have been clearer. Left with no other choice, I discarded the idea of fighting head-on and moved a significant distance to the side. Since they were wearing heavy equipment, my plan was to leave them behind through my relatively unencumbered speed. Yet the black knight followed suit without any trouble.</p>

      <p>Considering their stats, I had known outrunning them was hoping against hope. But I couldn’t believe such a colossal hunk of metal could actually keep up with my dead sprint until I saw it with my own eyes. Their already high STR and AGI were further enhanced by that buff spell, making them an absolute monster. Perhaps due to the influence of their physique, the heavy equipment they wore was no encumbrance. Moreover, as a knight with a wealth of experience, it made sense for them to pick the best equipment for the job, and that was probably what their heap of steel was.</p>

      <p>Running alongside me, they swung at me with their black sword. I didn’t block it with my blade, opting to dodge it instead. It missed me by a hair’s breadth. So long as they surpassed me in strength, sword-on-sword clashes were to be avoided.</p>

      <p>However, that decision led to a less-than-stellar turn. The black sword swung through the air, the blow landing on the stone staircase, sending fragments flying. The knight’s full body armor protected them, but I was clad in mere cloth. To me, it’d be like getting hit by gunfire. Any shard striking, say, my head would open me up to attack, so I had no choice but to deflect the shards using my sword.</p>

      <p>The black knight came at me with a slash. I evaded, fleeing down a considerable number of steps. Once again, the staircase ate the blow. The destruction caused smoke to rise up, and the knight stood still amid the smoke; they didn’t give chase. They were determined to deny me passage.</p>

      <p>It was too dark to see past their visor, but I could tell they were still observing me. They must have calmly ascertained the situation. At this rate, if they kept buying more and more time, I’d be the one in trouble. And though Mr. Hine had my back, I couldn’t say I was totally unafraid about more comers arriving from behind.</p>

      <p>Time to recalculate. I’d decided not to hold back my magic, but I had skimped on the MP. I had yet to use all of my new magic. After getting a read on my surroundings, I tightened <em>Wintermension</em> from around a hundred meters in diameter to around three. Then I infused that field with an excessive amount of magic energy. This was <em>Wintermension</em>’s ideal form. If my opponent wasn’t mainly a magic user, and if they fought one-on-one at close range, then this was the optimal form—</p>

      <p>High-density cold air flowed out from my body, and the ground under me froze over. I sensed the black knight’s breath catching, most likely out of surprise by my magical power exceeding their expectations. However, this power was only natural for me. My stats bore it out. I was no swordsman or knight. I was a mage who commanded space and ice.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Blizzardmensioooooon</em>!!!”</p>

      <p>All I did was pour more MP into it, but I went ham, going so far as to change the name of the spell. Then I put my strength in my legs and kicked off the floor, charging with the same speed as moments ago. This time, things were different. My speed hadn’t changed, but theirs had. Anyone who entered <em>Blizzardmension</em>’s area of effect slowed down as though they were trudging through snow in the dead of winter. When that area had been a hundred meters in diameter, the hindrance to movement had been little more than a sense of discomfort. But now, the level of obstruction had risen precipitously.</p>

      <p>At the moment, the black knight was probably experiencing a sensation akin to being in a different time stream than me. This was the true worth of the mage of space and ice, Aikawa Kanami.</p>

      <p>Slowed to a crawl, the black blade swished through empty air. Taking advantage of the opening this created, I jumped right in front of the black knight. They threw away their black sword and tried to pin me using both arms. But I saw it all coming. This realm of concentrated winter was also within <em>Calculash</em>, and my close-combat perception abilities worked the same as ever.</p>

      <p>And now everything about the black knight was slow. Too slow. I sidestepped their arms and passed my sword through a gap between the joints of their armor. I didn’t pierce them deeply, but I did take the liberty of stabbing just deep enough to impede their actions. In addition, I sent cold air through the gap, aiming to inflict frostbite, and I froze their armor’s joints, setting them in place so their limbs couldn’t bend.</p>

      <p>When I was done having my way with them, what stood there was a mass of frozen armor. Still, the black knight’s fighting spirit didn’t abate; the armor creaked as they tried to face me. But I finished them off by pushing their back. The giant lump of steel couldn’t stay upright and rolled down the stairs, clattering and rattling and smashing the steps as they descended. It was like seeing a gigantic lump of iron roll down the stairs with rattles. I watched the heavier-than-I-thought black knight fall, my brow beaded with sweat.</p>

      <p><em>That won’t kill them...I hope.</em></p>

      <p>That was it. The end. I canceled <em>Blizzardmension</em> and switched back to the wider-area <em>Dimension</em>. The fight with the black knight lasted about ten seconds, but even so, the knights downstairs had reached a short distance away. Then again, I could see they’d stopped in their tracks, gawping at the sorry spectacle that was the black knight tumbling down. I heard people downstairs calling for them to be healed.</p>

      <p>I tried running up the stairs, but I staggered a little. After all, <em>Blizzardmension</em> did more than consume MP. It also put a heavy burden on my brain. That spell required the user to maintain a constant grasp of the enemy’s movements and continually allot magic energy there. Sure, I was a deft hand at calculating things, but keeping other people in check this way ran my brain ragged. I was right: the spell was only suited for one-on-one fights, and short ones at that.</p>

      <p>However, perhaps because of that, I was able to emerge from the fight unscathed. As I had no healing spells at my disposal, and since there was a possibility I’d have to flee with Lastiara in tow, preventing injuries was of the essence. I climbed all the way up the stairs, still unsteady on my feet. There was a flower garden that resembled the courtyard where I’d fought Mr. Hopes, though it wasn’t as wide as its downstairs counterpart, and soon I reached the grandiose and imposing cathedral.</p>

      <p>A man was standing in front of the entrance. Thus far, I’d made it past five knights whom I assumed to be part of the Seven Celestial Knights. Excluding Mr. Hine, that left the seventh. The one I had yet to run across until now.</p>

      <p>Palinchron Regacy clapped his hands, applauding me. His expression was commending, and his lips were curled. “Keh heh, I knew you were a riot. You’re in the nick of time, laddie. Welcome to the Cathedral of Whoseyards.”</p>

      <p>That smug face was insufferable. I had my suspicions he was the one who’d cast that spell on Maria too, but I had no evidence. I swallowed the urge to attack him. “I don’t love that I’m dancing to your tune, but I’ve come to take Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>“Excellent response.” He snapped his fingers, and the doors of the cathedral opened unaided. The magical power enveloping the building dissipated, and I could sense that some kind of magic formula was being lifted. “All right, that’s the cathedral’s obstacles and barrier dispelled. Granted, I’m sure you’d have been fine either way, but consider this a freebie from me. You’re the Hero of Destiny who’s gonna save the princess, after all.”</p>

      <p>I kept listening as I walked, passing by Palinchron without letting my guard down. I entered the cathedral and proceeded through the uninhabited entrance hall. Weirdly, there was no one inside.</p>

      <p>“There’s nobody around.”</p>

      <p>“They must have peace of mind just from the barrier and the knights outside. Even if there were anyone in here, they wouldn’t be able to put up a fight. Keeping away’s easier.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron’s abilities and character were dubious, but going by his dispelling the barrier and clearing away the people, I at least knew that he was cooperating with me.</p>

      <p>“So, are you lending me a hand too?”</p>

      <p>Unlike Mr. Hine, Palinchron didn’t seem to have any affection for Lastiara. But the guy nodded like it went without saying.</p>

      <p>“Of course, laddie. As a token of my respect for the Hero of Destiny who made it this far, I’m gonna look after ya in more ways than one. I just put the barrier back up. That way, I can buy you time until the folks trailing you are able to enter, ya hear?”</p>

      <p>I was grateful for that, but I couldn’t trust him. As I went straight through the cathedral interior, I never took a wary eye off him.</p>

      <p>“First things first, use your detection magic and try pinpointing the shrine room where the ritual’s being held. It’ll likely soon be canceled, but I’m sure you agree that a grasp of the situation’s important. Oh, and I’ll be watching your back, so don’t worry. It’ll take a little bit longer for the knights to be on your heels.”</p>

      <p>“They’re still after me? You can sense stuff that’s that far away?”</p>

      <p>“The range of my detection magic’s probably wider than yours. I’ve gotta say, that Hine’s incredible,” he remarked, his tone light. “He’s holding them back all on his own. Shouldn’t you get on with it, for his sake as well as your own?”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know if the words coming out of this joker’s mouth were true or not, but I had no doubt that Mr. Hine was indeed putting his all into keeping our enemies tied up. I hurriedly used <em>Dimension</em> to find the location of the shrine deeper inside the cathedral.</p>

      <p>The room was about the size of a school gym. The interior was similar to one you’d see in a fairy tale illustration, the only difference, if any, lying in the dazzling decorations. The decorations in this world were mostly jewels. Stone pillars and pews lined the glittering sanctum, and well-dressed VIPs occupied those benches. Some among the crowd radiated an alarming aura.</p>

      <p>The guests were staring at Lastiara, who was offering prayers to the stained glass. She sat alone on the stage, wearing a pure white, mostly unornamented dress. Next to her was a man who looked like a priest, and across from them was a woman. I wondered if these two were the folks Mr. Hine had mentioned: Pheydelt and that senator woman.</p>

      <p>“Were you able to get a grasp of the inside?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I was. There’s some damn strong-looking people in attendance...”</p>

      <p>“Yep. That’s what I wanted you to know. You’ve got big shots from all over the world, plus their guards. You’ve gotta break past ’em, but if you go it alone, it’ll be a real bitch.”</p>

      <p>“What other choice have I got?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not telling you not to do it. It’s just that, as an intellectual type, I want ya to kidnap the princess only as a last resort. You remember what Hine said, don’t you? We can talk down the organizers. If that goes well, we can take back Lastiara without a fight and without having to shed any blood. I’m gonna do you a favor and set the stage for your right to say something.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron grinned. Under normal circumstances, I wouldn’t want to take orders from anybody who smiled or laughed like he did. But since I could be sure that our interests were aligned with regard to Lastiara’s rescue, I decided to hear him out. If he didn’t get too long-winded, there was still time to listen.</p>

      <p>“All right then, what do you want me to do?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, nothing. I just want you to stir the pot a bit. It’s basically the same as when you rile folks up...” Palinchron’s lips curled further still as he walked and explained.</p>

      <p>The process he laid out for rescuing Lastiara wasn’t all that bad. If things went well, we would be able to take her without bloodshed.</p>

      <p>“...and that’s the plan. Now you wanna try it, don’t ya?”</p>

      <p>We arrived at the door of the shrine where the ceremony was being held. Palinchron was grinning like a child about to get up to no good. What a stinker this guy was. His combat ability was low, so I told myself that if push came to shove, I’d take him hostage, and smiled back.</p>

      <p>“Sure, got it. I’ll give it a whirl.”</p>

      <p>We set right to it, putting our plan into action. First, I took off my cloak and put on an expensive-looking robe with gold embroidery that Palinchron had prepared for me. By properly wiping my sweat and tidying up my getup, I could now pass for an aristocrat from some far-off locale. As soon as I finished changing, Palinchron placed a hand on the extravagantly designed door to the shrine room where the ritual was taking place, and it opened at last, creaking dully as the interior came into view.</p>

      <p>Naturally, the guests and the priests who were officiating the ceremony turned to look at the sudden arrivals. Lastiara, who was still on the stage, also looked at me, her eyes widening. I gave her a once-over. What I noted before anything else was her tremendous fatigue. If what Dia had said was true, she had been praying since the night prior without a wink of sleep. However, I could also sense a discomfort that went beyond exhaustion. She seemed...inattentive? Out of it? It was like whatever had been possessing her was now falling away. What that was, I didn’t know, but I could feel in my bones that, just like our plan foresaw, the fetters binding her were coming undone.</p>

      <p>I took my eyes off her and scanned the room for Dia, spotting him having half-risen to his feet. With a hand, I motioned for him not to get up just yet. In response, he sat back down and nodded. It was a momentary exchange, but no one seemed to have noticed it thanks to the Celestial Knight standing in front.</p>

      <p>A man who grasped what was happening stopped the proceedings and spoke up. “We’re in the middle of the ritual here. What’s the meaning of this?” he asked, his voice deep and somber.</p>

      <p>The man standing at the podium had dark, turbid eyes. He was wearing attire that was very distinctive even among his fellow priests. Both his garb and demeanor told me that this was that Pheydelt person. He seemed terribly resentful that the ritual was falling behind.</p>

      <p>“Ack, sorry about that, good Sir Chancellor,” replied Palinchron aloofly. “He’s a wee bit late, but a guest of honor has graced us with his presence, so I guided him to the shrine room.”</p>

      <p>Then, he stepped aside so that everyone could see me. I bowed lightly. For the time being, I intended to follow Palinchron’s plan. If it failed, I’d just use force to kidnap her as originally planned. While it came at the cost of the element of surprise, I was able to ascertain Lastiara’s current state this way. If I could exchange even one word with her before kidnapping her, it would make Palinchron’s plan worth it.</p>

      <p>“All of the guest-of-honor seats are taken. And I do not know this person. Leave at once.”</p>

      <p>“But Sir Chancellor, sir. After the lad told me his circumstances, I figured he has a right to be in attendance...”</p>

      <p>“Stop your prattling. I don’t care what his circumstances are; it’s a no.”</p>

      <p>The mood in the air wasn’t about to accept sudden visitors either. The priests and knights who were waiting by the walls approached to let the suspicious stranger out. However, Palinchron didn’t move an inch.</p>

      <p>“But you’re laying your eyes on none other than the person for whom all seven of the Celestial Knights cleared the way, who passed through the cathedral’s barrier unscathed, and who made it all the way here. If he’s not a guest of honor, then what on earth else could he be? The likes of me couldn’t make the judgment call as to whether he’s a proper, legitimate guest of honor, so I brought him here.”</p>

      <p><em>God, this guy’s glib</em>. But I had to hand it to him, he knew how to persuade people. The priests and knights who’d been approaching started slowing down and easing off. The knights were the Celestials’ subordinates, which meant their superiors had let me through. I was more than just unwounded—I was wearing fine garb. The more faith the knights had in the Celestials, the greater the effect Palinchron’s lies had on them. They were sure that so long as the Celestials were outside defending the cathedral, there was no way a brigand or intruder could get all this way without a scratch on them.</p>

      <p>“Such drivel... Entering at such atrocious timing in the first place is—”</p>

      <p>“What’s this? It looks to me like Lady Lastiara <em>recognizes</em> the lad. I knew it—he may just be telling the truth when he says he has a blood connection with Saint Tiara,” Palinchron lied, his expression nonchalant.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What? <em>A blood connection</em>?!” Pheydelt looked flabbergasted.</p>

      <p>The buzzing and chattering around us grew louder, including from the guests of honor. The priests and knights who were approaching stopped walking completely now that this was about someone with connections to a saint. The barometer of opinion shifted towards us slightly. I seized upon that opportunity to talk to Lastiara. She was standing dozens of meters away, which was a little too far to talk, but I refrained from shouting. Instead, I tried to muster a calm voice that could nevertheless be heard throughout the room.</p>

      <p>“Tell me, Lastiara. There’s something I wanna ask you. Something I wanna ask you as your friend and comrade.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara looked as surprised as before. “S-Sieg...”</p>

      <p>She didn’t seem to know what was going on, but she still spoke my name. She appeared a little confused. I didn’t know if Lastiara was simply taken aback or if this was because the spell cast on her had fallen away.</p>

      <p>Pheydelt, who was listening next to her, could no longer abide this. “Her...her <em>friend</em>?! Enough lies! Capture and arrest that boy this instant!”</p>

      <p>The surrounding priests and knights start walking towards me, seemingly at a loss. The reason they were hesitant was that there was no inconsistency to what Palinchron had said, and because Lastiara had looked at me and said my name.</p>

      <p>Palinchron capitalized on that hesitation. Before the priests and knights could reach me, he pulled out his own sword and thrust its point at my back.</p>

      <p>“No worries, gents. I know you guys’ll have trouble pointing your swords at a relation of the hallowed saint. But it’s okay. As a Celestial Knight, I’ll take the burden of responsibility and arrest him from behind, as is proper.”</p>

      <p>How brazen of him, pointing a sword at the guest he himself had ushered here. At first glance, it appeared to outside eyes that I couldn’t move due to one of the Celestial Knights. They’d see no reason to press forward if a Celestial had the situation well in hand. Or, more accurately, they were thinking that such a judgment call was too difficult for base-level knights like them to make.</p>

      <p>“What?! Why, you lot!” scolded Pheydelt.</p>

      <p>I spoke over him, my voice louder than before and oozing confidence. “Lastiara, I’m sorry I couldn’t answer you yesterday. But now I can. I’ll grant your wish. I say yes to it all.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara’s wish. I remembered it: <em>Will you save me, Sieg? Will you go adventuring with me someplace far away? Can you make an enemy of all of the knights of the Dungeon Alliance and the nation of Whoseyards? Will you wreck tomorrow’s ritual for me? Will you come rescue me, knowing what a huge risk you’ll be taking?</em></p>

      <p><em>Yep. I’ll make every one of those things happen for you.</em></p>

      <p>“Right, you have my answer now,” I said seamlessly and gracefully, like I’d become a stage actor. “Now I want you to answer me, Lastiara. What’s your dream in this life?”</p>

      <p>“M-My dream?” Lastiara had turned pale. The look on her face screamed, “I heard something I shouldn’t have at a time I shouldn’t have.”</p>

      <p>Pheydelt looked panicked. He descended from the stage to the carpet she and I were standing atop. “Why, you little...”</p>

      <p>I hadn’t failed to hear his quiet groan. Little wonder, given he was the organizer, that the flow of events Palinchron had orchestrated would prove troublesome for him.</p>

      <p>“Knights!” he shouted as he drew closer. “Just listen to me and arrest the boy!”</p>

      <p>In response, one guest seated in a pew to the side came on out.</p>

      <p>“Please wait, Mr. Pheydelt,” said Dia. “I’m interested in what the boy is saying. What’s the dream of the one who would become that vaunted saint? I’m <em>very</em> interested. Very interested indeed.”</p>

      <p>Like Lastiara, Dia was dressed in a pure white dress. He’d jumped onto the carpet lining the center of the room and was now blocking Pheydelt’s path. His voice sounded calm, but the magical power wreathing him was beyond the ordinary. He was pressuring Pheydelt with terrifyingly powerful magic energy.</p>

      <p>“M-Miss Sith? What are you saying? He’s just some brigand...”</p>

      <p>Dia’s unexpected entrance into the fray had taken the wind out of Pheydelt’s sails. Plus, getting hit by a colossal amount of magic energy had left him perplexed and bewildered.</p>

      <p>With gratitude in my heart for Dia, I hastily wove together my next remarks. I just needed to do it one more time. I had to give her one more jolt. That was all. There was no more artificial Lastiara persona to contend with. Or at least, that was what I chose to believe as I continued.</p>

      <p>“Do you remember, Lastiara? Do you remember our contract? When we first became allies, we made a contract. I would grant your wish and you would help me return home. I just want you to tell me the dream you told me then! That’s all I need!”</p>

      <p>Her breath caught and her body stiffened. She remembered now. That night, behind the pub. That moment we’d told each other our dreams.</p>

      <p><em>She just needs that last push!</em> I took a step forward, raising my voice little by little.</p>

      <p>“I never had a say to begin with. With that contract in effect, I <em>have</em> to see your dream realized. You helped me so much in the Dungeon; it’s only right...”</p>

      <p>She was staring at me with tearful eyes, but she still wouldn’t say anything. I had to shake her heart even more. I took another step towards her.</p>

      <p>“You did tell me that you ‘have to’ become Saint Tiara. I won’t pretend you didn’t. But you know what?! I never heard you say becoming Saint Tiara’s your dream! Not even once!”</p>

      <p>While the knights, priests, and guests were watching, I moved slowly towards her, one step after the other.</p>

      <p><em>Lastiara, please answer me. One sentence out of your mouth and I can fight without hesitation. One simple sentence, and I swear I’ll save you no matter what. So please</em>...</p>

      <p>“So c’mon! Answer me, Lastiara! Right here, right now! Lay it on us, loud and clear! What is your dream?!”</p>

      <p>I took another step forward. And another. And another. And another. I was getting closer to her. Palinchron had warned me to mind my volume, lest I be taken for a brigand. But now that we’d reached this point, I could hardly keep my voice on an even keel. In fact, it was better not to. Of course it was. I wasn’t a brigand. I was her friend!</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry! The contract’s still kicking! If you tell me that everything here’s getting in the way of your dream, then I’ll destroy it all! And all I ask in return is that you come back to my place! That’s all I want from you! So let me hear it! Right here, right now, clear as day! Shout it out one more time for everyone to hear! What’s your dream, Lastiaraaaaaaa?!!!”</p>

      <p>There was no going back after that scream. I was now undeniably and completely a nemesis of Whoseyards. And I had nothing more to say. All that was left was to wait for her reply.</p>

      <p>She was trembling. She tried to speak, but she was stymied by the frog in her throat. I knew she was confused, but I wanted her to answer all the same. What she said would make all the difference in the world. Or was it our misunderstanding that the spell on her had been broken? Was the artificial Lastiara all that she had ever been?</p>

      <p>“My... My dream...” she said hoarsely, staring me in the eyes as she strung the sentence together. “To be a hero... To become Saint Tiara...” she said, as though repeating from memory.</p>

      <p>“...is NOT my dream! It’s not! <em>Becoming</em> the hero was never what I aspired to. My real dream is the <em>story</em> leading up to becoming the hero! THAT was what I dreamed of!”</p>

      <p>I shook my head. <em>Yep, there it is. I knew it all along. Lastiara doesn’t desire glory to gratify her vanity. What set her eyes aglow was always the adventures leading up to that glory. That’s why, back in the Dungeon, she always emphasized the process over results.</em></p>

      <p>“If I become Saint Tiara now, my own story will be cut short! For my dream to just end after only a few days with you, Sieg...I can’t accept it!” she said, her shoulders heaving and her eyes cast downward. “I can’t take it! I can’t stand it!”</p>

      <p>That was everything and more. It was Lastiara’s—no, it was the everything of the girl who was standing there. The ordinary girl who shouted what she actually wanted with all her body and soul.</p>

      <p>“I’ll take a story that’s only just beginning over Saint Tiara’s, which’ll end in no time! I wanna be <em>me</em>!!!”</p>

      <p>She had just disavowed the saint. And she’d shouted clearly so that everyone could catch an earful. There could be zero doubt that she was no longer agreeing to this ritual.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, excellent.</em> Now I could break everything that had made a plaything of Lastiara with peace of mind in my righteous rage. I nodded at her; she seemed so feeble as she stared my way.</p>

      <p>“Got it! Leave the rest to me, Lastiara! The story that starts today is yours, not Saint Tiara’s! The first chapter of your tale begins now!”</p>

      <p>“Okay!” Her expression turned cheerful, and she nodded back. That was the moment the girl who’d been so lost for so long finally found a signpost. It was the moment her story received its lifeblood...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Once Lastiara and I were done shouting at each other, I heard a loud laughing voice break out behind me.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, ha ha ha ha! Sieg, ol’ buddy, ol’ pal! Good job pulling those words out! That’ll be enough! Ahh, how splendid! Bearing witness to the birth of a new hero always gets my heart racing! Ah ha! Aha ha ha ha ha ha H<em>A</em> Ha hA!”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t gonna begrudge him a good laugh, but since I’d fulfilled my end of the conditions he’d laid out for me, I would have liked him to fly into action more quickly. This standoff was reaching its natural end.</p>

      <p>Sure enough, Pheydelt stamped his feet. “Wh-What?! What’re you saying?! Lastiara Whoseyards!!!” As he made his way back to the stage, he called out to another young woman. “Lady Leki! I don’t mind if you get a little rough!”</p>

      <p>Judging by her identifying distinctions, I figured her for the senator’s proxy that Mr. Hine had told me about.</p>

      <p>“Hrm. We’re in the middle of the ritual, but—” said Leki calmly.</p>

      <p>“No matter!”</p>

      <p>“Well, if you say so...”</p>

      <p>The woman muttered something, and Lastiara held her throat and dropped to her knees moaning. It appeared some spell had robbed her of her freedom; they would brook no more outbursts from her.</p>

      <p>“Now then, knights! Arrest the rogue who would lead the saint astray with his lies! Any who fail to obey this order will be guilty of treason against Whoseyards!” It seemed Pheydelt had no composure left.</p>

      <p>Palinchron replied with a laugh. “Ha ha! You were too slow to make that call, Sir Chancellor! Guess who came in the nick of time! Well met, Hine!”</p>

      <p>Somebody loudly entered through the rear entrance. As Palinchron said, it was Mr. Hine. He was so covered in wounds that it beggared belief. His body was torn up and covered in blood. In addition, the other Celestial Knights followed him in. Apparently, he’d been driven to this point after managing to hold off the other five.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s with you lot?!”</p>

      <p>Pheydelt seemed to be unaware of what was taking place outside. I was surprised too—having more enemies to deal with was a thorn in my side. This was a tad different from what we’d expected. However, I soon understood what Palinchron was aiming for. He stood back-to-back with me and pointed his sword at the newly arrived Celestial Knights.</p>

      <p>Upon seeing that, Mr. Hine lined up next to him without hesitation to cover my back. The surrounding guests made a stir upon witnessing that surefooted motion. Lastiara refusing the ritual was already bad enough; now, two of the Seven Celestial Knights were backing me up. It was apparent they had no idea what was unfolding.</p>

      <p>“Hine, Palinchron!” shouted Pheydelt. “What’s the meaning of this?! Are you defying the state?!”</p>

      <p>They both kept their backs to him.</p>

      <p>“I became a knight in milady’s service,” said Hine. “Nothing more, nothing less.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm,” said Palinchron, “I’ll go with that too.”</p>

      <p>Pheydelt’s expression contorted even more.</p>

      <p>“Palinchron,” whispered Hine, “are you lending us a hand as well?”</p>

      <p>“Our pal Sieg did a great job satisfying the conditions, and now a fun vision’s starting to form in my head. Don’t mind if I grab a ride on this bandwagon, Hine.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much,” I said. “Mr. Hine, Palinchron.”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, laddie,” said Palinchron, his tone serious. “We’ve got too many enemies in the way to be able to take her just yet, don’t we? So let’s stir the pot some more. The faith of the various nations is a brittle thing. All we’ve gotta do is add a tad more to our official stance.”</p>

      <p>I was starting to see his vision too. I raised my voice without screaming.</p>

      <p>“Please listen, people. From your perspective, you may see me as some idiot who doesn’t know a thing. But there’s one thing that even an idiot like me knows: the young girl over there doesn’t want this ritual. She’s afraid of her consciousness disappearing as a result! She’s on the precipice of meeting an end she never wanted, her freedom taken from her and her will twisted and perverted! Does that sound right to you?! Is that the will of the nation?! Is that what the Church of Levahn teaches?! Do your hearts not pang at the thought?! Does this truly, honestly sit right with you?!”</p>

      <p>I hadn’t prepared the words ahead of time. It was just rubbish I was spouting out, carried away in the moment. But in that moment, I didn’t care if the argument was stupid or if it was childish sophistry. The purpose wasn’t to convince them. No, it was to <em>confuse</em> them.</p>

      <p>Not to be outdone, Pheydelt also raised his voice. “You think such drivel is any reason to disturb an event that the nation has decided upon?! All you lot are trying to do is treason, pure and simple! You’re nothing more than criminals!” Clearly, he had cottoned on to what Palinchron was after. He was appealing to the guests, arguing that the ritual was lawful and legitimate. “Forgive me for my messy execution, but I ask for help from you capable knights in bringing this disturbance under control! Help us apprehend the wrongdoers!”</p>

      <p>He underscored that we were the ones in the wrong, because if anybody came to cooperate with us, even just on a whim, it’d spell trouble for him. But he was practically confessing that even a little bloodshed would put him in a fix.</p>

      <p>I was even more convinced now that the guests were his Achilles’ heel. However, due to Pheydelt’s unreserved request, several skilled guards with their hands free tried to come at us. They were guys who wanted Whoseyards to owe them.</p>

      <p>Pheydelt welcomed this development. He didn’t want the guests in harm’s way, but their security details were a different story. The balance of power had begun to shift, and Pheydelt smiled faintly.</p>

      <p>However, a huge wave of magic energy threw his calculations out of whack and shook the entire shrine room. The energy coursed through the chamber, freezing those who’d stood up with terror. Dia took up a space in the center, his power undulating out.</p>

      <p>“You’re not wrong,” he said. “It may be strange to bring up the ethics of it at this late hour. One person’s sentimentality shouldn’t interfere with what a whole nation has decided on. That being said, what that boy said was very entertaining. I don’t particularly wish to lend him a hand. All I want is to hear the boy and that god incarnate over there chat for a little longer. Is that so impermissible, Sir Chancellor?”</p>

      <p>Maybe it was my imagination, but it seemed he was in a smidgen of a bad mood.</p>

      <p>As might be expected, Pheydelt could not hide his wrath from the one who had snapped back at him so openly.</p>

      <p>“Lady Apostle, this is no time for play!” He glared at Dia sharply, but Dia didn’t care. Deciding that this was not the time to be concerned about Dia, Pheydelt called out to the knights at the entrance.</p>

      <p>“Celestial Knights! What’s got you so befuddled?! Move it!”</p>

      <p>“Urgh! We’ve no choice, do we?!” said a deep, seasoned voice.</p>

      <p>“But Hine and Palinchron, they’re...” said a female voice that resonated with dignity.</p>

      <p>I was happy to be faced with someone I’d have an easy time throwing off-balance. I turned around and called out to her. “Ms. Radiant! Lastiara is suffering before your eyes! Do you think she looks happy? Is that the sort of sight you want to see? Is that really okay with you?!” I shouted, pointing at my target.</p>

      <p>The black knight next to her objected. “You’re wrong!” he said, in his seasoned, deep voice. “You’re wrong, Hine, Palinchron, Radiant! Remember, the Celestial Knights exist for the sake of Saint Tiara, who’ll be descending among us momentarily! We mustn’t mistake our mission for another!”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t about to concede the point. There was no way I’d hand them Ms. Radiant’s heart. “That’s news to me! At the very least, the Celestial Knight I know, Hine Hellvilleshine, doesn’t feel that way! He’s not a knight of Saint Tiara! Isn’t that right, Mr. Hine?!”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, that’s right! Of course! The one I serve isn’t some figure from ancient history like Saint Tiara! It’s not a dead lady I’ve been wanting to protect with all my heart! It’s the maiden living and breathing here and now! And now I can finally say it with my chin held high! I am milady’s knight!”</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine gave a great reply despite how suddenly I’d thrown him the mic. He’d declared he was Lastiara’s knight and no one else’s with utter delight, shouting it like it was everything his life meant. I could even swear I saw a hint of tears in his eyes.</p>

      <p>Grateful to Mr. Hine, I added more. “As you just heard, Mr. Hine is Lastiara’s knight! So tell me, Ms. Radiant, which side are you on?! Are you Lastiara’s knight or are you Saint Tiara’s? Decide where you stand and decide it now! What’s it gonna be?!” I yelled, aiming not to give her any time to agonize over it.</p>

      <p>“Urgh! I...” said Ms. Radiant, trailing off.</p>

      <p>“M-Miss?!” came a younger girl’s voice. It was Raggie. She screamed when she saw Ms. Radiant point a sword at the black knight.</p>

      <p>If Ms. Radiant had merely been frozen by indecision, that would have been enough for me. Yet, she’d changed sides unexpectedly quickly. The impact this had on the people around us was substantial.</p>

      <p>Ms. Radiant approached us and shouted at Raggie, “Ragne, you’re still too young! Now take some advice from your senior! I may have gone and done it, but you should give me or one of us a perfunctory fight before tapping out and falling over! You’re working for your hometown, so don’t put yourself out!”</p>

      <p>Now Ms. Radiant was telling Raggie not to put up an actual fight. So many happy surprises. If this took Raggie out of the picture, the balance of power by the entrance would tip the other way. The situation was in flux as the Celestial Knights, who were standing idly by the door continued talking, beaded with sweat from nerves and exertion.</p>

      <p>“Needless to say, this old man’s going to carry out his public duties,” said Mr. Hopes. “Goodness gracious...”</p>

      <p>“I am too,” said the Celestial Knight who specialized in magic.</p>

      <p>“So in essence, it’s only us three,” said the black knight.</p>

      <p>All three sounded pained. Mr. Hopes looked reluctant as he addressed the black knight. “No fewer than three of the knights who were trained for times like these have switched sides, so what’re we to do, Sir Head Knight? Do you feel like this lineup can win? I’ve got a bad feeling; I’m not good against magic, see...”</p>

      <p>“If we were outdoors, we’d have some means of attacking, but...fighting here would mean getting innocents involved...”</p>

      <p>Pheydelt saw the Celestial Knights were at a loss, and he grew impatient. He faced one of the guests and shouted, “Glenn! Or should I say, the Laoravian who’s the strongest hero of all! Apprehend them!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? You want <em>me</em> to?!” answered a man in the front pews pathetically.</p>

      <p>The man stood up and turned to face us in a dither. He had copper-colored hair and an enervated look on his face. If I hadn’t misheard, they’d just called the man “Glenn.” That meant he was the mightiest Dungeon diver alive.</p>

      <p><em>That guy with the whiny voice...the strongest in the world?</em></p>

      <p>Just as I was starting to sweat the entry of a powerful newcomer in the enemy’s ranks, a girl sitting next to Glenn pulled at the hem of his clothes.</p>

      <p>“Bro,” she said, under her breath, “wait and see how things go for now.”</p>

      <p>The girl was the dragonewt Snow Walker. I’d met her a few days back in the Dungeon and had been part of her party once before. She’d called Glenn her brother. They bore no family resemblance whatsoever, but given that they were sitting next to each other in the guest seating area, that had to indeed be brother and sister. Ms. Snow was speaking quietly as she looked towards me.</p>

      <p>“If you make the wrong move, he’ll have business with you later on. And besides, he’s not a bad person.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, you can <em>say</em> he’s not a bad person... Well, if you say so, I believe it, Ms. Snow.”</p>

      <p>I had a feeling our eyes met. And just like when we’d last parted ways, and she had told me I wasn’t suited to being a diver, she had an exasperated look on her face.</p>

      <p>“I’m real sorry!” Glenn shouted to Pheydelt. “We’re giving this a pass!”</p>

      <p>“Glenn Walker!” spat Pheydelt indignantly.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, I’d be fighting Celestial Knights under your supervision!” he replied, his voice pitiful as he made no bones about it. “I’ve got no idea what’s happening! I don’t want to kill them only for you to yell at me later!”</p>

      <p>More than a few people there agreed. They had no idea what was happening. They didn’t know if they’d be told off after the fact. As such, they had little choice but to wait and see. Glenn, the man renowned as the strongest among them, had voiced their own thoughts quite clearly, and the tide shifted. Pheydelt sensed the danger in this, so he quickly gave up on Glenn as a lost cause and called out to the next guest of honor.</p>

      <p>“Then what about you, Blademaster?!”</p>

      <p><em>Blademaster? </em>It seemed somebody with quite the moniker was also in attendance. A title like that would excite the little kid in me during times of peace, but it wasn’t what I wanted to hear at the moment.</p>

      <p>“Sir Chancellor, I’m eager and willing,” said a voice from the guest of honor crowd, his tone awkward. “But see, just like ol’ Glenny said, if we go at it, you’re gonna get lots of bodies. Plus, the bloodthirst a certain unexpected someone’s radiating right now is insane. Like, for real, though; it’s mental.”</p>

      <p>The aging man spoke rather pathetically as he stared at Dia, who was still exerting pressure from the center of the room. Dia himself had been glaring at the man they called Blademaster, who evidently believed Dia to be the most troublesome opponent in the room.</p>

      <p>Dia reverted to his more natural, casual form of speech. “You’re making me look bad, Mr. Arrace. Looking at it objectively, I don’t think that kid’s altogether in the wrong. So can you blame me for just wanting to hear him out?”</p>

      <p>“‘Objectively,’ huh? Up until a second ago, you were being so well-mannered and polite. Sithy, honey, don’t tell me you’ve fallen for Black Hair over there?”</p>

      <p>“Rggh! Stupid old man!”</p>

      <p>From the look of it, the two were acquainted, and sparks were flying as they stared at each other. However, it didn’t seem as though the Blademaster was leaping into action any time soon. In response, Pheydelt called out to several other famed fighters in the crowd, and I had no intention of stopping him, as I got the feeling that somehow, we’d gained the upper hand.</p>

      <p>People shouted all across the cathedral, and the commotion was only intensifying. Perhaps due to Glenn’s and the Blademaster’s listless reactions, the mood in the air had gotten more lax. While there were those who called to aid Pheydelt, there were a lot whose reactions were tepid at best. Eventually, the movers and shakers from the host of nations in attendance began to openly make whatever remarks suited them. Gone was the rigid air of a ritual. And the volleys of words from the various nations’ representatives had the priests and knights frozen in place.</p>

      <p>It was all as Palinchron had anticipated before we’d busted into the shrine room. Naturally, he was getting carried away and then some.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha ha! Hey, Sir Chancellor, sir! If we go at it now, we’re basically evenly matched, wouldn’t you agree?! Hine and Sieg are no pushovers, let me tell ya! Ha ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>“Palinchron, you louse!” said Pheydelt. “Ugh, this is why I was against taking in a knight from a savage country!” He was about to say more so as to remedy the situation, but just then, a roaring rumble resounded from the stage.</p>

      <p>“Grah...” The woman on the stage grimaced and distanced herself from Lastiara, who was out of breath and sweating profusely. From what I could see, my friend had thrown off the spell affixed to her and was now able to speak again.</p>

      <p>“Lady Leki, your barrier!” shouted Pheydelt. “But how?!”</p>

      <p>The woman sighed. “I say, this ‘jewelculus’ is really something else. She forcibly broke the barrier while her body was in <em>that</em> state. This is beyond me now. I can’t pin her anymore.”</p>

      <p>“You can’t be serious!”</p>

      <p>“If anything, you should be praising me for holding her off for a few minutes.”</p>

      <p>Pheydelt drew closer as he reproached the woman. Meanwhile, the now liberated Lastiara staggered to her feet with a determined expression before making a ringing pronouncement to all with ears.</p>

      <p>“Hff, hff, hff... I, Lastiara Whoseyards, issue the following command to my knights! To Siegfried, Hine, Radiant, and Palinchron! If this dumb ‘Saint Tiara’ person should take me over, thrust your swords into my heart!!!”</p>

      <p>I didn’t detect any artificiality to her orders. This was Lastiara’s will and no one else’s.</p>

      <p>I shouted, “You got it, Lastiara!”</p>

      <p>Her knights chimed in as well.</p>

      <p>“Nice first words, milady! You can at least rest assured that Sieg and I shall do so!”</p>

      <p>“If that’s the will of the girl named Lastiara, then so be it!”</p>

      <p>“I... I won’t let you die, milady!”</p>

      <p>This exchange was witnessed by a great many guests. Some looked amused. Some looked displeased. Some looked moved. Some looked unfeeling. The reactions were diverse. I deployed <em>Dimension</em> and picked out voices amid the din. I got the sense that the number of people who wanted to get involved had decreased, which made sense after they’d just seen the person who was actually supposed to undergo the ritual reject it in no uncertain terms. The balance of power had once again shifted.</p>

      <p>Lastiara was beginning to walk, albeit staggering. Her eyes set on me, she descended gently from the stage and took it one step at a time. Pheydelt moved to stop her, but Palinchron and I moved to stop Pheydelt.</p>

      <p>“Wait! Don’t move a muscle, Pheydelt!” shouted the woman on the stage.</p>

      <p>Pheydelt stopped in his tracks, allowing Lastiara to continue walking to the center of the room unimpeded. Palinchron and I just stood there, having missed our moment to leap in. Nevertheless, with that, it was definitively over. One of this place’s organizers had given up on engaging Lastiara. Needless to say, the guests, the priests, and the knights did nothing to stop her either. No—they couldn’t.</p>

      <p>All the while, I was listening in on the grit-toothed back-and-forth between the pair via <em>Dimension</em>.</p>

      <p>“Why must I stop, Lady Leki?!”</p>

      <p>“If you try to stop her, Palinchron will most certainly take action.”</p>

      <p>“But we can handle one measly—”</p>

      <p>“That boy likely isn’t some ordinary kid either. More importantly, we mustn’t allow the Celestial Knights to brawl with each other. Not in this situation.”</p>

      <p>“But madame, if you join the fight, we can make up for that!”</p>

      <p>The woman shook her head. “If even one foreign dignitary is killed or wounded, we lose,” she explained calmly. “And losing Celestial Knights would sting too. Within the shrine room, at the very least, our hands are tied. Subduing that boy and the jewelculus without any casualties isn’t possible anymore. Even if we were to obtain the pawn named Saint Tiara, it’s putting the cart before the horse to lose too much in the process. Grin and bear it for now—all for the sake of the plan. If you do, there’s still a chance the jewelculus and the Celestial Knights will return to Whoseyards at some point. This fight was lost the moment Palinchron and Hine turned traitor and that boy showed up without a scratch on him.”</p>

      <p>Pheydelt bit his lip and glared at me, his baleful stare full of rage and hatred for the spanner in the works that was Siegfried Vizzita. It appeared that he had finally recognized they were on the back foot.</p>

      <p>The man named Pheydelt was no longer a threat.</p>

      <p>I turned my eyes from the stage to Lastiara, who had staggered over to me without obstruction. Exhausted to the bone, she smiled feebly as she expressed her gratitude to her comrade with a single, brusque word: “Thanks.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t mention it.” I grasped her hand.</p>

      <p>Then Dia appeared from behind her, looking somewhat displeased. He’d followed her to the center of the room. Clearly, he was sticking to the plan as it had originally been laid out insofar as he was following our lead. Having recovered Lastiara, I spun on my heels to find Ms. Radiant there in her lupine form with her back to me, motioning for me to hop on. She’d seen the state Lastiara was in and decided to be her ride.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Radiant, could you let Dia on as well? He’s another ally of hers.”</p>

      <p>After a beat, the wolf lowered her head. Dia, for his part, understood how lacking his own physical prowess was, so he mounted Ms. Radiant alongside Lastiara without grumbling. The moment he did, the irate voices of the priests who’d accompanied him here cried out, but he ignored them and fixed his gaze on the entrance, where four Celestial Knights were barring the way.</p>

      <p>“Please move aside,” said Mr. Hine. “If you refuse, we will be forced to employ our magic. And if that happens, this room may collapse. Need I remind you which side will be in dire straits if any harm comes to the guests here?”</p>

      <p>He showed them the palm of his hand with an icy look, having spoken the words that Palinchron was meant to say.</p>

      <p>The black knight heaved a sigh and stepped off to the side. The other three followed their superior’s example. That was the moment all the conditions fell into place.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara Whoseyards is with me now!” I shouted, declaring victory. “Mr. Hine, Palinchron, Ms. Radiant! Let’s be on our way! We’re running straight out of here!”</p>

      <p>Ms. Radiant was the first to take off, dashing faster than the eye could see and exiting the room with the pair on her back in tow. Mr. Hine, Palinchron, and I sprinted in their wake. The four enemy knights ran after us, of course, but they didn’t immediately attack, probably because they believed they were still too close to the shrine room to risk the shock waves of battle reaching it.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine, however, didn’t give a toss about the enemy’s concerns. He incanted a windstorm spell as he ran and launched it at the four pursuers behind us. “<em>SEHR WYND</em>!”</p>

      <p>After they were blown back, he turned right around and started running with all his might. We went down the stairs, through the corridor, and past the entryway, returning the way we came. However, when we made it back to the entrance, Ms. Radiant stopped outside the cathedral for reasons that weren’t apparent to me. Befuddled, I approached her. Palinchron and Mr. Hine seemed to be in a similar boat. However, our doubts were cleared when we saw Dia sitting on Radiant’s back...or to be precise, when we saw the pillar of magic rising out of him. We three ran through the entrance of the cathedral and lined up next to Ms. Radiant. At that instant, Dia activated the high-density spell that he had compressed and compressed and compressed some more.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow: Petalrain</em>!”</p>

      <p>The pillar of magical power erupted, scattering petals of flame into the air, which then transformed into over a thousand arrows of fire, blotting the sky before pouring down onto the cathedral. His <em>Flame Arrow</em> was no longer the laser it had once been. With Alty’s guidance, he had learned how to adjust its firepower. These arrows were shaped like your standard flame arrows, and innumerable scores of them crashed into the cathedral’s entrance, destroying it. A good many windows and all the entrances and exits that could be seen from where we stood were also sealed off in the attack, preventing any pursuers from easily emerging.</p>

      <p>I turned my attention to the source of that havoc. Dia was looking at me with a proud expression as he tempered even more magic energy.</p>

      <p>“Sieg, should I go further? If I wanted to, I could tear the whole place down.”</p>

      <p>“Uhh, nah, that’s enough. Any more than this and we’ll just be incurring their resentment.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Looks like we’re good, Ms. Wolfy. Let’s keep going.”</p>

      <p>With that, Ms. Radiant sprinted off. Palinchron stifled a laugh, while Mr. Hine’s eyes were open wide. My reaction was similar, but we could hardly afford to gape indefinitely.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Mr. Hine. We’ve bought some time.”</p>

      <p>We resumed our escape on the double, fighting our way through the knights on the grand staircase. Against the three of us, however, the base-level knights had a lot on their shoulders. Some among them couldn’t move simply because there were Celestial Knights allied with the brigand.</p>

      <p>We mowed our way through them down the stairs. It seemed that the trio ahead of us was doing much the same. No one had the AGI to keep up with wolf-form Radiant to begin with, and even if they got near her, they’d just get shot by one of Dia’s spells. From what I’d seen, they seemed even safer than the three of us, which was reassuring. Judging by the feeble resistance, I could tell we would get off scot-free.</p>

      <p>Delighted, I smiled and turned to Mr. Hine to confirm what we were all planning to do after fleeing from Whoseyards.</p>

      <p>“I think we’re going to go ahead and make for Greeard in the south. What will you guys do?”</p>

      <p>“You’re running south, huh? That’s wise. I’d like to come with you, if possible. Believe it or not, I do have some clout, so I’ll be of use to you. You can count on that.”</p>

      <p>“Ah,” said Palinchron, “I’ll bail at some point en route. I will go with you part of the way, though.”</p>

      <p>That was what I wanted to hear. Maybe that was heartless of me, since he <em>had</em> pitched in, but still, I didn’t think this guy was an ally. In truth, I didn’t want to be with such a dangerous unknown quantity for even a second longer simply because our interests had happened to align this one time. I was still on my guard.</p>

      <p>I nodded back at the two of them, signaling my agreement. Then we routed the enemy knights in the vicinity, passed through the courtyard with the fountain, and ran down the path sandwiched between conifers. A group of knights was waiting at the gate of the bridge ahead, but Ms. Radiant jumped over them with ease. Needless to say, we couldn’t do the same, so Mr. Hine unleashed his magic to open the way. And with that, the six of us made it across the bridge without mishap.</p>

      <p>The next obstacle was the sea of citizens awaiting the ceremonies of the Day of the Blessed Birth. The sudden appearance of a giant wolf startled them, but they didn’t immediately make way since the crowd was too packed. Ms. Radiant could only move ahead by avoiding the people, crushing the outdoor lights and stall roofs underfoot. The masses began shrieking and panicking in the confusion.</p>

      <p>We took advantage of the chaos and chased Ms. Radiant, weaving our way through the crowd. When we reached a group of buildings that could serve as platforms, the six of us climbed onto them, our two groups of three rejoining. From there, we leaped from rooftop and rooftop, ever closer to escaping Whoseyards. Some of the folks below looked at us roof-running and pointed up, entertained. They must have mistaken us for festival performers or something.</p>

      <p>I looked behind me to see who was chasing us. The knights trying to pursue us couldn’t get past the barrier of people, and none of them possessed the physical prowess to climb onto the buildings after us.</p>

      <p>“Phew... Ms. Radiant, please head for Vart for the time being. I want to go to my house and join up with a comrade of mine. Once we’re all together, we’ll make a beeline for Greeard.”</p>

      <p>Seeing Ms. Radiant nod back, I was now convinced that the mission to take back Lastiara had been accomplished. <em>It’s over.</em></p>

      <p>Of the possible outcomes I’d pictured going in, this was close to the best one. It was safe to call it a smashing success. There’d been more holes in the ritual than I’d anticipated, which had proved fortunate. Or maybe it was more that I was simply too strong. No one in this world could stop me anymore. The mission was such a success that I didn’t feel off base thinking that. I was able to save Lastiara without losing anyone or bringing about any enemy casualties. I knew it was still too early to relax, but I naturally ended up grinning. Dia and Lastiara noticed me smiling and sent smiles of their own my way, their dresses fluttering in the wind. The smiles of those two dressed in pure white costumes were so radiant it ought to have been illegal.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, I’m so relieved.</em></p>

      <p>I was so glad I was able to safeguard those smiles. All we had to do now was get back on our feet in the south and resume Dungeon diving from there. Moreover, given the circumstances, the chances were high that Mr. Hine and Ms. Radiant would help us on our dives. My friends and allies would increase in number, making exploring the Dungeon progress that much more smoothly. The two knights were suitable for labyrinth exploration. Mr. Hine’s wind magic meant we wouldn’t have to worry about flying monsters. Ms. Radiant’s wolf form, meanwhile, meant she could give a ride to the slow-moving magic-users, causing the collective power level of the party to jump dramatically. That being the case, Maria participating in the dive was no longer a pipe dream either.</p>

      <p>At the thought that I had good news to report to Maria, my lips curled even more. I could finally tell her with confidence that we should explore the Dungeon together.</p>

      <p><em>For real, I’m so relieved...</em></p>

      <p>I’d assumed that absconding with Lastiara would be highly risky, but at the end of the day, I’d incurred no losses. In fact, I’d increased the number of allies I could rely on. Dia had made a full recovery and returned as a mage—one who was better than ever before. Lastiara would regain her true identity and go on adventures with me again. Mr. Hine and Ms. Radiant’s loyalty to her was authentic and ironclad, and they would make trustworthy companions.</p>

      <p>With Maria in the mix, it was a party of six. On the larger side as far as parties went, but having a lot of people wasn’t a bad thing in my eyes. As long as I had <em>Connection</em>, we could progress while swapping party members in and out. There was no need to go in every single time as a unit of six. And if I kept gaining more comrades, we could explore the Dungeon using various rosters and rotations. Ahh, my dreams were expanding. My Dungeon diving options were multiplying, and I was delighted from the bottom of my heart. <em>Everything’s going great!</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>