<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>This is Isle Osaki. Thank you all, whether you read from volume one or from <em>Shosetsuka ni Naro</em>. To those only reading this second volume for the first time, it’s good to meet you. I’ve managed to publish this second volume of <em>Zero Believers</em>.</p>

      <p>I’ve got some more background info for you. When I name Japanese characters, I try to give them easy names. Aya Sasaki from this volume is nicknamed Sasa. She was actually based on a real friend I had called Suzuki, which I shortened to Suu. I just adjusted things. By the way, I actually know at least four Suus, so it’s pretty much an everyday word for me now. Stray thought—several of our protagonist’s classmates showed up again in this volume. The only one that had a role in the last volume was Fujiyan, so I ended up not making use of the full class I sent to the new world. The different members of the class will have more time to shine as the story goes on, and I’d like to do some kind of reunion with them. Creating each character is tough though... I’ll do my best. Finally, I want to thank Tam-U, who has continued to provide such wonderful illustrations, and my editor, Y, for all the advice. Finally, to my readers, I hope you enjoy <em>Zero Believers</em> in the future as well.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>