<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Drinking at Mary’s</h2>

      <p>“In you go!” Mary urged.</p>

      <p>Lucy and I did as she asked.</p>

      <p><em>S-So this is a woman’s room...? I’ve never been in one before. It smells kinda good.</em></p>

      <p>“H-Hmmm...it’s a nice place,” Lucy said.</p>

      <p>She was right. The antique furniture along with the classy curtains and carpets all came together brilliantly to create a very feminine room.</p>

      <p>“What’s through here?” I asked, moving toward a door.</p>

      <p>“N-Nooo!” Mary called, stopping me.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...” Lucy said despairingly, “you can’t just go snooping around a girl’s place.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, I guess not.</em></p>

      <p>“Come on, drink up, both of you! I’ll get some snacks together.” Mary pushed a bottle of wine and some glasses toward us before going to the kitchen. It looked like she was getting some cheese and ham together.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve already had a fair bit, though...</em></p>

      <p>We’d been at a bar, and the cocktails there had been pretty strong. Instead of taking some wine, I used magic to pour water into my glass.</p>

      <p>“Makotooo, why’re you going for water?” Lucy wheedled, leaning against me. <em>Is she already drunk?</em></p>

      <p>While that was happening, Mary came back with the snacks. We chatted for a while, picking at the food. It didn’t feel much different from when we drank around the guild. Although, the sense of security from being in a home did make things go quicker.</p>

      <p>“Argh, I’m so hot,” Lucy complained, removing her outer clothing, which was already fairly revealing. The motion twisted her underwear slightly to the side.</p>

      <p>“Lucy...” Mary asked, “was that on purpose, or do you just not realize?”</p>

      <p>“Was <em>what</em> on purpose?”</p>

      <p><em>Mary, she never realizes,</em> I answered in my mind.<em> Why is she so defenseless...?</em></p>

      <p>“I’m hot too,” Mary added.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” <em>She’s undressing too?!</em></p>

      <p>There was now a scantily clad woman on either side of me.</p>

      <p><em>This is bad... It’s gotta be. </em>The situation was no good, and I needed to knock myself out.</p>

      <p>I took a glass of strong booze and downed the whole thing. It burned in my throat as it went back, but I swallowed past it.</p>

      <p>“Whoa...”</p>

      <p>My eyes started swimming instantly and I felt myself drifting off.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“An unfamiliar ceiling...”</p>

      <p>My head was pounding. <em>Where am I?</em></p>

      <p>I looked around and saw Mary rolling and muttering in her sleep, along with Lucy snoring cutely.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I was <em>wide</em> awake.</p>

      <p><em>Right, I got drunk at Mary’s</em>...<em> Okay, up I get. </em></p>

      <p>I could wash up in the river. Leaving her house, I headed for the water, though I had to walk through town to get there.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey! Makoto just came out of Mary’s house!” I heard someone say.</p>

      <p>“What?!” answered another guy.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, damn it.</em> Some adventurers I knew had spotted me. I needed to think up some excuse.</p>

      <p>“Makotooo, why’re you leaving without me,” Lucy called, rubbing her eyes as she wandered out of Mary’s house. The problem, though...was her outfit...</p>

      <p>“L-Look at how she’s dressed...” said one of the adventurers.</p>

      <p>“She definitely had a night of fun...”</p>

      <p>“So the three of them...”</p>

      <p><em>What were they all talking about?!</em></p>

      <p>After that, a strange rumor started to make its way around the guild, and explaining it away took quite a bit of effort.</p>

      <h2>Sasa’s Otherworld Cooking</h2>

      <p>I—Aya Sasaki—woke up. Bizarrely, I wasn’t in a cold cave, but in a warm bed.</p>

      <p><em>Right, this is an inn in the adventurer’s town...</em></p>

      <p>“Morning, Sasa,” I heard out of nowhere.</p>

      <p>“Gah! M-Morning, T-Takatsuki,” I managed to stutter out. I realized he was standing nearby, wearing a smile.</p>

      <p><em>O-Oh yeah, I was able to see Takatsuki again yesterday, and he brought me to a human town.</em></p>

      <p>“Nina’s getting breakfast ready, so you just need to wait a bit.” That was all he said before leaving.</p>

      <p><em>No! He saw me waking up?!</em></p>

      <p>I hadn’t needed to worry about that kind of thing in Labyrinthos, but now, I needed to get used to living around humans again, and fast.</p>

      <p class="centerp">◇</p>

      <p>I asked Takatsuki and Lucy about their plans. Takatsuki said he’d be venturing into the dungeon every day to increase the strength of what he called his “elemental magic.”</p>

      <p><em>All so he could help me with my revenge...</em></p>

      <p>On top of that, the monsters in the dungeon had been agitated recently, making it extremely dangerous. Even so, he was going.</p>

      <p>“Because it’s for you,” he’d told me.</p>

      <p><em>You can’t just </em>say<em> that kind of thing! He’s gotten way better at dealing with women since coming here. And he’s helping me with something so dangerous, right after we reconnected... I feel so bad. Is there anything I can do?</em></p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie, what will you take for provisions? If need be, I can ask Lady Nina to deliver some,” Fujiwara added.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine, I’ll just bring a potion or two.”</p>

      <p>“Are potions...not, essentially, zero calories?”</p>

      <p>“Well, they fill you up at least,” Takatsuki answered.</p>

      <p>So he wasn’t bothered about what he ate in this world either... Well, I guess he’d eaten pretty much nothing but McD*nald’s during junior high.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve got it! I’ll make him lunch!</em> I decided.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“Hmm, the spices are all different...”</p>

      <p>I’d decided to cook with ingredients from this world. The meat, fish, and even vegetables might not be foods I’d seen before, but I could predict how they’d taste. The recipes all called for baking, boiling, or frying. No, the problem was the seasoning. There was salt, which was universal, but...</p>

      <p><em>The sugar...or rather, the sweet stuff, is odd. The actual spices are all nothing like we’d used in Japan.</em></p>

      <p>I’d never seen any of these seasonings before, and I wasn’t entirely sure <em>how</em> to use them as I cooked. The flavors didn’t end up tasting anything like I’d expected, so I was fretting about how difficult it was.</p>

      <p>“What seems to be the problem, Lady Sasaki?” Fujiwara asked.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Fujiwara. Well, you see...”</p>

      <p>“Oho, lunch for our esteemed Tackie to take adventuring! The seasoning must be a concern for you! Just leave that with me!” he said, before vanishing off somewhere.</p>

      <p class="centerp">◇</p>

      <p>“Whaaa?!”</p>

      <p>Lined up in front of me were containers of sugar, soy sauce, miso, mirin, Worcestershire sauce, ketchup, and even mayonnaise.</p>

      <p>“F-Fujiwara, how did you...”</p>

      <p>He chuckled.</p>

      <p>“The Fujiwara Trading Company sells them. After all, reproducing Japanese flavors is necessary when you find yourself in another world!”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...”</p>

      <p>“Now! Use them as you wish! He shall be most pleased.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. I’ll do my best. Thanks, Fujiwara.”</p>

      <p>I made sweet fried eggs, hamburg steak, potato salad, and onigiri.</p>

      <p><em>I-It doesn’t feel like it’s from this world at all... There’s no difference now. Otherworld cooking is difficult.</em></p>

      <p>“Sasa! That lunch was delicious!”</p>

      <p>Well, that doesn’t matter... Takatsuki was happy with it.</p>

      <h2>Class 1-A’s Mini-Reunion</h2>

      <p>The party thrown to celebrate the blight dragons’ defeat was over, and the area had been cleared away. That said, there were still plenty of people drinking. I assumed they’d continue until the morning. With quite a few folks making a racket, it felt like pretty much the same atmosphere as the guild back in Macallan.</p>

      <p>Just as I was thinking we should go, I heard a yell from Sakurai.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki!”</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>“You’re leaving already?” he asked. “Fancy stopping off before the night’s over?”</p>

      <p><em>An after-party?</em> “Hmmm...well today was pretty tiring, so I kinda want to sleep.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” Sakurai answered, slumping. The look on his face made me feel pretty awkward...</p>

      <p>“Come now, my esteemed Tackie, it is an opportunity for us classmates to gather once more.” Even Fujiyan was for it.</p>

      <p>“Oh, hey, Saki!”</p>

      <p>“Aya!”</p>

      <p><em>Sasa and Yokoyama are coming too...</em></p>

      <p>“I’m going to go to bed now,” Lucy declared before leaving.</p>

      <p><em>Well, if everyone else’s going, I guess I can join them...</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“Cheers!” we all chorused.</p>

      <p>There were five of us here: Sakurai, Yokoyama, Sasa, Fujiyan, and me. Nina had offered to keep watch and was waiting outside.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I realized something: <em>Everyone here is from Japan.</em></p>

      <p>Nina and Lucy probably had begged off to arrange it like that.</p>

      <p>Soon, I heard the girls start gossiping.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Aya? How far have you and Takatsuki gone?” Yokoyama asked.</p>

      <p>“Wha?! W-Well... What about you and Sakurai?” Sasa answered.</p>

      <p>“Us? We’re already engaged.”</p>

      <p>“You are?! Congratulations!”</p>

      <p><em>Oh? Sakurai’s engaged?</em></p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, Fujiwara, the two of you usually stay in Roses, right?” asked the guy in question.</p>

      <p>Fujiyan answered for us both. “We do indeed, in a town called Macallan.”</p>

      <p>“What do you usually do there?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm,” I murmured, thinking. “Hunt goblins, I guess?”</p>

      <p>“G-Goblins?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, they’re nasty monsters that attack travelers. But they’re also weak enough that I can take them out, no problem.”</p>

      <p>“Wow...” Sakurai nodded several times in admiration. Still, his reaction...</p>

      <p>“You’ve never seen one before?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I-I have!” he stammered. “From a distance though...barely.”</p>

      <p>So he’d never fought one.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki,” Yokoyama interjected, “Ryousuke’s the hero, so he shouldn’t need to fight the small-fry monsters. That’s what his subordinate knights and I are for.”</p>

      <p>I nodded in understanding, but Sakurai didn’t look particularly happy. He probably didn’t appreciate that things were made easier for him by his “subordinates.” <em>As good a person as ever.</em></p>

      <p>“Sakurai, you’re like the ultimate weapon, so they’ve got to keep you safe,” I commented.</p>

      <p>“Making the knights and Saki fight, just so I stay safe... It feels pathetic.”</p>

      <p>“You’re nothing like that,” I countered. “You were the only one that could beat those blight dragons, and <em>that’s</em> what heroes are for.” Even now, the memory of his single attack splitting those drakes apart was overwhelming. <em>Man, heroes are cool...</em></p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, you were awesome when you took down the harpy queen,” Sasa said, patting me on the shoulder. <em>Had I looked jealous?</em></p>

      <p>“Regardless, it is wonderful for us 1-A students to be gathered in one place!” Fujiyan exclaimed brightly.</p>

      <p>He was right. I’d been left behind at the water temple, and Sasa had been reincarnated into a monster. Sakurai had gained his hero skill, but that had set him against foes like the blight dragons.</p>

      <p>We’d all done well to make it here.</p>

      <p>And so, we spent much of the night making merry with our classmates.</p>

      <h2>A Discussion between a Wicked Deity and Her Believer</h2>

      <p>It was the night after we’d all finished shopping at the bazaar.</p>

      <p>“Say, Makoto? Why didn’t you make a move when those two were all over you like that?” Noah asked me seriously.</p>

      <p><em>All over me...? Does she mean Lucy and Sasa?</em></p>

      <p>“Would it have been better?” I asked in return. I turned to look in her direction but kept practicing my water magic.</p>

      <p>“Well, I know you want to lose your virginity whenever you can, right?”</p>

      <p>“Hey, quit reading my mind or I’ll quit being your believer.”</p>

      <p>“H-Hang on!” she protested, waving her hands around. “I’m a non-mind-reading goddess!”</p>

      <p><em>What’s that supposed to mean? A “non-mind-reading goddess” indeed.</em></p>

      <p>“They only acted like that because of that weird scent,” I told her, my expression composed. “I don’t want to lose it like that—it’s not fair to them.”</p>

      <p>“But you were so tense, right?” she returned with a grin.</p>

      <p>“Guh...”</p>

      <p><em>I was! I thought it was fortune! Agh, I can’t deal with it!</em></p>

      <p>“You’re so calm when fighting monsters, but you go to pieces around pretty girls.”</p>

      <p>“Shut it! Besides, I can’t cope with that forcefulness! I want things to be more romantic when I’m with a girl!” I insisted, as pathetic as it sounded.</p>

      <p>Noah seemed even more pleased, though.</p>

      <p>“I’ll teach my cowardly Makoto a surefire way to get any girl!”</p>

      <p>“W-What?”</p>

      <p>“Okay! Come over here!” She beckoned to me.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t like I had much choice, so I walked over to her, stopping close enough that her skirt was just on the verge of brushing against me.</p>

      <p>“So now!” she declared, snapping her fingers.</p>

      <p><em>What?</em> I thought, as suddenly, a big wall appeared behind me.</p>

      <p>“Here I go.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on, what ar—”</p>

      <p>Before I could finish my question, her hand shot past the side of my face, smacking the wall with a thud.</p>

      <p>“Don’t get so close,” she whispered, in a manly voice for some reason.</p>

      <p><em>Yup, she’s cute.</em></p>

      <p>“I call it the kabedon!” she said smugly, puffing up her chest.</p>

      <p><em>T-That was...</em></p>

      <p>“Noah?”</p>

      <p>“Whaaat?” she asked with a giggle. “Do you have a better opinion of your goddess?”</p>

      <p>I should tell her. “The ‘kabedon’ was already popular before I came here, you know?” If anything, that technique was starting to die out.</p>

      <p>There was silence.</p>

      <p>I can’t believe this useless goddess, shamelessly ripping off our moves and then naming them... As if I wouldn’t know better.</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t call me that!”</p>

      <p>Considering how bad her planning seemed to be, could we really overturn the world like this...? Guess I’d have to pull my weight as her believer.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>