<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Aya Sasaki Awakens in Another World</h1>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Aya Sasaki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>It was freezing. This bus had no heating, and I was shivering.</p>

      <p><em>Why did this happen...?</em></p>

      <p>The heat had stopped working in the middle of a blizzard, and now, a freezing wind was blowing in through a broken window.</p>

      <p>My hands were numb as my breath plumed into white clouds. The air was cold enough that it hurt my lungs.</p>

      <p>No one would be able to bear this.</p>

      <p><em>Well, Takatsuki’s still playing games.</em></p>

      <p>He’d been my best friend in class since middle school, and he was currently playing a video game, just like he would always do during any lunch break.</p>

      <p>He’d been having some silly conversation with Fujiwara until a few moments ago, but they’d quieted down now.</p>

      <p>Fujiwara probably didn’t have the energy anymore.</p>

      <p>The only sounds were the howling wind and Takatsuki tapping the buttons on his console.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe I should say one last thing to him?</em></p>

      <p>Come on, don’t just play. Look over here.</p>

      <p>It’s super cold, right? Are you shivering?</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, maybe something cuter?</em></p>

      <p>Are you enjoying that game? I can never get into RPGs.</p>

      <p>I wanted to play games with him again.</p>

      <p><em>I’m jealous of him. Both his parents work late, so he gets to play on his own into the night.</em></p>

      <p>Takatsuki...</p>

      <p>Hey...</p>

      <p>Look...this way...</p>

      <p>Let me...hear you...one last time...</p>

      <p>The words came to my mind, but none of them left my lips.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t...</em></p>

      <p>My mind descended into darkness.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>There was no light when I woke up. Pitch black. I couldn’t see anything, but I could still think.</p>

      <p><em>What? This is scary.</em></p>

      <p>I couldn’t move my hands. Or my legs. It was like I didn’t even exist.</p>

      <p><em>Am I alive? Or have I died?</em></p>

      <p>Oh, I can move my body. That’s good—I’m probably alive.</p>

      <p><em>It feels bizarre though.</em></p>

      <p>I turned over and it felt like I’d twisted twice. Almost like my body had gotten really long...</p>

      <p><em>I’m probably just imagining things,</em> I eventually thought. <em>I just need to ask someone where I am.</em></p>

      <p>I’d been trapped in a bus before I’d passed out, according to my memories, so this must have been a hospital or something.</p>

      <p>No, it couldn’t be. It wasn’t anything <em>like</em> that.</p>

      <p><em>Anyway, I need to get out!</em></p>

      <p>I wasn’t entirely sure how I was moving, but I thrashed around nonetheless.</p>

      <p><em>Crack!</em></p>

      <p>I heard a harsh sound as I broke through something and leaped outside.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, it’s dark. I can’t see anything.</em></p>

      <p>It wasn’t the complete blackness of earlier; I could see some faint light. Not enough to tell where I was though. I crawled forward with a fuzzy feeling in my head.</p>

      <p>I heard a voice from above. “Oh, so <em>you</em> are the fastest of your sisters, my child.”</p>

      <p>I peered up to where the voice had come from.</p>

      <p>There was a huge, beautiful woman up there. Someone that looked like a Hollywood actress. Despite her beauty, she gave off the impression of being somewhat harsh. I didn’t recognize her either.</p>

      <p>“My adorable child, show me your face.”</p>

      <p><em>No, no, no.</em></p>

      <p>My mom’s more Japanese-looking, and she’s of a more normal height. She wasn’t someone that could turn literally every head as she passed in the street!</p>

      <p>But this woman... Her figure was like a westerner, with the chest, waist, and hi— <em>Hang on?</em></p>

      <p>Wasn’t she a bit too pale?</p>

      <p>And...not wearing clothes?</p>

      <p>With...a strange...lower half?</p>

      <p>She had, uh, scales, and, well, no legs...</p>

      <p>“Oh my, it would seem that your siblings are awakening as well.”</p>

      <p>My siblings? I was the eldest and had four younger brothers. They used to play with me a lot but stopped wanting to hang out with their older sister as we got bigger. I’d felt a little bit abandoned by them recently.</p>

      <p>They used to be like, “Siiiisss! Let’s play!”</p>

      <p><em>But now, they wouldn’t even play video games with me anymore.</em></p>

      <p>I’d complained to Takatsuki about that a fair bit, hadn’t I? Oh, I wonder if he’s safe?</p>

      <p>The sight of him playing his handheld right ’til the end came back to my mind. Seriously, he’d always been so focused on his games, tee hee.</p>

      <p>While I was pondering that, I turned around, not really thinking about anything else.</p>

      <p>And that’s why I couldn’t understand what was happening.</p>

      <p>There were many, <em>many, </em><b><em>many</em></b> of my siblings, right there in front of me.</p>

      <p>They had no limbs.</p>

      <p>They were crawling along the ground.</p>

      <p>They had slick bodies and long eyes.</p>

      <p>Their tongues flicked out...</p>

      <p>They were snakes.</p>

      <p>All around me were...snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes. Snakes.</p>

      <p>Snakes as far as the eye could see.</p>

      <p>I screamed. I couldn’t accept what I was seeing, and I felt my consciousness start to fade.</p>

      <p>Even as I passed out, though, I could vaguely understand one thing.</p>

      <p>I’d become a snake... A snake <em>monster</em>.</p>

      <p><em>Come on, god. Don’t you think this is a bit much?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Several Months Later ◇</p>

      <p>Dear mom, dad, and my little brothers,</p>

      <p>Are you well? I’m doing fine and working hard in this distant other world. My mood, though...</p>

      <p><em>This is the worst...</em></p>

      <p>I’d been reincarnated as a snake. At first, I’d thought it was some nightmare, but this was no dream.</p>

      <p>Lately, I’d also come to realize that this wasn’t Earth. I’d thought that maybe I’d been reborn as some kind of cryptid, but I was <em>sure</em> these creatures didn’t exist in my old world.</p>

      <p>Lamia. That’s what kind of monster I was now. I’d heard that term from the “great mother” who, I suppose, had birthed me. By now, I’d gotten used to being surrounded by snakes all day, but it was still terrifying if I do say so myself.</p>

      <p>I was so glad that I was fine with reptiles. Also, the greatest difference from before was...</p>

      <p>“Hey, hey, that frog was great!”</p>

      <p>“I prefer insects though...”</p>

      <p>“Worms are gross.”</p>

      <p>“They’re kinda muddy-tasting, yeah.”</p>

      <p>My sisters had all been tiny snakes when they’d been born, but now, their upper halves looked like cute little girls. The things they would talk about were far from cute though. <em>They eat frogs and bugs!</em></p>

      <p>I wasn’t an ordinary snake anymore either. I’d shed my skin several times, and now, I was also a human from the waist up.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>