<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Makoto Takatsuki Challenges a Boss</h1>

      <p>“Right, let’s go then,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Do we really need to head out so early?” Lucy grumbled with a sleepy look on her face.</p>

      <p>It was two in the morning, and we were readying ourselves to leave for our fight with the harpy queen.</p>

      <p>“I was sure we’d be going during the day’h,” Nina added.</p>

      <p>“That would be far too naive, Lady Nina! It is a dog-eat-dog world out there, so we must grasp and exploit our nemeses’ weaknesses without mercy,” explained Fujiyan. “Harpies are avian monsters and their visual acuity drops at night.”</p>

      <p>“Plus, they attacked us lamiae while we were sleeping. Turnabout’s fair play!” Sasa declared enthusiastically.</p>

      <p>“The harpies will be sleeping at this time of night,” I said to Sasa, “so let’s lay them to rest for good.”</p>

      <p>“Makoto, that sentiment is a bit scary,” Lucy stated.</p>

      <p>I continued with our briefing. “Lucy and I will move in from outside the dungeon. Nina, Sasa, you wait at the lake. We’ll begin our attack two hours from now, at four in the morning. Fujiyan, you wait here for the good news and the loot from the harpy queen.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Equip yourselves well and remember the items you need. Godspeed, my friends!”</p>

      <p>We all nodded sharply before departing.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“The forests around here get really dark once the sun’s down. I don’t like it,” Lucy said, gripping tightly to my arm. I was using <em>Stealth</em> as we walked through the trees and underbrush.</p>

      <p>The growls and buzzing noises of the animals and insects carried really well in the dark forest. This was also the time of night when many monsters were active.</p>

      <p>“I’ve been back and forth along this route for three days now,” I told her, “so it’s pretty much just a stroll for me now.”</p>

      <p>“Wasn’t that hard on you?” Lucy asked cautiously.</p>

      <p>“Nah, it’s good fun.”</p>

      <p>“Ah... Right...” She sighed, casting a look my way that implied I was a raving lunatic.</p>

      <p>“What’s with the sigh?” The journey to the lair was part of getting ready to face a boss. You couldn’t drop your guard, and the trip was pretty enjoyable as well. The anticipation got me fired up!</p>

      <p>“There’s so much mist that I can barely see. I don’t understand what you could possibly be enjoy—”</p>

      <p>I interrupted her. “The mist is something I asked the elementals for. It’s a pretty good idea, right?”</p>

      <p>“What? All of it?”</p>

      <p>“Pretty much... Also, you’re being a bit loud,” I said, putting my hand over her mouth.</p>

      <p>We moved forward quietly, but the trip was a long one, so it was also somewhat boring.</p>

      <p><em>Oh yeah, I haven’t asked Fujiyan what he prefers in a girl yet. Guess I should invite him out for a drink once we’re done with the battle!</em></p>

      <p><em>Hey,</em> came the goddess’s voice, <em>quit it with the flags.</em></p>

      <p>Well, that was rude, Goddess. I was being careful...</p>

      <p>“Say, Makoto,” Lucy said after a while, “you remember when I went out with Aya the other day?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, did you get along all right?”</p>

      <p><em>Actually, I wonder what they talked about.</em></p>

      <p>“Mostly. Lamiae apparently eat some pretty bad food, so she loved the stuff at the cafe and such.”</p>

      <p>“Right, I guess she’d been eating just raw fish and fruits.” When I’d learned about what her diet had consisted of in the dungeon, I’d felt a wave of sympathy.</p>

      <p>“She mentioned wanting something sweet, but there’s no shop in town that really serves that kind of thing.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, yeah. Fujiyan promised he’d get a hold of some chocolate though,” I said. “What else did you talk about?”</p>

      <p>She didn’t answer immediately.</p>

      <p><em>Uh? Did you two only chat about food?</em></p>

      <p>“We also...talked about what you were like in your old world,” she said eventually.</p>

      <p>“You mean how I was just a loner that liked games?”</p>

      <p><em>I doubt Aya would have said anything </em>too<em> weird.</em></p>

      <p>“And I told her about what you’ve been like in Macallan.”</p>

      <p><em>Hang on... </em>“Why were you just talking about me...?”</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s what Aya wanted to know. And I wanted to know what you used to be like.”</p>

      <p>“Um, all right then...” It was a little embarrassing. But...also kind of exciting?</p>

      <p>As we chatted, we reached our destination.</p>

      <p>“We’re pretty close now. Lucy, you wait here.”</p>

      <p>“Right,” she said. “You’re taking down the lookouts, yeah?”</p>

      <p>“I am.” As I spoke, I set <em>Calm Mind</em> to 99%.</p>

      <p>The thick mist reduced visibility to almost nothing, but <em>Scouting</em> kept track of the harpies’ positions. Obviously, I kept <em>Stealth</em> active the whole time as well. They didn’t notice me as I took silent steps, then attacked.</p>

      <p>There were three harpies in total: one atop a large boulder, another on a low tree branch, and the third was near the hole that led into Labyrinthos. I slashed each one across the throat and stabbed through each heart for good measure. Using my water magic, I controlled the flow of blood spurts, directing them away from me.</p>

      <p>With those harpies dead, we’d now have a little breathing room until the guard changed.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, I’m done,” I told her.</p>

      <p>“It hasn’t even been five minutes... You’d make a good assassin.”</p>

      <p>“That is not my job,” I said defensively. I might have skills suited for an assassin, but I wasn’t going to become one. Officially, at least. Although, despite my protests, I thought that playing as an assassin was great fun!</p>

      <p>And so, we approached the hole to Labyrinthos, then quietly peered inside.</p>

      <p>Within the dungeon, we saw a massive nest-looking structure made from trees and ivy that clung to the ceiling.</p>

      <p>The harpies’ nest.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, you’re up.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. This is for Aya, so I’ll serve up an extra-large helping!”</p>

      <p>Then, she began to chant. Thanks to the giant’s blessing on her staff, she could summon a single <em>Stone Shot</em> without an incantation. However, this time, she was summoning multiple, so she had to incant. Boulder after boulder appeared in the air around us as she murmured the words of the spell.</p>

      <p>“Burn with fire, <em>Imbue</em> <em>Flame</em>.” The massive boulders began to glow brightly, and they lit up the area like the setting sun.</p>

      <p>“Lucy! They’ve noticed!” Several harpies were peering up at us from the nest.</p>

      <p><em>It’s too late! Go, Lucy!</em></p>

      <p>“Meteo Rain!”</p>

      <p>Lucy swung her staff and the burning boulders of various sizes blew away the harpies’ nest, caving in the whole ceiling in the process.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>