<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 8: Makoto Takatsuki Fights alongside the Hero of Light</h1>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Saki Yokoyama’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Do you want a hand, Sakurai?”</p>

      <p>It took me a while to realize that the weak mage alongside Aya was my old classmate, Takatsuki.</p>

      <p>I, Saki Yokoyama, had the skill <em>Sacred Swordfighter</em>. This meant I could use holy blades and coat myself in light, so weak magic would be unable to harm me.</p>

      <p>My power had let me become the Hero of Light’s—that is, Ryousuke’s—adjutant. I also had another skill: <em>Mana Vision</em>.</p>

      <p>Mana was the source of strength in this world, and I could see it. This skill was the reason we’d overcome many of the dangers we’d faced so far, like monsters pretending to be weak or assassins playing the normal person.</p>

      <p>They could change their shape however they wanted, but they couldn’t hide their mana. And when I looked at Takatsuki’s mana, I could only describe it as weak.</p>

      <p>He didn’t seem to have gotten stronger at all, even since I last saw him in the temple. He’d possessed the least mana out of anyone there, so I was sure he’d blown off his training ever since. He’d never studied at school either but had just played video games.</p>

      <p>Ryousuke had put in the effort <em>because</em> he’d gotten such amazing power in this world. But what help could Takatsuki be, if he hadn’t put any work into developing his skills? He always just played around!</p>

      <p>When I opened my mouth, I was just the slightest bit irritated with him. “Takatsuki, if <em>you’re</em> offering a hand, then—”</p>

      <p>“Do you have any good ideas?” Ryousuke asked him, talking over me.</p>

      <p><em>What? We’re actually relying on him?</em></p>

      <p>“Sorta. I won’t know unless I give it a go, though,” Takatsuki answered.</p>

      <p>“Well, we’re outta options here, so I’m all ears.”</p>

      <p><em>What... Takatsuki’s not going to be any help at all.</em></p>

      <p>Although, maybe we should ask the red-headed mage next to him? <em>She</em> has loads of mana. More than I’d seen even in the kingdom.</p>

      <p>“Okay then,” Takatsuki said. “Lucy, Nina, you two wait here. Sasa, mind guiding us?”</p>

      <p>“Sure thing.”</p>

      <p>Or not, if Aya was the only other one coming with us.</p>

      <p>“Will you be all right, Mister Takatsuki’h?”</p>

      <p>“Be careful, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>The two girls in Takatsuki’s party sounded worried. Makes sense. I mean, it goes without saying, but he was pretty weak.</p>

      <p>“I’ll take it easy,” he said breezily.</p>

      <p>Well, that was fine, but he obviously didn’t know the true terror waiting below. He’d probably be on his knees as soon as he saw the blight dragons.</p>

      <p>There were four of us going. Me, Ryousuke, Aya, and Takatsuki.</p>

      <p>Could those two even use flight magic?<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Takatsuki couldn’t. Instead, he used some weird spell to move across the water. Seriously, anyone above mid rank could fly...</p>

      <p>“Yay! We’re faster than the sea serpents.” Aya looked like she was having fun, at least.</p>

      <p>We followed her directions for a while, proceeding deeper into the dungeon.</p>

      <p>“Is this the place, Sasa?”</p>

      <p>“Yup, we need to go to the lower layer, just past here,” Aya answered. “I was always told to never go deeper.”</p>

      <p>She knew more about the dungeon’s layout than I’d expected. Maybe she was an adventurer?</p>

      <p>We were standing on a small island toward the edge of the lake. Under the water in front of us, the mouth of a huge cave was visible. The dungeon layer we were currently on had lightstone embedded in the walls, which lit the place up and made it look almost magical; however, the inside of that cave was pitch-black.</p>

      <p>“The blight dragons are at the end of that cave, but none of us are used to fighting in the water...” Ryousuke explained regretfully. We’d all done our best though, especially considering we were all novices.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t our fault; it was the fault of the prince’s faction for denying us support, along with that Grandsage for not even lifting a finger.</p>

      <p>And now we were relying on some apprentice mage like Takatsuki...</p>

      <p>“So, think you can help?” Ryousuke asked. I didn’t think his hopes would be answered, honestly...</p>

      <p>As expected, Takatsuki crossed his arms and just frowned at the lake.</p>

      <p><em>See? I knew it... There’s nothing he can do...</em></p>

      <p>“All right, so here’s a purely hypothetical question: would they be easier to fight if we could get them out of the water and the dungeon?”</p>

      <p>“You can do that?!” Ryousuke asked. “If we were outside, then I could use the full strength of the <em>Hero of Light</em> skill. If we fight in the sun, we can definitely win.”</p>

      <p>“All right, then. Let’s fetch them out.”</p>

      <p><em>As if you can even make that happen...</em></p>

      <p>Takatsuki started speaking cheerily. “Give me a minute, I’m going to speak to the elementals. There are a lot of them ’round here.”</p>

      <p>“There are?” Aya asked, her head swiveling.</p>

      <p>“You can see elementals?” Ryousuke asked. “That’s amazing.”</p>

      <p>Elementals? I couldn’t see anything, and I had <em>Mana Vision</em>. I’m sure he’s just talking himself up.</p>

      <p>Ryousuke seemed pretty upfront though, so I think he believed it. However, I hadn’t seen any elementals, not even in Highland.</p>

      <p>“Hey, elementals, you good?” Takatsuki said to no one in particular.</p>

      <p>What was that supposed to be? Is <em>that</em> how he asked for help from the elementals?</p>

      <p>“Yeah, we’re having a bit of trouble with them...” he said, again, to empty air. “They’re a real pain.”</p>

      <p><em>No, you’re the pain,</em> I thought.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, that’d be great.”</p>

      <p><em>Does anything he says have any meaning to it...?</em></p>

      <p>“We’re counting on you then,” he said with finality.</p>

      <p>The moment the words left his lips... An immense feeling pressed down on me. That’s what it felt like, along with the sensation of the entire dungeon shaking.</p>

      <p>But that was impossible.</p>

      <p>It was overwhelming; I couldn’t breathe.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What? What’s going on?</em></p>

      <p>“Saki, are you okay?” Aya asked.</p>

      <p>I was in complete panic.</p>

      <p>Everything was bright white, so I couldn’t see anything.</p>

      <p>When I realized that what I was seeing was an immense flood of mana, a chill ran down my back.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell?! Mana? All of it?! That amount isn’t controllable! We’re gonna die!</em></p>

      <p>“Incredible. All this is from the elementals?”</p>

      <p>Even Ryousuke could feel it!</p>

      <p>We needed to stop.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ve never seen so many of them turn up, though,” Takatsuki commented. His own mana was as pitiful as ever.</p>

      <p>However, he was in the center of the whirlpool of elemental mana.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t care how crap of a mage you are, you should be on your knees with that much mana! </em>But...</p>

      <p><em>Is it getting calmer around him?</em></p>

      <p>It was like he was the eye of the storm, the center of this world.</p>

      <p>“Right then, I’ll start casting. It’s gonna be hard to control, so you guys should back off.”</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What was that?!</em></p>

      <p>No human could control this much mana.</p>

      <p>“Saki, let’s leave it to him.” There was a look of trust and hope in Ryousuke’s eyes.</p>

      <p>Why?! He never looked at anyone like that.</p>

      <p>“What about me?” Aya asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, you wait with them,” Takatsuki instructed.</p>

      <p>“Aww, I wanted to see it up close!”</p>

      <p><em>Are you mad?! Aya, you need to get away from him! You’ll get caught up in his magic!</em></p>

      <p>The three of us backed off and just watched him.</p>

      <p><em>C-Can he really control all of that...?</em></p>

      <p>I could barely see his face in the distance, but he seemed excited, and his expression was the same as someone on the verge of pulling a prank.</p>

      <p>“Right then, elementals. <em>Water Magic: Yamata no Orochi</em>.”</p>

      <p>With those words, a monster was born.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>I’d spent a week getting along with the elementals here, and I put all of that effort into the spell.</p>

      <p><em>This was king rank water magic—</em>Yamata no Orochi<em>.</em></p>

      <p>A huge serpent made of water appeared, rearing eight heads. Anyone might’ve mistaken it for a mountain.</p>

      <p>I turned around. Ryousuke looked excited, Sasa’s eyes were sparkling, and Yokoyama had fallen to her knees.</p>

      <p>“Yay! Takatsuki, that’s a snake!” Sasa was a lamia, so I guess she felt some kinship with it.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah...she’s gotten pretty weird.</em></p>

      <p>“Elementals, there’s two <em>gross things</em> down there. Would you throw them out of the dungeon for me?”</p>

      <p>The water serpent hissed out a roar before splashing into the cave, throwing sheets of water and massive waves as it went.</p>

      <p>I could tell that king rank magic was massively strong, even though this was the first time I’d used it.</p>

      <p>I’d heard ultra rank magic could create things that were almost living, but the <em>Orochi</em> actually <em>felt</em> alive. It was terrifying. Lucy had king rank magic as a skill, so did that mean she’d be able to use fire magic like this? She would wipe out the whole party if she butterfingered...</p>

      <p>As I considered that, Ryousuke came up and clapped me on the shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, that’s so cool!” He was in pretty high spirits.</p>

      <p>“I just hope it works on the dragons,” I replied.</p>

      <p>“Was that king rank?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I think it went pretty well for a first attempt.”</p>

      <p>“Wha... Uh... K-King rank?” Yokoyama sputtered.</p>

      <p>Sasa was bracing Yokoyama, and asked her, “Saki, can you stand?”</p>

      <p>“Sasa,” I said, “can I get you to take Yokoyama and meet up with the others?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, but what about you?”</p>

      <p>“I need to keep control of the spell until the blight dragons are out of the dungeon.”</p>

      <p>“What should I do?” Ryousuke asked.</p>

      <p><em>Whoa, where’s all this coming from, Mr. Hero? </em>“Once they’re out, you can do what you want.”</p>

      <p>“G-Got it.”</p>

      <p>While the water magic was king rank and looked pretty flashy, it was still pretty weak and probably wouldn’t kill the dragons.</p>

      <p>“T-Takatsuki!” Yokoyama called suddenly.</p>

      <p>“What’s up?”</p>

      <p>“B-Behind you!”</p>

      <p>There was another huge splash as <em>Orochi</em> slid back up to the surface. A horrible screech echoed around the dungeon, making my hair feel like it was standing on end.</p>

      <p>“That’s...them?” Sasa asked numbly.</p>

      <p>Both blight dragons were writhing within the body of <em>Yamata no Orochi</em>.</p>

      <p>One of them was like a smooth white earthworm, not exactly something I’d call a dragon. Its body was covered in countless gaping mouths, and those mouths were the source of the disgusting noise. The other one had eyes rolling all over its body, constantly moving.</p>

      <p>Neither of them was anything like I’d imagined.</p>

      <p>Blight dragon or evil dragon, whichever you called it... I’d have thought up something more menacing. Honestly, these were...</p>

      <p>“Eww, they’re gross!” Sasa yelled.</p>

      <p>“Yup,” I agreed. <em>Blight dragons, more like gross dragons.</em></p>

      <p>One of them kept up its ghastly shriek as my serpent carried it away. The sound was like nails on a chalkboard and it set my teeth on edge.</p>

      <p>“Right, let’s go, Sakurai.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah...”</p>

      <p>The dragons were winding around within <em>Orochi</em>, trying to escape. I kept control of the water to make sure they couldn’t.</p>

      <p>“How are we getting them outside?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“There’s a hole in the ceiling—we’ll take them up there and chuck them out.”</p>

      <p>That ghastly screaming was still carrying on, making goosebumps appear up my arms. I guess the screech was from the mouthy one.</p>

      <p>“The blight dragon has an effect that makes you uneasy. Are you all right?” asked Sakurai. “Our mages couldn’t use magic when they heard it.”</p>

      <p>“Oh...” It <em>was</em> a bit unsettling, but I could still use my magic. Must be because of the <em>Calm Mind</em> skill. “I think I’ll be fine.”</p>

      <p>“Our high rank mages were wiped out,” he said back, carrying something between a smile and a grimace on his face.</p>

      <p>“So, about the one trying to get an eyeful... Does it do something as well?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, meeting any of its eyes induces fear. You good?”</p>

      <p><em>Calm Mind</em> seemed to be dealing with both of those effects. “Yeah, I’m all okay. What about you?”</p>

      <p>“I have divine protection from the sun goddess, so stat debuffs don’t affect me.”</p>

      <p>I had no words, but he didn’t notice my subdued look. What a cheater he was...</p>

      <p><em>He hasn’t changed at all,</em> I thought with a sigh.</p>

      <p>The blight dragons were still raging, the scream unending. Sakurai was looking excitedly at the dragons twining through the king rank <em>Yamata no Orochi</em>.</p>

      <p>“There are almost no king rank mages, even in Highland,” he said. “I definitely haven’t seen king rank <em>water</em> magic before.”</p>

      <p>“It took me seven days to be able to use this spell even once, and I can’t use it without the elementals’ help,” I explained. “It’s pretty inefficient.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mean the casting itself—there aren’t many mages who could keep it under perfect control like this.”</p>

      <p>That was high praise indeed. <em>This isn’t a praise economy though, it won’t get you anything.</em></p>

      <p>“I can see the opening,” Aya eventually said.</p>

      <p>Sunlight was streaming in from the hole in the ceiling. It was already dawn.</p>

      <p>“I’m glad Lucy opened up that massive hole with Meteo Rain.”</p>

      <p>Sakurai seemed confused. “Takatsuki, what was that you said?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing, just talking to myself.”</p>

      <p><em>Okay, the final move!</em></p>

      <p>“Sakurai, I’ll throw them out. My spell will fade once it leaves the dungeon, so I can’t do this again.”</p>

      <p>“You didn’t say anything about that!” he yelled.</p>

      <p><em>Whoops, maybe I should’ve mentioned that first...</em></p>

      <p>“You’ll be fine,” I told him with a grin.</p>

      <p>“Guh, fine. Leave it to me!” he said, his face firming in conviction.</p>

      <p>“Elementals, we’re going up there,” I said, before climbing onto <em>Yamata no Orochi’s</em> head.</p>

      <p>As I approached, my gaze locked with that of the eye-covered blight dragon.</p>

      <p><em>Urgh, it’s even creepier up close... Let’s finish this up quick.</em></p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Tianlong</em>.”</p>

      <p>The eight-headed <em>Orochi </em>beneath me suddenly morphed into a massive dragon. It wrapped around the two of its blighted brethren and flew off toward the massive hole in the ceiling.</p>

      <p><em>Thank you...elementals.</em></p>

      <p>As soon as we left the dungeon, the elemental magic lost its power and vanished—the blight dragons and I were flung into the sky.</p>

      <p><em>Is Sakurai following us?</em> I wondered.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I saw him, glowing gold.</p>

      <p><em>Is he absorbing the sunlight? </em>The aura around him was getting brighter and brighter.</p>

      <p>That must be his <em>Hero of Light</em> skill. Since I now had the chance, I wanted to take a proper look.</p>

      <p><em>Sakurai, the rest’s up to you.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Ryousuke Sakurai’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>Whoa! He actually did it!</p>

      <p>I’d had no idea how to deal with the blight dragons when they’d been hidden away in the dungeon, but thanks to Takatsuki’s magic, they were now high in the air. Takatsuki had been thrown up alongside them.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I had a thought.</p>

      <p><em>Damn, he can’t fly!</em></p>

      <p>I looked frantically over to him, but he was floating gently down with some umbrella-like thing in his hand. <em>Phew, he’s got some sort of magic item.</em></p>

      <p>He gave me a gesture that indicated he was trusting the rest to me.</p>

      <p><em>All right! It’s my job now!</em></p>

      <p>The two blight dragons were my enemies. I readied my holy sword and began concentrating on the yellow holy aura associated with the <em>Hero of Light</em> skill. Once activated, I transferred the aura to my sword, Aroundight, which had been given to me by Highland.</p>

      <p>Takatsuki’s water dragon had dispersed and was gone; the blight dragons were now free, their ugliness on full display.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t hold back here—full power!</em></p>

      <p>I put both hands on my sword’s hilt and swung it.</p>

      <p>“Oh goddess of the sun, I pray for victory.”</p>

      <p><em>Flash, Sword of Light.</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>