<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Brightness erupted from the holy sword, and the light sliced a cross pattern into the dragons’ flesh. One of the blight dragons burst open.</p>

      <p><em>All right!</em></p>

      <p>The other one must have decided that it couldn’t take that attack, and so it started to escape.</p>

      <p>Obviously, I wasn’t going to <em>let</em> it! It was fast, though. Also...</p>

      <p><em>Is it heading for the town?</em></p>

      <p>Damn it! I gave chase, but I wasn’t catching up at all. The town below was in uproar at the unfamiliar sight.</p>

      <p><em>Is it going to use its breath?!</em></p>

      <p>I couldn’t let that happen. A blight dragon’s breath wasn’t just an attack—it also spread curses. If the breath struck, the whole town would become uninhabitable! However, if I attacked using my full power, the town would be caught in the crossfire.</p>

      <p><em>What should I...?</em></p>

      <p>I glanced at Takatsuki and saw him looking expectantly on, his own hands up in surrender.</p>

      <p>Right...he’d done the best he could for me, and I couldn’t ask for any more.</p>

      <p>Resigning myself to also damaging the town, I readied my sword of light.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the blight dragon slammed into a transparent wall, which caused a <em>shinging</em> noise to ring out as if something was shattering. The beast looked around in confusion.</p>

      <p><em>Was that...a barrier? It looks multi-layered as well...</em></p>

      <p>There was only one mage I could think of who was capable of that. I could see a white-robed figure standing in the air above the huge tent at the center of our garrison.</p>

      <p><em>The Grandsage! </em>She must have cast it!</p>

      <p><em>I can do this! </em>I readied my sword and swung.</p>

      <p><em>Flash, Sword of Light.</em></p>

      <p>The second blight dragon didn’t even have time to shriek before it was sliced apart.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Listen up, you lot! We’re here to celebrate the wondrous defeat of the blight dragons at the hands of the Hero of Light!”</p>

      <p>The Hero’s Tavern was a lot more packed than usual.</p>

      <p>“Highland will foot the bill for tonight. Everyone give your thanks to Princess Noelle!”</p>

      <p>The adventurers bellowed out a cheer. A good portion of the sprawling tavern was dedicated wholly to the most important of the Soleil Knights.</p>

      <p>I could see Sakurai and Yokoyama there. I guess they <em>did</em> play the lead role today.</p>

      <p>“Long live the Hero of Light!”</p>

      <p>“Long live the Soleil Knights!”</p>

      <p>“Sir Sakurai, look this wayyy!”</p>

      <p>“Hold me!”</p>

      <p>“He’s so dreamy!”</p>

      <p>High-pitched shrieks were blanketing the area.</p>

      <p>“Such a commotion,” Fujiyan commented.</p>

      <p>“Let’s just have our own party’h,” added Nina.</p>

      <p>We were sitting around a table that the two of them had prepared, which was loaded up with a whole bunch of food and drink.</p>

      <p>Once Sakurai had killed the two dragons, I’d met up with Lucy and Sasa. Lucy had started asking questions right away about the king rank magic I’d used, and she had some mumblings about her identity.</p>

      <p>Well, even if she possessed the skill, she couldn’t use it.</p>

      <p>Many of the knights had been injured, but thanks to the guild’s help, they’d managed to get out of the dungeon. After the death of the blight dragons, the monsters in Labyrinthos had calmed down, and the town was once more at peace.</p>

      <p>All of that had led us to our current feast.</p>

      <p>“By the way, who was the guy speaking?” He wasn’t from the guild, and he didn’t look like a merchant either.</p>

      <p>“He’s a noble from Highland’h,” Nina told me. “The prime minister’s aide, right, Boss’h?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. He was here as a delegate from the prince’s faction and would have reported to the country if Sir Sakurai had failed but has instead found himself in this role.” Fujiyan snickered.</p>

      <p><em>Man, he knows </em>everything<em>.</em></p>

      <p>“But Makoto helped, right?” Lucy asked. “It’s kinda irritating to see them take all the credit.”</p>

      <p>“That will not happen since Sir Sakurai conveyed our esteemed Tackie’s exploits to the guild. I would wager that they will soon be in contact.”</p>

      <p>“For real, how do you hear all this information so quickly?” I prodded as I lifted my ale. “Anyway, this party’s not for me.”</p>

      <p>I tapped my former classmate on the shoulder as she packed away the meal in front of her. Sasa turned as she took a bite from a chunk of meat on the bone, holding a glass of wine in her hand.</p>

      <p><em>She eats and drinks so much, and yet she’s tiny.</em></p>

      <p>“Sasa, congratulations on taking down the harpy queen.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks. I’m grateful to all of you...particularly you, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“It wasn’t just me,” I said.</p>

      <p>“But, if I hadn’t met you in the dungeon, then...then...” Sasa tightened her grip around my arm and waist as she spoke. She’d been way more touchy-feely lately. Maybe it’s what lamiae are like? Or maybe she was just drunk?</p>

      <p>“Hey! You’re too close!” Lucy shouted.</p>

      <p>“Not really, we’ve always been like this. Right, Takatsuki?”</p>

      <p><em>Have we?</em></p>

      <p>“H-Hm, always...” Lucy murmured. “By the way, Sasa, what are you planning now?”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, that traitor sister of yours is still around somewhere, right?” I asked. If Sasa was planning on searching the dungeon, we’d help her.</p>

      <p>“She is, but I doubt she’s around here anymore. It would be difficult for a single lamia to survive in Labyrinthos.”</p>

      <p>Sasa thought there were too many adventurers on the upper level, and further down, it was too hard for a single lamia to eke out survival. The traitor must’ve fled elsewhere.</p>

      <p>“You’re going back to that town called Macallan, right?” she asked. “Can I come with you?”</p>

      <p>“Of course yo—”</p>

      <p>“Obviously! We’re a party!” Lucy shouted over me. How manly.</p>

      <p>“Good to have you, Sasa.”</p>

      <p>“My eshteeeemed Tackie, I would likewise join shaid party,” Fujiyan added with a distinct slur in his voice.</p>

      <p>“Boss, Boss’h. I think you’ve had a bit much to drink’h.”</p>

      <p>From what I’d heard from Nina, Fujiyan had been worried while waiting for us on his own.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Fujiyan, we’re partners!” I told him.</p>

      <p>“Oh! Partners! I liiike the sound of that!”</p>

      <p>“The pair of you haven’t changed at all,” Sasa said with a bemused laugh.</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, Makoto. How did the Hero of Light defeat them?” Lucy asked. “You were right up close after all.”</p>

      <p>“I was. I saw his sword light up, and then the dragons were a mess.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not enough detail...” she complained.</p>

      <p>It’d been over so fast though, and I hadn’t seen anything else.</p>

      <p>“This pasta’s great,” Sasa remarked.</p>

      <p>“M-Miss Sasaki. That’s one of the bigger plates meant for sharing’h.”</p>

      <p>We’d just gotten into the swing of celebrating when the big shot from Highland called out across the area. “Makoto Takatsuki, the adventurer from Macallan. Her Honored Highness Princess Noelle offers her own thanks. You may approach!”</p>

      <p>The adventurers turned toward us as one.</p>

      <p>Well, that was sobering. I didn’t have any decent memories with princesses.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki, adventurer from Macallan, do not keep Her Highness waiting!”</p>

      <p><em>I can hear you just fine... You don’t need to use my full name every time.</em></p>

      <p>“Do I have to go?” I asked my friends.</p>

      <p>“Obviously! She’s the princess of the biggest country on the continent!” Lucy exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“You must be careful’h,” Nina added.</p>

      <p>“Sir Sakurai is there, so I imagine he will aid you.”</p>

      <p><em>Off I go then, I guess.</em></p>

      <p>“Good luck,” Sasa added, mouth full of roast beef.</p>

      <p><em>Damn it, they’re just pushing it all on me.</em></p>

      <p>With heavy feet, I made my way to the corner of the tavern containing all the knights and nobles. The table had a fine design on it, along with bottles of high-class alcohol and fancy-looking food, which looked different than the fare that this tavern usually served. Maybe I could take some?</p>

      <p>“Hey, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, hey, Sakurai. Why’d he call me over?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I mentioned you to Princess Noelle and she said she wanted to meet you.”</p>

      <p><em>So it’s your fault?!</em></p>

      <p>I gave him a glare which he answered with a laughing apology before leading me over to a noble-looking woman. The older guy who’d partitioned this area off earlier was also there. I suspected that he was some kind of aide.</p>

      <p>“So you are Makoto Takatsuki? Hmph, a sorry sight to present to the princess.”</p>

      <p><em>Excuse me?</em> Where does he get off calling me over and then insulting me?</p>

      <p>“What is your job?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“I’m an apprentice mage,” I answered after a pause. I might have a skill that made me an elementalist, but that wasn’t seen as a job, so I just gave the one written in my Soul Book.</p>

      <p>“An apprentice?! Not the companion of our otherworldly hero?! A low-born like you should—”</p>

      <p>“Robert, I summoned him. Contain yourself.”</p>

      <p>“My apologies,” the man said reluctantly, taking a step back.</p>

      <p>Getting along with him would be a lost cause.</p>

      <p>“It’s nice to meet you, Makoto. I am Noelle Althena Highland, priestess of the sun goddess. I offer our gratitude for your aid in the subjugation of the blight dragons.”</p>

      <p>Her voice was clear, almost like an instrument being played into my ear. She had beautiful blonde hair and large blue eyes. She was the very picture of a princess.</p>

      <p>“My name is Makoto Takatsuki. I am deeply honored for your acknowledgment...but the blight dragons were defeated by Sakurai.”</p>

      <p>“It wasn’t just me,” Sakurai protested. “It’s only because of you that we suffered no casualties.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, it seems that the two of you are well-acquainted,” the princess said with a smile.</p>

      <p>Her smile was charismatic, and it reminded me of the idols from our old world. She seemed much more amiable than I’d expected from someone so highly ranked in the biggest country on the continent. I didn’t doubt that she was popular with her commoners as well.</p>

      <p>“You will be thanked more properly in the future—these are mere greetings,” she added.</p>

      <p>“Umm...it’s an honor.”</p>

      <p><em>Nope, no good. What should I say? Sakurai! Help!</em> I thought, glancing over at my former classmate.</p>

      <p>“Princess Noelle. Takatsuki is a capable mage, so perhaps you could invite him as a guest of Highland?”</p>

      <p><em>No! That’s not what I meant! Take a hint!</em></p>

      <p>“It is rather rare for you to go so far, Ryousuke. He is, however, a citizen of Roses. Sophia will be rather put out with me if I just take him. Isn’t that right, Sophia?”</p>

      <p><em>Ugh, so she’s here too.</em></p>

      <p>I glanced over and saw Princess Sophia, the Priestess of the Water Goddess, standing there.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, he is a citizen of Roses. It is good to meet you, Makoto Takatsuki. Thank you for coming.”</p>

      <p>She’d completely forgotten me. Well, I suppose a princess wouldn’t remember everyone they’d only met once.</p>

      <p>“You insolent man! You are before Princess Sophia! Show some respect and kneel!”</p>

      <p>Just as I was trying to decide how to greet her, the knight next to her started yelling at me.</p>

      <p>Oh, it was her personal guard. Guess he was here too. I suppose it’d been a while since I’d seen him, but he was as loud as ever.</p>

      <p><em>So...am I not supposed to stay standing in front of a princess?</em></p>

      <p>I glanced at Princess Noelle.</p>

      <p>“Things aren’t so formal today,” she said with a smile.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, she’s much more lenient. More easygoing. On the other hand...</em></p>

      <p>Princess Sophia continued without smiling. “You need not worry, Makoto Takatsuki. You seem to be a capable mage. I would grant you the divine protection of our country’s patron goddess. I would also welcome you as one of the most honored mages in our country.”</p>

      <p><em>You...what?</em></p>

      <p>“Show your gratitude! I’ll be working you hard!” the knight blathered on next to her.</p>

      <p>I was getting pretty pissed.</p>

      <p><em>You lot turned your backs on me in the Water Temple. When I really wanted that blessing, you all told me that I lacked the necessary training.</em> <em>Didn’t you just glance at me and think “some other time”? And</em> now<em> you’re back, out of nowhere, offering that very blessing?</em></p>

      <p>My two-year-old anger reignited.</p>

      <p>“I’ll pass,” I said.</p>

      <p>“What was that?” the knight demanded, stepping closer. “Do you understand the position you are in?”</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki, does something displease you?” asked Princess Sophia.</p>

      <p>Seriously, full marks to this pair.</p>

      <p>The words just seemed to fall from my mouth. “You turned your backs on me when I wanted to follow the water goddess two years ago, and now you want me? Rather selfish, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>No, these were nobles and royals. In this world, they were the elite. This wasn’t Japan, after all, but a kingdom <em>ruled</em> by them. They may have been selfish, but it didn’t do me any good to go against them. Even so, I wouldn’t roll over and become their subordinate either.</p>

      <p>“Are you...?” the princess began. Maybe she had some clue now.</p>

      <p>“Don’t think you can take that tone with Her Highness and remain in Roses!” the knight yelled, blatantly threatening.</p>

      <p>“I’ll leave then. I’m not working for you people.”</p>

      <p><em>Whoops, I said it... </em>That was...perhaps rash.</p>

      <p><em>My my, Makoto, how short-tempered.</em></p>

      <p>Yeah, Goddess, that’s accurate. I’m too inexperienced with this sort of thing.</p>

      <p>“Oh, if you have nowhere to go, then Highland will welcome you with open arms,” Princess Noelle suggested with a smile.</p>

      <p>That might not be a bad idea actually.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia was sporting a sour look on her face.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...” Sakurai said. “If you need help, just tell me.”</p>

      <p>“Right... Thanks, Sakurai.”</p>

      <p>I gave Highland’s princess and Sakurai a slight bow and then left. I didn’t spare a look at the other one or her knight.</p>

      <p><em>Urgh, I screwed up...</em></p>

      <p>My feet were even heavier as I made my way back to everyone.</p>

      <p>“Mister Takatsuki’h...”</p>

      <p>“Makoto...”</p>

      <p>Nina and Lucy had looks varying between shock and concern on their faces as I got back. Both of them had great hearing, so they must’ve heard me.</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie, being rude to Princess Sophia is something I would...”</p>

      <p>“Nah, I really screwed up,” I admitted to him.</p>

      <p>He cackled.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, have something sweet and calm down,” Sasa said, pushing a cake toward me. I didn’t know we’d gotten cakes too.</p>

      <p>“That was a shock’h,” Nina said. “I’ve never seen you so angry’h.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, they ignored him two years ago, then forgot about it, and now they want him to work for them? Obviously he’s angry!” Lucy was being sentimental, but she was always on my side.</p>

      <p>I was glad for that, to be honest.</p>

      <p>“Tackie... Will you leave Macallan and move to Highland?” Fujiyan asked sadly.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, well, her knight did tell me to leave...”</p>

      <p>“We’re going to the country Sakurai’s in?” Sasa wondered while wolfing down doughnuts and pancakes. Hadn’t she eaten enough sweet things?</p>

      <p>“Not like I have much choice.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll come with you, then.”</p>

      <p>I turned to Sasa in surprise.</p>

      <p>“What do you look like that for?” she asked. “It’s not as if I have much choice—you’re really all I’ve got.” She gave me an expectant look as she downed her wine.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t entirely sure that wine and doughnuts went together.</p>

      <p>“Hmmm, Highland...” Lucy mused with an odd look on her face.</p>

      <p>“Do you not want to go?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Highland is very human supremacist’h. Elves like Lucy and beastmen like me find it difficult to live there’h,” Nina told me.</p>

      <p><em>Oh? It is? Never knew that.</em></p>

      <p>“Demi-humans and beastears in Highland get worse treatment than humans. I am not personally well-disposed toward it. One of the benefits of Roses is the relatively low incidence of such discrimination.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re focusing on your preferences over profit?” I asked him.</p>

      <p>“But naturally!”</p>

      <p>Yup, same old Fujiyan.</p>

      <p>“Nina, do you dislike the country too?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“The nobles and merchants there constantly harass us. We cannot speak too curtly of our clients, though’h.”</p>

      <p><em>H-Hmmm. Nina doesn’t have a great impression of the country either.</em></p>

      <p>“Most importantly,” Fujiyan continued, “if Lady Sasaki’s status as a lamia were to be discovered, then that would be the end of things. You would certainly be driven out.”</p>

      <p>“Right... I guess my goddess getting discovered would end pretty much the same...”</p>

      <p>“That’s the same everywhere!” the three other than Sasa chorused.</p>

      <p>Oh, yeah...</p>

      <p>“I’d never see Lucas, Mary, or the skewer guy. Jean or Emily either...”</p>

      <p>“So will you give up on leaving the country?” Fujiyan asked expectantly.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, maybe I should apologize...” I’d really run my mouth, so I didn’t exactly want to face her. Maybe I should ask Sakurai? Hmm, but...</p>

      <p>“Hey, things got pretty tense.” As I fretted, the handsome hero in question spoke up next to me.</p>

      <p><em>You bastard! Whose fault do you think it is?!</em></p>

      <p>“That’s because you just had to go and make that suggestion,” I told him. “Do something about it.” I sent him a glare.</p>

      <p>Yokoyama was at his side, hiding slightly behind him.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. You can join the Soleil Knights and I’ll support you with all my strength,” Sakurai told me with a grin.</p>

      <p><em>I have no idea what he’s talking about.</em></p>

      <p>“That’s not gonna happen.”</p>

      <p>The Soleil Knights? So, the army, essentially? In school, I’d been a proud member of the go-home club. I was never going to join that group representing the pinnacle of jocks!</p>

      <p>Don’t make me laugh! I’d drop out within a day.</p>

      <p>“T-Takatsuki. Um, thank you...for earlier,” Yokoyama said, bowing her head. It was actually pretty rare that she’d speak to me.</p>

      <p>Also, was she...afraid?</p>

      <p>“It was no big deal,” I told her.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What?! You used king rank magic and you were the second-most valuable person during the quest! There are not many mages in Highland that could have cast that magic!”</p>

      <p>Everyone brought up the rank of my spell, but no one knew that it’d taken seven days for me to get the ability to use it <em>once</em>.</p>

      <p>“Well, whatever. Did you need something, Sakurai?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. The Grandsage wants to meet you...well, wants to meet the elementalist.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wow!” Lucy exclaimed. “She rarely ever shows herself to people! That’s great, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>It was almost like she was happy for herself.</p>

      <p>“Urgh...I don’t want to meet any more big shots. Can I give it a miss?” Things had gone terribly earlier, even if it had been my own fault.</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie... The Grandsage is the third-most influential person in Highland. You should likely answer her summons...”</p>

      <p>“Mister Takatsuki’h... She has greater standing than even Princess Noelle’h.”</p>

      <p>The looks of disappointment on their faces let me know that I’d have to go.</p>

      <p>“Do I have to go alone?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Nope, she said you can bring your friends,” Sakurai told me.</p>

      <p>“Right. Lucy, Sasa, you’re coming with.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t want to be alone with her.</p>

      <p>“I can? Yay!” Lucy leaped with joy.</p>

      <p>“Ugh, that sounds annoying. I’ll stay,” Sasa decided with a grimace.</p>

      <p>“No, you’re coming.”</p>

      <p>“Aww, you tyrant!”</p>

      <p>Despite her protests, I dragged along our ever-eating friend.</p>

      <p>“Fujiyan?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Well, I’d like to meet her, but we cannot leave the table unattended, so I shall stay.”</p>

      <p>“Mister Takatsuki, don’t pick a fight with her’h.” Nina looked like an older sister worrying after her little brother who’d gone off the rails.</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t do that...” I said.</p>

      <p>And so, we followed Sakurai to their garrison.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>On our way, I asked Lucy, “Do you know what kind of person the Grandsage is?”</p>

      <p>“She’s way too above us, so no,” was her answer.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, figures...”</p>

      <p>The lessons at the temple had taught me that she was a mage and that she was behind much of Highland’s influence. I’d also learned that she was beyond average mages like us, even after a lifetime.</p>

      <p>“The first Grandsage was a hero that fought alongside Abel the Savior a thousand years ago. The person you’re going to meet is the fifteenth holder of that title,” Sakurai explained.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, even if the first one is great, that doesn’t mean the successors are,” Sasa sniped. Well, that was a tad harsh. Hopefully, she doesn’t say it in front of the actual sage. Though, I actually thought the same.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true, Aya,” he added. “There’s a skill called <em>Inheritance</em>.”</p>

      <p>“The power is passed down through each of them, and that’s why she’s called the Grandsage.”</p>

      <p>“Huh, I get it.” So the legendary mage’s power had been passed down through the ages? That sounded strong. While I was considering that, we arrived at a big tent.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I heard something like static in my ears.</p>

      <p><em>M..k...to. Makoto! Don’t...inside! D...mn it! ...rrier...</em></p>

      <p>Goddess? Is something wrong?</p>

      <p><em>You can’t...meet...</em></p>

      <p>What was that? Things between us had never felt so disjointed before. What should we do...? Maybe avoiding her would be best.</p>

      <p>“Grandsage. It’s Sakurai, acting leader of the Seventh Order of the Soleil Knights. I have brought the elementalist Takatsuki with me,” he called into the tent.</p>

      <p><em>What should I do...?</em></p>

      <p>Maybe I should follow my goddess’s advice and leave? We’d come so far though.</p>

      <p>“Grandsage? Are you there?”</p>

      <p>We heard no answer to his calls.</p>

      <p>“Maybe she’s out?” Lucy suggested.</p>

      <p>Right! Then we can leave.</p>

      <p>“Eh? You want them to come in alone?” Sakurai seemingly asked the air. “A-All right, I understand.”</p>

      <p>“Sakurai, what’s up?” I asked, turning to him as he talked to himself.</p>

      <p>“The Grandsage was speaking to me with <em>Telepathy</em>. She wants just you three to go in.”</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p><em>Come with us, Sakurai. I’m getting more and more nervous.</em> But as I was getting my thoughts in order, he pushed us into the tent.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Excuuuse us...”</p>

      <p>The tent was dark, with the odd lantern floating in the air.</p>

      <p>The whole area was full of stuff, and we threaded our way through the furniture, venturing further inside the tent along what were practically corridors. At the end of the path, we found a small, white-robed mage sitting on a huge sofa. Should we get closer?</p>

      <p>“Come this way. Talking like this is difficult.” Her voice was that of a young girl, not an elderly woman like I’d imagined.</p>

      <p>I did what she asked, moving to just a few meters away. I could see pure-white hair covered by her hood. She sure was the <em>white</em> Grandsage.</p>

      <p>“I’m Makoto Takatsuki, an apprentice mage. These are my companions, Lucy J. Walker and Aya Sasaki.”</p>

      <p>“It’s good to meet you all.”</p>

      <p>“Hi there.”</p>

      <p>The Grandsage stalked over to us and glared steadily in our direction. She looked like a gorgeous young girl at first, but there was something <em>off</em> about her. Her red eyes were piercing and seemed to look right through us.</p>

      <p>How old was she? She couldn’t be as young as she looked.</p>

      <p>“So you’re a cross between an elf and a demon,” she said, looking at Lucy.</p>

      <p>She shifted her gaze to Sasa. “So you’re a lamia. Strong enough to be a calamity level monster as well. Interesting,” she grinned.</p>

      <p><em>Crap! She’s got </em>Appraisal<em>!</em></p>

      <p>Sasa looked puzzled, not quite understanding the situation.</p>

      <p><em>Argh, damn it!</em></p>

      <p>Demons and monsters were hunted! I should have listened to the goddess!</p>

      <p>“No need to be so wary,” the Grandsage said with a wide grin. “You helped the Hero of Light boy, didn’t you? Elementalists are rare nowadays, so I thought it’d be interesting to meet you. Your friends are intriguing in their own rights.”</p>

      <p>She...didn’t care that they were part-demon and a monster?</p>

      <p>“It seems that I gave you a bit of a shock. Come and sit, I’ll give you a cup of tea.” She gestured toward an aged table, big and round, surrounded by old-looking chairs. Maybe they were antiques? They sure looked expensive.</p>

      <p>“You sit here,” she said to me, gesturing to the seat next to her for some reason.</p>

      <p><em>Th-That makes me more nervous.</em></p>

      <p>Just as I was wondering whether she had some servant, a pot of tea came floating in and landed in front of us, along with a complement of teacups. Tea was magically poured out into the cups, and the accompanying aroma was vaguely citrus.</p>

      <p><em>She used magic as a part of life? People with mana to burn sure have it easy, huh?</em></p>

      <p>“As for snacks...these should do.”</p>

      <p>A plate piled high with food appeared in front of us.</p>

      <p><em>How did she...?</em></p>

      <p>“Wh-Was that a <em>Teleport</em>?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Well spotted.”</p>

      <p><em>Th-That was a chantless </em>Teleport<em>.</em></p>

      <p>It was a spell that was just this side of legendary, something only very few people on the continent could use. She was beyond everything... No way we could stand against her. Actually, we probably couldn’t even run...</p>

      <p>“So, what did you need with us?” I asked as Sasa dug into the snacks.</p>

      <p><em>Sasa’s sure got some bravery...</em> I mused. It was hardly surprising though, considering that she’d grown up in the dungeon.</p>

      <p>“As I already said, I was just interested. I heard that someone dragged out those blight dragons with elemental magic. I’d estimated that it would take the Hero of Light boy another month or so to defeat them.”</p>

      <p>“Wouldn’t it have been over right away if you’d helped him?” I asked, remembering what Yokoyama had told us.</p>

      <p>“If I had, then this exercise wouldn’t have been useful training. The Great Demon Lord is returning, and if the Hero of Light had struggled with just two evil dragons, then we’d have an issue on our hands.”</p>

      <p>That made sense—she purposefully hadn’t helped.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally...” she continued. “Red-headed mage.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?” Lucy asked, her nerves stopping her from speaking much.</p>

      <p>“Have you realized that your mana is heating your body?”</p>

      <p>“Wha?”</p>

      <p>I shared her surprise.</p>

      <p>“Did you just think that it was your nature? It’s due to your mana being out of control.”</p>

      <p>“H-How do I...?”</p>

      <p>“Take this. Wear it,” the Grandsage said, rolling a bracelet over to Lucy. “It’s an item that calms mana flows. It costs about the same as a house, just so you know. Use it well.”</p>

      <p>“A-Are you sure?” I asked timidly. Wasn’t she being way too kind? She wasn’t going to stick us with a massive bill later, was she?</p>

      <p>“The Great Demon Lord will be back soon, so we need strong fighters. I’m not about to leave an untapped mage like that.” At the end of her statement, she turned to Sasa. “Hungry lamia over there,” she said.</p>

      <p>“Yesh?”</p>

      <p><em>Sasa! Come on, at least finish what’s in your mouth first!</em></p>

      <p>“The <em>Transformation</em> skill you have is superb. You aren’t some half-finished blue humanoid, but a complete human. In fact, you should be able to use it to transform into anything, even a dragon or demon.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? My sisters taught it to us as human disguise magic.”</p>

      <p>“That’s the skill lamiae have, but your skill is on a higher level.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see... Thank you.”</p>

      <p>This was incredible. She was just handing out useful items and advice. Was she a support character?</p>

      <p>“Now, elementalist, you’re the problem.”</p>

      <p>“I’m just a human,” I told her after a minute.</p>

      <p>“Oh?” Her eyes narrowed in amusement as she put her hand on my head.</p>

      <p>She was like Sasa; her hands were cold.</p>

      <p>“Let’s take a look at your stats. It’s easier to use <em>Appraisal</em> with skin contact... Well now, you have a rather one-sided distribution. Everything’s low other than your proficiency with water magic.”</p>

      <p>Her magic kinda tickled.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... That won’t do.” Suddenly, she grabbed at my head. “Are you a wicked deity’s disciple?”</p>

      <p>Time froze.</p>

      <p>Lucy and I were speechless, and the only sound was Sasa opening snacks.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no, I’m not,” I said robotically, trying to gloss things over with a smile.</p>

      <p>It was a crime. The worst crime, in fact. One that carried the death penalty. I could remember Fujiyan, Nina, and Lucy telling me that.</p>

      <p>“Disciple of the Wicked Deity Noah... You’re the second one I’ve met.” There was an inscrutable expression on her face as her hand remained on top of my head.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no...there’s some mistake...”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure it was a thousand years ago—the Mad Hero that followed the Great Demon Lord.”</p>

      <p>“What? The legendary hero-killer?” Lucy interrupted.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, who’s the Mad Hero?”</p>

      <p>“In the story of the savior, he was an enemy of mankind and the Great Demon Lord’s right-hand man. He’s said to have been a berserker that killed every hero except the Hero of Light. Abel the Savior finally killed him...apparently. That...was Noah’s disciple?”</p>

      <p><em>Uh, Noah, what are you doing? You didn’t mention any of that,</em> I thought as Lucy got more and more worried.</p>

      <p>“But...the disciple I knew was much more crazed. He couldn’t hold a conversation at least.”</p>

      <p>What had happened to him?</p>

      <p>“It sounds like you saw him,” I commented.</p>

      <p>“I did...I have the memories from back then.”</p>

      <p>That must be the <em>Inheritance</em> skill.</p>

      <p>“Will you remain her disciple?” she asked, sharp gaze boring into my eyes.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What do I tell her?</em></p>

      <p>“Well, um...I’m not the disciple of a wicked deity...” It grated, but all I could do was continue the same excuse.</p>

      <p>“So you still will not admit it... Hmm, let’s leave things there, then.” She released her grip, mussing up my hair before removing her hand.</p>

      <p>“When you come to Highland, seek me out. I’ll train you.”</p>

      <p>Uh? That’s it?</p>

      <p>“U-Um, are you sure?”</p>

      <p>A demon, a monster, and a wicked deity’s disciple. We were a triple threat party. She’d just overlook that?</p>

      <p>“I already explained. We need many strong fighters to prepare for the Great Demon Lord’s revival. If you stand against us, then I will take responsibility and deal with you.” She grinned.</p>

      <p><em>Whoa, scary.</em></p>

      <p>“But...we’re not planning on fighting, right?”</p>

      <p>“We’re not?” Sasa asked in surprise.</p>

      <p>I’m no hero. I’m not even strong.</p>

      <p>“If the Great Demon Lord is resurrected, the people living here, along with the demons, will be at war. If we lose, we will all be cattle for the demons.”</p>

      <p>So we won’t be able to avoid it?</p>

      <p>“Elementalist, I would suggest that you stop following your goddess before the next time we meet. Being her believer will bring nothing but misfortune.”</p>

      <p>Once the Grandsage had finished speaking, she lay down sideways. In moments, I could hear snoring.</p>

      <p>Was she asleep?!</p>

      <p>She’d just ended up giving us advice and an item. If you ignored the last bit, this encounter could be considered perfect...<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I was conflicted as we got back to our table. The feast looked to be moving toward its end.</p>

      <p><em>I’m all sobered up...</em></p>

      <p>I was swaying as I walked and I’d completely lost my appetite. My head was foggy too.</p>

      <p>“Mister Takatsuki, you’ve got a guest’h,” Nina said, poking me in the shoulder.</p>

      <p>The guest in question was the water goddess’s priestess, the princess of Roses, Sophia Eir Roses.</p>

      <p>And here I was, already depressed after what’d happened with the Grandsage...</p>

      <p><em>So here you come on top of everything...</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki. May I have a moment?”</p>

      <p>It was a cold, piercing voice that felt like the chill of spring water. As she came to our table, her expression was as emotionless as ever. She had a knight guarding her, but it wasn’t the self-important guy from earlier.</p>

      <p>“What do you need?” I asked, using <em>Calm Mind</em> to feign, well, <em>calm</em> for our conversation.</p>

      <p>“I made him resign as my bodyguard.”</p>

      <p>“What?” I didn’t understand what she’d meant at first, but after a minute, I realized that she was talking about the loud guard.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, she fired him?</em></p>

      <p>“It was punishment for the discomfort he placed on the hero that saved Labyrinth Town. Will you forgive us?”</p>

      <p>“Forget forgiveness, I... Actually, I’m not a hero to begin with.”</p>

      <p>“You are one of the heroes that came here from another world. I would like you to remain in Roses.”</p>

      <p><em>Huh...</em></p>

      <p>I was shocked that she was being so appeasing. I was just an apprentice mage.</p>

      <p>“Hey, hey,” Lucy said, pulling on my sleeve.</p>

      <p><em>I get it, okay? You don’t need to pull me.</em></p>

      <p>“I rather like Macallan, so I’ll keep working as an adventurer there.”</p>

      <p>When she heard that, her expression shifted slightly into relief, before immediately returning to its original blankness.</p>

      <p>“Is there anything that you want? If it is something I can grant, I would be happy to.”</p>

      <p>Oh, well that was generous. There wasn’t anything I wanted, though... <em>Wait, I know. I can do something for my friend, seeing as he’s always helping me.</em></p>

      <p>“Actually, this has to do with my friend Fujiwara here.”</p>

      <p>“T-Tackie?!” he managed, strangled. He should’ve known where I was going, though. Surely he was using his <em>Waifu Game Player</em> skill to read my mind?</p>

      <p>“Our efforts so far would have been impossible without his support. He, too, is one of the heroes from our world, and he has been vital to my success.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” she said. “What precisely would you have me do?”</p>

      <p><em>Fujiyan, sorry for bringing this up out of nowhere. </em>He was telling me with his eyes that it was too sudden, but I’d thought of something.</p>

      <p>“Maybe something like free trade through the country, particularly in noble towns.”</p>

      <p>“Very well, I will allow it in my name. Please come to the capital soon.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” we both chorused with a bow.</p>

      <p>That should work.</p>

      <p>“I hope we will meet again,” she said before leaving.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie! I did not think you would pull me in so suddenly!” Fujiyan protested, smacking me.</p>

      <p>“Ah, my bad. Aren’t you glad with how it turned out, though?”</p>

      <p>“It is wonderful! For my trade to be guaranteed in the first princess’s name is incredible! It is a winner-take-all situation for me in Roses now...”</p>

      <p>That look on his face was a bit creepy...</p>

      <p>“M-Mister Takatsuki, that was terrifying’h...” Nina said with a tight smile.</p>

      <p>“Did I do something strange?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Makoto... When a royal asks you that, you’re supposed to refuse it once.”</p>

      <p>“The boss knows no fear either’h.”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t know that, though,” I pointed out. “I’m an otherworlder, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Still, she really wanted you to stay,” Sasa commented.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, after how rude they were earlier, she was sure easygoing.”</p>

      <p>“I would imagine that she was internally seething,” Fujiyan commented.</p>

      <p>If he was saying that, it must be true. Eh, whatever.</p>

      <p>“The warriors and mages that Roses initially scouted have all left the country or have gotten too injured to fight’h,” Nina explained.</p>

      <p>Oh, they have?</p>

      <p>“Our classmates too?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Apparently, they could not meet the strict laws of Roses. This country is a theocratic kingdom, and there are many laws and customs that come with it,” added Fujiyan.</p>

      <p>Right, the country was pretty big on the whole religion thing.</p>

      <p>“It’s led to rumors of Princess Sophia having no discernment’h,” Nina took up the explanation. “While Princess Noelle has nothing but capable people around her’h.”</p>

      <p>Oh, so some rather harsh rumors.</p>

      <p>“So that’s why she was so desperate to keep an apprentice mage that she’d previously turned her back on,” I said in realization.</p>

      <p>“Well, we don’t have to leave Roses now, so that’s fine!” Lucy exclaimed.</p>

      <p>She was right.</p>

      <p>“Let’s head home then, back to Macallan.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah!”</p>

      <p>I wanted to go eat some skewers and talk things through with Lucas and Mary. I needed to tell Jean and Emily about Labyrinthos as well. We also needed to show Sasa around town.</p>

      <p>Thus ended our adventure to Labyrinthos. There were still doubts in my heart, though. Especially because of the words that the Grandsage had said about Noah’s previous disciple.</p>

      <p>It looked like I needed to talk to the goddess.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>