<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ In the Harpies’ Nest ◇</p>

      <p><em>Something’s outside,</em> one of the harpies thought. <em>What are the lookouts doing?</em></p>

      <p>Harpies were monsters, but they were also highly intelligent beings that acted as a collective, utilizing significant self-preservation skills.</p>

      <p>A harpy near the entrance had immediately noticed something unusual, and they looked out, only to gasp in shock.</p>

      <p>The light outside of the dungeon looked bright enough to be the coming dawn. But by the time the harpy realized that it was a magic attack on the nest, the spell had already struck.</p>

      <p>Their home was mercilessly destroyed. Fire licked at the nest as several harpies were crushed by the falling ceiling.</p>

      <p>However, some of them avoided such a fate—nothing could strike them down if they could flee to the sky!</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the flying harpies were swallowed by water.</p>

      <p><em>What?! </em>the harpies thought in unison. They couldn’t swim well and usually would avoid even attempting it.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What’s going on?!</em> was the next thought of the collective.</p>

      <p>But regardless, they fell, unable to calmly understand the situation before they struck the lake beneath them.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Aya Sasaki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Miss Sasaki!” Nina yelled.</p>

      <p>“Nina! Looks like they managed it!”</p>

      <p>We’d been hiding behind a waterfall by the lake, but then, we heard a roar as the ceiling collapsed. The harpies’ filthy nest fell alongside its occupants, and all of it was engulfed in a huge amount of water.</p>

      <p>“Miss Lucy’s Meteo Rain and Mister Takatsuki’s ultra rank <em>Tianlong</em> are a rather vicious combination.”</p>

      <p>“There are sea serpents and king crocodiles in the lake,” I said. “They should feed on the harpies.”</p>

      <p>“Looks like they’re attacking right away’h.”</p>

      <p>The harpies tried to splash their way out of the water, but the aquatic monsters had the upper hand. Every so often, one or two harpies would escape the lake, and Nina or I would send them flying back into the water with a yell.</p>

      <p>One by one, the harpies screeched as they were dragged beneath the water.</p>

      <p><em>This is for my family! None of you are getting away!</em></p>

      <p>“Looks like there are none left,” I said eventually, breathing heavily.</p>

      <p>“Now we just need to find out where the queen went’h...”</p>

      <p>We searched around the cave, but there was no sign of her. Did she get away? <em>Damn! We were so close!</em></p>

      <p>“Heeeyyy, Sasa, Nina!”</p>

      <p>Takatsuki and Lucy drifted down from the ceiling after a while. They had small umbrella-like things in their hands. Apparently, these were called Parachutes and, when opened, their enchantment made the user float down gently, even from high places.</p>

      <p>Fujiwara had all sorts of useful items.</p>

      <p>“How’d it go?” Makoto asked. “Did you take down the harpy queen?”</p>

      <p>“Not yet. We’re not sure if she fell with the rest’h.”</p>

      <p>“Makoto, is your <em>Scouting</em> skill picking anything up?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“There are too many monsters around,” he replied. “I can’t tell them apart.”</p>

      <p><em>Where is she?</em> The noisy dungeon had gone oddly silent and there were no harpies in sight. We must’ve gotten them all.</p>

      <p>“They didn’t put up much of a fight,” Lucy commented. “Let’s head back and have a drink.” Her mood had already shifted to celebration, but Takatsuki and Nina soon brought her back down to earth.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, that’s taunting Murphy’s Law.”</p>

      <p>“You cannot let your guard down yet, Miss Lucy’h.”</p>

      <p>Honestly, though, I felt somewhat giddy with victory as well. We’d wiped out the harpies! It’d been a force that I couldn’t have defeated alone!</p>

      <p><em>We did it! Mother, sisters!</em></p>

      <p>Then, I heard a faint singing, so quiet I almost missed it.</p>

      <p>It was...pleasant. And completely out of place within the dungeon.</p>

      <p>I decided to ask the others. “Uh? Can you all hear something?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not sure’h... I think so, though’h.”</p>

      <p>“It’s quiet. I can’t really make it out.”</p>

      <p>We glanced around at one another—</p>

      <p>“So here you are...”</p>

      <p>—then all turned as one.</p>

      <p>The harpy queen.</p>

      <p>She had a beautiful face and pretty, light-brown wings. The singing did not stop as she spoke. Clever girl.</p>

      <p>“Impossible! <em>Siren Song</em>’h?!” Nina shouted in a panic.</p>

      <p>“Uh, she’s the <em>harpy</em> queen, right?” I asked. “Why can she use siren skills?”</p>

      <p>“She must have gotten the skill after evolving’h! That voice will enthrall any man who hears it. Mister Takatsuki, you mustn’t listen’h!”</p>

      <p>Too late. Takatsuki was staring blankly at the harpy queen.</p>

      <p><em>It doesn’t matter! I’ll kill her before she can do anything!</em> I thought, moving toward her.</p>

      <p>“Would you be happy to see your mage boy die?” asked the harpy queen with a grin. “Mage boy! Put your dagger to your neck.”</p>

      <p>Takatsuki did exactly what the voice instructed.</p>

      <p>“Damn it’h!” Nina yelled.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto,” Lucy whimpered, panicking, as she held her staff in both hands.</p>

      <p>“My voice is particularly effective on human men,” the harpy queen chuckled. “Your luck ran out the moment you brought him along with you.”</p>

      <p>“<em>Siren Song</em> charms men’h. The people that attacked your family must have been controlled by her as well’h,” Nina spat through clenched teeth.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I wondered who you were. So you’re the lamia girl I thought I killed...apparently not, though.” The harpy queen glared hatefully at me, and I glared murderously back.</p>

      <p>“Your family’s all dead!” I yelled. “Look at what you get!”</p>

      <p>Her answer was nothing short of mocking. “As long as I survive, I can bring them back as many times as I wish. What a shame for you.”</p>

      <p><em>Damn it! She’s right.</em></p>

      <p>It’d been the end for us lamiae once she’d killed Mother.</p>

      <p>“Not one more step,” the harpy queen warned. “Human boy, come slowly toward me. If your friends attack, slit your throat.”</p>

      <p>Takatsuki nodded in obedience to the voice.</p>

      <p>“N-No...” Lucy cried.</p>

      <p>Nina remained silent, not moving, but looking for a chance.</p>

      <p><em>What should we do...? </em>She had Takatsuki as a hostage, so we needed to be careful. I was looking between him and the harpy queen, but then I noticed something.</p>

      <p><em>Takatsuki?</em> I thought to myself. <em>Siren Song</em> should have enthralled him completely, but he was looking straight at me. His eyes looked clear as if he wasn’t under her spell at all.</p>

      <p><em>Is she not actually controlling him?</em></p>

      <p>He kept looking in our direction as he approached the harpy queen. I saw an urging in his eyes.</p>

      <p><em>All right!</em></p>

      <p>I focused my strength in my right hand, using a skill from the <em>Action Game Player</em> skill tree, one that I used to subconsciously use: <em>Charged Attack</em>.</p>

      <p>Of course, though, I had to wait for the right moment. If I attacked her now, she might get away...</p>

      <p>“You girls stay where you are,” ordered the harpy queen. “You’re lucky—if my children were here, I’d feed you to them. But alas, I’ll just take the human boy instead.”</p>

      <p>I kept my faith in Takatsuki while continuing to gather my strength.</p>

      <p>It’d be fine. It had to be.</p>

      <p>“Human men are such fools,” she continued. “The moment they hear my singing, I become like a goddess to them. They’re ready to kneel before me as soon as we meet.”</p>

      <p>The look of triumph on her face was pissing me off.</p>

      <p>“Come on, lick the feet of your goddess,” she said, sticking one clawed foot out in front of Takatsuki.</p>

      <p>She must have been getting carried away... I hated to admit it, but she was beautiful enough that I could easily imagine her charming men.</p>

      <p>“Sh-She’s making Makoto lick her feet... I’m so jeal— I mean, that’s awful!”</p>

      <p>“Ummm, Miss Lucy’h?” Nina prodded verbally.</p>

      <p>I’d have to talk to Lucy about what she’d said later...</p>

      <p>Takatsuki leaned over slowly, bringing his face closer to her feet. “Such filthy talons could never belong to a goddess,” he told her quietly, in his usual tone.</p>

      <p>“Wha?” the harpy queen managed before he soundlessly cut off her foot.</p>

      <p>“Gyaaaaahhhhh!”</p>

      <p>As she screamed, magic icicles appeared in midair and stabbed into her eyes. Did Takatsuki cut off her foot and cast the spell simultaneously?</p>

      <p><em>Whoa! I didn’t even see him move!</em></p>

      <p>“Sasa! Now!” Takatsuki yelled.</p>

      <p><em>He’s right! It’s now or never!</em></p>

      <p>I <em>Dash</em>ed forward and kept my speed up, driving my charged fist into the harpy queen’s body.</p>

      <p>“Gah!” My fist went straight through her, blowing a hole in her body. “D-Damn...you!”</p>

      <p>Somehow, she still had the breath to curse us.</p>

      <p>The talons of her remaining foot lurched up to slice into me.</p>

      <p><em>Shing</em>.</p>

      <p>In an instant, Takatsuki’s dagger cut straight through her neck.</p>

      <p>The rest of us cried out in shock as the corpse fell to the ground.</p>

      <p><em>Isn’t that blade a bit </em>too<em> sharp?</em></p>

      <p>“Th-Thank you,” I said to him.</p>

      <p>“There’s your revenge, Sasa.”</p>

      <p>As I heard the words, I felt a tension within me unwind. I stumbled over toward him.</p>

      <p><em>Ah...I’m covered in blood.</em></p>

      <p>Disregarding my attempt to move away, he caught me. I almost felt like crying from the soft hold he had on me.</p>

      <p>“Well done, Sasa,” he told me.</p>

      <p>“Thanks...”</p>

      <p><em>I got revenge for you all,</em> I thought, sending the words to my deceased family.</p>

      <p>My head fell onto his shoulder and I closed my eyes. It was the most comforting warmth I’d ever felt from another person.</p>

      <p>The splinters shattering my heart had all been taken away.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Why...didn’t my...charm work?” the head of the harpy queen asked painfully.</p>

      <p><em>Uh? She can still talk? Actually, she’s still</em> alive<em>?</em></p>

      <p>“The hell...” Lucy said, recoiling. “How are you alive? That’s creepy.”</p>

      <p>I quite agreed, actually.</p>

      <p><em>I’m gonna have dreams about this, so stop talking as a decapitated head.</em></p>

      <p>“Where is she... Where is my sister?” Sasa asked the head.</p>

      <p>It was a pretty surreal sight, but the question was serious so I kept quiet.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know...she vanished...once she opened the entrance...”</p>

      <p>Sasa took a moment, then quietly replied, “I see...”</p>

      <p>Right, I guess there was someone else that needed a dose of revenge.</p>

      <p><em>Forget all that, what do we do with this head?</em></p>

      <p>“Monsters have astonishing levels of vitality if they live for centuries. Their strength comes from their heart, though. Separate the head and body and she’ll die soon enough’h,” Nina explained, putting my fears to rest somewhat.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, why couldn’t she control you?” Sasa asked.</p>

      <p>“I want to know that too’h!” Nina joined in.</p>

      <p>Lucy was poking the harpy queen’s head with the end of her staff. <em>Quit iiiit.</em></p>

      <p>“Because of <em>Calm Mind</em>, skills like charm magic have a hard time affecting me.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I’ve heard that mental stability skills make resisting charm and illusion magic easier’h... But they don’t make you immune, just more resilient’h...” Nina tilted her head at me. “<em>Siren Song</em> having no effect at all is strange’h.”</p>

      <p>“Still, Takatsuki’s acting allowed me to get revenge!” Sasa said, hugging me again.</p>

      <p><em>This is getting pretty embarrassing... Could you let go already?</em></p>

      <p>“Aya, get off him,” Lucy said, walking toward us. She must have gotten bored of poking the head.</p>

      <p>“No wayyy,” Aya replied as Lucy tried to pull her off.</p>

      <p>It was cute, kind of like siblings playing around. I’d rather they didn’t drag me into it though.</p>

      <p>“Oh, have you ever seen a goddess, Mister Takatsuki’h?”</p>

      <p>“Right? The way you spoke to the harpy queen, it sounded like you had,” Lucy added.</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” I confirmed. “I see her in my dreams sometimes. We spoke yesterday too.”</p>

      <p>“Oooh! I can understand why <em>Siren Song</em> didn’t work if you’ve seen a real goddess’h!”</p>

      <p>I guess that made sense?</p>

      <p>“Takatsuuuki, what’s a goddess?” Sasa asked.</p>

      <p><em>Right, I haven’t explained yet, have I?</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto follows a wicked deity. She’s really beautiful too.”</p>

      <p><em>Don’t be so free with the </em>wicked<em> bit!</em></p>

      <p>“I mean, she <em>is</em> really pretty...” I said. “She’s constantly trying to tempt me too, so I’m not entirely sure how to react.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Your goddess is trying to tempt you’h?!”</p>

      <p>“She was very casually dressed yesterday, and she was all over me...” The memory made my heart start racing more than just a bit, so I’d really appreciate it if, in the future, she wouldn’t do that.</p>

      <p>“Uh... Is this goddess a bit of a slut maybe?”</p>

      <p><em>Lucy! You can’t say that! </em>But...she wasn’t, right?</p>

      <p>I heard Noah’s words in my mind as she chimed in to defend herself.<em> Hey, I’m a </em>maiden<em> goddess!</em></p>

      <p>“She says she’s a maiden.” I relayed dutifully for the sake of her reputation.</p>

      <p>“But she’s saying that herself, so it doesn’t feel right... It’s like those girls that always say, ‘It’s my first time,’ I think...”</p>

      <p><em>You can’t say things like that, Sasa. Some real hidden depths getting exposed here, huh?</em></p>

      <p>“E-Everyone, you shouldn’t insult a goddess unless you want to be smote’h,” Nina warned before turning to look at the head of the harpy queen. “Oh, looks like she finally died’h.”</p>

      <p>The monster had passed away while we were having our ridiculous conversation. Well, whatever.</p>

      <p>“What should we take back with us? What’re the most valuable materials?” Sasa asked.</p>

      <p>“The wings would probably be useful, but when monsters live for so long, the heart becomes the most valuable part’h.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, this?” Sasa said, ripping the heart from the corpse without hesitation. Gross...</p>

      <p>“There should be magicite inside of it’h.”</p>

      <p>“Hmmm, this bit?”</p>

      <p>She pulled out a piece of magicite, and it sat in her hand, glowing orange.</p>

      <p>“That’s a great size! It should sell for a good sum’h.”</p>

      <p>“There’s another one,” Sasa added.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>She dug out another piece of the same size, which glowed purple.</p>

      <p>“It feels sorta relaxing, holding this...” Sasa mused as she stared at it.</p>

      <p>Nina examined it closely as well. “That...was probably from the lamia queen’h...”</p>

      <p>“What?!” Sasa exclaimed. “It was?”</p>

      <p>Oh, I guess it’s like an heirloom from her mother.</p>

      <p>“You should have it,” Lucy said.</p>

      <p>“Right, it’s yours,” I agreed.</p>

      <p>“Uh, but—”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure the boss would say the same’h.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you...all of you.”</p>

      <p>Sasa cradled it carefully in front of her chest.</p>

      <p>I was glad, really glad, that we’d gotten revenge for her.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Right, let’s head back,” I said after a few minutes.</p>

      <p>“Are we going through that hole again?” Lucy complained.</p>

      <p>“Well there’s no other way out.”</p>

      <p>“Calm down, all of you, we managed to wi—Wait, everyone, quiet’h!”</p>

      <p>“Someone’s coming.”</p>

      <p>Nina’s eyes had sharpened, and at the same time, Lucy readied her staff. Straight after, my <em>Scouting</em> reacted as well.</p>

      <p>“It looks like there’s a group of monsters and humans fighting,” Sasa said, pointing. I followed her finger and saw a group of about twenty being attacked by monsters.</p>

      <p>“What should we do?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“It’s up to you!” Lucy cheered.</p>

      <p>Sasa and Nina both looked expectantly at me as well. I guess <em>I</em> would be the one deciding then. “I’ve got a few uses left of my elemental magic, so let’s help them out.” I’d spent the whole week training but hadn’t had much chance to use it. “Elementals, hi there, would you give me a hand? <em>Water Magic: Water Whale</em>.”</p>

      <p>The huge form of a whale appeared, made entirely of water, and it swam through the air above the lake. It swallowed up roughly twenty people before sending the monsters flying with a swish of its tail. The whale then made its way back over to us.</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa both let out cries and grabbed onto me as the vast quantity of water ferried the people to us.</p>

      <p>“Mister Takatsuki, you can definitely control water way more precisely now’h...” Nina said to me in shock.</p>

      <p>“Oh, they’re the Soleil Knights, aren’t they?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“They are,” I answered.</p>

      <p>I spied Althena’s crest on their chest armor. Maybe <em>he’s</em> here too?</p>

      <p>“Are you all right?!” So called the Hero of Light as he immediately jumped up.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Sakurai,” I greeted.</p>

      <p>“T-Takatsuki? Was that you? That was some crazy magic!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yeah, well... I guess...” I cast around. I wasn’t sure I could really take the credit since it was the elementals’ magic, after all.</p>

      <p>“Ryousuke! Are you all right? Hey! Where’d you come from?” This demand came from the person that appeared next—our former classmate, Saki Yokoyama.</p>

      <p>“Saki?” Sasa asked.</p>

      <p>“Wait, is that you, Aya?” she asked in disbelief. “You’re alive?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, Saki!”</p>

      <p>“You look kinda different...?”</p>

      <p>“A lot’s happened,” Sasa stated simply.</p>

      <p>“Oh, well you need to tell me all about it!”</p>

      <p>“Sure!”</p>

      <p>The former high school girls started chattering away. I guess the two of them used to be pretty close.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for saving us all,” Sakurai said to me.</p>

      <p>“You’re welcome. So, what happened?”</p>

      <p>The Soleil Knights should all be elite fighters, so I couldn’t imagine that monsters on this level of Labyrinthos would pose much of a threat to them.</p>

      <p>“Ah, well we came across the blight dragons further down, but...”</p>

      <p>Apparently, the two remaining dragons were working together—the pair were exceptionally formidable opponents.</p>

      <p>The knights had tried to separate them but had then been attacked by other monsters from that level. When the blight dragons struck again, the knights were at a disadvantage and so the whole party had needed to retreat.</p>

      <p>We’d come across them just after they’d managed to escape from the lower level.</p>

      <p>“I’m glad we haven’t lost anyone, but the battle’s been a failure...” Sakurai’s expression was glum.</p>

      <p>“The White Grandsage is here as our overseer, so maybe if she’d actually helped us...” As Yokoyama spoke, her expression twisted in unhappiness.</p>

      <p>“She’s here just in case we fail. We can’t ask for more,” Sakurai responded calmly.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Lucy cried out in surprise. “The White Grandsage is here?!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, Lucy, is that White Grandsage the one who’s called the strongest on the continent?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah! She’s pretty much what all mages aspire to be!”</p>

      <p>That was something I’d learned in the temple; Highland’s White Grandsage was the pinnacle of what it meant to be a mage.</p>

      <p>While Lucy and I were getting excited, Sakurai’s expression seemed much grimmer.</p>

      <p><em>Right, he’s in a pretty crappy position...</em></p>

      <p>Sakurai turned to address Yokoyama. “There’s nothing we can do there, Saki. We were told to deal with the blight dragons.”</p>

      <p>“But if we report that we’ve failed, then the prince’s faction...”</p>

      <p>“Failure would cause no small amount of trouble for Princess Noelle.”</p>

      <p>I had no idea about the exact circumstances, but it sounded like they were in quite the pickle.</p>

      <p><em>If I follow the goddess’s instructions...</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you help the Hero of Light?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶Yes</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I was her only believer, so I should listen to her requests at least.</p>

      <p>“Do you want a hand, Sakurai?” I asked. I spoke to him first, rather than just responding to him.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>