<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Makoto Takatsuki Has a Reunion</h1>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Aya Sasaki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Gah!” I cried out as I woke up. “Wh-What?”</p>

      <p><em>I’m not dead?</em> I thought, patting myself down. My wounds...weren’t there? <em>That’s weird—I remember getting torn apart.</em></p>

      <p>I peered at my surroundings and saw that I was in my favorite spot behind one of the waterfalls. It was just outside the place where I’d been born.</p>

      <p>“Mother! Everyone!” I shouted, running toward my home.</p>

      <p><em>It had to be a dream! Everyone is still alive! Right?!</em></p>

      <p>Hope welled in my chest, and I screamed, “Where are you all?!”</p>

      <p>No one answered. The stone that usually protected the familiar entrance to our home had been broken from the inside. The cave was usually awash with excitement, but as I approached, I saw that there was no one within. It was deserted.</p>

      <p>“Where...are you all?”</p>

      <p>The cave seemed so different without everyone there. It felt like I was in a nightmare.</p>

      <p><em>It...wasn’t a dream...</em></p>

      <p>“Wah...wahhh...whhh...” Tears started to fall from my eyes.</p>

      <p>The sight of their final moments was seared into my mind. I saw their vacant eyes and Mother, covered in blood.</p>

      <p><em>Why had it...</em></p>

      <p>Our cave was shielded by a spell that allowed entry only to lamiae. Enemies shouldn’t have been able to attack us in here.</p>

      <p><em>That is, as long as none of our family decided to betray us.</em></p>

      <p>Second sister... No, that bitch. She was the reason my siblings, our older sisters, our mother...</p>

      <p><em>I’ll never forgive her! I won’t! She won’t get away with it!</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t know why, but I was still alive, and I had to get revenge. No way was I dying before I did that.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Since waking up and vowing retribution, I’d spent my time hunting monsters, more monsters, and more, more, more, and yet more.</p>

      <p>My feelings were particularly vicious any time I saw harpies. I watched them, and whenever their queen left, I tried to take them down once and for all. They could flee from me into the air though, so it was hard to do much.</p>

      <p>Recently, those filthy beasts had started to take off as soon as they saw me!</p>

      <p>I slept at home in our cave, but no one else was there. The entrance stone was broken, so it wasn’t as safe as before, but I didn’t know of anywhere else to go.</p>

      <p>I’d even thought that the traitorous second sister—bitch—might show up again, but she never did. I wondered where she’d gone.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe she’s dead in a ditch somewhere. But, if she’s alive...I’ll kill her.</em></p>

      <p>Getting revenge on her and the harpies’ leader was the only reason I had left to live.</p>

      <p>I was weak, though, and I needed to get strong to defeat my enemies.</p>

      <p>Mother had once given advice on that topic, something along the lines of, “If you wish to grow strong, then eat humans. They carry blessings of the gods, and eating the strong among their number will strengthen you in turn. You’ll become just like me.”</p>

      <p>I wouldn’t be able to beat the harpy queen as I was. For that, I’d need to become stronger... I had no choice, but...</p>

      <p><em>Eating humans...?</em></p>

      <p>Could I do that? After all, I used to be a human too. If that path led to me getting my revenge though, I guess I’d have to.</p>

      <p>My heart had been blackened by my thirst for vengeance.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Time passed in that way, and I fought along the whole time.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I was napping one day when a ruckus from the lake woke me up. I leaped up from my resting spot, thinking that some enemy had arrived. However, that didn’t seem to be the case.</p>

      <p>The monsters were in a tumult. I stared at the uproar and saw them all swarming around something.</p>

      <p><em>Are those human adventurers?</em></p>

      <p>There were two humans in the lake that looked like what my sisters had described. One was a girl with fiery red hair, and the other was a man wearing grayish clothes. I guess the woman was some sort of mage. She had a staff, after all.</p>

      <p>But what about the man? He was only equipped with a dagger. Maybe a rogue?</p>

      <p>The mage was practically overflowing with mana, and even with the distance between us, I could feel her life force.</p>

      <p><em>If I attacked her... If I ate her...maybe I’d grow stronger.</em></p>

      <p>But before I could try for that, I noticed some foul harpies flying around. I’d clean them up first!</p>

      <p>As I tore my way through the harpies, I surveyed the humans.</p>

      <p>The mage was clearly the far stronger of the two. The man didn’t feel any more powerful than some goblin. Weak, without question. I’d gain no benefit from eating him.</p>

      <p>Well, that was my first thought, but...</p>

      <p><em>No... He’ll be harder to deal with.</em></p>

      <p>They were currently surrounded by dozens of monsters. The mage was frantically casting and screaming, avoiding the sea serpent and silk threads from the arachnae.</p>

      <p>The dagger-wielding man, though... <em>Does he have eyes in the back of his head?</em></p>

      <p>When a harpy would swoop down on him from behind, he only ever dodged a tiny bit, just the bare minimum of movement to avoid the sharp talons. When the sea serpent would leap from the water, the man’s light steps always took him out of swallowing range, and he cut through the arachnae’s threads like they were nothing.</p>

      <p>While his physical abilities were clearly nothing to write home about, he was practically dancing around all the attacks.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t understand how he’s so calm...? </em>He was constantly inches from losing his life.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, there was a lull where he was clear of attacks, and all he did was scratch his cheek slightly like his predicament was just a minor annoyance.</p>

      <p><em>That black-haired guy...he’s going to be the issue. I need to take him out first.</em></p>

      <p>I focused on my prey. But the way he scratched his cheek was...almost familiar. That thought didn’t cloud my mind though.</p>

      <p>I wondered what expression he was wearing. He was facing away from me, so I couldn’t really tell. Either way, though, looking at him felt almost nostalgic.</p>

      <p><em>It’s just my imagination... I can’t have met the guy. Focus, Aya.</em></p>

      <p>Quietly, I waited for my chance.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“There’s no end to them,” I complained.</p>

      <p>“Meteo!” Lucy’s magic sent a column of water into the air. It was the seventh time she’d cast that spell. A few monsters were caught in the blast, but there were still plenty left to take the empty places.</p>

      <p>“You okay, Lucy?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah, I’m good on mana.”</p>

      <p>That’s just what I’d expect from her—a bottomless mana pool from the king rank mage. However, she seemed close to her limits concentration-wise.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, ease up on the magic for a minute and rest. I’ll dodge for us.”</p>

      <p>“G-Got it...”</p>

      <p>I put my arm around Lucy’s unsteady shoulders and surveyed the area.</p>

      <p>There were more than fifty monsters surrounding us. Most of them were low to middling in terms of the threat they posed.</p>

      <p>However, I spotted two that we needed to focus on.</p>

      <p>The first was a crocodile-looking monster—a king crocodile. There were posters about this beast in the guild. It was the boss of this lake, but it currently didn’t seem to be interested in us and instead focused more on attacking the orcs and goblins. I decided that we shouldn’t need to worry about it too much.</p>

      <p>The real issue was the other beast, the one that had surveyed the battle before joining in—a lamia.</p>

      <p><em>I’d heard that lamiae normally hunted in packs...</em></p>

      <p>Regardless, this one was on its own. At a glance, it was attacking the harpies and arachnae, apparently uninterested in us...</p>

      <p><em>So is it after us?</em></p>

      <p><em>Sense Danger</em> was blaring constantly in my mind. <em>I can tell...it’s crazy strong.</em></p>

      <p>Most lamiae were of moderate danger at best. But this one was taking down orcs with a single punch and ripping harpy wings off like they were made of tissue paper.</p>

      <p>Actually, the harpies had fled the instant they saw the lamia. At least we had that going for us. But I wasn’t about to become optimistic, what with how dangerous it was.</p>

      <p>Quite a bit of time had passed since the last elemental magic I’d cast. It was getting to the point where I wanted to fire off another blast to scatter the monsters...</p>

      <p><em>But with that lamia gunning for us... I don’t want to antagonize it too early. </em>That would leave us vulnerable, and I wanted to distract it.</p>

      <p>“Lucy,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What?” she sputtered through gasping breaths.</p>

      <p>“Actually, never mind.” I wanted to warn her, but she didn’t seem to have enough spare energy. I’d have to deal with this.</p>

      <p>I purposefully turned my back, relying on the 360-degree vision that my <em>RPG Player</em> skill gave me.</p>

      <p>I wouldn’t take my metaphorical eyes off that lamia.</p>

      <p><em>Will it take the bait...?</em></p>

      <p>I kept dodging the other monsters’ attacks for a while, always keeping my back to the lamia. I kept my dagger at the ready, waiting. Before long... <em>Sense Danger</em> reacted.</p>

      <p><em>Here we go!</em> The lamia had suddenly gotten much closer. <em>So quick!</em></p>

      <p>I turned and slashed, but I cut through nothing but air.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ice Needle</em>!” I cast, using my favorite blinding spell. Needles of ice formed in front of the lamia’s eyes and shot off. No monster could avoid them from point-blank range like this.</p>

      <p>And yet, somehow...</p>

      <p><em>It dodged?! No way! </em></p>

      <p>That was the first time a monster had dodged that attack.</p>

      <p>“Damn it!” The situation was so dire that Lucy and I were stuck in hand-to-hand combat.</p>

      <p>My eyes met the lamia’s from mere inches away. It had blue skin and eyes, and its features were framed with dark purple hair.</p>

      <p><em>What a pretty monster...</em></p>

      <p>Despite the out-of-place thought, I readied my dagger to protect Lucy. However, the monster didn’t attack. The lamia in front of me just stared with wide eyes.</p>

      <p>“T-Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p><em>Hang on? What did that monster just say?!</em></p>

      <p>The wailing of <em>Sense Danger </em>abruptly fell silent.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto?!” Lucy screamed. “There’s a monster <em>right there</em>!” From Lucy’s perspective, the lamia must have happened out of nowhere.</p>

      <p>Despite Lucy’s commotion, the lamia cried out in joy. “M-Makoto? Makoto...Takatsuki?!” The monster yelled my full name, even pronouncing it like anyone else from Japan would.</p>

      <p><em>Well, that cinches it... This lamia used to be a member of class 1-A.</em></p>

      <p>But what happened to her? And who was she?</p>

      <p><em>Fine! There’s no other method!</em></p>

      <p>“Hey,” I said, directing my words toward the lamia. “Is there anywhere we can hide? I wanna get away from the monsters!”</p>

      <p>Lamiae lived on this layer of the dungeon, so she’d know the area far better than I.</p>

      <p>She pointed sharply. “This way!”</p>

      <p>“Got it!”</p>

      <p>Following the end of her finger with my eyes, I saw a medium-sized waterfall. She was probably indicating the area beyond it.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, hold on tight.”</p>

      <p>“Wha... G-Got it!”</p>

      <p>Lucy clung to my waist. The lamia looked rather miffed at that for some reason, but then...she followed suit?!</p>

      <p>“Ahh! Wh-What’s happening?!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, Lucy, we’ll be fine.” Although, I wasn’t entirely sure about that. Was this lamia just lowering our guards like the arachne from earlier?</p>

      <p>“Elementals! Help me!” I cried. “<em>Water Magic: Tianlong</em>.”</p>

      <p>Unlike when we’d been in the arachnae’s nest, I could use as much water as I wanted over the lake. My spell launched a dragon made of water that was twice as large as the one I’d summoned before.</p>

      <p>It raged around the lake, and the monsters surrounding us were blown away. All three of us fled behind the waterfall, sparing the beasts only a sidelong glance.</p>

      <p>There was a wide, open area behind the falls, and no monsters were in sight. <em>Have we gotten away?</em></p>

      <p>“Phew... That was tough.”</p>

      <p>“We...made it...” Lucy panted, before leaping back. “Hang on! She’s still here!”</p>

      <p>The lamia was staring at us...no, at <em>me</em>.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki,” she said.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?” I answered instinctively. <em>Who is she?</em></p>

      <p>“It really is you...” She started patting me down.</p>

      <p><em>R-Riiight... Considering how overfamiliar she is...she’s definitely someone I know. And we must be pretty close too...</em></p>

      <p>“What are you two doing?” Lucy demanded, looking aghast at us from a little ways away. I guess from her perspective it looked like a monster was hugging me.</p>

      <p>The lamia completely blocked out Lucy and just continued staring at me. As she did, I looked into her deep blue eyes, just as her gaze was boring into mine.</p>

      <p>Were those tears?</p>

      <p>“Uhm, by the way...” I said, deciding to start things off. The lamia had been in class 1-A and was likely someone who had spoken familiarly to me back then. Other than Fujiyan, there was only one person I could think of. She didn’t look anything like before, but...</p>

      <p>“You’re Sasa, right?”</p>

      <p><em>I can always apologize if I’m wrong.</em></p>

      <p>She paused for a moment, then asked, “Why is that even a question? Didn’t you know it was me?”</p>

      <p><em>Ack, she looks super unhappy.</em></p>

      <p>“Ah, well... You look completely different.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right. Here, <em>human disguise</em>.”</p>

      <p>Whoa, the lamia turned into a human...wait just a minute?!</p>

      <p>“Put some damn clothes on!” Lucy shouted.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>