<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Yup, Lucy was quite right—the now-human lamia was completely in the buff. I panicked a bit and turned around.</p>

      <p>“Sasa! Don’t you have any clothes?!”</p>

      <p>“I mean, I’m a monster,” she replied. “I always look like this.”</p>

      <p><em>Has she lost her sense of shame as well?</em></p>

      <p>“I’ll lend you this,” Lucy said before passing over her cloak.</p>

      <p>“Thanks,” Sasa wrapped it around her body like a dress.</p>

      <p>“Here, have this too,” I told her. I placed my jacket over her shoulders.</p>

      <p><em>Great, now I can actually look at her as we talk.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, Sasa,” I greeted.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki!”</p>

      <p><em>Oof, what a tight hug,</em> I thought as a soft sensation pressed into my body.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, who’s this?” Lucy asked unhappily.</p>

      <p><em>Right, I need to introduce them. </em>“Sorry, my bad. This is Aya Sasaki. She comes from the same world as I do. Sasa, this is Lucy, she’s in my party.”</p>

      <p>The two of them looked at each other suspiciously.</p>

      <p>“Nice to meet you, Lucy,” Sasa spoke first.</p>

      <p>“You too, Aya. Now get off him.”</p>

      <p>“We haven’t seen each other in forever, so it’s fine... Wait, you’re not his girlfriend, are you?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not!” Lucy denied.</p>

      <p>Sasa let out a slight sigh of relief. “See, no problem then.”</p>

      <p>“Ughhh.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t understand the issue, but it looked like Lucy had given in.</p>

      <p>“Sasa, what are you doing as a lamia in a place like this?” There was so much I wanted to ask.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki! Listen to this!” she exclaimed, holding even tighter to me.</p>

      <p>Lucy was glaring dubiously at us.</p>

      <p><em>Calm down, Lucy, I’m sure Sasa’s had it tough. Be nice!</em></p>

      <p>“Listen here, I—”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“—and then...” Sasa told us the full story of her life and about struggles with the lamiae.</p>

      <p>“I won’t let that traitor get away with it!” Lucy shouted. “I’ll blast her with my magic, Aya!”</p>

      <p>“R-Right. Thank you...Lucy.”</p>

      <p>Lucy was impulsive on occasion, and so her sympathy must have gotten her angry. She really was a kind girl.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki?” Sasa asked. “What’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>I was honestly in shock. Sasa had been reincarnated as a lamia. She’d lived in a dungeon, fighting swarms of monsters every day.</p>

      <p><em>She was playing on hard mode while I was cruising through life way easier...</em></p>

      <p>Truthfully, when I’d found out my stats in the temple, I’d been sure that out of everyone in class 1-A, <em>I</em> had it the most difficult.</p>

      <p><em>But my struggles were nothing compared to Sasa’s.</em></p>

      <p>“I...need to work harder,” I muttered.</p>

      <p>“You’ve had it tough, Takatsuki,” Sasa said, sounding sympathetic for some reason.</p>

      <p>“You’ve had it worse,” I replied, before asking the question that was on my mind. “By the way, we want to get back to the upper layer. Do you know the way?”</p>

      <p>“To the upper layer? I know that my sisters mentioned a path up from the lake.”</p>

      <p>“All right! Let’s go, Lucy, we can get out of here.”</p>

      <p>Sasa seemed anxious all of a sudden. “Hey, can...can I come with you?”</p>

      <p>“Of course you can. Let’s go back together.”</p>

      <p>I could hardly <em>leave</em> her here.</p>

      <p>That response earned me another hug. Lucy just gave us the evil eye.</p>

      <p>Finally, we headed off toward the upper layer.</p>

      <p>“It’s a bit narrow,” Sasa warned us. “Be careful.”</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t call it narrow,” I mumbled.</p>

      <p>“More like we barely fit...”</p>

      <p>The way was less of a “path” and more of a hole.</p>

      <p>“It’s easy as a lamia though,” Sasa cheered.</p>

      <p>“The rocks are hurting my knees...” Lucy moaned.</p>

      <p>“Sasa, how much longer?”</p>

      <p>“We should be out soon. Here’s the exit.”</p>

      <p>Crawling from the hole, we burst into the water cavern.</p>

      <p>“There’s no one here,” Lucy commented.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s not even dawn,” I said.</p>

      <p>Lucy seemed shocked by that statement. “What?! We’ve been down there that long?”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, so this is the upper layer.” Sasa’s head was rapidly moving back and forth as she tried to look at everything.</p>

      <p>“You’ve never been up here before?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“No... I heard it was dangerous because there are so many humans.”</p>

      <p>“So the monsters see the upper layer as dangerous...” That was pretty funny.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, where exactly are we?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“Probably about midway between the entrance and the waterfall.”</p>

      <p>I checked with <em>Mapping</em> and <em>Scout</em>, but luckily, I could only find weak monsters.</p>

      <p>“Looks like we’re out safe.”</p>

      <p>After an entire day, we’d managed to escape Labyrinthos. As we left the dungeon, the sun was just rising, signaling daybreak.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Fujiyan’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>My esteemed Tackie and Lucy hadn’t returned from Labyrinthos that night.</p>

      <p>“Boss, I can go check it out if you’re that worried’h,” Lady Nina suggested.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... There has been an announcement made of a dragon appearing on the upper level. I wager even you could not fight such a beast alone.”</p>

      <p>“I’d manage to escape at least’h.”</p>

      <p>I was concerned. When the guild had notified everyone about the dragon, the whole town had raised an uproar.</p>

      <p>Ordinarily, there was a daily list of people who had gone missing. Yesterday, dozens of people had been added to that list, and I’d been shocked the instant I spied my friends’ names on it. I felt in no state to negotiate and had called a halt to all of my appointments for the day.</p>

      <p>Even now, there was no sign of them.</p>

      <p>“I wonder if it appeared because of the blight dragon’h?” Lady Nina suggested.</p>

      <p>“Such are the rumors...”</p>

      <p>There was a beast called the blight dragon within Labyrinthos. It was a blasphemous thing, such that even the monsters of the dungeon fled its presence.</p>

      <p>Truly, it was an evil creature. It’s even said that it served the Great Demon Lord a millennium ago. The adventurers were all talking of the monsters within the dungeon, and of the beasts’ behavior becoming suddenly aberrant due to the blight dragon’s influence.</p>

      <p>“I fervently hope that they were not unfortunate enough to encounter it,” I stated.</p>

      <p>“I heard that it appeared around the Great Waterfalls. I think that Mister Takatsuki said he would be heading for them last night’h.”</p>

      <p>“I certainly seem to recall that...” <em>Worrying, indeed.</em></p>

      <p>“He is someone that can remain calm even in the face of a powerful monster. I’m sure he’ll be fine’h!”</p>

      <p>“That is true. But I cannot calm myself whilst simply waiting.”</p>

      <p>“Then maybe we should go to the guild aga...” Lady Nina started before trailing off. But then, she began again with gusto. “Boss! I heard Mister Takatsuki’h!”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie!”</p>

      <p>Fujiyan thundered toward us.</p>

      <p>“Miss Lucy! You’re safe! Oh, and who is this’h?” Nina asked. But then, her smile instantly transformed into a sharp look.</p>

      <p>She must have noticed that Sasa’s aura felt like a monster’s.</p>

      <p>“Oh, she comes from the same world as Fujiyan and me. It’s all complicated, so can we talk inside?”</p>

      <p>“C-Could it be?! Lady Sasaki?!” Fujiyan exclaimed in surprise. Wow, he’d noticed right away.</p>

      <p>I guess her human glamour included features that were quite a bit similar to her old appearance.</p>

      <p>“You realized immediately, Fujiwara,” Sasa said. “Takatsuki didn’t even notice at first.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, don’t say that,” I complained. I had been exhausted from fighting through the night.</p>

      <p>We all returned to Fujiyan’s rented room and explained the whole story.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“To think...such a thing has happened,” Fujiyan commented.</p>

      <p>“Miss Sasaki... You have suffered so much’h,” Nina added. Both of them were teary-eyed after hearing her tale, and I found myself thinking that they were all really good people. Since yesterday, both of them had been waiting for us the whole time.</p>

      <p>By the way, Sasa had changed clothes now.</p>

      <p>The only girls’ clothes we had on hand were Nina’s, so Sasa was wearing a tank top and shorts. Now that I was seeing her in a well-lit place, her skin seemed awfully pale. There was a slight purple tint to her black hair, but her features were the same as Sasa’s. It reminded me so much of how things used to be.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, why are you staring so much?” Lucy interjected, poking me. That seemed to draw Sasa’s attention, so she looked our way.</p>

      <p>Her blank face was just the same as always.</p>

      <p>“What are you planning now, Sasa?” I asked, even if I didn’t really need to. I already knew her goal.</p>

      <p>“I’m getting revenge for my family.”</p>

      <p>I could feel the resolve in her voice. She always stubbornly stuck to her convictions once she decided on something.</p>

      <p>She really hadn’t changed at all.</p>

      <p>“But if you’re alone’h...” Nina looked at Fujiyan like she wanted to say something. Lucy stared at me the same way.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you aid Aya Sasaki with her vengeance?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶Yes</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I didn’t even need to think—she was my best friend.</p>

      <p>I selected “Yes” on the <em>RPG Player</em> screen.</p>

      <p>I had no idea what kind of enemy the queen of the harpies would be, but she’d definitely be some kind of boss. A worthy opponent!</p>

      <p><em>Don’t go too far, Makoto,</em> the goddess warned me, apparently realizing my excitement.</p>

      <p><em>It’ll be fine. I promise to be careful, </em>I thought back at her.<em> </em>But there was something else I needed to say. I had to make absolutely sure, for Sasa as well.</p>

      <p><em>Goddess, thank you. Thanks to your guidance I managed to reunite with my precious friend.</em></p>

      <p><em>Oh, quite right, aren’t you happy?</em> Her voice wasn’t quite as long-suffering as she tried to make it sound.</p>

      <p>I turned my attention to Fujiyan. “Let’s get a plan together to take down the harpy queen.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, we require more intel first.”</p>

      <p>Both of us exchanged grins. That’s friendship for you—we were on the same wavelength.</p>

      <p>Lucy seemed surprised. “You’re all fired up.”</p>

      <p>“Of course! We have to help a classmate in need.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Takatsuki, Fujiwara...” Sasa said tearfully.</p>

      <p>“The harpy queen sounds like a rather formidable foe, though’h,” Nina commented. She showed us the guild’s wanted poster.</p>

      <p><em>“Labyrinthos, middle layer. Harpy queen and children. Reward: Three million Gald (Calamity candidate).”</em></p>

      <p>“Does that mean she’s strong?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, the swarm as a whole will probably be harder to deal with than the griffin’h.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, even stronger than that...” Lucy muttered unhappily.</p>

      <p>“The children don’t matter. I can take down a normal harpy with one hit,” Sasa declared, and her clenched fist was oddly reassuring. She’d apparently gotten pretty combative.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Fujiyan, is Sasa a normal lamia?”</p>

      <p>She seemed confused by that question. “Wait, what do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“It’s just, you seem way stronger than an average one.”</p>

      <p>“I am similarly curious,” Fujiyan admitted. “From your tale, you seemed to have the ability to come back to life after you thought you were dead. Perhaps this can answer our queries.”</p>

      <p>The item in Fujiyan’s hand was a Soul Book.</p>

      <p>“I thought that only the church could get those?” Or more accurately, that only the church could buy them.</p>

      <p>“There is more than one way to skin a cat,” he commented with a chuckle. “Here, Lady Sasaki, hold this if you would.”</p>

      <p>“Hm, what is it?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“It’ll tell us your stats and skills,” I answered. As I spoke, the book lit up. Apparently, it had finished the analysis.</p>

      <p>“So, uh, how do I look at them?”</p>

      <p>“Give it here,” I said, tugging the Soul Book from her and opening it up for everyone to see.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Aya Sasaki: Lamia</p>

      <p>Level: 34</p>

      <p>Unique Skills: <em>Transformation</em>, <em>Evolution</em>, <em>Action Game Player...</em></p>

      <p>Normal Skills: <em>None</em></p>

      <p>Strength: XX</p>

      <p>Stamina: XX</p>

      <p>Resistance: XX</p>

      <p>Agility: XX</p>

      <p>.........</p>

      <p>......</p>

      <p>...</p>

      <p>“She’s over level thirty?!” I yelled.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, her stats are crazy!”</p>

      <p>“I lost’h...” Nina was in shock. Sasa had higher stats than a gold rank adventurer.</p>

      <p>“You got your otherworlder bonus too, Sasa.”</p>

      <p>“Is it so incredible?” Sasa asked with a tilt of her head.</p>

      <p>“Your stats are superb,” Fujiyan told her. “But it is your skills that are truly intriguing.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, so I have unique skills called <em>Transformation</em>, <em>Evolution</em>, and...huh?”</p>

      <p>That last skill was the interesting one.</p>

      <p>“<em>Action Game Player</em>?” Sasa read out from the Soul Book.</p>

      <p>“Huh, that name...” Lucy muttered. “It sounds similar to Makoto’s skill.”</p>

      <p>“And the boss’s’h,” Nina commented.</p>

      <p>“Let us peruse further,” Fujiyan said, peering into the book.</p>

      <p>“Allows the use of <em>Dash</em>,<em> Charged Attack</em>, and<em> Double Jump</em> as basic actions... Lady Sasaki, can you do so?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, well I think I remember suddenly speeding up during combat. Is that a skill?”</p>

      <p>“<em>Dash </em>triples speed?!” Fujiyan cried out.</p>

      <p>“Tripling Miss Sasaki’s stats would make that a rather powerful skill’h.”</p>

      <p><em>That’s great, they’re simple skills to use, unlike mine.</em></p>

      <p>“You hit the jackpot, Sasa.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I guess so.” She looked a bit bemused.</p>

      <p>“No, the most ridiculous skill is this,” Fujiyan said, pointing out some of the text.</p>

      <p><em>“Extra Lives: ⅘ (*Activated above level 30*)”</em> was written as a skill.</p>

      <p>“That’s...”</p>

      <p>Extra lives... It must be like the life system that appeared all the time in action games—the one that lets the player retry even if they die.</p>

      <p><em>Seriously? She could die and come back to life?! Th-That’s OP!</em></p>

      <p>“Lady Sasaki, we seem to have discovered the reason you survived the harpy queen,” Fujiyan said with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Huh? What kind of skill is that?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“Boss, explain please’h.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, Takatsuki, what does he mean?”</p>

      <p>“Come on, Sasa, you know this!” I exclaimed.</p>

      <p><em>Are you a gamer or not?!</em></p>

      <p>“Extra lives is a piece of terminology from our world. It means that you can retry something a certain number of times,” Fujiyan explained.</p>

      <p>“Retry?” Lucy asked. She hadn’t quite parsed the implication.</p>

      <p>“I’m just assuming here,” I added, “but <em>Extra Lives ⁵⁄₅</em> would mean...that you can come back from the dead five times.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, so that’s why it’s gone down to four,” Sasa said, finally understanding.</p>

      <p>“C-Come back from the dead?” Lucy asked blankly.</p>

      <p>“Would that be similar to the saint rank skill <em>Revival</em>’h?”</p>

      <p>“Well...probably.”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Nina both gave an <em>eep</em>, finally seeming to understand.</p>

      <p>“Getting a <em>Revival </em>from the church costs millions...” Lucy commented.</p>

      <p>“Being able to revive yourself is practically divine providence’h...”</p>

      <p>Yup, our classmate’s skills are OP.</p>

      <p>“Well,” I said, “now that we know how broken Sasa’s skills are, let’s get some rest. I’m dead on my feet here.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’m swaying,” Lucy agreed.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Let us retire abed and rest before we begin our strategizing in earnest.”</p>

      <p>In no time, Lucy and I were knocked out and sleeping like logs.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“Now, let us begin planning the strategy to defeat the harpy queen,” Fujiyan declared.</p>

      <p>“Yeah!” we all cheered. Sasa was all fired up, and the rest of us offered polite applause.</p>

      <p>“First off will be information sharing. As you slept, I informed the guild that the two of you had returned.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, we forgot to do that,” I admitted. That’s Fujiyan for you, paying attention to every last detail.</p>

      <p>“We also reported the ruffians you encountered’h,” Nina added.</p>

      <p>Fujiyan followed up. “Apparently, they have yet to return.”</p>

      <p>“Which means...” I breathed. <em>They hadn’t gotten away...</em></p>

      <p>“Well they were bad guys, so it’s obvious!” Lucy declared.</p>

      <p>“It hurts my soul, but at least we don’t need to worry about getting attacked again.” I thanked Fujiyan and Nina for their effort.</p>

      <p>“Next, Lady Sasaki.”</p>

      <p>“Me?”</p>

      <p>Sasa seemed upbeat, even out of Labyrinthos. She’d evidently gone shopping with Nina because she was now wearing a dress of some kind.</p>

      <p>“Here is your adventurer card.”</p>

      <p>“Wait? You can get them outside of the adventurer’s guild?”</p>

      <p>Probably not. No one other than the guild issued them, and getting one from anywhere else was illegal.</p>

      <p><em>Well, it </em>is <em>coming from Fujiyan... </em>He’d probably gotten the card through some backroom deal or the like. Fujiyan’s rueful smile just underlined my suspicions.</p>

      <p>“Uh, it says my name’s Aya Sasaki and my race is...demi-human?”</p>

      <p>“You would be exposed as a monster if we went to the guild to have it done normally,” Fujiyan stated.</p>

      <p>Lucy nodded. “Yeah, that’s true.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so bad?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Nina was looking at me, aghast. “Mister Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>“Monsters and demons cannot have adventurer cards. After all, to the people of this world, they are targets for extermination,” Fujiyan explained.</p>

      <p>“I guess that makes sense,” I admitted.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, what about Lucy then?</em> I glanced toward her, but she avoided my eyes. <em>I’m sure she said she was half-elf and half-demon.</em></p>

      <p>Lucy’s card just called her an elf. She must have gone through the back channels as well. After all, she was a big deal in her village.</p>

      <p>“Now we just need to hide the fact that she’s a lamia.”</p>

      <p>“Right, Miss Sasaki is pale, so if anyone asks, she can answer that she’s a mermaid’h,” Nina offered. “They only really show up in the south, so you shouldn’t need to worry about meeting one’h.”</p>

      <p>She and Fujiyan had already thought through it all. They’d beaten us to the punch.</p>

      <p>“Now, to business,” Fujiyan said, spreading out the information on the harpy queen along with other sheets of paper.</p>

      <p>Everyone looked them over. All of it seemed like information about our target.</p>

      <p>“Harpies are weak to fire magic?”</p>

      <p>“Well, their wings probably burn well,” I reasoned. “You’re up for that, Lucy.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, leave it to me!” she cheered, flexing her biceps. Fire magic was great against monsters.</p>

      <p>“How many of the harpies are there’h?”</p>

      <p>“There were about a hundred of us lamiae, so I think there’d be about the same number,” Sasa answered.</p>

      <p>“I would rather avoid facing such a force head-on,” Fujiyan admitted.</p>

      <p>“Could we get them all with a surprise attack?”</p>

      <p>“Miss Lucy’s fire magic might be able to manage it’h...”</p>

      <p>“We shouldn’t rely too much on Lucy’s butterfinger magic,” I warned.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! That’s mean!” Lucy complained, smacking me lightly.</p>

      <p>From my other side, Sasa clapped me on the shoulder. I was currently sitting right between her and Lucy, and they both seemed eager to knock me around a little.</p>

      <p>“What about your water magic?” Sasa asked. “That was incredible as well.”</p>

      <p>“Water magic isn’t great offensively,” I admitted. “The water dragon spell I used pushed the monsters away, but it didn’t defeat them. I guess some might’ve drowned, though.”</p>

      <p>“You mean <em>Tianlong</em>?! That’s ultra rank magic, isn’t it’h?!” Nina asked, shocked.</p>

      <p>“I borrowed mana from the elementals. On my own, I can’t use ultra rank magic.”</p>

      <p>“It is nothing to sneeze at, even so,” Fujiyan stated.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you were amazing,” Sasa said, tightening her grip on me.</p>

      <p>Lucy grabbed hold of my arm and did the same. It felt pretty warm since she had a high body temperature to begin with.</p>

      <p>“I’ll take the offense,” Lucy declared. “The problem is locating the boss.”</p>

      <p>“I think they’ll have a similar kind of home to the lamiae,” Sasa noted, gripping even tighter. In contrast to Lucy, her skin felt cold to the touch. <em>It must have something to do with her being a lamia...</em></p>

      <p><em>These two were exact opposites. </em>But forget that, I was getting pretty cramped between them like this...I couldn’t move.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I asked around much of the guild, but there was no information on where the harpies might live.”</p>

      <p>“So we’ve got to find it ourselves...” Sasa muttered.</p>

      <p>“Let’s split up then. Sasa and I will search Labyrinthos. Fujiyan, would you mind taking Lucy with you? She and Nina can ask around the town.”</p>

      <p>“What?! Why? I want to go to the dungeon too!” Lucy complained.</p>

      <p>“Miss Lucy, they may encounter the dragon... It’s dangerous’h.”</p>

      <p>“Urk, that’s true... What about you then, Makoto?!”</p>

      <p>“I can at least run away if there’s water around. I also need to talk with the water elementals every day so I can use elemental magic.”</p>

      <p>“Do you?” Sasa asked. “That seems like a pretty harsh requirement.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe, but I can use ultra rank magic because of it.”</p>

      <p>“So...I just need to guide you around, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” I confirmed, “and we can practice your skills at the same time. I think you should learn <em>Stealth</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. You seem like you’re having fun,” she said.</p>

      <p>“What?” <em>Did I?</em></p>

      <p>Well, it was the first time we’d ever planned the takedown of a boss like this, and it <em>was</em> exciting.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Sasa, I should take it more seriously.”</p>

      <p>“Nah, I’d be all depressed if I were on my own. I’m glad you’re all helping.” Her expression was far softer than it had been yesterday.</p>

      <p>“Listen up, Makoto,” Lucy said, pinching my cheek. “You’re not allowed to do anything strange together just because you’re alone, got it?”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean, strange?” I asked, brushing her hand away.</p>

      <p>“You’re training with me in the evenings,” she declared instead of answering.</p>

      <p>“Obviously I will—your magic’s the foundation of our plan.”</p>

      <p>“Right!”</p>

      <p><em>Okay, we’ve got a general strategy.</em></p>

      <p>“All right, people, let’s get started,” I said. Everyone answered with firm nods.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>