<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The Sacred Deities ruled this world, so I’d be going against them. And unlike my mad predecessor from a thousand years ago, I would also have to face the Daemons.</p>

      <p>I was the only believer of a wicked deity in this world, so, in other words...</p>

      <p>I was the world’s enemy...</p>

      <p><em>The difficulty level’s gotten really unbalanced here. </em>Enough so that I snorted, thinking about what a rage game this world would make.</p>

      <p><em>That’s fine, though.</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t really hesitate; I knew what I should pick. After all, I always played games on hard mode.</p>

      <p>It’s more fun like that, right?<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Let’s grant your wish together,” I said, kneeling in front of Noah and meeting her eyes.</p>

      <p>Her gorgeous gaze wavered, and I felt like I’d fall into it.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe...maybe I’ve been affected by charm magic the entire time.</em></p>

      <p>“Thanks, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>Her smile was blinding.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>And thus, I officially started aiming to overthrow the world with Noah, and, with full understanding, truly became the believer of a wicked deity.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>