<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="extra_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Well, we just got out of the bath, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“Our clothes are still drying.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...”</p>

      <p>Yeah, their clothes had gotten all mucky because of the jelly slime.</p>

      <p><em>But hang on, this is bad! </em>I was sharing a bed with two naked girls in a love hotel or at least something similar!</p>

      <p>“I’ll dry them off with magic, then we can get out of here,” I said, keeping my eyes away from them and trying to get out of bed.</p>

      <p>“What are you saying?”</p>

      <p>“You’re not going to try anything, even in this situation?”</p>

      <p>Sasa and Lucy asked questions simultaneously, both of them grabbing my arms.</p>

      <p>“Uh... Wha?”</p>

      <p>Hold on! What the hell were <em>they</em> saying?! <em>This is weird...</em></p>

      <p>I wasn’t dense. I knew the two of them had at least some affection for me.</p>

      <p><em>Realllllly? </em>said a voice in my head.</p>

      <p>Noah! Don’t make this worse!</p>

      <p>All of this was far too sudden.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Takatsuki.” Sasa breathed, tracing a cold hand down my cheek.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...” Lucy murmured, her own warm fingers slipping along my collar bone.</p>

      <p>An unspeakably pleasant shiver ran down my spine. <em>Why are they being so aggressive?!</em></p>

      <p>It was completely different than before. Plus, I’d have said the two of them were arguing earlier, but now they were double-teaming me!</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, hey, look at the sign on the wall,</em> I heard from Noah.</p>

      <p>The sign? There was something by the room’s entrance that looked like the owners had written it. Instructions? One of the lines read, “This room has a scent for a more sensual mood.”</p>

      <p><em>So that’s why?! </em>I <em>did</em> remember smelling something sweet when we came in. I took a closer look at the girls’ faces and saw that both of their cheeks were reddened, and their eyes were heavily lidded. The “scent” from the room must have worked on them.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, stop!”</p>

      <p>The two of them had started undressing. The dim lighting of the room let me just see their bodies as they removed the sheets covering them.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Makoto, strip off.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll help you.”</p>

      <p>Wait, were they stronger now?! No, I was just too weak...</p>

      <p>In a moment, they had gotten my shirt off.</p>

      <p>“Wow, you’ve got muscles now.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve seen Makoto naked before?” Lucy demanded after a pause.</p>

      <p>“Tee hee hee, we had swim class together in junior high, after all.”</p>

      <p>“I guess I’ve trained since then...”</p>

      <p>Back then, I’d done nothing club-related, but had just gone home and gamed all the time. Because of that, I’d been pretty lanky. That hadn’t changed much, but I guess I <em>was</em> healthier now.</p>

      <p><em>But now’s not the time for that!</em></p>

      <p><em>Th-That tickles! </em>Sasa had gotten on top of me.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, Sasa?” I was panicking, but Lucy joined in too.</p>

      <p>“You saw me bathing before. Now it’s my turn,” she said, moving to lick at my neck.</p>

      <p>“Hyaah,” I cried out weakly.</p>

      <p>“That was a strange noise, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“You’re so cute, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>The two of them had bewitching smiles as they got ever closer.</p>

      <p><em>Th-This is bad.</em> I froze as words floated up in the air.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you have s*x with them?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The hell’s the big idea?!</p>

      <p><em>So if I go along with this...?</em></p>

      <p>No! They’re important to me. I didn’t want things to take that turn while they were under the dodgy effect of some aphrodisiac!</p>

      <p><em>How sad, Makoto, you’re not taking the feast offered to you?</em></p>

      <p>Shaddap! This was my choice. <em>I’d</em> make it!</p>

      <p>“Wait a minute!” I yelled, getting out of the bed and tossing the source of the scent out the window.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Fog!</em></p>

      <p>I used the mist from my magic as a ventilation system to get rid of the remaining odor.</p>

      <p>The sweet scent vanished, and as it did, the lidded look left the girls’ eyes.</p>

      <p>“Wha?”</p>

      <p>“U-Uh?”</p>

      <p>The pair exchanged glances.</p>

      <p>They were on a bed.</p>

      <p>They were naked.</p>

      <p>They screamed out in unison.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Um, Sasa? Lucy?”</p>

      <p>The two of them had come back to their senses, and I’d dried their clothes. I’d just waited outside until they’d changed. And now, they were sitting in a corner of the room, cradling their heads and mumbling.</p>

      <p>“Urgh... Why did I...?” Sasa murmured.</p>

      <p>“Argh...” Lucy groaned. “I tried to act like Mama...”</p>

      <p>At least the two of them were back to normal.</p>

      <p>“It was because of the shady fragrance the room had,” I told them. By the way, they were wearing their original clothes again.</p>

      <p>“Ugh, Takatsuki, did you see?”</p>

      <p>“He saw me...again... That’s the second time now...”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine,” I stressed. “I didn’t. See. Anything.”</p>

      <p>“Liar!” they called in unison.</p>

      <p><em>Well, true.</em></p>

      <p>I calmed them down as we headed back to Fujiyan and Nina’s lodging.</p>

      <p>“Oh, my esteemed Tackie! Back so late?”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, you must have enjoyed last night’h.”</p>

      <p>The other two were a bit <em>overly</em> sensitive to that remark.</p>

      <p>Where’d Nina hear that, anyway?<br/><br/></p>

      <p>We were back on the ship, headed home.</p>

      <p>Fujiyan and Nina had teased us about our late return, but Lucy and Sasa had gotten in a better mood once they’d eaten.</p>

      <p>Every time one of them met my gaze, they’d flush bright red and look away. They’d probably be back to normal soon, though.</p>

      <p>I leaned on the handrail and looked out over the ground below.</p>

      <p><em>It’s so peaceful.</em></p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...” Sasa said, coming into earshot and leaning next to me. Her cheeks were a little red, so I figured she was still embarrassed.</p>

      <p>“The wind feels nice, doesn’t it?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah... You looking at the scenery?”</p>

      <p><em>Huh, that’s a coincidence. I think I said something about wishing Sasa and I could look at this view together, back when I was first traveling to Labyrinthos. Didn’t I?</em></p>

      <p>Seems like my dream had been granted.</p>

      <p>“What’s up, Takatsuki? You’re grinning.”</p>

      <p>“I am? Well...I was just happy to be with you.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?! I-I see!”</p>

      <p><em>Uh, did I admit something strange?</em></p>

      <p>There was silence between us for a while. Should I try and say something clever? Although I guess with Sasa, it’d just make things weirder.</p>

      <p>The green scenery stretched on endlessly.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, Fujiyan’s making tea. Aya, we’ve got cakes.”</p>

      <p>“Really? Yay!” Sasa pattered off. It was cute, and I noticed Lucy staring at me as I watched Sasa leave.</p>

      <p>“You look like you’re having fun.”</p>

      <p>“I do?”</p>

      <p>“Are you happy being with Aya?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. She’s one of the few friends I have from back in my old world, and I can only go home with her thanks to you, Lucy.”</p>

      <p>There was a big crosswind as I spoke, and the ship shook and listed.</p>

      <p>“Ahh!” Lucy cried out, falling toward me.</p>

      <p>“Whoa there,” I said, grabbing her by the shoulder. I could feel the warmth through my hand. She was wearing the bracelet from the Grandsage, but her body temperature didn’t seem to have changed at all.</p>

      <p>“Th-Thank you...Makoto.”</p>

      <p>Her face was right in front of mine. The ship was level again, but she was still leaning against me and making no move to separate us. I didn’t want to force it, so we just remained silent.</p>

      <p>So, uh, how long were we staying like this? I had no idea when we should move apart.</p>

      <p>“Hey! I take my eyes off you for one minute and you’re getting ahead!” Sasa called as she returned.</p>

      <p>“H-How is this getting ahead?!”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Lu! Let’s go!” Sasa said, dragging her away.</p>

      <p>Despite the arguing, they were fairly cheery with each other, linking hands and heading inside.</p>

      <p>I guess it’d gone okay...?<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Suddenly, I could see a huge blue expanse on the horizon.</p>

      <p>That was Lake Chimay, in the middle of Roses. Macallan, our home, was near that lake as well.</p>

      <p>I’d finished my first real expedition since I’d come to this world, had been reunited with a classmate, and had safely returned home.</p>

      <p>All thanks to my goddess’s guidance.</p>

      <p>I suppose the adventure was a success. That’s just like Noah.</p>

      <p>I looked down from the ship again, and the world seemed to continue on forever. As far as I could see, there were mountain ranges and swathes of green. Everywhere that I couldn’t see was somewhere I’d never been.</p>

      <p><em>They’re the Sacred Deities and Noah’s enemies...</em></p>

      <p>Being her believer, I was the world’s enemy.</p>

      <p>“I’ve got a long way to go...”</p>

      <p>My goal was so far away it was giving me vertigo.</p>

      <p>“But still, that makes it all worth it,” I muttered to myself, leaving the deck to head inside.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>