<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue: The Story of a Pair That Liked Games</h1>

      <p>“You’re always playing games, right, Takatsuki?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>We were in classroom 1-A of Eastern Shinagawa Public Junior High School, and the person who’d suddenly spoken to me during lunch break was a petite girl wearing pigtails.</p>

      <p>Not much about me had changed in the half year since we’d started junior high. I was still a loner, so the girl and I weren’t friends. I knew her name at least since she was a classmate, but we’d never spoken...until now.</p>

      <p>“Ah, sorry. I kinda came out of nowhere. Am I interrupting?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“N-No, not at all...”</p>

      <p>Even if she was, it’s not like I could tell her that outright. I can’t talk with people! And on top of that, my heart was racing because I hadn’t talked to a girl in a long time.</p>

      <p>“What kinda game is it?” She asked her next question as she leaned over to look at the screen. Guess she had a pretty loose concept of personal space.</p>

      <p>“Uh, it’s a new one...” I answered before pausing. “Do you like games, Sasaki?”</p>

      <p>I was sure that was her name—Aya Sasaki. She was a talkative girl who scampered around like a hamster. She wasn’t a grand beauty, but she was cheerful and easy to talk to, plus she had a cute smile. The guys and girls all loved her.</p>

      <p>Obviously, she’d have nothing in common with a gloomy gamer like me, so why had she come over to talk? Some kind of dare?</p>

      <p>“Aya! Come on!” one of her friends called.</p>

      <p>“Comiiing!” Sasaki answered. She raised a hand before turning back to me and clapping me lightly on the shoulder. “Let’s talk about games some other time, Takatsuki!”</p>

      <p>Once she’d dashed off, I noticed that my body felt slightly hot where she’d touched me. Maybe I was a little jealous.</p>

      <p><em>What was that all about?</em></p>

      <p>It’d been a long time since a girl had spoken to me. The experience had been nerve-racking...but Sasaki <em>did</em> seem easy to talk to.</p>

      <p>Whatever. Her saying “some other time” was probably just one of those social obligations.</p>

      <p><em>Or so I’d thought...</em></p>

      <p>“But here she is at my house...”</p>

      <p>“What was that?” asked Sasaki.</p>

      <p>“Nothing, don’t worry about it.”</p>

      <p>Out of nowhere, she’d asked me if I was free. Seeing as I’m in the go-home club, I’d said my schedule was free <em>every</em> day.</p>

      <p>“Can I come over then?” she’d asked, and there’d been no way to refuse.</p>

      <p>As she peered around my room, she commented, “You don’t have much stuff, do you?” Then, she sat down on my bed with a soft thump.</p>

      <p><em>Uh... </em>That’s<em> where you’re sitting? </em>No hesitation at all, right onto a guy’s bed.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>