<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“So! What games do you play?” She was kicking her legs in the air and looking at me.</p>

      <p>“Uh...well these are the games I bought recently...”</p>

      <p>She looked through them. “Aww, they’re all single-player. Don’t you have any two-player ones?”</p>

      <p>Well, I always played on my own! It’s not like I had anyone to play with anyway.</p>

      <p>“I’ll bring some of my brother’s over next time.”</p>

      <p><em>Huh? You’re coming again?</em> I thought, but couldn’t ask.</p>

      <p>In the end, we played an RPG together.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>—The next day.</p>

      <p><em>Here she is again.</em></p>

      <p>This time, she had brought several games that she’d taken from her brother.</p>

      <p>Apparently, Sasaki liked games, but her brother wouldn’t play much with her anymore, so she was looking for someone who would.</p>

      <p>“Can’t you play with your girl friends?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Well, none of them like games.”</p>

      <p>“Hm, so why not look for someone who does?”</p>

      <p>“Why do you think I’m here?” She answered my question with one of her own, and her expression conveyed an unspoken, <em>What are you on about?</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, yeah, that makes sense.”</p>

      <p>“Besides,” she added after a minute, “girls are cliquey, so making new friends is a lot of work.”</p>

      <p>“O-Oh... Right...”</p>

      <p>So this was the darkness of female society. I’d heard some superstitions online.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, does it bother you? Me being here.”</p>

      <p>“Nah, not at all.” I’d been nervous at first, but I was always willing to talk about games. It was actually pretty fun.</p>

      <p>So that was how Sasaki had ended up coming over to my place a few times each week. Before I knew it, I’d stopped calling her Sasaki and had started calling her Sasa. This routine continued as we moved into high school as well.</p>

      <p>“Hey, do you have plans over Christmas?” she asked one day.</p>

      <p>“Why bother asking when you know I don’t, Sasa?”</p>

      <p>By this point, we’d gotten completely relaxed with each other.</p>

      <p>“Keep yourself open then,” she said.</p>

      <p>“I already told you that I’m free.”</p>

      <p>Well, if she wanted me to keep that day open, then I would. Otherwise, I’d never get the chance to find out why she wanted me to be available.</p>

      <p>“I’m looking forward to the ski trip next week!” she cheered.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m not great with the cold. I wanna bunk off and game at home.”</p>

      <p>“You don’t exercise enough, Takatsuki. You need to do it more.”</p>

      <p>“You like to exercise, Sasa?”</p>

      <p>“Hm, I think I prefer playing games at your place now,” she murmured into my ear, her warm breath carrying her words.</p>

      <p><em>That’s bad for my heart!</em></p>

      <p>I felt my face redden as she giggled.</p>

      <p>All of this was a memory from winter during my first year of high school.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Recently, I’d felt like I was forgetting her smile. The last time I’d seen her was over a year ago. It was just before we’d ended up in this world, and the two of us had been talking in the trapped bus.</p>

      <p>Right now, the sight above me was a familiar ceiling in the rest area of the Macallan adventurer’s guild.</p>

      <p>I’d been dreaming of the past.</p>

      <p><em>I miss you...Sasa.</em></p>

      <p>She was a classmate I hadn’t been able to see in this world—she’d been my only friend from junior high, and a girl that I’d had some quiet feelings for back then.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll never see her again...</em></p>

      <p>I spent the rest of the day feeling sad.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>