<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: A Family Reunion</h1>

      <p>The next day, Rio followed the plan they had arranged the night before and received permission to leave the castle in the morning. Aishia and the other girls had brought Aki and Masato to the capital already, but they couldn’t go to the castle quite yet.</p>

      <p>The purpose of Rio’s outing was to create a cover story for King Francois, to prove that he had met with Aki and Masato to confirm their intentions. They couldn’t possibly give him the explanation that they had snuck out of the castle at night to meet in secret already, after all. Rio spent two hours outside of the castle before returning to finally set things in motion with Satsuki and Miharu.</p>

      <p>After requesting an audience with King Francois in one of the castle’s drawing rooms, they told him there were people they wanted to invite to the castle. Takahisa and Lilianna were also summoned to the room, and Michel and Charlotte were present as well. Satsuki took the lead on explaining, being that she was the hero.</p>

      <p>She spoke of how Rio had been looking after Aki and Masato together with Miharu, about how they wanted to see Takahisa, and as a result, they wished to summon the two of them to the castle. They weren’t brought to the castle in the first place because the two of them were too young to attend the banquet.</p>

      <p>“I understand. You may invite them to the castle immediately. If they are Sir Takahisa’s siblings, then I presume it would be fine for them to lodge in your quarters?” Francois approved once Satsuki had explained everything to a rough degree.</p>

      <p>“Yes!” Takahisa nodded eagerly, and so it was decided that Aki and Masato would be brought to the castle. After that, Rio left the castle in the company of an official and headed straight for Aki and Masato. Miharu went with him, after offering to go as well.</p>

      <p>They went to the meet-up location they had decided on beforehand and safely brought Aki and Masato back to the castle, then headed straight for the drawing room they’d occupied before.</p>

      <p>“Takahisa!” Aki yelled in delight as soon as she entered the room and spotted him. Masato stood right behind her with a shy smile on his face.</p>

      <p>“Aki! Masato!” Takahisa jumped out of the chair he was sitting in and ran towards the two of them, overcome with emotion.</p>

      <p>“It’s you! I can’t believe it’s you!” Aki dashed forward to hug him. Takahisa opened his arms to catch her.</p>

      <p>“Aki! I’m so glad you’re safe, seriously...!” Takahisa squeezed her tightly.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, that hurts,” Aki said, though she was hugging her brother just as strongly.</p>

      <p>“Oops, sorry.” Takahisa reflexively tried to loosen his hold.</p>

      <p>“Nope, this time it’s my turn. Hehe... it’s really you.” Aki squeezed her arms even tighter. She buried her face in Takahisa’s chest. Even a normally cool-headed girl like her had a childish side.</p>

      <p>“How have you been, Aki? I, uhh... heard you were nearly made into a slave...”</p>

      <p>“Yup, I’ve been good. Haruto... He saved me,” Aki replied with a shadow over her smile. She almost looked at Rio, but stopped herself partway.</p>

      <p>“I see. Well, you’re safe now—I’ll protect you.”</p>

      <p>“...Yeah.” Aki nodded vaguely. Seeing her unhappy expression made Takahisa’s face cloud over with frustration. He bit down on his lip and looked at Rio.</p>

      <p>“...Umm. Thank you very much, Haruto. For protecting the three of them. Really.”</p>

      <p>“Not a problem,” Rio replied shortly, shaking his head.</p>

      <p>“How have you been, Masato? Come closer—show me your face,” Takahisa said to Masato, who was standing a distance away.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine. Don’t be embarrassing about it,” Masato replied awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“You’ve grown so much in our short time apart,” Takahisa said in a brotherly way.</p>

      <p>“Really? Well, I’m still growing,” Masato huffed shyly and looked at his own limbs.</p>

      <p>“You siblings get along so well. But I really am glad the five of us could reunite like this safely. Long time no see, Aki, Masato.” Satsuki had been watching the family reunion warmly until now, when she decided to address them. Only Rio, Miharu, and the two siblings involved knew that Satsuki had snuck out of the castle to go see them before the banquet, so she needed to pretend she was meeting them again for the first time.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Satsuki,” Aki said.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s good to see you’re safe as well,” Masato chimed in. They gave their replies as they had planned—as though they were meeting again for the first time.</p>

      <p>“If you have all been reunited safely, then we shall take our leave. It would be impolite for us to intrude on such a long-awaited reunion,” Francois said, looking at Lilianna.</p>

      <p>“Yes. We shall give our proper greetings at a later time,” Lilianna agreed immediately.</p>

      <p>“If you don’t mind, Sir Haruto, could you please accompany me?” Charlotte suddenly asked Rio.</p>

      <p>“Of course.” With no reason to refuse the request of a princess, Rio nodded readily. Thus, everyone other than the five people from Earth left the room. The door clicked shut, leaving the five of them alone.</p>

      <p>“How about we all sit down first? Miharu, you can sit next to me,” Satsuki suggested.</p>

      <p>“Right.” Takahisa nodded happily, guiding Aki to the sofa for them to sit together. Masato sat down on a sofa a slight distance away, while Miharu seated herself beside Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“I know we’ve finally reunited and are in high spirits, but we already have a general idea of each other’s circumstances and it’s quite difficult to find time for the five of us to be together, so how about we discuss the things that need to be said first?” Satsuki said, looking around at everyone’s faces.</p>

      <p>“Sure. But what do we need to discuss?” Takahisa looked at Satsuki and cocked his head.</p>

      <p>“The serious matter of our future. Everything’s really complicated right now, right? Neither Takahisa nor I can leave our kingdoms easily, and we’ll probably be separated again in the future. Looking at things in the long-term, shouldn’t we decide on what to do in order to return to Earth?” Satsuki said, summarizing the agenda succinctly.</p>

      <p>“That’s true...” Takahisa nodded, glancing over at Miharu opposite him.</p>

      <p>“There’s something you should know involving Haruto first. It’s heavily related to our future, too. I’ve received permission to tell you about it, but you have to keep what I’m about to say an absolute secret from anyone else. Can you promise me that?” Satsuki looked directly at Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“If you’re talking to just me, then the others...” Takahisa looked around.</p>

      <p>“They know already. If you can promise me you’ll keep it a secret, then I’ll tell you too. If you can’t make that promise, then I’ll just tell you the conclusion with the detailed explanation omitted, so keep that in mind. Just don’t ask the others to tell you, because they’ve promised already and would be troubled by that.” Satsuki’s explanation was so abstract, there was no way of telling what the matter was about. However, Takahisa didn’t want to be the only one left out of the loop.</p>

      <p>“...All right. I promise. Please tell me.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. To start with the conclusion... We may not be returning to Earth within the next four years.” Satsuki stated.</p>

      <p>“...Four years? How do you know that?” It was a strangely specific number.</p>

      <p>“There’s someone who died in Japan four years after we disappeared on our way home—and was reborn into this world. That person heard from your own mother that Miharu was still missing four years later.”</p>

      <p>“...What?” <em>What is going on?</em> Takahisa made a dubious face.</p>

      <p>“That person is now Haruto, and he used to be Aki’s older brother in his past life. His name was Amakawa Haruto. He was separated from Aki when his parents divorced. Masato wasn’t aware of him, but perhaps you know of this, Takahisa...?” Satsuki asked, but Takahisa’s eyes were completely blank with shock. The words being said were entering his head, but he couldn’t quite accept them as reality so readily.</p>

      <p>“Aki, you had an older brother other than me...?” Takahisa turned his head to the side, straining himself to ask Aki.</p>

      <p>“I do not. You’re the only brother I have right now. The only one...” Aki furrowed her brow and squeezed Takahisa’s hand.</p>

      <p>“As you can see, Aki has feelings of reservation towards Amakawa Haruto. This is just my speculation, but the reason why your parents didn’t tell you two about Haruto’s existence was probably related to that.” Satsuki sighed quietly.</p>

      <p>“Aki...” Takahisa squeezed Aki’s hand back to reassure her.</p>

      <p>“Amakawa Haruto was also Miharu’s childhood friend. He was separated from her as well when his parents divorced when they were seven years old,” Satsuki continued.</p>

      <p>“Miharu’s...?” Takahisa’s eyes widened as his expression stiffened.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. Haruto is the reincarnation of my childhood friend.” Miharu verified Satsuki’s statement with a serious expression.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Takahisa paled as his heart throbbed unpleasantly. He didn’t understand why, but he couldn’t help but feel terrified that there was a part of Miharu he didn’t know about.</p>

      <p>“Let’s get back to the topic at hand. According to Haruto’s memories, Aki’s mother said that Miharu was still missing. However, she also said that Aki was doing well when asked about her.”</p>

      <p>“...Does that mean Aki returns to Earth while Miharu doesn’t?” That was ridiculous. Takahisa couldn’t believe that Aki and Miharu would be separated. He looked dubious.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Whether this was a lie to prevent Haruto from worrying or whether it was the truth—and what this could mean if it was the truth—there’s just no way of knowing,” Satsuki said thoughtfully, a troubled shadow over her elegant face.</p>

      <p>“...W-Wait a minute! I can’t believe Aki and Miharu would be separated. Was Haruto unaware of the fact that Aki had disappeared? If so, wouldn’t he know that Mom lied when she said Aki was doing well...?!” Takahisa insisted in a heated panic.</p>

      <p>“...Haruto was unaware of the fact Aki had gone missing. After his parents divorced, Haruto’s father completely cut off any information about Aki and their mother from reaching him,” Satsuki replied, glancing at Aki for a moment. Aki’s mouth was twisted in a bitter frown at the mention of her father.</p>

      <p>“But... I just can’t believe it. There’s no way Aki and Miharu could’ve been separated. Couldn’t Mom have been lying to stop Haruto from worrying?” Takahisa said, this time causing Miharu to be the one to retain a bitter smile.</p>

      <p>“...True, that’s another likely possibility. I find it hard to believe that Aki wouldn’t go and find the past Haruto once she returned to Earth, too...” Satsuki looked over at Aki. “At any rate, it doesn’t seem like we’ll be returning to Earth anytime soon. Reluctant as I am to admit, that’s practically been confirmed now. And so, we should have a proper discussion about how we’re going to live in this world from now on, instead of having just a vague idea. Wouldn’t you agree?”</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Miharu nodded firmly in approval.</p>

      <p>“To be honest, for me... I was pretty panicked until Haruto appeared with Miharu. I was lonely. I had wondered if Miharu and the others were also summoned into this world, but I had no proof, and I just wanted to go home as soon as possible. But you know, I’m more optimistic now. Everyone’s here. I’ve made a very reliable friend in Haruto. So I can’t remain pessimistic about this forever, you know? If we’re not going to be able to return for a while—or even ever—then I want to get a proper footing in this world and live a meaningful life.” Satsuki looked around at everyone as she gave her own thoughts.</p>

      <p>“Until now, we’ve only discussed things vaguely. We wondered what we’d do if we met up with Satsuki and Takahisa. We all have our own thoughts on things, but we kind of ended up avoiding that discussion... But I think it’s something that should be discussed properly, now that the five of us have gathered,” Miharu stated her opinion clearly.</p>

      <p>“Right. It may be impossible for the five of us to live together, but as long as we know we’re all safe, as long as we know we can see each other again... I think we’d be able to manage.” Satsuki nodded.</p>

      <p>“The five of us together, huh... True, with Satsuki as a hero of the Galarc Kingdom, it’d be difficult for her to live in the Centostella Kingdom.” Takahisa looked at Satsuki with a frown.</p>

      <p>“Well, yeah...” Satsuki nodded awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“...Are you going back to Centostella right away?” Aki tugged at Takahisa’s sleeve and asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’ll probably be able to come out again, but I don’t think I can stay for long. That’s why I thought about what I wanted to do all night. I want everyone to come with me. I want to stay with you all forever. I’ll protect you. I’ll definitely protect you all.” Takahisa’s face was pulled into a tense expression to convey his determination as he looked at Aki, Masato, and finally—Miharu.</p>

      <p>“I also want to stay with you...” Despite replying with that, there was a faint touch of hesitation in Aki’s voice. She did want to stay with Takahisa. However, she may have been troubled by whether it was okay to throw aside the bonds she had made living with the others in the stone house up until this point.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Masato hummed. He seemed to be indecisive and unwilling to answer.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I won’t be going to Centostella Kingdom.” Miharu made her refusal loud and clear.</p>

      <p>“W-Why...” Takahisa asked hoarsely.</p>

      <p>“Because I intend on staying with Haruto...” Miharu replied immediately.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Takahisa made a face as though he had been shoved off a cliff. Speechless, he looked at Miharu imploringly, but she had nothing more to add.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, when Aki heard Miharu’s clear intention to stay with Haruto, her mouth twisted reflexively into a sullen frown.</p>

      <p>“I also want to stay with Haruto, I think. I wavered a bit, having you in front of me, but I still want to stay with Haruto for now,” Masato stated.</p>

      <p>“But why...” Takahisa was clearly enraged as he mumbled in a quiet voice.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm! I want to stay with you!” Aki seemed to have heard Takahisa mumbling from her place beside him, as she hurriedly declared her own position.</p>

      <p>“Aki...!” Takahisa’s expression brightened as though he had found an oasis in the desert.</p>

      <p>“It’s not that I don’t want to stay with you, bro. It’s just... Haruto’s looked after us so much and I can’t imagine walking away just like ‘Okay, thanks, bye...’ I know you’re ignoring Haruto right now, but you understand how it feels too, right, Aki?” Masato asked her.</p>

      <p>“...” Aki seemed unable to be as honest as Masato and held her tongue. However, that was the greatest proof that she felt the same way.</p>

      <p><em>Was Haruto that big of an influence on Masato and Aki?</em> They had only been separated for a few months... Takahisa fell into the illusion that his precious bonds were being stolen and clenched his fists tightly.</p>

      <p>Masato sighed at Aki’s lack of a response and voiced his own thoughts once again. “Also, in my case, I have my sword training, too... I don’t want to lose my progress. That’s why I can’t go with you right now, bro. Not until I’ve grown up enough to stand on my own.”</p>

      <p>“Sword training?! You— You’re learning how to use a sword?” It was a comment that couldn’t be ignored.</p>

      <p>“I am...” Masato was slightly taken aback by Takahisa’s excessive reaction.</p>

      <p>“Why are you learning it? It’s not fun and games. Swords are used to kill people in this world.” Since he was learning to use swords at the castle himself, he understood that fact well. Or rather—he was being made to learn it. That was why he showed such an extreme reaction to the knowledge that Masato was learning as well.</p>

      <p>“I know. Haruto’s teaching me everything. And if you know that much, that means you’re learning how to master the sword yourself, no?” Masato pointed out how hypocritical that was.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine for me to. I’m already in high school, and I understand things. But you’re still in elementary school. Your sense of morals and ethics aren’t developed yet.”</p>

      <p>“I understand things, too!”</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t tell me you’ve actually killed someone before.” What if he had? Takahisa suddenly paled.</p>

      <p>“No way! But there are monsters out there, and the world is what it is. I have to be able to protect us if anything bad ever happens. We were nearly abducted the moment we came to this world, after all,” Masato objected in a rough tone of voice.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I’m saying I’ll protect you from now on. You won’t need to set foot anywhere dangerous of your own accord. As long as you stay in the castle, nothing bad will ever happen. It’s safe there.”</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, I’m not going with you! I don’t want to just sit there and be protected.”</p>

      <p>“If you fight, you might end up getting killed! Ever think of that?!” Takahisa scolded him harshly.</p>

      <p>“Haruto’s taught me that already!”</p>

      <p>“Guh...” There was that name again. Haruto, Haruto, Haruto. He’d made his way inside of everyone’s head while Takahisa wasn’t around. Even though that place should have been for him...</p>

      <p>“Calm down, you two. I know I said we should discuss things, but I didn’t say we should argue,” Satsuki interrupted in the time that Takahisa fell silent.</p>

      <p>“I... I just don’t want Masato to live a dangerous life. It’s safe in the castle, and as for learning swordcraft... If he absolutely had to, he could learn properly from the knights in the castle,” Takahisa said sullenly.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Safety of the castle aside, Haruto’s an honorary knight himself, you know. He’s stronger than your average knight,” Satsuki noted.</p>

      <p>“Exactly.” Masato nodded smugly.</p>

      <p>“Masato, you have to try and understand how worried Takahisa is about you too, okay? Just imagining you running off somewhere and dying... anyone would feel uneasy,” Satsuki said to calm Masato, showing a smile with a bit of gloom to it. She had also been alone when she first came to this world, so perhaps that was why she could understand Takahisa’s feelings.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Well, yeah, I guess.” Masato nodded reluctantly.</p>

      <p>“So, in conclusion... or rather, to summarize for now, Aki will be going to Centostella Kingdom with Takahisa, Miharu and Masato will stay with Haruto, and I’ll remain in the Galarc Kingdom—does that sound right?” Satsuki didn’t have any objection to the choices made as long as they were what the person in question decided for themselves, but it didn’t seem like Takahisa and Aki were as accepting. With that in mind, she looked at the two of them.</p>

      <p>“...Are you okay with this, Aki? About leaving your ill feelings unaddressed and separating from Haruto like this,” Miharu asked her.</p>

      <p>“...Who cares.” Aki averted her eyes from Miharu, giving an indifferent answer to hide her irritation.</p>

      <p>“If you’re going to go with Takahisa, you should talk to him properly beforehand. Even if you’re going to move away from him, I hope you’d reconcile first.” Miharu placed a hand over her chest. At that, Aki ground her teeth and sneered in return.</p>

      <p>“You’re completely on his side now, aren’t you? You’re not my ally anymore,” Aki replied sharply.</p>

      <p>“...No. That’s wrong. I’ve always considered you special to me. You’re like my real little sister,” Miharu denied with great sadness.</p>

      <p>“Then why aren’t you coming with us?! Don’t go with him—come with me and my brother! Stay with me!” Aki yelled at Miharu in grief.</p>

      <p>“I... can’t do that. I’m sorry.” Miharu looked extremely distraught, but nevertheless expressed her intentions.</p>

      <p>“I-Is it because you love him, Miharu? Is it because you love him that you can’t stay with me? You’d choose him instead?” Aki’s voice shook terribly as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“It’s not like that...” Miharu gasped in shock. She wanted to stay with Haruto, not Aki. That may indeed have been the meaning of her choice, but the nuance was completely wrong.</p>

      <p>“...Aki. It might not be my place to say this, since I’ve only heard of what happened through other people—but don’t you think that was too much?” Satsuki had been watching quietly as an outsider, but even she couldn’t let this conversation go on any longer.</p>

      <p>“That’s right, Aki,” Masato also agreed indignantly.</p>

      <p>“Love...” When Takahisa heard the possibility of Miharu being in love with Haruto, he fell speechless. That shock gradually shifted into panic.</p>

      <p>“W-What does Haruto think?!” Takahisa asked loudly. Think about what? The implication of his question was too broad.</p>

      <p>“...He says he’ll entrust the matter of who stays with who up to Miharu and the others themselves. He didn’t seem too enthusiastic about the thought of Miharu following him, though,” Satsuki replied.</p>

      <p>“...That part is settled now. We talked it out, and I asked him. While he’s still reluctant about it, he accepted it.” Miharu looked at Satsuki and nodded.</p>

      <p>“There you have it.” Satsuki smiled with a huff and looked at Takahisa. “Well done, Miharu. Though the fact that Haruto’s still reluctant is a little...” She sighed tiredly. Miharu simply smiled shyly.</p>

      <p>“T-Then Haruto can just go with you...” Takahisa said in a great panic.</p>

      <p>“...That’s not possible. Haruto has things he needs to do, too.” Recalling what Rio was trying to do, Satsuki’s face clouded over a bit.</p>

      <p>“I-Is that the reason why he’s reluctant to bring Miharu along, perhaps?” When it came to the topic of Miharu, Takahisa had sharp instincts. His comment was right on the mark.</p>

      <p>“Well, you could say that...” Satsuki nodded begrudgingly. Takahisa saw his chance in that and gulped before speaking.</p>

      <p>“If Haruto doesn’t want you to follow him, wouldn’t forcing him to take you along just cause him trouble?”</p>

      <p>“...You might be right. But I think that’s fine, too. He’s trying to live apart from a path of peace, so he needs someone beside him to pull him back into a regular life,” Satsuki said wearily, a knowing look on her face.</p>

      <p>“He’s trying to live a turbulent life?” Unaware of the circumstances, Takahisa and the others cocked their heads dubiously.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Why doesn’t Haruto want Miharu to follow him in the first place? He’s fine with me going?” Masato asked Miharu and Satsuki, tilting his head.</p>

      <p>“That’s... because...” Miharu couldn’t find the right words.</p>

      <p>“Probably because Haruto was Amakawa Haruto in his past life, and Miharu was his childhood friend, I guess. I can’t speak for Haruto any more than that, though. Right, Miharu?” Satsuki gave an ambiguous but simple explanation to avoid going into detail, before seeking Miharu’s agreement in a kind voice.</p>

      <p>“...Yes.” Miharu nodded quietly.</p>

      <p><em>What’s... the deal with that...</em> Takahisa was overwhelmingly flustered, but he grit his teeth to force that feeling down.</p>

      <p><em>Even though I decided I would be the one to protect her... I would...</em> Things had taken such an unexpected turn in the mere months they had been apart, he couldn’t accept that he would be separated from Miharu again.</p>

      <p>Were they saying he was being kept out of the loop from the beginning? He didn’t want to feel the fear of losing someone important to him anymore, so he had decided he would tell Miharu his feelings.</p>

      <p>Yet, before he could even tell Miharu his feelings, this happens...</p>

      <p><em>I have to do something... something...</em> Takahisa was grinding his teeth when Aki squeezed his hand. His expression changed with a gasp and he squeezed her hand back.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be okay. I’ll be with you,” Aki whispered so that only Takahisa could hear, before speaking up. “All right, Miharu. I’ll do it. I’ll talk with Haruto.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, after Rio had left the drawing room and bid farewell to the others, he walked with Charlotte down a hallway of the castle.</p>

      <p>“Where might we be headed?” Rio asked with a chuckle.</p>

      <p>“The people from the main Beltrum government are leaving to return to their kingdom today, so we’ll be seeing them off first. After that, I have promised to have tea with Liselotte and was hoping you would be open to joining us,” Charlotte answered in a strangely cheerful mood.</p>

      <p>“Is that so...” Rio didn’t know why she was in a good mood and watched her expression as he responded.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, Sir Haruto,” Charlotte suddenly said.</p>

      <p>“For what, may I ask?”</p>

      <p>“For Aki and Masato. You brought them to the castle because you could trust us, no? That means Lady Satsuki has also decided to trust us to some extent. We’re very delighted about that. Perhaps you have already told her of our conversation during the dance at the banquet last night?”</p>

      <p>“...Yes. However, I don’t believe my passing of the message had any influence on the outcome.” If Aki and Masato had desired it, they would have ended up coming to the castle anyway.</p>

      <p>“You may claim that, but I don’t believe that to be the case. Father was also extremely delighted and praised you highly for it, Sir Haruto.” Charlotte smiled with a giggle. As they conversed, Rio and Charlotte walked towards the geometric garden that led to the castle gate.</p>

      <p>Several horse carriages were waiting there as members of the Beltrum Kingdom royalty and nobility prepared to depart. They would be traveling to the Beltrum capital by enchanted ship, but the horse carriages were to take them from the castle to the harbor.</p>

      <p>“It seems like they’ll be departing soon. Princess Christina and the hero are over there, too. I’m glad we made it in time. Now, come this way, Sir Haruto.” Rio followed Charlotte’s lead towards the nobility of the Beltrum Kingdom. Considering their past, he wouldn’t have approached them by choice, but the chance of his identity being discovered was extremely low. If anything, he wondered how many people from there actually remembered him.</p>

      <p>“Are Princess Christina and Sir Rui available? I’d like to greet them and see them off. I’m the Galarc Kingdom’s second princess, Charlotte, and this is the honorary knight, Sir Amakawa,” Charlotte said to the knights guarding the horse carriages. It felt strange to have himself introduced as a knight, but it was certainly useful in how it made nobles more accommodating towards him.</p>

      <p>“Please wait a moment.” A knight left in a fluster at the arrival of figures of such high status. Less than a minute later, Christina and Rui appeared with their guards in tow.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for coming to see us off, Princess Charlotte, Sir Amakawa,” Christina greeted them gracefully.</p>

      <p>“We probably won’t be seeing each other again for a while, so I wanted to at least bid you farewell. I had hoped we could talk more while you were here, but our positions make it difficult, after all. I’m happy we made it in time to see you off, though,” Charlotte said with a grin, glancing away from Christina nonchalantly. At the end of her gaze was Charles Arbor, who had accompanied the rest of the Beltrum Kingdom here.</p>

      <p>Christina also shot Charles a glance before replying with a gentle smile. “We may be able to meet again sooner than expected, but you’re right. There’s always the possibility we won’t see each other again, so I’m glad we’re able to greet each other properly like this.” Then, she proceeded to direct her gaze at Rio. “Sir Amakawa, thank you for seeing us off, too. Sir Rui had also wanted to talk to you some more.”</p>

      <p>“That’s... I’m honored.” Rio bowed his head deeply at Rui.</p>

      <p>“I’m the one who is pleased to be able to see you again, Haruto. Like Princess Christina said, I wanted to speak with you,” Rui said, giving a refreshing smile.</p>

      <p>“While it would be my pleasure, may I ask why?” Had he done something to attract his interest this much?</p>

      <p>“It was because of what you said about your parents, I suppose. Your name sounds very similar to those of my hometown, so it made me feel a sense of familiarity, like you came from the same place as me. It seems that besides Satsuki, the other two heroes would rather be distanced from me, so if we ever have the chance to meet again, would you be willing to speak with me as a friend?” Rui said with a bittersweet smile, offering his hand to Rio for a handshake.</p>

      <p>“Of course—I would be happy to.” Rio immediately shook Rui’s offered hand.</p>

      <p>“Thank you.” Rui’s handsome face broke out in a happy smile. Then, Charles Arbor—who had been watching their exchange—approached.</p>

      <p>“Are you two done? It’s almost time to depart,” he said to Christina and Rui.</p>

      <p>“Yes. See you later, then,” Rui said and turned on his heel.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, Sir Amakawa. You have some dust on your shoulder,” Christina suddenly pointed out.</p>

      <p>“Oh, how embarrassing.” Rio reflexively moved his hand to pat away the dust.</p>

      <p>“No, not over there...” Christina said, then took several steps towards Rio and whispered in Rio’s left ear so only he could hear.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for saving Flora.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>