<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: A Duel and the Result</h1>

      <p>The night of the duel with Satsuki, Rio informed her and Miharu that he would be stepping out for a moment. Then, he headed by himself to the guest rooms where Takahisa was staying with Aki, Masato, and Lilianna.</p>

      <p>He didn’t bring Satsuki and Miharu along because he felt it was appropriate to speak to Takahisa and Aki alone.</p>

      <p>Thus, he arrived before the rooms where Lilianna’s female knights stood guard. However, the two knights seemed more like young girls than adults. One was the petite Alice, who looked to be in her early- to mid-teens. The other was Kiara, who seemed similar to Rio’s age, in her mid-teens.</p>

      <p>“Oh, it’s the really strong guy. Wow, he looks even cooler up close. Ah, my name’s Alice. The second daughter of a duke in the Centostella Kingdom.” The petite girl, Alice, introduced herself in an overly familiar way. She had a rather wild personality for a knight serving a member of the royal family.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Alice!” Kiara immediately scolded her.</p>

      <p>“F-Forgive me, Miss Kiara!” Alice apologized in a vacant voice.</p>

      <p>“I’m not the one you should be apologizing to. Please forgive the rudeness, Sir Amakawa.” Kiara sighed tiredly, bowing her head at Rio.</p>

      <p>“No, it doesn’t bother me. In fact, I should be the one apologizing for dropping by without warning, as I’d like to meet with Sir Takahisa. Could you pass on the message for me?”</p>

      <p>“...Understood. Please wait a moment. You come too, Alice.” Kiara thought for a moment before entering the rooms with Alice, leaving Rio alone outside.</p>

      <p>“Welcome. Please come inside.” Lilianna’s attendant, Frill, came out to invite Rio inside less than a minute later. Rio followed Frill into the room.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me.” He bowed his head deeply as soon as he stepped in, his hand over his chest. Sitting on the high-class sofa inside the room was Takahisa, Aki, Masato and Lilianna.</p>

      <p>“Welcome, Sir Haruto,” Lilianna greeted on behalf of the others.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much for agreeing to meet with me, despite the late hour.” Rio turned to Lilianna and bowed his head once more.</p>

      <p>“I heard that you have business with Sir Takahisa.”</p>

      <p>“Yes—Aki and Masato as well, to be precise. Princess Lilianna is welcome to sit in as well, if you so wish,” Rio said respectfully.</p>

      <p>“...What is this about?” Takahisa asked Rio warily.</p>

      <p>“The continuation of the conversation the six of us had today. After our match, Satsuki said some things to me. I have come here to inform you of my thoughts and opinions of the future.”</p>

      <p>Rio’s answer made Lilianna close her eyes and think for a moment, before speaking up. “...In that case, please use the room over there.” She would probably hear the details from Takahisa later. Rio’s past life aside, Lilianna would have been informed about their plans for the future and who would be staying with whom.</p>

      <p>“I am most grateful for your consideration.” Rio bowed deeply to express his gratitude.</p>

      <p>“What are you waiting for? Let’s go.” Masato stood up first, prompting Takahisa and Aki to move as well.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah. Let’s go, Takahisa.” Thus, the four of them moved to an adjacent bedroom. This was the bedroom where the three members of the Sendo family were staying. The room’s furnishings consisted of three beds, a desk, and four armchairs.</p>

      <p>“Let’s sit down. I’ll sit beside Haruto.” Masato sat down on an armchair with a thump.</p>

      <p>“Okay. Then, if you don’t mind.” Rio huffed with a smile and sat beside Masato. Takahisa and Aki took the seats opposite them. Once Rio confirmed that everyone was seated, he immediately began to speak.</p>

      <p>“First, you should know that my thoughts are generally the same as what I told you during the match today. However, I no longer have the reluctance that I previously did. As long as everyone has thought about their answer, I have decided that I will respect that.”</p>

      <p>“...What are you trying to say?” Takahisa asked with a dubious look.</p>

      <p>“If Miharu and Masato say that they want to remain in my care as they have until now, then I will no longer try to stop them. As long as they have made that decision after hearing my thoughts, then they can do as they wish,” Rio said with a strangely discerning expression.</p>

      <p>“...B-But you should! You should refuse them! Didn’t you say that you didn’t want them with you? You still think that way, don’t you?! So why have you changed your mind so suddenly? Refuse them more firmly! Stop stealing my family away from me!” Takahisa yelled in shock. Because Rio had openly indicated his intention to welcome Miharu and Masato, the negative feelings he had suppressed until now exploded.</p>

      <p>“Takahisa...” Aki’s face fell as she watched the sudden change in her brother.</p>

      <p>“I cannot,” Rio stated bluntly.</p>

      <p>“...Why not?” Takahisa asked resentfully.</p>

      <p>“Would my refusal change their minds? And if it did, would the two of them be happy to accept that? In the end, that wouldn’t be respecting their opinions. That’s why,” Rio answered smoothly. Masato smiled, looking somewhat happy about that.</p>

      <p>“...Coward,” said Takahisa. “You’re a coward. Even though you say you don’t want Miharu with you, you don’t want to refuse her either—that’s cowardice! How does doing something like that equal respect?”</p>

      <p>“You have a point. I thought the same. However, if it doesn’t count as respect whether I refuse them or not, then I at least want to show my acceptance. It’d be better than completely running away by refusing to accept them—that’s what Satsuki told me. So I decided I’d face them properly.” Rio explained his thoughts in a calm voice.</p>

      <p>“But that’s—!” <em>That’s just convenient for you</em>, was what Takahisa was about to respond with.</p>

      <p>“...Then are you running away from me, Haruto? If you let me go to Centostella Kingdom like this, wouldn’t that be the same as avoiding the problem with me?” Aki added to the conversation in an aggressive tone.</p>

      <p>“I have no intention of doing that. That’s why I came here alone. I wanted to face you without Miharu and Satsuki present. If you allow it, I’d like to talk to you properly, one-on-one.” Rio didn’t falter as he answered Aki.</p>

      <p>“...” Aki was rendered speechless for a moment.</p>

      <p>“Aki!” Takahisa reflexively called the name of his stepsister, looking at her pleadingly. Was this man about to steal Aki from him as well? He couldn’t allow that.</p>

      <p>“...Because Miharu and I knew Amakawa Haruto, we unconsciously see you as Amakawa Haruto instead and overlap their existences. That’s what you said, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I did say that.”</p>

      <p>“Do you dislike being overlapped with him?”</p>

      <p>“That’s... not quite right. What I don’t want is to be overlapped with a different person and compared to him.” And consequently, disappointing their expectations. Making them regret staying with him. That’s why he wanted to reveal himself and keep his distance before such a thing could happen. Even now, he still had the desire to stay away from them.</p>

      <p>“I can only see that ‘different person’ reasoning as nothing more than a convenient excuse to run away.” Aki glared at Rio with a look of contempt.</p>

      <p>“It’s true that we’re different people. I do things that Amakawa Haruto would never do. Deeds that Amakawa Haruto would feel greatly opposed to committing, I would do without batting an eye.”</p>

      <p>“...What, for example?” Aki asked doubtfully.</p>

      <p>“Killing people.” Rio indifferently stated what a Japanese person would feel the most disgust towards committing.</p>

      <p>“...” Aki was at a loss for words. Takahisa had also fallen speechless, out of shock. Only Masato was less surprised than the two of them, though his eyes did widen faintly.</p>

      <p>“When it comes to a battle, I will kill. If I can only protect myself by killing, if a battle can only be ended through killing, then I have no choice but to do so. I’ve come to accept that. Even at this very moment, there’s someone out there that I must kill.” Knowing the morals of Japanese people was precisely why Rio considered himself incompatible with Miharu and the others. In general, he thought of Japanese morals as precious things to keep, and while he was greatly influenced by the values of Amakawa Haruto during times of peace, he considered those values to be a lie deep down inside, where he was cruel and repulsive.</p>

      <p>“Have you ever killed someone before?” Takahisa asked with a look of complete contempt.</p>

      <p>“I have,” Rio said without any shame. He felt it was better to answer directly.</p>

      <p>“So you’re a murderer...” Takahisa muttered with spite.</p>

      <p>“Indeed I am.”</p>

      <p>“...Killing just because it’s necessary doesn’t make it right. It’s unacceptable on a human level. I can’t leave Miharu or Masato in the care of a person like you,” Takahisa said with a cold calmness, having found an excuse to justify himself.</p>

      <p>“Hey, bro!” Masato tried to intervene.</p>

      <p>“Shut up! As if I could leave my precious brother in the hands of a murderer!” Takahisa yelled over him.</p>

      <p>“...You’re going too far,” Masato muttered, his shoulders trembling with rage.</p>

      <p>“Miharu won’t be happy being with you. It’d be better for her sake to be with me, the hero. I would be able to protect Miharu,” Takahisa claimed, as though convincing himself he was the better one between them.</p>

      <p>“Huh? As if you’d be able to beat Haruto, bro,” Masato sneered.</p>

      <p>“H-Haruto, you also felt the same way when you told Miharu she was better off away from you, no?”</p>

      <p>“...Indeed.” Rio nodded once.</p>

      <p>“Then... You’re a coward! If you know that much, you’re a coward for refusing to reject Miharu! Miharu only wants to follow you because she doesn’t know you’re a murderer. Probably because she sees you as a different person, like you said. She’d definitely feel disgusted if she knew,” Takahisa said fiercely.</p>

      <p>“...She is aware.”</p>

      <p>“What?” Rio’s quiet statement made Takahisa lose all his fervor.</p>

      <p>“Miharu knows I have killed people. I’ve told both Miharu and Satsuki everything.”</p>

      <p>“Wha...” And she wanted to be with him despite that?! Miharu would choose someone so selfish? Not to mention Satsuki, who was an upperclassman he had always respected...</p>

      <p>“Is she a fool? Miharu...” Aki muttered bitterly in disbelief. However, this meant there were no more means of stopping Miharu as they had wanted to.</p>

      <p>“Do you really, truly intend on accepting Miharu like this? Even though you know Miharu may come to regret everything. No, she’ll definitely regret everything!” Takahisa seemed to have the same thought as Aki, as he objected in a panicked state.</p>

      <p>“If she wants to come along in spite of that, then I will no longer refuse her. Although, I don’t know if I’ll be able to respond to her as Amakawa Haruto...” While Rio looked a little guilty at that, he stated his opinion clearly.</p>

      <p>“...I won’t stand for this,” Takahisa murmured, then raised his voice. “I absolutely won’t stand for this. As if I could leave Miharu in your hands!” His heart was already backed into a corner, making him act on pure desperation, but he couldn’t afford to back down here.</p>

      <p>“...Then, what would you like to do?” Rio knew things would come to this. He had come here prepared for it.</p>

      <p>“Duel with me. If I win, you must reject Miharu’s wishes. I’m going to win and prove your dishonesty. Watch me!” Of all things, Takahisa challenged Rio to a fight. No matter what the pretense for it, it was a request to fight him.</p>

      <p>“...Your actions seem to be an attempt to bend Miharu’s will to suit your own desires, in my eyes,” Rio pointed out.</p>

      <p>“A-Are you trying to justify yourself?!” Takahisa yelled back, guilt laden in his voice.</p>

      <p>“No, nothing of the sort. If you wish to have a duel in order to treat Miharu like some kind of object, then I definitely will not lose. At the very least, I won’t attempt to bend Miharu to my own will. That’s all.” Rio gave his stance indifferently.</p>

      <p>“...Sorry, but I’ll be supporting Haruto,” Masato suddenly said.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Takahisa glared at Masato with a frown.</p>

      <p>“I’m willing to bet on it, too. If Haruto loses to you, I’ll do whatever you tell me to do. How about it?” Masato glared back in a challenge.</p>

      <p>“S-Stop it, you two...” Aki watched the relationship between her two brothers break down helplessly.</p>

      <p>Masato frowned as he looked at Aki, before he stood up brusquely. “...Let’s go, Haruto. It’s already late, so you should just settle the match first thing tomorrow. Sorry, but could you let me stay in your room? I can’t deal with sleeping here anymore.” He wanted to leave the room now.</p>

      <p>“...” Takahisa seemed to accept Masato’s challenge, as he didn’t bother to stop him. He furrowed his brows as he sat silently. There was nothing more to say here.</p>

      <p>“...All right. Let’s go.” Rio sighed and stood up. He proceeded to guide Masato out of the room with a hand on his back.</p>

      <p>“...” Aki looked like she wanted to say something to Rio’s departing figure, but her mouth didn’t move. Thus, Rio and Masato left the bedroom and came face-to-face with Lilianna in the living room, seated on the sofa with a frustrated expression.</p>

      <p>“Please accept my deepest apologies for causing a stir so late at night.” Rio bowed deeply to Lilianna. Even if she hadn’t heard every word of the conversation, she must have been able to overhear the yelling from the bedroom.</p>

      <p>“Not at all...” Lilianna shook her head slowly.</p>

      <p>“Also, I know this is extremely selfish of me, but Sir Takahisa and I have decided to have a match tomorrow morning, just like with Lady Satsuki. Of course, I will forfeit if Princess Lilianna has any objections, but may I have your approval?” Rio requested politely, hanging his head.</p>

      <p>“As long as it is Sir Takahisa’s will, I will not stop anyone. If possible, I would also like to entrust Masato to Sir Amakawa’s care tonight, though it may be inconvenient for you. In regards to the match, I shall arrange everything with His Majesty for approval.” Lilianna dropped her gaze slightly, her beautiful face clouding over fleetingly.</p>

      <p>“...I am most grateful for that. Then, if you would excuse me.” Rio placed his right hand over his chest and bowed his head once more, before returning to Satsuki’s quarters with Masato.</p>

      <p>The next morning, in the arena that was adjacent to the castle and away from the parade grounds, Rio faced Takahisa. It wasn’t only the venue that differed from his match with Satsuki yesterday—to prevent this match from becoming a spectacle, the audience seats were filled with only a select few people who were involved.</p>

      <p>Among them were, of course, Miharu, Satsuki, Masato, and Aki, as well as Lilianna and Charlotte.</p>

      <p>However, Aki wasn’t seated together with Miharu, Satsuki, and Masato; instead, she was seated beside Lilianna a short distance away. Her eyes were fixed on Takahisa.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Miharu and Satsuki had been brought to the arena after being informed that the discussion resulted in a duel.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Masato. How did things end up like this?” Miharu asked him—Masato was seated beside her.</p>

      <p>“’Cause my brother’s an idiot. Well, just think of it like a fight between men. You can ask Haruto yourself after the match is over.” Last night, Masato had returned to their rooms with Rio and immediately gone to sleep in a huff. He acted like this every time Miharu asked him for the details. She knew that Rio went to have a discussion with the Sendo family and could tell that some kind of argument had resulted from it, but Rio awkwardly avoided giving her any details, leaving Miharu at a loss.</p>

      <p>“Haruto’s probably trying to communicate with us in his own way, don’t you think? There are things we won’t know without clashing, and I’m sure he’ll do the same to you one day, Miharu. So let’s just believe in him and just watch over the match for now.” Satsuki didn’t know about the details of Rio and Takahisa’s argument either, but her mouth was curved into a gentle smile. She had kept what she had discussed with Rio after their match yesterday a secret, but Miharu had a feeling that their conversation played a part in this.</p>

      <p>“...Okay.” Miharu nodded with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Well, at least there’s no need to worry about the result of the match. I can’t imagine Haruto would ever lose, after all. If you still think you can win after watching Satsuki’s battle yesterday, then you’re too naive, bro!” Masato said, huffing through his nose.</p>

      <p>“Seems like they’re about to begin.” Satsuki seemed to agree with Masato’s statement as her lips quirked in a smile, before she turned her attention to the field. The referee had just started to explain the rules for the match.</p>

      <p>“The only permitted weapons are training swords. Victory will be decided purely on sword technique. The hero, Sir Takahisa, is permitted to use divine arms to enhance his body, and Sir Amakawa is permitted to do the same with his enchanted sword. The match will be decided by either stopping on the verge of a decisive blow or landing a telling blow on an area other than the face. Please restrain your attacks to a nonlethal degree. Being disarmed alone will not count as defeat. Are these rules agreeable?” A young knight named Kyle was acting as the referee. He looked at Rio and Takahisa in confirmation of the rules.</p>

      <p>“Yes!” Takahisa nodded eagerly while Rio inclined his head in a relaxed manner.</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>“Both sides, distance yourselves and ready your weapons,” the referee said, raising his hand in the air. Then, once the two of them had enough distance between them, he confirmed that they were holding their weapons at the ready.</p>

      <p>“Begin!” he yelled, swinging his hand down to signal the start of the match.</p>

      <p>“Hah!” Takahisa yelled angrily as he approached Rio. The physical enhancement of a divine arm was powerful and his speed easily surpassed human limits. Though not by much, his movements did show signs he had been training with a sword. However, from Rio’s point of view, he was full of openings.</p>

      <p><em>I could end the match in an instant, but...</em> In order to whittle down the stubborn Takahisa’s hostility a little, defeating him easily wouldn’t be enough. He had to make him surrender after pushing Takahisa to give him everything he had. With that decided, Rio took on his opponent’s ferocious attack head-on.</p>

      <p>“Raaaagh!” Takahisa launched a countless number of sword attacks at Rio. Rio moved after every one, swinging his sword to divert the course of every attack made his way. Roughly ten seconds passed in this way.</p>

      <p>“Kuh...” Takahisa felt like his attacks were having no effect at all—he didn’t even feel like he was swinging his sword at Rio anymore. He made eye contact with Rio’s all-seeing gaze and involuntarily retreated to put distance between them. However, Rio remained still. He stood there, waiting for Takahisa to make the next move; in part to restrain himself and not inadvertently defeat him.</p>

      <p>“Do you plan on standing there the whole time?!” <em>What arrogance!</em> Takahisa made full use of his vastly-improved physical abilities to throw Rio off balance. Even then, Rio did not move to attack him. Takahisa ran in circles around Rio before launching an attack from behind, seeing that Rio was the most open there. “Gwah?!” It was as though Rio had eyes on the back of his head. Without even sparing a glance, he turned around and swung his sword, immediately knocking away the sword Takahisa was swinging. The recoil made Takahisa stumble backwards. When he made eye contact with Rio’s cold gaze, he grimaced in humiliation.</p>

      <p><em>What was that look in his eyes?! Is he looking down on me when he’s a murderer himself?! All while preaching about how he’s trying to respect Miharu’s opinion, this hypocrite! I won’t... I won’t let a murderer look down on me! How could I leave Miharu by the side of a murderer?! Not my... my Miharu...!</em> He didn’t want Miharu stolen away from him. With that single thought in mind, Takahisa was overcome with an almost overwhelming sense of paranoia as he moved.</p>

      <p>He wanted to win. To fight—and win. Against this man... This hypocrite! He had to win to prove to Miharu that he was stronger than Rio. However, that was an impossible feat, to a degree that he was unaware of. To him, as long as he won, as long as he emerged victorious, Miharu would understand. Takahisa believed that beyond a doubt. No, that belief was the only thing that kept him going. However—</p>

      <p>“Dammit, at this rate...!”</p>

      <p>He couldn’t win. Takahisa had the faint hunch that was the case.</p>

      <p>But he didn’t want to lose. He couldn’t lose. That was how much resolution he had coming into this battle, putting his pride and his life on the line.</p>

      <p>“Haaaah!” Takahisa heightened the ability of his divine arms enhancement and charged directly at Rio. He moved at the speed of a flying arrow, shooting straight for Rio.</p>

      <p>However, Takahisa’s passion had caused him to make a mistake. Both he and Rio had increased the strength of their physical bodies so that a hit from a training sword would hurt, but wouldn’t be life-threatening. But Takahisa’s current speed was creating enough kinetic energy to ignore the increased body strength, packing enough of a punch to deal a fatal wound.</p>

      <p><em>With this speed, I can do it!</em> Takahisa was certain of his victory and rejoiced. Without any hesitation at all, he poured every ounce of strength he had into the sword clutched between both his hands and swung it at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!” His swinging sword cut through the air, leaving Takahisa speechless. There had been no resistance at all. There wasn’t even a trace of Rio left before him. Why?! Takahisa felt a sense of doubt that was closing in on anger, when—</p>

      <p>“Guh!” Takahisa felt a light impact on his back, and in the next moment, he toppled off-balance. He had been thrust away by Rio, but the attack had clearly been held back. It wasn’t enough to be considered a telling hit. The referee hadn’t spoken up, either.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Takahisa frantically scrambled to turn around with his sword at the ready, yelling in the direction of the contact. However, Rio was nowhere to be seen.</p>

      <p>“Your field of view is too narrow,” Rio’s calm voice echoed through Takahisa’s back.</p>

      <p>“Wah!” Takahisa swung his sword in a panic.</p>

      <p>“In a battle where you’ve already become hot-headed, hastening your speed past the point of control will only make you lose sight of your target. That’s why your field of view is narrowing. The same can be said of you and Miharu...” Rio leaped backwards in a relaxed manner, avoiding Takahisa’s attack as he spoke.</p>

      <p>“...Is that sarcasm? You have no right to be saying that!” Takahisa spat hatefully.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps,” Rio agreed easily. To Takahisa, it felt like Rio was infuriatingly showing off the difference in their capabilities through his relaxed attitude. He charged at Rio vigorously.</p>

      <p>“You’re not worthy of Miharu!”</p>

      <p>“I know.”</p>

      <p>“You murderous hypocrite!”</p>

      <p>“I know that too.”</p>

      <p>“I absolutely won’t allow it!”</p>

      <p>“Do I need your permission?” That was true arrogance.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I’m going to win this match!” Takahisa declared, swinging his sword at Rio. The drawn sword drew a sharp arc downwards towards his opponent.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” Of all the things to do, Rio released his sword. He stabbed the tip into the ground, letting it stand vertically. However, there was no stopping Takahisa’s blade any longer.</p>

      <p>It was at this point that Takahisa finally feared that he might end up killing Rio. Suddenly, Rio stepped forward of his own accord.</p>

      <p>But it wasn’t as though Rio intended on dying, either. Aiming for the moment when Takahisa’s fervor weakened slightly, he caught the blade of the sword between his hands.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>