<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: Rebirth of Childhood Friends</h1>

      <p>Rio had his left arm wrapped around Miharu as he used his right hand to skillfully control his sword, making a gentle return to the Galarc royal castle.</p>

      <p>“...I wonder what will happen after this,” Rio asked Miharu with a half-resigned expression as they approached the castle. How could they explain the circumstances to the people of the Galarc and Centostella kingdoms?</p>

      <p>“Yeah... I wonder what’ll happen.” It felt like the situation would grow completely out of hand. Miharu imagined it with a stiff smile.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps it was excessive of me to punch Takahisa.” Despite his words, Rio had a slight smile on his face.</p>

      <p>“I think that was fine. Violence is necessary sometimes...” Violence didn’t seem to be her strong point, as Miharu was nodding as though to convince herself.</p>

      <p>“I’ll make sure you’ll never be in a situation where you need to act violent, so don’t worry,” Rio immediately interjected.</p>

      <p>“But I think I’d like to defend myself, at least. I want to learn properly. From Haru-kun... Ah, umm. From Haruto.” Miharu requested timidly, watching for Rio’s reaction.</p>

      <p>“...I don’t mind,” Rio suddenly said.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Miharu gasped.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind if you call me Haru-kun sometimes. I’m sure there’ll be times where you want to reminisce about the past.” Rio’s voice was a little bashful as he spoke.</p>

      <p>“Is that because you see me as your childhood friend?” And did that mean he would face Miharu as Amakawa Haruto? Miharu lifted her face right up to Rio’s.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha.” Rio laughed, trying to brush off Miharu’s question. Come to think of it, the Miharu that Amakawa Haruto knew always brought her face close like this when she asked questions, even without her knowing of it.</p>

      <p>“I think the way that you try to laugh off questions is a bad habit of yours, Haru-kun,” Miharu pouted a little.</p>

      <p>Rio looked up at the sky before returning Miharu’s close-distance gaze. “I can at least promise to do my best to meet your demands, seeing as you say you want to be together in the future as well. Will that do for you?”</p>

      <p>“...Y-Yes. We can start there...” When Miharu made eye contact with him up close, she ducked her head out of embarrassment. Such actions were exactly reminiscent of the girl that Amakawa Haruto knew.</p>

      <p><em>Your feelings reached Haruto properly. It was worth transmitting your conversation with Takahisa,</em> Aishia’s voice echoed.</p>

      <p>“My... conversation with Takahisa...?” Miharu cocked her head in suspicion for a moment. “Y-You were listening?! You heard my conversation with Takahisa?!” She remembered what she had said to Takahisa and turned bright red.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha.” Rio once again laughed to gloss over the situation. Miharu once again unconsciously drew her face near Rio’s.</p>

      <p>“Answer me!”</p>

      <p>“Speaking of which, weren’t you discussing things with Aishia before I ever named myself with the Amakawa family name?” Rio suddenly remembered.</p>

      <p>“Huh?! T-That’s not... true...” Miharu’s eyes were clearly wavering.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’ll ask Aishia for details later. We’ll consider it even with that.”</p>

      <p>“It’s totally not even at all!” <em>I basically confessed to him! No, but I didn’t say it in front of him, so maybe it doesn’t count?</em> Miharu tried to persuade herself as her face flushed red.</p>

      <p>“Then forgive me, Mii-chan.” Rio gave a shy smile before uttering Miharu’s nickname teasingly.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>