<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:aaf839e3-d5fb-4743-a580-acfe1a43e3bb" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter022">
<p class="noindentt"><a id="page-155"></a>First, I wanted to show them we’d stick to Council rules. If we couldn’t avoid breaking them, we’d deal with matters then. It wasn’t like this would turn into war or threaten anyone’s lives. I didn’t think it was too urgent.</p>
<p>“Yes, well, they’re all enjoying the festival as well, so they are willing to wait until the day after it closes. My own friends have been talking with them, but that’s as far as they were willing to compromise with us…”</p>
<p>The day after it closes—so three days away. We had two days to work with, essentially.</p>
<p>“And said friends are also helping me raise money at the moment. They’re able to exchange ancient coins for Dwarven ones, at something of a loss to us, but as for whether they can come up with cash funds quickly enough, that’s an open question…”</p>
<p>Sounds tough. I bet it was. Just taking it over here by wagon would be difficult enough. One of my staff could use Spatial Motion to hurry up the process, but scrambling around the world in search of gold pieces that may not even exist seemed ineffective to me. Besides, for all I knew (though I doubted it), maybe our foe was trying to lure my main advisers out of town. Again, rash moves were ill-advised.</p>
<p>Wait! Weren’t there gold bars among the goods we’d imported from the Beast Kingdom? Could we use those to manufacture fake coins? My Analyze and Assess–driven copies would be exactly like the real things, right? Nobody could ever tell them apart, even with the Dwarven Kingdom’s technology!</p>
<div class="blockquote">
<p><em>Understood. This is not possible. Dwarven coins are inscribed with a magical serial number that would make counterfeits easily identified.</em></p>
</div>
<p class="space-break">…Oh.</p>
<p>I took a gold coin from my Stomach and looked at it for a moment. Raphael was right—there <em>was</em> a number inscribed on it. I could make an exact copy well enough, but two coins with the same <a id="page-156"></a>number would be enough proof that at least one was a fake. Besides, um, wasn’t counterfeiting punishable by death in most countries way back when? No wonder this world used magic and technology to regulate their coinage. I suppose they’d have to, to sustain a de facto universal currency like this.</p>
<p>“So we can’t make our own coinage, and we likely can’t buy enough in time…”</p>
<p>Everyone nodded at me.</p>
<p>“Well, even if it means taking a loss, can we pay them with pure gold, via the bars we have?”</p>
<p>Wouldn’t the merchants be glad for <em>that</em>, at least?</p>
<p>“I imagine the more intelligent merchants would take that offer, but I <em>have</em> to say no to that!”</p>
<p>Mjöllmile was having nothing of it. I asked him why. It seemed like a good idea to me, at least.</p>
<p>“It’s because then they’ll see what kind of footing we’re on. Every time we negotiate with a nation afterward, they’ll look back at how we dealt with this matter, and they’ll see that if we’re presented with an impossible quandary, we’ll try to force a solution even if it means taking losses. And once we gain <em>that</em> reputation, people will deliberately give us unfair offers. They won’t see us as an equal trading partner. You can be sure they’ll serenade us with their flowery words all day, but…”</p>
<p>Mjöllmile smiled a bit. But he was right. Show weakness to a merchant, and they’d fleece you dry. <em>He</em> sure would, I knew.</p>
<p>“Regardless, I’ll try my best to assemble the coinage we need in the scant two days ahead. Fortunately, our visitors have been very generous to us so far. We might just be able to go on the offensive at the end of this!”</p>
<p>“Thank you.”</p>
<p>For now, at least, there was no clear solution. Our only real choice was to remain defiant. We couldn’t do anything <em>too</em> bold, and if it came to it, we’d just have to force our rules on them. Nothing told us we had to respect every single law people put upon us. This is Tempest, and we’ve got our own way of doing things. I mean, sure, if we could respect everybody’s regulations, that was the best <a id="page-157"></a>thing—but either way, we couldn’t let those tradesmen go home empty-handed. We’d force the issue, but we’d do it fairly. Even if they didn’t like ancient coinage, or IOUs, or payment in barter, I didn’t think they had any right to complain.</p>
<p>“Well, no point worrying too much about this. This is <em>our</em> nation, and if worse comes to worst, we’ll make them follow our rules. So don’t overthink it and just do what you can!”</p>
<p>“You got it.”</p>
<p>Mjöllmile brightened a bit, apparently relieved. I don’t know what the Council will say to us, but let’s be optimistic—by then, we’ll know who this enemy is, at least. Or maybe not an enemy, really, so much as someone feeling us out. It was too early to call them an “<em>enemy</em>.”</p>
<p>“Right. Meeting adjourned! Good job, everyone!”</p>
<p>And with that, this evening’s progress report was a wrap.</p>
<p>Procrastinating on our problems created some annoying issues for me, I felt, but it wouldn’t do to fret about them too much. It looked like Mollie was really getting eaten up over it, so I figured I’d shoulder some of the load for him.</p>
<p>“Wanna head out for a little while, Mollie? And you guys, too.”</p>
<p>None of the men in the room was going to say no. A few of them, like Benimaru, were already in their <em>yukata</em> and ready to have some fun.</p>
<p>“Ah, but I need to start raising money—”</p>
<p>“Oh, quit worrying about that for now! If it’s not there, it’s not there. If you get so worked up that it knocks you out, that’d be an even bigger problem for us!”</p>
<p>Mjöllmile snickered. “Ah, I could never say no to you. Well, all right! I, Mjöllmile, am ready to take your offer!”</p>
<p>So I managed to drag Mjöllmile with me to the festival for a late-night run. That ought to help him mentally recharge—from the heart, too. “Don’t party too much, Sir Rimuru,” I could hear Shuna say as we set off. “And you, too, my brother…”</p>
<p class="space-break">Oh, and by the way, I saw a silver-haired girl have a verbal argument with the proprietor of a certain <em>takoyaki</em> stall that had come up <a id="page-158"></a>in conversation earlier. But let sleeping dogs lie. I’ve said that many times before, but if you stick to that rule, you really <em>do</em> avoid a lot of danger and trouble in your life.</p>
<p>Thus I gracefully let them carry on and had my fill of everything the night had to offer.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>