<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Sumeragi Satsuki</h1>

      <p>The next day, after their lunch at the mansion, Liselotte brought Rio and Miharu along to visit the royal castle of Galarc. Their goal was, of course, to meet Satsuki before the banquet.</p>

      <p>Under normal circumstances, the two of them would have never been allowed inside, but thanks to Liselotte filling out the necessary procedures required at the castle gate, both Rio and Miharu were permitted to enter without investigation.</p>

      <p>Once they entered the castle, Liselotte gave a note to one of the castle officials addressed to the king— it requested an urgent audience with King Francois of Galarc. Nobles had the privilege of seeking an audience with the king at any time as long as they had a good reason, and she had exercised that privilege. In some cases, they could be made to wait a month, but this time the official came back with the response that the king could meet them immediately.</p>

      <p>However, the information to be discussed must have been deemed to be highly confidential, as they were to use a royal reception room for an unofficial meeting rather than the audience hall for an official one.</p>

      <p>Rio, Miharu, and Liselotte were led to the reception room, and Francois soon appeared. Francois was in his late forties, the age where a king was at his pudgiest. His gaze and countenance were stern—typical for a king of great power.</p>

      <p>Sandwiching Francois on each side stood a man in his early twenties and a woman in her early teens. They both wore expensive-looking clothes which, combined with their accompanying Francois, implied that they were both royalty. Other attendants wearing maid uniforms made an entrance as well.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for coming today. I haven’t met Liselotte face-to-face since I received the report about the attack on Amande. I believed the next time we would meet would be at the banquet, but...” Francois looked at Miharu and Rio. They did not speak, only accepted Francois’ gaze silently while looking down.</p>

      <p>“Pardon me. It is a delight to be before Your Majesty. I sincerely apologize for requesting this sudden audience during a time when Your Majesty must be terribly busy with the preparations for the banquet tomorrow. And I am most grateful for your immediate response to my request,” Liselotte said, giving a reverent greeting on behalf of Rio and Miharu.</p>

      <p>“It’s not a problem. Even if you had given more advance warning, it wouldn’t have made this any easier to respond to. By bringing the actual person here, you’ve omitted the unnecessary steps in between. Above all, you are very busy yourself. At any rate, let’s all have a seat,” Francois said warmly, then sat down at the head seat. The young man and woman accompanying him sat down on chairs placed in the corner of the room.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me.” Liselotte bowed her head and sat down gracefully. Rio and Miharu also bowed once before taking their seats on either side of Liselotte. In contrast to Miharu, whose movements were awkward from nervousness, Rio straightened himself with a downcast look like a noble would.</p>

      <p>“...Is this person Miharu? The one who claims to be Satsuki’s friend?” Francois asked.</p>

      <p>“This is Sir Haruto. He placed Miharu under his protection when she wandered into this world and requested that I arrange a way for Lady Satsuki to meet her. Furthermore, he assisted in repelling monsters during the attack on Amande, and rescued Princess Flora when she was abducted,” Liselotte explained.</p>

      <p>Francois’ eyes widened in interest. “I see, so he’s the enchanted swordsman you mentioned from that incident. I’ve heard of your achievements. You have done your duty well, both with Miharu and the rest. You may raise your head.” In effect, Francois was giving Rio permission to speak to him.</p>

      <p>Despite the fact that this was an unofficial meeting, with the other party being the leader of an entire kingdom, stricter rules of etiquette had to be followed than with other nobles. This was why Rio had not lifted his gaze to look directly at Francois’ face. If Rio had joined in on Francois and Liselotte’s conversation, he would have been branded as impolite.</p>

      <p>However, once Rio was given permission to speak, he finally opened his mouth. “There is no higher honor than to receive words of praise from Your Majesty.” He raised his head slightly so that Francois could see his face, before lowering it once more.</p>

      <p>“It was noted in the report as well, but you really do seem young. To repel a large demi-dragon’s breath with an enchanted sword at that age is quite the feat. I’ve heard that your parents were migrants, but you seem capable of upholding noble etiquette too. What an interesting boy. I would like to hear more about you later.” Francois looked at Rio with great interest. The man and woman in the corner of the room also observed Rio with curiosity in their eyes.</p>

      <p>“It would be an honor.” Rio refrained from saying anything more and lowered his head respectfully. Just then, someone knocked on the door to the room before opening it immediately.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me.” A girl in her mid teens appeared. She wore what would have been a typical uniform for female knights in this world, only tailored to be more extravagant. However, her facial structure was that of a Japanese person.</p>

      <p>She had large eyes and a dignified gaze. Her figure was feminine and slender, and her long hair, which reached down her back, was tied. She was beautiful.</p>

      <p>The girl seemed to have run here, as she was slightly out of breath. However, she paid it no mind as she looked around the room anxiously, immediately focusing her gaze on Miharu.</p>

      <p><em>“...Miharu-chan!”</em> the girl — Sumeragi Satsuki — shouted after she’d caught her breath. She’d spoken in Japanese.</p>

      <p><em>“Satsuki-san!”</em> Miharu shot straight to her feet as her face lit up at the sight of her friend. Because Satsuki had spoken in Japanese, Miharu did, too.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>