<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The next morning...</p>

      <p>“Nguh...” Celia was the first to wake up. She blinked her eyes open to see Rio’s sleeping face right in front of her.</p>

      <p>“?!” Celia started with a shake. <em>Ah, that’s right, I said I’d sleep with Rio last night...</em> She immediately remembered the series of events that led to this situation and slowly relaxed. Rio was breathing peacefully in his sleep. On his other side, Aishia appeared to be sleeping, too.</p>

      <p>“Fufu...” Celia giggled with amusement and gently reached a hand toward Rio’s cheek. She was afraid he would wake up if she touched him, so she stopped a hair’s breadth away from making contact.</p>

      <p><em>Warm.</em></p>

      <p>Rio’s warmth could be felt, making her realize anew that this wasn’t a dream, much to her relief. Rio’s body seemed to twitch for a moment.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Rio,” Celia said. “If there’s anything I can do to pay you back, I’ll do anything. Just say the word,” she muttered quietly.</p>

      <p>After that, with a small sigh, Celia closed her eyes once more and gave in to her sleepiness. The idea of continuing to stare at Rio’s face was tempting, but right now, she felt like she could get some decent rest. Sure enough, Celia fell into a peaceful sleep minutes later, her breathing coming out in soft wisps.</p>

      <p><em>I guess she fell asleep, huh?</em> Rio opened his eyes hesitantly, checking Celia’s sleeping face and smiling gently.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>