<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter31">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Rio’s eyes widened. “...I think it really suits you. It has some vague resemblance to the clothes sorcerers prefer to wear, I think?” He was referring to the traditional fashion that sorcerers wore to proudly display their status.</p>

      <p>“Right? That’s exactly it. These are clothes made for sorcerers, so I thought it was cute. It’s also made from excellent fabric that can be used as travel gear, too, you know? Aishia chose this one as well,” Celia said, giggling happily.</p>

      <p>“Cecilia is a sorceress, after all. I think it really suits you.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really? Thank you. Then this is the first one I’ve decided on. Will you look at the second one with me, too?”</p>

      <p>“Sure.” Rio agreed.</p>

      <p>Thus, Celia’s fashion show at the changing room commenced. All the clothes Celia had selected were trim and cute, all drawing positive reactions from Rio — exactly as Aishia had declared they would — making the comment “I think it’s wonderful” fall repeatedly from Rio’s mouth.</p>

      <p>“What about this?” Celia asked several outfits later. “That looks good. I think it’s wonderful,” Rio said pleasantly.</p>

      <p>“...Geez, I’m happy to hear your compliment, but you’re always saying the same thing.” Celia glared at him and pouted her lips.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, sorry. I don’t really understand clothes, but I think you have a great fashion sense. I think you’ll look cute in anything you wear, Cecilia,” Rio said without any shame at all, scratching at his head awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Caught off guard, Celia couldn’t help but turn red.</p>

      <p>“...Cecilia, are you embarrassed?” Aishia asked, watching Celia’s expression.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m not embarrassed!” Celia said in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“N-Now now, can you show me your next selection, Cecilia?” Rio soothed Celia to avoid causing trouble for the store and urged her to continue the fashion show with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay.” Celia nodded with a blush on her cheeks, quickly dragging the curtains of the changing room shut.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Some time later, Rio and the girls wrapped up their shopping and visited a high-class restaurant of the Ricca Guild to have lunch. The time was a little after the peak time for lunch, so they were led to a table without waiting too long.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I made you buy more than I planned...” Celia hesitantly bowed her head from where she sat opposite to Rio. Their shopping spree had ended when Celia had been pondering between her many remaining options, whereupon Rio had simply decided to buy the rest for her.</p>

      <p>“No, don’t worry about it. There weren’t that many in the end, and they were all daily necessities that you needed, no?” Rio shook his head easily.</p>

      <p>“But... It was fairly expensive.” Since she had looked at each individual price tag, she had a general idea of how much the total was. Even if Celia was still working at the academy, she would have hesitated before a total like that.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. I’ve earned more money than I can spend from selling monster materials and enchanted gems.” In reality, whenever Rio had the time, he would train and obtain food by hunting beasts and monsters, so his pockets were surprisingly deeper than your average noble.</p>

      <p>“...You really aren’t pushing yourself?” Celia stared at Rio’s face as she asked.</p>

      <p>“Of course not.” Rio nodded casually.</p>

      <p>“...All right. Then, thank you.” Celia sighed quietly. She decided in her head that she would repay him for this debt properly, but didn’t say it out loud since he would probably refuse her.</p>

      <p>“Now, setting that aside, how about we order the lunch course?” Rio asked, immediately changing the subject.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’ll leave it to you, Ri... I mean, Haruto.” Celia nodded and almost said Rio, before correcting herself to Haruto. She was still in danger of calling him by his real name when she let her guard down.</p>

      <p>“You okay with that, too, Aishia?” Rio asked with a faint smile.</p>

      <p>“Yup. I’ll leave it to you.” Aishia nodded.</p>

      <p>After that, they gave their order to the waiter and had an hors d’oeuvre carried over to them shortly afterwards, signaling the beginning of their enjoyable lunchtime. As the three of them chatted peacefully, the waiters brought over salad, soup, bread, pasta, and meat dishes in that order, making the time pass with lots of fun.</p>

      <p>“What did you think of this restaurant?” Rio asked after dessert. He had asked for Celia’s thoughts during the rest of the meal, too, but he asked her again. “Yeah, it was good. Every dish was delicious, and the pasta really had that local specialty taste to it. I’d probably visit often if we had a restaurant like this in Beltrum’s capital, but...” Celia gave her satisfied opinion, but showed a look of contemplation towards the end.</p>

      <p>“But?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“The food you cooked for us yesterday tasted better, I think,” Celia said with a shy grin.</p>

      <p>Rio’s eyes widened, as he was taken by surprise. “...Thank you very much,” he thanked her embarrassedly.</p>

      <p>Celia watched Rio’s reaction and smiled happily, this time changing the topic to one from the past. “Come to think of it, during your school days you would make light snacks and bring them to the research lab. You’re pretty good at cooking, right Haruto?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t know if I’m good or not, but it’s thanks to my memories of my past life. I was living alone and cooking for myself for a long time, so I remembered tons of recipes,” Rio said humbly.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I see... The food for Beltrum nobility is all so unimaginative; every flavor is seasoned so strongly, so it gets boring easily. But... your cooking had a delicate flavor to it. There were some foods I’ve never eaten before yesterday — did they include some of your recipes...?” Celia asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes, there are recipes that don’t exist in this world that I tried to make with the ingredients of this world. There’s a food that’s similar to pasta... Would you like me to try and make that?” Rio concealed the fact that pasta was an Earth-made product and offered to cook for Celia.</p>

      <p>“Really?! Pasta was a boom in Beltrum for a while, but everyone got bored of it. It’s been a while since I last ate it.” Celia beamed happily; it seemed like the pasta they ate at this restaurant just now had raised her expectations.</p>

      <p>“Then, I’ll make it tonight.”</p>

      <p>Celia nodded with joy. “Okay, I look forward to it! Oh, is it okay if I watch you make it?”</p>

      <p>“Hm? Sure, I don’t mind... but it isn’t very interesting to watch, you know.”</p>

      <p>“No, I want to learn how to cook, too. I would feel bad making you cook everything for me, and I’d like to let you eat some of my cooking as a form of thanks, too...” Celia said embarrassedly. She had been considering what she was capable of doing for Rio’s sake.</p>

      <p>For the record, it was a very rare event for a high-class noble daughter to cook.</p>

      <p>“...If that’s the case, then I’d be happy to. I’d like to try your cooking, too.”</p>

      <p>Rio imagined Celia in an apron and couldn’t help but turn his mouth up in a smile. It actually suited her quite well.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. I’ll have to end up relying on you to learn how to make it, but please teach me,” Celia requested, peering up at Rio’s face nervously.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>