<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue</h1>

      <p>Meanwhile, from within the forest, there was someone else observing the new heroic tale unfold.</p>

      <p>Reiss.</p>

      <p>“That’s some incredible strength. Well, if he’s contracted to a humanoid spirit, I suppose this much is to be expected...” Reiss felt dejected at the way things had turned out against his wishes.</p>

      <p><em>He overturned my entire plan singlehandedly. Now the question is, is he Liselotte Cretia’s trump card, or Duke Huguenot’s... Either way, it is highly possible that he was the one who disrupted the wedding ceremony. What a terrifying hidden soldier. This is why humans are not to be underestimated.</em></p>

      <p>He sighed at the unexpected circumstance, feeling disgruntled.</p>

      <p><em>I cannot afford to adjust my plan, but I am most definitely lacking combat power now. I’ve lost half the monsters I originally prepared to attack Amande.</em> Accepting the situation, he considered what his options were for the future.</p>

      <p><em>It looks like some immediate backup power will be necessary. That being said, while a minotaur or revenant can take care of that attendant girl, they’d be no match against him. I cannot afford to lose the Evil Black Wyvern, too, and it’s difficult giving the monsters more complex directions. Which leaves Lucius...</em> Reiss pondered and pondered, then selected a reinforcement that seemed most fitting.</p>

      <p>“While there are slight issues with his personality, he can come deal with this.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>