<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude31">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>...Does Aki remember Onii-chan too? But this...</em> Latifa could make somewhat of a guess at how Aki felt from her expression, but she couldn’t discern the reason behind the emotion that Aki was displaying.</p>

      <p>“Aki?” Vera also noticed how Aki’s expression had stiffened and peered at her face curiously.</p>

      <p>Aki quickly put on a bright expression. “Hm? What’s wrong, Vera?”</p>

      <p>“...No, it’s nothing,” Vera said, shaking it off as her imagination. Then she turned to Sara and the others. “Please, continue with what you were saying,” she urged.</p>

      <p>“Continue... Well, what happened next was Latifa waking up and running into the jail cell, causing a huge commotion, if I recall,” Sara said wistfully.</p>

      <p>“Huh, Latifa did that?!”</p>

      <p>Starting with Vera, everyone who wasn’t present back then — including Aki and Miharu — turned their interest towards Latifa.</p>

      <p>“F-Forget that already!” Being the center of attention, Latifa tried to cut off the conversation in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“No, I want to hear it! Right, Aki?” Vera said. Aki laughed and nodded in amusement.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I do too.”</p>

      <p>Miharu and the older girls giggled as they agreed.</p>

      <p>“Let’s see. The moment Latifa opened her eyes, she started running around in search of Rio without even listening to us. Uzuma and I had to chase after her in a panic,” Sara said.</p>

      <p>“Geez! You shouldn’t tell them about that, Sara!” Latifa blushed red and tried to stop Sara from continuing.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>