<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86 [Eighty-Six]</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:cc563b23-4abb-4e26-8709-2e582ab82951" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter032">
<p>His bloodred eyes were fixed on the Löwe, which sat crouched and crumpled, seemingly incapable of moving. Approaching it made it clear just how broken it was. Its turret was tilted sideways and still, and its menacing 120 mm barrel was torn straight across. Its machine guns were missing, apparently having been completely blown off.</p>
<p>And finally, the Legion’s lifeblood—the silvery Liquid Micromachines that served as their central processor—flowed out of it, unable to retain their form as they leaked from a large hole…which had likely been inflicted by a 120 mm caliber shell.</p>
<p>Having slain the Legion as many times as he had, Raiden could tell this was fatal damage for a Löwe. As could their comrades, who watched over their exchange a short distance away, and Shin, who’d fought and survived battles with the Legion longer than any other. He stood defenseless with his assault rifle still hanging on his shoulder, in front of a gigantic Legion monster that could normally tear a human in half with a single swing of its metallic legs.</p>
<p>He looked at this crumbling combat drone with a gaze that almost felt somber.</p>
<p>“I could hear it getting closer since yesterday. It couldn’t be a scout on a patrol, and it looked like it was going in a different direction. So I thought I’d just ignore it… But this morning, I got the feeling it was calling.”</p>
<p>“…Calling?”</p>
<p>“It said it wanted someone, anyone, to be by its side.”</p>
<p>And the reason it wanted someone to be there was clear to anyone who saw the sorry state of this Löwe.</p>
<p><em>I don’t want to die alone.</em></p>
<p>“That’s not what it said on the brink of death, so I just got the feeling that’s what it meant. All I can hear is a repeat of their final words.”</p>
<p>“And what’s it saying?”</p>
<p class="space-break1">“I want to go back.”</p>
<p class="space-break2">It was a silent, gentle voice, but some part of it seemed like a reflection of Shin’s own desire, and upon hearing it, Raiden felt his own heart tremble. It was like an expression of a desire nestled deep within him, too.</p>
<p>I want to go back.</p>
<p>Yes, perhaps so. Maybe some part of him had been wishing for this all along.</p>
<p>I want to go back. To go back.</p>
<p>But go back where? They didn’t have anywhere to return to. They didn’t remember such a place. There was nowhere to return to.</p>
<p>“It wants to go home one more time… It’s an Eighty-Six. And unlike us, he’s the kind who can still remember his home and family.”</p>
<p>This Eighty-Six was probably older than them, or maybe they simply didn’t survive long enough as a Processor to have their memories burned away by the fires of war. Either way, this Löwe wanted to return to that place so badly that even after its death, it was trying to drag its broken, shattered body in an attempt to go back.</p>
<p>But in the end, it couldn’t get there. There was nowhere to return to, and so in the end…he was no different than Raiden and the rest. An Eighty-Six cast out to the battlefield, where he was forced to live and fated to die. An Eighty-Six who didn’t belong anywhere except the battlefield. And so…</p>
<p><em>You slipped out of camp and came all the way here for a mechanical ghost of someone you don’t even know?</em></p>
<p>Raiden scratched his head, half-exasperated. If so, there wasn’t much else Raiden could say. Not to this Headless Reaper who took on the duty of collecting the comrades who died along the way, remembering them and carrying them with him to his final destination…</p>
<p>“That doesn’t make up for the fact that you up and left without saying anything. Dumbass…,” Raiden grumbled at him.</p>
<p>“My bad,” Shin said.</p>
<p>But he didn’t say he regretted it, which Raiden begrudgingly admitted to himself was typical of Shin. Even as they spoke, Shin kept his gaze fixed on the Löwe. Raiden narrowed his eyes dubiously. It couldn’t be, but…</p>
<p>“You’re not thinking of taking him along, are you?”</p>
<p>“No, I can’t manage that. I don’t know his name or anything about him.”</p>
<p>Shin could hear the Legion’s voices, but he couldn’t communicate with them. Like Shin just said, all he could hear was the unintelligible rustling of a mechanical intellect or a constant repetition of the dead’s last thoughts before their life came to an end. He couldn’t communicate with any of them, not even Shepherds, who retained the memories and mental faculties they had in life.</p>
<p>That said, if Shin knew even as little as just this person’s name, he would have been hell-bent on taking them along even if they were a Legion. In fact, Raiden could never recall Shin referring to the Legion as <em>pieces of scrap</em> or cursing them in the same ways others usually did.</p>
<p>He cherished his brother enough to spend the last five years searching for the Legion that contained his head…and he likely saw the other Legion as humans who deserved to be put to rest just like his brother.</p>
<p>“So I thought that since he happened to be nearby, I ought to at least see him off.”</p>
<p>The Löwe’s leg joints creaked and rattled. Its instincts as a killing machine spurred it to slay the enemy standing in front of it, and so it tried to move its body. But it couldn’t so much as get up, its legs failing to support its weight of fifty tonnes. And it couldn’t move enough to even scratch the ground it was on.</p>
<p>Its optical sensor flickered irregularly as its gaze moved from Shin to Raiden and then back to Shin, whom it had beckoned here. Its movements gradually grew slower, and little by little, its legs stopped thrashing. When it finally calmed down, Shin reached out and placed a hand on its now-still optical sensor.</p>
<p>“It’s fine.”</p>
<p>Having been optimized for battle, Löwe weren’t equipped with language-analysis functions. Even knowing this, Shin touched and spoke to it like he would to a dying comrade.</p>
<p>“You can go home now.”</p>
<p><em>Let me go back home. To the home in my memories.</em></p>
<p>Or perhaps to the final resting place of all who died…the darkness at the depths of the world.</p>
<p>The Reaper drew his pistol. His final weapon, which he would use to put his dying comrades out of their misery. The last bullet, he would save for himself, when the end came to claim him.</p>
<p>He fixed the sights of the pistol like he was turning his gaze toward it. He aimed at the hole where an APFSDS projectile had torn into the flank of its gun turret, from which the Legion’s central processor leaked.</p>
<p>The sound of that gunshot was swallowed up and silenced by the cages and ruined buildings without reaching anyone. Like a dying man’s swan song playing through an uninhabited wasteland, never to be heard.</p>
<p class="space-break2">On the back of the now eternally silenced Löwe’s turret was a hole pierced by a 120 mm APFSDS shell. 120 mm. The Juggernaut’s main gun was a 57 mm caliber. And the interception cannon they’d hardly ever seen in use—in fact, their final Handler’s one usage of it was the only time they’d witnessed it—was a 155 mm caliber.</p>
<p>Whoever destroyed this Löwe wasn’t from the Republic. It was either another Löwe’s 120 mm cannon, or perhaps—</p>
<p>“Raiden, if there were other factions that survived beyond the Republic…”</p>
<p>Raiden snorted at the suggestion. That was something he’d heard a few times before they’d left for the Special Reconnaissance mission. Beyond the Republic’s old borders and even farther than the Legion’s territories was an area where Shin couldn’t hear anything.</p>
<p>Of course, Shin couldn’t tell if there were any people still alive there. Maybe there was another reason—for instance, a place polluted by radiation intense enough to impede even the Legion from operating there. Or perhaps it was simply beyond the limits of what Shin’s ability could hear.</p>
<p>And yet if…if there were survivors except for the Republic, maybe they could reach them and survive.</p>
<p>That was a theory Raiden didn’t find appealing in the slightest.</p>
<p>“So what, we go there and live peaceful lives? I can’t even imagine that.”</p>
<p>By now, he could hardly remember his life before he was sent to the battlefield to be a Processor. Before he was sheltered in that small school. He couldn’t remember what his house looked like, what dreams he had, or how he spent his days. Neither did the others. Neither did Shin.</p>
<p>Living a peaceful life <em>now</em>? After all this time? Besides—and he kept this thought to himself, not putting it into words—he doubted they would make it even if this kind of place did exist. Giving voice to such things had a way of welcoming bad luck. That’s what the old woman would always say…</p>
<p>“If this was a fairy tale, we’d find utopia at the end of our journey, though,” Shin said, indifferent and uninterested.</p>
<p>“What, are you saying the twist was that what we said yesterday was right, and we really passed through the gates of heaven? Getting to go to heaven only after you die is no fun.”</p>
<p>“What, don’t you want to see what it’s like there?”</p>
<p>“’Course not. Who needs that after all the shit we’ve seen?”</p>
<p>If he’d had any expectation that there was a paradise in the afterlife, he’d have blown his brains out a long, long time ago. One of their past comrades did just that, in fact. He put up a strong front, screaming at Raiden and Shin that he wouldn’t become insane like them before he did it.</p>
<p>Shin carved his name into an aluminum grave marker and took him along. That way, in case the lost comrade didn’t find the heaven he sought, he wouldn’t end up leaving him behind.</p>
<p>Raiden saw the bloodred eyes opposite him look down. Like they were sinking somewhere dark and deep, all alone. And Shin moved his lips, whispering the words so only he could hear them.</p>
<p>“Still, if I can get there…”</p>
<p>The sound of the wind drowned out his soliloquy. Shin then turned his back on the Löwe’s remains.</p>
<p>“Let’s go. We’ve stayed here for long enough.”</p>
<p class="space-break1">Ever since they departed on the Special Reconnaissance mission, Shin had started smiling more often. Like a weight he was shouldering had been lifted, like he’d been set free. Like he had no more lingering regrets, nothing left to his name in this world.</p>
<p>And so Raiden thought he looked…awfully unsteady.</p>
<p class="space-break2">Five Juggernauts and their faithful Scavenger crossed the bridge. Having confirmed their safe passage, a certain Dinosauria unit rose to its feet. It stood seven kilometers away from the bank the Spearhead squadron was hiding in. Over the four days the five of them spent there, the Dinosauria had remained where it stood, outside the effective range of its tank turret, following them from across the horizon while keeping its distance.</p>
<p>Shourei Nouzen.</p>
<p>The one Shin had pursued for five years. The remnants of the ghost he sought out and finally defeated. Thanks to the Legion’s fail-safe systems, he just barely cheated death. But it wouldn’t be long before he disintegrated.</p>
<p>But until he did, he would spend what little bit of borrowed time he still had to watch over and protect his younger brother’s journey. And with that sole desire, his ghost lingered in this world.</p>
<p>Being a Legion unit, Rei knew what awaited Shin at the end of his journey. Another country that wasn’t the Empire—a country that would protect them.</p>
<p class="space-break1"><em>I’ll probably disappear before it’s all over.</em></p>
<p><em>But if I can at least bring him—bring them—to safety, that’s all I need.</em></p>
<p class="space-break1">On two sides of the horizon, between the two banks of the river separating the world of the living from the world of the dead, stood two brothers—the elder dead, the younger still living. Neither of them aware that both had resolved to do the same thing.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>