<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86 [Eighty-Six]</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:cc563b23-4abb-4e26-8709-2e582ab82951" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter023">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter023">CHAPTER 5</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter023">FRAGMENTAL NEOTENY: UNDERTAKER</a></h1>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a001">4</h1>
<p class="noindent">The Legion began to retreat.</p>
<p>As cold, unfeeling killing machines, they exhibited no dread at the prospect of losing their comrades, nor did they feel driven to exact revenge. They either accomplished their objectives or retreated once their casualties exceeded a certain, predetermined threshold.</p>
<p>Perhaps in an attempt to conserve the Löwe, the receding mechanical wave let the self-propelled mines guard their back line. The enemy blips on the radar screen grew gradually less dense. Even so, the Processors tensely gazed into their radar screens, surveying their surroundings using the optical sensors, when a cold, clear, serene voice reached their ears.</p>
<p>The voice of the twenty-seventh ward’s first defensive unit, Bayonet’s—this squadron’s—captain.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“Undertaker to all units. Combat concluded.”</span></strong></p>
<p>His voice rang grimly. Like the voice of the combat machines that were their nemeses. Like the voice of a god ruling over this battlefield.</p>
<p>“Acknowledged, Alpha Leader.”</p>
<p>With that short reply, the Bayonet squadron’s <em>vice captain</em>, Saiki Tateha, let the tension drain from his body. He could hear their comrades relax through the Resonance, too. Normally, the captain of the first platoon also served as the squad captain. But since this particular captain had a risky, melee-oriented combat style that made it difficult for him to assume command during savage battles, as well as some other circumstances, Saiki served as the first platoon’s captain.</p>
<p>These circumstances included both his relations with the rest of the squadron’s members and the captain’s preferred fighting style.</p>
<p>Looking ahead, he saw the captain’s unit surrounded by the smoldering remains of the Legion. Saiki couldn’t help but gasp in disbelief, as always. Most of the wreckage belonged to Löwe, too. While still graced with absurd mobility, they boasted the highest firepower and armor of all the Legion types, with the exception of the Dinosauria, which were rarely seen in the Eighty-Sixth Sector’s battlefield.</p>
<p>The Löwe weren’t units a Juggernaut could hope to match. But several of them were sitting crushed and wrecked all around him.</p>
<p>True, Saiki and the others had offered him covering fire in the process, but he’d still defeated over half of them all on his own. The credit went entirely to their captain and his transcendent skill.</p>
<p>As the enemy blips disappeared from the battlefield, the Juggernauts’ gazes all fixed on the captain’s unit.</p>
<p>Standing in the midst of the wreckage of Löwe was a strange, unusual Juggernaut, capable of not only matching those menacing opponents, but also living to tell the tale. Its light-brown armor, the color of dried bone, was covered in scratches that told of its long service.</p>
<p>Since its limiters had been undone to increase its mobility, it generated enough heat to produce a heat haze even in the spring air. It was equipped with high-frequency blades for melee combat. And drawn over its cockpit was the small Personal Mark of a headless skeleton.</p>
<p>The unit with the name of Undertaker. In the Eighty-Sixth Sector, most Processors died within their first year, and those who lived longer than that were branded as Name Bearers with Personal Names. This Juggernaut was the unit of one such Name Bearer—one with a reaper’s Personal Mark.</p>
<p>It moved like a dead soldier’s skeleton, creeping along the battlefield in search of its lost head.</p>
<p>The captain seemed to let out a deep breath inside Undertaker. Saiki could hear that singular exhalation in the now-silent Resonance.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“Return to base. Let the Scavengers handle recovering any wrecked Juggernauts.”</span></strong></p>
<p>“Roger.”</p>
<p>With that reply, Saiki turned his Juggernaut around. This poorly made aluminum coffin moved with loud, rumbling footsteps. As his optical sensor swerved, the forest that was their battlefield came into view. Some trees were smashed and fallen, still covered in smoldering embers as they burned. Rocks had been shattered by bombardment, and the mud and undergrowth had been kicked up by multiple sets of mechanical legs trampling over them. And in between were the metallic and white wreckages of Legion and Juggernauts.</p>
<p>This was a standard sight in the Bayonet squadron’s and, indeed, the Eighty-Sixth Sector’s battlefields. But far in the distance, between the shade of the trees, the distant horizon was dyed red. This color alone was different. The strip bordering on the Legion’s territories was tinted a vivid crimson. There was probably a field of red flowers there. And since he could see it from this far off, it was likely quite vast.</p>
<p><em>Oh, it’s spring</em> was the thought that occurred to Saiki.</p>
<p>It had been years since he’d paid any attention to the seasons. He was desperate to survive in the internment camps, so he didn’t notice the change in weather. And if he hadn’t come to this squadron, it wouldn’t have been long after he left the camp and came to the battlefield that he’d…</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>Come this time next year, most Processors likely wouldn’t be alive to see this crimson view again. But if they’re in this squadron, they might see it next year and the year after that. Maybe they’ll see different flowers.</p>
<p>Even if <em>they themselves won’t be alive to see them</em>.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“Alpha Leader? Is something wrong?”</span></strong></p>
<p>“Ah, no. Sorry.” He hurriedly heeded the captain’s cold, somewhat dubious call.</p>
<p>Apparently, he’d been staring at the flower field long enough to arouse suspicion. Their Handler from beyond the walls wasn’t currently connected to the Resonance. The big important livestock keeper in charge of this platoon was a gutless coward. Despite it being his job, he refused to Resonate with the captain. He even cut the radio during battle.</p>
<p>Before battles, he would connect by way of radio to hand over command authorities to the captain and then spend the rest of the operation behind the walls, plugging his ears and shaking in terror.</p>
<p>Knowing this, the captain didn’t bother reporting the operation’s conclusion to the Handler. They would connect again when they were confident the battle was over and would leave him alone until then. Apparently, the captain sometimes ignored their calls since talking to them was irritating. And even then, the cowardly cattle keeper would refuse to connect to the Para-RAID.</p>
<p>Thanks to that, Saiki and the others could return to base, entrust their units with the maintenance crew, and get a chance to relax without having to listen to the white pig’s shrill voice…and they wouldn’t need to worry about their exchanges being overheard.</p>
<p>After all, the Eighty-Six were forbidden from referring to one another by their names during an operation.</p>
<p>“It’s nothing, Undertaker… Shin.”</p>
<p>Hearing Saiki call his name, the captain turned his unit to glance at him. Knowing the captain couldn’t see it, Saiki smiled.</p>
<p>“Good work today, Reaper.”</p>
<p>In the Eighty-Sixth Sector, most Processors die within their first year. And that means that most of the Processors fighting on the battlefield right now won’t be here by this time next year. They won’t be here to see the flowers blooming or the blue sky of the next spring. But this squadron might just see next year’s red flowers, or perhaps even other flowers. Even if Saiki himself would be dead by then.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Because this squadron has a Reaper, who would carry the souls of the fallen along with him.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a002">3</h1>
<p class="noindent">The Bayonet squadron’s frontline base was made by reusing a small airport’s hangar that had been abandoned when the Legion War broke out. It had likely housed aircraft in the past, because it was far taller and more spacious than the Juggernauts it now hosted needed.</p>
<p>The aircraft that were once here had likely been recovered with the civilians who were evacuated into the eighty-five Sectors. Or perhaps they’d simply been recycled in a factory to produce more Juggernauts. Whichever it was, they were nowhere to be found.</p>
<p>Either way, now that the Legion had stolen the skies away from humankind, aircraft were only good for transporting within one’s borders and, at best, sightseeing flights within the walls. It’s said that every so often some idiots do make sightseeing flights to the battlefield in pursuit of excitement. Saiki didn’t care much for how those people ended up.</p>
<p>Stopping his Juggernaut at its designated spot, Saiki opened the canopy and exhaled. The cockpit was dark and cramped. It was closed up by armor, and three of its walls were covered in optical screens, which were the only way to see outside the unit.</p>
<p>It was almost suffocating. Saiki was still an adolescent. He was slender and hadn’t grown to his full height. So if it felt cramped for him, it surely would have felt even worse for an adult Processor.</p>
<p>Indeed, compared with the size of the cockpit block, the head of the maintenance team, who was leaning over the machine, seemed too large to fit inside. He looked like a tall dwarf and had a large build.</p>
<p>“Shin… For the love of God, pilot your rig a little more carefully. Put yourself in my shoes for once. We fix and fix and fix, but you just keep breaking.”</p>
<p>“Sorry,” Shin said as he disembarked.</p>
<p>“Ugh… You always have to run wild, don’t you?” The head of the maintenance team sighed, casting a sidelong glance at him and mumbling behind his mustache.</p>
<p>Shin landed on the hangar’s floor, the tough soles of his military boots hitting the hard concrete without making any sound. It felt like the footsteps of the Legion. He scanned over the hangar with his crimson eyes.</p>
<p>Over the old building, faded from dust and exposure to sunlight. Over the lined-up Juggernauts. Over the Processors and maintenance crew walking through it. His indifferent gaze didn’t settle on any of them.</p>
<p>Contrasting the intense ferocity of his combat skills, the captain looked almost deceptively young. Enough so to pass as one of the youngest Processors in the squadron. Saiki was turning fifteen this year, but the captain was two or three years younger.</p>
<p>Despite this, no one in the Bayonet squadron dared make light of him. Instead, they regarded him with reverence. Awe. And there really was something otherworldly to Shin. His expression was serene. His thoughts were always cold and precise. His fighting style was intense and experienced. Like a sharp blade that had been broken, reforged, and whetted over the course of countless battles.</p>
<p>It wasn’t too long ago that his tenure in the Eighty-Sixth Sector had gone over one year, and he’d been serving as captain since the squadron before this one.</p>
<p>Everyone in that squadron had also died except for him, but that was because they had to launch an attack on a Legion advance position. A bridgehead the Legion set up in order to push deeper into the front lines.</p>
<p>Of course, it’d been surrounded by a considerably large force, set up to patrol and defend the point. They had to break through the Legion’s counterattack and strike the enemy position, meaning that the Juggernauts were bound to take heavy losses. Depending on the size of the advance position, it could have become a do-or-die operation where not just one squadron, but the whole ward’s four squadrons might have to be dispatched.</p>
<p>The fact that Shin could return alive from that was impressive enough.</p>
<p>And that was part of what made him so otherworldly. He walked through the hangar without interacting with anyone, his footsteps muffled. This made the Processors and maintenance crew stop chattering and fall silent. Like birds kneeling before a king eagle soaring composedly through the sky.</p>
<p>That was a Name Bearer. A monster who survived this battlefield of absolute death for over a year. He had <em>something</em> they lacked.</p>
<p>Shin didn’t regard his comrades with a glance, either. Did he even realize they distanced themselves from him out of <em>respect</em>? To that end, Saiki and the other Processors could only look at him from afar. Both sides kept their distance, refusing and unable to cross that invisible line.</p>
<p>Saiki had to ask himself if that didn’t make Shin feel alone. He wanted to reach out to him, speak up, but it always ended with silence. What could he even say?</p>
<p>Perhaps noticing that he was struggling for words, Shin turned his eyes to Saiki. For a moment, his emotionless gaze settled on Saiki’s brown eyes, but then he looked away from him a moment later.</p>
<p>That intense yet serene shade of red.</p>
<p>No one had ever seen him take off his blue scarf, so no one knew what he was hiding under it. And because of that, someone once said something. By now, it was a joke everyone shared, hiding their fear, envy, and perhaps even a hint of pity behind it.</p>
<p><em>He lost his head long ago, and he’s hiding the stitch marks behind that scarf.</em></p>
<p>The rider of a Feldreß shaped like a skeleton seeking its lost head, always followed by a mechanical Scavenger that picked through the wreckage of his comrades. The single most despicable and beloved god of this battlefield, who would someday collect the Eighty-Six who died in the midst of combat.</p>
<p>They called him—the eastern front’s Headless Reaper.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a003">2</h1>
<p class="noindent">During that day’s operation, two people died, and one of them was only injured, though not mortally enough to die.</p>
<p class="space-break1">That was, well…</p>
<p>“…Not something that happens every day.”</p>
<p>Saiki looked at the two immobilized Juggernauts.</p>
<p>But then again, it wasn’t all that unusual, either. One had their cockpit blown off by a Löwe’s shells, and the other had his rig slashed by a Grauwolf’s high-frequency blade.</p>
<p>He directed an accusatory gaze at Holly, a member of his platoon, but didn’t say anything about her remark. There was nothing more to say. That’s just what happens to the Eighty-Six. They’re disposable weapon components. Cattle in human form. Even if they go extinct, the Republic wouldn’t mind one bit.</p>
<p>So death wasn’t a surprise anymore. They were used to it. And besides…</p>
<p>“We do have our Reaper, though,” Holly said with a smile, her voice a mixture of sorrow and relief.</p>
<p>“…Yeah.” Saiki nodded.</p>
<p>Right, they had their Reaper. He could accurately predict the Legion’s movements during battle, and if someone died, he’d carry on their memories and take them along. When Shin first entered the Eighty-Sixth Sector, he made a pledge. That the one who survived until the very end would carry the fallen to their final destination.</p>
<p>And Shin survived. He was the one who could attain new heights they would never reach. So knowing he would take them there with him made death that much less scary. Even if they were unlucky enough to be injured but not die.</p>
<p>Shin approached the third stranded Juggernaut. Inside its burning aluminum armor was one unfortunate comrade of theirs, his body blackened and roasting but still alive. Shin’s hand swiftly drew the pistol from his right leg’s holster. He pulled the slide as he walked, loading the first bullet with practiced motions.</p>
<p>He then reached for the canopy’s opening lever and muttered, as if speaking to himself, “…Plug your ears if you don’t want to hear this.”</p>
<p>Some of the younger Processors, roughly the same age as Shin, looked at the charred Juggernaut with their expressions pale and strained. They plugged their ears. Others turned away painfully. Confirming this with a sidelong glance, Shin opened the canopy.</p>
<p>He reached out for their comrade within the canopy, likely touching him and telling him a few words. Seeing this, Saiki lamented. He was so cold and always kept his distance from the others, but he wasn’t emotionless. If anything, he really was—</p>
<p>But that thought was ruthlessly torn apart and scattered by the roar of three intermittent 9 mm shots.</p>
<p class="space-break2">When Saiki woke up the next morning, Shin was gone. His Juggernaut was missing from the hangar, as well.</p>
<p><em>Oh. Then he should be…</em></p>
<p>With that thought in mind, Saiki went to the spot where he would likely find him. And after walking for a while, he did indeed find him.</p>
<p>It was deep in a forest, in one corner of the Bayonet squadron’s battlefield. A spring battlefield where one could spot a field of red flowers through the streets. And standing in front of the wreckage of the three Juggernauts that had been destroyed the previous day were Shin’s Juggernaut and an old Scavenger he called Fido.</p>
<p>Fido was busy cutting off fragments of the three Juggernauts. The slashed, burned, and blasted bits. Cutting those bits of armor into plates, small enough to settle in the palm of one’s hand.</p>
<p>These would fulfill the role of grave markers for the three who had died the previous day, since the Eighty-Six were forbidden from digging their graves.</p>
<p>Shin’s expression was always a bit softer whenever Fido was around. But his expression grew a bit colder, and he turned his bloodred gaze in Saiki’s direction.</p>
<p>“What are you doing in a place like this, Tateha?”</p>
<p>Hearing this question, Saiki stepped out from the shadow of the trees into the sunlight. He wasn’t trying to hide per se, but he still raised his hands jokingly.</p>
<p>“You were gone, so I figured the Legion wouldn’t show up today.”</p>
<p>Shin wouldn’t go out on his own if he’d have predicted a Legion attack. At least, he wouldn’t be so quiet about it. This seasoned captain wouldn’t just cast aside his duties like that.</p>
<p>Shin gazed at Saiki, who was walking with his hands held up, but didn’t smile.</p>
<p>“I’d be able to escape even if there was an attack, so I came this far… We’re in the middle of the contested zones. This isn’t the sort of place you can just take a stroll in.”</p>
<p><em>You wouldn’t be able to escape.</em> His words contained that implicit, curt warning, but Saiki smiled nonetheless.</p>
<p>“I’ll be fine so long as I’m with you, then.”</p>
<p>Shin blinked once. Saiki knew, from their short acquaintance, that this was how Shin reacted when he was taken by surprise. Shin was still young enough to have the kind of gestures that Saiki…or rather, everyone else could easily detect. He was trying to hide his feelings, but he couldn’t entirely bury them. He was trying to keep his heart silent, but he couldn’t completely muffle its voice.</p>
<p>Shin wouldn’t abandon him, and Saiki knew that. And that’s why Saiki could do something as dangerous as walk into the contested zones alone.</p>
<p>He wouldn’t abandon him. This guy wouldn’t even abandon the dead, so he certainly wouldn’t give up on the living. Such were Saiki’s thoughts as he looked down at him.</p>
<p>Yes, looked down—even standing right in front of him, Shin still stood below his eye level. He was still a boy who hadn’t quite grown to his full height. Saiki, who’d already hit puberty a few years ago, was larger than him in both height and build. And despite that, he had to rely on this younger boy for so much… None of them thought this was right.</p>
<p>“You say you’re the one who’ll take those who’ve died with you, but…I want to grieve them just as much as you do.”</p>
<p>No one came to these places because they thought Shin, with his transcendent combat prowess, wouldn’t need them, and they’d only hold him back. But the truth was, everyone wanted to…</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a004">1</h1>
<p class="noindent">That said, Fido was the one that handled removing the metallic fragments from the Juggernauts, and Shin simply accepted them. This meant Saiki had nothing to actually do there.</p>
<p>If the corpses were left, he could at least bury them (Saiki had brought a shovel in his Juggernaut to that end), but sadly, those had already been taken away by the Legion, along with most of the Juggernauts’ wreckage.</p>
<p>The Legion employed the Tausendfüßler, a unit that prowled the battlefield for supplies and wreckage they could recycle. They were large, metallic centipedes capable of crushing an unarmed human, and they worked with enough efficiency and diligence to clean out this battlefield in the space of a single night.</p>
<p>He thought to at least gather some flowers for them, but this deep forest didn’t have any presentable flowers for him to collect. So Saiki went about the nearby woods in search of flowers, only for his eyes to settle on something else.</p>
<p>Soft, fragile creatures fluttering their white wings under the gentle spring sunlight, dancing in the gentle breeze.</p>
<p>Butterflies.</p>
<p>“…And…here.”</p>
<p>Cupping his palms, he swiftly caught one, before coming to. Turning around, he found Shin staring at him. There was a hint of exasperation to his expressionless eyes.</p>
<p><em>Hmm.</em></p>
<p>Caught in an awkward position, Saiki tried to feign calmness.</p>
<p>“You wanna catch one, too?” he asked with fake composure.</p>
<p>“No,” Shin refused in an oddly childish manner, but then he realized how he sounded and averted his gaze. “You’re strange.”</p>
<p>“I wouldn’t mind if we were in the middle of battle, but hearing a kid like you say it ticks me off a little. Don’t go around calling people strange, would you?”</p>
<p>It almost felt like Shin was blind to how strange he himself was. With that said, Saiki opened his hand, releasing the butterfly. It fluttered upward, over the treetops. Crossing through the verdant canopy of the trees, it vanished into the blue spring sky.</p>
<p>“Didn’t you want it?” Shin asked, watching it fly off.</p>
<p>“Mm, well, you know.”</p>
<p>The small, white butterfly had disappeared into the sky and was already out of view. But even so, Saiki narrowed his eyes, as if trying to trace its flight.</p>
<p>“It might be one of them.”</p>
<p>Maybe it was one of the comrades who’d died the previous day.</p>
<p>“…?”</p>
<p>Ever so slightly, Shin’s expressionless face contorted dubiously. Saiki shrugged.</p>
<p>“They say butterflies stand for the souls of the dead. They’re blue because that’s the color of heaven. Have you ever heard that?”</p>
<p>Even with no one to teach it, all cultures, all people seemed to regard butterflies as a symbol of the afterlife.</p>
<p>“No… Do you believe in that?”</p>
<p>In God? And the afterlife?</p>
<p>There was a hint of distaste to Shin’s voice, making it clear he didn’t buy any of that. Smiling at the irony of a reaper not believing in heaven or hell, Saiki shook his head.</p>
<p>“I don’t really believe in heaven. If heaven exists after all the stuff we’ve seen, I’d be kind of annoyed. But the butterflies…”</p>
<p>The idea of them being the souls of the dead…</p>
<p>“…I guess I do believe in that.”</p>
<p>He naturally turned his gaze to the sky. The azure, almost-moist spring sky. People considered blue to be the color of heaven because they thought that beyond that blue expanse, at the bottom of that blue ocean he couldn’t even fathom, was a world of the dead.</p>
<p>“How were the kids in your internment camps? The ones who were smaller than you. The ones who were babies or toddlers when you first got sent there.”</p>
<p>Shin fell silent for a moment, seemingly thinking back to something. His silence lingered, as if he was suppressing the emotion that memory spurred up.</p>
<p>“They died.”</p>
<p>“Figures. It was the same in my camp, too. They all died.”</p>
<p>The internment camps were a difficult environment to live in. The Eighty-Six were thrown there and subjected to stress from heartless jeering and violence. These children’s guardians—their parents, siblings, and the other adults who were with them—were all sent out to fight on the battlefield or died from the forced labor. And on top of that, there was no medical treatment to speak of. As a result, infant mortality was incredibly high.</p>
<p>Toddlers and babies always die easily. It’s only in the modern day and with the development of medicine that most infants survive and grow to adulthood. But the internment camps lacked the grace of such medical treatment, and so most babies passed away in their first winter.</p>
<p>“Back in my camp, they all caught some kind of disease and died. No one could treat them, and they were afraid that it might spread to the adults… So all the little ones were locked up in an abandoned barracks on the outskirts of the camp.”</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>“Those babies, they…”</p>
<p>He could remember it. A silent barracks, devoid of the sound of weeping and moaning. And on its farthest wall…</p>
<p>“They drew butterflies on the walls. Everywhere their hands could reach, they just scribbled butterflies.”</p>
<p>In muddy, sandy colors. The internment camps were nothing but cattle sheds located outside the walls, and so there were no crayons for the children to doodle with. But Saiki could somehow imagine, perhaps hallucinate, those missing colors. The vibrant, dazzling shades of many butterflies drawn by countless infants. The color of their one, final dream.</p>
<p>“I mean, how would they know about butterflies? They were only infants, toddlers at best. No one could have taught them that. Yet they still drew butterflies.”</p>
<p>Perhaps unaware that butterflies symbolized souls…maybe they just saw a dream of themselves as butterflies, soaring away from this hell.</p>
<p>Seeing this convinced Saiki that butterflies must have been the souls of the deceased. When a person died, they became a butterfly. And so his long-dead conscripted parents, his elder brother and sister, and all their dead comrades…</p>
<p>“And us, too.”</p>
<p>He’d once heard of blue butterflies. They would live in the Republic’s land, albeit not in the turf of the Eighty-Sixth Sector. Somewhere in this world were beautiful butterflies that shone with a dazzling blue glow. Creatures that were the incarnations of the dead, clad in the colors of the afterlife.</p>
<p>But Saiki will likely never see them. Not even when he dies.</p>
<p>“I was sure I’d only be a butterfly. That even when I die, I’d only ever become one of those. With feeble wings and a fragile body, toyed with by the wind and battered by the rain. A butterfly that would probably fall before it could get far from my body.”</p>
<p>He might never see the beautiful world those children dreamed of. And still…</p>
<p>“But now it’s different. This place is different, because we have you.”</p>
<p>This place had a Reaper who would take those dead souls who could only become feeble butterflies, then bring them to where their wings couldn’t carry them. Farther than Saiki and his comrades could go if they’d died on their own. Shin could take them to places they’d never otherwise see.</p>
<p>At the edge of the forest, deep in the eastern contested zones, red flowers bloomed along the border against the Legion’s territories. And Shin could surely take them even beyond that crimson sight…</p>
<p class="space-break2">Shin returned his Juggernaut to its spot in the base’s hangar, but he stayed inside his canopy, breathing out a small sigh. Through his active optical screen, he could see Saiki disembark from his own Juggernaut and walk off with his usual light steps. He was shouldering an absurdly large shovel, which he’d stuffed into the cramped cockpit.</p>
<p>…Looking at him made Shin feel strange.</p>
<p>He’d kept away from people both so they wouldn’t close that distance and so he wouldn’t close it himself. But being with Saiki made him feel like he might be crossing that boundary without realizing it. Before he knew it, he wished to reach out to him, too.</p>
<p>But even if he did, everyone always left him behind.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“Handler One to First Platoon. Undertaker, do you read me?”</span></strong></p>
<p>“Undertaker to Handler One. What’s up?”</p>
<p>Shin replied to the voice of a young, somewhat timid man speaking to him through the wireless. Most of the Handlers inside the walls wouldn’t Resonate with Shin through the Para-RAID. This one was especially cowardly and would only contact Shin by radio when he really had to.</p>
<p>As he waited for the Handler to speak up, Shin recalled that on paper, they were supposed to be in the middle of a patrol right now. Of course, they hadn’t gone on patrols for some time now, since it wasn’t necessary.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“I have the details for your next mission. We discovered a Legion advance position being built deep in the contested zones, adjacent to the Legion territories. The First Platoon is to mobilize all its forces and destroy the enemy.”</span></strong></p>
<p>Shin raised an eyebrow. To push their front lines ahead and expand their territory, the Legion would construct these advance positions to form a foothold. Once they’d finished building it, they’d of course launch an attack. A large enough attack to break through the Eighty-Six.</p>
<p>As such, beating them to the punch and attacking before the position is complete—before they’re prepared to strike—is the correct course of action for the Republic and their defensive army, the Eighty-Six. However…</p>
<p>“Just the first platoon? Will we be receiving support from the second—or any other forces?”</p>
<p>The Legion were aware they could be attacked before their advance position was complete. They had units to guard allies and intercept enemies deployed around the point the Handler had designated. There were roughly two battalions. And while there weren’t any Löwe or Dinosauria there, there would definitely be Stier—anti-tank artillery types. A single squadron of Juggernauts would struggle to handle this alone.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“No… Command has decided that won’t be necessary.”</span></strong></p>
<p>Shin heaved a deep sigh. It sounded like the Handler was cowering on the other side of the line, but Shin didn’t care. He had no reason to care. Facing two battalions of Legion with a squadron of less than twenty-four Juggernauts. This was, in other words—</p>
<p>“You’re telling us to go to our deaths. Is that it, Handler One?”</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a005">0</h1>
<p class="noindent">Death was inevitable for the Eighty-Six.</p>
<p class="space-break1">They were all bound to perish on this battlefield of certain death sooner or later. They would be killed at the hands of mechanical ghosts. Abandoned by the Republic, which cast them out into a place where they’d be trapped between a minefield and the enemy.</p>
<p>It was a certainty.</p>
<p>But hearing that the Republic had essentially ordered them to march to their deaths, the Processors all fell silent. Having explained the details of their mission, Shin stood wordlessly in front of his squad mates. This base was only a hangar for autonomous drones, and they were in its small, poor excuse for a briefing room. In front of them was a map of the battlefield someone had torn off from somewhere.</p>
<p>Shin’s silence was likely his way of saying that if they had any complaints or grudges to speak of, they could do it now. Even though he wasn’t the one those feelings should be directed at. Knowing this, Saiki spoke up first. Before anyone could vent out their pent-up indignation or inexplicable terror at Shin.</p>
<p>After all, the Republic was so gripped by terror toward the Legion and indignation toward inevitable defeat that they branded the Eighty-Six as pigs in human form. He couldn’t let his comrades act the same as the white pigs.</p>
<p>“Understood. You don’t have to look at him like that, you all. This isn’t a problem. I mean—”</p>
<p>Saiki smiled composedly, feeling everyone’s gazes gather on him, as if to say he was stating the obvious. There’s nothing to fear. Because…</p>
<p>“—even if we die, you’ll be there to take us with you, right, Reaper?”</p>
<p>The bloodred eyes watching him seemed to waver slightly. And seeing that tremor, Saiki spoke with a smile, trying to shoulder at least some of the burden. To make the weight he was bearing that much lighter.</p>
<p>“Then there’s no problem. In fact, it’s not bad at all… Didn’t I tell you? Thanks to you, we don’t have to die alone. Even if we die, we won’t be forgotten… Even after we die, you’ll bring us along. So dying isn’t so bad.”</p>
<p>Yes, death didn’t scare him. He was prepared for it, because he knew that even after death, they’d still be saved. He only had one regret. This cold, severe boy. With that stone-faced, unmoving expression. He could never abandon any of his comrades, even when they were weak and unsightly enough to die and leave him behind.</p>
<p>This boy, who was truly kind at heart and always tried to save others…had no one who would save him. He never sought salvation from others.</p>
<p>In the end, they were nothing but a burden to him. Saiki wished that they could keep fighting by his side, but in the very end, they didn’t have that kind of power.</p>
<p><em>…I’m sorry.</em></p>
<p>But Saiki couldn’t put that feeling into words, and that emotion never reached Shin.</p>
<p class="space-break2">Sitting inside his Juggernaut’s cockpit as it waited to sortie, Shin let his mind wander to the aluminum plates sitting in his storage compartment. He was already Resonated with the Para-RAID and could feel his comrades’ strained nerves.</p>
<p>There were small Juggernaut fragments that had the names of dead comrades carved into them. An ever-growing pile of aluminum grave markers he’d etched in place of tombs he wasn’t allowed to dig. He still vividly remembered the captain he’d made that oath with. Her smile and long black hair. And how he saw that black hair stained with her own red blood.</p>
<p>Some had loathed him. Some relied on him. There were those who shunned him and those who reached out to him. And he remembered every single one of them.</p>
<p>They all died. And more are bound to die. Here, in the Eighty-Sixth Sector’s battlefield—where the Eighty-Six live—no one can survive. Every single one of them was bound to die. And even so…</p>
<p><em>—You’ll be there to take us with you, right, Reaper?</em></p>
<p>If doing that will be of any consolation to them. Because that’s the only thing he can do. He would take everyone with him, until he reaches the conclusion of his own wish.</p>
<p>Shin looked up, his blood-colored eyes clear and cold. Like they were made of an intense calmness and gelid serenity.</p>
<p>Like a sword of ice, drawn from its scabbard.</p>
<p>Like a heartless reaper, ruling over a crimson battlefield.</p>
<p>It was the operation’s starting time. His optical screen flickered to life, letters flying over it and illuminating the dim, sealed cockpit. Rough letters, matching the poor image quality of the screen. The activation screen of this walking aluminum coffin that was bound to someday become his casket.</p>
<div class="ecom_a">
<p class="blockquote-firstpara">&lt;&lt;System Start&gt;&gt;</p>
<p class="blockquote-firstpara">&lt;&lt;RMI M1A4 Juggernaut OS Version 8.15&gt;&gt;</p>
</div>
<p>Looking ahead, he saw the battlefield in the distance was tinted red. Crimson red coquelicots, blooming across the battlefield as far as the eye could see. They burned red with the blood once shed on a skeletal battlefield.</p>
<p>And this Eighty-Sixth Sector, too, was a battlefield that produced skeletons. A battlefield where the Eighty-Six’s corpses went unmourned, where clockwork ghosts prowled. And a day would come when he, too, would join the ranks of the dead.</p>
<p>But until he does. Until he reaches the other side of that battlefield…</p>
<p class="space-break1">A rumbling cacophony mixed into the noise of the radio transmission.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>