<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86 [Eighty-Six]</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:cc563b23-4abb-4e26-8709-2e582ab82951" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter001">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter001">CHAPTER 1</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter001">FRAGMENTAL NEOTENY: PLEDGE</a></h1>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a001">6</h1>
<p class="noindent">There was no fear.</p>
<p>The first time he stood on the field of battle, he did not feel even the slightest twinge of terror.</p>
<p>Not from the intense roaring of the cannons tearing through the air. Not from the imposing form of the Löwe—that fifty-tonne, polypedal drone tank. Not from the scent of molten metal creeping into his cockpit or the constant tremors of his unit’s cruising systems rumbling all the way to the pit of his stomach.</p>
<p>Not from the ever-present, incessant wailings.</p>
<p>Not from the sight of a nearby consort unit being blasted in the flank by an armor-piercing round as soon as it encountered an enemy and getting reduced to a mess of aluminum alloy, blood, and viscera.</p>
<p>That was his closest friend from the training facility.</p>
<p>Their training had lasted less than a month, but in that time, the cheerful timbre of their voice and their bright smile left a lasting impression on his mind.</p>
<p>It had only taken a second. The Löwe’s APFSDS projectile moved with an initial velocity of 1,650 meters per second. It had hit its target before the roar of the cannon reached their ears. The acceleration propelling the depleted-uranium projectile granted it intense weight and explosive energy, and it penetrated the Juggernaut’s feeble armor effortlessly. The frail human body inside it was torn apart with almost comical ease.</p>
<p>They likely died instantly. Before they could even fathom what had happened. At the time, he couldn’t tell if that was a comfort or not.</p>
<p>Maybe it was the color of the crackling flames or the scent of scorched blood. Perhaps it was the smell of roasting skin wafting across the battlefield. Whichever it was, it had flipped a switch in his mind. A switch he’d never known existed, that he could never have been aware of during his short, peaceful life up until then.</p>
<p>The switch of his combat instincts.</p>
<p>He could feel the enemy’s sights shift. He could tell, somehow, that the Löwe’s internal automatic reloading mechanism had finished readying its next shell. By the time the barrel started rotating a moment later, he’d already pulled back the control sticks and begun moving his unit in an evasive trajectory.</p>
<p>The cannon roared.</p>
<p>The shell skimmed past him, its shock waves beating against his armor. The thin aluminum-alloy plating screeched, but even as weak as it was, this wasn’t enough to rupture it. A building behind him was unfortunate enough to be caught in the crossfire. It let out a pained, rumbling cry as its concrete bowels spilled out onto the ground.</p>
<p>The sights of his unit—his Juggernaut—were aligned. After dodging backward diagonally, the Legion’s defenseless flank stood exposed before him.</p>
<p>Looking ahead, the young, eleven-year-old Processor—who was once known as Shinei Nouzen when he was still regarded as a human being—pulled the trigger.</p>
<p class="space-break2">After defeating the Löwe by engaging it four-on-one as a squadron, the other team of two fledgling Juggernauts ran into another Löwe and was immediately blasted.</p>
<p>“Kurusu?! Oh… Oh no…”</p>
<p>As if looking past the curtain of powder snow and the rows of Legion, the captain of the Halberd squadron, the first defensive unit of the eastern front’s thirty-fifth ward, clicked her tongue. Alice Araish.</p>
<p>Teito Kurusu, who had just been killed, was a promising Processor among the fledglings who’d been thrown into the field of battle with insufficient training. He caught on quick, had grit and courage, and was capable of making clear, cogent judgment calls. He served as something of a leader among the younger Processors.</p>
<p>Alice had hoped he would at least be able to function in the rear in a suppressive fire position. But she was mistaken. Even in a situation where the squadron was understaffed and below its full capacity of twenty-four members, she shouldn’t have paired the fledglings together.</p>
<p>The Legion outperformed them in all fields, and battling them was always a herculean task. It was said that only one in a thousand Processors survived their first year of service. That was the kind of hell they were cast into.</p>
<p>The other surviving Juggernaut couldn’t move. Thinking of the mature, silent boy sitting in that Juggernaut’s cockpit made Alice grit her teeth bitterly. This child soldier was the same age as Teito, but he was very much his opposite—a boy, small even among his peers. Some cold part of her mind suspected he wouldn’t survive for long anyway.</p>
<p>His Juggernaut remained still. With her perception of time slowed down and stretched by the adrenaline pumping through her veins, Alice watched on as it stood, seemingly cowering in the face of the machine that had ruthlessly murdered his partner.</p>
<p>There were no consort units nearby to help him. And though she wanted to come to his aid, Alice herself was surrounded by a swarm of enemies.</p>
<p>It was too late. Nothing would help. And despite knowing this, she called out:</p>
<p>“Nouzen! Get awa—”</p>
<p>But just then, his Juggernaut moved.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a002">5</h1>
<p class="noindent">The 57 mm tank shell accurately hit the back of the Löwe’s turret…and was deflected in a spectacularly anticlimactic fashion.</p>
<p>“…No good,” Shin whispered as he looked at the footage on his optical screen.</p>
<p>The armor around the tank’s turret was especially thick. He’d been taught as much, but apparently, the Juggernaut’s main armament couldn’t even reliably penetrate the relatively thin armor at the back of the turret.</p>
<p>The Löwe’s optical sensor and the sights of its cannon swerved toward him. Seeing this, Shin switched over to his secondary armament, a pair of 12.7 mm heavy machine guns…which of course were of no use, either. But upon sustaining damage to one of its sensors, the Löwe froze up for a second, allowing Shin the time he needed to evacuate its line of fire.</p>
<p>The heavy machine gun sitting on the Löwe’s turret revolved to chase him. Unlike the Löwe, the Juggernaut’s frontal armor couldn’t even block heavy-machine-gun rounds. Shin retreated to avoid the barrage. He then strafed horizontally, avoiding a shell from its 120 mm cannon.</p>
<p>Shin paused, taking a single, sharp breath. The machine guns were useless. They lacked the necessary firepower to deal any damage, at least against a Löwe. In terms of its operation speed, the Juggernaut’s reaction time was sluggish. It was a hastily built weapon that was slow to jump and rotate, and it didn’t even have a proper lock-on system.</p>
<p>Right now, it was impossible for him to cut around the enemy and assume a position where he could aim at the top of its turret—or at its back, which had relatively thin armor. Looking at the enemy unit’s giant, imposing form made Shin’s mature, bloodred gaze turn cold. His eyes somehow took on the same artificial, heartless chill of the Löwe’s optical sensor.</p>
<p>In that case…</p>
<p class="space-break2">When he dodged the Löwe’s first cannon shot, Alice thought it was just a stroke of luck or a coincidence. But when he dodged a barrage from its heavy machine gun and a second cannon shell, she had to admit it couldn’t have just been luck.</p>
<p>Despite technically being a Feldreß, an advanced polypedal weapon, the Juggernaut’s mobility was low. And so Shin’s unit dodged the Löwe with slow, sluggish movements. He then began barreling toward it.</p>
<p>Upon realizing what he was thinking, Alice couldn’t help but shudder with terror. The Juggernaut’s 57 mm cannon was too weak. It could perhaps handle lightly armored Legion types like the Scout-type Ameise or the Dragoon-type Grauwolf, but a heavyweight target like the Tank-type Löwe was another matter altogether. The Juggernaut’s main armament couldn’t damage its frontal armor, and depending on the distance, even its rear armor was too tough for the shell to penetrate.</p>
<p>But if he was to close in on it, he’d maintain his shell’s kinetic energy upon impact by minimizing the distance it had to travel. Theoretically, it made sense. But a Löwe had a high-firepower 120 mm tank turret, 650 mm pressurized steel plates, and the absurd maneuverability shared by most Legion units. Challenging this kind of unit in close-range combat on his own felt like an act of suicide.</p>
<p>Especially considering he was a child soldier who’d only stepped onto the battlefield for the first time that day.</p>
<p>The Löwe changed its bearing. The fifty-tonne massive machine silently barreled forward, as if mocking the clumsy Juggernaut for its cheeky attempt at defiance. The Legion were graced with high-performance actuators and shock absorbers that muffled their movements. Jumping from a static stance to its top speed in the blink of an eye, the Legion unit closed in on the Juggernaut.</p>
<p>The Tank type brandished its stake-like leg, trying to stomp out the insolent insect in its way, just as Shin’s Juggernaut fired a wire anchor into the ground diagonally in front of it.</p>
<p>Reeling the wire in, the Juggernaut skidded along the ground, weaving past the kick aimed at it and sliding into the Löwe’s backside.</p>
<p>And then he fired his cannon. At point-blank range.</p>
<p>This time, he aimed at the back of the fuselage—an area that was thinly armored compared with the turret. And he fired at a short distance that a tank turret wouldn’t normally be in, with timing too precise for the enemy to dodge.</p>
<p>The APFSDS shell hit its target, finally penetrating the armor. It destroyed the Löwe’s internal mechanism, causing the metallic giant to burst into flames. A moment later, the fuse on its depleted-uranium core went off. That made the ammunition within the Löwe’s turret erupt in a series of induced explosions, splintering the cannon with a spectacular blast.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“What…?!”</span></strong> She heard one of her squad mates exclaim in surprise through the Sensory Resonance.</p>
<p>She couldn’t blame them. Alice herself could only stare at the sight in disbelief. The other Legion, despite being murder machines wired only for slaughter, also seemed to freeze up, like they couldn’t comprehend what had just happened.</p>
<p>Black flames billowed out of the Löwe’s metallic form, melting the snow around them. The light of those flames cast a crimson shadow over the Juggernaut’s armor as it stood motionlessly. It was a brand-new unit, its plating still a light-brown shade.</p>
<p class="space-break1">It was like an ominous skeleton, crawling across the battlefield in search of its lost head.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a003">4</h1>
<p class="noindent">Five years ago, the war with the autonomous combat drones known as the Legion broke out. And when it did, Alice, and those like her, ceased to be human.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>