<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86 [Eighty-Six]</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:cc563b23-4abb-4e26-8709-2e582ab82951" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter011">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter011">CHAPTER 3</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter011">FRAGMENTAL NEOTENY: VARLET</a></h1>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a001">1</h1>
<p class="noindent">The steel tidal wave washed over both the earthen road beneath and the concrete highway above him.</p>
<p>He was deep in the contested zones, at a multilevel crossing of an abandoned expressway. There were Ameise keeping watch from the surface, while the sturdy expressway, which was made as an emergency military express road, was teeming with Grauwolf and Löwe.</p>
<p>The lightweight Grauwolf could traverse the soil with relative ease, but the Löwe had a combat weight of fifty tonnes, and so it struggled to move through the bog. With the Eintagsfliege blanketing the skies and the Stier usurping air superiority from their enemies, the Legion could traverse the land without fear of bombardment from above.</p>
<p>And that was precisely what made this place a perfect site for an ambush.</p>
<p>“4th Platoon, open fire.”</p>
<p>At Shin’s order, the cannons of the four other Juggernauts in his platoon roared. They were hidden directly beneath the expressway, <em>between the piers that supported it and the expressway itself</em>. They’d climbed up with their wire anchors and squatted their units down as far as they could. The Juggernaut, being a small Feldreß, could just barely hide in that space.</p>
<p>With concentrated fire, they noisily collapsed the pillars in front of them. They caved in, catching all the Legion on and around the road in the collapse. Even a reinforced concrete road made for military transports couldn’t withstand concentrated fire from tank turrets.</p>
<p>The Legion lines in the center of the road were all knocked down. It was impossible for their optical sensors to see through the dense concrete of the road, but even the Juggernaut’s feeble audio sensors could detect through the thick obstruction that the enemy was divided into three forces.</p>
<p>An Ameise swiveled its optical sensor skyward, only to be crushed by the rubble and the weight of the falling Löwe. The Legion’s established tactic was to deploy the Eintagsfliege to block off humankind’s radar and launch one-sided attacks. Because of this, they assumed the chances of them being detected and ambushed while on the march were exceedingly low.</p>
<p>Having to fall several dozen meters knocked even the central processors of the Löwe into a state of confusion, making the large units freeze up in shock at the unexpected development. As they did, Shin ordered the second wave of fire. The shells bored into the relatively thin top of their turrets.</p>
<p>With that, they eliminated the troublesome Löwe that had crashed down. This left…</p>
<p>“4th platoon, follow me. Captain, eliminate the Legion left above us.”</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“…Roger that.”</span></strong></p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“Stop ordering people around, 4th Platoon Captain.”</span></strong></p>
<p>The Legion couldn’t tap into the Para-RAID communications, but the Eighty-Six were still obligated to use Personal Names or code call signs during communications. This included the Handler’s call sign of <em>Handler One</em> and was done so their given names wouldn’t leak in or out of the Gran Mur.</p>
<p>Shin and his 4th Platoon’s units descended to the surface using their wires. The 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 5th Platoons also jumped down from the expressway and attacked the Legion, using the dust of the collapsing rubble as their cover.</p>
<p><em><span class="special-1"><strong>“Haunted freak.”</strong></span></em></p>
<p>Even through the tumultuous noise of the battle, everyone in the squadron could hear this whisper reach them from the Resonance. Shin didn’t regard it as he approached a Grauwolf. The mechanical menace had finally recovered from the shock of falling down. As it tried to turn around, Shin’s Juggernaut slid across the mud, skidding into the enemy’s flank and firing the machine guns on its grappling arms.</p>
<p>The lightweight Grauwolf boasted great offensive power, but its defense was nowhere near as high as the Löwe’s. Still, unlike the Juggernaut, machine-gun fire couldn’t penetrate its frontal armor, so one had to attack from the flank.</p>
<p>As the Grauwolf crumpled lifelessly to the ground, Shin sprinted away and rushed the next one. The impact of the fall had rattled their central processors, and they couldn’t move in tandem to stop the ambush.</p>
<p>But even with the enemy side being so confused, the Juggernaut’s performance couldn’t match the Legion’s. And so it was Shin’s role to create these situations and keep up the momentum. He plunged into the heart of the surviving Grauwolf unit, tearing into their lines. Without even looking at his radar, he could tell his squad members were deployed behind him, splitting the Legion up and individually taking them out.</p>
<p>His right machine gun ran out of bullets. A warning that the same was about to happen to his left one popped up in his holo-window. Shin clicked his tongue and switched his armament selection to his 57 mm cannon. Its recoil was intense, and it wasn’t useful in melee combat. But the fact that ranged weapons could run out of ammo was a painful blow.</p>
<p>The Juggernauts were built to be light, and as such, the amount of machine-gun and cannon ammo they could carry was limited. Of course, this meant that running out of ammo in the middle of battle was a predictable problem, and so the squadrons were accompanied by supply drones. But their AI wasn’t advanced, and they couldn’t follow them to such frantic battles.</p>
<p><em>If only I had some melee armaments.</em></p>
<p>That pained thought crossed his mind between engagements. Melee weapons were anachronistic. They’d been driven into extinction by firearms, which required less training and had greater range. Modern warfare was governed by cannons, which could fire kilometers ahead, and so the use of melee weapons was seen as suicidal.</p>
<p>But they did have one advantage firearms lacked. Melee weapons never ran out of ammo. They could keep cutting into the enemy, slashing at them until they broke or shattered. So having that as an option would make things just a little bit easier.</p>
<p>It seemed the platoons above them were struggling to dispose of the Legion on the remains of the expressway. The Legion had perhaps sent a request for support, because the Legion force patrolling on the left side changed course to help them. They moved among the buildings so they wouldn’t be caught by the radar, but Shin had predicted this ahead of time. He had the remaining 6th Platoon lie in cover in their direct path.</p>
<p>But then Shin realized: The 6th Platoon he’d set there to intercept them weren’t in their positions. And looking up, he could definitely hear the members of the 6th Platoon speaking from the hectic fighting above them.</p>
<p>“Nosferatu, a Legion detachment changed course and is heading our way. We can still hit them from the flank. Have the 6th Platoon return to their posi—”</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“I told you to stop ordering people around, Delta Leader. I’m the captain of this squadron, and I decided we need to prioritize taking out the main force. Besides…who can trust anything you say? Haunted freak.”</span></strong></p>
<p>Shin grimaced at those words. This captain was two years his senior and refused to listen to a younger soldier’s words… No. Shin’s age wasn’t the reason he hated him so much… And as if to make a show of that, the squad captain continued his irritated spiel. He spat out the words with utter disdain in his voice.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“And stop Resonating with us. It’s jarring having you on the transmissions, you mon—”</span></strong></p>
<p>But the next moment, the captain’s voice cut off. His Sensory Resonance shut down. And a moment later, Shin heard the heavy metallic thud of something being struck, and then the roar of a Löwe’s 120 mm turret.</p>
<p>A cannon shell had been fired at an initial velocity of 1,600 meters per second, far quicker than the speed of sound. And so the sound of the shell impacting its target reached him before the roar of the cannon did.</p>
<p>That sound was the prelude to the entire operation falling apart.</p>
<p class="space-break2">Fighting a Löwe alone wasn’t impossible for Shin, but fighting them one-on-one without any support from his comrades was difficult. Using the ruined Juggernauts of his comrades as bait, he shot a Löwe from behind and sunk it.</p>
<p>Standing in front of the Löwe’s remains, Shin let out a sigh. As smoke and sediment continued to rise from the battlefield, he disembarked his unit, walking through it undefended.</p>
<p>There were no friends or foes left alive. Both the combat drones left behind by a fallen country and the weapons piloted by those who were stripped of their humanity and deemed subhuman had fought each other to the death, leaving behind only smoldering city ruins.</p>
<p>It’d happened again. All his squad mates had died, and he was the sole survivor.</p>
<p>Now that he was alone, he couldn’t recall how long he’d spent fighting. His mind had already learned the hard way that stopping for even a second could get you killed, and so it spared no resources on pondering such pointless sentimentality. Only once the fighting ended did he have time for the sorrow to set in.</p>
<p>He looked to his Juggernaut and shook his head. Its machine-gun and tank-turret ammunition reserves were empty, and its energy-pack reserves were too small.</p>
<p>He’d warned them, but no one listened. No one believed him. He was used to others speaking poorly of him, calling him a possessed grim reaper who beckoned death and the enemy to his comrades. Every squadron he’d been in since he was drafted, every single one, had been wiped out, and he was always the only one to survive.</p>
<p>He had to get used to it. To the death of his friends. To being the only one left alive. To being blamed and told that this was all his fault.</p>
<p>But for some reason, that day, he felt awfully tired. An inexplicable sense of emptiness crept up his legs and bound him. An absurd, nonexistent weight pressed down on him, and he could only stand still.</p>
<p>What was the point of surviving? In the end, what awaited him was the same as always—a warrior’s death on the battlefield…</p>
<p>But even so, he couldn’t die yet. So he dragged his heavy feet over to his Juggernaut, which had been remaining on standby, when…</p>
<p>“…Mm?”</p>
<p>…he spotted something amid the rubble a short distance away. A toppled-over Scavenger…</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a002">2</h1>
<p class="noindent">Scavengers were unmanned support units that escorted squadrons to battle. They were loaded with ammunition and energy packs, which they used to resupply units in the heat of battle. Shin didn’t know what their official name was. But since they patrolled the battlefield after fights were over to restock on supplies and picked reusable parts out of wrecked Juggernauts, these blocky, awkward transport units were colloquially called Scavengers.</p>
<p>Shin’s squadron had multiple Scavengers escorting them, which had apparently all been destroyed in the battle. Fortunately for Shin, though, that unit still had its container attached to it.</p>
<p>With his ammo depleted and his energy pack almost empty, he doubted he could return to base from the contested zones. He knew there were no Legion around at the moment, but the enemy was swift, and if he was pursued by them, he wouldn’t have the means to fight them off.</p>
<p>He was prepared to gather the supplies he needed from his squad mates’ ruined Juggernauts, but this was a much easier alternative.</p>
<p>Shin stopped his Juggernaut next to the mountain of rubble, disembarked his unit, and approached the Scavenger. It was an old model, the kind that’d been introduced early on in the war. Models like this one were hard to come by. It was sooty and stained from the dust of the battlefield. Its body was squarish and angular, while its four legs were rounded. It was a clumsy, unshapely drone with two crane arms and a lenslike optical sensor.</p>
<p>It was completely silent and sunken diagonally into the rubble, like a dying hound crouched on the ground. Apparently, it’d been shot in the legs. On top of its container being intact, its crane arms and its internal burner and cutters were all whole. But with the Scavenger itself being dead, they couldn’t move.</p>
<p>The container’s lock was simple, so it could be disengaged without much effort. Looking around its sooty surface, Shin held back a sigh. Much like the Juggernaut’s canopy, the doors to all the Republic’s “drones” weren’t closed by electronic locks that required passcodes. All one needed to open them was to pull a bar.</p>
<p>Now that Shin needed to get supplies from this Juggernaut, this worked in his favor, but the Legion had the self-propelled mines and the Tausendfüßler, which had armlike manipulators. He’d seen comrades of his who’d gotten stranded in the middle of battle run into them, only for the Legion to open their canopies and drag them out.</p>
<p>The Republic only saw the Eighty-Six as disposable processing units, so they never considered adding features that would protect them. Their technology was too lacking to develop a successful AI or a powerful Feldreß, but they could at least make an electronic lock.</p>
<p>Suddenly, Shin completely stiffened. Maybe it was his exhaustion from the battle. Pushing away that sarcastic thought, which had surfaced to the front of his mind with cruel clarity, Shin reached for the container’s opening bar. The pebbles of the rubble under his feet spilled from beneath his boots and tumbled down.</p>
<p>The lock disengaged with ease. But the problem presented itself as soon as he opened it. Namely, it was the supplies the Scavenger was carrying. After all, the Juggernaut was an exceedingly weak, poorly cobbled together death trap, and every one of the supplies it required was large and cumbersome. As weak as its 57 mm cannon turret might have been, the magazines containing its shells weighed well over 100 kilograms.</p>
<p>Shin was still short and small, and so this weight was well beyond his capacity to move. The ammo weighed twice as much as he did. Nonetheless, he could extract the shells from the cartridge and carry them out one by one…</p>
<p>…even though doing so wouldn’t change the fact that he’d eventually die a meaningless death on the battlefield.</p>
<p>That cold, dark, and intrusive thought once again reared its ugly head. Sighing, Shin shrugged it off. When did this odd sense of exhaustion and emptiness start occupying a corner of his mind? He’d first noticed it when his last squadron was wiped out, but it had probably been there even earlier, and he just hadn’t realized it.</p>
<p>No matter how much he fought on and remained the last man standing, in the end, he’d never really gain anything. There was no meaning to fighting or surviving, and yet—</p>
<p>Just then, the Scavenger’s optical sensor flickered. One of its crane arms, which was resting in an uncomfortable position, suddenly jerked. The manipulator at its tip opened and closed with a loud metallic crunching sound, as if testing its operability.</p>
<p>“Whoa—”</p>
<p>Shin pulled back with a start. He was already used to the battlefield, but he still couldn’t help but let his voice slip. He looked at it with shocked curiosity like he was seeing someone rise from the grave—after all, from what he could tell, this machine was basically dead—as its two crane arms dragged the magazine out of the container. It remained loyal to its programming…or rather, it almost seemed like the drone wasn’t even aware of its own death, sticking to its supply duties even when it was half ruined.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>