<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86 [Eighty-Six]</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:cc563b23-4abb-4e26-8709-2e582ab82951" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter003">
<p class="center">*&#160;&#160;&#160;*&#160;&#160;&#160;*</p>
<p class="space-break1">Their homeland, the Republic of San Magnolia, was mainly populated by silver-eyed, silver-haired Alba. Apparently, that was the reasoning behind it. Alice didn’t really understand. Either way, Alice and her sort were driven out of the safety of the eighty-five administrative Sectors and their fortress walls. Exiled from that paradise made only for Alba—for humans.</p>
<p>And they were cast out into the nonexistent Eighty-Sixth Sector. They were forced to live in internment camps and on the battlefield as pigs in human form—as Eighty-Six.</p>
<p>Benevolence being one of its national policies, the Republic didn’t see fit to send its civilians out onto the field of battle. And despite that, they failed to develop a drone that could match the Legion’s power. Their national defense and their ideals clashed, but they soon found an all-too-simple solution.</p>
<p class="space-break1">The Eighty-Six didn’t count as human, and any piloted machine they were inside wasn’t considered a manned unit, but a drone.</p>
<p class="space-break1">And so, the manned combat drone, the Juggernaut, was born. The Eighty-Six were loaded onto them as “Processors.” The Juggernaut was lauded by the Republic as a cutting-edge, humanitarian weapon that created a battlefield of zero casualties. And even now, Alice and her fellow Eighty-Six put their lives on the line every day to fight the Legion.</p>
<p class="space-break2">The Eighty-Six, Processors and otherwise, were all fairly young. Over the first few years of fighting, most of the adult Eighty-Six had passed away, leaving only children.</p>
<p>Alice looked around her unit of child soldiers. Being seventeen years old, she was among the oldest here. They were in the eastern front’s frontline base, separated by a hundred kilometers and antipersonnel, anti-tank minefields from the Gran Mur’s fortress walls. Within their barracks, a building faded by exposure to the sunlight and rain, they gathered inside a meeting room adjacent to the hangar.</p>
<p>“Good work today, everyone… As unfortunate as it is, I can’t say we got through today without any losses, but you all put up a hell of a fight.”</p>
<p>Long, straight black hair. Dark, oblique eyes. Alice stood in the meeting room, her battle-tempered figure filling out her camouflage uniform. She was a Processor in her third year of service. A sky-blue scarf was tied around her neck, accentuating her effortless beauty.</p>
<p>She set her gaze on a corner of the room, curling her pale, unadorned lips.</p>
<p>“…Shinei Nouzen. You, of all people, sleeping during <em>my</em> briefing? You’ve got some nerve.”</p>
<p>At her scolding, a small figure who was nodding off on a pipe chair in the back of the room jolted upright. He gazed up at her with his distinctive bloodred eyes in a youthful gesture that fit his young age. His hair was an even darker shade of black than Alice’s, contrasting the fair, marble-like features of his face. She looked down at his neck, her eyes resting on the unpleasant sight of bandages sticking out from under his collar.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry.”</p>
<p>His voice was a bit high-pitched. It hadn’t deepened yet. Its tone completely sapped her of any intent she might have had to scold him any longer, which only made her sarcastic smile widen. Something about him reminded her of a family member—someone whose voice would forever remain high-pitched and unbroken.</p>
<p>“Well, that’s fine. Today was your first battle, so you must be tired… We’re all just drone parts in the end. Pigs like us can imitate the <em>glorious</em> Republic soldiers however much we want, but it’d be little more than a farce.”</p>
<p>Being a drone, the Juggernaut showed little regard for its inhuman Processors. Its cockpit was cramped. Its Bakelite seat was so uncomfortable and hard that it almost felt like an affront to ergonomics. And the thin aluminum plates that served as its excuse for armor did little to spare its pilots from the residual heat of the power packs or the intense vibrations of its four legs.</p>
<p>Humans could adapt to just about anything, but riding the Juggernauts for the first few times was extremely taxing on the fledglings, with their underdeveloped, prepubescent bodies. Combat maneuvers made their limbs ache, rendering many of the children incapable of fighting any longer, which consequently ended with them being disposed of. And all this was exacerbated by the absurd intensity of the battles they were forced to march into.</p>
<p>“Well, I’m sure plenty of us are about ready to pass out, so today’s briefing ends here… Nouzen, you’re free to go to sleep; just make sure you get back to your room first.”</p>
<p>Alice’s lighthearted banter allowed the surviving squad mates to let out their first chuckle in quite some time. Some of the fledglings who’d been forced to watch their friends die still had slightly stiff expressions, but they did curl their lips up a bit.</p>
<p>But even among them, she saw the red-eyed boy keep his head lowered, without so much as a ripple of emotion in his expression. This concerned her.</p>
<p class="space-break2">“Can I ask you something, Alice? Captain?”</p>
<p>Though the base was mostly occupied by teenage boys and girls, the Juggernaut maintenance crews were the exception to that rule. Most of them were over twenty years old. Many of them were former soldiers who remained on the battlefield or injured Eighty-Six who were relegated to maintenance work instead. Unlike the Processors, who were by and large expendable and replaceable, professional maintenance knowledge was seen as essential and valuable. And so even Eighty-Six who couldn’t keep on fighting weren’t quite so easily disposed of.</p>
<p>“About this rig. The one riding it was a squirt on his first battle, right? Can I ask what kind of stunts the little kid pulled to mess up the suspension system this badly after just one fight?”</p>
<p>Guren, the chief of maintenance, asked this of Alice with a sour expression as he rested his hands against a standby Juggernaut. He was a red-haired young man, seven years her elder.</p>
<p>He’d served for three years as a mechanic for the thirty-fifth ward’s first defensive unit. He knew how savage the fighting could be here, and if he was making that expression, the unit must really have been in poor condition.</p>
<p>“Was it that bad?”</p>
<p>“The actuator’s in shambles. No point in even fixing it; we’ll have to switch the whole thing out,” he said, and then he directed his blue eyes at her, as if pressing her for an answer to his question.</p>
<p>“Well, believe it or not, he went head-to-head with a Löwe,” she said.</p>
<p>Guren’s mouth fell open.</p>
<p>“…Seriously?”</p>
<p>“Yep. And he brought it down all on his own. His engine malfunctioned after that, so we had to cover for him, though… But it was his first battle. A fledgling—and such a small one at that. Gives me the creeps.”</p>
<p>Her exasperation was natural. Most fledglings on their first battle were lucky if they didn’t end up shooting a comrade by mistake. And with the Eighty-Sixth Sector’s high mortality rate, most of them were likely to lose their lunches in the best-case scenario and their lives in the worst. Just coming back alive was a job well done for the fledglings.</p>
<p>The performance gap between the average Legion unit and the Juggernaut was simply that vast. The Giadian Empire had been a technological giant and a military superpower, and they’d built the Legion while outfitting them with the most advanced technology and combat ferocity they could muster. By comparison, the Juggernaut was a faulty piece of junk.</p>
<p>Its firepower was poor, its armor was feeble, and its limited mobility didn’t allow it to even jump properly. Its build was beyond reckless; it was a weapon meant to bury the expendable Eighty-Six, with its only merit being its ability to shoot at all.</p>
<p>Even fighting the lightweight Grauwolf types was a challenge for the Juggernaut. So facing off against a Löwe, the central unit and symbol of the Legion’s offensive strength, was absurd… Even Alice, who was becoming a veteran, wasn’t sure if she could reliably do that.</p>
<p>“I’ll admit I was wrong about that one. Most kids like him don’t usually live long, but…”</p>
<p>She had been seeing more and more of those kinds of kids coming in among the fledglings. Kids who seemed to be missing something vital. Who seemed to have killed their emotions and developed an indifference to everything around them. Children who avoided interaction.</p>
<p>Such children were the first to die in the Eighty-Sixth Sector. They failed to get their comrades to cover for them and seemed to have a disregard for their own survival. In most cases, they didn’t survive their first battle. And even if they survived the first one…they didn’t return from the second.</p>
<p>Alice couldn’t blame them for becoming that way, of course. When the war started, and she was sent to the internment camps with the rest of the Eighty-Six, Alice had been thirteen years old. She had some understanding of the world around her and had developed her own sense of self by that point.</p>
<p>But kids like Shin had only been seven or eight years old at the time. They had guns suddenly forced against their heads and were marched into internment camps that were surrounded by minefields and barbed wire, where they were forced to live like livestock. Within two years, they lost their parents, grandparents, and siblings… No child could endure so much and come out mentally unscathed.</p>
<p>Shin had it worse, though. He clearly had noble Imperial blood running through his veins—linking him to the same Empire that had created the Legion in the first place. People like him were blamed for the war and hated in the internment camps. It was the kind of bloodline that was bound to attract severe discrimination.</p>
<p>The Eighty-Six were subjected to discrimination, but they weren’t necessarily innocent victims. The world always had a way of being coldest to the outnumbered and the weak.</p>
<p>“…So that kid, Shin, was it?” Guren snorted. “You should look after him.”</p>
<p>That comment made Alice blink in a bewildered fashion.</p>
<p>“Well…I’m his squad captain, so of course I will. But why?”</p>
<p>Guren looked away from her, fixing his gaze on the Juggernaut in front of him.</p>
<p>“I can’t exactly <em>see</em> it that clearly, but…I think he’s scared of the older kids. Kids about your age. They’re all taller, and their voices are deeper…”</p>
<p>“…?”</p>
<p>Apparently, Guren had the supernatural ability to “see” people’s emotions. He supposedly inherited it from his red-haired father’s bloodline, and it manifested rather faintly in him. But his ability to read others’ feelings had been a boon to Alice in the past. She wasn’t going to doubt him now.</p>
<p>“But thankfully, you’re a woman. It doesn’t look like he’s afraid of you yet. So I figured I should tell you.”</p>
<p>“Well, did…did some men do something to him in the camp’s training facility? Did they…beat him or something?”</p>
<p>Any concept of public order had long since crumbled away inside the internment camps, and all the Republic soldiers who interacted with the Eighty-Six—be it in the training facilities, during transportation, or when commanding them in battle—were total scum, to put it mildly.</p>
<p>“Well, I didn’t see anything like that, so I don’t know, but…I bet there’s a story behind what happened to his neck. There’s an emotion coiled around his throat…like a collar, or a chain, choking him beneath those bandages.”</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>All Processors had RAID Devices set into the back of their necks for the Para-RAID. It was indispensable for surviving in the Eighty-Sixth Sector, but the way the Republic implanted them was pretty rough and painful.</p>
<p>The quasi-nerve crystal was embedded under the skin, but there were rare cases where Processors took damage to their spines, resulting in paralysis. These Processors were removed, of course. And the whole procedure was done without anesthetic or any disinfectant, so the wound left in the wake of that accident wouldn’t always necessarily heal.</p>
<p>Alice had always assumed Shin wore the bandages around his neck because the wound from the implant hadn’t healed yet, but apparently, that wasn’t the case…?</p>
<p>“…Understood. I’ll watch out for him.”</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a001">3</h1>
<p class="noindent">The next day, Alice immediately found herself in a concerning situation with regards to the boy.</p>
<p>“—took my eyes off him for two seconds, and he ran off somewhere. Hell, who knows, maybe Nouzen walked off on his own…”</p>
<p>When Shin’s squad captain came to her after patrol, telling her with a pale face that Shin’s Juggernaut had gone missing, Alice shook her head in an attempt to stave off the incoming migraine.</p>
<p>Thanks to the Legion’s powerful jamming units, the Eintagsfliege, both radar and radio transmissions were completely ineffective. And to avoid any surprise attacks, the Processors had to continually patrol the combat area. Sometimes, they’d run into Legion advance units, which could escalate into full-blown battles. This made these patrols into stressful routine work for all the squadrons.</p>
<p>And in the middle of one such nerve-racking patrol, the youngest fledgling in the squadron had gone missing.</p>
<p>“…Roger that. I’ll have my platoon look for him. Have the rest of the platoons keep up their patrol.”</p>
<p class="space-break2">Thankfully, she found the little troublemaker before long.</p>
<p>“—Nouzen.”</p>
<p>Upon hearing her voice, Shin, who was standing still over a pile of snow-covered wreckage, turned to look at her.</p>
<p>The Republic’s military had been wiped out by the Legion within the first two weeks of the war, forcing the Republic’s citizens to abandon the vast majority of their territory and shut themselves off behind fortress walls. As such, the city ruins that made up the battlefields of the Eighty-Sixth sector were devoid of any human presence…</p>
<p>…with the exception of the inhuman Eighty-Six.</p>
<p>Alice made her Juggernaut kneel, and then she walked over to him with a bitter smile. Why did she ever think he was mature and docile? Looking at him now, it was clear he was quite a rambunctious boy.</p>
<p>“I was wondering what came over you when you disappeared in the middle of patrol… You never know where the Legion might be lying in wait. Don’t go off on your own again.”</p>
<p>Even a Löwe, with its fifty-tonne weight, could move around without making a sound. There were cases of Processors failing to notice Legion that had snuck up on them until they were face-to-face with the mechanical monstrosities.</p>
<p>“And walking around the battlefield outside your unit… You’d be dead in a heartbeat if a self-propelled mine found you.”</p>
<p>“I’m sorry… But there aren’t any Legion in the area right now.”</p>
<p>Alice paused, staring at the boy in confusion. He sounded oddly confident about that. Shin climbed down from the small mountain of rubble and reinforced concrete. He approached her, his footsteps muffled despite the hard soles of his combat boots. The barrel of a 7.62 mm assault rifle was strapped onto his shoulder, the gun clearly too large in proportion to his small physique.</p>
<p>“So what were you doing here?” Alice asked.</p>
<p>When she found him, he was squatting down on the mound of concrete, seemingly looking for something. Once he heard her question, his bloodred eyes seemed to sink a bit.</p>
<p>“…I wanted to look for something of Teito’s.”</p>
<p>His answer rendered Alice momentarily speechless.</p>
<p>“His corpse is probably gone, so I looked for a piece of his unit… At least, that’s what I thought I should do.”</p>
<p>Shin turned his gaze to the city ruins’ main street, but aside from the burn marks that lingered on the asphalt, there was nothing left. Not Teito’s ruined Juggernaut nor the Löwe that Shin took down. Not even the three lightweight units his consorts later destroyed. Not so much as a fragment remained of any of them.</p>
<p>“…The Legion have specialized units that collect wreckage… The Tausendfüßler. They can clean away the remains of a battle that size in less than a night.”</p>
<p>They took everything they could find without discrimination. Be it friend or foe. The ruins of destroyed units, shell fragments, vehicles, and aircraft in abandoned military bases. They greedily collected it all and carried it to the underbelly of the Weisel nestled deep within the Legion’s territories. The Weisel themselves were giant, autonomous factories that devoured that wreckage and used them to build more Legion, which they rolled out as quickly as the black smoke rising from their exhaust pipes.</p>
<p>All to destroy their designated enemy: any and all humans who weren’t part of the empire that created them.</p>
<p>The Republic’s frontline bases actually had autonomous units that performed much the same role. These bases had small production and automatic plants, making them self-sufficient even on the battlefield. Of course, the lofty humans refused to leave the safety of their walls, meaning they needed some kind of automatic feeding system to feed the Eighty-Six.</p>
<p>So for all Alice knew, Teito’s unit might already be in their base’s recycling furnace…but she didn’t tell him that. Telling someone their Juggernaut used spare parts from the wreckage of a dead friend’s unit could give them the feeling they were cannibalizing their comrades. And that was a brutal truth Shin did not need to face… At least, not yet.</p>
<p>Either way, Alice smiled at him. She really had misjudged this kid. His expressions and emotions might be dim. He did appear detached from what went on around him, and the way he seemed to avoid looking her in the eye spoke to his tendency to avoid personal interaction.</p>
<p>But he wasn’t completely indifferent to those around him. Quite the contrary, in fact.</p>
<p>“…You’re sweet. You wanted something to remember him by, didn’t you?”</p>
<p>Had he found himself on an unforgiving battlefield, where death lurked around every corner, for this reason alone? But Shin gently shook his head.</p>
<p>“I wanted to warn him, but I couldn’t.”</p>
<p>A faint trace of emotion flickered behind his bloodred eyes. Self-condemnation…?</p>
<p>“It was the first time a Legion unit was that close to me, so I didn’t think they’d move that fast. But I could tell it was close by. So I could have warned him…and because I wasn’t careful, he—”</p>
<p>Alice reached out to the boy, plopping her hand on his head. Alice was tall, and Shin was still small. The height gap between them was quite significant. With his words cut off, Shin stiffened in surprise and looked up at her. Alice looked back at him and said:</p>
<p>“Anyone who needs other people to warn them in these kinds of situations is as good as dead.”</p>
<p>Those words were grim and cold. She continued, gazing into the boy’s crimson eyes as he slowly widened them.</p>
<p>“This is the kind of battlefield we’re in. If you don’t try to protect yourself, you’ll die eventually. And we won’t always be there to babysit people who can’t do that.”</p>
<p>The Juggernaut’s firepower was feeble, and its primary strategy involved multiple units working in tandem to fire at the enemy’s flank and rear, where their armor was at its thinnest. Comrades had to work together to survive in this battlefield. But in the end, it was each person’s responsibility to protect their own life.</p>
<p>There were times when one was stranded in the middle of battle. When one’s consort units couldn’t offer any support. And when one’s squad mates were all…wiped out. Cases like that happened all the time. And people who needed others to cover for them didn’t usually survive in those sorts of situations. And the responsibility for their deaths didn’t lie with those who couldn’t protect them.</p>
<p>“So don’t let what happened to Teito weigh on you. It’s not your fault… If anything, I think he was happy to have a friend like you by his side at the very end.”</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>“So remember him… That’s the biggest tribute you can make for him.”</p>
<p>And the one and only tribute one can make for another on this battlefield.</p>
<p>“…I will.”</p>
<p>“If anyone’s at fault for what happened, it’s me, the captain… I’m sorry.”</p>
<p>Shin shook his head gently once more. Alice smiled at seeing his curt gesture and patted his black hair again. He was a kind boy after all. Too kind for this ruthless world. But it only took a moment for Shin to look up at her with displeasure… Apparently, he wasn’t too happy about being treated like a child.</p>
<p>Alice let go of him, and he walked a few steps away before turning his eyes to her again.</p>
<p>“Captain Araish—”</p>
<p>“Call me Alice. My rank doesn’t mean anything anyway.”</p>
<p>For the sake of clarifying the chain of command, Processors were uniformly allotted ranks. But since they weren’t treated any better or paid salaries accordingly, the ranks were nominal at best.</p>
<p>“…Why are you here, Captain?”</p>
<p>Calling an older person by their first name was a bridge too far for him, it seemed.</p>
<p>“Oh, same reason as you… I thought Teito might have left something behind, so I came to see if there’s anything to pick up.”</p>
<p>Her real reason was that she’d come to look for a little prankster who’d up and disappeared in the middle of patrol—but she left that unsaid.</p>
<p>Shin cocked his head. Alice herself had just said that the Tausendfüßler collected pieces of the Juggernaut’s wreckage. He probably didn’t understand why she’d come here for Teito’s things if she knew that.</p>
<p>“Right, I didn’t tell you fledglings about that yet… Well, I’ll explain when we return to base. You left your partner over there. Get in and let’s head back.”</p>
<p>Shin’s Juggernaut was crouched behind some rubble, looking terribly abandoned.</p>
<p class="space-break2">“These are the grave markers for the ones who died yesterday. Teito Kurusu, Atori Laishi, Nana Ouka, and Amala Kii.”</p>
<p>Before her squad mates—whose number had dwindled to fourteen following the previous day’s casualties—Alice held up something for the group to see. Small metal shards, only a few centimeters in size, with each of their names carved onto them. Splintered pieces they happened to find, which had the name etched into them with a nail. Rather crude, as grave markers go.</p>
<p>The Republic citizens inside the walls would likely break out laughing at this comical excuse for a grave marker. But none of the boys and girls in this room laughed. Fourteen pairs of eyes, each with their own unique shade, gazed sincerely and gravely at these metal fragments.</p>
<p>They were the sole salvation one could hope for in the battlefield they’d been imprisoned in.</p>
<p>“We Eighty-Six don’t get graves. Our names have been struck out of every record, and we won’t leave any corpses behind anyway. So these are our grave markers. We etch the names of those who died, and someday, our names will go down like this, too… This is proof that we existed.”</p>
<p>Even if these small fragments of proof will simply rust away somewhere on the battlefield, with no one to mourn or even see them. Even if the wind and the sand will one day wear them down until they’re gone, nowhere to be found.</p>
<p>“Let’s make a promise, everyone. We’ll carve the names of those who died on their units’ fragments and have the ones who survive carry them. That way, the ones who survive until the very end can bring everyone else along with them to their final destination.”</p>
<p>In a battlefield such as the Eighty-Sixth Sector, which had been dominated by the Legion, a fragment of one’s Juggernaut or a piece of metal or wood was the most one could hope for.</p>
<p>“Let’s remember the comrades who fought alongside us. If even for just a moment.”</p>
<p>Alice had spent three years fighting in the Eighty-Sixth Sector, where a Processor’s yearly survival rate was less than 0.1 percent. And everyone who’d fought with her during that time was gone by now.</p>
<p>Everyone in this unit would likely leave her behind, too.</p>
<p>She gazed into the clear, crimson eyes looking up at her from the pipe chair in the corner of the back row and smiled.</p>
<p>He was just like her younger brother, who’d died from disease in the internment camp. Had he still been alive, he’d likely be as old as him. But he’d never gotten to that age.</p>
<p>“I’ll take all of you with me when the time comes. So you…have nothing to fear.”</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a002">2</h1>
<p class="noindent"><strong><span class="special-1">“Shit.”</span></strong> She heard someone’s voiced panic through the Para-RAID. And less than a moment later, she saw Shin’s Juggernaut engulfed in a cloud of black sediment. Something had shot down from the sky, piercing the earth with an explosive shock wave and throwing a massive amount of sediment into the air.</p>
<p>The force of that black tidal wave sent the lightweight Juggernaut flying, and Shin was helplessly blown away along with his unit.</p>
<p class="space-break2">Shin’s bloodred eyes opened. He blinked twice, then a third time, and craned his head to look around. It was clear he didn’t grasp the situation he was in. As she sat beside his cramped, simple pipe bed and watched over him, Alice pondered that it only made sense he’d react this way. She snapped the hardcover book in her hands shut and called out to him.</p>
<p>“You awake, Nouzen?”</p>
<p>“…Captain.”</p>
<p>He replied with a raspy voice, but his tone and gaze were thankfully lucid. Apparently, he didn’t take any fatal damage to his brain. He placed a hand on his faded sheets and pushed himself up. Recognizing that he was in his room in the old, prefab barracks, he turned to her with an apprehensive gaze.</p>
<p>“…Why?”</p>
<p>“Yeah, I’d figured you wouldn’t remember. The Legion’s long-distance units… The Skorpion types’ bombardment blew you away, and you fainted. The Legion employ artillery support from their back lines when they retreat. They haven’t been mobilized ever since you joined, but…apparently, they’re active now. So now you know that even if the Legion start falling back, you can’t afford to be careless.”</p>
<p>The Skorpion types were the Legion’s artillery units, armed with 155 mm projectile cannons. They always stayed hidden deep within the Legion’s territories, and Alice had never actually seen one. After all…</p>
<p>“Skorpion types have a range of thirty to forty <em>kilometers</em>. They’re well outside the Juggernaut’s detection range. We don’t know if they’re there until they start shooting.”</p>
<p>Modern weaponry has an astoundingly wide range. Even a short tank turret meant for close-range engagements can fire two kilometers in any direction, and depending on the type of ammunition used, a Howitzer can hit a target as far as forty kilometers away.</p>
<p>An attack that reaches from far outside the range of what one can see on the surface. From a range one inexperienced with combat can’t even begin to imagine.</p>
<p>Alice and the Eighty-Six weren’t given an artillery weapon with an equal range, so if a Skorpion appeared, it was always outside the range of their Juggernauts’ 57 mm cannon, and they were helpless in the face of the enemy’s bombardment.</p>
<p>“And you can’t tell…?” Shin asked.</p>
<p>“Well, based on how many Ameise are around, we can probably hazard a guess.”</p>
<p>The Legion couldn’t see forty kilometers ahead, either. Even the most advanced optical sensor couldn’t detect something hidden far beyond the horizon. Since the long-distance units couldn’t confirm their trajectories or align their sights on their own, they required the aid of Observer Units deployed near the bombardment site.</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>But this was a bit too much for a newcomer to the battlefield to understand. Shin fell into a pensive, seemingly confused silence.</p>
<p>“Either way, I’m glad you’re okay… Or that’s what I’d normally say, but…”</p>
<p>Shin looked up into Alice’s eyes, and she examined his features in turn. His cheeks still had the round contours of an infant, and he had white bandages just above his brow and around his slender arms. And there were other bruises and lacerations all over his body, too many to cover.</p>
<p>“You’re being too reckless… How many times do I have to tell you? Stop trying to fight the Legion by yourself.”</p>
<p>All his injuries were fresh from today’s battle. Some of them were from when he was blown back by the Skorpion fire, but he got most of them before that happened.</p>
<p>He’d closed in too much on a Grauwolf and evaded one of its high-frequency blades. And while he did avoid a direct hit, the blade still skimmed against his cockpit block and shattered an optical screen. Its fragments went flying around the cockpit block and rained all over him.</p>
<p>It’d been a month since Shin was stationed in her squadron. And while he single-handedly put in the kind of work one would never expect from a fledgling, he regularly broke formation during battles and challenged the Legion all on his own. His actions were absurdly dangerous.</p>
<p>Alice could only sigh nervously. She had to scold him about that during every single debriefing session, but he never listened.</p>
<p>“We fight the Legion as coordinated units. Here in the Eighty-Sixth Sector, there’s no need for glory. No one cares if you get the first kill or if you beat an enemy one-on-one. Recklessness is tantamount to suicide. Cooperate with your squad mates.”</p>
<p>“…If I disturb the Legion’s lines, it’ll give my squad mates openings to exploit.”</p>
<p>“Maybe it will, but those aren’t stunts you can pull off in that walking coffin.”</p>
<p>The Juggernaut’s aluminum-alloy armor was too thin and flimsy. Even its sturdiest part, the frontal armor, couldn’t withstand machine-gun fire. In the end, all they could do was dodge the Legion’s attacks, but the Juggernaut’s mobility was far inferior to theirs. So while they might have been able to avoid attacks from a safe distance, they wouldn’t be able to dodge any more in melee range if the enemy had them in their sights.</p>
<p>“But—” Shin tried to press the argument with uncharacteristic persistence.</p>
<p>“Nouzen,” Alice cut him off with a low voice.</p>
<p>Apparently, this was one hill he was willing to die on. And he likely did it out of a genuine desire to protect his squad mates. But Alice wasn’t willing to budge on this, either. Not ever.</p>
<p>“That’s enough. I don’t want any of my squad mates to have to live with the guilt of having a friend die so they could survive.”</p>
<p>The shame and cowardice of living on because someone sacrificed themselves for you. And Alice hadn’t lost her pride yet. She wasn’t the kind of shameful person who’d let the youngest fledgling take the fall for her.</p>
<p>“Or are you actually trying to kill yourself? Because let me tell you right now, there’s no place in my unit for—”</p>
<p>“I can’t die.”</p>
<p>This time, it was Shin who cut into her words. His tone was unusually sharp, a contrast to his usual quiet attitude. Alice fell silent and simply watched him for a moment. He turned his crimson gaze downward, refusing to meet hers.</p>
<p>“I can’t afford to die. Not yet. So…I won’t.”</p>
<p>His eyes and tone were terribly stiff. It was like he was talking out of a sense of duty, but there was a dark, tragic tinge to it.</p>
<p>Like he was speaking of his resolve. Of his obsession.</p>
<p>“Does that…”—the question left Alice’s lips before she could stop herself—“…have something to do with that…scar on your neck?”</p>
<p>She could see Shin hold his breath for a moment. He quickly put his hand to his throat, groping it, and when he realized he couldn’t feel the bandages, his crimson eyes widened. Alice pursed her red lips nervously. That gesture alone evoked more than any number of words ever could.</p>
<p>Guren had told her about it before.</p>
<p><em>I bet there’s a story behind what happened to his neck.</em></p>
<p><em>There’s an emotion coiled around his throat…like a collar, or a chain, choking him beneath those bandages.</em></p>
<p>But it wasn’t something as simple as an emotion. His pale, slender neck had a jagged, twining, blood-colored bruise. The scar made it seem as if his head had been severed and then stitched back into place. Whatever happened to him had clearly been done out of malice. It was a hard scar to look at.</p>
<p>Alice noticed his wide, red eyes looking up at her. Feeling her gaze meet with these frozen eyes, Alice was taken aback. He was terrified. This boy, who didn’t show the slightest bit of fear or dread at the sight of his friend’s death or the intensity of the battlefield, stared at her with more fear than she’d ever seen him display before.</p>
<p>He was afraid of being asked about it. Afraid of remembering it. Afraid…to speak of it.</p>
<p>“Aaah, I’m sorry.” Alice hurriedly backed down. “That was wrong of me. I didn’t mean to look.”</p>
<p>He’d gone unconscious, and after loosening his clothes, she was the one who’d taken off the bandages, since she thought they might be choking him. (The Republic didn’t send doctors, because this was a battlefield of drones, and they were humanoid pigs.)</p>
<p>She didn’t mean to see it, but she did. It was clearly something he didn’t want other people to notice.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry. I figured you could put them on after waking up, but I shouldn’t have asked… Wait, don’t do that!”</p>
<p>Apparently, Shin wasn’t listening to her. He tightened his fingers, which covered his throat. His nails were digging into the scar. Realizing this, Alice took his hand. Gently, so as to not surprise or scare him. And upon confirming he wasn’t resisting her grip, she softly pulled his hand away from his neck.</p>
<p>Though he was no longer trying to harm himself, his breathing remained quick and shallow. It felt like he was still caught in the icy grip of panic. His youthful features were stiff and pale as a sheet, and his pupils were contracted.</p>
<p>His frozen gaze was peering into the past, and he couldn’t see the reality before him.</p>
<p>“…Nouzen.”</p>
<p>He didn’t respond.</p>
<p>“Nouzen. Look at me.”</p>
<p>Still no response… Maybe being called by his last name didn’t quite register for him.</p>
<p><em>“Shin.”</em></p>
<p>His eyes, which were fixed on one spot in space, wavered ever so slightly. He’d turned his attention to her, if only slightly. Grasping that chance, Alice continued to speak, taking care to keep her voice as calm and collected as possible.</p>
<p>“Shin. Look at me. You’re safe now. Look at me.”</p>
<p>She repeated those words, gently gripping his hands. After a while…a considerable amount of time, his small, tense body finally relaxed.</p>
<p>He closed his eyes and exhaled, speaking at the same time.</p>
<p>“…I’m sorry.”</p>
<p>“It’s fine,” Alice said, shaking her head vaguely.</p>
<p>Mentioning his scar carelessly had been a mistake on her part. He shouldn’t have to apologize.</p>
<p>“I just…felt a little sick, that’s all. It’s got nothing to do with the scar.”</p>
<p>The way he said it made Alice realize something. The way he was hiding his scar, the way he was afraid others might see it… It wasn’t just that he didn’t want people prying or that he didn’t want to remember it.</p>
<p class="space-break1">He didn’t want the person who’d left the grizzly scar to be blamed for it. Even despite them intentionally doing so.</p>
<p class="space-break1">In which case…</p>
<p>Alice briskly undid the scarf around her neck. Spreading both hands out, she extended them over his shoulders and put the scarf around Shin’s neck. After tying a gentle knot, she let go of his body.</p>
<p>Shin stiffened as she did this. She’d leaned over him, as if in embrace. But upon feeling the soft sensation around his throat, Shin blinked once. He looked down, gently pinching the thin, azure fabric in a youthful gesture.</p>
<p>“This way, you can hide it a bit more casually without people asking questions. The bandages just look too painful.”</p>
<p>It was like a silent way of saying there was some kind of injury under them.</p>
<p>“…It doesn’t hurt, though.”</p>
<p>“Yes. But…,” Alice said, thinking back to what she just saw.</p>
<p>She honestly couldn’t understand the way Shin felt. Someone had hurt him badly enough to leave such a lasting, painful scar on his throat. And his heart was wounded by it, too. Someone just looking at the scar sent him tumbling into a flashback. And still, he insisted on not blaming the person who did this to him. Alice couldn’t imagine feeling the same way.</p>
<p>Nonetheless.</p>
<p>“…you don’t want it to attract attention or for people to see it, right? You don’t want them to blame whoever did this to you, and you don’t want others to blame them, either. You want to protect that person, right?”</p>
<p>This must have been how this boy felt. That was the impression she got.</p>
<p>“…!”</p>
<p>Those words made Shin look up at her again. For a moment… For one single moment, those emotionless bloodred eyes wavered so much that it looked like he might burst into tears. Alice gazed back into them and smiled. As if to say he could cry if he needed to, but at the same time, pretending like she didn’t notice the miserable way his tears refused to run.</p>
<p>“That’s my apology for looking. You can keep it… It’s a really good scarf, you know. Take good care of it.”</p>
<p>“But…doesn’t it mean a lot to you, Captain? You always have it on…”</p>
<p>“Oh, don’t worry about that. Back when I joined my first squadron, my old captain gave it to me. I had this bad habit…”</p>
<p>She twisted her finger like a talon and motioned it over her throat.</p>
<p>“I’d keep scratching my neck like this. So they figured maybe I wouldn’t scratch at myself so much if I had something around my neck.”</p>
<p>It was a habit she developed after her little brother passed away. He had been taken by disease, and his death had been anything but peaceful. She formed the tic of scratching herself raw whenever she thought about it. Her captain couldn’t bear to see it and gave her the scarf that was his trademark. Said captain was a pilot candidate in the Republic Air Force. They’d been left in the battlefield after becoming an Eighty-Six, and that scarf was one of the last personal belongings they had.</p>
<p>It was said that in the past, when all one could rely on to detect the enemy was their own eyes, fighter pilots would wear scarfs. Not on a whim, but because turning one’s head would make one’s neck rub against their uniform’s collar. It was truly a piece of essential equipment for the pilots of the time.</p>
<p>But after radar towers and jet airplanes became the main aerial force—and especially after the Legion stole air superiority away from the human race—it became nothing more than a symbol of longing for the past or a lucky charm at best.</p>
<p><em>So if nothing else, it could be useful for keeping you safe from your own guilt.</em></p>
<p>It had been a memento for her ever since. Her old captain finished their term in that unit and moved on to the Spearhead squadron, the first defensive unit of the eastern front’s first ward. A place where the fighting was at its most savage. One of the most lethal wards in the Eighty-Sixth Sector, which consumed millions of lives.</p>
<p>“It’s already helped me long enough. So from now on, it’ll keep you safe.”</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a003">1</h1>
<p class="noindent">After a while, his complexion returned to normal, and he’d regained his usual, calm demeanor. Alice took this chance to ask:</p>
<p>“Think you can eat something? It’s almost time for dinner.”</p>
<p class="space-break2">Even the barracks for the subhuman Eighty-Six had some basic facilities. After all, the Republic saw the Processors as no more than parts of a drone, so letting them waste away before they were of use in battle would be counterproductive.</p>
<p>Their dining hall had what could perhaps be described as the world’s most pathetic kitchen, but it did have minimal infrastructure. The prefabricated barracks’ aged dining hall probably had a crack somewhere, because a cold breeze always blew through it, making the place a bit chilly.</p>
<p>As Alice led Shin through the rectangular entrance to the dining hall, Guren, who was standing in the kitchen, looked their way. He glanced at Alice, blinking his blue eyes doubtfully, and then he turned his gaze to Shin and cocked an eyebrow. Alice wasn’t sure what he was surprised about at first, but then she realized. The scarf.</p>
<p>“I see the munchkin came to. That’s good.”</p>
<p>“Yes. I’m sorry if I made you worry, Chief Mechanic.”</p>
<p>“You better. Nouzen, for the love of God, would you stop abusing your Juggernaut like that? The parts that got blown off are one thing, but your suspension system’s rattling again.”</p>
<p>“…I’m sorry.” Shin seemed to recoil from his words at first, but he managed that reply.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Alice realized something. Apparently, he was bad with older people. Like other child soldiers in their later teens or members of the maintenance crew in their early twenties, like Guren. She did notice she’d never seen him approach or talk to older squad members unless they talked to him first.</p>
<p>Male Processors had a higher survival rate thanks to their stamina, and girls like Alice, who survived well beyond their life expectancy, were rare. Maybe that was why he looked so isolated here. The other fledgling boys his age had all died weeks ago.</p>
<p>Guren, who’d pointed this out from the very beginning, shrugged at Shin’s reactions, showing he didn’t particularly mind.</p>
<p>“So, Chef. What’s for dinner?” Alice asked him jokingly, eyeing the apron he wore over his coverall.</p>
<p>“Well, Princess, today’s luxury cuisine will include a stew of our proud homeland’s delectable synthesized rations, with a side of stirred synthesized rations. Please anticipate a meal of a truly otherworldly flavor.”</p>
<p>As Guren spoke, he lifted an aluminum plate that had four blocks of what looked like clay resting on them. This was the synthesized food made every day by the base’s attached production plant. In contrast to Guren’s embellished description, the only food the Eighty-Six were provided were bland-looking bricks of sustenance, and they only came in one variety.</p>
<p>As Shin listened to their jovial exchange, he smiled a bit. It was a truly small smile, and one that didn’t come across in his voice, but it was enough to make Alice widen her eyes in surprise.</p>
<p>She couldn’t recall ever seeing him smile before. Maybe he finally relaxed a little, for the first time this month.</p>
<p>The only natural thing served in this kitchen was a pot of tea, made by boiling grass growing in the area in place of tea leaves. They both accepted mugs of tea and found empty seats by the long table. Since the synthesized food they got doubled as combat rations, it didn’t need to be cooked, and there was no real need for the Processors to eat it at a set time or in a group.</p>
<p>But unless one was extremely misanthropic, most Processors preferred eating three meals a day with their friends. And since the synthesized rations they got didn’t even look like food, they did prefer to try to “cook” it into something that at least looked edible, if only for decency’s sake.</p>
<p>The Eighty-Six were regarded as subhuman livestock, and so the Republic didn’t think they required anything as cultured as cooking. The fodder they’d get would only be good for the pragmatic purpose of providing them with the nutrients needed to work. But if they were to obediently accept the Republic’s will like that, the Eighty-Six really would become nothing more than weapon components.</p>
<p>And so as meaningless as it may pragmatically be, Guren sliced their food up into more presentable shapes and arranged the plates with cutlery. That was his modest form of resistance. The most they could really do in their pathetic excuse of a kitchen was boil water, but they did try to serve tea and coffee substitutes and make an effort to somehow spruce up their meals.</p>
<p>As part of that effort, Guren poured some kind of brown sauce onto the synthesized food blocks. That was new. It gave off a sweet scent, and Shin dipped his fork into it once or twice before carrying it to his lips. He then chewed…and stiffened awkwardly.</p>
<p>“…Well, he can try to improve the taste all he wants, but goop’s still goop,” Alice said with a lukewarm smile.</p>
<p>Yes. This synthesized food didn’t just look bad; it also tasted like sludge. After five years in the internment camps and the battlefield, the Eighty-Six had grown begrudgingly used to this flavor. And yet the fact that one could still, after all these years, be flabbergasted all over again by how bad it tasted was impressive in its own way.</p>
<p>It tasted like…nothing. Like something that didn’t even remotely register as food. Owing to its shape, most people described it as tasting like plastic explosives. And maybe that was accurate. It was somehow this miraculous harmony of both the taste of plastic and the flavor of explosives. A vile, gag-inducing sort of harmony.</p>
<p>Incidentally, real plastic explosives are apparently mildly sweet, but they’re toxic and lethal when consumed. Alice was grateful to not be acquainted with any idiots foolhardy or desperate enough to actually taste them.</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>Shin chewed on the nonfood in his mouth with an odd, dubious expression and then managed to gulp it down with some tea before finally giving his opinion.</p>
<p>“…It tasting bad is nothing new, but… Hmm, today’s seasoning is especially…”</p>
<p>Alice also carried a bit of it to her lips and fell silent for a moment.</p>
<p>“…I think I see. The sauce goes with it so well that it actually makes it worse. What kind of flavoring is this anyway? I don’t know this seasoning.”</p>
<p>“Soy sauce and sugar!” someone called out from the kitchen, prompting Alice to wince.</p>
<p>“More strange stuff…? How does it taste?”</p>
<p>Shin cocked his head curiously. It was truly a childish gesture, a reminder that he really was a boy in his early teens.</p>
<p>“Speaking of, where do these seasonings come from? The production plants only make synthesized food, and I don’t think the air transports deliver them, either…”</p>
<p>Alice blinked for a moment. Didn’t she tell him already?</p>
<p>“Oh… I guess we haven’t gone there since you joined… Actually, near the edge of the Sector, there are some abandoned city ruins. So we get it from the storerooms of the shops and houses there.”</p>
<p>“…?”</p>
<p>He didn’t seem to understand and instead tilted his head the other way.</p>
<p>“When they evacuated the civilians after the war started, it was done in haste. There’s a lot of things they left behind. And in city ruins, you can find all sorts of canned, lasting groceries.”</p>
<p>Seeing him raise his head in surprise, Alice couldn’t help but smile. That flavorless goop must be really bad if it got even this indifferent boy to ask for something else.</p>
<p>“But we don’t get to go foraging there that often… I’m sure you understand by now, but patrol duties in the Eighty-Sixth Sector take up the whole day.”</p>
<p>The Legion had a way of avoiding radar detection, so the Eighty-Six had to spend their days patrolling to avoid any surprise attacks.</p>
<p>“So eventually, we’ll have to teach you how to hunt and cut animals, too… But that’s how we have this whatever sauce.”</p>
<p>In addition to wild rabbits, deer, and boars, the Eighty-Sixth Sector had feral chickens, pigs, and cows that had escaped farms. Birds and rabbits were relatively easy to catch, but all the Eighty-Six and the maintenance crew had to pitch in when it came to hunting and skinning bigger game. Thinking back to those occasions, Alice curled her lips up into a bittersweet smile.</p>
<p>“…I wish I could have had the other fledglings taste it, too… All people at the camps have is synthesized food, right?”</p>
<p>Since the internment camps were covered in minefields and barbed wire, even wild animals couldn’t sneak inside, and all the edible plants had been depleted during the early days of the internment. Children like Shin, who’d been in the camps since they were young, might have no memories of eating a decent meal.</p>
<p>Shin couldn’t directly answer Alice’s words of regret. Instead, he looked around the relatively quiet dining hall and its many empty seats and whispered:</p>
<p>“…There’s a lot less of us now.”</p>
<p>“Yeah.”</p>
<p>They’d lost two more in today’s battle, reducing their original squad of twenty-four Processors to a mere twelve. They’d gotten to the point where their squad would either need more people or a reorganization.</p>
<p>“That’s inevitable. The fighting in this ward is pretty savage.”</p>
<p>Combat with the Legion was never easy, but the battles in some sectors were more relentless than others. The Thirty-Fifth Sector was one such battlefield. But Alice bit her lip as soon as she said that. She had just treated those deaths like everyday occurrences… How could she say something like that?</p>
<p>“…No, that’s not true. It wasn’t inevitable.”</p>
<p>People dying is never inevitable. Kids who were Alice’s age fighting and dying gruesome deaths couldn’t be inevitable. How could anyone say it was?</p>
<p>“Captain?”</p>
<p>“Sorry. It’s not inevitable. They all survived this far, and each and every one of them was a world in their own right. Losing those lives can’t be inevitable.”</p>
<p>Even if thinking that they were might make it easier to survive in this battlefield. Maybe becoming so worn down and desensitized to the point of complete numbness would be a blessing. But even so…</p>
<p>“They were your friends. People you never wanted to lose… I’m sorry.”</p>
<p>“Don’t be…” Shin shook his head slowly, and then he looked up at her, like he’d decided on something. “Captain… If you could predict when the Skorpion types are there…”</p>
<p>Surprised by the sudden change in topic, Alice stared back at him blankly as Shin continued speaking desperately.</p>
<p>“If you could predict the raids… If you could tell what the Legion are going to do, would that make it so the rest of the unit doesn’t have to die…?”</p>
<p>Alice blinked in surprise a few times before cracking a cynical smile.</p>
<p>“If we could somehow do that, maybe.”</p>
<p>But if they could do that, Alice and honestly any of the other Eighty-Six who’d come before them would have done so a long time ago. Shin looked like he was about to vehemently say something else, but she held up a hand to stop him.</p>
<p>“…Mm. Sorry, but I got a transmission from Command. Tell me about it some other time.”</p>
<p>Shin still seemed keen on saying something else, but he nodded and stepped down.</p>
<p>“…Yes.”</p>
<p class="space-break2">Alice cut off their conversation and left the dining hall quickly because the other person had activated the Para-RAID one-sidedly. She didn’t want Shin to hear her exchange with them. She didn’t want him to hear her cold voice.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“…Took you long enough to respond, sow.”</span></strong></p>
<p>“Apologies, Handler One. It was crowded in there.”</p>
<p>The overbearing voice on the other side of the Resonance was their commanding officer, a Republic soldier, tucked safely away inside the walls.</p>
<p>The Para-RAID was a communications device that used the collective unconscious to transmit one’s senses and speech. Obstacles like distance, physical impediments, and electromagnetic interference were powerless in the face of this groundbreaking technology.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“Crowded? It sounded to me like you were toying around with a cute little puppy. A bit too small to drag into bed, though, don’t you think? Or were you thinking of breaking him in early?”</span></strong></p>
<p>“You’re trash,” Alice spat out.</p>
<p>The officer cackled pleasantly. Teasing a dog from a distance where it couldn’t bite you was probably the best pastime he could ask for.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“Talking down to me when I’m kind enough to give you an update? Bold… There’s signs of a Legion advance group on the move. They’ll probably launch another attack soon, so wipe them out as soon as you detect them.”</span></strong></p>
<p>A chill overcame Alice as she retorted:</p>
<p>“…Wait. What about the Processor reinforcements I requested? Our number of combatants is down to less than half. A force our size can’t—”</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“Stop acting spoiled, you sow. Your numbers are only dwindling because you couldn’t hope to efficiently take down the Legion even if your worthless lives depend on it. Do you really expect human beings to waste their time on inferior stains like you?”</span></strong></p>
<p>Alice nearly dared him to actually try to lead them for once and see what would really happen, but she managed to stop herself. After leaving all the combat to the Eighty-Six and shutting themselves off behind the walls, the Republic had absolutely no intent of fighting this war. And despite it being his duty and job, this Handler wouldn’t bother actually commanding them in battle.</p>
<p>It’d be for the best if he didn’t Resonate to begin with. Hearing a Handler laugh as they watched her friends die like it were some kind of action movie was a humiliation Alice had already experienced before. And if she could help it, she’d rather not go through that again. Not ever.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“Your answer, sow.”</span></strong></p>
<p>“—Roger that, sir.”</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a004">0</h1>
<p class="noindent">The Thirty-Fifth Sector’s first defensive unit, the Halberd squadron, never returned from that dispatch.</p>
<p>But that was an ordinary occurrence in the Eighty-Sixth Sector. The hangar stood empty and hollow, with all the Juggernauts it housed just a day ago now gone. Looking around the barren, vacant hangar, Guren sighed heavily.</p>
<p>What he wouldn’t give for a smoke right about now. Especially at times like these. But of course, this being a battlefield for humanoid pigs, no one delivered those kinds of goods here.</p>
<p>This was a battlefield of certain death. The Eighty-Six’s only lot in life was to fight and die. So at this point, seeing others die shouldn’t even be painful anymore. It felt like a foregone conclusion. At least, it did to the big, proud Alba safely behind the walls.</p>
<p>Sliding along the pillar he was leaning against, he sank to the concrete floor.</p>
<p>“God fucking dammit…”</p>
<p>Back when the war first started, he would sit in front of all the maintenance records, tormenting himself over if he and his crew had made some kind of mistake. But he’d stopped by now. And he’d long since given up on trying to come up with some kind of modification that might make those aluminum coffins any safer.</p>
<p>Back then, he couldn’t help but ask himself if there wasn’t anything more he could do to help those who died… If, perhaps, they could have changed things. But no longer.</p>
<p>There was no such thing he could ever do. He’d realized that by now. After seeing all those deaths, all those bodies piled up before him with such offhanded ease, it’d driven that realization into his heart like a stake.</p>
<p>We are powerless. We don’t have the strength to overturn even one iota of this fate forced upon us. And the Eighty-Six, being the inhuman lowlifes that they are, aren’t allowed to so much as have the privilege of thinking they can.</p>
<p>Hearing the fidgety footsteps of a pair of safety boots, the maintenance-team members sluggishly raised their heads. Their faces were unshaven from when they’d realized no one was coming back that morning. One of the crew members ran into the hangar from the entrance leading to the barracks.</p>
<p>“Guren,” he said.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>