<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86 [Eighty-Six]</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:cc563b23-4abb-4e26-8709-2e582ab82951" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter008">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter008">CHAPTER 2</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter008">FRAGMENTAL NEOTENY: MISERICORDE</a></h1>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a001">3</h1>
<p class="noindent">He drew the pistol from the holster on his right leg and used his left hand to move the slide. With this one, he didn’t have to worry about the safety. It was a double-action pistol, but pulling the slide back cocked the hammer.</p>
<p>With the power of a string, the slide popped back into place, drawing the first bullet from the cartridge and loading it into the chamber. This series of actions turned the pistol from an 845-gram lump of metal to a tool for manslaughter.</p>
<p>At the end of the barrel were the front and rear sights. By looking between them, he could see his comrades littering the battlefield.</p>
<p>Isuka couldn’t call this a weapon.</p>
<p>After all, an automatic pistol wasn’t something the Eighty-Six could aim at their enemies, the Legion. No, this weapon had only one role.</p>
<p>To kill his fellow Eighty-Six.</p>
<p>He unceremoniously fired his gun. Three shots, certain to meet their marks. Since this gun was built to be portable, its barrel was short, making it a pistol with unreliable penetrating force and accuracy. But when aimed at a target lying at one’s feet, it wouldn’t miss.</p>
<p>Nor would any of its bullets stray and hit the idiot right next to the target. That one had gone to the trouble of dragging a dying moron out of their Juggernaut into the open.</p>
<p>The boy likely had no idea what Isuka was doing when he’d drawn a pistol on their dying friend. He stared at the fluid hand motion of him cocking the gun in what bordered on curiosity, his bloodred eyes widening as blood began pooling over the concrete.</p>
<p>He likely didn’t know that once the heart stopped, blood didn’t spurt out of the body anymore. He probably didn’t realize this person had just died.</p>
<p>“Wha…?” the boy uttered.</p>
<p>“Next time, don’t pick anyone up like this, Shin,” Isuka said bluntly, looking down at him.</p>
<p>With the pistol having performed its task, he set the hammer back into place and holstered it. The battle with the Legion was over, it seemed. Even if there was a bullet left in the chamber, it wouldn’t matter.</p>
<p>The child soldier sitting on the ground continued gazing blankly at the fresh corpse sprawled next to him on the ground. It only made sense he’d be dumbfounded. Despite his small physique, even for an eleven-year-old, he’d dragged an older, heavier Processor out of his unit. And Isuka had casually rendered all his toiling into wasted effort.</p>
<p>Or maybe he was just pointlessly shocked at the sight of seeing someone die. Isuka didn’t really know. He’d long since cast away that kind of sentimentality, so he could only hazard a guess.</p>
<p>After looking up at him for a moment, Shin gradually contorted those distinctive bloodred eyes into a reproachful, accusatory gaze. They were the color unique to a noble Rubela bloodline—the despicable Pyropes of the Empire’s nobility. Beautiful crimson, ruby eyes.</p>
<p>“…Why?”</p>
<p>“Ha.” Isuka breathed out indifferently, curling his lips up into a smirk, as if to say the very question was absurd.</p>
<p>But then suddenly, Isuka roughly reached for Shin’s slender throat.</p>
<p>“…!”</p>
<p>In the two weeks since Shin had been assigned to his squadron, Isuka had learned that Shin hated when people reached for his throat and reacted viscerally when someone touched it. Isuka didn’t know the reason, and he honestly didn’t care. All he knew was that it was a convenient way of keeping the boy under control.</p>
<p>Taking advantage of Shin freezing up, he grabbed him by the collar and pulled him down, showing him the corpse. This Processor’s legs, which had certainly been there before they sortied that day, had been ripped off. And he forced Shin to look at the gruesome wound.</p>
<p>Shin swallowed nervously, and Isuka whispered into his ear.</p>
<p>“I’ll tell you why, so listen up, moron. People have these things called veins and arteries. Guess newbies like you never went to school, so you don’t know. Anyway, they’re these thick blood vessels.”</p>
<p>All the new child soldiers who were sent to Isuka’s squad—the fifth ward’s second defensive unit, Stiletto—were all kids who’d been thrown into the internment camps five years ago, when they were seven or eight years old. There were no human schools in a pigsty for subhumans. Which meant kids at Shin’s age, who were only entering their teen years now, never got a proper education.</p>
<p>Isuka didn’t care for that, but some of the education they lacked included vital knowledge. And he’d seen plenty of idiots who’d lash out at him over this kind of sentimentality. He kept talking, throwing a venomous gaze in the direction of their squad mates, where the ones in charge of teaching the newbies were.</p>
<p>“And those blood vessels run through the arms and legs. So if those blood vessels tear…”</p>
<p>When a blood vessel circulating large amounts of blood is damaged, it leads to a lot of blood leaking out of the body.</p>
<p>“…people die. If not on the spot, then soon after that. Painfully. That’s why…”</p>
<p class="space-break1"><em>…we put them out of their misery.</em></p>
<p class="space-break1">After spitting out those words, as if to etch them into the boy’s mind, he pushed him away. Isuka was eighteen, and Shin was eleven, so their physiques and strength were all too different. Shin helplessly fell with his hands sinking into the blood puddle, then he looked up at Isuka gravely. Desperately.</p>
<p>“But if him bleeding out was the reason, we could have stopped the blood. If we treated him, we could have saved…!”</p>
<p>Isuka couldn’t help but laugh at his thoughtlessness. Such a dumb, unperceptive brat. Didn’t he understand? The other squad mates looking on didn’t step in to stop Isuka. They watched indifferently, like it was some kind of boring spectacle they’d already seen countless times over.</p>
<p>“Treating him…? You think there’s medical treatment in the Eighty-Sixth Sector?”</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>There were no military physicians in this hell. After all, it was a “humanitarian” battlefield, where “drones” did all the fighting instead of humans. A battlefield of zero casualties—where only pigs in human form died in place of people—had no need for doctors or military hospitals.</p>
<p>Of course, it would be a problem if Processors couldn’t participate in battle because of nonlethal injuries, and so each of the frontline bases had automated machines called medical units. But those only treated light injuries—injuries that wouldn’t prevent one from returning to active duty. And any wounds that weren’t critical and only required rest and recuperation were written off as non-life-threatening and otherwise ignored.</p>
<p>As Shin said, if they could have stopped the bleeding and treated this Processor, perhaps he would have recovered. As unlucky of an idiot as he’d been, it had been, in truth, quite possible to save him.</p>
<p>…At least, <em>it would’ve been</em>, were the Eighty-Six still considered human.</p>
<p>Feeling that oddly sentimental thought rake over his mind, Isuka clicked his tongue. Disgusting. Talking to Shin reminded him of emotions he was better off forgetting.</p>
<p>With that comment, which was too casual to sound like a sneer, he glared down at Shin’s bloodred eyes and said:</p>
<p>“If you still don’t understand, I’ll explain it one more time, brat. We Eighty-Six are pigs in human form. We’re not human. So don’t bring up sensibilities from when you were human ever again, or else…”</p>
<p>He turned around, stomping on the puddle. The Eighty-Six had no graves, and so they couldn’t retrieve any corpses. That was one limitation the Republic’s white pigs forced on them, but Isuka was actually grateful for it.</p>
<p>The Eighty-Six need no graves. They depart for battle with nothing but their aluminum coffins and absolutely no support, and each time, they die meaninglessly. That’s their lot in life. Digging them graves and mourning them…would only dredge up the kinds of emotions they lost when their humanity was taken from them. And if he did that…</p>
<p class="space-break1">“…you’ll die.”</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a002">2</h1>
<p class="noindent">Upon suddenly hearing the sound of splashing water from outside the barracks, Isuka stopped in the middle of the corridor. Looking out the first-story window, he saw the youngest Processor in the squadron standing like a wet mouse for some reason in the square in front of the barracks.</p>
<p>A large bucket’s worth of water had been dumped over his head. Mirei, a fellow Processor, threw away said bucket and mouthed a clearly fake, hypocritical apology.</p>
<p>“Oh, sorry about that, Shin. I slipped.”</p>
<p>This bucket had been placed in front of the hangar to gather water a few days ago when it was raining hard. It’d been left unattended in the hangar for days. No amount of carelessness would have gotten that bucket to the front of the barracks, where it would splash all over Shin.</p>
<p>Mirei continued his disingenuous apologies to Shin, his violet eyes watching him like a cat toying with a mouse, while the other Processors and maintenance crew looked on all around them, some of them sneering, others indifferent.</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>Shin wiped the filthy water off himself. He didn’t seem bothered by it, but mostly tired. He’d gotten used to this after that many times. Being splashed with water in the early-spring chill, finding razors hidden on his room’s doorknob, approaching his bed only to discover it drenched with muddy water, seeing the words <em>walking plague</em> and <em>traitor</em> scribbled on his Juggernaut…</p>
<p>He looked up at this person, who was standing a head taller than him, with scorn and cruelty that felt unnatural for an eleven-year-old boy.</p>
<p>“You don’t have to apologize… You’ll probably forget about it and do the same thing to me in five seconds anyway. You’re as dumb as a chicken.”</p>
<p>Birdbrained, forgetful, only knows how to clamor and cower even when he clucks around with the rest of his group… Nothing more than <em>livestock</em> that obeys its master.</p>
<p>“…What did you say?”</p>
<p>Mirei’s expression darkened. He was exactly the way Shin described him. Single-minded, foulmouthed, and only capable of parroting curse words he’d heard from others. Seeing he was about to give Shin an earful like always, Isuka turned to leave.</p>
<p>If it was a brawl, well, he couldn’t have them injure each other and would need to step in. But despite his size and youthful appearance, Shin was quite strong. He knew where to aim and how to apply his strength, and he didn’t hesitate to punch people. Even with that difference in physique, Mirei was likely in for some pain. That was why neither Mirei nor his cronies, despite being angry, actually dared to raise a hand to him.</p>
<p>Maybe Shin had learned how to defend himself when he was picked on like this in the internment camps or in one of his former squadrons. Or maybe someone who’d sheltered him taught him how to fight on a whim.</p>
<p>At some point, Isuka’s squadron’s machine gunner, Ruliya, observed the argument and spoke. She was a petite, skinny girl, roughly the same size as Shin despite being five years his senior, and had a timid face.</p>
<p>Outside the window were the same old swear words, shouted at Shin one-sidedly. The same old words. <em>Pest. Vermin. Coward who only survived by hiding behind his friends. Combat freak. Imperial dog. Traitor.</em></p>
<p>There were rumors going around about how the two squadrons he’d been in so far were all wiped out—and how he fought in a way that didn’t fit his age and experience. People would also criticize the colors of his eyes and hair.</p>
<p>“Isn’t it about time you stepped in, Isuka?”</p>
<p>“If it bothers you that much, why don’t you step in instead, Ruliya?” Isuka replied curtly.</p>
<p>Ruliya winced, and Isuka turned around and looked down at her. The corridor hadn’t been cleaned in a long time and was both covered in dust and cluttered with objects. A stench wafted up from the lower level’s unused kitchen.</p>
<p>“Ever since he showed up, you’ve just been watching from the sidelines while acting like some kind of saint… Guess it’s good for you. This way, you don’t have to be the one sipping on mud or being fed insects.”</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>Her expression stiffened, and she fell silent. Ruliya’s dark skin was proof of her heritage as a mixed Deseria. They were a minority in the Republic and were a small ethnic group even within the Eighty-Six. The grand majority of the Republic’s population were Alba even before the war. But most of them, even the Eighty-Six, had the fair skin of the Vespertina.</p>
<p>For example, Isuka had a Celena’s silver hair and the golden eyes of a Heliodor, and yet he still had the same pale skin color. Mirei had Viola roots, his friends were of Violidia and Ferruginea origin, and Shin was half Onyx, half Pyrope. These peoples all shared the Vespertina’s white skin.</p>
<p>But Ruliya, who had darker skin, stood out. Just like the Orientas with their ivory skin and the Meridiana with their black skin, the Deseria were “outsiders” who had not only a different eye and hair color, but also differed in skin tone. And as such, they were hated and ostracized in both in the internment camps and the frontline bases.</p>
<p>Just like how the majority of the Alba discriminated against the Eighty-Six, the majority of the Eighty-Six persecuted their own people, simply as a means of taking their frustrations with life out on another scapegoat.</p>
<p>And the most hated of all were the noble Imperial races, the two races that were involved in the Imperial bloodline of the Giadian Empire, which had started this war. The Onyxes and the Pyropes. No one considered those two races as fellow Eighty-Six or even as fellow Vespertina.</p>
<p>They were the descendants of the damnable enemy that had triggered this war, and the hate for them was second only to the Alba themselves. They were seen as offenders who carried some of the burden of the blame for the Eighty-Six’s fate, as outsiders to be hated and punished.</p>
<p>And through some odd twist of fate, Shin was from both Onyx and Pyrope blood. And so it was only natural that the belligerence of the Processors and maintenance crew shifted from Ruliya, who had been scapegoated purely because of her skin color, to Shin, who had the blood of the enemy running through his veins.</p>
<p>“He won’t have it as hard as you will anyway. Unlike you, he’s strong.”</p>
<p>Shin was skilled and capable, both in and out of the Juggernaut, and had enough wit to know how to painfully insult Mirei after just a few days. Everyone was afraid of him getting back at them, so they only hurled insults from a distance or harassed him in <em>little ways</em>. All they did was ostracize and ignore Shin, but they didn’t do much more.</p>
<p>Shin knew this, and if he’d need to, he wouldn’t hesitate to turn to violence. And he was seemingly getting fed up with reacting to the relatively harmless kinds of harassment, so he ignored them for the most part.</p>
<p>“Do you still wanna cover for him? For a kid with Imperial blood? You’ve got a heart of gold, Ruliya. Go on, then, help him. Do it now. Go break up that fight. Say, <em>Cut it out, you guys</em>.”</p>
<p><em>You know you can’t.</em></p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>Discord, hesitation, fear, and a hint of anger swirled for a moment in her reddish-brown eyes before she hung her head and fell silent.</p>
<p>“…A towel,” she eventually said.</p>
<p>As he stared at her, Ruliya averted her gaze awkwardly.</p>
<p>“If you just leave him wet like this, he could get sick. And if he breaks down, it’d be a problem for you, wouldn’t it? He’s your precious scapegoat, after all…”</p>
<p>After saying this spitefully, Ruliya turned around and left. Seeing her walk away, Isuka snickered. Was this her way of being snide?</p>
<p>“What are you saying? He’s a scapegoat for you, too.”</p>
<p>For him, for Ruliya, for the entirety of this base. Isuka knew all about the way Shin was being bullied, same as how he knew that Ruliya was being bullied before, and in both cases, he did nothing to stop it. At first, he even egged the others on, setting it up so this would happen.</p>
<p>Because if he didn’t, none of them would survive.</p>
<p>They rode in aluminum coffins that were poorly armored, lacking in firepower, and had weak suspension systems. To survive in those things, they needed perfect coordination and cooperation. And the easiest, most certain method of forming solidarity within a group…was to mark one member as everyone’s enemy.</p>
<p>Everyone would criticize, throw stones at, and ostracize that scapegoat, forming a common denominator and feeling of camaraderie that everyone—except for one of them—could share. They all opposed a common enemy, and that would brew a powerful binding effect in the group.</p>
<p>That was why Isuka always picked one of his squad members to serve as a scapegoat. That was how he was fighting this war. In most cases, it was the weakest, most burdensome member of the group. Someone with the type of conduct, appearance, or personality that would draw everyone’s ire. Someone who was easy to single out like Ruliya, or an Imperial like Shin.</p>
<p>He made examples of obvious, clear-cut scapegoats whom everyone could regard with unrestrained enmity, condemn to their heart’s content, and self-indulgently treat as an outlet for their frustrations.</p>
<p>Their natural enemies were the Republic’s white pigs, of course. But those were hiding a hundred kilometers away, behind walls and minefields, and hardly ever appeared in the hellscape of the battlefield. And enemies who didn’t feel real and present were the same as nonexistent ones.</p>
<p>And despite how advanced and ruthless they were, the Legion were automated machines that moved according to programming… Directing hatred at them felt both hollow and foolishly misguided.</p>
<p>Some people rejected that method at first, clinging to justice and a sense of ethics. But that was only at first. Those people eventually threw rocks and jeered just as gleefully as everyone else. Violence in numbers made it so that no one criticized the justice of your actions, and that lack of consequence made it the most satisfying pleasure of all. It was perhaps the only kind of diversion truly available in this sealed battlefield.</p>
<p>It went without saying that most of the people who’d been rendered into scapegoats went on to die soon enough. Their comrades offered them no support in battle, and the discrimination in their daily lives chipped away at their hearts and spirits. Before long, their willpower and stamina would be exhausted, and they’d either perish in battle or kill themselves.</p>
<p>Having them die so easily would be a problem, and so Isuka forbade everyone from excessive violence and didn’t allow the scapegoats to carry pistols, for fear of them ending their own misery. Sadly, many found alternative methods.</p>
<p>In that regard, Shin was holding on longer than expected. He was strong, both within the base and out on the battlefield.</p>
<p>Isuka snorted. He was the one who’d made Shin into a scapegoat, so the fact that he seemed harder than most was a welcome discovery. However…</p>
<p>“…Unfortunately for him…”</p>
<p>Being strong enough to endure constant harassment and abuse was nothing special. Not here, in the Eighty-Sixth Sector.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a003">1</h1>
<p class="noindent"><strong><span class="special-1">“Speaking of, we haven’t received a demand for a goat lately, Vulture.”</span></strong></p>
<p>Hearing this comment from the Handler speaking to him through the Para-RAID from the other side of the wall, Isuka snorted.</p>
<p>“The little black goat we got recently is lasting longer than expected.”</p>
<p>The Handlers were cattle keepers meant to make sure the Eighty-Six wouldn’t rebel, but a lot of them were idiots who neglected their jobs. The Handler assigned to the Stiletto squadron was relatively diligent, though. It was mostly the difference between a neglectful idiot and a hardworking one.</p>
<p>They were idiots and disgusting white pigs just the same. They stayed behind the walls and thought anything that occurred on this battlefield was none of their business. The Republic had no intent of fighting this war. To them, drones simply fought each other to death in some faraway world, and sometimes, these drones would remember that and regard them with scorn in their eyes.</p>
<p>Either way, that was how Isuka, the long-running captain of the Stiletto squadron, had known this Handler for quite a while, despite neither of them knowing each other’s names or faces.</p>
<p>And the Handler of course knew about the reason Isuka requested “goats” every now and then. Weak, useless members, or members of minorities. And given how short the cycles were with which Isuka asked them to send new goats, he likely had some inkling that the goats were being treated cruelly enough to die that soon.</p>
<p>But among the goats the Handler had sent him, Shin was proving to be quite the catch. He clearly looked like he had noble Imperial blood, but he was in fact stronger than any of the previous scapegoats and indeed most of the squadron. Maybe the fact that his origins were that obvious made it so he had to get stronger if he was to survive.</p>
<p>And as expected, he was surviving much longer than the average scapegoat. He accepted the way his squad mates treated him, and yet, in stark contrast to how detached he looked, he seemed to care for them.</p>
<p>Mirei, who had picked a fight with him not long ago, had died in the previous day’s battle. But Shin survived. Isuka had recently started asking himself if Shin only let his squad mates’ bullying slide because he knew they were bound to die before he did.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“You damn pigs eat your own—even the children,” the Handler sneered. “You Eighty-Six are barbaric. That’s the kind of vulgar behavior we noble Republic citizens can’t understand. Filthy subhumans.”</span></strong></p>
<p>“Like you’re one to talk, Handler One,” Isuka sneered in turn.</p>
<p>The Eighty-Six were supposed to be citizens of the Republic just the same. The Republic used child soldiers, like him and Shin and Ruliya, as disposable parts of a drone.</p>
<p>Isuka felt a cold, almost terrifying silence settle over the Resonance.</p>
<p><strong><span class="special-1">“…Don’t act like you’re our equal, you filthy stain.”</span></strong></p>
<p>This did nothing to really scare Isuka. The Republic locked them away in this battlefield and forced them to fight, but it wasn’t like a simple civilian like this Handler had any special authority over the Eighty-Six. The most he did was send them supplies, and if the squadron got wiped out, it would be seen as the Handler’s fault.</p>
<p>Apparently, with the Republic’s territory having been greatly reduced because of the war, the unemployment rate had become quite high, and so the Handlers worked in exchange for a monthly wage. But it seemed the Handlers weren’t pressed for money enough to accept having a pig talk back to them.</p>
<p>In the end, all of the Republic’s citizens were the same. They closed themselves off inside a sweet dream, plugging their ears and shutting their eyes to achieve false peace. Stupid, slothful white pigs.</p>
<p>Isuka sneered again. Coldly.</p>
<p>“I apologize if it came across that way, esteemed human master.”</p>
<p><em>Like anyone would want to be your equal, you white pig.</em></p>
<p class="space-break2">Dealing with idiots was easy, but it wasn’t particularly pleasant. As soon as the Sensory Resonance closed, Isuka clicked his tongue and walked away from the hangar wall he’d been leaning against. Exchanges with their commanding Handler was his duty as captain. And each and every time, it was irritating to go through.</p>
<p>Much like the barracks, they neglected to clean the hangar. It was littered with spare parts and empty containers, and the air was distinctly dusty. The number of Juggernauts lined up in the hangar had strikingly decreased over the last few battles. Shin’s unit was crouching in the corner, stained with spots of red paint the squad mates found somewhere.</p>
<p>But despite fighting in an urban battlefield with these absurd colors on his rig, Shin survived today, too. They forced the most lethal roles onto him, like serving as a decoy or the rear guard, and he kept using a haphazard combat style that pushed the Juggernaut’s already poor suspension system to its limits.</p>
<p>To begin with, the Stiletto squadron was in charge of a highly contested ward. In this battlefield of zero casualties where people died left and right, this was one sector that stood out in the number of Eighty-Six lives it claimed. And despite this, Shin survived.</p>
<p>And as if to counteract Shin’s tendency to survive, the other squad mates seemed to have started dying more often ever since he joined the squadron. This was a bit of a source of a headache for Isuka. Both because the squadron’s combat potential was decreasing, making the battles harder…and because the atmosphere in the squadron was becoming worse.</p>
<p>The glares and whispers directed at Shin were gradually building up and turning to clear enmity. <em>You pest</em>, they would say. <em>Bringer of ruin.</em> <em>You call death to your comrades.</em> The bullying was escalating every day, and it was approaching the point where Isuka felt like he had to step in for the kid.</p>
<p>If a Processor chose to off themselves or was dumb enough to be killed by the Legion, that was one thing. But Processors killing each other was where the line had to be drawn. It was a final <em>restraint</em> that could never be allowed to come undone. If it did, all order in the squadron would go out the window.</p>
<p>He’d set him up to be a scapegoat so the Processors would survive, but consequently, that was only making them die that much faster.</p>
<p>But just as he grimaced, he felt something pass him by silently.</p>
<p>“Oh.”</p>
<p>He didn’t notice he was there. Looking down with a hint of surprise, he saw someone with distinctive black hair, wearing a blue scarf and a uniform that was too large for their small physique.</p>
<p>Shin.</p>
<p>Much like a prowling animal, he walked without any footsteps. Hearing his reaction, Shin flicked his emotionless bloodred eyes in his direction, implying that he didn’t notice Isuka was there, either. Isuka had been leaning against a wall that was horizontal from the hangar’s entrance; that was hard to spot when walking in. Shin narrowed his eyes, his gaze fixed on the wall.</p>
<p>The way he looked at Isuka had become much bleaker and colder compared with the anger he’d shown when Isuka chided him for trying to help that idiot who’d gotten his legs blown off. He looked at Isuka like he were a nasty insect or a pebble in his way and then turned away.</p>
<p>Apparently, he was intent on ignoring this coldhearted captain who shot any squad mate who’d become a burden. Same as how he ignored his squad mates, who despite being discriminated Eighty-Six ganged up on anyone weaker than them.</p>
<p>Those cold eyes seemed to look down upon him, as if in condemnation…as if he was a person who’d reduced himself to a wretched status.</p>
<p>“…Hey.”</p>
<p>Isuka called out to him before he knew it. He could tell he had a crooked smile on his face. The same sneer he always had when he interacted with his squad mates. An unamused smirk that intimidated, pushed away, and coerced.</p>
<p>“Is that piece of metal from Mirei’s rig? You actually picked it up?”</p>
<p>He asked that question while eyeing the small metallic fragment Shin held in his hands. It had the color of the Juggernaut’s plating, that of dried bone. Even the Stiletto squadron had heard of how Shin recorded the names of those who died with these fragments. He usually relied on whatever pieces of wood or metal he could find. But he did use scraps of their Juggernaut’s armor when he was lucky enough to locate them. That wasn’t very often, since the fragile Juggernauts were frequently blown to bits.</p>
<p>He had several fragments with names carved on them in his rig’s cockpit. They looked like junk, but there was a time when a squad mate took them out of his Juggernaut and tossed them into the mud, only to have Shin beat them up until their face was unrecognizable. Judging from that, these pieces were seemingly important to him.</p>
<p>This was part of why, despite him being a scapegoat, one had to take their hat off to Shin.</p>
<p>The other squad mates and maintenance crew all seemed to believe he was doing it in the same vein of how the battle-crazed Imperial nobles would claim the severed heads of their enemies as a prize. Shin, being the god of pestilence that he was, instead boasted the number of allies he got killed instead of the enemies he slayed.</p>
<p>But Isuka knew that wasn’t the case. Before, some squad mates who’d been relatively sympathized toward Shin and were now dead said that he was doing it because of a promise he’d made with his first squad captain. The last one to survive would remember those who had died fighting beside them and carry them with him. This was how he kept that promise up.</p>
<p>Would he end up bringing Isuka with him, too…?</p>
<p><em>…That’s stupid.</em></p>
<p>“I’m sure you’re not enough of a birdbrain to forget what Mirei did to you. And you’re still taking him along?”</p>
<p>The water he’d splashed on him, the insults he’d hurled every day, how he’d always use him as a decoy to stall the enemy. And he was still taking him along?</p>
<p>“Are you seriously that stupid? Between this and how you keep trying to save the dying… Do you get off on being a hero or something?”</p>
<p>“…That’s not it.” Shin’s reply was indifferent, like he didn’t even fully acknowledge Isuka was there.</p>
<p>He was probably looking back to whoever forced that promise on him, someone who was already gone. Whatever irresponsible person they were to force him to make that promise before going ahead and dying first.</p>
<p>“It’s because the Eighty-Six don’t get graves. If someone doesn’t remember those who died, they’ll just disappear. So I just want to remember everyone.”</p>
<p>“Oh,” Isuka said with a thin sneer. “So what kind of guy was Mirei? A petty bully who picked on and shouted at anyone smaller than him every day, only to die like a bitch?”</p>
<p>No one would want to be remembered like that.</p>
<p>But Shin didn’t seem to acknowledge Isuka’s sneering, his crimson eyes instead sinking into reminiscence.</p>
<p>“…He was a joker who always laughed, always put on a brave face even when it was hard, and always tried to keep his friends cheery.”</p>
<p>The sneer disappeared from Isuka’s face.</p>
<p>“He never directed that behavior at me, but just looking from the side, I could tell that was how he treated others…and that’s something good enough for me to take along.”</p>
<p>“…”</p>
<p>Isuka contorted his face bitterly. At that moment, it finally hit home why this brat pissed him off so much.</p>
<p>“…You think you’re some kind of saint, kid? Here, in a battlefield where no one’s human?”</p>
<p>The Eighty-Sixth Sector is hell. No one can stay normal in a place like this. And Shin was still holding on to his dignity, on to the image of what a sane, decent human being should be. That was something Isuka had discarded, and he wasn’t interested in ever picking it up again, but it felt like Shin was showing him off.</p>
<p>“I’m just doing what I want to do and not doing what I don’t want to do.”</p>
<p><em>Because I don’t want to end up like you.</em></p>
<p>“Fucking brat—,” Isuka growled.</p>
<p>“Besides,” Shin cut him off.</p>
<p>He finally averted his clear, bloodred eyes, displaying a hint of bitterness for the first time.</p>
<p>“Even I have things I don’t do, despite the fact that I could… Even if I told you, no one in this squadron would believe me anyway. So there’s no point in saying anything.”</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a004">0</h1>
<p class="noindent">A Löwe suddenly appeared in front of Isuka’s Juggernaut.</p>
<p>The fifty-tonne Goliath’s absurd performance allowed it to land from its jump with a silence one would never imagine given its size. It swung the front left of its four thick legs down at him. Since Isuka was too close to its turret, it chose to kick away the unsightly insect instead of shooting it dead.</p>
<p>“Oh, shi—”</p>
<p>Then came the impact.</p>
<p class="space-break2">When next Isuka opened his eyes, he realized he had been knocked out of his Juggernaut and onto the concrete outside. Looking around, he found his Juggernaut toppled over a short distance away, its frame ruptured. A red trail of blood extended from the Juggernaut, leading all the way over to where Isuka was lying.</p>
<p>It was his blood.</p>
<p><em>…I screwed up.</em></p>
<p>Sighing, Isuka looked up to the sky, his back resting against the concrete. The thick, water-resistant fabric of his field uniform hid it, but he could feel the inside of his stomach growing hot. His internal organs had ruptured. And there were no military physicians in the Eighty-Sixth Sector, so he couldn’t hope for medical treatment. This was a fatal wound.</p>
<p>A stomach injury wasn’t like a wound to the head or chest. Even if one doesn’t get help, the wound won’t kill that quickly. And he didn’t want to writhe in agony, unable to die in some corner of the battlefield as screams and gunfire echoed around him. Isuka reached for his right thigh to grasp the pistol holstered there…</p>
<p>…but his fingers passed through empty air.</p>
<p>He couldn’t feel the grip of the gun, but worse yet…he couldn’t feel his leg altogether.</p>
<p>Looking down, he saw that under his uniform top, his legs were missing completely.</p>
<p>“…?!”</p>
<p>Turning around fearfully, he saw the missing half of his body spill out of the open cockpit of his toppled Juggernaut. The pistol was just barely in its holster, hanging slightly over a pool of blood littered with his severed fingers, dangling just out of reach.</p>
<p>He couldn’t tell how long he spent lying there dumbfounded. An inappropriate snicker spilled from his lips, and every bit of strength drained from his body. He couldn’t force himself to crawl all the way there. To begin with, his hands were missing fingers anyway, so he couldn’t reliably grip or shoot the gun in the first place.</p>
<p>At this point, he didn’t care if he lived or died.</p>
<p>But this was inevitable, he thought as his dulled sense of pain was beginning to resurface. He’d been a Processor for over three years. He’d tried to keep his squadrons united so he could ensure his own survival, and doing that had consumed the lives of many of his comrades.</p>
<p>So many had died, either to the Legion or by their own hand. Trapped in a battlefield where they were throttled about by the malice of both the Legion and the Republic, their hearts grew haggard and ill from seeing even their fellow Eighty-Six regard them with spite.</p>
<p>And it was all because Isuka had made it so.</p>
<p>And this was the retribution he got for it.</p>
<p>It looked like the rest of the Stiletto squadron was still fighting, though they were on the back foot. They likely weren’t in any condition to come rescue him. He’d either bite the dust here, without any of them knowing…or his squadron would simply be wiped out, and the Legion would take him away as their spoils of war. Whichever it’ll be…</p>
<p><em>…I won’t get an easy death…</em></p>
<p class="space-break1">But just then, the monotone world of the rubble’s dull gray and the thin, silvery clouds of the Eintagsfliege were invaded by vivid red.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Isuka turned around reflexively, his eyes catching sight of it. There was a shade of black like the darkness of night had been refined into color. A shade of crimson, redder than blood.</p>
<p>“Nouzen…”</p>
<p>Isuka’s whisper was so quiet that Shin didn’t seem to hear it. But Isuka could see his Juggernaut squat down in the edge of his field of vision. Its cockpit opened, and Shin disembarked, hurrying over to Isuka’s unit. He was so utterly defenseless, even Isuka couldn’t help but worry. If just a single self-propelled mine was nearby, he surely would have died.</p>
<p>He shouldered his assault rifle, which was far too large for his small frame. He didn’t have a pistol, though. Isuka never let him have one because he didn’t want him to take his own life like so many scapegoats before him.</p>
<p>He approached Isuka’s Juggernaut, as silent as the Legion’s own footsteps, and inspected how damaged it was.</p>
<p>Apparently, Shin did it because he’d broken his own Juggernaut. Looking at it, the heavy machine guns on both of its grappling arms were badly damaged. The barrels were bent out of shape, as if he’d bashed them against the enemy. On top of that, his Juggernaut didn’t look like it’d stay properly balanced when stationary. One of its four fragile legs had its joint bent and snapped off.</p>
<p>He’d lost his secondary armaments, and his unit wasn’t capable of normal mobility, so he decided to switch over to another Juggernaut, even if its cockpit was slightly damaged. Unfortunately for him, the cockpit to Isuka’s rig had been wrecked from top to bottom, and the Juggernaut wasn’t operable.</p>
<p>Seeing this, Shin shook his head, and then he realized that the scattered remains of Isuka’s stomach were spilling out of the cockpit. He swallowed nervously, then traced the blood trail, eventually discovering Isuka himself.</p>
<p>His bloodred eyes—their shade of crimson clearer and purer than the blood and viscera spread over the ground—settled on Isuka. On his damaged, severed stomach. On his hands, which had less fingers than they should have had. On the fact that despite it all, he was unfortunately, tragically still alive.</p>
<p>Just like the squad mate he once shot before Shin’s very eyes was unfortunately, tragically still alive.</p>
<p>At first, Isuka was completely prepared to see Shin turn around and leave him to his fate. Isuka had treated him awfully, after all. Why would he save him? And Isuka wouldn’t lower himself to begging for mercy. He wouldn’t, and he didn’t have the right to anyway.</p>
<p>The red eyes fixed on him froze over. As if hesitating, torn by some internal conflict.</p>
<p><em>What the hell are you doing?</em> Isuka thought bitterly. <em>What’s there to be confused about? I hurt you so much. What other option do you even have if not to abandon me? Just leave me here to die. Go. Hurry up and leave. Begging you for mercy would just be humiliating. Don’t make me do something as pathetic as asking someone I hurt for help…!</em></p>
<p class="space-break1">But then Shin pursed his lips…</p>
<p class="space-break1">…and drew the pistol from Isuka’s bloodstained holster.</p>
<p class="space-break1">“…What?”</p>
<p>Isuka was speechless for a moment. And then Shin turned the muzzle in his direction. It was shaking slightly but still fixed on his head. On the other end of its sights were eyes full of conflict—fear grappling with a shaky resolve.</p>
<p>He was hesitating. Not over the likelihood of saving him. But over making the heartless choice of shooting him dead without even <em>trying</em> to treat him, even if it was in the name of ending his suffering…</p>
<p>But Isuka’s surprise soon faded away. And in its place, he felt an inexplicable rage. He wasn’t entirely sure what he was angry at, but the emotion clouded his field of vision.</p>
<p><em>Dammit.</em></p>
<p><em>God dammit. This is what I get, huh? This is who I have to see at the very end…</em></p>
<p>Without Isuka knowing it, a self-deprecating smile played over his features.</p>
<p><em>God dammit. If this is the punishment I get…</em></p>
<p>He lifted his right hand, which felt far heavier than it should have, and nudged the exposed bone at the end of his remaining thumb between his eyes.</p>
<p><em>If you have to do it, aim</em> here<em>.</em></p>
<p>“You know how to use it, right? Pull the slide…”</p>
<p>Before he could even finish the sentence, Shin pulled the slide back with his small hands and loaded the first bullet into the chamber… Someone really had taught him how to do this. After pulling it as far as it would go, he clicked it back into place.</p>
<p>Whoever taught him to handle a gun probably hadn’t actually trained him to shoot people, though.</p>
<p>“You don’t have to worry about a safety with that one. It automatically cocks the hammer when you load the first bullet. You just need to aim and shoot.”</p>
<p>He said this, of course, knowing that this final part was the hardest. Shin would have to shoot Isuka, who was still alive and stirring, while looking him dead in the eye. The sight of it would likely be seared into his mind. Human instinct naturally loathed the idea of taking another life, making it the most terrifying act imaginable.</p>
<p>But if this dumb kid didn’t do it now, he’d probably be haunted by regret for the rest of his life. The regret of not finishing off this fool who couldn’t even die properly.</p>
<p>“It has space for fifteen bullets. Means you can <em>shoot up to fourteen times</em> and not worry about it. Go on. Shoot.”</p>
<p>“…?”</p>
<p>Shin forced his ragged breaths to calm down, doubt clouding over his unnaturally hard gaze. Isuka shook his head with a pained smile.</p>
<p>“But don’t use that last one on anyone else. The last bullet is for when <em>you’re</em> about to die. That way, you can put yourself at ease. That’s one thing you should never…ever let someone else do for you.”</p>
<p>Shin had to be at least that selfish…or else Isuka, someone who had lived his life in an entirely selfish way, would never rest in peace.</p>
<p>Having said all he needed to, Isuka closed his eyes. Shin could at least do that much. After some hesitation, Shin exhaled, and the atmosphere about him became cold and morose…</p>
<p><em>Come on, you idiot. Don’t let this get to you.</em></p>
<p>The first shot missed Isuka by a wide margin and bored into the asphalt to the side of his head. The second shot blew one of his ears off. The fact that he even grazed him on his second attempt was commendable, in a way.</p>
<p>The thought that Shin was going to take him along crossed Isuka’s mind.</p>
<p><em>How would he remember me, then? He isn’t going to take what I just said and the fact that I gave him a few pointers on how to use a pistol and call that kindness, is he?</em></p>
<p>For a moment, an inappropriate smile played over Isuka’s lips.</p>
<p><em>If that’s the case, then he really is an idiot.</em></p>
<p>He thought he could hear the third gunshot blare out. And that was the last thing Isuka ever heard before his brains were scattered: the final knell of mercy.</p>
<p class="space-break2">The first two shots missed their mark, but the third one hit his forehead, just like he’d asked.</p>
<p>The pistol prioritized mobility as its most important factor, and so its barrel was short, making its accuracy and penetrating force negligible. It may have been a military pistol, but a 9 mm caliber wasn’t always enough to finish someone, so Shin fired another two shots to guarantee the kill.</p>
<p>He’d shot him, just like he was taught, and only then did Shin realize Isuka was no longer moving. Now that his heart had stopped, the blood began pooling. It was a dull red, mixed with something that wasn’t blood.</p>
<p>Shin slowly lowered the pistol and sank to the ground, as if unable to bear the weight of it, though it weighed less than a single kilogram. His body was awash with cold sweat. Realizing he’d held his breath all this time, he finally exhaled, time and again.</p>
<p>“H-haah…!”</p>
<p>But the shaking and nausea he was expecting never came. There was no panic or discomposure. And their absence was what really shocked Shin. Lying before Shin was a fresh corpse, produced by his own two hands. And despite killing another person, it did little to shake him. And that crushed him harder than anything else.</p>
<p><em>I knew it. I…</em></p>
<p>His hand unconsciously went to his windpipe. Feeling the fabric of his scarf, he drew his fingers back for a moment and then grasped his throat hard.</p>
<p><em>Get up. It might not happen right away, but the sound of that gunshot is going to draw the Legion here. Get back in your Juggernaut before that happens. Escape and live. Fight.</em></p>
<p>Some force of instinctual will, something deeper and more primal than his own will, spurred him to move. He looked up, his bloodred eyes once again alight with the cold intensity of a warrior.</p>
<p>When he got to his feet, the near-900-gram pistol no longer felt heavy to him.</p>
<p>He picked up one of the shards of the Juggernaut lying in the puddle of blood and started to walk off. He turned around at the last second, gazing at Isuka’s expired, discarded remains.</p>
<p>“…Captain.”</p>
<p>He was someone he never held any respect or affection for. The only thing this person ever directed at Shin was unreasonable malice. But the way he never abandoned those who were injured and couldn’t die by shooting them dead… Looking back at it now, Shin could realize this was his way of taking responsibility for his comrades.</p>
<p>Isuka had been so used to it that he made it look casual. He’d finished off so many people that he’d grown accustomed to it. And that was probably because he’d never pushed that responsibility onto anyone else.</p>
<p>Shin could remember that resolve of his.</p>
<p>“I’ll be keeping the pistol…and your duty. Until I meet my end.”</p>
<p>And he’d remember his name, and that final, faint, pained smile he showed.</p>
<p>With that thought in mind, Shin turned his back on him.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>