<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main"/>

    <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

    <h2>Rio’s Sleeping Face</h2>

    <p>One day, sometime before departing for the Proxia Empire, Rio visited the stone house by himself; Celia and Aishia had remained in Rodania. Since the meal with Liselotte was planned for tomorrow, he informed the residents of the house he wouldn’t be returning to Rodania that night.</p>

    <p>“Does that mean you’re staying the night, Onii-chan?!” Latifa asked happily. She had secured a seat beside Rio in the living room.</p>

    <p>“Yeah, that’s the plan.”</p>

    <p>“Yay!” Latifa clung to Rio with a cheer.</p>

    <p>“That hurts, Latifa,” Rio said with a pained expression.</p>

    <p>“That means we’ll have to have a feast tonight,” Orphia said with a smile.</p>

    <p>Latifa immediately endorsed the idea. “Agreed! I’ll help too!”</p>

    <p>The other girls also offered to help with the cooking. “I’ll help make something too,” Rio added.</p>

    <p>“You’re finally back, so you should just rest. We’ll do the cooking tonight,” Sara said to him.</p>

    <p>Alma nodded. “That’s right. Though, it’s still a little early for dinner.”</p>

    <p>“You should take a bath and relax,” Miharu said, encouraging Rio to make himself at home.</p>

    <p>“All right... I’ll take you up on that offer.”</p>

    <p>And so, it was decided that everyone would make dinner for Rio. He took a bath in the stone house for the first time in a while to relieve his fatigue, then returned to the living room with damp hair. It seemed like the girls had begun cooking in the kitchen, as he could hear them chatting to each other harmoniously.</p>

    <p><em>It’s kind of hard to relax while leaving all the housework to everyone... </em>Rio thought while sitting in the living room. He split the housework evenly with Celia in Rodania, but even then he was always cleaning things up in advance, so having such idle time was a new feeling.</p>

    <p><em>Maybe I should read a book.</em></p>

    <p>With that decided, Rio stood up and headed to the bookshelf in the living room, picking out a random book and returning to the sofa.</p>

    <p>While listening to the lively voices of the girls, he opened the book and silently moved his eyes over the pages. However, the bath must have warmed his body and made him feel sleepy, as he started dozing off. Several minutes later, his eyes were closed as he’d fallen asleep on the sofa.</p>

    <p>Some time passed. “Zzz...” Rio breathed quietly in his sleep.</p>

    <p>“Haruto...?” Miharu appeared in the living room, noticing Rio asleep on the sofa. She walked up to him and called his name, confirming there was no response, before bringing a throw blanket from another room and gently covering Rio’s body with it.</p>

    <p>“Hehe.” Miharu smiled happily at Rio’s innocent face; she’d wake him when it was closer to dinnertime. She was about to return to the kitchen with that thought, but she was reluctant to leave the precious sight of Rio’s sleeping face behind and kept watching.</p>

    <p>However, she couldn’t delay her return forever, so with an iron will, she turned to go back to the kitchen, when—</p>

    <p>“La—?!”</p>

    <p>Before she knew it, Latifa was standing behind her, covering Miharu’s mouth.</p>

    <p>“Shh! You’ll scare Onii-chan if you scream,” she whispered, sitting beside Rio and clinging to him as if it were the most natural thing in the world.</p>

    <p>“Wh-What are you doing, Latifa?” Miharu asked, blinking.</p>

    <p>“You looked like you wanted to be spoiled by Onii-chan, so I’m showing you an example of how to do it.”</p>

    <p>“I-I wasn’t thinking that,” Miharu denied in a flustered whisper.</p>

    <p>“Mm... Latifa?” Rio naturally woke up from the noise and noticed Latifa sitting beside him.</p>

    <p>“Yup. I’ll wake you up when it’s time to eat, so you can keep sleeping.”</p>

    <p>“Okay.” Rio fell back asleep without noticing Miharu, probably because he was used to Latifa clinging to him, or perhaps because he had his guard down.</p>

    <p>After that, Latifa had her fill of clinging to Rio until she was satisfied. “And this is how you act spoiled around Onii-chan,” she said to Miharu smugly, standing up without a sound.</p>

    <p>“You’re the only one who can do that, Latifa...” Miharu’s reply was slightly exasperated and a bit envious.</p>

    <h2>Professor Celia’s Wardrobe</h2>

    <p>Before Rio departed for the Proxia Empire, in the estate that Rio received from the Restoration in Rodania...</p>

    <p>One morning, Celia was in her underwear, glaring at the clothes spread out on her bed. They were all casual clothes she’d bought at a branch store of the Ricca Guild, and every piece was cute in design.</p>

    <p>“Hmm, I wonder what I should wear?” Celia muttered in thought, trying to decide her outfit for the day.</p>

    <p>“Celia.” Aishia suddenly materialized in the room; she had been sleeping in Celia’s room in spirit form last night. She appeared while yawning sleepily, as though she had just woken up.</p>

    <p>“Oh! Good morning, Aishia.” Celia was in her underwear, but she seemed totally used to the situation.</p>

    <p>“Morning. Are you choosing your clothes?”</p>

    <p>“Yup. I can’t decide which would be best to wear while I’m out shopping today. I know—could you give me your opinion on which outfit I should wear?”</p>

    <p>“You bought everything here with Haruto, so I’m sure he’ll be happy with whatever you choose,” Aishia said, making a precise guess of Celia’s requirements.</p>

    <p>“I-I never said I was choosing for Rio’s sake!” Celia denied with a flushed face. She then continued speaking in a whisper. “B-But... I’ll be going out with Rio, and while we’re together he’ll have to look at me, so it wouldn’t hurt to wear something that suits Rio’s tastes.”</p>

    <p>“Do you want to ask Haruto, then?”</p>

    <p>“I-It’s fine. I’m sure he has his own preparations to make.”</p>

    <p>“You don’t have to call him here. I can telepathically share what I see and hear with Haruto over short distances.”</p>

    <p>“You can do that?” The possibilities were so unlimited with spirit arts, they surprised Celia even to this day.</p>

    <p>“Yup. It’s only possible between a spirit and contract holder with a path connected.”</p>

    <p>“How convenient!”</p>

    <p>“It has more limitations than just telepathically speaking, but I should be able to show you to Haruto from this distance,” Aishia said, staring at Celia intently.</p>

    <p>“I see... Then maybe I’ll take you up on that offer... Wait, I’m in my underwear! S-Stop! Don’t do it! You’re not showing Haruto what I look like right now, are you?!”</p>

    <p>It was an eventful morning for Celia.</p>

    <h2>Elemental ☆ Summer Festival!</h2>

    <p>On this summer day, Amakawa Haruto was going to the Tanabata festival with his friends. He set off for their meetup spot near the festival location when the sky started to dim.</p>

    <p>“Amakawa-senpai,” a cute voice called out. Haruto turned in the direction of the voice.</p>

    <p>“Rikka-chan.”</p>

    <p>It was Minamoto Rikka, his junior from middle school. Her long hair she normally had down was tied up in a short style, and she was seated on a bench wearing a white, flower-patterned yukata. In her hand was an uchiwa fan that must have been handed out on the streets near the festival; she used it to fan a cool breeze.</p>

    <p>“Good evening, Amakawa-senpai,” Rikka greeted Haruto in a bright voice.</p>

    <p>“Good evening, Rikka-chan. You came in your yukata.”</p>

    <p>“Yup. Does it look good?”</p>

    <p>“Yes, very. You give off a different feeling with your hair tied up—I was captivated.”</p>

    <p>“Thank you,” Rikka said with a bashful smile.</p>

    <p>“Is anyone else here yet?” Haruto looked around.</p>

    <p>“Nope. No one else is here yet, so I’m the first to arrive. That makes you the second, Amakawa-senpai. Here, have a seat.” Rikka gestured at the empty space on the bench beside her.</p>

    <p>“If you don’t mind, then.” Haruto sat down right next to Rikka.</p>

    <p>“I’m glad it was sunny today.”</p>

    <p>“Yeah. It was kind of hot, though.” Haruto noted that he was sweating even though he had only walked a short distance.</p>

    <p>“Then I’ll share the cool breeze with you.” Rikka fanned the uchiwa in her hand in Haruto’s direction.</p>

    <p>“Thanks. It feels nice,” Haruto said with a smile. He casually looked around and noticed a stall selling drinks. “Say, Rikka-chan. Do you like ramune?” he asked.</p>

    <p>“Huh? Yeah,” Rikka nodded.</p>

    <p>“Wait here, then,” Haruto said, standing up and heading towards the stall. He handed the stall owner some change and received a ramune bottle and two paper cups before coming back.</p>

    <p>“One bottle’s a little too much for one person, so will you drink it with me? It’s also my thank-you for fanning me,” he said, handing Rikka a paper cup.</p>

    <p>“Thank you very much. I’d love to,” Rikka giggled, accepting the cup.</p>

    <p>“Here you go.” Haruto first poured the ramune into Rikka’s cup.</p>

    <p>“I’ll pour it for you as well, Amakawa-senpai.” Rikka put her cup and uchiwa down on the bench and took the bottle from Haruto, pouring the drink into his paper cup.</p>

    <p>“Thanks.”</p>

    <p>“Ramune’s nice, but I don’t really get a chance to drink it outside of festivals. When I was a child, I drank it every time I went to a festival.” Those words appeared to be the truth, as Rikka poured the drink smoothly while keeping the marble characteristic to ramune drinks held in the cavity of the bottle.</p>

    <p>“I didn’t really play with them, but I remember taking the marble out of the drinks afterwards and saving them.”</p>

    <p>“I can relate. I also have all the marbles from my childhood saved in a drawer at home.”</p>

    <p>“I think mine are still at home too. All right, let’s have some.”</p>

    <p>“Thanks for the drink. Mm, sure brings back memories.” Rikka peered inside her cup and smiled happily, then took a sip of the drink.</p>

    <p>“Hah... I’ve been brought back to life.” Haruto gulped down his ramune and sighed.</p>

    <p>“Yeah, it’s so good,” Rikka said, entranced. “I’ll keep fanning you as thanks for the ramune, senpai.” She resumed fanning a cool breeze towards Haruto with her uchiwa.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>