<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Hmm? Did you say something?”</p>

      <p>“I-I surr—aaah...!”</p>

      <p>The weight on his back increased, making Renji scream. Just then, several bolts of light came flying straight towards Lucius from his front side. Each bolt was aimed accurately to pierce through Lucius’s body.</p>

      <p>The bolts of light originated from Sylvie, who stood in a posture as though she had just drawn and thrust her rapier-shaped enchanted sword.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Lucius swung the sword in his left hand. Immediately, darkness swelled and swallowed up the bolts of light. Sylvie started charging towards Lucius, thrusting into empty space from several meters away. Each thrust released several bolts of light from the end of her rapier, every bolt aimed to snipe at Lucius’s torso with precision.</p>

      <p>“Ha!” Lucius sneered, dealing with Sylvie’s bolts head-on. He swung his sword lightly, releasing a darkness that swallowed the light beams. Despite that, Sylvie continued firing the light from her enchanted sword. Then, once the distance between them had reduced to roughly ten meters—</p>

      <p>“Here, let me return them,” Lucius said, pointing his sword at Sylvie.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>The same attack that Sylvie had fired came flying at her from every direction. Her speed dropped from her continuous charge. She tried to change directions quickly, but the light flew at where she was trying to evade towards. When she tried to find another escape route, she realized for the first time that the bolts were coming from every direction. Because of that, Sylvie’s reaction was delayed.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...”</p>

      <p>She tried to evade the light bolts in order to minimize the damage as much as possible. However, before Sylvie knew it, she was standing away from the siege of light bolts.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?”</p>

      <p>Just how did she move instantaneously? Sylvie was speechless. Then, Reiss stepped beside her.</p>

      <p>“Your jokes have gone too far. Are you trying to kill Princess Sylvie?” Reiss asked Lucius in a fed-up tone.</p>

      <p>“Don’t get in the way. You let that woman pass you on purpose,” Lucius pointed out with a snort.</p>

      <p>“That’s because you were hurting him a little too much. Well, the match will count as Renji the Aloof’s defeat due to Princess Sylvie’s intervention anyway,” Reiss said, looking down at Renji on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Aah...” Renji was barely conscious, groaning with his eyes open slightly.</p>

      <p>“R-Renji! Ngh...” Sylvie snapped back to her senses and ran up to Renji. His physical body had been strengthened during the fight, but it was hard to imagine he could maintain that while unconscious.</p>

      <p>The damage to his body and the amount of blood lost appeared to be so severe, there seemed to be no way for him to survive. Sylvie shook at the tragic state of Renji’s body and glared at Lucius.</p>

      <p>“Hey, it was a consensual match. I don’t think I deserve to be glared at for that. He never said he surrendered either, y’know?”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t that Renji didn’t say it, but that he couldn’t. Lucius looked down at Renji and chuckled smugly.</p>

      <p>“The match was settled the moment you cut his arm and legs off! You were fully intending on killing him!”</p>

      <p>“That goes for the both of us, though. He tried to kill me with no hesitation from the very first blow.”</p>

      <p>“Guh...”</p>

      <p>Indeed, since Renji had tried to finish the match in the first blow by killing Lucius, Sylvie couldn’t argue any further.</p>

      <p>“The two of you can leave your argument at that. He won’t die like this—or rather, I won’t let him die like this.” Reiss had picked up Renji’s severed limbs while the two of them argued harshly.</p>

      <p>“He won’t die...?” Sylvie looked at the severed limbs in anger.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Because he’s a hero.”</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Sylvie was shocked into speechlessness by Reiss’s words.</p>

      <p><em>Why...does he know...?</em> Renji’s mind thought in a daze. However, with that question as a final thought, his consciousness faded.</p>

      <p>“Falling unconscious from this... It’s proof of how he’s still unawakened as a hero, I suppose. It seems he’s still inexperienced,” Reiss said, holding the severed limbs to their original positions. Renji’s limbs began visibly reattaching themselves as though they were being drawn together.</p>

      <p>“Wh...?!” Sylvie swallowed her breath in shock.</p>

      <p>“See? He won’t die.” Reiss smiled as though he knew everything from the start. <em>Well, he’s still unawakened as a hero, so his recovery speed is rather slow... And as a human, he’s still bound by his human emotions.</em></p>

      <p>“Wh-What is the meaning of this?! What?! Reiss! You knew Renji was a hero from the beginning, didn’t you?!” Sylvie ranted in confusion.</p>

      <p>“You were somewhat aware of the Aloof’s identity yourself, no? And it was because you saw the heroes at the banquet in the Galarc Kingdom too, I’d wager?”</p>

      <p>“...What do you intend on doing with Renji?” Sylvie asked with a disgusted look. Seeing how calm Reiss was helped her regain her composure a little.</p>

      <p>“As agreed, he’ll become my subordinate.”</p>

      <p>“You’ll make a hero your subordinate?”</p>

      <p>“Do you find that disrespectful? Just so you know, I value him for his latent combat potential rather than his political use. We can never have enough superior fighters, after all,” Reiss replied to Sylvie’s frown with a creepy smile.</p>

      <p>“...” Sylvie fell silent.</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to be so wary—I won’t turn his power towards you. As long as we are allied, that is.” In other words, it would be a different story if they were enemies.</p>

      <p>“Now, shall we go? Princess Estelle will continue her stay with us, but as a sign of our trust, you may look after your friend for the time being. Please explain his position to him clearly.” Leaving behind those words, Reiss walked away. Lucius, who had completely lost interest in Renji, followed him.</p>

      <p>Renji’s severed limbs had been reattached and the bleeding had stopped.</p>

      <p><em>Renji...</em></p>

      <p>Sylvie picked up the unconscious young man with a miserable expression and followed behind Reiss and the others.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>That night, Lucius and Reiss returned to Proxia Castle with Second Princess Estelle. Renji, who was still unconscious, was taken to the royal castle by Princess Sylvie.</p>

      <p>Lucius locked himself in his room and sat by the window to glare at a few documents. These were reports regarding Rio which Reiss had handed to him to read while he went to speak with Nidoll. Lucius reread the reports over and over again to search for information he could use.</p>

      <p>“Sorry to keep you waiting.”</p>

      <p>Reiss had settled his matters with Nidoll and arrived at Lucius’s room. He came to a stop as soon as he entered the room and spotted Lucius seated by the window.</p>

      <p>“Someone in the castle used a teleport crystal,” Lucius said without taking his eyes off the reports. A short time ago he had detected the scattered ode and mana characteristic of space sorcery.</p>

      <p>“Impressive. Arein, Lucci, and Ven just left for a job. I had them head to Rodania in the Beltrum Kingdom.”</p>

      <p>Lucius lifted his head for the first time and glared at Reiss sharply. “What are you scheming now?”</p>

      <p>“It seems you still don’t trust me. There was no scheming—I sent the three of them to search for the location of your fated partner, the Black Knight. I’ve handed you the reports with all the information concerning him, sending off my subordinates using precious teleport crystals that cannot be mass-produced just to gather information. It’s about time you trusted me a little.”</p>

      <p>“That depends on what you say next. You said you’d set up the stage for me to fight that Rio bastard alone if I went with you to the Rubia Kingdom, right?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, I have no intention of breaking that promise.” Reiss nodded without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“But you interfered with the end of my fight with that brat today.” Lucius recalled the moment when Princess Sylvie had intervened.</p>

      <p>“The one who interfered was Princess Sylvie and not myself.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t dodge the point. You would have been able to stop that woman.”</p>

      <p>“I do not deny that. However, I did inform you before we entered that kingdom that I would intervene if you went too far. I allowed Princess Sylvie to act because your careless actions could have cornered the hero to the point of awakening.”</p>

      <p>“...What do you intend on doing during my fight with Rio, then? Even if you prepare a stage for me to fight the bastard, will you interfere while I’m in the middle of fighting him?” Even if Reiss himself didn’t interfere in the fight, he could easily allow someone else to do so like he had done with Sylvie. Lucius was wary of that.</p>

      <p>“As I said before, I will prepare a stage for you where no one can interfere at all.”</p>

      <p>“But you believe I’ll lose if I have a rematch with him.” That was what Lucius was most displeased with. It was also the basis of his suspicion that Reiss would interfere.</p>

      <p>“...I admit, I believe you’re at a disadvantage. However, as long as he is human, he should have as many openings as you need. I believe I stated this—if you assist me in my business at the Rubia Kingdom, I will explain my entire plan to you. I mentioned it before you fought Renji as well, but I’m sure it’ll be to your liking.”</p>

      <p>“Then let’s hear it.”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>“But first, I want to confirm something.”</p>

      <p>“Whatever you wish,” Reiss nodded with a shrug.</p>

      <p>“You already know Rio’s location, don’t you?” Lucius asked, getting straight to the point.</p>

      <p>“No, I’m afraid I don’t know his precise location... He’s able to fly about the sky freely, as you know. He also moves at an extraordinary speed,” Reiss said without batting an eye, his explanation the same as it had always been.</p>

      <p>“So you don’t know the bastard’s location, but you say you can set the stage for a battle for me. If you end up saying anything wrong, I’ll be acting by myself. I won’t go along with your stalling any longer,” Lucius said threateningly.</p>

      <p>“I understand. However, I’d like you to listen to my explanation of why this time spent waiting isn’t a waste. If you can understand my reasoning, I hope you will be willing to wait until the right moment arrives. If you’re insistent on rushing towards your death, then I will cancel the arrangements myself.” Reiss sounded oddly serious for once.</p>

      <p>The two of them stared at each other.</p>

      <p>“...Fine,” Lucius nodded without breaking eye contact.</p>

      <p>“Then, for my explanation: as insurance for the worst-case scenario, I’m thinking of kidnapping the people close to the Black Knight. Once I’ve secured that insurance, I can promise not to lay a finger on your fight with him,” Reiss explained.</p>

      <p>“I see. They might know where Rio is too. It’s not a bad idea.” Of course, Lucius had also considered obtaining a hostage.</p>

      <p>“However, it’s easier said than done. There is one problem with this plan.”</p>

      <p>“No doubt.” Lucius’s reply was immediate. He knew Reiss wasn’t foolish enough to pass on an opportunity with guaranteed success. In this regard, he trusted him completely.</p>

      <p>“I’ve identified several candidates that could be secured as hostages and located them. As you may have seen in the documents on the Black Knight, the candidates are either powerful themselves, or have powerful people around them... It’s been a challenge to find an easy mark to grab. If I slip up, I’ll be making an enemy out of him in the future, so the only time I can act is when I’m certain of my success. That is why I’d like your cooperation in securing the hostages,” Reiss said with a dramatic sigh.</p>

      <p>“...Who’s the target?”</p>

      <p>“The first candidate is Celia Claire. As you know, she was his former teacher at the Beltrum Academy back when he was attending. She’s currently affiliated with the Restoration in Rodania. That being said, I cannot imagine the Black Knight would leave her completely defenseless, so there’s a high possibility his contract spirit is acting as her guard... Even then, she would probably be the best target.”</p>

      <p>“For what reason? Doesn’t his contract spirit have a fair amount of hidden strength?”</p>

      <p>“The reason is plain and simple—helpless women make the best hostages, no? And no matter how strong that humanoid spirit is, there’s a limit to what can be handled alone. There are plenty of ways to deal with a spirit burdened by a hindrance.”</p>

      <p>“...I see.” Though faint, Lucius showed a pleased smile for the first time at that.</p>

      <p>“His contract spirit is menacing, but as long as nothing else gets in the way, the two of us should be able to get it done; we should be able to kidnap Celia. She would also make a good political bargaining chip in the future,” Reiss said with a twisted grin.</p>

      <p>“Ha, you’re one greedy bastard yourself,” Lucius sneered, seeing through him.</p>

      <p>“If I didn’t gain something as well, you wouldn’t believe me anyway,” Reiss said, understanding Lucius well.</p>

      <p>“Well, yeah...”</p>

      <p>“How about it? I’ll apologize for putting on airs over such a straightforward means, but I believe hostages are a method you also enjoy using. As long as there’s a hostage, there will be no need to fear my interference. It’s not a bad idea—in fact, I believe it’s a most reasonable suggestion...”</p>

      <p>“...Fine. We’ll take a hostage.” Though he had a hint of displeasure on his face, Lucius nodded.</p>

      <p>“Excellent.” The corners of Reiss’s mouth lifted upwards.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. When do you plan on going through with this?” Lucius snorted and asked.</p>

      <p>“It’s short notice, but in two days’ time. That’s why I sent Arein and the others off in advance. They are to spend one day gathering information about Celia Claire, and if the situation looks favorable, then we’ll go ahead with the plan.”</p>

      <p>“Sounds like everything’s been planned from start to finish. Exactly how you want it.” Lucius’s frown spoke of his discontent towards that.</p>

      <p>“You’re overestimating me there. I’ve had consecutive miscalculations in regards to the Black Knight, after all. Why, a new miscalculation occurred right when we were absent from the castle...” Reiss lamented.</p>

      <p>“I heard an intruder snuck into the castle last night. And that they fought that Nidoll and escaped,” Lucius suddenly said.</p>

      <p>“...Oh? You’re aware of it already. Nidoll said he placed a gag order on the topic, so I was thinking of informing you as a sign of our collaboration.” Reiss’s eyes widened in apparent surprise.</p>

      <p>“Don’t play the fool. You predicted Rio would come to this castle too, didn’t you? Even though you said you didn’t know his location just now...” Lucius questioned him with emphasis on his words.</p>

      <p>“The former was a miscalculation. He probably took into account my position as the Proxia Empire ambassador and snuck here suspecting my connection to you,” Reiss stated with an indifferent expression.</p>

      <p>Lucius knew that Reiss was in regular contact with the imperial capital. He probably received word that Rio had invaded the castle before deciding to return at this point in time.</p>

      <p>“...Then what about the latter?”</p>

      <p>Figuring he would just be lied to anyway, Lucius didn’t pry any further into the former. He wasn’t satisfied, but it was a better idea to remain silent about that here.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t lie to you. At present, I do not know of his precise location. However, thanks to Nidoll’s quick-wittedness on the spur of the moment, I do have an idea of his destination.”</p>

      <p>“Where is it?” Lucius questioned immediately with hatred burning in his eyes.</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to glare at me with those terrifying eyes—I won’t hide anything at this point. He’s heading for Prince Duran in the Paladia Kingdom, since Nidoll received information that you were working there just recently.”</p>

      <p>“Paladia, huh... Not bad. Finally some luck on our side.” Lucius smiled faintly at the lead he finally received on Rio’s whereabouts.</p>

      <p>“And so, I’ll be heading to the Paladia Kingdom now to prepare Prince Duran for contact with him. I’ll have Prince Duran guide him towards a specified location, so you should stay here and conserve your energy. I will return soon. If you disappear without notice in the future, I will consider our collaborative partnership terminated, so don’t try anything strange,” Reiss emphasized. He probably had no intention of telling Lucius where specifically in Paladia they would hold their fight, as a matter of insurance.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” Lucius snorted in discontent at being ordered to wait.</p>

      <p>“Hastiness will invite mistakes. I’m sure you’re feeling impatient knowing he’s heading for Paladia, but securing the hostages comes first. We need to confirm Celia Claire’s situation in Rodania and the presence of the humanoid spirit, so wait one more day. I would have preferred to spend several days observing her, so I’ve brought things forward for your sake already,” Reiss said with a sigh, sensing Lucius’s displeasure.</p>

      <p>“Get out of my sight and go where you should be going,” Lucius spat with venom. He waved his hand as though he were shooing away an irritating bug.</p>

      <p>“Understood.” Reiss gave a troubled shrug and turned around, leaving through the door.</p>

      <p>“Arrogant bastard... You don’t know anything,” Lucius muttered to himself in the empty room, standing up to open the door leading to his bedroom. He then called out to the three men waiting inside. “Hey. Arein, Lucci, Ven.”</p>

      <p>The three people Reiss thought he had sent to Rodania were here. They were technically Lucius’s subordinates in the Heavenly Lions, but were presently being lent to Reiss as agents of the Proxia Empire.</p>

      <p>“I was so anxious Reiss would notice. That was bad for my heart,” Arein said with a strained smile, exuding a cold sweat.</p>

      <p>“Not even Reiss would realize the coordinates of the teleport crystals you used led to my room. Using them from his stock was the right move,” Lucius chuckled. Since a magic artifact was required to set the destination coordinates on teleport crystals, crystals and artifacts needed to come in a set.</p>

      <p>On top of that, there were also magic artifacts that created barriers preventing the detection of ode and mana fluctuation from teleportation. Lucius used such an artifact to invite Arein and the others to his room without Reiss’s notice.</p>

      <p>“But our remaining stock is really low now. Reiss has been carefully managing the teleport crystals and coordinate artifacts,” said Ven.</p>

      <p>“Tell me how many you have left, including the ones we pilfered,” Lucius ordered, taking a Strahl region map from his shelf and spreading it open on his bed.</p>

      <p>“One teleport crystal Reiss gave us to go to Rodania just now. One that leads to the Galarc Kingdom’s capital. One to a forest in the east of Beltrum where we hid to gather information. Then there’s seven sets of free teleport crystals we’ve pocketed from our missions until now.” Ven took out small pouches of teleport crystals from his breast pocket, placing each on the map at the destination point labeled on the pouches. He left the seven pouches with the free destination crystals on top of the imperial capital where they currently were.</p>

      <p>“...I have two teleport crystals to where I was hiding in the Paladia Kingdom, and one to the royal capital there.”</p>

      <p>Lucius took out two pouches of teleport crystals and placed them on the map as well.</p>

      <p>“Will you get the jump on Reiss with this, Captain?” Lucci asked.</p>

      <p>“I’m considering it. As long as we can secure a different hostage to Reiss in the next day, anything works. The problem is whether there are any women with hostage potential left that he hasn’t set his eyes on...” Lucius said, looking down at the documents regarding Rio. The papers had Rio’s past and human relationships recorded on it, detailing how the former orphan from the slums had obtained new people precious to him and was living happily. It was truly a report that infuriated him the more he read, but that was precisely why he examined it carefully from cover to cover.</p>

      <p>The people who were deeply related to Rio were noted down with their names and details, but apart from Celia, none of their locations were known. The next most acquainted people with him were also listed, but their locations were either out of reach of the crystals or too securely guarded within a castle.</p>

      <p><em>Should we grab the hero in the Galarc Castle? But with Reiss’s eyes on me, I can’t leave.</em></p>

      <p>The ones who would actually be doing the abducting were Arein and the others. They were all excellent fighters personally trained by Lucius himself, but there was no guarantee they could successfully sneak into a castle and face a hero on par with Renji at the very least. If they failed, they could risk getting captured themselves.</p>

      <p>“...Maybe we could just grab the Beltrum sisters?” Lucius muttered, looking through the documents again. The report noted the relationship between Rio and the royal sisters—that Rio attended the Beltrum Royal Academy years ago, how he was treated there, and so on...</p>

      <p><em>I don’t know about the older one, but the younger one already proved to have hostage value when we fought at Amande.</em></p>

      <p>Lucius looked at the text about Rio and the royal sisters while recalling the Amande battle with a sneer.</p>

      <p>Back then, Rio had definitely tried to protect Flora. In other words, even if Rio had an unpleasant past with them, they could still be used as hostages.</p>

      <p><em>Thanks to this left eye, I can move short distances easier than before, but I still can’t underestimate that bastard’s mobility in closing distances at instant speeds. I’ll need to pin him down with hostages to seal his movement. It’ll be fine as long as he has a burden on his side. I’ll show him what it’s like to obtain the power to protect others without being able to use it. That’ll infuriate him.</em></p>

      <p>He was an avenger, yet he surrounded himself with people precious to him. He tried to protect irrelevant strangers. What reason did he have to do that?</p>

      <p>Was a human seeking revenge really trying to keep a high sense of ethics at the same time? If someone carrying such impurities really came to kill him, Lucius would laugh. Then, he would be truly pissed off.</p>

      <p>That was pure deceit. It was hypocrisy—the work of a fool. Sacrificing yourself to protect the weak was unthinkable. It shouldn’t happen.</p>

      <p>There was nothing to gain by keeping up that behavior. There would only be things to lose. Someone born in the slums choosing the path of revenge should know that well, yet Rio was trying to keep up his appearance. That was something extremely displeasing. Revolting, even.</p>

      <p>Rio’s face—Rio’s eyes when he appeared at Amande for revenge were unforgettable, even now. That attitude that suppressed hatred in order to remain rational...</p>

      <p><em>You and I are birds of the same feather.</em></p>

      <p>That was why he would expose that filthy character of Rio’s and make him taste despair. On top of that, he’d drag Rio’s half-dead body before his precious people, and steal them from him.</p>

      <p>That would be Lucius’s retaliation towards Rio. He’d take hostages in order to trap Rio, but he wouldn’t let anyone else get in the way.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll take a hostage. But I never said I’d do so in collaboration with you, Reiss. I told you that bastard was my prey. I’ll take a hostage out of my own will, but no one said I’d use the hostage you prepared.</em></p>

      <p>There was no beast that hunted prey placed fully prepared before them. At the very least, Lucius wouldn’t accept that. It was a different matter when he moved of his own will, but he couldn’t stand being used by others. The only reason why he had moved according to Reiss’s orders until now was to find Rio’s location.</p>

      <p>After that, Lucius spent some time staring at the documents with a serious face. Arein and the others watched on silently.</p>

      <p>Once he had organized his thoughts, Lucius opened his mouth and said, “Reiss is heading to Duran in the Paladia Kingdom right now. I can’t move from this castle. In order to get the jump on him, you’ll have to move for me.”</p>

      <p>“As you wish,” the three of them nodded with wide grins.</p>

      <p>“First, the hostage candidates are the royal sisters of Beltrum. You’ll send them to my hideout in the Paladia Forest. Not even Reiss knows of that precise location—it’ll be perfect for outsmarting him,” Lucius chuckled with contempt. “Ven, you warp to Rodania immediately after this and sniff out where the siblings are by tomorrow evening. Take a free teleport crystal and set the coordinates before returning.”</p>

      <p>“Roger that.” Ven picked up the pouch with the crystal that led to Rodania, and one of the free destination crystal pouches.</p>

      <p>“So what should Arein and I do?” Lucci asked with an excited grin.</p>

      <p>“Once you’ve confirmed Reiss’s return, Lucci will go to the Paladia capital. Buy enough supplies so that the princesses don’t drop dead, then teleport to the woods and stock up the cabin. Make your way back here by tomorrow evening.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>“Arein, you’ll go with Lucci to the Paladia capital. However, you’ll be moving separately once you get there. Get in touch with the first prince Duran as my messenger—tell him to act like he’s following Reiss’s instructions while actually following mine. Duran will be the messenger that lures the bastard to the forest. Return by tomorrow evening.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>Lucius fired off his orders one after another. Lucci and Arein each picked up the respective teleport crystals they needed.</p>

      <p>“Once you’ve finished up your business, you’ll all go to Rodania together. In order to look like you were following Reiss’s orders, that is. We’ll play whatever follows that by ear, but in two days’ time, I’ll find a moment to dump Reiss and go to Paladia. Before that happens, you guys have to kidnap the princesses and return to Rodania without Reiss’s notice.”</p>

      <p>“We just leave the royal sisters in the woods after kidnapping them?” Lucci asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes. If I assigned one of you as a guard, Reiss would notice your absence and suspect our movements. With our lack of personnel, I’ll have to be the one to retrieve the princesses after I outsmart him. If Reiss tries to shake you down for answers, pretend you don’t know anything and make it work in my favor. You might even get to see his expression look panicked, you know?”</p>

      <p>Lucius wouldn’t be able to see that face. However, just imagining it was enough to send the corners of his mouth upwards cheerily.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>