<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“I’ll be off now,” Aishia said once Orphia caught Celia, who was still in a fluster. Aishia accelerated upwards once again, flying after Reiss.</p>

      <p><em>It doesn’t look like she’ll be giving up. Honestly, what an unlucky day. </em>Reiss had a rare look of pain on his face. Just how did things end up like this? He recalled the events leading up to this moment...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Shortly before Rio left for the Proxia Empire...</p>

      <p>On the upper balcony of the Proxia Castle stood Lucius, Emperor Nidoll, and Ambassador Reiss. Lucius had barged in on them.</p>

      <p>“The bastard is my prey,” he said about Rio, then left, leaving Nidoll and Reiss behind on the balcony.</p>

      <p>“Now...shall I explain the plan to kill Haruto Amakawa—the boy also known as Rio and the Black Knight?” Reiss brought up cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“You’re killing him? Was the brat not capable of reaching the transcendent ones?” Nidoll asked frankly.</p>

      <p>“Well, part of the reason why the transcendent ones were brought up as an example was to control Lucius. Though it seems it had no effect at all.” Reiss shrugged in annoyance. “However, it’s true that the Black Knight’s combat power exceeds those of the great hero class from the time of the Divine War. While I don’t know if he’s capable of wide-ranged attacks like the awakened heroes, it would be wise to consider his individual combat ability just as threatening as theirs. He does have a contract with a humanoid spirit, after all. Their threat when combined would be...”</p>

      <p>“Something that would surpass an awakened hero?” Nidoll’s expression twisted with a grin.</p>

      <p>“You seem rather pleased. This isn’t good news for me, though.” Reiss sighed wearily.</p>

      <p><em>I’m sure their combined power cannot reach that of the transcendent ones, but the fact they’re equal to the awakened heroes means they’ll be equal to us when unbound... Which would be extremely problematic if true, </em>Reiss thought.</p>

      <p>“And so you plan on splitting them up and crushing them individually. Indeed, that is one of the fundamentals of war.” Nidoll correctly guessed the general plan Reiss was thinking of.</p>

      <p>“Yes. He should be utterly convinced that Lucius is connected to me, being that I am the ambassador of the Proxia Empire. If his resentment for Lucius is strong, he shouldn’t be able to overlook this country. It won’t be long before he comes here—to this very castle. We should use that chance carefully.”</p>

      <p>“And that is when you want me to pass a message on to the Black Knight?”</p>

      <p>Reiss nodded in satisfaction. “I’m glad you’re quick on the uptake. However, his arrival will be unpredictable, and if he comes across Lucius, we’ll end up involved in a destructive head-on collision between them. This situation will need to be avoided.”</p>

      <p>“That seems interesting as well.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not interesting for me. That is why there will be a need to prepare a different location for the showdown and make Lucius avoid the castle for the time being. I shall take on that role myself.”</p>

      <p>“In which case, my role will be to guide the Black Knight.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. If his target is merely Lucius, then he wouldn’t want to fight more people for no reason. Use that to your advantage and have him follow Lucius.”</p>

      <p>“Will it really go that smoothly?”</p>

      <p>“That will depend on your capabilities, and a little bit of luck. If he decides that this castle isn’t worth his time for a visit, then the plan would be ruined.”</p>

      <p>“It would.”</p>

      <p>“However, in that case, we can just guide him in another way to the battlefield I shall prepare. But I do believe he will stop by this castle. Not even he should be able to slip past the castle’s barrier undetected, so it’ll be your time to shine once he’s snuck in.”</p>

      <p>“Naturally, I should treat him as an intruder. Is that correct?” Nidoll asked with a slight bounce to his voice.</p>

      <p>“As long as you guide him to the location of the battlefield, I leave the rest to you. However, you absolutely must clarify that your relationship with Lucius is as mercenary and employer, and you must hint that Lucius is in the Paladia Kingdom. That is what I request of you.”</p>

      <p>“The battlefield shall be Paladia, you say. It is a shame I cannot go there myself... I will have to make do with enjoying the opening act. It has been some time since I last faced a powerful opponent. It makes my heart leap.” Nidoll spoke brightly as he imagined his confrontation with Rio here.</p>

      <p>“Keep things in moderation... Even if he does sneak in, he won’t fight with the intent to kill, as his goal is to obtain information. If the battle gets too heated and intense, the worst may come to pass.” Reiss narrowed his eyes as he emphasized his point.</p>

      <p>“Surely that mustn’t be the sound of concern for my defeat that I am hearing. And from you, no less.”</p>

      <p>“If it comes down to an all-out battle, then even you will be in an unfavorable position in your current state. It may not be what you want to hear, but have some restraint in your fun.”</p>

      <p>“Fine.”</p>

      <p>“Good. During that time, I’ll drag Lucius around and work on securing our victory.”</p>

      <p>“What do you intend on doing?” Nidoll asked in interest.</p>

      <p>“My first idea is to bring at least one of the heroes onto our side as a pawn. At worst, we can stimulate their awakening and throw them against the Black Knight.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Speaking of heroes, there was a report that a certain church has made a move.”</p>

      <p>“You mean the saint of the Church of the End? I was planning on leaving that case until after the Black Knight had been dealt with. In terms of a threat, he is far above them.”</p>

      <p>“Which hero do you intend on luring to this side, then?”</p>

      <p>“There’s one hero without any affiliation to a kingdom or organization, masquerading as an adventurer. There’s been various activity around the Rubia Kingdom’s princess regarding that, so I am considering using this opportunity to take the hero in. If things go according to plan, this should act as a distraction for Lucius as well.”</p>

      <p>“How overly protective of you.”</p>

      <p>“There is no better candidate at present than Lucius, after all... I’d like to avoid losing him at all costs. That is why I’m bending over backwards trying to keep him pleased.” Reiss shook his head tiredly, while Nidoll smirked in agreement.</p>

      <p>“I’m sure it’s beyond my imagination. So, what will be the core of your plan for victory over the Black Knight?”</p>

      <p>“It’s simple. We just have to take hostages. Rio may be strong, but he’s susceptible to what will happen if we take hostages. It’ll merely be a matter of taking someone precious to him from his home base while he’s away. We’ll be making a total enemy of him if we mess up, but, well... This method will suit Lucius’s tastes much more, so it will be easier to gain his cooperation,” Reiss said with a cold laugh. Defeating an enemy by aiming for their weakness was a normal tactic in battle.</p>

      <p>“I see,” Nidoll hummed with meaning.</p>

      <p>“Does something worry you?”</p>

      <p>“You are indeed a cunning man. You excel in making people do things for you. However, perhaps there’s something that you’re forgetting?”</p>

      <p>“Which would be...?”</p>

      <p>“That Lucius is also a cunning beast. He moves on instinct, preying on others. He isn’t of the caliber to be kept as a pet.”</p>

      <p>“I do believe I am aware.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t know how you’ve calculated your victory, but... No matter how much Lucius is forced into working with you in order to locate the Black Knight, as long as you hide the important things from him, he won’t obey you,” Nidoll warned.</p>

      <p>“Fine. I shall find the occasion to tell him everything other than the fact his beloved boy is coming to the castle,” Reiss said, raising both shoulders.</p>

      <p>“I see. I’ve given my warning.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Now, it’s about time I take my leave.”</p>

      <p>With the essential matters discussed, Reiss turned his back to Nidoll and walked off.</p>

      <p>“Now, what to do from here...” Nidoll’s muttering was delightfully animated.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>