<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Indeed, you’ve reduced them by quite the number. It seems like aiming for your essence to run dry wasn’t the best plan. Which means I’ll have to face you directly from here on...” Reiss muttered with a sigh, raising his right hand into the air. The skeletons scattered around him turned into a murky black mist, gathering around his body. The mist soon changed shape and enlarged itself.</p>

      <p>However, Aishia wasn’t about to watch that happen quietly. She used spirit arts to finish off the remaining monsters that attacked her and launched several light spheres at the black mist. The light spheres all made contact with the mist, but—</p>

      <p><em>He’s absorbing the spell...?</em></p>

      <p>The spell had no impact. Aishia could imagine what was happening. Since magic projectiles wouldn’t work, she tried ice spears—but they were also sucked into the mist without any resistance.</p>

      <p>During that time, all the monsters attacking her were eliminated, leaving only the black mist that Reiss was within.</p>

      <p>After some time, a humanoid skeleton appeared from within the mist. It had a similar form to the skeleton warriors Reiss had created earlier.</p>

      <p>However, its size and sinister aura couldn’t be compared to the earlier skeletons. Its body was bigger than the minotaur, and it was equipped with a giant one-handed sword, a sturdy shield, and armor. It even had wings, implying it could fly through the air. It was truly like a demon or fallen angel had descended.</p>

      <p><em>This is his true form?</em> Aishia tilted her head curiously.</p>

      <p>But just as she did, the enormous skeleton knight closed in on her at a speed surpassing the minotaurs, easily swinging the several-meter-long sword.</p>

      <p>However, Aishia activated her invisible wall and directly caught the attack. At the same time, she fired a shock wave as a counterattack.</p>

      <p>A thundering boom echoed. However, the giant skeleton knight was only knocked back slightly, without being sent flying. It had blocked the shock wave with the shield in its hand.</p>

      <p><em>He’s much sturdier than the others.</em></p>

      <p>In that case, she just needed more firepower. Having determined that in an instant, Aishia fired successful powerful shock waves to execute her plan.</p>

      <p>The impact created was visually similar to a sonic boom, the energy gathered together on the skeleton knight releasing at once.</p>

      <p>“...” Without even a groan, the shield in the skeleton knight’s hand disintegrated into dust. As proof of the tremendous force, its large body lifted into the air and flew backwards. The skeleton knight flapped its wings in an attempt to soften the landing, but Aishia fired a further shock wave. This time there was no shield to stop her, and the skeleton knight received the damage directly against its body. Cracks appeared across the entire skeleton.</p>

      <p>Far above in the skies, one figure watched all of it unfold.</p>

      <p><em>This is the strongest familiar I can create right now. Though it can’t reach the level of the great heroes, it should be able to easily crush several people of the hero class. Even then, the best it can do is buy some time... How truly terrifying</em>, Reiss thought. <em>Well, if she can defeat that and mistakenly assume she’s defeated me, it’d be for the best. I still need to track Lucius’s whereabouts, so I’d better leave before she finds me—otherwise she really will put an end to me. My stock of powerful monsters has been diminished quite a bit too.</em></p>

      <p>A tactical retreat was the smartest option here. Reiss immediately flew away in an embodiment of that idea; his figure was soon hidden by the clouds and no longer visible.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the skeleton knight was lying faceup on the ground, silent. Its limbs had been crushed, but it was still struggling to move until Aishia landed on its torso and stomped down.</p>

      <p>She landed with such incredible force, the impact completely crushed the bones of its torso. The energy of the impact carried through to the ground, creating a small crater.</p>

      <p>Then, the eerie light in the skeleton’s eyes faded. One beat later, the body turned into mist and dispersed. There was no magic gem left behind.</p>

      <p>“...Did I defeat him?” Alone in the empty wasteland, Aishia cocked her head.</p>

      <p>“His presence is gone. There’s no magic gem either.” He surely had to be defeated. But for some reason, something didn’t feel right—it was almost like it had been too easy. Why was that? Unsure of the reason, she looked around at her surroundings for a while. But the eerie aura was completely gone.</p>

      <p><em>I couldn’t find out who Reiss really was in the end...</em></p>

      <p>If he was going to die this easily, she should have questioned him a bit more, Aishia thought.</p>

      <p>There was nothing to be gained today. That’s why she felt like her efforts were in vain.</p>

      <p><em>“Do you even know who you are?”</em></p>

      <p>Aishia suddenly recalled Reiss’s words.</p>

      <p>“...I don’t know who I really am,” Aishia muttered with a slightly saddened expression. Why? For some reason, recalling her conversation with Reiss made her heart stir restlessly.</p>

      <p><em>Time to return to Celia and the others.</em></p>

      <p>She wanted to see them immediately. And Rio too... With a final glance around the area, Aishia flew for the stone house.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>