<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 14</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“The atmosphere calmed down so quickly,” Alma chuckled.</p>

      <p>“Indeed it did.” Sara sighed tiredly.</p>

      <p>“Hehe,” Orphia giggled.</p>

      <p>“I don’t want to say anything arrogant, so I won’t. However, once everything’s over, I will return to this house. Until then, can I leave this place to you? While I hope nothing will happen, it’s possible that something may occur to this house or Rodania while I’m away. If an emergency arises, I hope you can all support Aishia.”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you. I appreciate it,” Rio replied.</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing to thank us for.”</p>

      <p>“Yup.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>Sara, Orphia, and Alma chimed in.</p>

      <p>“No, there are so many things I have to thank you all for.”</p>

      <p>“Really? I can’t seem to think of any reason why we need to be thanked...” The girls exchanged curious looks.</p>

      <p>“Part of the reason why I decided against disappearing from you all was also because of Sara, Orphia, Alma, and Latifa. That’s why.”</p>

      <p>“Well, we don’t remember doing anything.”</p>

      <p>Sara and the others still looked curious.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true. You’re waiting for someone like me to return. You’re telling me that it’s okay for me to return. I still have my doubts about whether it’s truly okay for me to come back, but I’m really happy because of that,” Rio said quietly. That’s why he thought it would be okay to change.</p>

      <p>Sara, Orphia, and Alma suddenly looked embarrassed. Latifa was grinning from ear to ear, while Miharu watched them all with a pleasant smile.</p>

      <p>“Th-There’s no need to thank us for something that’s only natural.” Sara made eye contact with Rio, then averted her gaze with an unsteady voice.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Sara’s being shy,” Orphia pointed out in amusement.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m not being shy,” Sara turned away and denied.</p>

      <p>Alma joined the teasing after seeing that, and the others all smiled in amusement. Rio smiled too.</p>

      <p>This occurred one week before Rio snuck into the Proxia Castle. It was a peaceful moment of time, like the calm before a storm.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>