<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Eminence in Shadow</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:241ba358-8527-4226-9c4c-a389e3116468" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix009">
<h1 class="appendix-title"><a id="page-269"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix009">Afterword</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Thank you all for reading Volume 3 of <em>The Eminence in Shadow</em>.</p>
<p class="space-break1">I have two announcements I’d like to make to you all.</p>
<p>First of all, the first volume of Anri Sakano’s manga adaptation of <em>The Eminence in Shadow</em> is now available for purchase!</p>
<p>It has a short story I wrote about Shadow Garden’s early days bundled with it, so I hope you’ll all go check it out.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Next, I want to talk a little about where <em>The Eminence in Shadow</em> is going from here.</p>
<p>As some of you may already be aware, this series is a novelization of a serial I wrote on a website called <em>Shousetsuka ni Narou</em>.</p>
<p>The books have had some revisions, but the contents as a whole have been largely the same as the web version, which is a fact I’d like to apologize for.</p>
<p>As a result, I took it upon myself to change the plot a little for Volume 3 to make it more interesting for all of you. The main plot points are still the same, but I changed some of the details around and touched up some sections to try and make the novelization a little different from the web version.</p>
<p class="space-break1">For Volume 4, I’ve decided to write an all-new original story!</p>
<p>It’s going to be completely different from the web version, so even people who’ve already read it online will be able to enjoy it as well. It might take me a little while, but I’m going to write the best, most interesting story yet!</p>
<p><a id="page-270"></a>I’m going to try my hardest to make Volume 4 as awesome as possible for all my amazing readers, so I hope you’ll tune in next time to <em>The Eminence in Shadow</em>!</p>
<p class="space-break1">I’m getting to the end here, so I’d like to say some words of gratitude.</p>
<p>I’d like to thank my editor for helping me through the entire publishing process. I’d like to thank Touzai for the best illustrations I could ever hope for. I’d like to express my appreciation for Araki at BALCOLONY. for the incredible designs that color this book. Lastly, I’d like to thank my readers for their support. Thank you again from the bottom of my heart.</p>
<p>Let’s meet again in Volume 4!</p>
<p class="right"><strong><em>Daisuke Aizawa</em></strong></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>