<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Eminence in Shadow</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:241ba358-8527-4226-9c4c-a389e3116468" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter006">
<p><a id="page-019"></a>“Whaddaya think you’re laughin’ at?!”</p>
<p>“Hee-hee-hee, I think I’m pretty stupid, but…it’s always funny when I find someone even stupider than me…”</p>
<p>“The hell you say?!”</p>
<p>“Hee-hee. You really should know your place… Now, it’s too late.”</p>
<p>The white-haired man sheds a section of his rags, exposing the right side of his body.</p>
<p>There’s nothing from the shoulder down.</p>
<p>“This was the result of <em>my</em> stupidity when I tried to challenge the Blood Queen four years ago… Not only did it cost me my arm, but now I’m a lowly Watchdog on a leash…”</p>
<p>There’s a thick collar with a chain fastened around the man’s neck.</p>
<p>“Ha. I’m Quinton, a Bushin Festival veteran. And he’s Goldy the Victorious Golden Dragon. We ain’t chumps like you.”</p>
<p>“Hee-hee. That means nothing to me… I have a policy of not remembering the names of anyone weaker than me…”</p>
<p>“Huh? And just who the hell are you supposed to be?”</p>
<p>“Hee-hee, I’m just a Watchdog… But once, long ago…they used to call me the White Demon…”</p>
<p>“The White Demon? Never hearda you. Goldy, you know this guy?” Quinton turns to his partner.</p>
<p>Goldy shakes his head. “It does sound familiar, but… Sorry, I can’t pin it down.”</p>
<p>However, his eyes are fixed cautiously on the Watchdog.</p>
<p>“And there ya have it, Mr. Nobody,” Quinton snaps.</p>
<p>“Hee-hee. Fine by me. The names of the stupid are best forgotten anyways…”</p>
<p>“No hard feelings, but we’re goin’ through that door whether you like it or not.”</p>
<p>“Ah, but I’m a Watchdog… I can’t just go letting weaklings by me…”</p>
<p>“…Eh. It’s your funeral.” Quinton glares at the Watchdog and unsheathes his blade.</p>
<p>The Watchdog reaches down with his left hand and draws his narrow, <a id="page-020"></a>single-edged sword in kind. It’s a beautiful weapon and longer than he is tall.</p>
<p>Goldy follows suit and draws his blade. “Quinton…be careful.”</p>
<p>“Whaddaya mean, be careful?”</p>
<p>“That man… I just can’t gauge how strong he is.”</p>
<p>“What? That one-armed pile of skin and bones? You’re full of it!”</p>
<p>Quinton ignores Goldy’s warning and attacks.</p>
<p>His greatsword casts a shining trail through the evening sunlight—and a moment later, blood sprays.</p>
<p>“…Huh?”</p>
<p>Cleaved neatly in two, pieces of the greatsword clatter on the ground.</p>
<p>“Q-Quinton!” Goldy shouts, and as he does, Quinton crumples from the gaping wound in his chest.</p>
<p>“Now, then… Who’s next…?” The Watchdog stands before Goldy, drenched in Quinton’s blood.</p>
<p>“D-damn you!”</p>
<p>Goldy hadn’t been able to make out the Watchdog’s slash that downed his friend.</p>
<p>All he saw was the spray of blood and the greatsword falling.</p>
<p>It was an incredible display of skill.</p>
<p>Goldy can tell the Watchdog stands far, far above them—despite being robbed of his dominant arm and being reduced to skin and bones.</p>
<p>He readies his sword regardless.</p>
<p>He hasn’t known Quinton for long. However, they were united by the common goal to get back on their feet after the same crushing defeat.</p>
<p>“Don’t worry… He’s still alive. He’s no good dead, after all…” The Watchdog laughs.</p>
<p>“How dare you!!”</p>
<p>Goldy gathers magic in his sword, then unleashes his strongest attack.</p>
<p>“Demonic Golden Dragon! Fatality Strike!!”</p>
<p>The moment he releases it, his eyes meet the Watchdog’s.</p>
<p>The Watchdog’s eyes are black and horribly bloodshot. When Goldy meets this bottomless gaze, he suddenly remembers who the White Demon is.</p>
<p><a id="page-021"></a>“W-wait, you’re…”</p>
<p>The Watchdog’s lips curl upward.</p>
<p>If this one-armed skeleton really is the White Demon…</p>
<p>Understanding the insurmountable difference in their strength, Goldy makes a spur-of-the-moment choice and fires his attack into the ground.</p>
<p>“Hmm…?”</p>
<p>A massive cloud of dust billows up.</p>
<p>Receding footsteps echo out, and a shout reverberates through the air. “Quinton!! I swear—I swear I’ll come back for you!!”</p>
<p>“Fleeing, huh…? Well, I can’t follow him… I’m a Watchdog, after all…”</p>
<p>The Watchdog sweeps away the dust with a single swing of his sword, then watches Goldy sprint off.</p>
<p>“Hee-hee, but… Will he be able to get out unscathed…?”</p>
<p>As the Watchdog watches, the doors to the houses creak open, and their “residents” swarm Goldy.</p>
<p>“Hee, hee-hee-hee. Hee-hee-hee-hee-hee…!”</p>
<p>He looks up at the towering skyscrapers.</p>
<p>The Lawless City—the world’s dumping grounds, controlled by three rulers in three lofty towers.</p>
<p>A world operating on survival of the fittest, where evil, wealth, and power from all over the globe congregate.</p>
<p>A world that no kings, no knights, and no monsters can intervene in.</p>
<p>Welcome to the Lawless City.</p>
<p>A world where might makes right.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>