<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Eminence in Shadow, Vol. 3</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter014">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a id="page-055"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter014">Chapter 2</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter014">Storming the Crimson Tower!</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">There are three forces rushing toward the Crimson Tower.</p>
<p>One is the Tyrant on a violent rampage.</p>
<p>The man is like a tanned goliath. His weapon is a massive, billhook-shaped slab of iron, and he uses it in conjunction with his raw brute strength to cleave through the ghouls.</p>
<p>Nobody dares get near him. The moment they do, they’re bound to be reduced to mincemeat.</p>
<p>The next force is the Spirit Fox, prancing toward the tower.</p>
<p>She’s a foxwoman with bewitching beauty and fur the color of snow. Nine tails shine in the moonlight. Each of her hands holds an iron-ribbed folding fan, and she weaves an elegant dance as she slices through ghoul after ghoul.</p>
<p>The moment their eyes are led astray by the alluring skin peeking out from within her kimono, she brings them to their eternal slumber.</p>
<p>As they massacre their way through the creatures, the two forces crash into each other.</p>
<p>“Screw you, vixen!”</p>
<p>“What a positively troublesome man you are.” The Spirit Fox skillfully repels the Tyrant’s billhook.</p>
<p>When it smashes into the ground, a large cloud of dust flies up.</p>
<p>“Been a while, Spirit Fox.” A fiendish smile spreads across Juggernaut’s face.</p>
<p>Yukime sighs in annoyance. “I, personally, would have preferred not to see you at all.”</p>
<p>“Hey, I’m just here for the bloodsuckers. But I’m happy to put your <a id="page-056"></a>ass in the ground, too.” Juggernaut brandishes his gigantic weapon like it’s a toy.</p>
<p>“Nobody likes a persistent man, you know.” Yukime readies her fans in turn.</p>
<p>But the moment the two of them are about to attack, the final force converges on their position.</p>
<p>A man wearing a jet-black longcoat silently descends through the night.</p>
<p>Then, in the blink of an eye, he vivisects his three vampiric pursuers.</p>
<p>Seeing the man’s agility stuns the Tyrant. His movements are smooth, explosive, overwhelmingly powerful. Even the Tyrant finds himself forced to admit the man is strong.</p>
<p>What impresses the Spirit Fox is the way he handles his sword.</p>
<p>She’s lived a long time, but she’s never seen such beautiful swordplay or such efficient, economical technique. His sword dance is practically an art, to the point that it amazes even Yukime.</p>
<p>The two speak in unison.</p>
<p>“Who the hell’re you…?”</p>
<p>“And who might this be…?”</p>
<p>The man in black turns to look at them as he shakes the blood clean from his sword.</p>
<p>“My name is Shadow. I lurk in the darkness and hunt down shadows…”</p>
<p>And with that, the three forces collide.</p>
<p>Each of them tries to stare the others down.</p>
<p>Yukime’s eyes are like pools of still water, Juggernaut’s are black and have a falcon-like glint in them, and Shadow’s are red, glowing, and inhuman.</p>
<p>“Shadow…? I feel like I’ve heard of ya before.”</p>
<p>“Rumor has it that there lies a mysterious armed group called the Shadow Garden outside the city. Its leader goes by the same name, it would seem.”</p>
<p>“Oh, so he’s <em>that</em> Shadow.”</p>
<p>“The rumors were of questionable veracity, but the man has the skills to support these claims, it seems.”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>