<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main"/>

    <h1>Bonus Short Story</h1>

    <h1>The Bored Princess</h1>

    <p>In the Galarc Kingdom’s royal castle, several days after Rio departed with Miharu...</p>

    <p>Charlotte was spending her free time drinking tea in the rooftop garden exclusively used by the royal family. The only people with her were her attendant and guard knight—she had no conversation partner to talk to.</p>

    <p>“It really is boring without Sir Haruto around...”</p>

    <p>Charlotte looked up at the clear blue sky and sighed listlessly, thinking of the boy who had appeared the day before the banquet commenced.</p>

    <p>Rio was the savior of important figures like Liselotte and Flora. He was also appointed as an honorary knight after making a sudden heroic appearance and repelling a demi-dragon’s breath with his enchanted sword, showing up at the castle with Satsuki’s good friend Miharu, then showing off his military skills during the banquet itself. He even played a large role in promptly stopping the uproar that Takahisa caused, making him the center of many topics of conversation as of late.</p>

    <p>“What did I do in my free time before I met Sir Haruto? If I recall correctly...”</p>

    <p>She used to spend her time finding enjoyment from teasing and bothering the young noblemen and boys that approached her, and by observing the twisted human relationships between people. But now that Rio was her greatest person of her interest, doing the same things as before didn’t feel as fun.</p>

    <p>“Oh, it really is so boring without Sir Haruto around. It’s fun talking about him with Lady Satsuki, but I can’t make her keep me company for the whole day...”</p>

    <p>Rio and Miharu’s appearance at the castle made Satsuki lower her guard towards the Galarc Kingdom by a fair amount, but that didn’t mean the distance between them had vanished completely. Though she invited Charlotte to tea more casually and frequently than before, Satsuki was busy with her studies and training, so Charlotte couldn’t occupy too much of her time. That being said...</p>

    <p>“But the distance between us finally lessened because of Sir Haruto’s presence. It might be interesting to take this opportunity to learn something new together with Lady Satsuki.”</p>

    <p>With that decided, Charlotte stood up immediately.</p>

    <p>“I’m going to pay Lady Satsuki a visit,” she said, announcing her third visit to Satsuki’s room for the day.</p>
  </section>
</body>
</html>