<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:d002952c-b242-43d4-a365-8c1c02e3adf8" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter017">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter016">CHAPTER 3</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter016">THE IMPERIAL GUESTS</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Three people stood there in the lavishly decorated room, all looking nervous and standing straight-backed as they awaited the chamber’s owner—Yuuki, the man who came to the Empire and immediately shot up to the rank of commander.</p>
<p>To them, the story of Yuuki was not any sort of surprise. After all, Yuuki was their boss, the leader of the Cerberus secret society.</p>
<p>“Hey,” he said when he finally came in, “sorry to keep you waiting! You could’ve sat down, you know.” With him was Kagali, standing politely toward the rear like a secretary.</p>
<p>“Not at all, Sir Yuuki,” one man among the visitors said. “We remain your faithful servants. You hardly need to be considerate of us.”</p>
<p>This man was Damrada the Money, one of Cerberus’s three boss-level officials. He was a hard man to grasp, all greasy and shady-looking. The other two were Misha the Lover—a beautiful woman with a strange air about her, at times looking like both a young girl and a mature woman—and Vega the Power, whose supple, well-balanced, carnivore-like body dominated anyone who laid eyes upon her. This was the trio at the top of Cerberus’s operations.</p>
<p class="space-break1">They all saluted Yuuki before sitting down.</p>
<p>“First, let us congratulate you on reaching the rank of commander.”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>