<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 13</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter035">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a id="page-376"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter035">EPILOGUE</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter035">THE DEEDS OF A DEMON LORD</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Caligulio awoke to a warmth gently enveloping him.</p>
<p><em>Wh-where am I?</em></p>
<p>He had trouble remembering what he was doing before he came here. Panicking, he looked around, only to find himself resting in a somewhat large chamber.</p>
<p>Joining him was a young girl with bluish-silver hair, maybe twelve or thirteen years old and working on something with an angelic smile. Gazing at her from the side, he saw her holding her hand out above someone who was lying on their back. A dazzling light shot from her palm, pouring down upon the line of familiar-looking people on the ground.</p>
<p><em>Is that Krishna? No… Krishna was killed before my eyes, wasn’t he?</em></p>
<p>The haze instantly dissipated from his mind as all his memories came back. They were at war, invading the land of monsters.</p>
<p>Caligulio hurriedly shot up, attempting to shout something. But then he lost the ability to speak. Amazingly, the dead Krishna gently opened his eyes and looked right at him.</p>
<p>“…?!”</p>
<p>Just like Caligulio, Krishna seemed pretty confused about where he was. His eyes followed the silver-haired girl around, unable to parse what was happening. She kept up her mystery work, apparently not noticing they were awake.</p>
<p><a id="page-378"></a>Bernie and Jiwu were lying in front of her now, and next to them were Caligulio’s staff officers and aides.</p>
<p><em>What’s going on…? They were all killed, too…</em></p>
<p>In his clouded mind, Caligulio tried his best to calmly analyze the facts presented to him. But there was just no comprehending this. They were all dead; he was sure of that. Their chests weren’t heaving up and down—they couldn’t have been breathing. But when that girl put her hand over them, they magically came back to life, one after another. There were a dozen or so imperial officers gathered in this room, and before long, she finished treating them all.</p>
<p>Once she did, the girl gave a little satisfied nod and turned toward Caligulio.</p>
<p>“Hey. You awake? How’re you feeling? Can you remember your name?”</p>
<p>Her voice was casually unconcerned, but Caligulio didn’t mind. Her charming looks were one reason, but the sheer presence she projected told Caligulio that any resistance was verboten.</p>
<p>Still, he could not give her a reply. Neither could anyone else; they all kept their mouths shut, completely lost to what was transpiring. Even the Single Digits Bernie and Jiwu were listlessly staring into space.</p>
<p>Now the girl sensed that something was amiss with Caligulio. “Oh, did I mess something up?” she asked, looking troubled. “I’m pretty sure the spell went off without a hitch…”</p>
<p>From that, Caligulio realized they had all been subjected to some kind of magic. But what type?</p>
<p><em>…No. It can’t be. That’s ridiculous. Completely impossible. But…</em></p>
<p>But his body felt just fine.</p>
<p>…Wait. There <em>was</em> one thing off. The power that once flowed in him, practically bursting at the seams after he was awakened, was completely gone. All he could comprehend was that something awful was happening.</p>
<p>“…I’m sorry, are…? Aren’t we dead?”</p>
<p>That gingerly asked question must have helped the rest of the group clear their minds of any cobwebs. The light returned to their eyes as they sensed just how abnormal this situation was. They <a id="page-380"></a>had all been murdered by a demon who called himself Diablo, that much was certain. The demon had no reason at all to keep them alive, either. That’s why Caligulio was wondering why he was breathing right now.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>