<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
  <meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>

<body>
  <div class="galley-rw">
    <section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter028">
      <p>As we were relaxing, enjoying our cake, I decided to speak up to that hateful Diablo.</p>

      <p>“By the way, is it me, or have you grown stronger since the last time you fought me?”</p>

      <p>It had been on my mind for a while. Just one look, and he felt like a completely different person. I couldn’t ask him until now—not with Sir Guy and everyone in the conference room—but now was my big chance, and I wasn’t going to let it slip. I’ll remind you, after all, that Mizeri and I hadn’t been able to gain any new powers since we’d evolved into Demon Peers. I mean, we <em>had</em> grown stronger thanks to the assorted experiences we had…but apart from that, we had not evolved as living creatures at all. Meanwhile, here’s Diablo making it look <em>sooo</em> easy…</p>

      <p>“Heh… You truly are a pair of fools, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>That was how Diablo chose to respond. I have no idea how he’s so skillful at getting under my skin like that. Would anyone mind if I punched him? <em>Go right ahead</em>, my conscience told me. But just as I was about to act on that impulse, Diablo kept talking, interrupting my train of thought.</p>

      <p>“Keh-heh-heh-heh-heh… It is all thanks to my master, Sir Rimuru. I have performed well for him, and he has offered me a commensurate reward!”</p>

      <p>Ugh. This bastard. Acting like he’s <em>sooo</em> much better than us. Well, two can play that game.</p>

      <p>“Ha-ha! He has, huh? I suppose that means you’re nothing special at all, then. I agree with you that Sir Rimuru is a great person, there’s no doubting that…but that’s another story. <em>You</em>, on the other hand—it looks to me like you’re relying on him for <em>everything</em> in your life.”</p>

      <p>Well? What do you think? I said it, and I’m not taking it back. You evolved thanks entirely to Sir Rimuru. Your <em>actual</em> strength isn’t anything special at all!</p>

      <p>But:</p>

      <p><a id="page-294"></a>“Yes. That’s correct. Is that a problem?”</p>

      <p>That bum Diablo confessed to it at once, not even trying to argue. And he’s actually <em>smiling</em> at me, too, like he’s happy that I understand this so well! I <em>hate</em> him. He makes me feel like such a moron.</p>

      <p>“Can you stop this, Raine? I think it be hard for Sir Guy to beat him in a verbal argument, even. The only way <em>this</em> is going to end is with you crying.”</p>

      <p>Not even Mizeri was on my side. And the worst part was that she sounded like she was right.</p>

      <p>So, at the end of my rope, I flashed Diablo a dirty look. Then something unexpected happened. With a satisfying <em>thwap</em>, Shion rapped Diablo right on the head. I couldn’t even <em>tell</em> you how happy this made me—and to top it off, she started scolding him, too.</p>

      <p>“Quit with all that insolence, you brownnoser! Stop being so rude to our guests at once.”</p>

      <p>Watching this unfold me made me pump my fist in the air. I just couldn’t help myself, and a quick peek at Mizeri revealed that she was gleefully smiling, too. And why not? This was so hilarious, I just wanted to burst out laughing!</p>

      <p>Things quickly devolved into a heated argument between Diablo and Shion, with the two of us wholly ignored. It went on until Lady Shuna entered the room. I had no qualms about calling her “Lady” Shuna by this point. Seeing Shion hold her own in a verbal battle with Diablo was impressive enough, but the way that Lady Shuna immediately shouted both of them down was truly a sight to see. <em>I could learn a lot from that</em>, I thought.</p>

      <p>And if anything, the biggest surprise of all was that this argument was strictly a verbal one. Both Mizeri and I were taken aback by that.</p>

      <p class="space-break">Lady Shuna had come in to call us back to the conference room, so we meekly followed her. She even informed me along the way that they’d decided to give us the recipe for that cake—at the request of Sir Guy, she said. I wasn’t sure how this day could get any better for us, really.</p>

      <p>So we were taken to the room where Sir Rimuru and his associates <a id="page-295"></a>were waiting. I immediately took the opportunity to express my feelings to him.</p>

      <p>“You impress me greatly, Sir Rimuru. That cake was nothing short of excellent.”</p>

      <p>Oops. I was too late. Mizeri got it out first. It took me a moment to recover.</p>

      <p>“And I understand you are kindly providing us with the recipe as well? I am nothing short of honored, my lord.”</p>

      <p>Sir Rimuru smiled a bit, like it was nothing special. “Well, I appreciate the thanks. If we’re going to keep working together, that’s exactly the sort of relationship I want to foster with you.”</p>

      <p>We were doing nothing but taking from him, and he called it “working together.” Such a broad-minded person. But I had no idea what was in store for me.</p>

      <p>“You should thank him more,” Sir Guy suddenly said. “Rimuru’s just agreed to give you some of his power.”</p>

      <p>And so we were granted the great honor of being evolved into Devil Lords.</p>

      <p>………</p>

      <p>……</p>

      <p>…</p>

      <p>You see? It’s crazy.</p>

      <p>I can’t even guess what’s going on with Sir Rimuru. Even looking back now, the only adjective that comes to mind is “crazy.” But I’m making effective use of the powers I’ve been given, so if he ever has a problem we might be able to address, I swear that we won’t hesitate to help him. How could we? Our magicule counts are still rising by the day, and we’re more of a help to Sir Guy than ever before.</p>

      <p>This all happened thanks to Sir Rimuru, and I think it’s only fair that we should seek to repay the favor. Of course, he already has Testarossa and the others working for him, so I’m not exactly certain if he would ever need the powers of someone like me…</p>

      <p class="space-break">But enough humility. Today, once again, it’s time to wage a practice battle with Mizeri. Training like this every day is a must if we want to gain a grasp of our newfound powers.</p>

      <p><a id="page-296"></a>So off to the training field I go— Oh? What’s a guest doing here at this time of day? …Ah, but now’s no time for jokes like that.</p>

      <p>“Raine! Someone has broken through our barrier.”</p>

      <p>“I know. But this is—”</p>

      <p>It seems now is no time for a leisurely chat, much less a mock battle. I think I had best stop talking to myself now.</p>

      <p>Here’s hoping I’ll get to see all of you again very soon!</p>
    </section>
  </div>
</body>
</html>