<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="fr" xml:lang="fr">
<head>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 4</title>
<link href="css/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epiloguec">
<p>There was nothing I could do. I had nothing to take advantage of. I really didn’t think victory would be so hopeless.</p>
<p>“No,” I replied, “I’ll keep on struggling. I’m not enough of a sucker to just lie back and die, thanks!”</p>
<p>So I tested out everything I could. Recognizing my opponent was above me, I reached out for anything I was capable of. If magicules weren’t around, how about spirit magic? That worked on a different type of energy; maybe the Holy Field wouldn’t affect it. I couldn’t summon elementals, not if I’m separated from the outside world. But I did have a certain deviant spirit inside me.</p>
<p class="space-break"><span class="wl">Report. Using the unique skill Deviant, the higher-level elemental Ifrit has been separated into a pure elemental.</span></p>
<p class="space-break">Ifrit, transformed into a half monster, returned to full spirit form.</p>
<p>I could use him to harness elemental magic, but I doubted it would work. Besides, a little ruse like that wouldn’t save me. I needed something huge, something that’d throw my opponent for a total loop.</p>
<p>“O Ifrit, greatest of elementals, defeat my enemy!!”</p>
<p>Then I released him.</p>
<p>The force of the elemental, going far above A rank, was tremendous, containing a massive amount of heat force. Elementals had to run on the magical force of the summoner, but Ifrit and I had a channel of magic running between us, so that was no problem. My energy converted itself into elemental force, flowing freely into the spirit.</p>
<p>Ifrit began attacking Hinata. She probably assumed this was my last trump card. But—Ifrit was just a plant. My real aim—my winning move—was elsewhere.</p>
<p>Fully preoccupied with fighting off Ifrit, Hinata could no longer fully focus upon me. I could be killed in a single stab. Ifrit was far greater of a threat, and he took priority. Exactly the situation I hoped to make.</p>
<p>Leaping behind her back, I attempted to land an enhanced strike, as punishing as I could possibly make it. But as I did—</p>
<p>“You can harness a high-level elemental while isolated from the outside. I didn’t expect that. But that still isn’t enough to compete against me.”</p>
<p>Whipping around, Hinata turned her sword toward me, completely ignoring Ifrit. He stopped. Not being a monster, the Holy Field didn’t bother him at all—and yet, reality could be cruel.</p>
<p>Before my eyes, Ifrit was curled up into a ball, grabbing his head…as if struggling under the command of two diametrically opposed orders.</p>
<p>“What did you do?”</p>
<p>“I’ll tell you, if you’ll tell me what you were just trying to do.”</p>
<p><em>As if. That’s one of the last cards in my hand.</em></p>
<p>“Come back, Ifrit!”</p>
<p>Upon my words, Ifrit disappeared back inside me. I immediately launched Analyze and Assess to figure out what happened.</p>
<p class="space-break"><span class="wl">Understood. Ifrit appears to have fallen under the effects of Force Takeover. It is believed that the magic channel connecting you prevented the takeover from succeeding.</span></p>
<p class="space-break">Force Takeover?! Does it let her seize other people’s skills, or…?! Was <em>that</em> her unique skill? This otherworlder, Hinata Sakaguchi, was more of a monster than I had ever guessed…</p>
<p>Apparently, I had the wrong idea all along. My attention was focused on the barrier, the thing I assumed was her ace in the hole. I thought <em>that</em> was what made this battle so tough. But I was wrong. That was just a prop to distract my attention.</p>
<p class="space-break">Looking at Hinata, I saw an affectionate smile on her face. She was one <em>scary</em> lady, let me tell you. She must’ve been totally sure of victory, barrier or not.</p>
<p>“…Did you try to take Ifrit from me?”</p>
<p>“I’m shocked. How did you know that? But if you noticed it, I might as well tell you—you’re right. I tried, using my Usurper unique skill.”</p>
<p>Usurper? You can use that to seize servant demons and spirits? Or skills themselves, even?! Sounds a lot like Glutton, then. Talk about the ultimate battle skill. And no wonder nations treated otherworlders as so special, just like Yuuki mentioned. If you’re fighting an otherworlder, you have to assume they’ve got some kind of unique on hand. The way they decide to use it serves as the key to the entire duel.</p>
<p>If I had relied too much on my own force without realizing what my opponent was packing, the results would have absolutely been my fault. <em>Now</em> I saw why Hinata never took pride in herself, constantly observing and analyzing me. It was like a textbook model battle. I could see what the difference in fighting experience in this world had done for her.</p>
<p>I couldn’t say exactly how superior her unique skill was, but the difference in sheer power between its wielder and me was blatantly obvious.</p>
<p class="space-break">I needed to resolve myself to this. If I wasn’t prepared to die, I’d never win. But one more strike, and I was dead. I thought I could use Ultraspeed Regeneration to heal most damage—that was a tactical error.</p>
<p>Ifrit, my final weapon, was easily defeated. That just left one more thing to work with. I was hoping I could catch Hinata in a surprise attack, without killing her, but there was no hope for that now.</p>
<p>I didn’t know what unleashing this at full force would do. I might not even live long enough to see the results. But I had to do it.</p>
<p>“Hinata… Shizu asked me to look after you, but I don’t have time for that. I apologize, but I can’t go easy on you anymore. I’m gonna decide this with my next move.”</p>
<p>“Hee-hee! Are you telling me you still haven’t given your all yet? Well, all right. I’ll give <em>you</em> some of my all, too, so I hope you’re ready. This blow is going to make the pain you’ve felt before seem like child’s play.”</p>
<p>We exchanged glances. Then we went on the attack.</p>
<p>“Die! Dead End Rainbow!!”</p>
<p>“Awaken, Glutton!!”</p>
<p class="space-break"><span class="wl">Understood. Order accepted. Executing at once.</span></p>
<p class="space-break">Just as I gave the order, I felt my consciousness sink into darkness—before losing it entirely, as if drifting off to sleep.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>