<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>One Particular Morning</h2>

      <p>Early one morning, at a time when most people would normally be asleep...</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Onii-chan.”</p>

      <p>Rio woke up to Latifa clinging onto him from above.</p>

      <p>“Good morning... Is it already time to get up?” Rio asked sleepily with a slight yawn.</p>

      <p>“Nope! It’s still a little early, but...” Latifa shook her head nervously. She looked like she wanted to say something, which Rio found to be a little strange.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“Promise you won’t laugh?”</p>

      <p>“I’m afraid I can’t do that until I hear what it is...”</p>

      <p>Latifa pouted. “Mmrgh... Promise you won’t laugh!” she insisted. It seemed she wasn’t going to answer until he agreed.</p>

      <p>Rio folded to her demands and nodded. “All right. I won’t laugh.”</p>

      <p>“I had a scary dream, so I didn’t want to be awake by myself...”</p>

      <p>Which was why she woke Rio up. Latifa looked a little embarrassed as she explained herself.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Rio chuckled.</p>

      <p>“Ah, you laughed!” Latifa whined unhappily.</p>

      <p>“I’m not laughing,” Rio denied, petting Latifa’s head as it rested on his chest.</p>

      <p>“Hmph...” Latifa puffed up her cheeks in objection, but she didn’t resist the head pats from her beloved adopted brother, obediently surrendering herself to him.</p>

      <p>“What kind of dream was it?” Rio asked as he continued to pet her head.</p>

      <p>“It was a dream about the past. We were traveling together, but you suddenly disappeared.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry--I’m right here.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...” Latifa’s reply was a little uneasy. She tightened her grip around Rio.</p>

      <p>“Would you like to sleep together?” Rio looked up and asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah.” The reply this time was much more assured.</p>

      <p>“Then you should get off me first. Sleeping like this will make you catch a cold.”</p>

      <p>“Okay!” Latifa obeyed and happily relocated next to him.</p>

      <p>“Here, come under the blankets.”</p>

      <p>“Okay!” Latifa immediately crawled into the bed and snuggled up to Rio, beaming with happiness. “Ehehe--it’s warm. And it smells like you. So cozy.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s go to sleep, then.” Since he’d been roused at such an early hour, his body was still yearning for sleep. Rio yawned once again.</p>

      <p>“Yup. Good night, Onii-chan,” Latifa replied obediently, hugging Rio’s side and closing her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Good night,” Rio said gently.</p>

      <p>It seemed Latifa was still sleepy herself, as she fell asleep in no time at all.</p>

      <p><em>She must’ve forgotten about the dream already</em>.</p>

      <p>Relieved by the sight of Latifa’s peaceful sleeping face, Rio also let himself drift off. Less than a minute later, the two of them were both sleeping soundly.</p>

      <p>However, when Rio woke up an hour later and tried to get them both up...</p>

      <p>“Nooo, I want to sleep with Onii-chan more!”</p>

      <p>Latifa’s insistent clinging and refusal to release Rio resulted in the two of them settling down for their third round of sleep.</p>

      <h2>A New Way of Calling</h2>

      <p>It happened on the way from Cleia to Rodania, while they were preparing lunch in a clearing off the road.</p>

      <p>“Celia.”</p>

      <p>Certain circumstances had led to Rio addressing Celia without a title. There had been an awkward bashfulness at first, but he was gradually growing used to it after continuously doing so over the span of a few days.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Haruto?” Celia was now completely used to it, as she showed no embarrassment in her reaction.</p>

      <p>“Could you produce some water with magic for me?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, I can do that.”</p>

      <p>Rio summoned Celia over to the food preparation bench and had her prepare some water.</p>

      <p>“We’ve been walking for consecutive days now. How are you holding up?” Rio asked while she filled a pot with water.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine. It’d be a lie if I said I wasn’t tired, but I’m not in any pain. I’ve never had the chance to travel so much on foot before, so I’m actually finding it pretty fun,” Celia replied with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“Is that so?”</p>

      <p>“What about you, Haruto? Are you tired? I know it’s not every day, but you’ve been carrying us as you run every three days.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not that big of a deal. I’m also finding it fun traveling with you, Celia,” Rio said with a soft smile.</p>

      <p>“R-Really, now...?” A faint pink tinted Celia’s cheeks.</p>

      <p>“Thankfully, our trip has been going smoothly. Let’s pray that nothing happens before we reach Rodania.”</p>

      <p>“It’s a little saddening to have the journey come to and end, but... You’re right.” Celia nodded, a faraway look in her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Speaking of which, once we part ways with Her Highness and return to our regular lives, should I go back to calling you what I used to?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“Well... No, it’s okay. You can keep doing what you’re doing now. It’d get too confusing otherwise.”</p>

      <p>She finally got him to call her by her name... was the reason Celia didn’t voice out loud, and her cheeks reddened once more.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>