<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: Yearning to be Special</h1>

      <p>There was no use crying over spilt milk.</p>

      <p>In the near future, every force in the lands would become frantic to win over Haruto Amakawa.</p>

      <p>This wasn’t a hunch.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t a belief, either—</p>

      <p>It was a prophecy.</p>

      <p>He was special.</p>

      <p>He was one like no other.</p>

      <p>Special, and worthy of standing above all others.</p>

      <p>In reality, an army of five thousand had fallen helplessly before him.</p>

      <p>And yet...</p>

      <p>How foolish.</p>

      <p>He had once stood below everyone else.</p>

      <p>They were the ones who had once placed him there.</p>

      <p>Fierce regret surged forth.</p>

      <p>Intense guilt welled up.</p>

      <p>Violent rage formed from regret.</p>

      <p>And above all the regret, guilt, and rage...</p>

      <p>Was a strong sense of admiration and curiosity.</p>

      <p>It piqued countless times across this journey and subsided every time...</p>

      <p>It was a burning sense of yearning.</p>

      <p>What if...</p>

      <p>What if he had been born of Beltrum royalty instead? The Beltrum Kingdom would have surely ended up different from the way it was now.</p>

      <p>What if... What if he lent his power to them...?</p>

      <p>She started hallucinating such possibilities.</p>

      <p>Because she only possessed a fake kind of “special.”</p>

      <p>She clung to it...</p>

      <p>All the while yearning for something genuine.</p>

      <p><em>What if, what if...?</em> she wondered.</p>

      <p>The genuine kind of “special” was dazzling.</p>

      <p>She was powerless—it was pathetic.</p>

      <p>And yet, that genuine power shone so brightly...</p>

      <p>But such “what-if”s did not exist.</p>

      <p>Because she was calm...</p>

      <p>Because she berated herself in an effort to be calmer than anyone else...</p>

      <p>She was quick to return to her senses.</p>

      <p>It was why the intense guilt and regret returned quickly, too.</p>

      <p>It told her that she was too late to change anything now.</p>

      <p>Strangely enough, there was no rage.</p>

      <p>Even if there was to be conflict over Haruto Amakawa, they would never be allowed to join in.</p>

      <p>That was the penalty their kingdom had to pay for the crimes they committed.</p>

      <p>That’s why this yearning...</p>

      <p>It had to be sealed away after all.</p>

      <p>As she watched Rio walk towards her, dragging Charles by the scruff of his neck...</p>

      <p>Christina Beltrum berated herself in a calmer manner than anyone else.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>