<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Hiroaki smiled in satisfaction, turning back to Duke Huguenot. “...So, out of the leading nobles in the Galarc Kingdom, which houses have currently sent proposals?”</p>

      <p>“The major ones are the Galarc Kingdom’s third princess, Princess Rosalie, and Duke Gregory’s Lady Lisette, I believe,” answered Duke Huguenot. Liselotte’s name was not mentioned.</p>

      <p>“Lisette aside, Rosalie was only twelve or thirteen, right? Ah, but I guess that’s right at the start of the expected marriage age in this world.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki recalled the girl named Rosalie he met at a tea party not long ago. For the record, she was also Charlotte’s little sister.</p>

      <p>“Indeed so.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I see... Anyone else?” Hiroaki asked.</p>

      <p>“In terms of prominent ones, those two are far ahead of the others. The family status of the other ladies are a little lower in comparison.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Hiroaki hummed vaguely.</p>

      <p><em>So there was no proposal from Liselotte, huh? Even if Flora was my first wife, Liselotte would definitely make it to the second or third seat. But I guess she’s busy—she left right after the banquet to go to work, after all.</em></p>

      <p>It was still possible for a proposal from Liselotte to drop in at any time, but he still found it a little disappointing that there was no proposal from her right now.</p>

      <p>“Will we be remaining in Galarc for much longer?”</p>

      <p>“There are still several events to attend, but once they’re done, we should be able to return to Rodania.”</p>

      <p>“Right... Ah, then let’s slowly make our way back to Rodania once they’re over. I’d also like to drop by Liselotte’s place on our way back—I didn’t get to say farewell to her properly at the banquet.”</p>

      <p>If she wouldn’t show herself readily, then he’d just have to go to her. Honest to his desires, Hiroaki suggested they return just so he could meet Liselotte. That fact was probably seen through easily by Duke Huguenot and the sharp-minded Roanna beside him.</p>

      <p>That being said, Duke Huguenot would gladly welcome a marriage between Hiroaki and Liselotte. Honestly, Liselotte’s marriage alone would overwhelmingly outweigh marrying both Rosalie and Lisette in terms of benefits.</p>

      <p>“Understood,” Duke Huguenot chuckled with a smile, bowing his head respectfully.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>