<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>This is Isle Osaki. Thank you for picking up volume three of <em>Zero Believers</em>. To my readers on <em>Naro</em>, thank you once again for all of your support.</p>

      <p>This volume was the Roses arc, aka the “Softening Princess Sophia Arc.” In volume one she was cold, in volume two they fought, and in volume three... Well, it was a fairly quick development. She was never originally intended to be a heroine—I’d just lined her up to play the heel. On <em>Naro</em> there’s a trope where people who act against the protagonist get what’s coming to them. But Princess Sophia’s a girl, so I didn’t want whatever was “coming to her” to be too awful. Therefore, I thought that falling for the protagonist but getting shot down might be enough. Her crush on Makoto turned out to be cuter than I’d expected though, so she became a heroine in her own right. Incidentally, my notes for Prince Leonardo have “sub-heroine” written on them. It’s just the author’s craziness.</p>

      <p>Finally, I’d like to thank my editor Y and my illustrator Tam-U. I hope that you readers will continue to support me so I can keep writing fun adventures into volume four.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>