<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>There were only a few elementals, but there was a decent chunk of mana within the palace’s fountain. I remembered the feel of the water from the Water Temple. That must’ve been the source of the water in the fountain, now that I thought about it.</p>

      <p>“W-Wow! How much practice did it take to get that skilled with water magic?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s not that special. I can only use this type of magic, after all.”</p>

      <p>I breathed a sigh of relief. Prince Leonardo seemed happy with my exhibition.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Makoto. What’s your mastery level at now?” Lucy asked, poking me in the cheek while holding a champagne flute in her other hand. The red, off-shoulder dress looked good on her. I shouldn’t have been surprised that she could blend into places like this.</p>

      <p>“It’s over 150, I think,” I told her quietly. Modifying the Soul Book was illegal, after all, so I couldn’t be too loud about it. Officially, it was recorded as 99.</p>

      <p>She let out a small groan. “Mine’s still only 30...” she said, slumping.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it—when we met, it was only level 10.”</p>

      <p>She was growing, and besides, it was easier to improve your mastery when you had lesser skills to begin with. With weak magic, it was <em>necessary</em> to be able to cast more spells. For a king rank mage like Lucy, though, a single use of magic was difficult. Each time she cast a spell, she had to control an ocean of power. It was way easier for a low rank mage like me with barely any mana...though it made me sad to admit it.</p>

      <p>While I was considering that, the prince tugged on my shirt.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Would you teach me magic?!” he requested with shining eyes. “I want you to be my teacher.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you grant Prince Leonardo’s request?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It’d been a while since I’d had an <em>RPG Player</em> choice pop up.</p>

      <p>Picking “yes” would mean that we’d need to stay in Horn for a while. “No” would... Well, could I even refuse the prince’s request?</p>

      <p>I didn’t dislike him. He was friendly and he earnestly idolized me. His sister was scary though. As I hemmed and hawed, I heard a cool voice.</p>

      <p>“Leo, what are you doing?”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Princess Sophia’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>We had organized this party at Leo’s request. Still, though, I could not see why he was so taken with Makoto Takatsuki. That boy was simply a mage that could use his water magic somewhat skillfully, and there were countless such people in this country.</p>

      <p>However, Leo had passionately protested against this assertion. “You’re wrong, sister! Can’t you see how precise his water magic is?! It’s almost like it’s alive!”</p>

      <p>Regardless, such techniques would be of no use for defeating the Great Demon Lord; they were mere children’s playthings after all.</p>

      <p>Though that being said, all the otherworld heroes I’d wanted to conscript...had already left the country. That much was my fault. They had come from another world, so their faith in our goddess was minimal. Forcing this country’s rules upon them was my mistake.</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle from Highland was doing far better. She had provided riches, land, and even lovers to those who followed her goddess. I perhaps should have done the same, but it was too late now.</p>

      <p>My mother was even going so far as to start bizarre rumors and was demanding that I use my looks to bring the Hero of Light to Roses. There would be no point, though... Compared to Princess Noelle of Amaterasu, the priestess of the sun goddess, I had no way of winning.</p>

      <p><em>Oh? Leonardo’s talking with Makoto Takatsuki. I hope that apprentice mage won’t be a bad influence.</em></p>

      <p>“Sister! I was just asking Makoto to teach me magic!”</p>

      <p>“G-Good evening, Princess Sophia.”</p>

      <p>Leo had a full grin spread across his face, while Makoto Takatsuki’s was more awkward.</p>

      <p>“Leo, he is an adventurer. You shouldn’t ask too much.” A prince seeking instruction from an adventurer indicated our pathetic state of affairs...and beyond anything else, Makoto Takatsuki was a mage apprentice.</p>

      <p><em>What was my brother thinking...?</em></p>

      <p>“Prince Leonardo, if you wish to learn magic, then I’m sure there are many mages willing to instruct you who are more qualified than I am,” Makoto Takatsuki replied.</p>

      <p><em>Well answered. That response keeps your standing in mind,</em> I thought.</p>

      <p>“Leo, I can arrange a water magic instructor from the palace later.” Our country’s lack of even any ultra rank mages was a pitiful position for us to be in.</p>

      <p>“No, sister! Makoto’s magic is a work of art. It’s not like anyone else’s.”</p>

      <p>The man in question responded with a rueful smile. “Well, that’s overselling me a bit.”</p>

      <p>“Leo...works of art won’t defeat monsters or demons.”</p>

      <p>This was strange... Somehow, Makoto Takatsuki and I were working together to persuade Leo.</p>

      <p>Just as I was considering how we should withdraw from this situation, there came a cry that interrupted the party.</p>

      <p>“A group of monsters has appeared in the town!”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“How?” Princess Sophia asked, her calm voice cutting through the noise of the hall. “Has the barrier been broken?”</p>

      <p>“W-Well, a group just suddenly appeared in the town! The cause is currently unclear and we are prioritizing the evacuation of the civilians.”</p>

      <p>“Go at once to the guild and request their aid. Inform the adventurers that we will pay for saving civilians as well as defeating monsters. If they hesitate, offer them double.”</p>

      <p>“At once, Your Highness!” the group of soldiers replied.</p>

      <p>Sophia had calmly taken command of the situation. <em>That’s some quick decision-making!</em></p>

      <p>“As for the palace knights, they are all to aid with the subjugation of the monsters and protecting our citizens,” ordered Princess Sophia.</p>

      <p>“Sister!” called Prince Leonardo. “I can help!”</p>

      <p>Sophia paused for a moment. “Very well,” she answered. “Come with me.”</p>

      <p>Maybe she didn’t want to expose him to so much danger...but hiding a hero away while his own country was in peril just wouldn’t work.</p>

      <p>“Sasa, Lucy, we’re helping too,” I declared. We weren’t affiliated with the guild in this town, but we <em>were</em> still adventurers of Roses. We could aid in some way.</p>

      <p>“Got it, Makoto,” said Lucy</p>

      <p>Sasa also agreed. “Right, let’s go, Takatsuki.” The two of them gave firm nods.</p>

      <p>Then, Fujiyan called out to me. “Tackie!”</p>

      <p>“Fujiyan, you evacuate with Nina and Chris. Nina, look after them!” She was a gold rank adventurer after all, so I knew she could keep them safe.</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me’h! Husband, Chris, let’s go’h!”</p>

      <p>And so, everyone left for our own destinations.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Horn was burning.</p>

      <p>Well, more accurately, there were plumes of smoke surrounding the city—it wasn’t completely ablaze yet.</p>

      <p>The rampaging beasts seemed scattered. There weren’t that many, but people who’d never seen monsters before were fairly scared of them. Screams echoed from all around.</p>

      <p>“Hyah!” Sasa yelled as she blasted a kobold-looking thing away with a single punch.</p>

      <p>“<em>Earth Magic: Stone Shot!</em>” Lucy’s spell caught an orc in its head and brought it down.</p>

      <p>“This way!” I called, guiding an older person by the hand toward the temple that had become an emergency shelter.</p>

      <p>With no source of water—and no elementals—there was little I could do with my magic... Well, helping rescue citizens was an indispensable job as well.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the alert from <em>Sense Danger</em> started blaring in my head.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, look!”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, it’s a griffin!”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa’s calls prompted me to turn. I saw a lion-bodied monster with the head of an eagle, rushing through the sky on its wings...and headed straight for me. <em>There’s a griffin in the city?!</em></p>

      <p>“Guess this was never going to be easy!” I grumbled, pulling out my dagger.</p>

      <p>“Get back!” The former bodyguard had leaped in front of me and was facing down the griffin head-on. Would he be okay?</p>

      <p><em>Slam!</em> Beast collided with man.</p>

      <p>“Grrrgggh...” The former bodyguard’s face had gone red, but he’d brought the griffin to a halt!</p>

      <p><em>Not bad!</em></p>

      <p>Without holding back, I drew power from my tiny mana pool. “<em>Water Magic: Ice Cutter!</em>” The griffin screeched as magical blades of ice pierced its eyes.</p>

      <p>“<em>Earth Magic: Stone Shot!</em>”</p>

      <p>“Hyah!”</p>

      <p>Lucy’s high-speed boulder hit at the same time as Sasa’s <em>Charged Attack</em>. The griffin was smashed into a house and there, it stopped moving.</p>

      <p>Those two were really something...</p>

      <p>While this griffin might’ve been on the smaller side, I was surprised at how much easier it had gone down compared to the larger one I’d fought with Jean’s party.</p>

      <p>“Captain!”</p>

      <p>“Are you okay?!”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, adventurers!”</p>

      <p>The former bodyguard’s subordinates had arrived.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Takatsuki?” Sasa asked, looking at the griffin’s corpse meaningfully.</p>

      <p>I followed suit and stared at the monster. Then suddenly, it clicked. “Isn’t this the one from the circus?”</p>

      <p>“The other monsters look like the same ones too,” Lucy confirmed.</p>

      <p>I could even see scraps of costumes clinging to the beasts...the exact same ones that the circus monsters had been wearing. Had they escaped? But even if they had, would they all rampage at once like this?</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki, do you recognize these monsters?” the former bodyguard asked as he came over to me.</p>

      <p>“I think they’re from the circus troupe that was set up in the middle of town,” I told him.</p>

      <p>“What?! So this is <em>their</em> fault?! What are those tamers playing at?!”</p>

      <p>“Let’s go check it out,” I suggested. If people hadn’t managed to escape the circus, then the tent would be the most dangerous location. All of us headed toward the central plaza.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“This is awful...” Sasa murmured.</p>

      <p>I felt the same way. The plaza had definitely seen the most destruction. Houses had been destroyed, and the street lighting was all bent out of shape. The corpses of monsters...along with some partially eaten people...were scattered around.</p>

      <p>“So it <em>was</em> them...” mumbled Lucy.</p>

      <p>But then, a roar shook the air.</p>

      <p>Before us was a giant, standing about ten meters tall, and rampaging.</p>

      <p>“Forward!” the former bodyguard yelled, and his subordinates all chorused an affirmative.</p>

      <p>I gave orders to our team too. “Lucy, aim for its head. Sasa, I’ll wreck its footing, so you finish it off.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me.”</p>

      <p>I then examined the large water fountain in the plaza. <em>Great, I can use this.</em></p>

      <p>The former bodyguard was out front and leading the charge to attack the giant.</p>

      <p>The beast’s movements were clumsy, so the soldiers could easily avoid any attacks. However, the creature’s sheer size meant that the knights also couldn’t land any meaningful blows of their own. Just as I was about to advance, some more people appeared.</p>

      <p>“Hey, are you adventurers too?!”</p>

      <p>“This thing’s the biggest threat!”</p>

      <p>“Give us a hand!”</p>

      <p>“We’ll split the reward!”</p>

      <p>The adventurers from Horn’s guild had started to gather. <em>Great! We’ve already won!</em></p>

      <p><em>Makoto, stay on guard,</em> Noah advised in my mind.</p>

      <p>All right, goddess, I’ll be as careful as ever.</p>

      <p>“<em>Fire Magic: Fireball!</em>”</p>

      <p>“<em>Wood Magic: Wind Sword!</em>”</p>

      <p>“Meteo!”</p>

      <p>The guild mages blasted the giant with magic, and Lucy launched hers off alongside them.</p>

      <p><em>She’s gained way more control over her power,</em> I mused.</p>

      <p>As I approached, I surveyed the giant. It’d taken the spells head-on and was woozy but still moving. This thing was as tough as it was big.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Flow.</em>” I pulled the water from the fountain and dashed it against the giant, splashing the knights near it in the process.</p>

      <p>“Hey!” Their leader didn’t seem too happy at that, but I’d explain later.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ice Floor.</em>” I cast the spell quickly, freezing the ground underneath the beast.</p>

      <p>“Whuh?” huffed the giant. It struggled to maintain balance, but...ended up falling on its backside.</p>

      <p>“Now!”</p>

      <p>“Kill it!”</p>

      <p>The knights swarmed it to attack.</p>

      <p>There was a <em>fwish</em> of something shooting through the air, and then I saw a small figure lancing toward the giant’s head.</p>

      <p><em>Sasa!</em></p>

      <p>She’d jumped several meters up and then had kicked hard, using the resistance from the air to rise even higher. She then fell toward the head, and there was a huge thud as she impacted. <em>Double Jump</em> was definitely a convenient skill.</p>

      <p>Sasa’s kick collided, and the giant’s head slammed into the ground. Instantly, it ceased all movement.</p>

      <p>“Hurray!”</p>

      <p>“Is it dead?!”</p>

      <p>The group of adventurers erupted into cheers. But, just in case, the archers and mages threw a few more attacks at it. There was no response—it must’ve been defeated.</p>

      <p>“That kick was incredible,” one of the adventurers said to Sasa. “Are you gold rank?”</p>

      <p>“What was that ‘Meteo’ spell?”</p>

      <p>“You really pulled us out of the fire. Where’s your party based out of?”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa seemed slightly embarrassed, but happy as well. I kept half an eye on them and used the rest of my attention to check around with my <em>Scout</em> skill.</p>

      <p><em>There aren’t any strong monsters left alive, so we should all be fine.</em> Well, to be fair, my skill detected that the giant <em>was</em> still actually alive, but it was gradually weakening. Some of the adventurers were keeping a careful watch on it, but it looked like their concern wouldn’t be needed since it’d be dead soon.</p>

      <p>“You were a real help.”</p>

      <p>I looked over to find the former bodyguard standing at my side.</p>

      <p>“I’m proud to call them friends,” I said of Lucy and Sasa. They really were too good for me.</p>

      <p>“No, I mean <em>you</em>. Your magic brought that thing down to our level, no? Without that quick-wittedness, we never would have won.”</p>

      <p>“Really?”</p>

      <p>I was pretty sure the girls could’ve taken it out together, even without me.</p>

      <p>Just then, Princess Sophia approached us along with Prince Leonardo. “What happened here?” They might’ve been surrounded by an escort, but shouldn’t they have evacuated?</p>

      <p>“Lady Sophia! The monsters in the plaza have all been eliminated!” the former bodyguard reported.</p>

      <p>“I see. Well done, everyone.”</p>

      <p>Those in the area nodded in satisfaction at her words. The adventurers and knights alike seemed happy to get a personal thanks from her. Seeing her like this... She really did give off the impression of a great princess. She wasn’t even afraid of exposing herself to danger.</p>

      <p>“Lady Sophia!” a knight called, running swiftly over from the tent. He’d apparently been investigating the circus. “The tamers are all dead!”</p>

      <p>That wasn’t the best of reports. Had the monsters gotten them?</p>

      <p>“The tamers were all killed by bladed weapons, so it was most likely not the work of the monsters.”</p>

      <p>“Search for survivors,” Sophia commanded. “We need to hear the details.”</p>

      <p>“At once!”</p>

      <p>Something treacherous must have happened. <em>I wonder if those clowns are safe. Wait a minute...I remember now. When I was pretending to be a clown, that man mentioned something about looking forward to the surprise today...</em></p>

      <p>Thinking back, that whole situation seemed at least a little suspicious.</p>

      <p>Just as I was considering telling the group about my experience, a sharp pain raced through my head.</p>

      <p>“Agh!” It felt like I’d been smashed in the skull with a hammer.</p>

      <p>That...that was <em>Sense Danger</em>. I remembered this level of pain... It was the same sensation I’d felt when the earth dragon in Labyrinthos had leaped out at us.</p>

      <p>Which meant...there was a calamity level monster here? That was impossible.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, what’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>“Are you not feeling well?”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa both seemed concerned as my face contorted with pain.</p>

      <p>“What is it, Makoto Takatsuki?” The older guy (the former bodyguard) was worried too.</p>

      <p>“There’s a calamity level monster...nearby,” I managed to spit out.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Where?!”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>The three of them glanced around in shock.</p>

      <p>“But I cannot see anything like that...?” questioned the former bodyguard.</p>

      <p>He was right. <em>Where is it? This is the capital city, not a dungeon.</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, I heard a faint voice.</p>

      <p><b>Y...ou...hate...ful...hu...mans...</b></p>

      <p>The voice was overflowing with resentment. Was it the giant?</p>

      <p><b><em>Yup, they’re hateful. I get it, I really do,</em></b><b> </b>came another voice. This speaker was strange. Childish, girlish. Soft and quiet.</p>

      <p><b>N...ee...ed...pow...er...</b></p>

      <p>That definitely came from the dying giant, and the words were rough and labored. I had a bad feeling about this.</p>

      <p>“Someone kill that giant!” I yelled, commanding the adventurers who were near it.</p>

      <p><b><em>I’ll give you power. </em></b>That was the softer speaker again.<b><em> What will you repay me with?</em></b></p>

      <p>“Lucy, Sasa, can you hear that kid’s voice?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“A kid’s voice?”</p>

      <p><em>No one else can hear it?</em></p>

      <p>But then, the almost-dead giant suddenly stood. “Graaaaaaahhhh!” Strangely, its body began to fall apart. Wait, no... Its skin <em>was</em> splitting, but something red was bubbling up from underneath its flesh. The thick scarlet goop hit the ground and hissed, scorching the pavement black.</p>

      <p>Was that...lava? It was! Lava soon covered its body and the giant started to transform.</p>

      <p>White things were floating in the lava too... Were they bones? They were. Lots of them. This change was so grotesque and just <em>wrong</em> that I couldn’t even wonder who the bones belonged to or why they weren’t melting.</p>

      <p><b><em>Now, </em></b>said the soft voice, <b><em>let us fight against our fate of perdition! Take out as many as you can!</em></b></p>

      <p><em>What the hell did that mean?</em></p>

      <p>At that, the child’s voice faded away, and the giant’s low roar morphed into a screech of grating glass. That sound was something I’d heard before...</p>

      <p>“A blight...monster...it’s a blight...giant...” I heard one of the other adventurers mutter dazedly.</p>

      <p>That’s right—in Labyrinthos, I’d seen something like this grotesque form and had heard a similar grating call. Back then, it had been the blight dragons. This was a completely different thing, but the wrongness and creepiness of it felt the same.</p>

      <p>Regardless, none of that mattered now. It was clear that if we didn’t defeat this thing, countless people would die and the city would be thrown into chaos.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, Sasa! Wait...wha?” I turned to address my party members but instantly fell silent.</p>

      <p>The chilling roar echoed around us again. The knights, the adventurers, and Lucy were all sitting on the ground with pale faces.</p>

      <p>“Lucy?!” I felt a chill crawl through me as I rushed over to her.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...I-I’m fine...”</p>

      <p>“You’re not even slightly fine!” I put my arm around her shaking shoulders. <em>What happened?</em></p>

      <p>“Blight monsters’ voices instill fear...”</p>

      <p>I turned around to see Princess Sophia still standing, but ashen-faced. She must have had some resistance against debuffs because she wasn’t on the floor like the others. It did look like she was struggling though.</p>

      <p>I turned to Sasa next. “Hey, are you okay?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I feel fine. But it’s creepy...” Sasa was a monster as well, a lamia, so the debuff must’ve had less of an effect.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, are you all right?” Prince Leonardo asked. He seemed fine as well, but I guess that was because of his goddess’s divine protection; the same seemed true of other heroes, like Sakurai. At least I could relax on that front since the heroes in this world were so unfairly overpowered.</p>

      <p>“I have a skill called <em>Calm Mind</em>,” I explained.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia seemed surprised by that. “Still, for the blight beast to have such little effect on you...”</p>

      <p>But this was the second time I’d encountered blighted monsters, after all, so I was used to it.</p>

      <p>“I’ll defeat the blight giant!” the prince exclaimed, readying a sword that shone blue. I suppose it must have been a magic sword because mana began flowing from the blade. I’d bet it was an heirloom weapon of the royal family.</p>

      <p>“Leo...take care.” The princess usually seemed aloof, but her expression now was laced with worry.</p>

      <p>“I will!” Prince Leonardo called. “<em>Blizzard Sword, Slice!</em>”</p>

      <p>He swung the sword, and a huge blade of magic impacted the giant.</p>

      <p><em>Nice!</em> It hit like ten of Jean’s sword strikes, and the magic cut deep into the body of the giant. But...</p>

      <p>“It’s...regenerating,” Sasa murmured, exhaling.</p>

      <p>The giant’s wound was indeed healing, just as Sasa had said. Whether the attack had damaged the creature or not, it was impossible to tell.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the giant’s arm rocketed toward the prince, who hurriedly tried to gain some distance. He was cutting it very close.</p>

      <p>“Leo!” Princess Sophia screamed.</p>

      <p>“Guh!” the prince grunted, swinging the sword once more...only for the same thing to happen again. Did he not have any special skills? I remember that Sakurai’s sword of light had some.</p>

      <p>I glanced at the princess and found her praying anxiously. Hmm, it didn’t <em>look</em> like the prince was hiding some trump card...</p>

      <p><em>Huh?</em></p>

      <p>Honestly, I’d been pretty relaxed so far. After all, I’d seen Sakurai take down those blight dragons with a single blow. Heroes were overwhelmingly strong people in the pecking order of this world, so I’d thought that Prince Leonardo would be the same.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto,</em> Noah said to me, <em>the Hero of Light is special. Also, little Leonardo is fairly weak compared to the other heroes...</em></p>

      <p>Oh, he was?</p>

      <p>I held on to Lucy and peered around again.</p>

      <p>The knights and adventurers were all immobile from fear. Sasa could move, but a barehanded attack against the lava-covered giant was ridiculous; she’d end up burning her arm off if she tried. And our trump card, “the Hero of Ice and Snow,” hadn’t been able to do much.</p>

      <p><em>We...might be in a bit of a state here.</em></p>

      <p>A cold bead of sweat trickled down my cheek.</p>

      <p>Once again, the giant’s fist came for the prince. It was evident that he wouldn’t be able to dodge it this time!</p>

      <p>“Prince!” The former bodyguard dove and knocked the boy out of the way.</p>

      <p>In the prince’s stead, the former bodyguard took the giant’s blow. It was like a truck had smashed into him—he bounced off the floor before slamming into a wall and plowing right through it.</p>

      <p>“Old-timer!” I yelled. The former bodyguard gave no response. He...must have...died... The giant’s attack had certainly been fatal.</p>

      <p><em>Damn it!</em></p>

      <p>I gritted my teeth, but I couldn’t focus on that right now. I had to let it go and not lose my cool.</p>

      <p>I set <em>Calm Mind </em>to 99%.</p>

      <p>“Aahhhhh!” The prince, however, did lose it, reacting with anguish when he realized that his ally was dead. His movements started getting sloppy.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Takatsuki,” Sasa began. “I...can die up to four more times...so should I give it a shot?”</p>

      <p>I shook my head. “No. I doubt that an unarmed attack will do much good against a lava-covered giant.”</p>

      <p>Regardless of anything else, I couldn’t accept her attacking with the assumption that she’d perish in the process.</p>

      <p>At this point, the blight giant seemed to be getting used to the prince’s attacks. It was learning, and its counterattacks had started to change. Each time it moved, globs of lava shed from its body and set the ground alight. With fire raging beneath his footsteps, the prince was running out of places to move. He’d soon be caught.</p>

      <p>“Sasa, help Prince Leonardo!” I commanded. “Throw a boulder or some rubble at the giant and grab its attention. Don’t move too close though—you can’t get hit!”</p>

      <p>“G-Got it. I’ll do my best.”</p>

      <p>I offered a mental apology for asking her to do something so dangerous but then noticed that Princess Sophia was watching me.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki...” she murmured. “Is there nothing you can do...?”</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia...”</p>

      <p>As she asked for my aid, her face looked shattered, heartbroken.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you accept Princess Sophia’s request?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶Yes</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>On an emotional level, I’d definitely pick yes...but how was I physically supposed to defeat this thing?</p>

      <p><em>Come on, </em>I thought.<em> There must be a way...there’s gotta be. Is there some hint? A revival item? A support character? If we were in Macallan or Labyrinthos, then I could at least use elemental magic...but here?</em></p>

      <p>I racked my mind, but I couldn’t come up with anything.</p>

      <p><em>What do I—</em></p>

      <p>Just then, I was interrupted by Noah. <em>Makoto...use Princess Sophia.</em></p>

      <p>What? Noah? Use her? What did she mean?</p>

      <p>Use... Wait, maybe?</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia!” I yelled. “Do you have any magic skills?”</p>

      <p>“I do not have any training as a mage...but I do have <em>Ice Magic (King Rank)</em>. I can only use self-defense spells, though...”</p>

      <p><em>That’s it! </em>I grabbed her hand immediately. That might’ve been rude, but I’d apologize later.</p>

      <p>“What are you doing?!” she demanded, but I’d expected that response.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, but I’ve gotta borrow your mana to save him.”</p>

      <p>“V-Very well,” she conceded. It seemed like the words “save him” had been enough to make her calm down.</p>

      <p>I held onto her hand and concentrated.</p>

      <p><em>Synchro.</em></p>

      <p>Instantly, it felt like I’d dropped into a waterfall—pleasantly chill mana flowed into me.</p>

      <p>“Ngh!” I heard the princess gasp quietly.</p>

      <p>“Sasa! Prince Leonardo! Get back!” The prince didn’t hear me, but Sasa dragged him away from the giant.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Water Dragon!</em>”</p>

      <p>A dragon of ice gushed forward from my hand toward the blighted beast.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? </em>Water Dragon<em> turned into an ice dragon? </em>It must’ve been because of the princess’s ice affinity.</p>

      <p>The ice dragon struck the giant, which bellowed a reverberating roar as its lava skin started to freeze. Its movement slowed slightly. <em>Maybe this would actually work well?</em></p>

      <p>The giant gave another roar, ripping the ice dragon off.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki...what on earth?” Princess Sophia asked.</p>

      <p>“I used <em>Synchro</em> with you to tap into your magic... Are you okay?”</p>

      <p>“I-I am, but let me re—”</p>

      <p>As soon as I heard her say she was all right, I interrupted. “Then let’s keep going.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>I upped the rate of mana transfer and even more of her power poured into me.</p>

      <p>“Hau!” She shuddered, her back arching. Maybe I pulled too much at once?</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Twin Ice Dragons.</em>” This time, I used two of the dragons to attack. They managed to slightly damage the blight giant, but it crushed them eventually.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, ultra rank isn’t quite cutting it...”</p>

      <p>The princess was breathing heavily. Keeping <em>Synchro</em> active for too long might not be good for her.</p>

      <p>“U-Um... My body...is hot...”</p>

      <p>“Can you manage?” I asked. “Does it hurt?”</p>

      <p>“N-No...it doesn’t hurt.”</p>

      <p>“Then we’ll finish it with the next one. Full power.”</p>

      <p>“What, that wasn’t—”</p>

      <p><em>Full Synchro.</em></p>

      <p>It felt like I’d become utterly one with her. I sank deep, deep, and deeper still into the princess.</p>

      <p>“Guh! Ahhhhgnnn...!”</p>

      <p>She let out gasps each time that sounded almost pained... Was she really not suffering?</p>

      <p>Still, I had vast quantities of her mana to work with, and it was far easier to use than elemental magic. This might just do it.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Yamata—</em>” I’d been planning on casting the same king rank spell I’d used in Labyrinthos, but I changed my mind midway through. Setting that one loose in the city would catch the adventurers and knights in the crossfire.</p>

      <p>So let’s change it up! “<em>Water Magic: Ice Phoenix.</em>”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>