<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Makoto Takatsuki Makes Preparations</h1>

      <p>I had a dream. For once, it was just a dream, and not a vision of Noah.</p>

      <p><em>Higashishinagawa, Shinagawa City, Tokyo.</em> I was in a room in a low apartment. The room was plain, with no real decoration. In other words, it was my room. A boy and a girl were inside.</p>

      <p>“Hey, your parents are never home,” commented the girl, Sasa. This dream was a recollection of when we used to play games back in junior high.</p>

      <p>“They both work, so they don’t get home until late. That’s why I like games so much.”</p>

      <p>She paused for a moment. “Doesn’t it get lonely?”</p>

      <p>“Not really. It’s always been this way, so I’m used to it.” Even when they were home, we never spoke much. I preferred being on my own.</p>

      <p>“You’ve got three little brothers, right?” I asked her.</p>

      <p>“Four,” she corrected. “They’re so noisy.”</p>

      <p>“Do you get along, though? I’m an only child, so I don’t really get what it’s like.”</p>

      <p>“More or less. They used to love me, but now they won’t play games with me.” She pouted.</p>

      <p>“So that’s why you come here. Aren’t there any girls that game?”</p>

      <p>“There are...but none of them like the same action games I do.”</p>

      <p>“I’m not that great at action games either, though,” I said.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. I like your RPGs too.”</p>

      <p>“Guess so.” Before Sasa, I’d thought that I liked playing alone...but then, I’d realized that playing with another person was also fun.</p>

      <p>Sasa was currently at my side, munching on pocky. She loved sweet things, so she always had snacks like that. If I had to choose, I preferred savory stuff like chips, so we split our snacks.</p>

      <p>“Say, don’t you think you spend too long getting ready for the boss battle?” Sasa asked. “You’ve got all the weapons and armor, and so many items.”</p>

      <p>“Do I? I thought it was normal.”</p>

      <p>“Wellll, I figured you’d give the boss a shot first to see if you were strong enough. If you get wiped out, you can always use a continue.”</p>

      <p>“I hate playing like that.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm.”</p>

      <p>When playing RPGs, I did my best to never get a game over. Sasa found it annoying to watch, but her playstyle, by contrast, assumed that she’d be using continues.</p>

      <p>“Hey, if you beat him, we’re playing mine next,” Sasa declared.</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>I’d have a game, Sasa would bring a game, and we would take turns playing them. We’d always done that since our first year of middle school.</p>

      <p>In my game, I made it through the dungeon and entered the boss room.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>“This is the boss room! Are you ready?”</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶No</b></code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Anime-style portraits of the protagonist and the cute heroine were bantering on-screen. The heroine had huge eyes and enormous breasts, and she wore fairly exposing clothes.</p>

      <p><em>Lately, I’ve noticed that girls in games are all designed for sex appeal.</em></p>

      <p>Maybe my thoughts showed on my face.</p>

      <p>“So, is this the kind of girl you like?” Sasa asked.</p>

      <p>“No,” I answered after a pause.</p>

      <p>“She’s cute, though. Are you <em>sure</em>?” she needled, poking me in the side with a grin.</p>

      <p>“Sure, she’s got big tits, and she’s cute... ’Cause she’s got big tits.” I glanced at Sasa. When we’d been in our second year of junior high, Sasa’s chest had been extremely modest. Unfortunately, it hadn’t changed much, even in our first year of high school.</p>

      <p>“Why are you looking at me?” she asked softly.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind a smaller chest,” I remarked with a smile.</p>

      <p>“I’ll kill you, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, no violence!”</p>

      <p>She hit me. It hurt.</p>

      <p>Still, that was fine. Payback was served, and I challenged the boss. I’d been extremely prepared, so I won without much issue. Once I saved, I quit the game.</p>

      <p>“Okay, so next we’re playing this!” Sasa cheered, whipping out a game.</p>

      <p>“Oh! That only came out yesterday, didn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“My brother bought it, and I borrowed it to bring here!”</p>

      <p>“Your poor little brother.” It seemed like a common thing that happened when you had older siblings. I’d seen the same thing play out all the time in junior high. That took me back.</p>

      <p>Then, everything started getting hazy. I figured I was about to wake up. Why did I have that dream?</p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it, the heroine kinda looked like Lucy,</em> I thought, just before I regained consciousness.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“It’s morning?” I asked blearily. This was the Hero of Roses’s room. My room.</p>

      <p>I’d stayed the night here. The bed was, what, a king-size? Well, it was huge, around three times bigger than my bed back on Earth.</p>

      <p>As I rubbed my eyes, Sasa came into the room. “Takatsuki! We found a great crepe place in town!” She still liked her sweet stuff. Also, she didn’t look much different than she had in the dream. Strange, considering that she’d actually reincarnated as a monster.</p>

      <p>That’s right—the dream had reminded me of something important. Recently, I’d just been training on my own. That was wrong, though. We were a party, so we should all aim to work together as much as possible. I also needed to buy the best gear and items that I could.</p>

      <p>After all, that was my playstyle.</p>

      <p>“Sasa, let’s go shopping!” I exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Hmm?” She cocked her head sideways like a little bird. <em>Really, she hasn’t changed much since junior high.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Wow, for a minute, I almost thought you were taking me out on a date,” Sasa griped.</p>

      <p>“It’s kinda like that, isn’t it?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“You don’t go to a weapons shop on a date!”</p>

      <p>She really wasn’t happy. I needed to do something.</p>

      <p>“Then, what do you want to go for?” I asked.</p>

      <p>We were in a weapons shop with swords, axes, and spears. The product range here was way bigger than it was in Macallan, and if I showed my identification as a hero, the royal family would pay for my gear. This was great!</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Bladed weapons aren’t exactly my thing...” Sasa muttered with a conflicted look.</p>

      <p>“Oh? What do you mean?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Turns out, there was a sensible reason for it: while I loved fantasy to begin with, Sasa was a more normal high school girl, so she didn’t want to be swinging swords or knives around. That made sense. She hadn’t been given much choice while living in Labyrinthos, but now that she was on the surface, she also didn’t want to actively pick up a blade and kill monsters. If you cut them, they’d bleed, and she didn’t want to see blood. That’s why she’d rather fight barehanded.</p>

      <p>“There are monsters like that blight giant that you can’t touch with your body,” I pointed out.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you’re right...”</p>

      <p>That thing had been covered in lava. There was no way anyone could’ve hit it without a weapon.</p>

      <p>We both sighed in unison.</p>

      <p>“Let’s check out some other gear and items,” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“Sure. Sorry, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. There’s no point in forcing you to fight with a weapon you’re uncomfortable with.”</p>

      <p>And so, we bought her a complete set of fighter gear and some accessories enchanted for defense. As for me, I got bucketloads of recovery items. The royal family’d be picking up the bill anyway.</p>

      <p>This was great.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Makoto, you and Aya are back?” I’d bumped into Prince Leonardo on the way to my room.</p>

      <p>“Yup. We just went shopping around the town. What have you been up to?”</p>

      <p>“I was training magic with Lucy.”</p>

      <p>“She didn’t cause you any issues, did she?” I asked hesitantly.</p>

      <p>Lucy had said she was training magic today, so I was just a little worried she’d lose control in the castle grounds.</p>

      <p><em>Her fireball would burn the gardens to ashes...</em></p>

      <p>“It was fine,” he said, laughing. “She just got a little manasick, so she’s resting in her room.”</p>

      <p>“I see. I’ll go and check on her later.”</p>

      <p>Lucy was pushing herself too hard. I’d have to tell her to dial it back a bit.</p>

      <p>“What did the two of you buy?” asked the prince.</p>

      <p>“Uh, clothes and items, I guess. We bought a whole bunch!” Sasa exclaimed. She seemed happy, but she was also right in front of a member of the royal family. In other words, she was excitedly discussing the money she’d spent in front of the person footing the bill.</p>

      <p>“I really wanted to check out the weapons, but we didn’t find anything suitable in the shops,” I explained.</p>

      <p>My words caused Prince Leonardo’s face to shine. “In that case, would you like to see our vault? As our hero, you and your companions are welcome to use things from it.”</p>

      <p><em>For real?!</em></p>

      <p>“I’d love to!” I answered immediately.</p>

      <p>Sasa was bouncing in place, her body language saying much the same.</p>

      <p>“This way, then.”</p>

      <p><em>We should have talked to him to begin with!</em></p>

      <p>He led us to the vault beneath the castle. The huge metal doors squealed open to reveal a dim room.</p>

      <p>“It’s kinda...musty,” Sasa commented.</p>

      <p>“Yeah...but there’s so much mana in the weapons and armor,” explained the prince. “They’re all enchanted.”</p>

      <p>The huge stone room was lined with countless weapons. Selling just one of them would probably earn you enough to buy a house.</p>

      <p>“You can look at any of it, but make sure you talk to me before you touch anything,” warned Prince Leonardo. “Things covered with chains or cloth are cursed and have been sealed, so take care.”</p>

      <p>“Cursed?!” Sasa exclaimed, yanking her hand back. She’d been right about to touch something... <em>Phew, that was close.</em></p>

      <p>I gave the room my full attention as I peered around. Soon, my eyes fell upon a single magic blade. There was a chill coming off it, and it was shining with mana.</p>

      <p>“Prince Leonardo, what’s this?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“That is a magic blade, an ice sword. Do you want to touch it?”</p>

      <p>“So this is an ice sword...” <em>My dreams...</em> “Can I?”</p>

      <p>“Go ahead,” he said with a smile.</p>

      <p>I pulled the blade from its sheath, and it shone a pale white. So this was a magic sword... It was extremely heavy. <em>S-Seriously?! I can barely lift it...</em></p>

      <p>I staggered slightly beneath the weight.</p>

      <p>“Are you okay, Takatsuki?” Sasa asked, trying to hold me up.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, thanks.”</p>

      <p>“Was it...too heavy?” Leonardo asked with a rueful smile.</p>

      <p>“I guess it’s not suited for me,” I responded, putting it back.</p>

      <p>My dreams...crushed to smithereens.</p>

      <p>“Prince, what’s this?”</p>

      <p>Apparently, Sasa had found something.</p>

      <p>“Is that a hammer?” I wondered. It had the shape of one, at least, but looked more like one of those squeaky mallets rather than a tool a carpenter would use. It appeared to be made of metal, but the glimmer it exuded meant that it was probably also enchanted. Was it mythril? Despite being a hammer, it was cute... <em>Just what Sasa likes best.</em></p>

      <p>“Whaaat?!” the prince exclaimed in shock.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>“A-Aya! You can lift that with one hand?!”</p>

      <p>“Uh? Is there something wrong with that?” She gave the hammer a few test swings. Was that a magic weapon as well?</p>

      <p>“Can I try?” I asked, holding out my hand.</p>

      <p>“Sure,” she said. “It’s a bit heavy, though.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, let’s have—ahhh!” She passed the hammer over with one hand, and the moment I grabbed it, I was dragged to the floor with a thud.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What the hell?!</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto, that’s the Fierce Deity’s Hammer. A hero wielded it a thousand years ago, but it’s so heavy that no one has used it since.”</p>

      <p>“That’s <em>too</em> much.” It was small, but dense, like it weighed at least a hundred kilos.</p>

      <p>“I’ll show you what it really looks like... Let’s see, you spin this and...” He twisted the handle around several times.</p>

      <p>The two of us gasped.</p>

      <p>In seconds, the hammer had grown to a ridiculous length, at least two meters long. So, this weapon’s size could be changed at will. That thing’s gotta weigh a lot more than a hundred kilos.</p>

      <p>And Sasa had waved it around one-handed...</p>

      <p>“Oooh, that seems fun. It’s super cute too.”</p>

      <p>“Cute?”</p>

      <p>Sasa was currently swinging the hammer around again.</p>

      <p><em>Watch out, Sasa!</em></p>

      <p>“I-If it is to your liking, then you can have it. I will inform my sister,” the prince said, backing away slightly.</p>

      <p>“What do you want to do, Sasa?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ll take this,” she agreed, twisting the handle back and making it shrink again.</p>

      <p>“At its smallest size, it can be worn as an accessory and is much lighter,” Prince Leonardo explained. “When you aren’t using it as a weapon, you can carry it like this.”</p>

      <p>“Sure thing.”</p>

      <p>That was pretty convenient, though there weren’t many people that could use it.</p>

      <p>At least Sasa seemed to like it.</p>

      <p>I parted with Sasa and decided to go train my magic. While I was headed to my room, I came across a certain red-headed elf who was swaying on her feet.</p>

      <p>“Lucy?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, Makoto...?” Her clothes were in disarray...it was kinda hot. <em>Wait, </em>not<em> the time.</em></p>

      <p>“I heard you used too much magic and got manasick. You okay?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... I’ll be fine if I just lay down a bit,” she mumbled, gazing at me with hazy eyes. She looked like she was still half asleep.</p>

      <p>“You shouldn’t train <em>too </em>much,” I told her.</p>

      <p>“But <em>you </em>train all the time,” she grumbled with a pout.</p>

      <p><em>I suppose she’s right. </em>“Well, I’m heading back to my room right now to do some training. Want to come with?” I hoped to have a chat with her anyway.</p>

      <p>“To your room?! S-Sure,” she answered, eyes wide open. I guess she must’ve woken up a bit.</p>

      <p>I made it to my room and stepped inside, beckoning Lucy after me.</p>

      <p>“E-Excuse me...” she said.</p>

      <p>“What’re you being so uptight for?” I asked, watching her cautiously enter the room. Seriously, when’d she get like this?</p>

      <p>“I mean, this is the first time I’ve been in your room...”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, is it?” Back in Macallan, I’d stayed at the guild, which hadn’t really afforded me my own private space. This was the first room in this world that was <em>mine</em>. Still, it was a room in Roses’s castle. It was borrowed, more like a hotel room, so I didn’t feel any ownership over it.</p>

      <p>Oh well, forget all of that.</p>

      <p>“Sit down around there,” I told her, gesturing.</p>

      <p>“R-Right.”</p>

      <p>She sat on the bed, and I sank down beside her. We were alone in the room, and here in front of me was a short-skirted beauty... <em>Wait, begone, unclean thoughts!</em> I cleared my mind and turned to face her with a serious expression.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, would you consider taking a break from practicing magic to learn some other skills?”</p>

      <p>“Eh, why?”</p>

      <p>“When the blight monster appeared, none of the mages could cast anything, could they? If you learn <em>Calm Mind</em>, it’ll come in handy next time.”</p>

      <p>Come to think of it, maybe it’d be better if every mage and adventurer in the country learned it. At some point, I’d have to discuss this with Princess Sophia or Prince Leonardo.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...<em>Calm Mind</em> is a rare skill, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Wha?” <em>Huh? It is?</em></p>

      <p>“There are a lot of skills that stabilize emotions, but <em>Calm Mind</em> is a high-level one. The only thing I could learn would probably be <em>Serenity</em>.”</p>

      <p>Huh, I hadn’t known that. “Let’s go with <em>Serenity</em> then. I use <em>Calm Mind</em> all the time, and it kept my concentration up during the battle, I think.”</p>

      <p>“You use it...all day?” Lucy was looking at me like I was some bizarre creature. “In that case, it probably has a similar effect to <em>Concentration</em>... I guess using those skills to train might work well.”</p>

      <p>“I haven’t paid much attention to that aspect of it, but maybe it does have that effect.” I’d just been using the skill to stave off my unease as my classmates left the Water Temple one after another. <em>Calm Mind</em> must offer a secondary focusing effect too.</p>

      <p>Lucy seemed to perk up. “Yeah, you might be onto something there! So far, I’ve been going full tilt into magic, but if I learn <em>Serenity</em> and <em>Concentration</em> first, I might do better! Thanks, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“No worries.” Hopefully, she’d be able to fight alongside us the next time a blight monster showed up. Sasa also had a weapon now. There were plenty of things for our party to practice before the next battle.</p>

      <p>“Let’s work on that for now.”</p>

      <p>“Right!”</p>

      <p>And so, we practiced skills for the next few hours. After a while, I heard gentle and relaxed breathing coming from my training partner.</p>

      <p>“Lucy?” I asked softly. “Guess she fell asleep.”</p>

      <p>She’d been working hard for a while now, and she hadn’t gotten enough sleep to begin with. She was sprawled on my bed, so I pulled the covers over her. I’d feel bad if I woke her up. She looked really comfortable...but I could see the mood taking a weird turn if I kept watching her as she slept, so I returned to my own training.</p>

      <p>First, I disabled <em>Calm Mind</em>, then I called out, “Elementals.”</p>

      <p>I heard a chuckle. Had it come from an elemental, maybe? <em>Hmm...I’m not really sure...</em></p>

      <p>I was in my room, so I couldn’t use any large spells...and as time went on, I just got sleepier. At some point, I could no longer fight off sleep, so I fell forward onto my bed and passed out.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The next morning, I awoke to voices speaking outside my room.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Aya.”</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Princess Sophia, Prince Leonardo. Do you need Takatsuki for anything?”</p>

      <p>“Leo wanted to meet with him.”</p>

      <p>“Sister, didn’t you say you wanted to talk to him as well?” That was definitely the prince’s voice.</p>

      <p>“Leo...be quiet.”</p>

      <p><em>Urgh, so noisy.</em></p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, you up?” Aya asked with a knock.</p>

      <p>“Mrgh, yeah,” I answered, rubbing the sleep from my eyes.</p>

      <p><em>I really trained until late last night...</em> Quietly, I opened the door.</p>

      <p>“Morning, Takatsuki. Let’s eat break—”</p>

      <p>“Good morning, do you—”</p>

      <p>Sasa and Sophia both walked in and began to speak, but they immediately froze, their eyes wide.</p>

      <p><em>What was the problem?</em></p>

      <p>“Morning, everyone,” I said while stretching out a bit. “What’s up?”</p>

      <p>For several long moments, I got no response.</p>

      <p>“Say, Takatsuki...” Sasa began in a frigid tone. An awful chill raced down my spine. <em>Sense Danger</em> was blaring like crazy. <em>What the hell?!</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki...” Princess Sophia’s voice was like a shower of hail. Literally, I felt the room cool down by several degrees.</p>

      <p>She was using her ice magic...? <em>Wh-What’s going on?!</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto,” Prince Leonardo said in a cherubic voice. “Lucy seems to not have any clothes on. Maybe you should cover her so she doesn’t catch a cold.”</p>

      <p>As soon as he asked that question, I knew what kind of hot water I was in...and boy, was it boiling! I glanced to my side where Lucy was dozing. Right, she’d fallen asleep in my bed last night. Thinking back, I vaguely remembered her stripping her top off while complaining about the room being too warm...</p>

      <p>This is awful!</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>