<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Makoto Takatsuki Fights Enemies Attacking Horn</h1>

      <p>“Let’s head for Highland, then,” I suggested to everyone. We had no real reason to stay in Horn long-term.</p>

      <p>“Because there weren’t any goblins?” Lucy teased.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, problem?</em></p>

      <p>“There aren’t many elementals here, so it makes training more difficult,” I said, trying to give an excuse that any <em>Elementaler</em> would. Still, the bigger reason for leaving was that barrier around the capital; since there were no monsters to hunt, I’d be in the financial red while we stayed in Horn.</p>

      <p>Sasa agreed, fiddling with her hair. “That sounds fine.”</p>

      <p>I guess she wasn’t fond of the area after she’d beat up all the knights. We often came across them in the town, but usually <em>they</em> were the ones avoiding <em>her</em> gaze.</p>

      <p>“Very well. We should inform the castle before we leave,” Fujiyan told us.</p>

      <p><em>We had to do that?</em></p>

      <p>“I will go and bid our farewells,” Chris offered.</p>

      <p>“Shall I come with you, Miss Chris’h?”</p>

      <p>“Nina, I’ve told you not to bother with the ‘Miss.’ Let’s go together.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, Chris’h. I’ll go get ready’h.”</p>

      <p>The friendship between them obviously wasn’t just skin deep. You’d never guess that they’d been at each other’s throats until the other day.</p>

      <p>We all got ready to depart Horn while we waited for them to return.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“When we informed the castle of our intent to leave, they stated that they would like to hold a banquet and instructed that we should come to the castle tonight,” Chris explained with a troubled expression.</p>

      <p>“They wish to stop us...I suppose,” Fujiyan murmured.</p>

      <p>“And, if we don’t go...” I began, looking over everyone.</p>

      <p>“We have to, Makoto. Honestly, what are you thinking?” Lucy asked, folding her arms and sighing.</p>

      <p>“It’s best to give proper farewells to all those higher-ups, Takatsuki,” Sasa added.</p>

      <p><em>You too?! </em>Both my party-mates were scolding me...</p>

      <p>All right, I’d learn eventually. This was a forced event, then.</p>

      <p>“Maybe there’ll be a load of tasty food,” Sasa pondered. <em>Was she just after the meal...?</em></p>

      <p>“Roses’s court chefs are apparently of a very high caliber’h,” Nina answered dutifully.</p>

      <p><em>Guess that means I can get my hopes up too.</em></p>

      <p>So, the whole group ended up going to the castle again.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Wowowow! This is amazing, Takatsuki!” Sasa exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Mmm, this is great! Sasa, try this.”</p>

      <p>“Calm down, you two.” Lucy’s exasperation at the both of us was no surprise.</p>

      <p>My imagination had underestimated the quality of the cooking—every dish was superb.</p>

      <p>There was steak so tender that you could tease it apart with chopsticks, and a sashimi platter that featured fish similar to a huge tuna. (It was even served with something close to soy sauce!) There were also crab and shrimp dishes with tempura vegetables alongside vivid salads.</p>

      <p>Was it a coincidence that so much of it was similar to Japanese food?</p>

      <p><em>Well...no. They were probably doing it on purpose to appeal to our tastes.</em></p>

      <p>“Takatsuki! There’s a dessert corner!”</p>

      <p>“Right! Let’s go!”</p>

      <p>The party was buffet-style, so Sasa was having plenty of fun eating her way around the room. Honestly, I was too. I was glad we’d come.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, what do you think? Does Roses’s food measure up to your tastes?” It was Prince Leonardo. I didn’t want to be rude, so I straightened up in front of him. The fact that Sasa was gulping down wine behind me weighed on my mind. <em>I hope she doesn’t get too drunk and do anything improper...</em></p>

      <p>“It’s the first time I’ve had such delicious food,” I answered honestly. Really, I did think so.</p>

      <p>“I suggested to my sister that we have this buffet,” Prince Leonardo admitted. “I wanted to talk to you again.” His youthful eyes were sparkling, and he looked just like an adorable girl. Honestly, that amount of cuteness was wasted on a guy.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, would you show me some magic again?”</p>

      <p>“Ummm...okay. Come this way.”</p>

      <p>It’s not like I could half-ass a request from a prince. Luckily, I’d spotted a fountain in the castle gardens.</p>

      <p>“Elementals, elementals...” I murmured, borrowing some mana from the few elementals in the area. “<em>Water Magic: Dance!</em>”</p>

      <p>I used the fountain’s water to sculpt mermaids, birds, horses, and other animals before animating the figures and making them dance. It was like a performance of water, and the band that’d been playing music changed the tune to match the tempo of the water dancers.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>