<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Sorry, Lucy, but we can’t let Sasa get too cold. Just stay like that for a while.”</p>

      <p>“Hahhh, Lu the space heater.” Sasa’s pale face was regaining its color. Thank goodness. It was a great thing that Lucy was always so warm.</p>

      <p>“Ugh, she’s so cold...” complained Lucy. “It’s all right, though. Are you okay, Aya?”</p>

      <p>“Mmm, warm.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, where are you touching?!”</p>

      <p>Sasa had started feeling around Lucy’s body. “I wonder if there’s anywhere warmer.” Sasa’s hands were moving really lewdly. Yup...seeing two cute girls <em>together</em> sure was a sight to behold...</p>

      <p>“Right, while we head back to the inn, let’s search for anyone that didn’t get away.”</p>

      <p>“Sure,” the two chorused languidly.</p>

      <p>And so, we progressed cautiously through the city back to the inn.</p>

      <p>Goddess, that really was tiring...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Fujiyan’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>All around us, children were screaming, their eyes shimmering with tears as mothers tried to soothe them; frightened older people accompanied these families, and everyone was trying to escape the monsters. Yet, even in this panicked environment, Roses’s knights were keeping the groups of civilians calm as they guided us all toward the evacuation area.</p>

      <p>“This is awful,” murmured Lady Chris, her face pale.</p>

      <p>“I wonder if the others are all right’h? I’d prefer to join the fight too, but’h...”</p>

      <p>“We are in Roses’s capital. Our friends will be supported by many superb knights and mages... Let us put our faith in them.” My own merchant’s skills were useless here, and I lamented my lack of combat utility.</p>

      <p>“Nina, you are to become a member of the Macallan family. You cannot join adventurers and expose yourself to danger,” said Lady Chris.</p>

      <p>“But everyone else is in trouble’h! And I’m the only one safe back here’h...”</p>

      <p>Lady Chris did not want Lady Nina jumping into the fray, while the latter was worried about the rest of our friends. I myself felt pained since I understood both of their perspectives.</p>

      <p>However, the anxious thoughts of our group were not dissimilar to those of the other fleeing citizens; it seemed like the whole evacuation shelter was filled with unease and sadness, all—</p>

      <p><em>One moment?</em></p>

      <p>My <em>Mind Reading</em> skill had picked up something strange...</p>

      <p>“Lady Nina, Lady Chris, a word?” I asked, interrupting their clash of opinions.</p>

      <p>Everyone around us seemed consumed by fearful thoughts about the monsters...except for one person. Someone with a joyous mindset had suddenly appeared.</p>

      <p>That man was possibly...</p>

      <p>“Lady Nina, could you capture the man over there? The one wearing that deep hat.”</p>

      <p>Lady Chris let out a noise of shock as Lady Nina questioned my motives. “Husband’h? What do you mean’h?”</p>

      <p><em>Of course the two of them were surprised.</em> “I will take responsibility for it, but he must not be allowed to escape,” I told them.</p>

      <p>“You must have some reason’h...” mused Nina. “Got it’h.”</p>

      <p>“Mr. Fujiwara, please explain later.”</p>

      <p>I would need to tell them both about my mind reading...</p>

      <p>“I will lure him to a secluded location,” I said. “Lady Nina, I am counting on you to handle the rest.”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me’h.”</p>

      <p>“Both of you, be careful,” Lady Chris cautioned.</p>

      <p>The others were risking their lives and putting themselves in much more danger, so I would do what I could as well.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Princess Sophia’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>The knights had been ordered to aid the civilians. I’d returned to the castle and left Leo in the care of the palace doctors. Now, as I neared my personal room, my escort spoke up. “Ah, Princess? Perhaps a period of rest—”</p>

      <p>“I do not need it,” I replied. “I need to check the temple and see how the civilians have fared throughout the evacuation. Are mother and father well?”</p>

      <p>“They are! His and Her Majesties have been moved to a safe location.”</p>

      <p>“Good. I will get changed.”</p>

      <p>“I will help,” offered my escort.</p>

      <p>“That is unnecessary. Wait there.”</p>

      <p>I gave the order, then entered my room and closed the door behind me. I sighed out a breath. As the air left my lips, I let my <em>Coldhearted</em> skill drop. It was a unique skill I possessed that constantly kept my emotions running cool, and it had saved me in countless situations. However, it made my expressions rather frosty as well, which was a slight downside.</p>

      <p>The emotions that <em>Coldhearted</em> had been suppressing suddenly flared up now, all at once, and made me gasp. I placed my hands on my cheeks and found them burning with heat. Striding over to the mirror, I peered at my reflection.</p>

      <p>“What in the...?”</p>

      <p>My face was flushed bright red like I’d been cooked in a pot. <em>This</em> was supposed to be the face of the “princess carved of ice?”</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>As I said his name, my body shivered, and I wrapped my arms around myself. I wasn’t cold—if anything, my whole body was flooded with heat.</p>

      <p>“That...<em>Synchro</em> magic...”</p>

      <p>He’d rudely grabbed me, a <em>princess</em>, and had wormed his way into me... Into my heart, and into my body. Simply remembering it... I felt that sensation shooting through my back again, that pleasure. It was almost like being held by the man...</p>

      <p>That was when I realized it.</p>

      <p>“H-How lascivious!”</p>

      <p>I was a priestess serving the goddess of water, Eir! I could not allow my body to become corrupted!</p>

      <p>And yet, I could not forget the image of Makoto Takatsuki smiling at me. Leo had been cornered; my knights and the adventurers had been frozen in fear. I had thought it was the end, that Horn would be trampled by a single giant.</p>

      <p>I’d been despairing.</p>

      <p><em>“Then we’ll finish it with the next one.”</em></p>

      <p>He’d been almost conversational, despite the situation.</p>

      <p><em>“It’s thanks to you.”</em> He’d smiled. His face was...</p>

      <p>“This isn’t the time for that! Sophia!” I shouted at myself, activating my <em>Coldhearted</em> skill again and smoothing my expression out. I changed clothes quickly and left the room, then surveyed my uneasy subordinates.</p>

      <p>“I am heading for the city. Those that can move, join me. However, no one that is injured should be pushing themselves.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, ma’am!” they all chorused.</p>

      <p><em>I need to forget it. Just for now. I am the symbol of peace for this country.</em></p>

      <p><em>I cannot lose my composure.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>I returned to the inn with Lucy and Sasa. The monsters in town all appeared to have been slain since we didn’t run into any on the way back. Once at the inn, I made sure that the girls got some rest.</p>

      <p>Then, I headed for the guild. I quickly reported the conversation I’d had while pretending to be the clown, along with the strange voice I’d heard before the fight with the blight giant.</p>

      <p>“Those associated with the troupe are being searched, by order of the princess,” the guild worker told me. “As for that odd voice... I can’t really comment...” It seemed as though the circus workers were already being investigated as the source of the monsters; however, the authorities weren’t sure how to handle that voice.</p>

      <p>Well, there <em>was</em> the possibility that I’d just been hearing things...</p>

      <p>After speaking to the guild, I took a little look around town, but the knights were still guiding civilians, so I decided there wasn’t much for us adventurers to do.</p>

      <p>I headed back to the inn, and Nina told me that Fujiyan was apparently occupied with something important and would be gone for several days. He’d asked that we wait at the inn until he concluded his business. I agreed, figuring that I’d rest for a while.</p>

      <p><em>Today sure was a day...</em></p>

      <p>Once I’d checked that Lucy and Sasa were sleeping soundly in the next room, I let myself collapse into bed as well. In seconds, I was asleep.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>When I came to, I was standing in the goddess’s space.</p>

      <p>“Noah?”</p>

      <p>I glanced around, and she appeared, smiling broadly.</p>

      <p>“Hi, Makoto. Good work today.”</p>

      <p>“You really helped me during the fight with that giant.” I dropped to one knee, expressing my thanks. Her hint had really saved my bacon... If I hadn’t synchronized with Princess Sophia, I never would’ve beaten the blight giant.</p>

      <p>“To be honest, I think you could’ve come up with it on your own. Still, if you had put forth less effort, Aya might’ve lost at least one of those lives.” Noah said this in a disinterested voice.</p>

      <p>I shuddered. Thinking back on the battle, we had been walking a tightrope—we’d managed to make it through, but only because Sophia happened to have a strong ice magic skill.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true,” Noah remarked, having read my mind. “Roses has a lot of people with water-related magic skills. Leonardo has king rank water magic, so you could have synchronized with him, right?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that might have worked.” He’d been fighting the giant, though. Synchronizing with him in that precarious position wouldn’t have been easy. Ultimately, Princess Sophia had been the best option.</p>

      <p>Noah again responded to my thoughts. “That’s what I think too. Though, I didn’t expect you to synchronize so forcefully with a country’s princess.”</p>

      <p>“Forcefully?”</p>

      <p>You could synchronize gently?</p>

      <p>“It wasn’t a bad thing though, looking at the results.” Noah was smirking meaningfully at me.</p>

      <p>What was she getting at? It was bugging me, but other things were bothering me more. Maybe Noah would know something about <em>that</em>...</p>

      <p>“I heard a kid’s voice just before the giant became blighted. What was it?” I asked.</p>

      <p>After I’d heard that voice, the essentially dead giant had turned into an absolute terror. If that fight had carried on, even several extra lives wouldn’t have helped...</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, that,” she said, unconcerned. “That voice was from the being that you people call ‘the Great Demon Lord.’”</p>

      <p>There was a <em>long</em> pause.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>That was a shocking truth. The voice...belonged to the Great Demon Lord?!</p>

      <p>“The Great Demon Lord has revived?!”</p>

      <p>“Nope. What you heard was just a leftover. Prerecorded.”</p>

      <p>“Right...” I uttered after another pause. I wasn’t so sure... It’d sounded like a proper conversation between the child’s voice and the dying giant.</p>

      <p>“You don’t need to worry about it,” Noah said. “Anyway, that revival hasn’t happened yet. I’d say you have at least another half a year.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t keep up. “You’re spilling incredibly important information like it’s nothing,” I pointed out.</p>

      <p>“Like I said, you don’t need to worry about it. I’ll tell you what you need to know, when you need to know it.”</p>

      <p>“That makes it feel like we’re all dancing in the palm of your hand,” I countered.</p>

      <p>Was that a problem? Well, I was her believer, so I guess not.</p>

      <p>“It sounds bad when you put it like that,” she muttered, sulking. “We gods can’t interfere directly, so we use our believers and priestesses to guide the people below, making sure our lost lambs find the way☆”</p>

      <p>There was practically a cute little sparkle as she finished speaking. Even though what she’d said wasn’t cute at all...</p>

      <p>“So, your followers are essentially pieces on the board?”</p>

      <p>It seemed that Noah only kept me around as a pawn. That made for a pretty unbalanced game.</p>

      <p>“I think you’d be more like a knight...?” she suggested.</p>

      <p>“But you won’t deny the chess piece analogy,” I said. Still, I was happy that she’d called me a knight rather than a pawn... Though that reaction probably didn’t bode well for me.</p>

      <p>Wait, now she was glaring at me. “For someone calling himself a chess piece, you sure don’t listen to me enough.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t?” I mean, she had told me to abandon my friends and flee on several occasions, but there was no way I could do that.</p>

      <p>There was another pause.</p>

      <p>“Normally, a believer is better about listening to their goddess. If I tell you to run, it’s because I don’t want you to die.”</p>

      <p>“Then give me guidance that saves the others as well.”</p>

      <p>“And now you’re dictating to a goddess...” she grumbled.</p>

      <p>Was I really saying something so strange? Was I?</p>

      <p>“Whatever. You did really well today!” she cheered.</p>

      <p>“I did? Thinking back on the battle, I feel like I have a lot to improve on.”</p>

      <p>I hadn’t been able to use my elemental magic in Horn, and the blight giant had been too dangerous for my friends to fight. They’d even been unable to run away. I’d been too naive about a lot of things, so now that I was more aware, I needed to come up with countermeasures.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mean good job with the battle,” she clarified.</p>

      <p>I looked quizzically at her, waiting for her to explain.</p>

      <p>“I meant about making friends with the priestess.”</p>

      <p>My words faltered. “I...didn’t, though?”</p>

      <p>I could probably say that I got along well with the hero prince, but his sister? As soon as we’d defeated that blight giant, she’d headed off somewhere. I guess she had to go take command since, after all, she was a princess.</p>

      <p>Noah let out a sigh and shook her head, dismay apparent on her face.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“This is why you’re called dense.”</p>

      <p>“What did you say?” Huh, what was that? I’m dense?</p>

      <p>“I said, ‘this is why you’re called dense.’”</p>

      <p>She’d said it twice. Must be important.</p>

      <p>But, I wasn’t dense...was I? After all, I’d talked to Fujiyan about Lucy and Sasa.</p>

      <p>“I suppose I can try and build things up with Princess Sophia.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... I don’t think you need to...” Noah mused. “Well, anyway, do your best.”</p>

      <p>“I will. I need to train more as well.” I had to make sure that I was never stuck in a situation like the blight giant battle ever again.</p>

      <p>“My, how diligent. Then your wonderful, kind goddess will give you a hint.” She grinned, then patted me on the head. She seemed to be in a good mood now. “Makoto, you activate your <em>Calm Mind</em> skill while you’re using elemental magic, right?”</p>

      <p>“I do. Well, I’ve almost always got it running, not just when I’m using magic.”</p>

      <p>Since <em>Calm Mind</em> was a skill that soothed the thoughts of the user, it was perfect for mages. Casting magic required concentration, and having a skill that cleared the restless mind was a huge boon.</p>

      <p>“You need to stop using <em>Calm Mind</em> with elemental magic.”</p>

      <p>“Why?” That was the exact opposite of what I’d learned at the Water Temple. My teachers had driven home how useful a calming skill could be in battle. So now, I had to stop using it on purpose?</p>

      <p>“Elementals prefer it when you show your feelings.”</p>

      <p>“They...do?” I asked. That certainly hadn’t been in the book.</p>

      <p>“Well, the book said that, in order to use stronger elemental magic, you need to bond with the elementals. Is that right? Besides, doesn’t everyone prefer speaking with more sociable people?”</p>

      <p>“Well...I guess so,” I conceded. Considering how much trouble I had with that sort of thing, her words hurt to hear. <em>The elementals think I’m unsociable? Ugh.</em></p>

      <p>“Well, just try it,” said Noah. “You’ve got a lot to learn as an <em>Elementaler</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. I’ll give it a go.”</p>

      <p>“Yup, do your best.” She stroked my head. Recently, I’d been getting more used to her doing that.</p>

      <p>And, just as I thought that, Noah started pouting. Whoops, guess she was reading my mind.</p>

      <p>“Right, I should get going then,” I said, making my excuses and moving to withdraw.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, what is it?”</p>

      <p>Noah slid closer. I didn’t even have time to think about what was going on before she’d kissed me on the forehead.</p>

      <p>I froze.</p>

      <p>“Your reward for the day,” she said, smiling, as she vanished.</p>

      <p><em>Whoa. Whoa, whoa, hold on! I thought my heart was going to stop!</em></p>

      <p>Even with <em>Calm Mind</em> going, my chest was pounding. That was bad for my constitution... The worst thing she’d done so far...</p>

      <p>Oh well, I guess. I’d just take it as a reward for working hard.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>It started the day after the attack.</p>

      <p>“Heyyy, the Fujiwara Company is providing meals.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not all—they’ve also got clothes.”</p>

      <p>“My kids are young, so this shop’s a lifesaver...”</p>

      <p>“The employees are all cute beastgirls too! It’s so soothing.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe I should sign up...”</p>

      <p>“Men find it tough to get employed there.”</p>

      <p>Horn was in the midst of recovering from the damage that the monsters had inflicted. The area where the giant had rampaged was the hardest hit, but some other large monsters had damaged houses, and many folks had nowhere to go at the moment.</p>

      <p>The country and church were providing temporary lodging to those displaced, but there weren’t enough supplies to go around. Food and clothes were a particular issue. Luckily, the Fujiwara Company had noticed that void immediately and had stepped in.</p>

      <p>It was a decision Fujiyan had made. <em>He’s a bit too efficient, don’t you think? Are we really the same age?</em></p>

      <p>Apparently, he’d left on the day of the attack and had returned soon after with his airship full of goods and volunteers ready to aid Horn. When other nobles and companies finally moved to provide their own help, the refugees had already been supplied by the Fujiwara Company.</p>

      <p>“Fujiyan’s amazing!” Lucy exclaimed. She was watching some of the refugee children as they played.</p>

      <p>“Okay, everyone, wait your turn!” Sasa cajoled as she handed out sweets. “No cutting in line.” She’d lived with four younger brothers back on Earth, hadn’t she? It seemed like she was pretty used to handling children.</p>

      <p>Since Sasa was also good at cooking, she’d been volunteering with Nina at Fujiyan’s place, giving out food and dealing with the kids. She’d actually suggested that task for herself, as a way of helping out.</p>

      <p>On the other end of things, Lucy and I had been working with the adventurers to clear the rubble and rebuild the capital. Magic was extremely convenient in this case since even the hugest chunks of wreckage could be floated away. However, neither Lucy nor I could use that type of spell, so we’d just steadily cleaned by hand. Also, the guild <em>was</em> paying us to do so.</p>

      <p>Once Lucy and I had finished our job for the day, we went to fetch Sasa.</p>

      <p>“And that’s all of them. Oh! Takatsuki, Lu!”</p>

      <p>“Good work, Sasa,” I told her.</p>

      <p>“You must be exhausted,” Lucy added.</p>

      <p>“Nah, I love playing with the kids.” Despite working hard day after day, Sasa’s smile didn’t show any hint of fatigue. She sure was something.</p>

      <p>“Let’s head back to the inn,” I suggested. “Fujiyan might turn up today.”</p>

      <p>“It feels like Fujiwara’s been flitting around and working this whole time,” Sasa said.</p>

      <p>“Should we talk to Nina?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Sasa hummed for a moment, then answered, “She needs to keep an eye on the other employees.”</p>

      <p>“That’s awful...” Lucy commented. “She’s going to be getting married soon.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah.” Lucy and Sasa both looked sadly over at Nina.</p>

      <p>That’s right...she was engaged to Fujiyan. So was Chris. It was crappy luck that she’d gotten caught up with so much work despite that.</p>

      <p>“We should head back then, just us three,” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“Yup.”</p>

      <p>“Suuure.”</p>

      <p>Since we were all finished, we went back to the inn.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>That evening, we were joined by a joyous Fujiyan.</p>

      <p>“Ah, we finally meet again,” he commented with a belly laugh.</p>

      <p>Chris was slumped by his side.</p>

      <p>“Are you okay, Chris’h?” Nina asked, concerned.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Nina, it’s been a while,” Chris murmured in response.</p>

      <p>Sasa spoke up with a smile on her face. “Thanks to Fujiwara, all the kids are happy, even without a home to return to.”</p>

      <p>Fujiyan turned to Sasa and said, “I heard that you have been helping Lady Nina.”</p>

      <p>“She’s been a star’h!” Nina exclaimed. “Miss Sasaki is wonderful with children’h.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I used to look after my little brothers a bunch,” Sasa answered, shyly scratching the back of her head. Honestly, though, it was just as I’d expected—all of the kids in the city now admired her.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, my esteemed Tackie, I have heard tell of your exploits! So, you defeated another blight monster?!” I didn’t know where Fujiyan had heard that from, but apparently, he wanted to discuss what’d happened a few days ago.</p>

      <p>“Hey, hey, you can’t just say that, Fujiyan. We defeated it together, along with the Hero of Ice and Snow and the other adventurers.”</p>

      <p>I tried to play up the collaboration aspect. The rumors around town right now said that Prince Leonardo, the hero, had defeated the blight giant. If the messaging shifted and revealed that he’d been on the verge of defeat, despite being a hero chosen by the goddess, then the citizens would probably start losing sleep.</p>

      <p>The royal family and the guild had both taken that into account and had adjusted their policies accordingly. Even the guild’s leader had asked each of the adventurers who’d been present to keep a low profile. Of course, the royal family had also provided quite the sum of hush money.</p>

      <p>“There you go again, Makoto! Giving away your achievements...” Lucy chided with a pained grin.</p>

      <p>“That just makes it cooler though!” Sasa exclaimed. “He’s like a hero, protecting people from the shadows.”</p>

      <p>“Right?” I answered. Sasa had a way with words.</p>

      <p>“Besides, we defeated it because Princess Sophia was there, so I’m not giving away my own achievements. It’s more like the Roses family defeated it.”</p>

      <p>“You used <em>Synchro</em> magic with the princess, right’h? You don’t know what fear means, do you’h?” Nina’s face was flustered.</p>

      <p>I mean, it’d been an emergency, and that’s just how it goes.</p>

      <p>“That’s the spell thing from before, isn’t it?” Lucy asked. There was a conflicted look on her face, likely from her recalling our prior experiences.</p>

      <p>“What happened?” asked Chris.</p>

      <p>“I used it with Lucy and got burned all over,” I replied.</p>

      <p>“Right... That must’ve been difficult.” Chris looked a bit surprised, but not exactly stunned.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Lucy, gimme your hand.”</p>

      <p>“What? Why?” she asked, trying to move her hand out of my reach.</p>

      <p>I managed to grab hold of it and then started the sync.</p>

      <p>“Hawww!” Lucy twitched.</p>

      <p>It suddenly felt like boiling water had been poured all over me. “Hot!” I let go in a hurry.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s the big idea?!” Lucy stammered.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, sorry. My mastery went up, so I thought it might work... Guess not, though. Not even slightly.” If anything, her magic felt even wilder now.</p>

      <p>She had the <em>High Wizard</em> skill, which supposedly let her use fire, water, wood, and ground-aligned magic. Since she could technically control water, I <em>should’ve</em> been able to sync with her, but maybe we just weren’t compatible.</p>

      <p>Though...that would mean that Princess Sophia and I <em>were</em> compatible.</p>

      <p>“Pervert,” Lucy mumbled at me, her cheeks flushed red.</p>

      <p>“My bad,” I apologized. Synchronizing out of nowhere was probably a bit inconsiderate. I was just piling on the failures tonight.</p>

      <p>“Hey, do me too,” Sasa said, grabbing my hand.</p>

      <p>“You’d better not, Aya,” warned Lucy. “It gives you chills.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it!” Sasa was looking at me with excitement. She didn’t have a mage skill, so I wondered how it would work.</p>

      <p>“<em>Synchro,</em>” I said, but...nothing happened.</p>

      <p>“I’m...just fine?” Sasa reported, her voice questioning.</p>

      <p>Well, I suppose it made sense. Sasa was a close-quarters physical fighter, not a mage. “Hmm, guess you need a magic skill.”</p>

      <p>“Aww, that’s boring.”</p>

      <p>Nina was next. “I have mid rank earth magic and low rank water magic’h,” she cheered, eagerly reaching out her hand.</p>

      <p><em>Huh, so she has water magic. Not that I’ve ever seen her use it.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>“Do you really want to use </code><code><em>Synchro</em></code><code> with Nina?”</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶No</b></code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>What was this about? <em>RPG Player</em> hadn’t popped up for Lucy or Sasa...</p>

      <p>Nina’s ears were bouncing with excitement in front of me.</p>

      <p>Well, she’ll be marrying Fujiyan, right? I wasn’t entirely sure what had caused the selection screen to appear, but I was pretty sure I shouldn’t pick yes. For some reason, I had a bad feeling about it.</p>

      <p>“Lucy has the <em>High Wizard</em> skill, but it just failed, so maybe not,” I said as an excuse. “It’s just not going well right now.”</p>

      <p>“I see’h...” Nina looked fairly sad about my refusal.</p>

      <p><em>You missed your chance with her, </em>said Noah in my mind.</p>

      <p>Uh... What was that, goddess?!</p>

      <p>I suppose there were some risks to the skill that I didn’t know about. From now on, I’d need to be more careful.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>We finished up our food and then just chatted over tea. It was peaceful. Having us all together again and interacting like this really made it feel like the city was calming back down.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, the whole tumult was caused by a cambion,” Fujiyan told us.</p>

      <p>“A cambion?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“What’s that?” Sasa didn’t know either, then.</p>

      <p>“‘Cambion’ is what we call the offspring of a demon and a human,” Chris explained. “In the dark ages of the last millennium, demons ruled the land and kept humans as slaves, leading to many cambion being born. The ones alive today are the survivors from back then.”</p>

      <p>“They don’t have a country of their own,” Lucy added. “Well, they never did, actually. Their culture is more nomadic. Over the last thousand years, they’ve moved across the west and north continents. I’ve heard that a lot of them are staying in the ruins of Laphroaig...”</p>

      <p>“Neither humans nor demons accept them’h,” Nina said, giving a touch more explanation.</p>

      <p>“Seems like there are race problems here too.” I sighed. Guess all worlds were the same in some ways, depressingly enough.</p>

      <p>“So, one of those cambions caused it?” Sasa asked.</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” Fujiyan said. “In fact, we were able to investigate the circumstances and discover their hideout.”</p>

      <p>Lucy, Sasa, and I gave a trio of shocked gasps. Fujiyan had managed to do all that while evacuating the city? What even <em>was</em> he?!</p>

      <p>“That’s right’h! Husband found the culprit as we were escaping the attack’h.”</p>

      <p>“I was terrified. I couldn’t help but worry that they might be stronger than you...” Though Nina was all excited to relay the story, Chris seemed slightly nervous.</p>

      <p>“What then, what then?!” Sasa pressed. I was curious too.</p>

      <p>“We simply delivered the culprit to the knights. It was nothing too extravagant,” Fujiyan answered with a laugh.</p>

      <p>Chris looked astounded as she elaborated. “I can remember the cambion’s face now. When we handed it over, Mr. Fujiwara told the knights exactly where their hideout was located.” She turned to Fujiyan. “I have no idea when you managed to find that out...”</p>

      <p><em>I see that his mind reading is still serving him well.</em></p>

      <p>“Leaving the cambions unchecked might lead to this happening once more,” he explained. “I simply did what I needed to.”</p>

      <p><em>That’s Fujiyan, all right...</em> I was honestly just impressed.</p>

      <p>The town might actually be more peaceful due to Fujiyan’s work behind the scenes rather than the efforts of adventurers. Regardless, we all celebrated the conclusion of this ordeal and had our own little party.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The next day, we were summoned to the palace.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia was waiting for us, looking cool, collected, and gorgeous.</p>

      <p>Fujiyan had said that she’d been working nonstop. That had to be tough.</p>

      <p>“Merchant Fujiwara. Your contribution to the city is extreme in two regards: not only did you donate goods and aid to our citizens, but you also apprehended the cambion working behind the scenes. Due to your actions, many of our people still live.”</p>

      <p>“I simply did what any citizen of Roses should do,” Fujiyan said, bowing his head politely. He was playing this well.</p>

      <p>“Is there anything you desire?”</p>

      <p>“I have recently become engaged to the daughter of Lord Macallan, Lady Christina.”</p>

      <p>“I see,” she stated without any sign of surprise.</p>

      <p>I was shocked that he would bring up something so important. But, I got an explanation a little later—a few days ago, when Fujiyan, Nina, and Chris had taken the airship back to Macallan for supplies and aid, they’d reported the betrothal to Chris’s family. Apparently, the three of them had been heavily questioned, but the state of emergency in Horn had allowed them to convince everyone quickly.</p>

      <p><em>That must’ve been why Chris had seemed so listless...</em></p>

      <p>“I ask one thing,” Fujiyan said to Princess Sophia. “If I am to receive a peerage or any land, I would like it to be based near Macallan.”</p>

      <p>“Very well,” answered the princess. “I shall make the preparations with that in mind. You will be informed of the details before too long.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>Well, that was all sorted. Now Fujiyan would be a noble, <em>and</em> he’d have two wives.</p>

      <p>He’d advanced so far from where we’d all started in this world... It almost felt like he was but a distant glimmer. It was bizarre, like an old friend I’d fallen out of contact with had ended up as a startup CEO or something. Or, maybe not...?</p>

      <p>“Next, Makoto Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“Yes?” I stepped forward.</p>

      <p>“By defeating the blight monster, you have served the country well.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” I managed to say after a moment.</p>

      <p>Officially, Prince Leonardo had done it. So...could I admit the truth here? No one reacted negatively to the princess’s words, and the prince himself had sparkling eyes as he looked at me. I suppose everyone here was trusted, and the gag order was more of a general thing for the citizens.</p>

      <p>The princess took a slight breath. She was staring steadily at me, almost glaring. But...just as I thought that, I noticed her eyes were watering. She wasn’t glaring, then.</p>

      <p><em>Is she...nervous?</em></p>

      <p>I waited quietly for what she’d say. Silence reigned in the hall for several seconds, and then, she opened her mouth.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki, I wish to bestow the title ‘Hero of Roses’ upon you.”</p>

      <p><em>Uh...you what?</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>