<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Regardless, I sank down into the soft chair. Unlike when I sat on the benches in Macallan’s guild, I couldn’t relax here. I took the offered cup and inhaled the sweet scent drifting up from it.</p>

      <p>“Drink, by all means,” the princess told me.</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” I responded, taking a sip. It...was delicate. Definitely top-quality, and it tasted good, but I couldn’t specify <em>what</em> was good or bad about it.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto,” she said, fixing me with a piercing stare.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?” I replied, straightening.</p>

      <p>“I want to again offer my thanks. And I ask that you forgive my rudeness at the Water Temple.”</p>

      <p>She was bowing deeply to me... <em>Err, what?</em></p>

      <p>“Uh...Princess Sophia, you don’t need to worry about the past.” The only feeling I had in response to her deep bow...was guilt about my own behavior.</p>

      <p>“You are a kind person,” she said, raising her head and giving that slight smile of hers.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, that’s better.</em></p>

      <p>“You look nicer with a smile.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p><em>Ack, I said it out loud!</em></p>

      <p>“Ah, nothing! Excuse me...” Argh, I’d screwed up somehow. She was glaring at me again.</p>

      <p><em>But, hang on, her face looks kinda red... Is she embarrassed? No way.</em></p>

      <p>I decided to change the topic.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure you want me as a hero?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“You defeated the blight giant and saved the capital. A monster that Leo could not bring down, despite being a hero. It is only natural that you be offered the same title.”</p>

      <p>“Well, you and I destroyed it together, didn’t we?”</p>

      <p>“Together...” she mused. “I suppose so. Does it weigh on you?”</p>

      <p>“Not at all. I’ll get strong enough to be worthy of my title.”</p>

      <p>Essentially, I just needed the power to defeat a blight giant on my own. I would train hard. Plus, Noah had recently taught me a new way of using elemental magic.</p>

      <p>“Then I shall put my faith in you.”</p>

      <p>“Right, leave it to me.”</p>

      <p>She smiled again. Yup, she was cuter like this.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, Hero Makoto. Speaking of my protection...would you perhaps...be willing—”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, right, I needed to ask her about that.</em></p>

      <p>I cut her off mid-sentence. “Princess Sophia, would you take that former bodyguard back? I feel bad that he lost his role because of me.”</p>

      <p>She gave a long pause.</p>

      <p>“Very well.”</p>

      <p><em>Uh? She didn’t seem happy. Did I say something weird? I’m sure I didn’t.</em></p>

      <p>I heard a long sigh in my mind. What’s with the theatrics, Noah?</p>

      <p><em>You don’t understand women, do you?</em></p>

      <p>I-I don’t? But that old-timer’s defense was incredible.</p>

      <p><em>That’s not what I mean.</em></p>

      <p>Then what <em>did</em> Noah mean? I’d have to ask Fujiyan later.</p>

      <p>The princess sat in front of me, still glaring with a slightly sulky look on her face. They weren’t the same cold eyes that’d looked down on me before, though.</p>

      <p>“Leo wanted to talk to you. It appears that Highland has summoned you as well, but in regards to the date that they expect you, there is some leeway. Please stay in Horn for the time being.”</p>

      <p>“I-I will.”</p>

      <p>That’s right... We’d been heading off to Highland before all of this. Now that I’d become a hero, I’d first have to stay here and learn for a while.</p>

      <p>The conversation between us dried up, and so we gazed wordlessly at each other.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, I guess we’re done then.</em> Still, this had been easier than I’d expected. Maybe I should close the distance between us like Noah had suggested. After all, we’d be working in the same place and she was my superior now.</p>

      <p>I held out my right hand to her.</p>

      <p>“Uh, what are you...?”</p>

      <p>“I look forward to working with you,” I said, simultaneously realizing that asking a royal for a handshake might be rude. I couldn’t take it back now, though.</p>

      <p>After a slight hesitation, she answered, “Likewise.” Her grip was tight, almost painful. We clasped hands for a while, looking each other in the eye.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the tea,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Indeed...”</p>

      <p>I let go of her hand and then exited the room. <em>That was tough.</em> At some point, I should ask Fujiyan for tips on interacting with noblewomen.</p>

      <p>As I stepped out of the room, the waiting soldier closed the door. Muffled behind it, I heard a soft thump, like someone had dived onto a bed.</p>

      <p>Wordlessly, the soldier and I exchanged glances.</p>

      <p>“Lady Sophia, is there an issue?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“Not in the slightest,” came the aloof response. Maybe the sound had been my imagination.</p>

      <p>I bid my farewell to the knight and then headed back to my friends.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Christina’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Mister Takatsuki is just as incredible as you said, husband’h!” Nina’s ears were bouncing in happiness.</p>

      <p>“My, Nina, are you not happy that Sir Fujiwara is now part of the nobility?” I asked teasingly. This kind of interaction used to be much more difficult.</p>

      <p>“Ah! I’m sorry’h!”</p>

      <p>“Not at all,” Sir Fujiwara answered. “I am equally as proud that my friend was bestowed the title. There will now be a hero living in Macallan, and this will help develop the city. Am I right, Lady Chris?”</p>

      <p>“You are quite correct.”</p>

      <p>A hero’s name carried a vast weight. That was doubly true now since people were uneasy due to rumors of the Great Demon Lord’s resurrection. There were already doomsayers heralding a return to the dark ages when humanity was enslaved by demons.</p>

      <p>Everyone was afraid, and desperation caused more fringe ideas to become commonplace; there were rising numbers of people who believed in heretical religions outside the realm of the goddesses, and an uptick in drug users partaking in weed to relieve fear. Therefore, a hero in Macallan would make the town seem safe, and swathes of people would want to move in. It was the same phenomenon that had happened in every country’s capital—the towns that housed heroes were all huge and developed.</p>

      <p><em>So, if Macallan becomes home to a hero...</em></p>

      <p>“We are going to be busy indeed,” Sir Fujiwara commented, almost as if he could read my thoughts.</p>

      <p>“We are.”</p>

      <p>Huge numbers of people would be flooding into Macallan. It was our chance to grow!</p>

      <p>“You look happy’h,” said Nina.</p>

      <p>“You will be just as busy as the rest of us, so bear that in mind!” She and I laughed together.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Makoto’s back,” I heard Lucy say.</p>

      <p>It seemed like the hero of the hour had returned.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, how was it?” Sasaki asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, we just talked,” he said, scratching his cheek. This man had just been appointed as a state hero, and now he was here.</p>

      <p><em>He doesn’t </em>look<em> all that strong... </em>And yet...he’d already triumphed over blight monsters twice.</p>

      <p>Everyone from the otherworld was incredible.</p>

      <p>“What did you talk about?” Lucy pressed.</p>

      <p>“Uh, I just told her that I’d do my best as a hero, I guess? She wants us to stay in Horn for a while. Oh, and she made me some tea.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, that’s pretty normal.”</p>

      <p>“Right?”</p>

      <p><em>What?!</em> I thought in shock as I registered what he had said. “Mr. Takatsuki! Princess Sophia herself served you tea?!” I demanded.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah, she did. Is there an issue with that, Christina?”</p>

      <p>“Maybe it’s rude to have a princess do that?” Lucy suggested.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, but...”</p>

      <p>“No, Lucy,” I interrupted. “Not at all...” I glanced around the rest of our group and found that I was the only one surprised.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter, Lady Chris?” asked Sir Fujiwara.</p>

      <p>“What’s up, Chris’h?”</p>

      <p>“N-No, it is nothing,” I answered. “I was simply surprised...” Maybe I was jumping to conclusions. It would be best to keep it to myself.</p>

      <p>A woman of Roses inviting a man to her room and preparing the tea herself...meant that she had feelings for him. It was an old custom of Roses’s noblewomen. Though, it was obsolete, so not many people would indicate attraction in this way anymore. However, my tutors had taught me about the practice, and I’d been warned against doing so to avoid giving a man the wrong impression.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia would likely have had the best tutors in the country, so she would, of course, know of this custom. In other words, it had been intentional.</p>

      <p>She had feelings for the Hero of Roses, Makoto Takatsuki. A chill ran down my spine.</p>

      <p><em>I must avoid any possible rudeness toward him.</em></p>

      <p>“You look terrified, Chris’h,” Nina said, glancing at me with worry.</p>

      <p>“There is no problem,” I managed to say.</p>

      <p>That’s right, no problem at all. Still, this situation was beyond me... <em>I will need to discuss this with Sir Fujiwara, and with Nina too,</em> I decided seriously.</p>

      <p>The state hero of Roses, Makoto Takatsuki...may end up as Princess Sophia’s lover.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie. I offer my deepest apologies, but I must return to Macallan for a time.”</p>

      <p>“We’ll be back in a few days’h,” Nina added.</p>

      <p>They had been staying in the capital to assist with the repairs, but they’d be going back to Macallan for a while. While they did, Lucy, Sasa, and I would remain here. Fortunately, the princess had prepared a place for us to stay.</p>

      <p>The only thing bothering me was Chris’s behavior.</p>

      <p>She knew full well that Fujiyan and I were friends, but she still kept a sense of distance between us.</p>

      <p>“Sir Takatsuki, upon your return to Macallan, I shall prepare the best lodgings I can, along with a fare cooked by our finest chefs,” Chris told me. “You may have whatever you desire!”</p>

      <p>“S-Seriously, just something normal’s fine.” She was being pretty attentive... Guess my hero title was putting in <em>work</em>.</p>

      <p>I’d need to make sure I didn’t get carried away...<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The next day, I offered my prayers to Noah and then went out for my morning training. I chose to practice in the garden with the biggest fountain. <em>Still,</em> <em>there are almost no elementals around...</em></p>

      <p>Well, this <em>was</em> Roses Castle, so that wasn’t much of a surprise. Deciding to take Noah’s advice, I turned off my <em>Calm Mind</em> skill.</p>

      <p>“Elementals,” I called, hoping to get a feel for the magic without <em>Calm Mind</em> active.</p>

      <p>Mana swirled around me.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Waterball.</em>”</p>

      <p>An armful’s worth of water shot from my right hand.</p>

      <p>“Yeah...it’s not all that different...”</p>

      <p>Maybe I was doing something wrong. Or maybe there just weren’t enough elementals around here. It could even be some influence of the Sacred Deities since they were stronger in the capital.</p>

      <p>As I pondered it all, I heard a voice ask, “Hero?”</p>

      <p>I turned around to see the former bodyguard standing there. Wait, not “former” anymore.</p>

      <p>“Oh, good morning,” I replied.</p>

      <p>“You begin your training early. I admire your determination.”</p>

      <p>“So do you,” I said. “The patrols must require a lot of effort.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. We never know when a monster may appear, so there is a twenty-four-hour watch.”</p>

      <p>That seemed meticulous. <em>Maybe I should help too.</em> After all, I was employed by the country as a hero.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, my role as a bodyguard has been restored, thanks to you! You have my gratitude!”</p>

      <p>“Well, it was your job to begin with.”</p>

      <p>“Members of my family have served as Roses’s shield for generations. You have allowed me to regain my honor!”</p>

      <p>Urgh... So the role I’d taken from him had been really important. I felt so guilty...</p>

      <p>However, he didn’t seem to notice my regret. He let out a laugh, and his gaze turned toward the garden, which, like all the other gardens around the castle, was in bloom year-round.</p>

      <p>“These spaces are wonderful, no matter how many times I see them.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, they’re pretty,” I replied.</p>

      <p>To be honest, I’d only checked the garden for elementals since I didn’t really care about flowers...but when I took another look, it certainly was a sight to behold.</p>

      <p>“We must all do our utmost to protect these places.” He spoke softly while almost caressing a flower. There was something surreal about seeing a big burly man doing something so delicate, but I decided to keep my mouth shut and not poke fun.</p>

      <p>He was more of a romantic than I’d expected.</p>

      <p>“When the Great Demon Lord returns, I shall stand as your shield.”</p>

      <p>“I’m glad to hear it.” After all, my defenses were like tissue paper, while the old-timer had walked away after taking a blight giant’s blow—it would be a huge relief to have him as my shield.</p>

      <p>I was still unsure about my strength, and also about what my job as a hero actually entailed, but I figured that I should work together with as many strong people as possible.</p>

      <p>As I pondered that, something else came to mind. “Hey, that reminds me, what’s this ‘Northern Front Plan’ that Princess Sophia mentioned?”</p>

      <p>Working on that was apparently my first duty as a hero.</p>

      <p>“Oh! The plan!” exclaimed the bodyguard. “Hero, are you aware that there is a separate continent from the one we reside on? It lies to the north of us, while we are situated relatively to the west.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, I know of it,” I answered, thinking back to my lessons in the Water Temple. “From what I’ve heard, the northern continent is home to a lot of demons and monsters.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. Of the nine demon rulers that once served the Great Demon Lord, three remain. Those demons have dominion over the northern continent.”</p>

      <p>I’d heard about that. The land to the north was often called “the demon continent.”</p>

      <p>With that context in place, I had some idea about what the plan might involve. “So, then, the Northern Front Plan...”</p>

      <p>“Is to preemptively defeat the demon rulers on the northern continent before the Great Demon Lord returns,” finished the bodyguard.</p>

      <p>“Oooh...”</p>

      <p>It made sense. The Great Demon Lord’s return was <em>their</em> problem—there was no need for the human races to stand around waiting.</p>

      <p>Still, exterminating demon rulers! What a prospect. I was getting excited. As a lover of RPGs, something in this plan called to me. However, my current strength wouldn’t be enough, so I’d have to master elemental magic.</p>

      <p>“Hero, are you not scared?” the bodyguard asked with a strange look.</p>

      <p>“What? Well, I don’t know how powerful these demons are, but I’ll have to train my magic and grow stronger.”</p>

      <p>“You seem to be looking forward to it...?” questioned the bodyguard. “Even so, it is heartening to hear you say that.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, I looked like I was excited about the impending battle... That wasn’t good...</p>

      <p>“Alas, I must return to my patrol,” the old-timer told me.</p>

      <p>“Sure. Thanks for all the information.” With that said, I returned to my training.</p>

      <p>Though, I still wished that he would speak to me casually, like before.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Makoto, things are going well in Roses.</em></p>

      <p>“You seem to be in a good mood, Noah.”</p>

      <p><em>I spoke with the water goddess, Eir. She’s happy to have you as a hero. Roses has no strong fighters, so she’s honestly overjoyed.</em></p>

      <p>I sighed. “So you can talk with the Sacred Deities.” I’d thought that the wicked gods and the Sacred Deities were enemies.</p>

      <p><em>It was an old war. Why shouldn’t we be able to speak after all this time?</em></p>

      <p>“Well, I guess you’re right...” If enemy nations couldn’t ever communicate after a war, then no one would be able to talk with anyone else. Since the war between the gods had happened so long ago, it seemed that they felt no animosity in speaking to one another.</p>

      <p><em>That’s how it is, </em>said Noah, confirming my thoughts.<em> But you can’t have her blessing, so you’ll have to make do without it.</em></p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t be that greedy. Yours is more than enough.”</p>

      <p><em>Good boy. Now, do your bessst...</em> Noah replied, her voice fading away.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” I folded my arms and looked up at the sky.</p>

      <p><em>The Northern Front Plan... The demon continent... Exterminating the demonic rulers...</em></p>

      <p>Did those things align with what I should be doing as Noah’s (a wicked deity’s) disciple? Fighting <em>against</em> demons felt a bit contradictory to the “wicked” label. The plan also felt a bit roundabout, but it also seemed like an easier path.</p>

      <p><em>Besides, I’ve got no save or reload. </em>There wouldn’t be any save-scumming here. Well, I’d just have to train as hard as I could.</p>

      <p>Me, a hero... How would this go?</p>

      <p>I thought I heard someone giggling, but maybe it was my imagination.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>