<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Phwah,” exclaimed Sasa as she finally released me. Behind her, Lucy was trembling.</p>

      <p>“How was it?” Sasa asked shyly.</p>

      <p><em>Does she think she can get away with anything because she’s cute?</em></p>

      <p>After a moment, I spoke.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the meal.”</p>

      <p>“One more time then!” cheered Sasa.</p>

      <p>“A-Aya! Stop!” Lucy protested, pulling her off. “You went too far. I only got a peck!”</p>

      <p>“Well, you cut in for it!”</p>

      <p>The pair of them grabbed onto each other and looked like they were about to start scuffling.</p>

      <p>“Hey, guys,” I interjected, trying to head it off. The two of them peered at me with glinting eyes.</p>

      <p>“You idiot, Makoto! You’re so dense!”</p>

      <p>“You moron, Takatsuki! You womanizer!”</p>

      <p>Then, they both ran off, yelling back at me as they went.</p>

      <p>What the hell? <em>It kinda feels like I don’t even have time to feel upset about Leviathan... </em>Were they...trying to cheer me up? Well, the way they did it was...a bit too stimulating.</p>

      <p>The storm had already blown past the southern islands and now there wasn’t a cloud in the sky. The waves were calm, and the water stretched out as far as the eye could see, with pale white sand visible beneath it. The sea was gentle...so gentle that you’d never think a divine beast could lurk under the surface.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll just have to figure out some strategy,</em> I decided.</p>

      <p>The last dungeon. The Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p>Well, that place was certainly difficult enough to earn its name.</p>

      <p>And I still had no idea how to beat it.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>