<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>Phoenix</em> was usually a king rank fire spell, so I changed the composition to water magic instead.</p>

      <p><em>Not bad, Makoto,</em> I heard the goddess say.</p>

      <p>Your praise is an honor. Also, thank you for the hint.</p>

      <p><em>You’re welllcooome.</em></p>

      <p>In moments, the spell was complete. A huge phoenix made of ice appeared in front of us.</p>

      <p><em>That’s so cool!</em></p>

      <p>“Go!” I ordered. “Defeat the blight giant.”</p>

      <p>The ice phoenix screeched shrilly as it attacked.</p>

      <p>“W-Was that...king rank?” Princess Sophia stammered.</p>

      <p>“Yup, thanks to you.” I grinned.</p>

      <p>That’s what having a high skill rank could do for you.</p>

      <p>“R-Right...I see.”</p>

      <p>“It should be over soon, look.” I pointed to where the blight giant was starting to completely freeze over.</p>

      <p><em>All right, let’s finish it here.</em> I still had some of the mana I’d borrowed.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Tundra Gaol!</em>” This spell would capture monsters and drag them toward the magical onslaught.</p>

      <p>Caught in the raging spell, the almost pitiful whimpers of the giant gradually weakened. Eventually, it was frozen into a sculpture...and stuck in a slightly ridiculous pose. With the ice phoenix perched atop the giant’s head, the whole thing made for quite the sight.</p>

      <p>“Is it over?” I heard Princess Sophia whisper.</p>

      <p>“It should stay frozen for a week or so. Do something about it before then.”</p>

      <p>If I’d been in Macallan with all the elementals, I could’ve kept it frozen for a year, but that wouldn’t work in Horn.</p>

      <p>“Very well,” she said after a pause.</p>

      <p>“Phew, I think we’re good.” I sighed. That was tough.</p>

      <p>“U-Um...” mumbled Princess Sophia.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia, thank you for your mana,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re welcome...but, my hand?”</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p><em>Crap! I was still holding on to her.</em></p>

      <p>“Pardon me!” I cried, dropping it immediately.</p>

      <p>She looked as if she almost couldn’t speak for a moment, but then her face turned serious again.</p>

      <p>“Listen well, everyone!” she called out. “The blight giant is defeated. Those who can move, scout for any remaining monsters. Continue evacuating citizens as you go. Adventurers, help as you are able. You will be well rewarded.”</p>

      <p>“Lady Sophia!”</p>

      <p>The first reply came from the former bodyguard.</p>

      <p><em>What, hang on?!</em></p>

      <p>“You’re alive, old-timer?!” I asked. He’d taken a massive blow from that giant. I hadn’t even expected his body to be recognizable.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha. I would have been squashed like a bug if not for my <em>Iron Wall</em> skill...ugh!” Despite his skill, he must’ve pushed himself too far because he ended up dropping to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Come on, don’t strain yourself,” I said. “You should rest.” I rushed over to try and support him, but he waved me off.</p>

      <p>“I am fine. Knights, if you can move, aid the citizens. Several of you need to escort the prince and princess back to the palace!”</p>

      <p>“Sir!” came a unified bellow from his subordinates.</p>

      <p>The knights seemed to have rallied as well. They were all amazing... Though they’d been close to death, they were already moving back to the front lines.</p>

      <p>Well, that organization might be the faintest bit exploitative...</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki,” the princess called from behind me.</p>

      <p>Prince Leonardo was slung over the shoulder of a knight who was standing close to Sophia’s side. Right now, he looked like a young kid, but he was, in fact, a hero.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t help but feel for him a little.</p>

      <p>“I offer you my gratitude...for earlier,” she said. “You will be properly thanked later.”</p>

      <p>“No, it really wasn’t anything big...” The mana was hers, after all.</p>

      <p>Without another word to me, Princess Sophia gave a command. “Let us be on our way.” The princess and knights left for the castle.</p>

      <p>At that, I let out a relieved sigh and glanced at my own companions. Lucy was looking much better. As for Sasa...huh?</p>

      <p>“Urgh...”</p>

      <p>She was pale and shivering! Was this some curse from the blight giant?! Damn it! What was it?!</p>

      <p>“I’m cooold...it’s so cold...Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>“Oh!”</p>

      <p>Damn, lamiae were weak to the cold, and the huge ice phoenix and giant statue were here. Plus, the king rank magic had made it start snowing, effectively cooling the air three <em>more</em> degrees.</p>

      <p>“Sasa, put this on!” I said, draping my jacket over her shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Phew, thank you...Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>She was still shivering though.</p>

      <p>“Aya, are you okay?” Lucy asked as she wobbled over.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve got it!</em></p>

      <p>“Sasa, come over here. You too, Lucy.” I got the two of them close and had Sasa hug Lucy.</p>

      <p>“Hyah!” Lucy cried as Sasa’s freezing arms enveloped her.</p>

      <p>“Ahhh, Lu, you’re so warm...”</p>

      <p>Lucy was startled a bit, but Sasa relaxed.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s going on?!” Lucy exclaimed.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>