<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The divine being didn’t bother to answer my question or offer her identity. “I came to check on the sea because it was more energetic than usual. So, you’re the cause?” She seemed to stare at me for a moment, then spoke, as if realizing something. “Oh, are you Noah’s precious child? The one I’ve heard so much about? Hmm...” <em>She used Noah’s name...</em></p>

      <p>My goddess piped up immediately. “That’s right, so don’t scare him so much.”</p>

      <p>“Noah?” I asked. Her voice wasn’t in my head like normal but was tangible and something I could actually hear.</p>

      <p>“Teach him properly then,” said the divine being. “You <em>know</em> that he’ll cause a disaster if he gathers too many elementals.”</p>

      <p>“All right already. Makoto, you shouldn’t call anymore,” Noah warned. “If you go too far, the island that Lucy and Aya are on will end up sinking.”</p>

      <p>“What?” I’d thought we were far enough away to avoid that danger...but no, this was coming from Noah, so I should believe her. “Got it. I’ll be careful,” I said, responding to both Noah and whoever was in front of me.</p>

      <p>“Good boy.” The mysterious girl giggled. “Well then, see you, Noah.”</p>

      <p>“Bye, Eir.”</p>

      <p>In the blink of an eye, the divine being vanished, and I felt like I’d imagined the last few minutes. The storm came back full force and the rain pattered against my cheeks, gradually cooling me down.</p>

      <p>But, before I got back to my quest, I suddenly registered the name that Noah had used.</p>

      <p>“Eir...?” That was the name of the goddess that held dominion over water in this world. <em>That’s a bit bigger than some </em>angel<em>!</em> I thought frantically to myself. I set <em>Calm Mind</em> to 99% and willed myself to relax.</p>

      <p>It was fine... One of the Sacred Deities had found me, but she’d let me go.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t worry, Makoto, </em>Noah reassured me.<em> It’s one of the rules of heaven—goddesses can’t directly interfere with mortals.</em></p>

      <p>Oh. I get it.</p>

      <p><em>Elemental magic will cause environmental disasters, though. If you go too far, you’ll attract divine attention...like you just did.</em></p>

      <p>I’d...need to be more careful about overdoing elemental magic.</p>

      <p>“Elementals,” I called softly.</p>

      <p>They’d vanished in fear at the water goddess’s arrival, so I called them forth again. A blue glow rose around me.</p>

      <p><em>Right then, let’s go. </em>I’d gotten my wits back and was ready to proceed.</p>

      <p>Without hesitation, I leaped into a huge whirlpool.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The water beneath the roiling waves was pitch-black, but I carried on through it. While this area was teeming with huge monsters, there weren’t many aggressive ones.</p>

      <p><em>Let’s cut through!</em></p>

      <p>This time, I was going to make a beeline straight for the depths, carrying with me all the elementals I could manage. They schooled around me like a shoal of mackerel and formed an orb-shaped shield that protected me from the monsters. The mana from thousands, maybe tens of thousands, of elementals was apparently a threat to the underwater beasts—none of them bothered to attack.</p>

      <p><em>Was...this the right call?</em> I wondered. I honestly wasn’t sure... It felt a touch too violent.</p>

      <p>By now, I could see a glimmer of light further down, and it was getting gradually brighter. Before me once again was Deep Scar, a massive rift that sliced across the ocean floor. Strong monsters lived within its depths. At first, I’d thought that there must be a less-dangerous path to the Seafloor Temple, one with fewer enemies. However, I’d spent every day so far looking for it without any success. I guess this wasn’t exactly a normal dungeon, but a <em>last</em> dungeon, one where humans had yet to step even a single foot.</p>

      <p>There was never going to be a simple route.</p>

      <p>The opening of the trench was getting closer, and I could see the monsters inside it as well. Each and every one of them was calamity level. Normally, I’d turn tail and run right about now, but I had the elementals with me this time. While lots of the fierce beasts made threat displays in my direction, many of them also fled from the power surrounding me.</p>

      <p>And so, I dove headlong into the trench.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>It’s going well,</em> I thought to myself after a while.</p>

      <p>I’d just come across some sea dragons, monsters that I’d usually be doing my best to sneak past. However, they’d fled when faced with the mana of the elementals all around me.</p>

      <p>There was magicite lining the walls of the trench, and it glowed brighter as I passed, reacting to the swirling mana. It was as if a path had been lit up just for me.</p>

      <p>Not everything was going to go perfectly, though.</p>

      <p>One particularly large sea dragon stared irritatedly in my direction. Judging by its size...it was probably an ancient dragon.</p>

      <p><em>Crap, it’s attacking!</em></p>

      <p>Dragons that lived for longer than a millennium were called “ancient dragons.” They were prideful creatures and had no patience for anyone who trespassed upon their territory.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Yamata no Orochi. </em>When faced with the massive eight-headed serpent I’d conjured, the ancient dragon turned and left in anger.</p>

      <p>That paved the way for a new strategy—every time a monster came nearby, I drove it off with magic. I didn’t outright <em>beat</em> them; I just needed them to flee from me.</p>

      <p>I went deeper and deeper, progressing ever further, and thinking only of one thing: Noah was waiting for me in the Seafloor Temple!</p>

      <p>After swimming a while longer, a wall loomed up from the darkness in front of me.</p>

      <p><em>A dead-end...?</em></p>

      <p>I stopped, staring at the huge wall that had appeared within Deep Scar.</p>

      <p><em>Wait...it’s not a wall... It’s moving!</em></p>

      <p>The width of the trench had gradually narrowed as I’d gone down, but even so, the opening was still easily more than a hundred meters across. And this creature was large enough to block up the entire space.</p>

      <p>The beast was a kraken—an enormous mollusk that was known as the “terror of the seas.” They were usually rare sights but would sometimes appear above the waves and swallow ships whole. Even sea dragons were said to avoid them.</p>

      <p><em>Normally, I’d run away...</em></p>

      <p>As I peered around more carefully, I could actually see several of them. Was this their nest...?</p>

      <p>Suddenly, my <em>RPG Player</em> skill showed an option.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you cross the nest of the krakens, terrors of the seas?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I didn’t hesitate. Besides, I wasn’t here to defeat them or anything. My goal was to reach the Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll push through! </em>I activated my <em>Flee</em> skill to ensure that no kraken would grab hold of my legs, and then sunk even farther down into Deep Scar.</p>

      <p>The trench itself kept narrowing. As it did, there seemed to be more and more magicite clinging to the walls. At this point, pretty much the whole area was reacting to the mana and shining brightly.</p>

      <p><em>If I chipped a piece of it off to take home, would I be able to sell it and live out the rest of my life just playing around?</em></p>

      <p>Then, a massive amount of mana rolled past me. I had no idea what was producing that much power. There were rumors of ley lines that could produce infinite mana...so maybe down here...?</p>

      <p>Suddenly, one of the kraken’s tentacles whipped toward me with a rumble.</p>

      <p><em>Barely missed! That was close! </em>One of them was still chasing me.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Yamata no Orochi. </em>The king rank spell hit the kraken dead-on. That magic had been at least somewhat effective against a blight dragon, but...</p>

      <p><em>Not against a kraken.</em></p>

      <p>The monster’s tentacles effortlessly wound around the water serpent I’d created, and my <em>Yamata no Orochi</em> was crushed.</p>

      <p>I realized then that if the path down the trench got too narrow, I’d find my way back blocked off by the kraken. <em>Should I turn back before I get cornered...?</em></p>

      <p>Just as I was considering that, I swam out into an open space. It seemed to be a wide, cavernous area within the trench. And, for a moment, it felt like I was swimming through boiling water.</p>

      <p><em>A barrier?</em></p>

      <p>The huge space before me was covered with a barrier...but I’d just gone straight through it. Was it to block out the monsters?</p>

      <p>That hope was immediately dashed as the kraken followed me through. Guess the barrier’s not for blocking out beasts... So what <em>was</em> it for?</p>

      <p><em>This kraken’s damn annoying! </em>It still hadn’t given up on catching me and was stretching its tentacles toward me again.</p>

      <p><em>Fine, I’ll go on the offensive then,</em> I decided. I shifted to speak with the elementals.</p>

      <p><em>What...?</em></p>

      <p>I was in shock—there wasn’t a single water elemental surrounding me. Where’d they go?!</p>

      <p>Was that barrier set up to block <em>elementals</em>?!</p>

      <p>I had no time to think as the kraken started attacking me. Time to get away! I used <em>Flee</em> to put some distance between us, but the huge monster was already coming for me again. <em>Crap!</em> I thought, dodging a blow from the tentacles.</p>

      <p>But seconds later, there was a <em>swish</em>...and a spear of ice pierced right through the kraken.</p>

      <p><em>What?</em></p>

      <p>The monster had been skewered... I couldn’t follow what’d happened. That kraken was easily over a hundred meters long, and an ice spear large enough to stab clean through its body had just...appeared! Out of nowhere!</p>

      <p>As I processed the first icicle strike, several more thudded into and through the monster’s body. The kraken slowly faded into the depths as it sank toward the seafloor.</p>

      <p><em>Magic...? Who cast it, though?</em></p>

      <p>I peered around the strange environment once more. This open space within Deep Scar was huge—large enough that Roses’s capital city could fit inside it several times over. The walls glimmered with magicite. At the base of the cavern, I could see a circular ridge of what looked like underwater mountains.</p>

      <p>Not a single soul was here with me... There was no one who could’ve cast that spell. The only things moving were me, and the corpse of the slowly sinking kraken...</p>

      <p>But then, there was an earthquake. That’s what it felt like at least... If the earth shudders, it’s an earthquake, right? This wasn’t really that, though. The ground was simply moving.</p>

      <p>More precisely, the mountains beneath me were stirring. I soon realized that there wasn’t a mountain range down there. It was one huge creature. I’m not sure if “creature” is even an appropriate term.</p>

      <p>It was the divine beast, Leviathan.</p>

      <p>According to legend, this monster had the strength to destroy the world. The beast, divine or otherwise, had also learned magic at some point. It was as big as a mountain range, and it shifted, opening a mouth that was large enough to swallow the entirety of Roses Castle. It engulfed and consumed the kraken whole. The currents produced by its open mouth knocked me away.</p>

      <p><em>That’s...a divine beast.</em> The pinnacle of all sea creatures.</p>

      <p>I watched it. At a glance, it had looked like a mountainous landscape, but seeing it move was a nightmare. The real nightmare, though, was something I’d only just noticed.</p>

      <p>On the back of this divine beast was something that looked like a small temple.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>