<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>Uhhh...what?</em></p>

      <p>That’s right... In the abyssal depths of Deep Scar was a temple. I’d been aiming for this place the whole time, and it was supposedly on the seafloor.</p>

      <p>But...I’d never expected that it would be on Leviathan’s back.</p>

      <p>“Is this...for real, Noah?” I said, sending a prayer her way without even thinking about it.</p>

      <p><em>I thought that telling you might scare you off, so I didn’t mention it...but yes. You’re currently looking at the Seafloor Temple. </em>Her voice echoed in my mind ethereally.</p>

      <p>The Seafloor Temple...was on Leviathan’s back...</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, I get that you’re shocked, but it’s looking at you.</em></p>

      <p>I whipped around and saw that its eyes were slit open and peering my way. Even with <em>Calm Mind</em> at 99%, it felt like my heart was being crushed with fear.</p>

      <p><em>I-I need to run!</em></p>

      <p>Leviathan had seen the enormous kraken as nothing more than food... This thing was so far beyond my level, that fighting it wasn’t even worth considering.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the beast roared. The sound wave made the water swirl, knocking me back toward the wall of the trench. Was it rampaging in the abyss?</p>

      <p>I could sense that the other monsters were afraid, terrified of the king of the ocean’s wrath.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, it was just yawning, </em>said Noah.</p>

      <p>But regardless, I was tired of being shocked and thrown off-kilter. Plus, I no longer had any water elementals with me.</p>

      <p>I didn’t fight against the currents dragging me away but just used my magic to swim furiously toward the surface. Thankfully, the krakens and sea dragons had been afraid of Leviathan’s yawn and had hidden.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Before I knew it, I was on the beach. The awful weather had broken up. My body felt immensely heavy, and I didn’t know whether it was from physical or mental exhaustion.</p>

      <p><em>Leviathan. What the hell am I supposed to do about that?!</em></p>

      <p>It was a legendary creature...like a living mountain range! This wasn’t something that could be defeated.</p>

      <p>I looked dazedly up at the sky, but suddenly, a shadow fell over me.</p>

      <p>“Makoto? You took your time.” It was Lucy, peering over me as I lay on the sand. “Princess Sophia and Aya were worried when you didn’t come back.” She was standing right above my head. From this position, I could see her underwear. They were red today.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, I can see your panties.”</p>

      <p>“Idiot,” she retorted before sitting next to me. I pulled myself upright to sit beside her. We stayed side by side in silence for a while, staring out toward the sea.</p>

      <p>“So, what was the Seafloor Temple like?” she asked eventually. My memories shot back to life.</p>

      <p>There were monsters down there bigger than anything in Labyrinthos. Among them were the terrors of the seas, the krakens. And then, on a whole other level, was the divine beast Leviathan, who saw the krakens as nothing more than tasty snacks.</p>

      <p>That last detail in particular made my heart stop.</p>

      <p>After a long pause, I answered. “Terrifying.”</p>

      <p>It was impossible to make it to the temple...just not something I could do. I’d almost died.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, right.”</p>

      <p>Her bored response put me on edge. “You don’t really seem to care,” I pouted.</p>

      <p>But a second later, her arms were around my neck. She held tightly to me. “I’m so glad you’re safe!”</p>

      <p>“L-Lucy?”</p>

      <p>“Did you think I wasn’t worried?” she demanded with a glare. I’d pissed her off... I could tell by her voice. “You were being reckless! And you wouldn’t listen to anyone trying to stop you,” she chastised. Her speech was similar to the one that Noah had given me. “I can’t help now, but take me with you next time! Got it?!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...you’re right.” Lucy was the first comrade I’d found in this world. She’d asked about my goal back in Macallan and had been scared when she’d heard me say “the Seafloor Temple.”</p>

      <p>Yet, I’d tried it alone. Gone in alone. And was now moping...alone.</p>

      <p>“We’ll go together next time,” I agreed.</p>

      <p>“Hmph, it’s a promise,” she replied with a smile. Her grin lifted my mood a bit.</p>

      <p>“Oh, right. Look over here,” she said, putting her index finger in front of my eyes.</p>

      <p>“Hm?” I wondered, turning to look.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Then...</p>

      <p>I got kissed.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>It felt like there was a red light sparkling at the edge of my vision, but I couldn’t spare the brainpower to check.</p>

      <p>“L-Lucy?” I stammered.</p>

      <p>“Got you,” she said cheekily. “Now cheer up already!”</p>

      <p>I was going to shout, but the second I saw her smile, I couldn’t complain. Well, I didn’t exactly have any <em>complaints</em>. That had been my first kiss though, okay?</p>

      <p>“Ahhh, Lu! No fair!”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Mmph.”</p>

      <p>Sasa grabbed onto me and pressed me down, our lips locking the whole way.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“A-Aya?!” I heard Lucy say, panicked.</p>

      <p>“Mmmmhh!” Sasa put the full weight of her small body on top of me, not once breaking the contact of the kiss. Her tongue made its way past my lips and started caressing the inside of my mouth.</p>

      <p>About ten seconds passed as we were suspended in the middle of a deep kiss.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>