<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: Makoto Takatsuki Returns to Macallan</h1>

      <p>We’d returned to the city of water, Macallan.</p>

      <p>“So this is where you live! It’s so pretty!” Sasa cheered, looking around curiously.</p>

      <p>“I’ll give you the tour later,” I told her. “Let’s head to the guild for now.”</p>

      <p>“Wow! So many canals! This is great,” she cried out, running off.</p>

      <p>“Ayaaa, you’ll hit someone if you take off like that,” Lucy warned, and within seconds, it seemed like that was about to happen. Just before it did, though, Sasa dodged to the side and avoided it. And again. And again. And then again. She had pretty impressive reflexes.</p>

      <p>“She’s like a kid,” Lucy commented.</p>

      <p>“Well, she spent all that time in Labyrinthos,” I replied.</p>

      <p>She was really going all-out with her excitement. Lucy and I watched her with smiles on our faces.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!”</p>

      <p>She must have noticed our grins.</p>

      <p>“I got a bit carried away.” She giggled and scratched her head as she walked back to us. <em>Cute.</em> She’d calmed down now, though, so we headed for the guild.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Aya Sasaki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Makoto?!” The shout came from a blonde bombshell who immediately grabbed onto Takatsuki.</p>

      <p><em>Whaaaaat?!</em></p>

      <p>“Are you okay?” asked the woman. “You didn’t get hurt, did you?”</p>

      <p>“I’m fine, Mary,” he answered.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-Who’s this? His girlfriend? There’s someone other than Lu?</em></p>

      <p>“Lu...” I started, “who’s that?”</p>

      <p>“That’s Mary, a receptionist for the guild. She’s always putting the moves on Makoto,” she told me with a pout.</p>

      <p>“R-Right, I see.”</p>

      <p><em>Hmmm... Takatsuki’s pretty popular here...</em></p>

      <p>“Oh? And who’s this cutie?” the receptionist asked, glancing over toward me.</p>

      <p>“I’m Aya Sasaki! Nice to meet you.”</p>

      <p>“I’m Mary Gold—nice to meet you too. Are you going to be registering as an adventurer here?” She moved away from Takatsuki and switched to a businesslike persona, the very image of composed beauty.</p>

      <p>“Mary, Sasa already registered in Labyrinth Town. She’s in our party, so we came to report that.”</p>

      <p>“You did? Then I’ll make a note of it. Could you show me your adventurer card?”</p>

      <p>“Here,” I said, handing over the card that Fujiwara had made for me.</p>

      <p>“Aya Sasaki. Oh my, you’re from the same world as Makoto. No achievements yet as an adventurer, so that makes you stone rank. There seems to be nothing else that’s an issu—wait, what?”</p>

      <p>Her eyes widened.</p>

      <p><em>Crap! Did she figure out that I’m a lamia?</em> I was worried, but apparently for nothing. She was just staring at the stats on my card.</p>

      <p>Makoto caught sight of what was going on and sidled up to Mary with a smile, cool as a cucumber.</p>

      <p>“Sasa’s got some crazy stats, doesn’t she?”</p>

      <p>“They’re easily higher than those of gold rank adventurers,” Mary answered with a whisper. “If she didn’t already have a party, there’d be at least twenty of them trying to recruit her.” She and Takatsuki were standing a bit <em>too</em> close to each other, murmuring into each other’s ears.</p>

      <p>“More im-por-tant-ly!” she enunciated, grabbing onto his shoulder and pulling him in. “You <em>did</em> bring a girl back from Labyrinthos, you liar!”</p>

      <p>“It just happened...”</p>

      <p>“And I was so worried! You’re not getting any sleep tonight! You’re coming here, got it?!” she demanded, gripping him in a headlock. His face was smooshed right into her chest... <em>Hmph, what a womanizer!</em></p>

      <p>“Lucy! You’re back!” I heard from across the room.</p>

      <p>“Emily! It’s been too long!” she called back.</p>

      <p>I turned around and saw a girl with brown hair and loose clothes running over to Lu.</p>

      <p>“You should’ve told me you were back,” the girl protested. “I was worried!”</p>

      <p>“We only just got here, so I was planning to get in touch. You’re not out today?”</p>

      <p>“I’m helping at the church right now. There have been so many injuries from monsters lately...” said the girl. “But anyway, if you’ve got the time, tell me about Labyrinthos!”</p>

      <p>“Sure, I’ll fill you in on what I got up to!”</p>

      <p>“I bet you just caused hassle for Makoto, right?”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t!” argued Lu. “Just wait ’til you hear about my new Meteo Rain spell!”</p>

      <p>The pair of them got more and more excited. Once I’d been introduced, I learned that Emily was some kind of cleric and also that she’d had adventuring experience with Lu and Takatsuki.</p>

      <p>Lu ended up racing off with her somewhere.</p>

      <p>Once Takatsuki had finished registering us with the guild, he came over to me and said, “Okay then, Sasa, I’ll show you ’round town.”</p>

      <p>“S-Sure!”</p>

      <p><em>I’m alone with Takatsuki! On our first proper date in Macallan!</em></p>

      <p>I grabbed onto his arm in excitement as he started describing different locations around town.</p>

      <p>“This is the main road—it’s the busiest bit of Macallan.”</p>

      <p>“They have great desserts this way, so let’s drop by later.”</p>

      <p>“The next street over’s where all the food and drink places are. It’s pretty quiet now but gets busy at night.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe we should drop by Fujiyan’s place later.”</p>

      <p>“Down there... Well, let’s just say they’re nighttime shops.”</p>

      <p>Those were Takatsuki’s comments as he showed me around. There were a lot of fancy-looking brick buildings. Macallan was crisscrossed with canals, and boats were floating atop the water, so it was really atmospheric.</p>

      <p>“Can we ride those?” I asked, pointing at one of the boats.</p>

      <p>“If we pay, sure. It’s quicker to use my magic, though.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, right, he’s got some kind of spell for moving over the water.</em></p>

      <p>“What’s that big building, then?” I asked, pointing at a stone-built structure.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s the hot spring. There’s a source for it nearby.”</p>

      <p>“Oh!” I exclaimed. “This town’s so pretty, and it even has a hot spring! This is great.”</p>

      <p>“Hot spring inns are apparently one of Macallan’s main industries. Not that I’ve ever gone though.”</p>

      <p>He added something about not indulging himself, followed by a sarcastic laugh. Takatsuki was as easygoing as ever. And he seemed completely the same, but...</p>

      <p><em>Is he a bit sad, maybe?</em></p>

      <p>It was like that time he’d preordered the sequel to an RPG he really liked...but the sequel had ended up being a cheap racing game instead. Though, he’d actually enjoyed the game a fair amount once he gave it a chance.</p>

      <p><em>Did something happen?</em> He’d been my friend since junior high, and I owed him my life. Also, he was the person I had the strongest feelings for, so if he had worries, I wanted to hear them.</p>

      <p>I mustered my courage and asked, “Hey, should we check out those hot springs, seeing as we’re here?”</p>

      <p>Takatsuki gave a hum and then smiled lightly. “Sure, if you want to.”</p>

      <p>“It says there’s a mixed bath!” After all, he’d already seen me naked, so that was fine, right?</p>

      <p>“Wha?” Despite that, he now looked like a chihuahua that’d had the rug pulled from underneath it.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p><em>Uh? What? How’d this happen?</em></p>

      <p>“Ah, this is so nice,” Sasa said, soaking next to me. Her expression soon evened out.</p>

      <p>There also wasn’t a stitch of cloth on her body.</p>

      <p>Actually, that wasn’t entirely true—she had a towel wrapped around her. Just nothing on her lower half.</p>

      <p>It was a sight I’d seen a fair few times lately. However! That didn’t mean I was used to it...</p>

      <p><em>Calm down. Come on,</em> Calm Mind<em>, help me out here!</em></p>

      <p>I glanced around the area again. Though the sign had said there was a mixed bath, this was sort of a family thing. We’d reserved a small open-air bath. It’d cost a pretty penny, but the funds from defeating the minotaur and the harpy queen meant I now had a little slack in my budget.</p>

      <p>Plus, I wanted to grant Sasa’s requests to the best of my ability.</p>

      <p>“It’s so refreeeshing.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yeah... You’re right.”</p>

      <p>Sasa stretched with a sigh, and the movement made it look like her towel was going to come undone... That was fine, but I had to keep calm so that my thoughts weren’t obvious.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>