<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 8: Makoto Takatsuki Challenges the Seafloor Temple</h1>

      <p>Tomorrow, we would be leaving the Habhain Islands and traveling to Highland...which meant that today was my final chance to attempt the Seafloor Temple. However, there was something different about my strategy this time.</p>

      <p>“The weather’s awful, Lu,” Sasa grumbled. She seemed bored and was splayed out on the bed, kicking her legs in the air.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, this is our last day! It’s not fair,” Lucy whined. She was also on the bed, though she was tending to her staff.</p>

      <p>The rain outside was torrential. It wasn’t just drizzling—the weather was honestly bad enough to be considered a storm. Maybe a tropical cyclone or a typhoon was bearing down on us. I looked out at the scenery, gazing past the raindrops striking the window.</p>

      <p>“We are leaving for Highland tomorrow, so let’s get packed today’h,” Nina suggested. She’d been here on and off when she’d had breaks from working for the Fujiwara Trading Company.</p>

      <p>Fujiyan had also come along with her today. “Make sure you do not forget anything. If there are any items you need, then I shall prepare them...” He trailed off as he noticed what I was doing. “My esteemed Tackie? Where are you going?”</p>

      <p>“Just, you know, around,” I answered vaguely. That was enough information for him to infer my true intentions.</p>

      <p>“Take care.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Fujiyan.”</p>

      <p>I was wearing the same gear I’d worn back in Macallan, and the only weapon I carried was Noah’s dagger. In a change from my previous attempts, I was pretty lightly equipped. I had a feeling that I’d been pointlessly weighing myself down with all those extra supplies.</p>

      <p>Time to go back to basics. It reminded me of being in the Great Forest, facing off against goblins with my dagger.</p>

      <p>As soon as I left our lodging, I was buffeted by the storm. The rain sprayed against my whole body, drenching me and making me feel like I’d stepped under a shower. Trees in the courtyard were bending like bows, and every flower petal had been blown back.</p>

      <p>I heard an amplified voice in the distance—it stated that today would be the last day of our trip and advised everyone to wait inside.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto...? Are you going somewhere?” I turned to see that Princess Sophia had walked outside to address me. That was a shame since the rain was now soaking through her gown.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Flow,</em>” I incanted, using magic to stop the drops from hitting her. I also dried her dress.</p>

      <p>“Th-Thank you,” she answered, bewildered.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to the Seafloor Temple,” I told her.</p>

      <p>She looked at me like I was crazy. “In this weather?!” she exclaimed. “We’re in the middle of a storm!”</p>

      <p>“Makoto! It’s dangerous to go out when it’s like this,” Lucy protested.</p>

      <p>“She’s right,” Sasa added. “When we were in school, they taught us not to go outside during a typhoon.”</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Are you leaving right now?!” Prince Leonardo asked in shock.</p>

      <p>Everyone was right—I’d normally never go out in a storm like this. The temple and guild had both given similar advice on that topic. I’d also learned that every contingency should be taken into account when adventuring. Your condition, your equipment and tools, and the environment should all be as ideal as possible before you embark on a quest. That was the norm for adventurers in this world. Though, of course, risk was part of adventuring, and it was difficult to plan for everything.</p>

      <p>By all of that logic, it was a mistake to go out in this storm.</p>

      <p><em>But...</em></p>

      <p>“Leaving now is actually the right choice,” I told them as I looked toward the edge of the pelting rain. “It’ll give me the best shot at making it to the temple.” I saw blue lights sparkling all around us, which indicated the presence of water elementals. In fact, there were more of them than I’d ever seen in one place.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...?”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa were looking at me in concern. The two royals wore similar expressions. But since I was the only one who could see the elementals, explaining things wouldn’t help any of them understand.</p>

      <p>“Elementals,” I called softly, placing my right hand in front of me, palm up.</p>

      <p>Huge amounts of mana swirled toward me.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?” Lucy was the first to react since she was a mage. Next was Princess Sophia, and she shuddered slightly at the sensation of the flooding mana.</p>

      <p>The amount of mana whirling around me was massive, easily dozens of times the amount I’d used against the blight monsters.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto?” Prince Leonardo asked, but he faltered as the wave of mana overwhelmed him.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Water Phoenix.</em>” I cast the king rank spell without an incantation and created an enormous phoenix made of water.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto, that’s a king rank...” Lucy murmured, her eyes wide.</p>

      <p>I smiled at her as I climbed on top of my phoenix. “With so many water elementals around the islands, I can use as many king rank spells as I like.” There were more of them than ever—this was the right time and the right place to try and achieve my goal. My chance at conquering the Seafloor Temple had finally arrived, along with the final day of our vacation.</p>

      <p>Lucy, Princess Sophia, and Prince Leonardo were all dumbstruck. On the other hand...</p>

      <p>“Wahhh, that’s amazing,” Sasa said openly. She was the only one of them that wasn’t a mage.</p>

      <p>I gave farewell with a quick, “See you later, then,” and this time, no one stopped me.</p>

      <p>“Later, Takatsuki,” Sasa called, waving. As she did, my phoenix and I set out for the Seafloor Temple.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>As I left the magical barrier that surrounded the island, the storm grew even stronger. The rain posed no issue for me, and I thought of it as a firm ally. The water phoenix also blocked out the driving wind.</p>

      <p>In moments, I was flying high above Deep Scar. The sea’s surface was rougher than usual, and huge whirlpools swirled among the waves. The water elementals were all frolicking about energetically. It made sense, I reasoned, that they were causing the ocean to become more turbulent.</p>

      <p>So...how should I proceed down to Deep Scar? Until now, I’d used <em>Stealth</em> to swim there peacefully. However, that only seemed to work on the fringes—there were strong monsters within the trench that could find me despite using <em>Stealth</em>. I certainly couldn’t treat this quest the same as ones in the Great Forest.</p>

      <p><em>Should I try forcing my way through? </em>That wasn’t a method I’d tried before, and it went against my usual policy of being careful with encounters. But...there were more water elementals here than I could even count. And if I called out to them, even more would flood the area. In these circumstances, fighting through the monsters was worth a try.</p>

      <p>“Heeeyyy, elementals!” I yelled out across the deserted tempest. “Let’s play!”</p>

      <p>Their interest immediately shifted toward me. Waves the size of buildings rose above the sea, and sheets of rain drove sideways into them. A boat would have capsized in moments, downed forever to sleep with the fish.</p>

      <p>If I hadn’t been a water mage, this environment would’ve been a hellish sight. The elementals, though, were whirring around in enjoyment.</p>

      <p>“Come on, elementals! Let’s play even more!”</p>

      <p>They answered my cry.</p>

      <p><em>This...might work. </em>I kept greedily gathering mana. More, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more, more...</p>

      <p><em>Uh, Makoto, </em>I heard Noah say, <em>that might be a bad idea...</em></p>

      <p>Just as I was about to ask why, a chill ran down my spine.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Hey, you there? I think that’s quite enough.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The deluge halted. It didn’t exactly <em>stop</em> raining—the actual drops were still there, but they hung motionless and quiet in the air. Water, wind, and waves, the whole storm... Everything had stopped.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, that’s pretty impressive. Who taught you elemental magic?” asked a beautiful voice. It rang out so clear that the voice seemed to not even be of this world.</p>

      <p>I shuddered. The idea of turning around to look at the speaker frightened me, but I didn’t have a choice—something I couldn’t see rotated my body.</p>

      <p>Then, I saw. A bright light shone into my eyes, so I couldn’t really tell what the figure looked like.</p>

      <p>“Oh...so you looked after all. Maybe you don’t know fear.” The voice laughed.</p>

      <p>“U-Uh, who are you?” I asked, even though I knew. The woman in front of me was no human. Several wings of light stretched out behind her, and she looked like the angels we’d learned about in the Water Temple.</p>

      <p>They were known as guardians of the lands, and they appeared from time to time, though the number of sightings had markedly diminished as the years wore on. They were only supposed to have one set of wings, though. The being in front of me had far more than that.</p>

      <p>There was a sensation of pressure on my soul. It felt like I was up against an enormous wall. Fear and unease clouded my mind as if I were being left behind in the dark. It...felt just like when I’d first met Noah.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>