<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Makoto Takatsuki Makes a Choice</h1>

      <p>There were two types of heroes in this world.</p>

      <p>First, there were heroes created by the goddesses. Sakurai, the Hero of Light, and Prince Leonardo, the Hero of Ice and Snow, were among this group and had been blessed with hero skills by the goddesses.</p>

      <p>Second, there were heroes chosen by a country. These were called State-Authorized Heroes. They were often adventurers with great skills or knights that served the country. For example, the winner of the yearly combat competition in Great Keith always became their hero.</p>

      <p>Countries sanctioned heroes so that they could keep strong people affiliated with the nation. Roses currently had <em>no</em> State-Authorized Heroes.</p>

      <p><em>I never really thought it would have anything to do with me...</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>Hearing my name called me back to my senses. <em>Damn, the shock had me lost in thought for a minute...</em></p>

      <p>“Y-You want me to be a hero?” I stammered. “But...”</p>

      <p>This was something I’d never expected. I’d thought that I might gain some monetary reward, or maybe a title... But heroes were more than just titles—they were symbols of their country’s peace and were not permitted to lose or falter. The responsibility of a hero...was a heavy one.</p>

      <p>“You are not required to accept,” stated Princess Sophia.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, I wasn’t? It’d definitely felt that way.</em></p>

      <p>In which case, if I refused...</p>

      <p>“But,” she continued, “should you become a hero, Roses will shoulder the charges for your bed and board, as well as your equipment.”</p>

      <p><em>S-Seriously?! Whoa! It’s like being a diplomat!</em></p>

      <p>“You will also receive a stipend of ten million gald each year.”</p>

      <p><em>It came with a salary?! Things were getting more concerning.</em></p>

      <p>What was a state hero expected to do?</p>

      <p>“As a rule, heroes participate in countermeasures against the Great Demon Lord. Our nation’s current proposal is called the Northern Front Plan. At present, there are no pressing requirements for you.”</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Really?</em> That felt a bit too good to be true. This whole “Northern Front Plan” was weighing on me as well.</p>

      <p>“Roses’s State-Authorized Hero would normally live within Horn, but since you seem fond of Macallan, we would have no issue with you remaining there. However, there is also a facility for your lodging within the palace.”</p>

      <p>It seemed like she’d thought of everything...</p>

      <p>But...I was a disciple of the Wicked Deity Noah. If I became Roses’s hero, I’d have to convert to following their goddess...</p>

      <p>Right, can’t do that. I’d have to refuse.</p>

      <p>But then, I heard Noah’s voice in my mind. <em>Makoto,</em> <em>you can accept. I’ll discuss things with Eir.</em></p>

      <p>Wait... She could do that? I thought the Sacred Deities were her enemies.</p>

      <p><em>Just leave it to me. Eir’s a good girl—she listens. You won’t need to convert.</em></p>

      <p>I supposed that was the relationship between the divinities? I wasn’t entirely sure, though.</p>

      <p>Still...now I had Noah’s permission.</p>

      <p>I looked behind me at Lucy and Sasa. Lucy seemed emotional, and her eyes were watering, while Sasa was smiling the same way she always did. Their reactions didn’t really help. As for my other friends, Nina and Chris were both wearing expressions of shock. However, Fujiyan looked conflicted.</p>

      <p><em>Is he against it?</em></p>

      <p>Fujiyan shook his head at me. Guess he’d read my mind and responded to my mental question. That meant he was fine with me accepting, right? Still...there must be something concerning him.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki...an immediate decision is not required here. You may take time to consider our proposition in more depth.”</p>

      <p><em>Too kind!</em> But what should I do now? Because, well, my options weren’t great...</p>

      <p>I could tell her,<em> </em>“<em>I’ll consider it back at the inn</em>,”<em> </em>and then, several days later, come back and say, “<em>I thought it over, but I’ll pass</em>.”</p>

      <p>Yeah, that wasn’t going to happen. It’d be too rude. If I was going to turn her down, it had to be now. In other words, I needed to make up my mind right here.</p>

      <p>Just then, <em>RPG Player</em> activated.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you become the Hero of Roses?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The option appeared on the selection screen, and seeing it caused some hazy memories and feelings to bubble up within my mind.</p>

      <p>There was a game that I’d loved as a kid, a remake of a famous RPG. The protagonist was a hero. This hero was given a pittance of money and a torch from the king and was then sent on his way, lacking any companions.</p>

      <p>He was alone as he fought monsters and raised his level. He stood against dragons, rescued a princess, defeated the demon lord, and saved the world. He was so cool.</p>

      <p>As a kid, I’d wanted to be a hero.</p>

      <p>But now, I was a high schooler, so those childish dreams were behind me.</p>

      <p><em>Actually... Maybe I’m wrong.</em></p>

      <p>At the beginning of our time in this world, I’d been jealous of Sakurai and my other classmates. They had strong stats and skills, and I’d wanted the same. Bigwigs from different counties had scouted my classmates, and I’d watched them leave one after another. I hadn’t been able to sleep because of my envy, so I’d sometimes stayed up all night practicing my magic. Throughout that time, I’d suffered, focusing on my training at the Water Temple.</p>

      <p><em>It wasn’t that far back...but it almost feels like another lifetime ago.</em></p>

      <p>But now, a beautiful princess was standing before me. The same person that had refused to offer me a blessing back then.</p>

      <p>And now, she wanted me to be a hero.</p>

      <p>I’d be fully supported, and Roses would cheerily give me money and equipment. On top of that, I had reliable comrades and even a goddess that would give me advice if I got stuck.</p>

      <p>I was currently in a far better position than that hero from the RPG.</p>

      <p><em>Guess this world’s not a shovelware title...?</em></p>

      <p><em>Hang on. I’m the focus of all this, but I’m not exactly strong, am I?</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t want any presumptions made about my abilities—as a mage apprentice, I could only use beginner-level magic. The protagonist from the game had the hero’s bloodline, after all. That’s why he was strong enough to defeat the demon lord on his own.</p>

      <p>I...wasn’t.</p>

      <p>But, still... I had the opportunity to become a hero. Could I live with myself if I turned down the chance?</p>

      <p>No. I couldn’t. All my thoughts seemed jumbled like my mind wasn’t working.</p>

      <p>Luckily, I had a rule for times like these.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, what is it?” she asked, a nervous look on her face.</p>

      <p>When we’d first met, I hadn’t been able to deal with her, but she seemed completely different now.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you become Roses’s Hero?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶Yes</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>As for my rule... When I didn’t know which choice to make, I always went for the hardest difficulty.</p>

      <p>“I will gladly accept the title of hero,” I declared.</p>

      <p><em>After all, I’ll get much better loot this way, right?</em></p>

      <p>Princess Sophia took a sharp intake of breath before smiling slightly. “I see. Then, from this day forth, you will be the Hero of Roses.”</p>

      <p>More than anything else, I felt that the hardest option was always more fun. This was my conviction, and I usually stood by it.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto,” Princess Sophia called, giving me confirmation of my official title. Hearing it said like that made me feel kinda fidgety. It was embarrassing.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Princess Sophia?”</p>

      <p>“I have something else to discuss with you. Would you come to my room later?”</p>

      <p>“R-Right, got it.”</p>

      <p>What was it? Some lecture about what it meant to be a hero? That seemed likely...<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Makoto, this is amazing!” Lucy exclaimed. “You’re a hero now!”</p>

      <p>“I mean, I’m just being paid for it, you know?”</p>

      <p>“It’s incredible! This is the best day we could ask for,” Chris added.</p>

      <p>I supposed I hadn’t realized until now just how important heroes were in this world.</p>

      <p>“Good job, Takatsuki!” Sasa cheered. <em>Yeah...I’m not sure she really gets it.</em></p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie... If I may ask, what happened with Princess Sophia?”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>That was a strange question from Fujiyan.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean, what happened?” I pressed.</p>

      <p>“Well, Her Highness seems to have changed her tune rather significantly...” Fujiyan said.</p>

      <p>Changed her tune? How? I guess she did seem a bit softer.</p>

      <p>Nina’s sharp ears caught on to what Fujiyan was telling me. “Mister Takatsuki, Princess Sophia summoned you, didn’t she’h? You need to make sure you’re not careless this time’h...”</p>

      <p>“Nina, what do you mean by, ‘this time?’” Chris asked.</p>

      <p>“He fought with her in Labyrinthos.”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p><em>Come on, Nina, I won’t do that again. I’ve grown up.</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, a yell came from behind us. “Hero! My congratulations on your appointment!”</p>

      <p>I turned around and saw the former bodyguard. “Old-timer! Glad to see you’re doing well.”</p>

      <p>“Sir! You honor me!”</p>

      <p>“Would you...speak a bit more normally?” I asked. The haughty tone he’d previously used with me was fine, but I just couldn’t settle down around him when he spoke so reverently.</p>

      <p>“The difference in our positions must be clear though...” he said.</p>

      <p>Well, that made sense—the old-timer was focused on physical feats, had a strong sense of hierarchy, and was super serious. There seemed to be a lot of people in Roses like that. I now felt kind of bad for having him pulled from his role as a bodyguard.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe I should ask Princess Sophia to take him back?</em></p>

      <p>Prince Leonardo was standing beside the old-timer, and he spoke up with enthusiasm. “Makoto, let’s do our best together as heroes of Roses!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, Prince Leonardo. You’re right. Let’s work hard.” Since he and I were both heroes that would protect the country, I’d have to give it my all.</p>

      <p>“I can show you to sister’s room,” he offered.</p>

      <p>“No!” exclaimed the former bodyguard. “A prince should not need to act as a guard! We shall guide him.”</p>

      <p>A lot of the people that worked in the palace were nearby, so eventually, one of the knights showed me the way.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia!” the knight called when we arrived. “I have brought Sir Makoto, Hero of Roses!”</p>

      <p>“Show him through.”</p>

      <p>“Excuse me...” I said softly as I entered Princess Sophia’s room. The knight remained outside. She was alone inside. In other words, it was just the two of us.</p>

      <p>“Please, take a seat,” she said, gesturing to some chairs that sat around an expensive-looking glass table. Atop the table were cookies and such, and on one side, there was a teapot with two teacups.</p>

      <p>With practiced movements, the princess poured us some tea. <em>Wasn’t that usually something maids did, rather than the princess herself...?</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>