<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Makoto Takatsuki Visits a Southern Island</h1>

      <p>“I want to go away somewhere...” My voice came out in a murmur as I was practicing water magic.</p>

      <p>“You want to go somewhere, Makoto?” asked a voice from my side.</p>

      <p>“What?!” I turned and saw Prince Leonardo looking at me with a smile. <em>Ack, he heard me talking to myself...</em>and<em> he’s a prince.</em></p>

      <p>We were currently in front of a fountain in one of the palace’s courtyards. Several of the (few) water elementals in Horn tended to gather here.</p>

      <p>“Well, I just thought it’d be good to train somewhere with more nature,” I replied, adding context about the lack of elementals under my breath.</p>

      <p>“Nature... Well the crown does have several villas for retreats. Would it be better to practice by some mountains or the ocean?”</p>

      <p>Now <em>that</em> sounded like a vacation.</p>

      <p>“Well, I wasn’t looking for somewhere to play around,” I said with a rueful laugh. I was about to turn him down, but then I had a sudden thought. “Actually, Prince, do you have a place close to the Habhain Islands?” That was the name of one of the most popular tourist areas on the continent.</p>

      <p>“We do! The royal family owns a villa in the area.”</p>

      <p><em>Seriously?</em> He’s a prince, all right!</p>

      <p>“Can we go?” I asked intensely, grabbing his hand. He glanced up at me in surprise, his face reddening. Hm, was it because grabbing his hand was rude? But we were both heroes, after all, so it was probably fine.</p>

      <p>“W-We can,” he stammered. “I’d be glad to go if it would make you happy. I’ll talk to my sister.” He turned and walked off, presumably to ask the princess.</p>

      <p>Hmm, so Princess Sophia’d be coming too... Would we be able to get along? I guess we <em>had</em> been much friendlier lately. Besides...</p>

      <p>Just then, Noah spoke up in my mind. <em>Aren’t you living it up, holidaying on the southern isles... </em>Her voice seemed slightly unhappy. Was she sulking?</p>

      <p><em>I’m not suuulking,</em> she whined. <em>I’m not jealous that my believer’s enjoying an island in the south.</em></p>

      <p>She definitely was. But she was wrong about my motivation.</p>

      <p><em>How am I wrong? </em>she asked.</p>

      <p>Mentally, I shot back another question: do you know what’s near the Habhain Islands?</p>

      <p><em>Umm, the islands are almost in the center of middlesea and are of various sizes... Wait...you can’t be planning that...</em></p>

      <p>That’s right. That’s my goal.</p>

      <p>Noah’s panicked voice echoed in my thoughts. <em>No! It’s too soon!</em></p>

      <p>I was just going to check it out, but maybe I’d clear it at the same time.</p>

      <p><em>You can’t!</em> <em>Quit it with the death flags!</em></p>

      <p>But Noah should know by now—telling me that I couldn’t do something always made me more determined.</p>

      <p>There was a trench near the Habhain Islands that was known to be the deepest in the world. It was called Deep Scar, and my goal lurked in its depths...</p>

      <p>The Abyssal Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p>One of the “last dungeons” that mankind had yet to set foot in—the place where the Wicked Deity Noah was trapped.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I told the others of my planned trip to the southern islands. Lucy immediately started cheering. “We’re going to the Habhain Islands? Yay, I can’t wait!”</p>

      <p>“What’re they like, Lu?” Sasa asked.</p>

      <p>“Like a famous resort,” she gushed. “The sea’s gorgeous!”</p>

      <p>“That sounds fun! Shall we go buy our swimsuits together?”</p>

      <p>“Of course!”</p>

      <p>Sasa then turned to me and asked, “Wanna come, Takatsuki?”</p>

      <p>“No!” Lucy protested. “We need to tempt him during the trip.”</p>

      <p>“Right! Sorry, Takatsuki, you’ll have to wait until we get there.”</p>

      <p>And so, the two of them headed off, jubilant and giggling. I’d noticed that they’d been getting a whole lot closer lately. But, we weren’t going to the islands to play around...</p>

      <p>Well, whatever. I’d look forward to their swimsuits, but before then, I had my own arrangements to make. The Seafloor Temple was even more difficult than Labyrinthos. I’d need to prepare properly.</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie! I hear you are heading for the Habhains!”</p>

      <p>Typical Fujiyan, always the first to know!</p>

      <p>“That’s the plan,” I replied. “We’ve got a bit of time to spare before we need to head for Highland.” Although, it was only a fortnight. Not exactly enough time to take it easy.</p>

      <p>“Leave the specifics of travel to me,” he said. “Our flying ship is more than capable of making it to the islands.”</p>

      <p>“You’re a lifesaver, Fujiyan.” It was nice to have our transportation sorted. The royal family had an airship of their own, but I didn’t want to rely on royalty for that, and would rather fly on Fujiyan’s.</p>

      <p>“If we will be visiting one of the villas owned by the Roses family, would Lady Chris and Lady Nina be able to join us? Lady Chris in particular wishes to deepen her ties to the royal family.”</p>

      <p>“I’m fine with that, obviously,” I confirmed. Nina was a friend after all, and Chris was Fujiyan’s fiancée, so I didn’t have anything against it. “But, I’ve got some other things I want to ask for.”</p>

      <p>“You wish to prepare items for an expedition, correct?” Fujiyan asked with a chuckle. “I will gather a bounty of supplies within the capital.”</p>

      <p>Reliable as ever. Plus, Roses would be picking up the bill. He and I exchanged grins. It was time to go all-out on high-class items!<br/><br/></p>

      <p>As I tried and failed to heft the substantial bag of supplies onto my shoulder, I realized something: <em>With my pitiful stats, I’m not even strong enough to carry all the support items...</em> <em>Well, guess I’ll have to be more discerning.</em></p>

      <p>Just then, I felt a presence behind me.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto. Leo told me that you wish to go to the Habhain Islands.”</p>

      <p>Ah, Princess Sophia. She was technically my boss, considering that my Hero of Roses title was state-authorized. Maybe I should kneel before her like that bodyguard always said?</p>

      <p>I got halfway there before she told me not to bother, so I straightened back up. Guess I didn’t need to do any exaggerated posing.</p>

      <p>“I will be accompanying you,” she informed me. It made sense—Prince Leonardo was still young, so he would need a guardian. “Would that be acceptable?”</p>

      <p>“I-It would.” She outranked me, so she really didn’t need <em>my</em> permission...</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia heard my response but kept staring steadily at my face. Did she need anything else?</p>

      <p>“Is something wrong?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“N-Nothing at all!” she stammered before quickly striding off. Even now, I still couldn’t understand what she was thinking.</p>

      <p>Oh well. I needed to get ready for an adventure.</p>

      <p>Finally, with all of our travel preparations complete, we departed for the southern islands.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“Wow! It’s so clear that I can see straight down through the water! It’s beautiful!” Sasa cheered, splashing through the waves. The swimsuit she’d bought for this trip was orange with a flower motif. It fit her well and she looked really cute.</p>

      <p>“It’s so hot,” Lucy complained. “I feel like my skin’s gonna burn.” She was wearing a red two-piece, and the contrast between her pale skin and the bright color of the swimsuit looked incredible.</p>

      <p>I asked why she didn’t cover up since she was worried about a sunburn, and got promptly told off and yelled at for not “getting it.”</p>

      <p>Behind Lucy, Prince Leonardo was wearing summer clothes, and Princess Sophia had donned a slightly more casual gown. Despite the beachy location, she was still properly dressed. <em>Honestly, she could stand to let her hair down more.</em></p>

      <p>Anyway, the sun was shining, the beach was white, the water was clear, and the beauties—Lucy and Sasa—were in swimsuits. It looked like those resort islands I’d seen on TV when I was younger.</p>

      <p><em>Yup, this is amazing...but we don’t have time to just lounge around on vacation. Time to head for my goal.</em></p>

      <p>As I enjoyed the scenery, Prince Leonardo hesitantly got my attention. “Um, Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“What is it?” I asked, turning to him with a smile.</p>

      <p>Before the prince could answer, Lucy cut in. “What’s with that getup, Makoto? Aren’t you too hot in that?”</p>

      <p>While everyone else was in summer clothes or swimsuits, I was still wearing my sturdy adventurer clothes, just as I had been when we’d gone to Labyrinthos.</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna explore the Seafloor Temple,” I told them. With that said, I turned to leave, but a chorus of voices stopped me in my tracks.</p>

      <p>“Makoto?!”</p>

      <p>“Wait up, Takatsuki!”</p>

      <p>“Please wait, Hero Makoto.”</p>

      <p>Lucy, Sasa, and even the princess had called for me to stop. <em>Why?</em></p>

      <p>“You’re not going on a solo expedition, are you?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki,” Sasa chided. “You’re not allowed to go off alone.”</p>

      <p>I glanced around at everyone’s face, and they all seemed against the idea. <em>Even Fujiyan! The traitor!</em></p>

      <p>“Well now, my esteemed Tackie, there is only a small amount of time before we will head for Highland. Why don’t we all just enjoy the southern islands for a time?”</p>

      <p>“I, uh, guess we can do that...” I’d follow the decision that my party made, even if it wasn’t my first choice. After all, I <em>could</em> work in a team.</p>

      <p><em>It hardly seems that way, does it?</em> I heard from my goddess. <em>Teamwork isn’t your strong suit.</em></p>

      <p>Noah, I changed my plans after hearing everyone’s input. That makes this a team play. Got it?</p>

      <p><em>Right, sure.</em></p>

      <p>Jokes aside, I stripped off the stuffy adventuring gear and finally changed into swimwear. <em>If I’m going to be here, I may as well enjoy the island.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I was resting on the beach, somewhat tired and taking a break from the sun beneath a parasol, when I heard an unfamiliar voice talking to the prince. “Good day, Prince Leonardo.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, Sir Deeno. It has been a while. Your aid with the capital’s defenses was...”</p>

      <p>Guess they knew each other. This “Sir Deeno” didn’t even spare the rest of us a glance. Actually, I take that back—he’d looked at Lucy and Sasa. I guess he liked the ladies.</p>

      <p>“Let us dispense with the formalities,” said Deeno. “We are in private, after all. I see that Princess Sophia is as lovely as ever.”</p>

      <p>His words set my teeth on edge... He reminded me of a certain type of guy, the gaudy kind. And he didn’t just sound like one, but he looked like one too. The blond was probably his actual hair color, but the silver necklace and rings glinting against his tanned skin were blatantly expensive. He was probably some flavor of royalty, or maybe a rich noble.</p>

      <p>“Still,” the man continued, “it is such a shame that there are no waves to ride.” He was holding onto something that looked similar to a surfboard. So, I guess he was a surfer, just like the ones in my old world. “It really is too bad. I was looking forward to displaying my skill.”</p>

      <p>“Your talent on the waves is famous indeed,” Prince Leonardo answered, keeping the conversation flowing. Roses was a small country, so even the prince had to play nice with influential people from other nations.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm,</em> I thought, <em>is there anything I can do to help?</em> That gaudy guy was complaining about poor surfing conditions.</p>

      <p>Just then, I got an idea, so I turned to Deeno and asked, “Would it help if there were some waves?”</p>

      <p>“Hm? Who are you?” he scoffed. “Don’t you know I’m the eldest son of Count Berkley of Cameron? I was speaking with the prince. What benefit could you possibly offer with your interruption?”</p>

      <p>“Watch this, if you would,” I said as I stood and walked toward the sea.</p>

      <p>“<em>Elementals, let’s play</em>,” I murmured. At my words, the elementals in the air began to stir, and they shifted to answer. Unlike the capital, this island was surrounded by the ocean and had a plentiful population of water elementals. In fact, this was the most I’d ever seen in one place.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!” exclaimed Deeno.</p>

      <p>In an instant, the previously calm ocean had started rolling. There were no strong winds and no clouds in sight. The weather hadn’t changed at all. Only the sea itself had grown more turbulent.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto, what did you do?” the prince asked.</p>

      <p>“I just got some waves going.”</p>

      <p>“That’s possible?!” Prince Leonardo’s eyes were wide.</p>

      <p>“Wonderful!” Deeno exclaimed. “Absolutely superb waves! That’s just what I’ve been waiting for!” He excitedly made his way into the ocean, surfboard under one arm, and then paddled out beyond the breakers. When a huge wave rose in front of him, he skillfully glided onto it, then popped up on his feet and rode the wave to its conclusion.</p>

      <p>Yup, it was just as he’d said—Deeno was good at surfing.</p>

      <p>“Umm...the waves seem to be bigger all across the sea, not just in front of us. Are you going to have enough mana?” The prince sounded worried.</p>

      <p>I was actually fine. Elemental magic was powered by mana from the elementals themselves, and they had a ton of it. I didn’t have to touch my own meager reserves at all. But, explaining that was too much effort, so I just deflected the prince’s question with a smile.</p>

      <p>“I’m all good.”</p>

      <p>Prince Leonardo stared at me like he was at a loss.</p>

      <p>“Look, other people are enjoying your waves’h,” Nina pointed out.</p>

      <p>She was right. When I glanced at the ocean, I saw other surfers having fun.</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie, I have a proposition...” Fujiyan began. “Recently, the seas have been tremendously calm, so the lack of adequate surfing conditions seems forecasted to continue. There are also many other wealthy people in the area... Could we possibly take advantage of this, perhaps?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t see why not,” I answered. <em>That’s Fujiyan... He never misses a trick.</em> Plus, it <em>was </em>a pretty good idea.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia must’ve overheard us because she spoke up, her tone reserved. “Lord Fujiwara, I cannot condone using a State-Authorized Hero in such a way...”</p>

      <p>Fujiyan bowed immediately. “My apologies, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>Welp, our new business had been tanked before it’d even started. I wasn’t all that disappointed. I’d mostly gone along with the idea because I didn’t want to turn Fujiyan down. However, this conversation had raised a question: was there a problem with heroes being involved in business? That seemed likely since reputation was important.</p>

      <p>As I pondered this, I watched everyone swimming and surfing.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, look, look!” Sasa called, grabbing my attention.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t the only one to shout—everyone that saw her gave a shocked yell.</p>

      <p>Sasa was running on top of the water.</p>

      <p>“Um, Makoto...is Aya using magic?” the prince asked, confusion evident in his voice.</p>

      <p>“No, she’s just running...on the water.”</p>

      <p>Sasa couldn’t use magic, but thinking back, I remembered that she’d used a water traversal skill in Labyrinthos. When I’d asked Sasa about it, she’d just explained that she had to step with her left leg before her right leg sank, and then vice versa. Right... Sasa was probably the only one that could use that logic to run on the water.</p>

      <p>Lucy was much more idle and was floating in a ring, enjoying the sea. She was from a race that lived in the forest, so she didn’t really have a ton of experience swimming. Fujiyan, Nina, and Chris were all enjoying themselves as well.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, let’s swim together,” the prince suggested.</p>

      <p>“Sure,” I answered, and we both dove into the water.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Flow.</em></p>

      <p>I hadn’t been that great at swimming in my old world, but now I was better than anyone. After all, I constantly used my free time in Macallan just like this—training my water magic!</p>

      <p>“Wait!” Prince Leonardo called.</p>

      <p>“Oh.” I’d left him pretty far behind. Damn it. I got carried away. Hurriedly, I pulled a U-turn.</p>

      <p>“Pardon me, Prince Leonardo.” I apologized immediately, but the prince didn’t look unhappy with me.</p>

      <p>“No need... I cannot measure up to your skill, despite my blessing from the goddess of water...” He slumped in disappointment. Was his performance in the last battle still weighing on him? I’d have to cheer him up...</p>

      <p><em>I know!</em> I thought with a flash, grabbing his hand.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Walk on Water.</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, the two of us stood softly on the surface of the sea.</p>

      <p>“Makoto?” he asked, puzzled.</p>

      <p>“I’ll use <em>Synchro</em> to show you my magic,” I explained. “Once you know how it’s done, it’ll be easy for you.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Very well!” he answered excitedly, seeming to catch on.</p>

      <p>“Then let’s go. We’ll start with an ultra rank spell.”</p>

      <p><em>Synchro. </em>I joined our mana pools, feeling the connection through our clasped hands. Normally, I’d need to borrow his mana to use ultra rank magic, but we were on the ocean right now, so there was a surplus of water elementals for me to draw from.</p>

      <p>“Hauuu,” the prince mumbled. His knees began to buckle as he leaned toward me. I caught him by his small shoulder to keep him from falling.</p>

      <p>“Are you okay?”</p>

      <p>“I am...” he murmured. “Your <em>Synchro</em> skill is amazing. It’s completely different from when my teacher first taught me magic.”</p>

      <p>“Oh...?” Maybe it was just because his teacher and I were different people.</p>

      <p>“Amazing how, by the way?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“W-Well...I don’t think I should say...” His face had gone bright red.</p>

      <p>In my mind, Noah chastised me. <em>Quit sexually harassing the prince, Makoto.</em></p>

      <p>Noah? What’s sexual here? The prince was a guy, after all.</p>

      <p>“Let’s carry on with the magic, then,” I said, keeping the synchronization active as I cast.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Water Dragon.</em>”</p>

      <p>A dozen or so ultra rank water dragons burst from the sea. There weren’t any monsters around, so I didn’t make them attack. They just flew through the air above the waves.</p>

      <p>“What do you think?” I’d turned around with a smug look, but found the prince staring at me, eyes wide and mouth gaping. “Prince Leonardo...are you okay?” He also didn’t seem to be able to stand properly, likely because of the synchronization, and his knees were shaking.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...” he said in awe. “You used ultra rank magic without an incantation, and did it several times simultaneously...”</p>

      <p>Wait...? <em>That’s</em> what he was surprised by?</p>

      <p>“Well, Prince Leonardo, you have the ultra rank skill for that spell, so I thought it worked perfectly.”</p>

      <p>“N-No way!” he stammered. “I can’t do that!”</p>

      <p>Apparently, that wasn’t a good example... I’d have to teach him another way. “We can make fewer, then. Seven water dragons to start.”</p>

      <p>“Why are you assuming I can do several at the same time?!” he exclaimed.</p>

      <p><em>Whoops, I got him angry.</em></p>

      <p>“Okay, then, one to start with...”</p>

      <p>I’d just been planning on showing off a bit, but that seemed counterproductive to this lesson. I kept my arm around his shoulders as I cast the ultra rank spell. The water dragon soared gracefully through the air.</p>

      <p>“You don’t drop the mana link, even after you’ve cast it,” the prince noted.</p>

      <p>“If I severed the link, I wouldn’t be able to hit anything, would I?” That was a technique I’d learned for controlling the spell after casting—if you maintained the mana connection, you could direct a spell’s movements. If not, it would just travel in a straight line. The greater the distance, the harder it was to maintain control, but as long as the line of sight wasn’t broken, it wasn’t all that difficult.</p>

      <p>“I can tell because of the synchronization...your proficiency is way higher than mine,” Prince Leonardo said.</p>

      <p>“It’s not <em>that</em> great... How about we move on to three water dragons?”</p>

      <p>“Seriously, why are you upping the number right away?” He had an aghast look on his face, but he still put all his effort into trying to learn. The synchronization was probably hard on his body, though, since his breathing was rough and his face was red. He felt even warmer than before.</p>

      <p>“Should we stop about now?” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“N-No. My body is finally getting used to it... Let’s continue.”</p>

      <p>The prince sure was a hard worker.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...can we do this tomorrow, and every day?”</p>

      <p>I agreed easily. “Of course we can.”</p>

      <p>“Uh...is that all right?” I heard Lucy ask. “The prince looks like a girl in love.”</p>

      <p>“Lu, no interfering in their quality time,” scolded Sasa.</p>

      <p>“Uh, Aya? What are you on about?”</p>

      <p>That conversation sounded a bit worrying...<br/><br/></p>

      <p>After we’d finished swimming, we decided to take a break and eat on the beach. Everyone had seemed to enjoy themselves, but there was one person in particular on my mind.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia, won’t you swim?” I asked. She was watching the sea from underneath a big parasol.</p>

      <p>She let out a slight gasp at my question and stared at me in surprise.</p>

      <p>Then, her bodyguard jumped in. “Hero Makoto...I cannot overlook that. The princess cann—”</p>

      <p>“Silence,” she commanded, halting whatever he’d been trying to say. She turned to me. “I am the priestess of Roses, so I cannot show my skin in front of others.”</p>

      <p>“I see...that’s a shame.” The sea was so beautiful... It was a bummer that she couldn’t enjoy it like the rest of us.</p>

      <p>“Um...you think my circumstances are less than ideal?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I do.” Going to the beach honestly seemed like a waste if you couldn’t swim. However, my words seemed to put her deep in thought. <em>Did I say something weird?</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>A while later, Sasa and Lucy returned. Just as I was thinking about leaving the beach, I heard an earsplitting scream.</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa immediately spotted the predicament and pointed toward the ocean.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, look!”</p>

      <p>“Someone’s drowning!”</p>

      <p>I peered in the direction they’d pointed, and noticed a girl struggling in the waves. Uh...was this because of my magic?</p>

      <p>I dove into the sea and used <em>Walk on Water</em> to pull the girl free of the waves.</p>

      <p>“Ahhh... Wh-What?” the girl sputtered as she suddenly realized that she was standing on the surface of the ocean. She looked around in shock.</p>

      <p>“Are you okay?” I asked, holding out a hand. She had blonde hair and blue eyes, and there was a sense of refinement to her appearance, so she was definitely a noble.</p>

      <p>“I-I am.”</p>

      <p>Maybe it was a bit rude to grab a girl’s hand so soon after meeting her? Well, almost drowning was a scary situation, so hopefully holding her hand would calm her down.</p>

      <p>Using my magic, I shifted the water and propelled us back to the beach.</p>

      <p>The instant we set foot on the sand, a group of knights surrounded us. “You there! How dare you lay your hand on Miss Carina?!” They must have been her guards. This was a high-class resort where even the royal family had a villa, so the girl I’d saved was probably a high-ranking noble herself.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me,” I said, intending to leave. But the noble girl wouldn’t let me. She clutched tightly onto my hand as she scolded the knight.</p>

      <p>“Enough!” she ordered. “This man just saved me. Apologize to him immediately.”</p>

      <p>“B-But...”</p>

      <p>“You still wish to talk back? Then you’ll be fired.”</p>

      <p>“M-My apologies!” said the knight as his head dropped into a bow.</p>

      <p>“Well, you don’t need to...” I started.</p>

      <p>“I offer my apologies for the disrespect. May I ask your name?” The noble girl’s voice softened quite a bit as she spoke to me, and it almost sounded like she was a different person.</p>

      <p>After a pause, I answered, “I’m Makoto Takatsuki of Roses.”</p>

      <p>Her eyes started to shine. “Oh! The man that just became a State-Authorized Hero of Roses! What a wonderful quirk of fate. My apologies for the late introduction, I am Carina Berkley of Cameron. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. I would like to hold a banquet in your honor tonight, as thanks for saving me.”</p>

      <p>Hmm...Berkley? Didn’t the gaudy guy from earlier mention that name?</p>

      <p>“Oh, you there, mage. That was wonderful magic. The waves were sublime.”</p>

      <p><em>Speak of the devil, here he is...</em></p>

      <p>“You shouldn’t call him ‘mage,’ brother. This is the Hero of Roses.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, it’s my sister,” said the man from earlier, Deeno. “So I hear. Please, Hero, excuse my rudeness.”</p>

      <p>“I-It’s fine...”</p>

      <p>Yup, he was her brother.</p>

      <p>“This man saved me from drowning just moments ago,” explained Carina. “I wish to invite him to our home this evening.”</p>

      <p>Uh, things were getting a bit out of hand...</p>

      <p>“What?!” exclaimed Deeno. “The dignity of the Berkley family rests upon this! My good hero, do you have a preference for women? I can provide such a girl.”</p>

      <p>“Whaaat?!” This guy was saying some pretty crazy stuff.</p>

      <p>But then, the princess arrived. “W-Wait. You cannot do such things arbitrarily.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, if it isn’t Lady Sophia? Of course, you are all invited as well.”</p>

      <p>The princess turned to the noble girl, and the two started having an impenetrable conversation.</p>

      <p>“Carina...is this a coincidence?”</p>

      <p>“What could you possibly mean?”</p>

      <p>Later, Princess Sophia would tell me that the Berkleys were one of the biggest noble families in Cameron and that they had deep ties to the Roses family.</p>

      <p>The Berkleys’ main source of revenue was banking, incidentally. In other words, loaning money. They were a family that loved strategy and connection, so that was what Princess Sophia had been worried about. But, in the end, we all took up the offer of hospitality.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“What’s with this building?” Lucy wondered in amazement.</p>

      <p>“It’s almost like a castle,” Sasa added.</p>

      <p>The Roses family villa was large, but this was on another level. There were rumors that the Berkley family had more money than even some royal families.</p>

      <p>“Welcome,” chorused rows of maids and butlers as they ushered us in.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia took the lead and we nervously followed along the patterned carpet.</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie,” Fujiyan murmured. “This carpet alone is worth several million gald.”</p>

      <p>Seriously? I’d have to be careful walking on it, then.</p>

      <p>“Fujiyan, do you know this family?”</p>

      <p>“The trading firm that originally scouted me from the Water Temple is headquartered in Cameron. I know that you cannot live in that country if you are against the Berkley family...”</p>

      <p>“Guess I’ll need to watch what I say...” Things were getting scarier and scarier.</p>

      <p>Deeno Berkley was waiting, and he greeted us as we entered. “Welcome, ladies and gentlemen. Enjoy yourselves tonight.”</p>

      <p>So, he was the eldest son of the biggest family in Cameron... It showed—he was wearing even more gold than when we’d met him this morning. “Now, let us begin the feast,” he said, clapping his hands at the stage and prompting the dancers to begin performing. Behind them, a huge orchestra started playing.</p>

      <p>The only people present at this banquet were those related to the Roses family. There weren’t many of us, but the amount of food and drink that’d been prepared could’ve satisfied well over a hundred people. The meals in Roses Castle had been delicious, but this spread was just as good.</p>

      <p>“Are you enjoying yourself?” Deeno asked suddenly.</p>

      <p>“I am,” I answered. “The food and drink are both wonderful.”</p>

      <p>“Glad to hear it,” he said with a grin, clapping me on the shoulder. Guess he was a touchy-feely guy.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, Hero Makoto, do you have any acquaintance with the Hero of Light?”</p>

      <p>He was well informed. And yet...he hadn’t even recognized me during the day...?</p>

      <p>“Oh, he’s a friend. We arrived in this world at the same time.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, so you are childhood friends with Sir Sakurai?” pressed Deeno.</p>

      <p>“I-I am.” How’d he know that?! Terrifying... He’d looked everything up.</p>

      <p>“Eventually, you will be heading for the demon continent for the Northern Front Plan,” Deeno continued. “The Berkley family will support you to its fullest extent. This is a token of our acquaintance.” As he spoke, he passed me a sheet of paper.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“A bond against our family. Write in whatever sum you wish. Naturally, this is not offered as a loan.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you accept the Berkley family’s bond?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶ No</b></code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Well, that was a blatant warning from <em>RPG Player</em>. I...probably shouldn’t, right? They’ll use it to leverage me for something crazy later, won’t they?</p>

      <p>Just as I was about to turn it down, Princess Sophia did it for me. “Wait, Sir Deeno. Hero Makoto has the support of the royal family of Roses. He does not need that bond.”</p>

      <p>“My, you were gorgeous during the day, but a classic dress suits you far better,” he answered with a bright smile. Deeno’s face looked like Fujiyan’s when he was in the middle of negotiations.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Deeno, but I cannot accept this,” I said. The princess was here, so I could turn it down clearly. “That was not why I saved Carina earlier.”</p>

      <p>“I see, Hero of Roses. If that’s the case, please feel free to call upon our family if the need should ever arise.” Deeno easily pulled back the sheet of paper.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia’s help had gotten me through, and luckily, that was the last time I had to speak with him. I stayed on guard, but nothing much happened after that.</p>

      <p>“I drank too much...”</p>

      <p>As soon as my glass dipped below full, some maid or another would be there to top it off. The food was continuously coming out, plate after plate, but it was still delicious to the last mouthful. My chopsticks were a blur.</p>

      <p>I’d <em>clearly</em> gone over my limits.</p>

      <p><em>Expensive booze...goes down like water...</em></p>

      <p>I’d always been satisfied with the cheaper stuff at the guild, so I hadn’t realized what pricier alcohol did to me. Wanting to shake off some of the fugue state, I went out to the courtyard to wash my face in the fountain. Alongside the huge fountain was a pool, and its waters were spread out beneath the gorgeous moonlight.</p>

      <p><em>I might as well take a dip to wake myself up.</em></p>

      <p>Just as I was convincing myself that no, I shouldn’t just drop into someone else’s pool, I heard a voice. “Oh, Sir Makoto? What are you doing here?” It was one of the masters of the house—Carina. I’d seen her in a swimsuit earlier, but she was now wearing a cute party dress.</p>

      <p>I’d spoken to her older brother during the banquet but had barely talked to her at all. <em>Guess I should say thanks for the invite.</em></p>

      <p>“I would like to offer my than—”</p>

      <p>My words trailed off as she interrupted me, placing her index finger on my lips. “None of that now. You needn’t be so formal.”</p>

      <p>At some point, she’d wound her arms around one of mine. Her movements were as smooth as a martial artist’s... She had blonde hair and blue eyes, carried all the bearing of nobility, and, on top of that, was pressed against me. I found myself unable to react, which led to the pair of us walking along.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to be much closer with you, Sir Makoto,” she told me. She smelled slightly sweet, and I thought it must’ve been some kind of perfume. I was tugged farther and farther in the direction of her whims as she pulled me by the arm.</p>

      <p><em>Is this where the party is?</em> I wondered.</p>

      <p>“Now, over here.” She’d guided me to an adorable room that was filled with a floral scent. There was a huge four-poster bed in the center.</p>

      <p>This was not, in fact, where the party was being held.</p>

      <p>“Uh, where are we?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“This is my room. Could we speak for a while?” Before I could reply, she pulled on my arm again, yanking me across the threshold.</p>

      <p><em>Alone with a girl in her room...</em></p>

      <p>Well, I guess this wasn’t their primary home, but a vacation villa, so this space was more like a hotel room. A quick glance around revealed little in the way of personal effects, and it didn’t really feel “lived-in.”</p>

      <p>Guided by her, I sank down onto the canopied bed in the middle of the room, and without a moment of hesitation, she sat next to me.</p>

      <p><em>She’s just like her brother... No sense of personal space...</em></p>

      <p>Maybe it was genetic?</p>

      <p>“You saved me from great peril today, and I need to thank you for that,” she murmured.</p>

      <p>“Well, anyone would try and save a girl that was drowning...”</p>

      <p>Carina molded herself to my side again. “I suppose as the new Hero of Roses, you must have a fiancée. After all, you refused my brother’s offer of a woman for the night. You’re a diligent person.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I only became a hero a little while ago...”</p>

      <p><em>Wait, </em>that’s<em> what he meant by offering a woman?! Maybe I made the wrong call... Nope, Lucy and Sasa would have killed me. It was definitely right to have turned him down.</em></p>

      <p>“You are aware that I am nobility, no?” Carina asked. “That has led to me being encouraged to find a fiancé...but, so far, no men have attracted me. After all, they just want my family’s wealth...”</p>

      <p>I nodded. “That sounds awful.”</p>

      <p>She was a noble daughter of Cameron’s leading aristocratic family. While she didn’t outwardly appear to have any hardships, she still had various concerns. Well, that assumed she was telling the truth, of course.</p>

      <p>“And so, our meeting today set my heart pounding,” she continued. “To think that I would have a fateful meeting with a man such as you.” She leaned in, moving her face closer to mine.</p>

      <p><em>This is bad.</em></p>

      <p>She was on the same social level as the Roses family. Reciprocating was out of the question, but turning her down could be equally as bad in the future.</p>

      <p><em>Time to sidestep.</em> I slipped a hand into my pocket and opened a small bottle. It was one of the magic items Fujiyan had gotten for me—the vial contained a liquid enchanted with sleep magic.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Mist.</em></p>

      <p>I magically manipulated the liquid and spread it around the room, obviously being careful to not breathe it in myself.</p>

      <p>“Phwahh... Strange, I suddenly feel exhausted...”</p>

      <p>The item’s effect was top-notch. Carina didn’t even manage to finish her sentence before her eyes drifted closed, and she fell back onto the bed. I could hear soft little snores as she dozed.</p>

      <p><em>That was quick...</em></p>

      <p>The sleeping liquid was ultimately harmless. I let her rest, pulling a cover over her before leaving the room.</p>

      <p><em>Right, so where’s the actual party then?</em> I wandered around for a while before using <em>Listen</em> to find the direction that produced the most noise. Following my ear led me back to the party right away.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, where’d you go?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki? Were you with someone?” Sasa sniffed the air around me. “I can smell perfume.”</p>

      <p><em>Are you a dog or something?</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, Sir Makoto,” Deeno said, his tone questioning. “Were you not with my younger sister?”</p>

      <p><em>How’d he know that...?</em></p>

      <p>“She seemed tired, so I escorted her to her room. I assume she’s asleep by now.”</p>

      <p>After a pause, he said, “Hmmm, I see.” He then continued speaking in a low murmur, so soft that I could only pick it up because of my <em>Listen</em> skill. “So, she failed.”</p>

      <p><em>He was in on it too...</em></p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto, did anything happen with Carina?” Princess Sophia asked nervously. It was fine though—she had nothing to worry about.</p>

      <p>The rest of the banquet proceeded without incident, and after it concluded, we returned to the Roses family villa.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>That night, after things had settled, I quietly walked outside.</p>

      <p><em>Since we’re here, I should do what I came to do.</em></p>

      <p>There was an ocean trench a few kilometers away from this island—Deep Scar. Within it was the Seafloor Temple where Noah was being held.</p>

      <p>I made my way to the shore and stepped out into the gently lapping waves.</p>

      <p>But then, I heard a voice behind me. “Hero Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia?” I asked. I expected her to be asleep by now.</p>

      <p>“I was looking out at the sea when I saw you,” she explained. “Are you going to the dungeon?”</p>

      <p>“Well, yes, that’s why I’m here.”</p>

      <p>“The Berkleys seemed rather taken with you. Are you certain you should not have conversed with them for longer?” She spoke in a teasing tone. “Perhaps you would even have a better lifestyle currying favor with them.”</p>

      <p>I thought back to Carina’s approach during the party. “Well, I’m...” <em>Not exactly interested.</em></p>

      <p>“You aren’t greedy, are you?” the princess asked with a smile. She hesitated slightly, and her gaze meandered away. “Incidentally, you mentioned wanting to see my swimsuit during the day, no?”</p>

      <p>“What?” <em>Did I?</em> I’d just said that it was a shame she wasn’t going to swim. After all, we were vacationing at the beach.</p>

      <p>“Come to the shore at this time tomorrow, understood?” She stated this plainly before pivoting around and striding away.</p>

      <p>Well...<em>that</em> was obviously an order. I’d need to remember. <em>Either way, it’s a problem for future me.</em></p>

      <p>With a splash, I dove into the sea.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Flow.</em></p>

      <p>I used my magic to swim farther out. This far south, the sea was warm and crystal clear. I stared at all the vivid fish as I swam, just enjoying the submerged stroll for a while.</p>

      <p>I knew that the Habhains were an archipelago made up of islands of various sizes. Apparently, on the larger islands where people lived, magical barriers had been put in place to repel monsters. That was the same as in Horn, and it made for peaceful waters surrounding the islands.</p>

      <p>However, after a short time swimming, the sea suddenly changed.</p>

      <p>I’d ventured outside the barrier.</p>

      <p><em>A sea serpent...</em></p>

      <p>In the distance, I saw a huge snake monster coursing through the water. I activated my <em>Stealth</em> skill so I could pass by it undetected. There were a few other big figures, all of them sea monsters, but none showed any sign of noticing me.</p>

      <p><em>Am I nearly there...?</em></p>

      <p>There were no landmarks out in the open ocean like this, so I could get lost in an instant. Fortunately, I’d bought a compass-like tool from Fujiyan that I was wearing on my right arm. This magic compass was absolutely essential for navigating the sea, as it created an arrow of light that pointed toward my destination.</p>

      <p>The arrow was currently angled almost straight down.</p>

      <p><em>So the Seafloor Temple is at the bottom...</em></p>

      <p>The currents were gentle around the islands, but they were far from that now. Water rushed by me, flowing rapidly, and I could see several whirlpools breaking out and fading away on the surface.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Water Breathing.</em></p>

      <p>I slowly let myself drift down deeper. The moonlight that had illuminated the surface soon faded away, and the water darkened. I used <em>Night Vision </em>to look around, but I didn’t see any lurking threats. There were, however, a lot of marine animals that weren’t monsters. The sea was apparently pretty plentiful here.</p>

      <p>Nothing around me really seemed dangerous, but there was something eerie about being alone in the middle of the ocean.</p>

      <p><em>I feel isolated...</em></p>

      <p>It reminded me of hunting goblins alone in the past, back when I’d spent days in the dark forest by myself.</p>

      <p><em>No, it’s not quite the same.</em></p>

      <p>This time, small blue lights were floating all around me—water elementals. They’d be my allies. I’d only just arrived here, so I hadn’t yet introduced myself, and the elementals might not be willing to do what I wanted just yet. Even so, I knew they weren’t against me.</p>

      <p>I used <em>Calm Mind</em> to, well, calm down as I sank into the depths.</p>

      <p>Even with <em>Night Vision</em>, my eyes didn’t penetrate the darkness as much as I would’ve liked, so I relied on my <em>Scout</em> skill. I detected something writhing through the water right past me, and, because it was close enough, <em>Night Vision </em>showed me a jellyfish around a dozen meters long. I was using <em>Stealth</em>, so it didn’t notice me.</p>

      <p>Suddenly though, my <em>Scout</em> skill reacted and picked up something new. Out of nowhere, a huge shark swooped through the dark water, opened its jaws. and swallowed the massive jellyfish in a single bite. It was just stupidly big, like almost submarine sized. Fortunately, the shark was slow, so I just kept on diving. Using <em>Stealth</em>, I made it past several other huge sea creatures and monsters.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no sign of anyone...</em></p>

      <p>“Last dungeons” were places where mankind had yet to tread, and there were three of them in this world: the Celestial Tower, Tartarus, and the Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p>Recent rumors of the Great Demon Lord’s return made conquering them seem less appropriate, but I knew that some adventurers had tried to explore the first two. However, not once had I heard about someone trying to take on the Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p>And now that I was here, I understood why.</p>

      <p>To get to the dungeon, you first had to go to Deep Scar and dive way down into the depths. Not everyone had the capabilities for that. To start, an adventurer would need the right type of magic. Water magic was the best option, but it had low offensive capabilities, so not many adventurers bothered to train it. And for dungeon crawling, the <em>entire</em> party would need to have those skills... Thus, exploring the Seafloor Temple just wasn’t feasible for most adventurers.</p>

      <p>My skills could handle it though. I had enough proficiency with water magic and could use <em>Water Breathing</em> for hours.</p>

      <p>So, I kept swimming. A few dozen more minutes passed before I arrived at the seabed. There was what looked like a giant tear in the seafloor, and a vague glow shone from the opening.</p>

      <p><em>This must be Deep Scar...</em></p>

      <p>The trench was so long that I couldn’t even guess how many kilometers it was from end to end. Weird...I could see something that looked like packed magicite. It was glowing and illuminating the depths of the ocean.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, that’s the entrance,</em> Noah said in my mind. I felt like I could hear her more clearly than normal.</p>

      <p><em>Listen up, </em>she continued,<em> there’s a nest of sea monsters farther in. Inside the trench is like another world, and all the beasts are really strong. If you’re going to turn back, now’s your chance.</em></p>

      <p>I thought back a thanks along with a promise to be careful.</p>

      <p><em>You’re coming despite the warnings, then... If it gets bad, turn back.</em></p>

      <p>I thanked her once more and fell down toward the tear in the seabed. Suddenly, a wave of dense mana made my body shudder.</p>

      <p>The water here felt...different...?</p>

      <p>That made sense—the water was imbued with so much mana that it changed the environment completely. And the deeper I went, the denser the mana got. How strong were the monsters that lived down here?</p>

      <p>In the distance, I spotted several huge silhouettes. <em>Sea dragons... Three of them. </em>Every dragon was calamity level. If I just dove right into the thick of things, I’d definitely die.</p>

      <p><em>I guess I should do what Noah said and not push too hard.</em></p>

      <p>And thus, my first attempt at the Seafloor Temple ended.</p>

      <p>I returned to my room in the villa and used magic to dry the ocean water from my clothes. Once clean, I fell into bed and slept the sleep of the dead.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Bright...</em></p>

      <p>It was past noon when I woke up. The sun was high in the sky and streaming in through the window.</p>

      <p>Still groggy, I placed my hand down, attempting to push myself upright, but was met with a soft sensation under my fingers. <em>Lucy’s chest...</em> The girl I’d accidentally touched was lying next to me and she sent a sleepy look my way.</p>

      <p>Why? Did I go to the wrong room?</p>

      <p>I moved to check, shifting away from Lucy’s sleeping form. But then, I bumped into someone else, and they let out a soft cry...<em> Sasa.</em></p>

      <p>“Mhm, morning, Takatsuki,” Sasa said, sitting up as she rubbed her eyes.</p>

      <p>“That was a good sleep,” Lucy commented, stretching in her t-shirt and shorts.</p>

      <p>“What’re you two doing?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Sleeping in your room,” replied Sasa.</p>

      <p>“Sleep in your own rooms,” I retorted. The villa had plenty of space for guests. Lucy, Sasa, and I all had our own rooms, so both of them being in my bed was bizarre.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. There’s no harm in it,” Lucy said. “Oh, I’m getting changed, so look that way.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, your underwear’s so cute, Lu,” gushed Sasa. “Where’d you get them?”</p>

      <p>“Yours are cute too.”</p>

      <p>“Get out!” I yelled. As the two of them brought out day clothes to change into, I chased them out.</p>

      <p>It...almost felt as though, lately, they’d stopped seeing me as a guy.</p>

      <p>That afternoon, we all went to the beach once more, and almost everyone swam. I got the waves going for Deeno again, and Carina did join us, but things on the whole were peaceful.</p>

      <p>Then, nighttime came.</p>

      <p>I’d come to the beach as Princess Sophia had directed. There wasn’t a cloud in the sky, and the moonlight was luminous and beautiful. The only sound was the soft lapping of the waves on the sand. It was so peaceful and I almost forgot this wasn’t Earth.</p>

      <p>Of course, the water elementals whirling through the air were an unmistakable sign that this was another world. I stared up at the moon and I practiced my magic until I heard the soft crunch of footsteps in the sand behind me.</p>

      <p>“M-My apologies for the delay.”</p>

      <p>It was Princess Sophia, and unlike normal, she wasn’t wearing a dress. Instead, she’d donned a thin, robe-like garment that was pure white.</p>

      <p>“I haven’t been here long,” I answered, as any man should. Fujiyan had taught me a lot recently, like how to perfectly (I hoped) interact with women.</p>

      <p>“There is no need to fib... I saw you waiting.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right...you can see this spot from your room.” <em>Welp, caught red-handed.</em></p>

      <p>I couldn’t ask what she’d called me here for because, before I could speak, she loosened the robe she was wearing. It dropped to the sand, and her pale skin was revealed.</p>

      <p>She was wearing a swimsuit with a light-blue pattern on it.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What do you think?” she asked.</p>

      <p>I gulped. “I-It suits you, really well.”</p>

      <p>Her giggle sounded happy, and she shyly added, “I see.”</p>

      <p>She’d brought a swimsuit...just because I’d said it was a shame that she didn’t get to swim...? Would she really go this far for a State-Authorized Hero from her country?</p>

      <p>No...this wasn’t the sort of thing that you needed to be a hero for.</p>

      <p><em>A man and woman alone...on a moonlit beach... Of course, something will happen...</em></p>

      <p>Noah? What do you mean?</p>

      <p><em>Come on, this is why I call you dense,</em> she answered triumphantly.</p>

      <p><em>Okay...you’re right.</em></p>

      <p>I had to admit it... I was dense! Even <em>I</em> could work out what was going on here.</p>

      <p>Guess I’d already almost maxed my affection with the princess. <em>But, what? When? Was it when we defeated the blight giant? </em>Since then, her behavior hadn’t been much different...</p>

      <p><em>Forget about that and do what you need to, </em>urged Noah.</p>

      <p>What exactly is it that I need to do?</p>

      <p><em>Pin her down.</em></p>

      <p>Are you an idiot?!</p>

      <p><em>Who are you calling an idiot?! </em>Noah exclaimed.<em> I told you to build up a relationship with the priestesses!</em></p>

      <p>There’s a time and a place. Plus, we’re outside right now...</p>

      <p><em>Doesn’t that make it more exciting?</em></p>

      <p>There was no helping this goddess. I had to do something.</p>

      <p>Returning my focus to Sophia, I asked, “P-Princess, shall we swim?”</p>

      <p><em>Ugh, coward.</em></p>

      <p>Shut it, Noah!</p>

      <p>“S-Swim?” The princess’s expression tightened. I hadn’t said anything ridiculous, had I? She’d worn a swimsuit because she wanted to swim, right?</p>

      <p>“Is there a problem?” I asked.</p>

      <p>She fidgeted in embarrassment and looked away. “I-I can’t...swim...”</p>

      <p>Apparently, the princess swam in much the same way as a rock did. Well, actually, it was more like she’d never learned. As a child, she had come to the beach, but her duties had kept her busy, so mastering swimming just hadn’t been a priority.</p>

      <p>That made sense, but fortunately, I had a simple way for her to learn: she had king rank ice magic, and we’d already proven that her power was compatible with my water magic, so...</p>

      <p>“I can use <em>Synchro</em> to show you how to swim with water magic. You’ll learn in minutes.”</p>

      <p>I’d meant it as a nice suggestion, but she immediately shot me down. “<em>Synchro?!</em> Wait a moment! My heart isn’t ready!”</p>

      <p><em>What did her heart have to do with it?</em></p>

      <p>We didn’t end up using <em>Synchro</em>. With no other choice, we stuck to the shallows where she could practice swimming while still touching the bottom. In my mental fantasy, I’d wanted her to say something along the lines of “I’m nervous... It’s been a while...” And then I would’ve given her a sparkling grin before telling her I’d teach her. But, it didn’t exactly play out that way.</p>

      <p>Ten minutes later, and—</p>

      <p>“Look, Hero Makoto!”</p>

      <p>—she was gliding through the water like a fish.</p>

      <p><em>That’s </em>without<em> magic?</em></p>

      <p>She was propelled purely by her physical talent. As the water goddess’s priestess, she had high stats and good reflexes.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” she asked after a moment.</p>

      <p>“Nothing. I was just thinking that you’re a good swimmer.” Honestly, I couldn’t teach her; without my magic, I was slower than she was.</p>

      <p>After a while, she tired herself out, so we walked back up to the beach and sat down side by side.</p>

      <p>“The stars are beautiful tonight,” she murmured.</p>

      <p>“They are.”</p>

      <p>The sky over the southern island was a sight to behold. However, in this world, the moon was seen as a bad omen, so annoyingly enough, there was no commenting on the sublimity of the moon.</p>

      <p>We just chatted for a while—I talked about my adventures, and Princess Sophia spoke of the country’s situation. Talking with her like this felt just the same as it did with Lucy or Sasa, like she was a normal girl.</p>

      <p>Eventually, she suggested, “We should head back.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll walk you there,” I offered.</p>

      <p>I stayed with her until we reached her bedroom. Just before the door closed behind her, she showed her face through the gap.</p>

      <p>“I had fun today,” she whispered. “Good night.”</p>

      <p>“Good night, Princess Sophia.”</p>

      <p>The way she smiled at me with her hair mussed and dampened...it looked hot.</p>

      <p>I left her and I headed to my room, but I didn’t prepare for bed. Instead, I got changed into my adventuring gear.</p>

      <p>“Right, off we go.” Time for my second attempt.</p>

      <p><em>You’re trying again tonight?</em> Noah asked, exasperation evident in her voice.</p>

      <p>I’d be trying <em>every</em> night. It had been a lot of effort to come to the Habhain Islands.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t push yourself too hard,</em> she said, seeming just as worried as yesterday.</p>

      <p>But, in the end, the same thing happened—once I got deep enough, I was again surrounded by huge sea monsters. I decided to retreat.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Hrmm...”</p>

      <p>After I’d come back from Deep Scar, I’d fallen asleep in my bed. When I woke up, the light in the room was bright. That wasn’t what drew my attention, though. On either side of me were Lucy and Sasa.</p>

      <p><em>They’re here again...</em></p>

      <p>Did they think I was a body pillow or something? They both had their arms and legs wound around me. Plus, their clothes showed more than yesterday... What were they thinking?</p>

      <p>I used <em>Stealth</em> to get out of bed without waking either of them. Then I went to the kitchen, toasted some bread, and sandwiched it around some ham and a vegetable salad. Just as I started to eat, I heard the patter of footsteps.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! When did you go?!” Lucy exclaimed. “One second I was hugging you, and then it was Aya!”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki! I was holding on so you wouldn’t get away!”</p>

      <p>“And you were holding too tight,” Lucy protested. “You had your legs all intertwined with his, you perv.”</p>

      <p>“And you pretended you were half asleep to try and kiss him!”</p>

      <p>“I did! Then it ended up being you! I need to kiss Makoto to get rid of the taste.”</p>

      <p>“No trying to push kisses! You should just kiss the wall!” Sasa countered. “I’m having him first!”</p>

      <p>The two of them strode into the room mid-argument. Regardless of the dispute, they sat down next to each other and enjoyed a late breakfast together. What the hell, guys?</p>

      <p>“Right, let’s play rock-paper-scissors for his lips!” Lucy cheered.</p>

      <p>“Just what I wanted to hear!”</p>

      <p>“Knock it off,” I interjected, thumping both of them on the head as the idiocy ramped up. Yesterday, I’d asked what their plans were for today, and apparently, they were going shopping. The island had a big market in the middle of it or something.</p>

      <p>“So, what are you doing, Makoto?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“You should come with us,” Sasa suggested.</p>

      <p>What to do...?</p>

      <p>I didn’t have anything I really wanted to buy...but this was considered to be a large island, even among the other folks at the resort, so this would likely be the biggest collection of shops I’d encounter.</p>

      <p><em>Shopping on the frontier... </em>Maybe I’d find a bargain.</p>

      <p>“I’ll come along,” I decided. <br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Everything’s so expensive!</em></p>

      <p>I had joined them for their trip around the market and the prices were extremely high. A single meal went for the same price as a whole day’s worth of eating at the guild in Macallan.</p>

      <p>Since I was a hero now, Roses picked up my bills, so shopping here didn’t hurt my wallet. But...maybe I was just a scrimper because everything felt all too luxurious.</p>

      <p>I checked some second-hand shops and other places for weapons or armor...but the only things I found were expensive and decorated with jewels and stuff. I didn’t come across any useful weapons, and the available equipment was just clothing for marine sports.</p>

      <p>This was a tourist hotspot, and they sold items catering to the royal family, along with other nobility. The island also had a king rank barrier around it, so there was no risk of a monster attack. All of this meant that there was nothing on sale that an average adventurer would buy. Eventually, I gave up on my search and just enjoyed the trip with Sasa and Lucy.</p>

      <p>Before we went back to the villa, we stopped for dessert—five layers of pancakes filled with fruits and cream. Incidentally, it’d cost the same as three days’ worth of food in Macallan. Resort pricing was scary...</p>

      <p>That night, I tried for the Seafloor Temple again. I didn’t even get halfway down the trench before I had to turn tail and flee.</p>

      <p><em>A big fat lot of nothing...</em></p>

      <p>I’d been in good spirits the first time I’d gone for the dungeon, but since then, I hadn’t progressed any further. Wherever I went, there were calamity level monsters that I couldn’t stand against.</p>

      <p><em>Guess I’ll have to take it slow...</em></p>

      <p>Time to go back to the basics. I thought about when I’d first gotten to Macallan... I’d had to look for somewhere to hunt goblins in the Great Forest. Back then, the key to my success had been finding a place and method that worked for me.</p>

      <p><em>All right, I’ll get plenty of sleep tonight and restore my energy.</em></p>

      <p>It was pitch-black and the curtain was drawn, but as I crawled into bed, I had a sudden thought: <em>are Lucy and Sasa going to show up again?</em></p>

      <p>They’d snuck in yesterday and the day before. It stood to reason that they’d turn up tonight as well. This room was dangerous... When I thought about how they might get in bed with me, I couldn’t calm down and sleep.</p>

      <p><em>I normally wouldn’t mind... </em>But it was different this time. I was up against one of the last dungeons, and that wasn’t something I could face on anything less than a full night’s sleep.</p>

      <p>I needed to find somewhere else to rest, so I left the room and started thinking.</p>

      <p>The first idea I had was Fujiyan’s room. However, he was engaged, so I didn’t want to get in Nina or Chris’s way.</p>

      <p>What about that bodyguard? Actually, I didn’t really know him well enough...</p>

      <p>Huh, that was everyone I could think of. Oh well, I’d just have to find an empty room...but then, someone called out to me.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, what are you doing up so late?” It was Prince Leonardo. He must have been going to the restroom or something.</p>

      <p>“I was looking for somewhere to sleep,” I replied.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t your room over there, though?”</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, my room is no longer <em>mine</em>,” I answered. After all, I had a couple of intruders every night.</p>

      <p>“R-Right... Then what about my room?” he stammered. “Ha ha, just kidd—”</p>

      <p>“I can?!” He was a lifesaver! That’s the prince, all right. He’s great!</p>

      <p>“Wh-Whaaa?! Y-You can, if you don’t mind...”</p>

      <p>“I’ll sleep on the floor,” I asserted. “Let’s go, then.”</p>

      <p>They wouldn’t be able to ambush me in the prince’s room. Safe sleeping place secured! The prince’s guard gave me an odd look as we entered, but I was a hero too, so it was fine...probably.</p>

      <p>His room was designated for royalty, so it was even bigger than mine with better furniture. Along the side of the room, there was a huge bed and a sofa. Just as I decided to crash on the couch, I felt a tug at my sleeve.</p>

      <p>“Prince Leonardo?”</p>

      <p>“Um...you’re a guest,” he said a bit hesitantly, “so making you sleep on the sofa would—”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it. We always sleep on the floor in the guild.” There weren’t even beds at my home in Macallan, but the prince didn’t seem happy about that.</p>

      <p>“U-Um! If you’d be willing, we could sleep together!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, sure. You don’t mind?” He didn’t seem to. The prince was looking at me with rosy cheeks, and I couldn’t say no. Besides, the bed looked like a king-size, and at least four adults could fit comfortably atop it.</p>

      <p>I got into bed and rolled to the side of it, using my arms as a pillow and looking up at the ceiling. Prince Leonardo hesitantly got in on the other side.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m nervous...” Prince Leonardo admitted. “I haven’t slept with someone since Sophia, back when I was younger.”</p>

      <p>“Your Highness...” By the standards of my past world, he wasn’t old enough to be out of elementary school yet, so he ought to have been spoiled more. But, maybe his position as a hero made that impossible. The world was harsh.</p>

      <p>I wanted to say something to cheer him up, but all I could think about was my adventuring. “As an adventurer,” I began, “you don’t get much privacy. A lot of us all sleep together in the guild, and when we’re out on quests or in dungeons, we camp. You have to rest in turns and keep watch because you never know when a monster might attack. We can’t really relax.”</p>

      <p>After I spoke, I gave it a bit more consideration and realized that Prince Leonardo might not understand. After all, the cultural gaps between royalty and commoners were vast.</p>

      <p>And yet, his eyes were sparkling as he asked me to recount my tales. Apparently, this was the right topic after all.</p>

      <p>“Wow! You have such a hard life?! You don’t sound like you suffer with it, though...could you tell me more?”</p>

      <p>I decided to oblige. “Which would you like to hear about, the Great Forest or Labyrinthos?”</p>

      <p>“Both of them!”</p>

      <p>What a greedy prince. I didn’t mind though, and I started telling him what I could recall, with maybe a few embellishments. By the time we fell asleep, the sun had already started to lighten the sky.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Leo, Leo. Wake up. You’re usually awake much earlier.”</p>

      <p>I was being shaken.</p>

      <p><em>Sleepy... </em>Because of my conversation with the prince, I hadn’t gotten much rest.</p>

      <p>Who was shaking me? It didn’t feel like Lucy or Sasa...</p>

      <p>“Honestly, you can be such a child—” The voice abruptly cut off, then picked back up in an incredulous tone. “Excuse me?”</p>

      <p>The covers were ripped away from me.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki? Why are you in Leo’s bed?” I’d been halfway between sleep and consciousness, but the princess’s voice woke me up with a start.</p>

      <p>She looked down at me from the side of the bed, and I looked back up at her. Both of us were silent.</p>

      <p>“Mmh... Phwah. You didn’t let me sleep last night, Makoto.” The princess and I let out strangled gasps as the prince’s high voice came from my side. His pajamas were slightly open, just showing his collarbone.</p>

      <p>He really did look just like a girl...</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto...?”</p>

      <p>I suddenly paled at her cold look and frigid voice.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s a misunderstanding!” I swore. “I didn’t sneak in!”</p>

      <p>I was a social goner at this rate!</p>

      <p>“I know,” she replied. “Leo probably wanted to speak to you. Go and wash your face.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, it wasn’t a misunderstanding. I was happy that it was cleared up though, so I rose and did as she told me before heading to the dining room.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Where were you?”</p>

      <p>“We waited all night.”</p>

      <p>Those comments from Lucy and Sasa met me at breakfast. I knew it!</p>

      <p>“I slept in Prince Leonardo’s room,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Whaaat?!”</p>

      <p>“Why?!”</p>

      <p>I brushed aside their protests and didn’t answer. Instead, I turned to the prince. “So, Prince Leonardo, I’ll be counting on you.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay...” he answered. “I’m happy to hear your stories, but you don’t mind sharing with me, right?”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. Most of all, I want to beat the Seafloor Temple, so I need to get my energy back at night.”</p>

      <p>The girls were still arguing, so I calmed them down while we finished breakfast. Once we’d eaten, the princess invited me to greet the nobles on the island. Speaking with new people was...difficult. Hard in a different way than dungeoneering.</p>

      <p>Then, as night fell, I tried my luck again.</p>

      <p>I altered the spot where I dove down, changed when I decided to explore, and watched the tide. I looked over every variable I could find, but nothing seemed like it would work.</p>

      <p>The next day, and the next, and the one after that... They were all the same.</p>

      <p><em>Am I missing something?</em> I wondered. It had been going well, but now it wasn’t. My current approach just kept failing.</p>

      <p>Noah didn’t give me any real hints either, just warnings like “Don’t go that way,” or “You’re not strong enough to beat that monster.” I guess it was too soon to try.</p>

      <p>I wanted to at least see the dungeon’s entrance though, so I kept on going.</p>

      <p>And then, our last day of vacation arrived.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>