<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Makoto Takatsuki Wanders around Horn</h1>

      <p>“Why’re you here?!” the former bodyguard demanded as he strode over.</p>

      <p>“I could ask you the same thing,” I countered. “Weren’t you fired?”</p>

      <p>Had Princess Sophia lied?</p>

      <p>“Precisely! Because of <em>you</em>, I was removed from my honored post as the princess’s guard, and I now head the palace knights!”</p>

      <p>So he hadn’t actually been fired, just forced into a post-change.</p>

      <p>Well, Sophia had specified she was having him quit as one of her <em>guards</em>. Honestly, wouldn’t patrolling the palace be much nicer than having to deal with the princess’s personality?</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see. I’d heard that His Majesty would be meeting with adventurers from Macallan. So that’s your group... I suppose that means you have been given the honor of working in the royal palace.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, no, I didn’t take the peera—”</p>

      <p>“Therefore, you are henceforth one of our comrades. Come! I shall instill the ways of knighthood within you!”</p>

      <p>There was no reasoning with this guy, and before I knew it, I found myself in what must’ve been the training grounds.</p>

      <p>I glanced around and met Lucy’s and Sasa’s eyes. <em>So they followed along.</em></p>

      <p>“Now! Choose your weapon! We even have mage staves!”</p>

      <p>Before me was an array of beat-up wooden weapons. What to do?</p>

      <p><em>Hmm,</em> I thought, using <em>RPG Player</em> to look around.</p>

      <p><em>Th-There are no elementals here at all...</em></p>

      <p>Roses was a theocratic country, so Roses Castle, in addition to being the royal palace, was also the largest church establishment. The royal family had years of religious experience here, so the influence of the Sacred Deities had seeped into every nook and cranny of the palace, making it a difficult place for elementals to live.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I didn’t accept the peerage anyway, so I’m not his comrade or whatever. I can just explain that and refuse this exercise...though that kinda grates.</em></p>

      <p>While I was thinking it over, I heard a voice from behind me. “If you want to fight Takatsuki, you’ll have to go through me first!” Sasa called as she stepped in front of me.</p>

      <p>“Who’re you? One of his friends?”</p>

      <p>“My name’s Aya Sasaki. Nice to meet you. Takatsuki is our party leader, so I’ll face you first!” she declared. Her outfit was just an average cute one though; she looked like any standard girl you’d see around town, and the man gave her an exasperated glance.</p>

      <p>“You might be an adventurer, but it goes against my code to fight little girls.” He gestured to another knight. “You, take her on.”</p>

      <p>“Sir!”</p>

      <p>He sounded pretty cool going on about his “code.” At his behest, a female knight stepped forward.</p>

      <p>“I will use this weapon,” she stated, selecting a wooden sword.</p>

      <p>Sasa stepped up to meet her and said, “I’m fine unarmed.”</p>

      <p>The knight woman looked unhappily at her. “You might get hurt... Don’t you know that each rank in swordsmanship is worth three ranks unarmed?”</p>

      <p>Honestly, that was a saying from Earth, so I wondered how <em>she</em> knew it, but maybe it was just a common conception in any world—someone with a weapon will be stronger than someone without.</p>

      <p><em>Normally, at least.</em></p>

      <p>“You say you’re an adventurer? What rank are you?” the knight inquired, readying her sword.</p>

      <p>“A stone rank? That’s right, isn’t it?” Sasa asked me.</p>

      <p>“Yup.” <em>Come on, at least remember your rank!</em></p>

      <p>Sasa held her body in a loose stance. The knights in the training ground gathered around to observe. Several of them shared sympathetic glances when they heard the word “stone.”</p>

      <p>They were probably already imagining that Sasa would lose.</p>

      <p>“Begin!” the former bodyguard yelled.</p>

      <p>“Challenging us as a stone rank is foolish...so I’ll hold back!” the knight called as she darted toward Sasa. She was moving fairly fast, and Sasa didn’t really budge. The knight swung her sword...and then went flying about five meters back, accompanied by the slightly limp sound of Sasa’s slap making contact.</p>

      <p>“Whoops. Did I overdo it?” Sasa asked, scratching her head.</p>

      <p>The bodyguard and other knights all gasped in confusion and their eyes went wide.</p>

      <p>“Nice one, Aya!” Lucy cheered, hopping from happiness.</p>

      <p><em>Well, yeah, like it’d have gone any other way,</em> I thought as I watched on calmly.</p>

      <p>Sasa looked around the training grounds. “So, who’s next? She was a bit weak.” The knights must have taken the provocation, as the air suddenly grew sharp.</p>

      <p>“You’re next, go.”</p>

      <p>“Sir!”</p>

      <p>This time it was a burly man. <em>What happened to your “code” then?</em></p>

      <p>Regardless, within fifteen seconds, he’d gone flying as well.</p>

      <p>“N-Next!”</p>

      <p>The man called out each one of his subordinate knights in turn. And, also in turn, each of them was knocked back down.</p>

      <p>“Sh-She’s so strong.”</p>

      <p>“She’s supposed to be...stone rank?”</p>

      <p>“Macallan’s adventurers are monsters...”</p>

      <p><em>Not quite...</em> Macallan was a peaceful town, with normal adventurers. Sasa was just a lamia born and raised in the middle layer of Labyrinthos. While lamiae were only medium-danger monsters, they were far more physically capable than humans. On top of that, Sasa was a reincarnated otherworlder and had stats that were about ten times higher than the stats of an average lamia. Even more than <em>that</em>, she had skills that multiplied her (already high) base speed and attack power by three.</p>

      <p>Noah had said, “In terms of physical abilities at least, Aya’s easily on the same level as a hero.”</p>

      <p>Well, Sasa had won. I was glad that she’d recognized me back in the dungeon. If she hadn’t, I’d have ended up defeated in the same way as these knights...scary.</p>

      <p>I looked around. All the knights in the training grounds had been taken down by her...except for the former bodyguard.</p>

      <p>“You’re last then,” Sasa commented, not even breathing hard.</p>

      <p><em>Man...she really is scarily strong.</em></p>

      <p>“Y-You coward!” the former bodyguard sputtered. “So you’re going to make a woman fight your battles while you watch on?! Makoto Takatsuki, fight me like a man!”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, so he’s shifting things to me? That’s not a bad plan since Sasa’s definitely our strongest fighter. Lucy and I are mages, after all.</em></p>

      <p>“Hey...what did you just say?” Sasa’s voice had lowered in anger, and the entire mood of the area changed.</p>

      <p>“A-Aya...” Lucy said, her voice shaking.</p>

      <p>“Sasa? What’s up?” I asked, trying to get her to calm down, but even I could feel the shift in atmosphere. It was the same kind of pressure that the earth dragon had been surrounded by. It was...the <em>Menace</em> skill.</p>

      <p>This skill manipulated the user’s aura to make their opponent hesitate. It was a skill only the strongest could use. I’d heard it was a specialty among beastmen, so maybe Nina had taught it to her.</p>

      <p>The fallen knights all paled and started to shake, and the first woman’s knees knocked as she fell back onto the ground. She must’ve realized just how strong an opponent she’d picked a fight with.</p>

      <p>“You said something awful to Takatsuki, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Sasa, that’s a bit exaggerated.” Once, when I’d been sharing drinks with Sasa and Lucy, I’d complained a lot about Princess Sophia’s bodyguard mocking me at the Water Temple. That was probably what Sasa was talking about. The force coming from her aura was growing stronger and stronger.</p>

      <p>“I-I, well—” the former guard couldn’t even string a sentence together.</p>

      <p>A <em>thud</em> echoed around the area.</p>

      <p>Sasa had stomped down and put her foot through the stone floor, causing cracks to spiderweb around her in circular arcs.</p>

      <p>The knights started murmuring fearfully.</p>

      <p>“No way...she broke the floor.”</p>

      <p>“Those stones are strengthened with magic...”</p>

      <p>“Crap, if she kicked us like that...we’d be dead.”</p>

      <p>Whoops, that was apparently a special floor. They weren’t going to come after us to pay for it, were they?</p>

      <p>“I’ll show you just how strong I am,” Sasa warned, getting into an actual fighting posture for the first time. It was the stance she used for her <em>Dash</em> and <em>Charge</em> skills. The same combo she’d used to blow a hole through the harpy queen.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, that’s no good... He’s gonna die.</em></p>

      <p>I was happy to see her getting so angry for me, but I didn’t want anyone to <em>die</em> over it. Just as I was stepping forward to stop her, a cold voice echoed around the area.</p>

      <p>“What is going on here?”</p>

      <p>It must have surprised her because the feeling from Sasa’s <em>Menace</em> faded.</p>

      <p><em>Phew, she stopped.</em></p>

      <p>“What is the meaning of this commotion?” Princess Sophia demanded as she looked between us and the fallen Roses knights. A sour look appeared on her face.</p>

      <p>“Otherworld heroes, while I appreciate you training with our knights, they are relatively weak, so please keep it within moderation.”</p>

      <p>We all nodded slightly.</p>

      <p>The pathetic look on the former guard’s face sure was a picture. Things were now a bit awkward, so it was probably a good idea for us to leave soon.</p>

      <p>“We should be taking our—” I tried to say, but then I was interrupted.</p>

      <p>“Um! Are you the adventurer that saved Labyrinthos?” asked a young boy from behind the princess. He looked to be about ten years old.</p>

      <p>While he did have a sword at his waist, the clothes he was wearing were of a distinctly different quality than the other knights. His shirt had a complicated pattern stitched into it, and his pants were embroidered in gold.</p>

      <p>I assumed that the boy was probably in a fairly high position.</p>

      <p>“It’s good to meet you. I’m Makoto Takatsuki, and these are my comrades Lucy J. Walker and Aya Sasaki.”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa both gave bows.</p>

      <p>“It’s nice to meet you,” greeted the boy. “I’m Leonardo Eir Roses.” He placed a hand on his chest as any noble would.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>