<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Hmmm, I see... After we went shopping, the two of you...”</p>

      <p><em>Sasa? Why are you expanding that hammer?! You shouldn’t be pointing that at a classmate!</em></p>

      <p>“You are in the holy room of the hero... This is why otherworld heroes are...”</p>

      <p>In all the time I’d known her, Princess Sophia had not given me a colder look than the one she wore now. Even some ice elementals were quickly swirling around her.</p>

      <p>Offhandedly, I thought, <em>Cool, the elementals are all stirred up. So this is what Noah meant when she said that emotions affect them. </em></p>

      <p>Wait, not the time!</p>

      <p><em>Hurry up and make an excuse, </em>Noah interjected.<em> You’re on course for a bad ending...</em></p>

      <p>“W-Wait just a minute!” Frantically, I explained what’d happened.</p>

      <p>Lucy had been roused by the commotion, and she apologized when she heard the situation. “I-I’m so sorry I fell asleep here.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it,” I told her. It was fine—we’d managed to clear up the details of what’d happened.</p>

      <p>“That’s great,” Sasa said, seeming relieved. She grabbed my arm. “I’ll sleep here tonight.”</p>

      <p>Prince Leonardo was sitting on the bed with a wide smile. “That sounds like fun!” he exclaimed. “Can I come too?”</p>

      <p>“Sure. I’ll be training, though, just so you know.” I guess those two had decided to hang out here tonight. I didn’t exactly mind.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I felt someone’s gaze on me, so I turned and saw Princess Sophia staring. “Did you want to come as well?” I asked her.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Wha?!” she sputtered. “How could you even suggest such a thing?!”</p>

      <p>Whoops, guess I pissed her off. And here I was, thinking that we were getting along now.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto,” she said, reverting to a more serious demeanor. “We have a discussion that needs to take place. Come see me this evening.” She then pivoted and left the room.</p>

      <p>Once she was gone, the other three started speaking up enthusiastically.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Takatsuki, shall we go shopping somewhere?” Sasa asked.</p>

      <p>“Come out with me today!” was Lucy’s contribution.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Let’s practice our magic,” Prince Leonardo suggested.</p>

      <p>They were all fired up! In the end, I was able to work all three into my schedule—I helped Leo with his spellwork, then went shopping with Sasa, and finally, I had tea with Lucy. Overall, it was a pretty enjoyable day.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>That evening, I found myself standing in the castle’s dungeon. The entire area was covered by an inescapable holy barrier; those who had committed wicked crimes were thoroughly trapped within...or something like that. Princess Sophia had brought me here, and I now stood in front of a cell that housed a man. Thick shackles bound his feet, linked with a hefty chain.</p>

      <p>Did his face seem familiar...?</p>

      <p>“He was the leader of the group behind the monster attack the other day,” the princess explained.</p>

      <p>“Huh...” I looked closely at the man’s face. Though we’d only spoken for a brief moment, I thought it was probably him.</p>

      <p>“What’s with you two...?” the man said, peering up at us with darkened eyes.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki is the Hero of Roses,” Princess Sophia answered. “He defeated the monster you incited.”</p>

      <p>“This brat? Damn, the awakening must have failed...”</p>

      <p>“The awakening?” That wasn’t a term I’d heard before.</p>

      <p>“The giant became a blight monster. He defeated it,” the princess stated.</p>

      <p>The man stared agape for a second before his face contorted into a hateful glare.</p>

      <p>Oh, so when a monster becomes blighted, that must be referred to as an “awakening.” Now that I understood, I decided to bring up something that’d been bothering me.</p>

      <p>“You were one of the circus clowns, weren’t you?” When I’d transformed into a clown, I’d had a conversation with someone. I wanted to confirm that the man in the cell was the same one I’d spoken to.</p>

      <p>“What are you talking about?” the man answered with a blank expression. Guess he wasn’t going to play ball.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto. Have you had contact with this cambion—the man from the Snake Sect?” asked Princess Sophia.</p>

      <p>“I saw him once when I was around the circus tent. He was with a suspicious-looking clown...” I explained. “Wait, what’s the Snake Sect?”</p>

      <p>So, this man was a cambion... Fujiyan <em>had</em> told us that the incident had been caused by them. I’d never heard of the Snake Sect, though.</p>

      <p>The man didn’t say anything more. Princess Sophia spoke up in his stead.</p>

      <p>“We have proven that the organization of cambions known as the Snake Sect was pulling the strings behind the event. They infiltrated the city and awaited their opportunity, and that clown was likely one of the sect’s upper members. We are currently pursuing him. This was all discovered by your merchant friend, Sir Fujiwara.”</p>

      <p>“That’s Fujiyan, all right.” He just never stopped! When the prisoner heard Fujiyan’s name, his face twisted with rage.</p>

      <p>“Damn! What <em>is</em> that man?!” The cambion slammed against the bars with a crash. “We’ve hidden that base for over <em>ten years</em> and he found it?!”</p>

      <p>More than ten years... So they’d been planning this. They were essentially terrorists, but thanks to Fujiyan, they were being rounded up.</p>

      <p>“The Snake Sect has pledged allegiance to the Daemon Typhon,” explained Princess Sophia. “The Great Demon Lord is said to have founded the sect a millennium ago.”</p>

      <p>“The ‘Great Demon Lord?!’ Your filthy mouths are not fit to speak of Him so lightly! Our Lord is the prophet that guides us! His miraculous revival will see you humans yanked out by your roots!” The man’s eyes were bloodshot as he hurled vitriol at us. It was kinda scary, to be honest.</p>

      <p>“Oh, by the way, Princess Sophia,” I asked. “Why did you bring me here?”</p>

      <p>“Now that you are a hero, you need to understand that monsters are not your only enemies,” she said, looking sorrowfully at me. “Most cambions are said to dwell within the ruins of Laphroaig, but some exist in other countries. If they just lived their lives, there would be no issue. However, there are those who threaten our peace. Please learn this well.”</p>

      <p>I gave a sigh. “I see...” Just defeating the Great Demon Lord wasn’t enough. Up the difficulty slider goes...</p>

      <p>“Oh, so just living our lives would be fine?!” The man was yelling, and he grabbed at the bars with clawed hands, heedless of the chains on his legs. “You root us out of our quiet existences, then exile and kill us!”</p>

      <p>“That is the past,” Princess Sophia countered. “The current policy of Roses dictates that a cambion who does no wrong will not face unreasonable discrimination upon discovery...in general.” Her expression didn’t change, but her voice grew quieter.</p>

      <p>So, cambions had been hunted here in the past...and the practice might still be happening in other countries. Though a nation might forbid state-sanctioned discrimination, their citizens’ actions were another matter.</p>

      <p>“Heed my words... Confining me here is meaningless. Our allies are countless, and your time of peace is at an end,” the man spat, cursing us.</p>

      <p>The princess’s reply was calm. “We know that your next objective is Highland’s capital. We have already informed them.”</p>

      <p>The cambion’s mouth dropped open.</p>

      <p>“How did you...”</p>

      <p>“There is no need for you to know that,” Princess Sophia said with finality. “Hero Makoto, let us depart.”</p>

      <p>At her word, the two of us left the dungeon.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Once we were back inside the castle proper, the princess apologized to me. “I am sorry. While I doubt it was a pleasant meeting, it felt necessary considering your position.”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t have a clue before, so it was definitely helpful.” Seriously, I hadn’t known any of that. It was a bit depressing... There was still a lot for me to learn, and the books in the Water Temple hadn’t contained anything about the dark history of this world.</p>

      <p>“The cambions are deserving of pity... Since the Great Demon Lord’s death, they have faced persecution on the western continent and have been ostracized from the northern continent... Over the last millennium, they have been pushed into a nomadic lifestyle, with no country of their own, facing discrimination the entire way.”</p>

      <p>“The northern continent’s for demons, so why can’t they live there?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Pure demons look down on cambions. They call them demi-demons.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” I gave another sigh. So they couldn’t live with humanity or with demons... That was a hard life.</p>

      <p>“With no lands to call their own, they have supported themselves with a heretical religion.”</p>

      <p>“What? Heretical?” I asked, jumping.</p>

      <p><em>She doesn’t mean us, </em>Noah interjected in my mind. <em>She’s talking about the snake god.</em></p>

      <p>Oh, <em>that’s</em> what she meant. Thank you, goddess. That was a nasty scare.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter?” Princess Sophia inquired.</p>

      <p>“N-No, I’m fine,” I said, before steering the topic of conversation in a different direction. “So, the cambions follow the snake god?”</p>

      <p>“‘Snake god’ is an epithet for the Daemon Typhon. Legends say that the Great Demon Lord was Typhon’s disciple, and those same legends aided in spreading the moniker.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s the history behind it,” I mused. I needed to get everything together mentally... It would be difficult to remember it all at once. “By the way, are they really trying to go after Highland’s capital?”</p>

      <p>“That information also came from your companion, Lord Fujiwara. I do not know the specifics, but investigations by Highland have revealed evidence of a plot...”</p>

      <p>“A plot, huh...” Considering that I’d be heading there soon, this news didn’t exactly inspire confidence.</p>

      <p>“We will provide you as much protection as we can,” she reassured me.</p>

      <p>“You don’t need to go that far.” Things would actually be more dangerous for her; she was a princess being targeted by terrorists, which was a truly perilous position to be in.</p>

      <p><em>Still, though...</em> I reflected on how race and religion seemed to be deep-rooted issues in both this world and my old one. Considering that I also followed a goddess I couldn’t admit to, this whole issue was pretty close to home.</p>

      <p><em>Actually, I should check on that, just in case.</em></p>

      <p>“In Roses, is it forbidden to believe in a deity other than the water goddess?” I asked. That’s what I’d heard from Noah, at least.</p>

      <p>“No. People are free to have their own beliefs.”</p>

      <p>“What?” <em>Noah! You’ve got it wrong!</em></p>

      <p>“There are a large number of adventurers and travelers in Roses, so restricting religion would mean that fewer people would come to our country,” Princess Sophia explained. “However, <em>spreading</em> the belief system of any god but Eir is forbidden. Anyone found to be doing so is exiled, or, if their intentions are malicious...punished severely.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.” So the belief itself wasn’t restricted, but recruiting people to your religion was. Gathering more believers for Noah would be illegal. I was glad I’d checked.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto, you believe in a deity outside of the six grand goddesses, yes?” asked Princess Sophia.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah, a minor goddess...” When I’d been granted my hero title, officials of Roses had suggested that I convert, but I’d refused and told them that I followed another goddess.</p>

      <p>“If you converted, then I could ask Eir for the greatest blessings she could bestow... But that would be an insult to your faith. Forget I said anything.”</p>

      <p>She was indeed an earnest soul. But I didn’t want to convert, so I was grateful for her discretion.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally,” she said, changing the subject, “Leo will be coming to your room tonight, it seems. I offer my apologies for the disturbance.”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. We’re just going to practice magic.”</p>

      <p>“You really are diligent,” she told me with a smile. “Your otherworld friends that used to reside in Roses simply played around while they were here.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha... Well, they were strong without training.” Thinking back to Okada and Kitayama brought back some fond—and not so fond—memories. <em>I wonder what they’re doing now. Probably chasing tail in some other country...</em></p>

      <p>“I would not be so sure of their strength. I doubt that they would be able to defeat a blight monster.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I suppose that’s a high hurdle to clear,” I remarked with a laugh. “Anyway, I need to train every day because my stats are so weak to begin with.”</p>

      <p>“Um, I do not want Leo to impose on you for too long, so I will come to fetch him at a reasonable time,” she offered hesitantly.</p>

      <p>To be honest, I wouldn’t care if he just stayed. “You don’t need to worry about that. If anything, I wouldn’t mind if you came along too. I’d like to hear more about that Snake Sect and the Northern Front Plan.”</p>

      <p>She gasped, then spoke in a hard, resolute tone. “V-Very well. I shall, then!”</p>

      <p>Maybe I made her angry? I guess inviting the princess directly was disrespectful.</p>

      <p>“Actually, I shoul—”</p>

      <p>“Until later, then,” she interrupted with an elegant bow. In the next instant, she was gliding away with light steps.</p>

      <p>Well, whatever. A proper talk would bring us closer...probably.</p>

      <p>And it did—that night, the two of us had a long conversation.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>