<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Thank you for picking up volume 2 of <em>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles</em>. If you’re jumping in here for the first time, welcome. If you’ve been following since volume 1, welcome back.</p>

      <p>While my goal for volume 1 was to show off my protagonist as a cool and capable warrior, for volume 2 I harnessed every scrap of my modest intellect to portray him as a cunning strategist. I hope that came across, and I hope you enjoyed the result. As long as you had a good time reading this book, I could dance for joy.</p>

      <p>With the military aspects of the story coming to the fore, this volume expanded the character list quite a bit, with new faces both major and minor. I have a habit of inflating the male side of the roster when left unsupervised, which causes my editor, S-sama, no end of grief. I can only apologize. I don’t even realize I’m doing it; I just keep writing men! Still, quite a few male characters didn’t survive this volume, which gives me a good excuse to fill the gaps with some attractive female characters. I hope you look forward to that.</p>

      <p>Oh, I almost forgot. Were you aware that there’s a thing called “After the Afterword” on the official Overlap Bunko homepage? Artheus is showing off his best brotherly side over there, so please take a look if you’re interested.</p>

      <p>Anyway, I’m starting to push my character count, so that’s enough babbling to myself. I have people to thank.</p>

      <p>To Miyuki Ruria-sama, who produced such beautiful illustrations for the second book running and brought out all of my characters’ best sides; to my long-suffering editor, S-sama, who so graciously allows me to make edits right up to the eleventh hour; to everybody in the editorial department, the proofreaders and the designers; and to everybody else involved in the creation of this book, thank you.</p>

      <p>And thank you in particular to those returning from volume 1, as well as those who followed my Shosetsuka ni Naro uploads. If it weren’t for you, this book would not exist. I plan to keep on churning out chuunibyou from here on out, so I hope you’ll stick around.</p>

      <p>May our paths cross again someday.</p>

      <p class="signature">奉 (Tatematsuri)</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>