<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Drunk and Disorderly</h2>

      <p>“Got that? Hm? Or should I beat it into you?”</p>

      <p>One of Aura’s petite hands held a glass while the other smacked the man’s bald head over and over. Her drunken grin didn’t quite reach her eyes, and the contempt in her gaze would strike terror into anyone’s heart.</p>

      <p>“Lady Aura, you will not slander my magnificent person so!”</p>

      <p>The man glared up at her in between smacks, but kneeling submissively as he was, he didn’t come off quite as intimidating as he might have liked.</p>

      <p><em>Pathetic</em>, Hiro thought, <em>to think the third prince would be reduced to this...</em></p>

      <p>“‘My magnifishent pershon,’ is it? And what would you be without me? A headless corpsh, thatsh what.”</p>

      <p>The four of them were alone in a private chamber reserved for powerful nobles. That was the only reason Aura’s tirade had gone unpunished, but that only seemed to embolden her.</p>

      <p>“You are insulting the mighty Third Prince Brutahl, soon to be the...the mightiest emperor of the mighty Grantzian Empire!” A vein throbbed on Brutahl’s forehead.</p>

      <p>Aura smacked his bald pate again. “And if Third Prinsh Brutahl had any sensh, he would shut up and shtop calling himself ‘mighty.’ Or at least exshpand his vocabulary.”</p>

      <p>The man ground his teeth. “I will not stand for this impertinence!”</p>

      <p>“Please forgive her, Your Highness.” The long-suffering von Spitz bowed his head in Aura’s place. “She has had a little too much to drink.”</p>

      <p>“I fixshed the war that you shtarted and I reshtored the Third Legion’s reputation that you ruined and now you’ve shpoiled all my hard work, you idiot, you imbeshile, you king of all boneheads!” Aura didn’t even pause for breath. Her open-handed chop caught Brutahl square in the dome.</p>

      <p>That was the final straw. The prince stood up, glowering with indignation. “You will not address your commander so! I did only what I believed would benefit the western houses!” He fell to his knees and began to weep, smacking his fist against the floor. Apparently, he was a sad drunk. The chiseled set of his face only made the sight more pitiful.</p>

      <p>Aura’s tirade was unrelenting. “Then you thought wrong! And if you think shaving your head in penansh will win you any favor with Hish Highnesh, you don’t even know your own father!”</p>

      <p><em>Smack smack smack smack smack.</em> Brutahl’s head was turning red as a tomato, but still he protested. “My aides advised me to demonstrate my remorse through action!”</p>

      <p>“By winning victoriesh, you dolt, not by shaving your head! Nobody wants your shtupid hair!”</p>

      <p>“I-Is that what they meant?” Brutahl’s jaw hung slack, as though he had been slapped across the face. He hung his head.</p>

      <p>Aura’s gaze swiveled to Hiro. “And don’t think I’ve forgotten about you!”</p>

      <p>“Me? What did I do?”</p>

      <p>She set a finger to her chin in thought. After some time to choose her words: “You try to carry everything on your own shoulders. Shtop it.”</p>

      <p>Hiro chuckled. “I guess you’ve got me there.”</p>

      <p>Not that her warning would stop him. Wherever plunging into the fray would save lives, he would do it. To watch others suffer on his behalf was painful. To watch them die for his cause was intolerable. His power was not yet absolute, but someday, he would be strong enough to save everyone. That was the reason he had sought strength in the first place.</p>

      <p>Aura sighed heavily. It seemed that she’d read his mind. “That’sh shtupid, and you know it. You’ll bring shorrow to the same people you’re trying to help.” Her eyelashes quivered as her eyes hardened with conviction. “Shomeday, I’ll fix those boneheaded ideas. But until then, don’t do anything recklesh.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll try.” Hiro smiled sheepishly. He was dodging the issue and he knew it.</p>

      <p>With another exasperated sigh, Aura turned back to Prince Brutahl to find the man sprawled on the floor, muttering to himself. He had thoroughly passed out.</p>

      <p>“And I had the perfect chance too. All washted.” Aura glared at Hiro with naked accusation, although it had been her who had pushed the man to the brink. “Well, it doesn’t matter. Another time.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll look forward to it.” Hiro nodded. Turning her down seemed like more trouble than it was worth.</p>

      <p>“A toast, then, to our future reunion.” Von Spitz approached, wine in hand, an amiable smile on his face.</p>

      <p>Aura took up her own drink. Hiro was too young for liquor, but he raised his water high. The gentle clink of their glasses pealed through the room.</p>

      <p>“To our reunion!”</p>

      <p>The night grew later, and the stars shone brighter, as though blessing the hopes and dreams of men.</p>

      <h2>Dreams of a White Wolf</h2>

      <p>“Who are you?”</p>

      <p>Hiro opened the door to the study on the third floor of Berg Fortress to find an unfamiliar girl yawning beneath a pile of books.</p>

      <p>“Hm?” She cocked her head at him, uncomprehending.</p>

      <p>Her hair was white, her eyes were ocher brown, and her shapely figure could not help but elicit a gasp. Moreover, she was entirely naked, with not a single scrap of cloth to protect her modesty.</p>

      <p>“Umm...” Hiro began. “How did you get in? If you’re looking for the baths, they’re downstairs.”</p>

      <p>This seemed like something he didn’t want to get involved with. Better to get her out of his hair so he could get back to reading.</p>

      <p>“I hate baths,” the girl snapped.</p>

      <p>Hiro frowned. “I don’t know how to say this but...why aren’t you wearing anything if you’re not looking for the baths?”</p>

      <p>She shook her head emphatically. “I don’t wear clothes.”</p>

      <p>So she walked around naked all the time? For a moment, Hiro was speechless, but then a thought struck him.</p>

      <p>“One of our soldiers didn’t snatch you, did they?”</p>

      <p>The Duchy of Lichtein’s invasion had thrown Berg Fortress and the surrounding settlements into disarray. It wouldn’t have been surprising for some of the troops to get up to no good in the chaos. This girl was certainly pretty enough to catch an unscrupulous soldier’s eye.</p>

      <p>“Do you remember who took you?”</p>

      <p>Commonfolk or nobleborn, that was not a crime that could be overlooked.</p>

      <p>“It’s all right. I won’t let them hurt you. Can you tell me who it was?”</p>

      <p>The girl let slip another yawn, then tilted her head thoughtfully. “Liz,” she said at last. “With the red hair.”</p>

      <p>“You have to be kidding...”</p>

      <p>She wouldn’t...would she? It was hard to imagine Liz violating the law in any way, let alone for <em>that</em>. Gears ground in Hiro’s brain as he found himself with a dilemma on his hands.</p>

      <p>“If she’s losing her way, I have to nudge her back onto the right path.”</p>

      <p>As he made up his mind to give Liz a stern talking to, the white-haired girl’s hand fell on his shoulder. At some point, she had moved to stand by his side. He turned to face her, then immediately looked away; he didn’t quite have the nerve to openly stare at a girl in the nude.</p>

      <p>“A-Anyway, how about we get you some clothes? You must be freezing.”</p>

      <p>“Mmm...”</p>

      <p>“Right? That’s why— Oof!”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s voice turned into a yelp as the girl pushed him over. Something soft pressed against his chest. Sensing danger, he tried to extricate himself, but her arms wrapped around his body, preventing his escape. At the end of the day, she was a girl and he was a boy; he could have broken out if he’d tried, but—</p>

      <p>“Hey... Hey! Hold it! What are you doing?!”</p>

      <p>As her hand slipped inside his uniform, she bent down to gently lick his cheek. Her tongue glistened red on the fringe of his vision.</p>

      <p>“The same thing I always do.”</p>

      <p>“The same...?! I don’t even know who you are!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, you do. We do this all the time.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t know what you’re talking about! Now get off me! What if Liz sees?!” Hiro shuddered to imagine the disgust in the princess’s stare.</p>

      <p>“She won’t mind.”</p>

      <p>“Try telling her that!”</p>

      <p>“Try telling me what?”</p>

      <p>As Hiro tussled with the white-haired girl, a shadow fell over him. There was no mistaking that voice. He looked up to see Liz practically glowing with rage, her fists clenched in fury.</p>

      <p>“I see <em>someone’s</em> enjoying himself.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not what it looks like!” Hiro protested. “Besides, she wouldn’t even be here if you hadn’t—”</p>

      <p>“No excuses!”</p>

      <p>“Guh!” Hiro grunted as her fist smacked squarely into his face. He sat up, nursing his cheek. “Ouch! What did you do that...for...?”</p>

      <p>His teary-eyed whimper trailed away as he looked around.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Liz?”</p>

      <p>He scanned the room, but Liz was nowhere to be seen. There was only a book lying on top of his head and Cerberus curled up at his feet, looking up at him blithely. He rubbed his forehead and cracked a sheepish smile.</p>

      <p>“Just a dream, huh?”</p>

      <p>“<em>Ruff!</em>”</p>

      <p>If he hadn’t known better, he would have sworn the white wolf’s bark sounded faintly amused.</p>

      <h2>A Widow’s Wiles</h2>

      <p>It was the dead of night when Hiro woke from restless sleep, and the wind was pawing at the windowpane like a whining beast. He was lying on a sumptuously decorated bed with an ornate chair and desk nearby. Beside that, the room was empty. The lack of furnishings left it looking, if not threadbare, at least a little forlorn.</p>

      <p><em>Rosa must have gone somewhere...</em></p>

      <p>The young widow who had fallen asleep by his side was nowhere to be seen. Hiro eased himself from the bed, stretching his neck, and approached the desk. He filled a glass from the carafe of water and drained it in a single gulp.</p>

      <p>“Huh. I wonder how they keep it so cold?”</p>

      <p>His words had been meant for himself, but the shadows in the corner of the room stirred in answer. He jumped back, alarmed, to see a servant sinking into a bow.</p>

      <p>“Who are you?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“I am one of the mistress’s ladies-in-waiting.” The woman said only that before falling silent once more.</p>

      <p>Hiro smiled awkwardly. He glanced down at his glass. “Did you leave this?”</p>

      <p>“I did indeed. We are commanded to replace the mistress’s water periodically to ensure it stays cold.” She opened the door and gestured toward the hallway. “You have been sweating in your slumber, Your Highness. You will only stain the sheets if you return to sleep now. A bath has been drawn for you, if you would like.”</p>

      <p>Hiro opened his mouth to refuse, but the Black Camellia tightened around his throat. <em>Take a bath,</em> it seemed to say.</p>

      <p>“I might just do that. Maybe I am a bit sweaty...”</p>

      <p>He wasn’t certain, but if his longtime partner was that insistent, who was he to refuse?</p>

      <p>“Very good. Please follow me.”</p>

      <p>The lady-in-waiting stepped out into the corridor. In short order, she led him to the mansion’s balnea. Hiro parted ways with her at the door to the changing room, stripped off the Black Camellia, and strode into the steam-filled baths. He whistled as he looked around.</p>

      <p>“Did they boil all this specially for me?”</p>

      <p>The bath itself could easily have seated ten people. Heating that much water could not have been an easy task, but then, the great houses weren’t known for half measures.</p>

      <p>Hiro groaned with pleasure as he sank into the water. “It’s no hot spring, but it sure is nice...”</p>

      <p>It was hard to suppress a pang of longing for Berg Fortress. He might have gone to sleep on the spot, but at that moment, he saw movement in the steam. A human silhouette approached through the haze. For a moment, he wondered who it could be—the servant hadn’t warned him to expect company—but then he saw, and blanched.</p>

      <p>“So it is you. I did wonder who could be using my balnea at this hour.” Rosa stood in front of him, making no particular effort to cover herself. Her voluptuous curves glistened seductively, hidden only by the steam. “I’m impressed you found this place.”</p>

      <p>Her cheeks were a little pink, but it was hard to tell whether that was from embarrassment or simply the heat.</p>

      <p>“Your lady-in-waiting said I should take a bath...although she didn’t mention you’d be here too.”</p>

      <p>Rosa burst out laughing. “She did, did she? I see, I see!” She moved to stand beside him, wiping tears from her eyes. “Please don’t think ill of her. She can be a little...proactive, shall we say, on my behalf, but she means no harm.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind, but aren’t you going to cover yourself up?”</p>

      <p>“Why? We’re lovers now, aren’t we? Whatever would the court think to see you so scared of my body?” She cupped her ample breasts in her hands. “Did you know a woman’s chest floats in water? Liz used to go green with envy every time we took a bath together.”</p>

      <p>Come to think of it, Hiro <em>had</em> found Liz holed up in Berg Fortress’s study, poring over books on female anatomy...</p>

      <p>“Can’t tear your eyes away, hm? I do pride myself on my volume.”</p>

      <p>Hiro hadn’t even realized it, but his eyes had been glued to Rosa’s chest. He hurriedly turned his back. “I didn’t mean to—”</p>

      <p>“Now, now, don’t be like that. I’ll come over all bashful.” Rosa pressed herself against him, pushing her breasts into his back.</p>

      <p>“I-I should go!”</p>

      <p>Hiro tried to step up out of the bath, but Rosa’s grip on his wrist snatched his feet from under him. As he tried to regain his balance, he collapsed hands-first into the twin mounds of her chest. The softness made his head spin.</p>

      <p>Rosa pouted. “Not <em>quite</em> so hard! That hurts, you know.”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m sorry! I didn’t mean...” Hiro sprang away.</p>

      <p>A sly smile crept across her face. “Be gentler this time.”</p>

      <p>“Right. Got it.” Without thinking, Hiro stretched out his hands, but then his eyes widened and he pulled them back. “Hey! I’m not falling for that!”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha ha! What’s the hurry? Come now, enjoy your bath. A night can last a long time, especially in the capital.”</p>

      <p>Hiro obediently sank back into the water, but Rosa’s wiles would soon make him wish that he had left right there and then.</p>

      <h2>The Archpriestess, the Princess, and the Boy: Redux</h2>

      <p>“Well met, Master Hiro. I hope you are not finding your new life too taxing.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all.” Hiro’s smile was slightly stiff.</p>

      <p>The álfen woman did not seem to believe him. She drew closer, cupping his cheeks in her hands. “You are quite certain that you are in good health?”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s face burned. Her delicate arms would be easy enough to brush aside, but the archpriestess of Frieden was not so easily refused. Laying hands on her could spark a diplomatic incident—not to mention alarm her retinue of knight-priestesses, who would be quick to draw their swords.</p>

      <p>Even Liz knew better than to intervene. Still, that didn’t stop her from glaring. As the archpriestess’s ministrations continued, she eventually reached the limit of her patience.</p>

      <p>“Haven’t you prodded him enough?”</p>

      <p>The crimson-haired girl’s anger washed off the archpriestess’s blithe smile. “Why, Your Highness, I hadn’t noticed you. Do you know, I must have mistaken you for an open flame somebody carelessly left in a grate.”</p>

      <p>The odd turn of phrase drew a perplexed look from Hiro, but the álfen woman only put a finger to her lips and smiled.</p>

      <p>Liz’s mouth pursed ever so slightly. “Well,” she said, “I wonder what your followers would think to see you start your day ogling a man’s body.”</p>

      <p>“They would be overjoyed to see an archpriestess of Frieden reunited with the Spirit King’s chosen champion, Emperor Schwartz—through his descendent, Master Hiro, of course.”</p>

      <p>Hiro sighed wearily as the two glared at one another. He and Liz weren’t in Baum to argue. They had returned with a handful of bodyguards to recover the soldiers who had been wounded crossing Mount Himmel.</p>

      <p>“Right!” Liz announced. “Time’s wasting.” She sidled up to Hiro and hooked her arm pointedly through his. “But we should be heading back to Berg Fortress. Thank you ever so much for treating our men.”</p>

      <p>The archpriestess’s smile never faded, but the warmth seemed to drain from it. She shook her head serenely. “Must you hurry home? Your guards must be exhausted from the journey, and dinner is already on the table. Will you not rest here awhile?”</p>

      <p>Delighted murmurs rose from the soldiers at their backs, although they were quickly silenced by a glare from Liz.</p>

      <p>The princess turned back to the archpriestess. “We’re flattered, but our provisions will be more than enough, and we will have plenty of opportunities for rest on the way.”</p>

      <p>“Are you certain that is wise?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. Why wouldn’t it be?”</p>

      <p>“Your companion seems rather set on staying.”</p>

      <p>The archpriestess gestured toward the entrance of the Spirit King’s sanctum, her smile widening. Hiro and Liz followed her gaze.</p>

      <p>“Here you are, Lady Cerberus. The finest cuts, fresh off the bone!”</p>

      <p>“Have you heard of redsalt? You can only get it here in Baum, but it brings out the flavor of meat like nothing else!”</p>

      <p>“You—!” So that was where Cerberus had gone. Apparently, the white wolf had been busy being bribed by the archpriestess’s attendant knight-priestesses.</p>

      <p>“What are you doing?! Get back here this instant!”</p>

      <p>Liz’s protests fell on deaf ears and a wagging tail. She watched in mute betrayal as Cerberus vanished into the sanctum, enticed by the fragrance of cooked meat.</p>

      <p>The archpriestess turned back. “It seems the matter is settled. You will be joining us for dinner after all, I take it?”</p>

      <p>Liz kicked at the ground like a sulking child. “Why does Cerberus always think with her stomach?”</p>

      <p>“Follow me, Master Hiro.” The archpriestess seized Hiro’s arm and pulled him along.</p>

      <p>“Hold it right there! You can’t take him anywhere without my permission!”</p>

      <p>“You speak of him as though he were your property. If that is how the royal family view their subjects, the future of the empire is bleak indeed. How Emperor Artheus would weep to see what his bloodline has become.”</p>

      <p>Liz ground her teeth. “Fine! Fine. We’ll stay a <em>short</em> while and no longer.”</p>

      <p>If Hiro’s memories were anything to go by, Artheus had been far more headstrong than Liz. He would never have offered even that small compromise.</p>

      <p>“Very good. I shall attend to Master Hiro, of course.”</p>

      <p>“Over my dead body!”</p>

      <p>The two continued to bicker with Hiro sandwiched between them. As the trio crossed the threshold of the Spirit King’s sanctum, a gentle breeze blew past, and for just a moment, the rustling of the branches sounded like Artheus’s laughter.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>