<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“So would I, I suppose.”</p>

      <p>“But she’s making sure to spread the story that flatters you. I’m impressed. With her, not you. What you did was idiotic.”</p>

      <p>“I guess I deserve that.”</p>

      <p>“Just don’t let your guard down again.” Aura breathed an exasperated sigh. She looked down at Hiro’s jacket. “What about the Black Camellia? Didn’t it try to protect your virtue?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think we’re on good terms right now.”</p>

      <p>“The spirit inside, you mean.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’m sure she’d defend me if my life was actually in danger, but otherwise, I think I’m on my own.”</p>

      <p>“A singular spirit.”</p>

      <p>“You’re telling me,” Hiro sighed.</p>

      <p>The Black Camellia had been much more agreeable a thousand years ago, although that had abruptly changed when Excalibur had bestowed him with its favor. Thereafter, she had developed a decidedly petulant streak.</p>

      <p><em>And then I left her to gather dust for a thousand years.</em></p>

      <p>In that sense, it was a miracle that she was allowing him to wear her at all—or at least, without tightening his collar about eight inches.</p>

      <p>As he looked his uniform over, Aura noticed the letter in his hand.</p>

      <p>“What’s that?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“This? A letter from the emperor.”</p>

      <p>“Haven’t you read it yet?”</p>

      <p>“I figured I’d have a wash first. I wanted to wake myself up a bit. Besides, I can guess what it says.”</p>

      <p>Aura nodded. “He’ll want you to join the attack on Lichtein.”</p>

      <p>“The people will call him a coward if he doesn’t retaliate, and the nobles won’t be happy either. And at worst, all he stands to lose is a few other nations’ approval.”</p>

      <p>Hiro opened the envelope and scanned the letter. The contents were more or less what he’d expected, although several points jumped out at him.</p>

      <p>“Hmm,” he mused.</p>

      <p>“As you expected?”</p>

      <p>“Pretty much. He wants me to prove myself.”</p>

      <p>“A suitable challenge for your first campaign.”</p>

      <p>The Duchy of Lichtein had been teetering on the brink of collapse ever since their disastrous invasion several weeks prior. With fifteen thousand men sent over the border and nothing to show for it, Duke Lichtein’s standing was falling fast. The slightest show of force would send his nobles scrambling to surrender.</p>

      <p>“It says the new commander of the Fourth Legion is General von Kilo. He’s leading a force of ten thousand over the border. Liz will be with them.”</p>

      <p>The Fourth Legion’s original commander, High General von Loeing, had joined the first prince in house arrest for misconduct. Presumably, he had since been replaced.</p>

      <p>“And you?” Aura asked.</p>

      <p>“I’m meant to hurry south and meet up with them en route, where I’ll join the general’s advisors. I guess the emperor wants to see how I do helping finish the duchy off after they’ve already been softened up.”</p>

      <p>“An easy enough role to play.”</p>

      <p>“Should be. Then I suppose we’ll annex the north of Lichtein and leverage that into a peace deal.”</p>

      <p>“Correct. Conquering the duchy would destroy the slave market.”</p>

      <p>Hiro gave an exaggerated shrug. “I almost feel bad for them, knowing that’s the only reason we keep them around.”</p>

      <p>He lowered his eyes to the letter once more. There was one more detail that intrigued him: the final line, which he had not discussed with Aura.</p>

      <p><em>That must be why the chancellor said it was for my eyes only.</em></p>

      <p>He couldn’t imagine that Aura would tell anybody else, but the walls had ears here in the imperial palace. He folded the letter back into the envelope, taking care to let his expression give nothing away. Instead, he finally voiced the question that had been bothering him ever since Aura first made her appearance.</p>

      <p>“So what are you doing here, anyway?”</p>

      <p>She was Third Prince Brutahl’s chief strategist. Her appearance at Countess von Kelheit’s mansion risked starting all sorts of undesirable rumors.</p>

      <p>“I know what you’re thinking, and that won’t happen.”</p>

      <p>“So you came here in secret?”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t need to.”</p>

      <p>Hiro cocked his head.</p>

      <p>“It doesn’t matter that I’m here,” she explained. “You’ve brought the court to a standstill.”</p>

      <p>“You mean everyone’s too busy gossiping about me?”</p>

      <p>“In a sense. Say somebody tried to start a rumor that I’d defected to you. Everybody else would have to close ranks and deny it. Otherwise, the more nervous nobles might start flocking to House Kelheit.”</p>

      <p>Aura held a great deal of sway among the nobility. They regarded her stellar military career, capped off with an almost single-handed defeat of Faerzen, with admiration. To spread gossip about her risked starting a chain reaction among those who were waiting to see which way the wind was blowing.</p>

      <p>“Things aren’t like they were yesterday. Now, everything’s uncertain. Nobody wants to risk stirring the pot.” Aura paused. “Anyway. I’m here because I’m leaving shortly. I came to say goodbye.”</p>

      <p>“Are you heading back west?”</p>

      <p>“I am. What’s left of Faerzen’s army isn’t going quietly. The emperor wants me to quash the insurgency.”</p>

      <p>“I’d hoped you’d be able to show me around the capital, but I guess we’re both too busy.”</p>

      <p>“I would have liked that. Another time, perhaps.” Aura dipped her head. “I’ll write,” she said, then turned around and walked away.</p>

      <p>It would have been nice to say goodbye to von Spitz, but the man likely had his own preparations to attend to. Hiro was far from free either. He had to make for Berg Fortress with all haste. Resolving to meet up at a later date, he returned inside and asked a maid the way to the dining room. She directed him to a chamber with a large door, which the servant standing before it opened for him with a bow.</p>

      <p>“Sorry about that,” he announced as he entered. “I took a little longer than I expected.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all. Please.” Rosa gestured to the chair beside her. Once he was seated, she clapped her hands sharply. A procession of maids filed from a door in the western wall—presumably leading to the kitchens—and laid an array of dishes silently on the table.</p>

      <p>Before picking up his knife and fork, Hiro turned to Rosa. “The emperor wants me to join the attack on Lichtein. I’ll be leaving after breakfast.”</p>

      <p>“I thought you might.” Rosa nodded. “Well, the least I can do is give you a royal send-off.”</p>

      <p>She did not look surprised. In fact, she seemed to have anticipated what he would say.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Hiro finished his breakfast and exited the mansion to find a great crowd of nobles waiting outside. As soon as they saw him, they fell to one knee in unison. Any onlooker would have been astonished to see so many worthies of the empire bowing their heads before one young boy, and indeed, the platoons of guards patrolling the palace estate looked on slack-jawed from afar.</p>

      <p>Taking care not to let his confusion show, Hiro cast a glance at Rosa, who was standing beside him in her military uniform.</p>

      <p>“I called on the eastern nobles who happened to be in the capital,” she explained. “Just a small affair, you understand.”</p>

      <p>“This is small?”</p>

      <p>She could not have summoned this many nobles on short notice. This had been planned. To mobilize this many people without raising the suspicions of the other houses was a stunning feat of intrigue. It must have taken an extraordinary amount of preparation.</p>

      <p>Rosa laid a hand on an astounded Hiro’s shoulder. “Shall we be off, my dear Black Prince?”</p>

      <p>Hiro winced at the moniker. It seemed Aura had not made that part up.</p>

      <p>A luxurious carriage rolled up before them. One of the nobles stood. “Please, Your Highness,” he said as he opened the door for them.</p>

      <p>Hiro climbed inside the carriage, took a seat on the sofa, and breathed a heavy sigh.</p>

      <p>“Can I ask you something?”</p>

      <p>His question could only have been directed at one person: Rosa, sat opposite him with her uniform bursting at the seams. She crossed her legs and cocked her head, her face impassive.</p>

      <p>“Whatever you like.” She had a way of infusing every gesture with a polished grace. She had claimed to be the former third princess; that was clearly no lie.</p>

      <p>“How long have you been planning all of this?” Within Hiro’s eyes gleamed an acuity that would brook no deception or misdirection.</p>

      <p>Rosa gave him a guilty smile. “Since Liz sent her letter. I saw the opportunity right away. I could rid myself of those accursed suitors and rescue my house in one fell swoop.”</p>

      <p>“And what if I had turned to be a pretender?”</p>

      <p>“Then I had arranged for my house to resume its support for Liz.”</p>

      <p>“What about finding a husband?”</p>

      <p>“I would have taken in an orphan and passed them off as my late husband’s bastard child. As I told you before, I’m no loose woman.”</p>

      <p>“It sounds like you have more reasons for siding with me than you told me yesterday.”</p>

      <p>Rosa sighed. “Was it that obvious?”</p>

      <p>“More or less. You’d need better reasons than that to bet such careful plans on me.”</p>

      <p>Hiro looked out the window to find the view transformed. The eastern nobles’ private forces had joined their carriage, no doubt on Rosa’s instructions. Every soldier’s armor was decorated with their liege’s heraldry, and the standards fluttering above them bore the same. One flag, however, stood out among the rest: Hiro’s own, with its dragon clutching a silver sword on a black field. Taking wing in the cloudless sky, it made for a striking sight.</p>

      <p>Hiro returned his gaze to Rosa to find that her face had taken on a serious cast.</p>

      <p>“Tell me,” she said. “When you look at the Grantzian Empire, what do you see?”</p>

      <p>“A strong nation,” Hiro replied. “Although maybe stretched a little thin.”</p>

      <p>“It’ll get thinner. His Majesty has his sights set on conquering all of Soleil.”</p>

      <p>Hiro frowned. “The empire’s large enough already. If it gets any bigger, the emperor’s authority won’t reach its borders. It’s struggling enough as it is.”</p>

      <p>Rosa nodded. “The last emperor—my grandfather—would have agreed with you. But the current one is intent on making himself the thirteenth Divine.”</p>

      <p>“He wants to become a god?”</p>

      <p>“History is made by human hands. Gods are no different. But even an emperor would have to accomplish a feat worthy of a deity for the people to accept him as one.”</p>

      <p>“And he thinks the unification of Soleil will be that feat?”</p>

      <p>“The first emperor became Zertheus, the First God, when he founded the empire. The second emperor became Mars, the War God, when he brought peace to the realm. All of our gods were once emperors who, in one way or another, made great contributions to our nation. With the exception of one goddess, of course, who never sat the throne.” Rosa paused. “And the current emperor hopes to join their ranks by achieving the one thing they never could.”</p>

      <p>“So what does that have to do with you supporting me?” Hiro asked.</p>

      <p>“Nobody lives forever, not even an emperor. What if he dies before realizing his dream? The future would suddenly become very uncertain. It seems prudent to prepare, just in case.” Rosa spread her arms wide. “The empire has grown as large as it can. We can’t stretch ourselves any further. Any more land that we take, we’ll struggle to hold. Things will start to fray, and before we know it, we’ll find ourselves mired in civil war.”</p>

      <p>She undid the top button of her uniform and seemed to breathe a little easier.</p>

      <p>“Right now, what we need most of all is stability. A leader who will turn their gaze inward, not outward. My late husband hoped that Liz could be that leader. She was still immature, physically and mentally, but her heart was pure, and it showed her a clear vision for the empire’s future. Despite her failings, with the right advisors at her side, she would make a fine empress—or so he decided. And then he was murdered.”</p>

      <p>She clenched her fist and lifted her gaze to the palace beyond the window.</p>

      <p>“And as I sat by, watching all our efforts come undone, Liz’s enemies took advantage of my weakness to ship her off to a border province. A stupid mistake on my part. I can’t tell you how grateful I am to you for saving her in her hour of need. When I read her letter, I cried with joy. And at the same time, I realized I could use you.”</p>

      <p>“To seat Liz on the throne,” Hiro said.</p>

      <p>“For what it’s worth, I do feel bad about it.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all. Honestly, it suits me just fine.”</p>

      <p>Hiro had never nursed any ambitions of becoming emperor. Aside from anything else, he might return to Earth at any time. To claim the throne himself would risk inviting chaos.</p>

      <p>Rosa gave a wry smile. “Well. Emperors, too, are made by human hands, whether they like it or not.” She leveled a pale finger at Hiro. “You ought to bear that in mind. It might be important someday.”</p>

      <p>At that moment, the carriage window rattled. Rosa’s eyes widened. She turned to see crowds of commonfolk standing outside, smiling and waving. Cries and cheers—“It’s the Black Prince!”—filled the air.</p>

      <p>A wall of people lined both sides of the central boulevard. Flower petals danced in the breeze. Even the hawkers and merchants had abandoned their stalls to come running. The people scrambled over one another to catch a glimpse of Hiro, jumping and jostling, waving their hands and shouting to catch his attention.</p>

      <p>“I’m always astonished to see how the people love the War God,” Rosa said. “And they seem to love his heir just as much.”</p>

      <p>There was a hint of pride in her voice, but Hiro’s mind was elsewhere, despairing that his “Black Prince” moniker had already proliferated through the city.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no way... Rosa must have planted people. Still, once one person starts calling the name, everyone around them will pick it up.</em></p>

      <p>Indeed, before long, the crowd had struck up a chant. Their cheers rang pleasantly in his ears. Some things never changed, even after a thousand years.</p>

      <p>“A flattering sight, I’m sure. Just don’t let it go to your head.” Rosa leaned forward, her face grave. “So, what happens now?”</p>

      <p>Hiro thought for a moment. “I’ll return to Linkus, then join the attack on Lichtein.”</p>

      <p>“Worried about how Liz is doing?”</p>

      <p>“That too, but there’s something else I want to make certain of.”</p>

      <p>“Then take the eastern road. I doubt you can hire any soldiers of your own yet, but I could lend you an escort, if you’d like.”</p>

      <p>Hiro might now be royalty, but as yet, he owned no land that could generate income. He might receive some in the future, if he earned it, but until then he would have to survive on his tribune’s wages, and his first pay had not yet come. Besides, he could not possibly fund a private armed force on a third class tribune’s salary. Chancellor Graeci would likely be willing to lend him funds from the national coffers, but he balked at the idea of indebting himself. In the end, he decided it would be prudent to accept Rosa’s—and House Kelheit’s—assistance.</p>

      <p>“I don’t need an escort,” he said, “but I’d appreciate it if you could arrange a stagecoach.”</p>

      <p>“The east is relatively peaceful,” Rosa said, “but there’s always the danger of running into brigands or monsters on the road. If money is your concern, I’ll happily foot the bill.”</p>

      <p>“An escort would only slow me down. I want to catch up to Liz as quickly as possible.”</p>

      <p>“I’m not changing your mind, am I? Very well, I’ll prepare our fastest stagecoach. I’ll see that you have some coin to tide you over too. I don’t doubt that you’ll find a use for it.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you. I won’t forget this.”</p>

      <p>“Think nothing of it. You’ve already more than paid me back. More to the point, what do you intend to do next?”</p>

      <p>She was talking about after the attack on Lichtein was over, Hiro knew. “I’ll assemble people I can trust and solidify my position.”</p>

      <p>Rosa hummed. “I see. Well, if ever you’re strapped for gold or men, I’ll be pleased to lend my assistance.”</p>

      <p>She offered her hand. With a soft smile, Hiro shook it.</p>

      <p>“For better or for worse, I cast my lot with yours. Don’t go dying on me, now, will you?”</p>

      <p>Hiro nodded, then ventured a question. “To change the subject—what are your thoughts on the attack on Lichtein?”</p>

      <p>Rosa pursed her lips. “It won’t challenge you much, I think.”</p>

      <p>Hiro sighed. <em>Of course.</em> No doubt anyone else would say the same.</p>

      <p>“Given how you fared against fifteen thousand, I don’t think anybody expects anything less.”</p>

      <p>“True.”</p>

      <p>“But that’s all the more reason not to get cocky. If the invasion goes anything less than smoothly, it’ll become an albatross around your neck.”</p>

      <p>She had given voice to his own thoughts. There were few things more dangerous than the promise of an easy battle. It made commanders careless, and careless commanders made mistakes. Hiro had seen it happen many times.</p>

      <p><em>All the more reason to be cautious.</em></p>

      <p>His mind flew to happenings far beyond the horizon. The Grantzian Empire could not afford to get bogged down in a prolonged invasion. Its enemies were many, and they were always looking for an opportunity to strike.</p>

      <p>His time was limited and his options were few. As an idea crystallized in his mind, he turned to Rosa.</p>

      <p>“There’s something I’d like you to do for me,” he said.</p>

      <p>And he set in motion a plan to ensure victory.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>