<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Phew...”</p>

      <p>Hiro loosened his collar so that he could breathe a little easier. His chest was tight with nerves. A long time had passed since he had last given such a command. He glanced at Liz to gauge her reaction and found her with a smile on her lips. She was issuing orders to the soldiers, Lævateinn held high.</p>

      <p><em>I guess it must have gone all right.</em></p>

      <p>He let out a long breath. From the look of her, his performance had been convincing enough.</p>

      <p>As relief filled his chest, a horn blew. Its shrill note raced through the ranks like a wave, and the soldiers joined in with battle cries, forming a solemn melody that shook the air like a dragon’s roar. The army began to advance in lockstep.</p>

      <p>Normally, signaling the advance would have been Liz’s duty as commander, but she had staunchly refused. “This is your first battle, so you can do the honors,” she had said at the pre-dawn strategy meeting. “And fix that bedhead, mister. You can’t lead an army like that. Come here.”<em> </em>After that, he recalled, he had been mercilessly mothered.</p>

      <p>“Are we going to attack straight away?” Liz asked, interrupting his thoughts.</p>

      <p>“Not yet. We’ll advance a little closer, then wait. With any luck, we won’t even...” Hiro cut himself off. A dust storm was whipping up over the front lines.</p>

      <p>“It’s starting,” Liz said.</p>

      <p>“And soon it’ll be over.” Hiro’s smile widened as he scratched his eyepatch. “We’ve given them hope. Now they’ll know despair.”</p>

      <p>He stretched out his hand and closed his fist around the battlefield.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊</p>

      <p>On the front line, confusion had overtaken the Fourth Legion’s advance guard. The sudden sandstorm had obscured their vision, blinding them to their surroundings.</p>

      <p>“What’s happening now?!” von Kilo snapped as he swung his sword down, cleaving through an enemy soldier’s chest. Crimson spurted high into the air. The man crumpled, hacking up blood.</p>

      <p>Von Kilo raised his sword in triumph. “Take care not to strike your comrades!” he bellowed to his men. “The sand will soon clear!”</p>

      <p>The enemy had penetrated too deep into their lines. They desperately needed to fall back and regroup, but they could not. Von Kilo ground his teeth as he looked behind him. The soldiers of the Liberation Army were blocking their retreat.</p>

      <p>“We wouldn’t be in this position if they’d stop playing games!”</p>

      <p>He needed to prove his valor if he was to be promoted to the central territories. He could not afford to disgrace himself, yet still these upstart slaves insisted on impeding him. With a snarl of fury, he swung his sword with renewed vigor. Screams rose. Blood sprayed. His blade found gaps in enemy armor and bit home, unerringly finding vital points as he cut men down.</p>

      <p>“I’ll not be trifled with!” he snarled.</p>

      <p>Von Kilo had not climbed to the rank of general for nothing. He had known battlefields and butchery in his time, and he had more than once wavered between life and death. In no sense was he wanting as a soldier.</p>

      <p>“My lord!” an advisor shouted. “The enemy’s numbers are growing! We must fall back or we will be overrun!”</p>

      <p>Von Kilo grimaced. “But if we do not stand our ground...”</p>

      <p>“If we die here, all will be for nothing!”</p>

      <p>“As well I know! But the slaves block our retreat!”</p>

      <p>“They are only slaves, my lord! None will object if we spill their blood! If they stand in our way, we need only cut them down!”</p>

      <p>“If Lord Hiro sees us abandon our men and kill our way to freedom, he will not be merciful.”</p>

      <p>“We can hardly tell friend from foe in this sandstorm. We need only tell him that we lost our bearings.”</p>

      <p>Von Kilo considered. “If that is truly the only way...”</p>

      <p>“My lord, we have no time!”</p>

      <p>“It is true that I can give no orders in this sand... Bah, there’s nothing for it. If we must fall back, then we must.” Despite his words, von Kilo’s expression was anything but regretful.</p>

      <p>“At once, my lord! Let us—” The advisor toppled as he turned.</p>

      <p>“Are you all right?” von Kilo cried, hurrying to the man’s sprawled body. An arrow protruded from the man’s skull. Blood trickled along the shaft to ooze into the sand.</p>

      <p>“Arrows... Blast it all.”</p>

      <p>The rest of the volley arrived mere moments later, raining down through the sandstorm. Scowling, von Kilo snatched up a nearby shield and huddled beneath it, but many of the men around him were not so lucky. They fell in droves, soldiers and advisors alike.</p>

      <p>Von Kilo’s first thought was that the enemy must have been responsible, but strangely, the arrows were coming from behind. With the Liberation Army to their rear, the ducal army could not have taken up position there so quickly. The bombardment could only be coming from one source: the Liberation Army itself.</p>

      <p>“Can those accursed slaves not even use their bows?!” he hissed through gritted teeth.</p>

      <p>At last, there came a lull in the deluge of arrows. He stood and cast his shield aside, yanking a shaft from his arm with a grunt.</p>

      <p>“Is anyone alive?” he called out. He set out walking through the cloud of sand only to stop in his tracks. An enormous figure emerged from the haze ahead—a familiar man with lilac skin. In his right hand the apparition held a bloodstained sword, and in his left, he clutched one of the ducal army’s spears.</p>

      <p>“Why are you here? You can’t be here!” von Kilo spluttered.</p>

      <p>The zlosta drew inexorably closer.</p>

      <p>“Say something, you lumbering oaf! You ought to be tied up on the back lines! And why—?”</p>

      <p><em>Why is your sword covered in blood?</em> von Kilo meant to ask, but before the words left him, something slammed into his chest. Hot wetness surged up his throat. As he clapped his hand to his mouth to hold it back, he looked down and saw the zlosta’s spear running him through.</p>

      <p>“What...? Why...?!” he managed. Blood dribbled between his fingers. He fell on all fours as the strength left his legs. An enormous shadow loomed over him. Confusion, for the most part, filled his bloodshot eyes as he looked up, but there was panic there too.</p>

      <p>“Struggling to breathe so... What a pitiful sight you make.” The zlosta’s expression betrayed no hint of emotion. He looked down at von Kilo with utter indifference. “You reap only what you have sown. You ought to have had more humility.”</p>

      <p>He pressed the tip of his blade to von Kilo’s neck. “I carry a message from the One-Eyed Dragon.”</p>

      <p>Von Kilo stared back dumbly.</p>

      <p>“Your ill-considered mobilization of uncoordinated slave troops, motivated by your selfish desire for glory, invited confusion to your ranks. For this, he holds you personally responsible. In view of that, and your previous violations of military codes of conduct, you are hereby demoted.”</p>

      <p>The declaration as good as pinned all of the Fourth Legion’s failings on von Kilo. The man’s mouth opened and closed, but no protests emerged, only blood and froth.</p>

      <p>“Farewell, General...or perhaps I should say Second Tribune.”</p>

      <p>If von Kilo meant to plead for his life or curse his foe, he never had the chance. His head sailed through the air, trailing a stream of blood.</p>

      <p>Garda tossed his sword aside, turned his back on the corpse, and walked off. A short distance away, he met up with a band of sellswords. One of the men handed him a camel’s reins.</p>

      <p>“Our work here is done,” the zlosta said as he swung himself onto his mount’s back. “It is time we made ourselves scarce.”</p>

      <p>“You sure we’re free to go, boss?” one of the sellswords asked.</p>

      <p>“So I am assured...provided that we make quick work of it.”</p>

      <p>The man grinned. “Leave it to me!”</p>

      <p>“Very well, then. Once you’re ready, sound the drums.”</p>

      <p>“You got it! Everyone on the boss! We’re getting out of here!”</p>

      <p>Garda spurred his camel forward at top speed. The sellswords stayed close on his tail. At the sound of their drums, the freedmen infantry joined the flight, scrambling over themselves to leave the battlefield behind.</p>

      <p>“Don’t let the ducal army see your arses!” the sellsword cried. “Pickings are tough in the desert!” Amidst a chorus of vulgar jeers, he pulled up alongside Garda once more. “Not a bad job, if I do say so myself.”</p>

      <p>“Mercenary work through and through,” Garda remarked. With a sigh, he glanced toward the main body of the Fourth Legion’s forces. He and his men had played their part. All that was left now was to wait for the final act.</p>

      <p>“I called you the One-Eyed Dragon, boy,” he said under his breath, “but the Hero Slayer might have been more apt.”</p>

      <p>The illustrious Marquis Rankeel was no doubt coming to a similar realization. The nations of Soleil would tremble with fear to learn what had truly transpired on this battlefield.</p>

      <p>“But now, I must flee, and quickly.”</p>

      <p>He had to make good his escape before the sandstorm cleared, or he might pay for his tardiness with his life. He had conjured the storm himself, but it would not last forever.</p>

      <p>“If only I still had Bebensleif, I would not have to fear my mana running dry.”</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, now that his Fellblade had forsaken him, his mana was limited. Running dry would not be lethal, but it would mean passing out. On a battlefield, that was as good as a death sentence.</p>

      <p>“I’ve done all that was asked of me. Now to rest on my laurels.”</p>

      <p>He pictured the boy’s disagreeable face and snorted to himself.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊</p>

      <p>The Lichtein troops’ spirits were high enough to sweep even the Fourth Legion’s advance guard aside—and still, Rankeel could not quell the unease roiling in his breast. His long years of experience were screaming in alarm. By the time the sandstorm lifted, his suspicions had changed to certainty.</p>

      <p>“I cannot shake the feeling that we are charging into another trap.”</p>

      <p>“Is something wrong, Commander?” asked Karl beside him.</p>

      <p>Rankeel answered with a reassuring smile before turning to summon one of his advisors.</p>

      <p>“Yes, my lord?” the man asked.</p>

      <p>“Have one hundred camel riders escort Lord Karl from the field.”</p>

      <p>“What are you saying?!” Karl protested. “Why must I flee? Is this not the time to push forward?”</p>

      <p>Rankeel laid a hand on the other man’s shoulder. “We have not won yet, my lord. We have crushed the Fourth Legion’s advance guard, but eight thousand of them remain.”</p>

      <p>“But is the momentum not in our favor?”</p>

      <p>“Victory is still far from promised.”</p>

      <p>Karl set a finger to his chin and sank into thought.</p>

      <p>“Should the worst come to pass,” Rankeel continued, “flee to the capital with your escort. We will buy time for your escape.”</p>

      <p>“And what will become of you?”</p>

      <p>“I will hold the enemy here while you—”</p>

      <p>“Enemies sighted at our rear! Three to five thousand men, mostly cavalry!”</p>

      <p>The messenger’s report sent a shock through the army. Soldiers turned to look, their breath caught in their throats. A large dust cloud was heading toward them. Flags bristled in its midst.</p>

      <p>Rankeel turned to the messenger. “Are these the Fourth Legion’s troops?”</p>

      <p>“They bear the heraldry of the empire’s eastern nobles, sir.”</p>

      <p>“The eastern nobles? But why...?”</p>

      <p>“The standard of House Kelheit is among them. It appears the east has sent reinforcements.”</p>

      <p>“Did they not lack a leader? Has his widow taken a new husband?” Rankeel well remembered hearing of the death of the head of House Kelheit. He had hoped that the eastern nobles might tear themselves apart fighting over his succession, sending cracks through the empire, but little had come of it.</p>

      <p>“There...is something else, sir.”</p>

      <p>“What is it? Speak clearly, man.”</p>

      <p>“The standard of the second emperor has been sighted on the battlefield. A dragon clutching a silver sword on a black field.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>Nobody in this world could be ignorant of that heraldry—of the sacred standard of Mars, War God of the Grantzian pantheon and builder of the empire. Of the <em>sazul</em>.</p>

      <p>“If you speak truly,” Rankeel said slowly, “that is an ill omen indeed.” A chill he could not quite name assailed him. His blood turned to ice, his fingertips went numb, his mind began to seize up. His voice trembled as he asked, “Are you quite certain?”</p>

      <p>“If the history books are accurate, sir...”</p>

      <p>“Was the second emperor’s lineage not extinguished?”</p>

      <p>The Hero King of Twinned Black had passed away unmarried and childless, and not once had his standard graced the field since. Indeed, its unsanctioned use was punishable by death, regardless of the offender’s social station. Rankeel did not know why the imperials were so strict about the matter—fear of the Spirit King’s wrath, perhaps, or veneration of the deified Hero King—but if the <em>sazul</em> had been raised, it could only mean that the second emperor’s bloodline was alive and well.</p>

      <p>“There will be no retreat to the rear, then,” he sighed. Better to take on the Fourth Legion, who would still be tired from the previous days’ exertions, than fresh reinforcements brimming with vigor. It would be foolhardy to engage these newcomers without knowing who they were or what they were capable of. The ducal troops had to press forward before the grasping arms of the enemy’s cavalry closed around them.</p>

      <p>“Hesitation will gain us nothing. Charge!”</p>

      <p>The ducal army might not succeed in breaking through the enemy’s center, but morale was high and they had momentum in their favor. That would be enough to at least see Karl to safety. This battle had been a lost cause from the moment the enemy appeared at their backs. High spirits would not save them from being slaughtered once they were surrounded.</p>

      <p>“The fruit of my failings,” Rankeel said bitterly. “This is my cross to bear.”</p>

      <p>He would wash his honor clean with a glorious death. He had been a warrior once upon a time, braving the melee himself with his sword as his only companion. There were worse ways to end his career than the way it had begun.</p>

      <p>“I will clear a path, Lord Karl!” he shouted. “Take your escort and ride to safety!”</p>

      <p>He did not wait to hear the man’s answer. It did not matter, in any case. All that remained was to pass the baton.</p>

      <p>“Listen well, my lord! I leave to you my final stratagem! Now that we have burned their supplies, the enemy’s time is short! If they turn to pillaging, harry them from the rear! If they split up, crush them piece by piece! If you conceal yourself within the capital, provoke them and wear them down until they break themselves upon the walls!”</p>

      <p>“What has possessed you?!” Karl cried. “You speak as though you mean to die!”</p>

      <p>“Our nation is in your hands now!” Rankeel drew his sword and turned to rally his troops. “Have courage, men! Raise your voices high! This day, our enemy shall know defeat!”</p>

      <p>With a roar, he plunged out of the sandstorm—and his hope gave way to despair.</p>

      <p>“Impossible...” he breathed.</p>

      <p>The soldiers who had preceded him into the dust cloud lay buried in the desert sand, their corpses studded with arrows. There were no survivors, only rapidly cooling bodies as far as the eye could see. The absurd sight brought the camels skidding to a halt, and the army with them. Karl blanched by Rankeel’s side, his brow creasing in dismay as he clapped his hands to his mouth.</p>

      <p>“A dragon with a silver sword on a black field...”</p>

      <p>Rankeel tore his gaze away from the flag, fluttering lazily in the breeze over the heart of the Fourth Legion, and looked to the sides, where the enemy cavalry was thundering toward them. A glance over his shoulder told him that the imperial reinforcements were closing in, their maw yawning wide to swallow their prey whole.</p>

      <p>He chuckled darkly. “And so the trap snaps shut. There will be no escape, not even for Lord Karl.”</p>

      <p>Before him stretched orderly ranks of light infantry, heavy infantry, and archers arranged in composite units—a masterful show of military discipline. How delightful it must be to lead such well-trained men into battle, Rankeel thought. Far more pleasant than commanding the exhausted pack of starving hounds at his back.</p>

      <p>“I should have known something was wrong, right from the very start.”</p>

      <p>His every stroke of inspiration had turned out to be anticipated. Every opening he had found only seemed to play into his foe’s plans. Since the very beginning, he had been dancing in the palm of his enemy’s hand.</p>

      <p>“Then I suppose he already knows what I will do next.”</p>

      <p>Karl had to survive, no matter what. Only Rankeel need pay the price of this defeat.</p>

      <p>“Lay down your weapons and raise the white flag.”</p>

      <p>The sword slipped from the hand of the man once called the Rising Hawk and thumped into the sand. His soldiers sank to the ground, defeated. The dull metal of their discarded weapons glinted in the sun, signaling their surrender for all to see.</p>

      <p>“Yet one answer eludes me: to what end did the enemy crush me so thoroughly?”</p>

      <p>Scratching at the old scar on his cheek, Rankeel watched the War God’s <em>sazul</em> waving indifferently over the imperial lines.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊</p>

      <p>No clouds marred the clear blue sky to shield the earth from the sun’s merciless gaze. The relentless heat leeched the vigor from those who dwelled below. Surveying the terrain revealed only sand stretching endlessly away, a telling glimpse of the land’s arid heart.</p>

      <p>Here in the Duchy of Lichtein, a nation ruled by scorching deserts, a battle had come to an end. What name this battlefield would take in the ages to come, no one could say. For now, it had none.</p>

      <p>Fierce-eyed soldiers stood in ranks, masterfully wrought armor shielding their chests, lethally sharpened swords and spears in their hands. They were the Fourth Legion of the Grantzian Empire, protectors of the south, born warriors all. At the heart of the army, surrounded by a heavy guard, were its commander, Liz, and her strategist, Hiro.</p>

      <p>Liz raised a hand to shield her eyes from the sun’s glare as she stared at the array of standards in the distance.</p>

      <p>“Is that...House Kelheit’s livery? But why would my sister be here?”</p>

      <p>Her confusion was understandable. For the eastern nobles to make their way here via the southern territories would take no small amount of time, all the more so with an armed force in tow. Hiro moved closer, intending to offer an explanation, but she sensed his approach and spoke first.</p>

      <p>“Would you care to explain what my sister is doing here?”</p>

      <p>“Is that what it looks like to you?”</p>

      <p>“Who else could it be? Look at all those eastern noble flags.”</p>

      <p>Hiro chuckled knowingly. “There certainly are a lot of them.”</p>

      <p>Liz turned to stare at him, her neat eyebrows drawing together. “And just what are you smirking about?”</p>

      <p>Hiro put a hand to his mouth, trying to hold back his grin, but the gesture only annoyed Liz more. She puffed out her cheeks in indignation.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, sorry,” Hiro said. “So how many do you think there are?”</p>

      <p>“Erm... About three thousand?” She sounded irritated, but she still took the trouble to consider the question. That earnestness was one of her best qualities.</p>

      <p>“Try five hundred.”</p>

      <p>“What? But how?”</p>

      <p>“It’s a small force impersonating a larger force. They aren’t even from the eastern territories. They’re Kiork’s men.”</p>

      <p>“Uncle Kiork?”</p>

      <p>“That’s the one.”</p>

      <p>“But they’re bearing the eastern nobles’ standards.”</p>

      <p>“They are. I asked to borrow them.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re saying they’re Uncle’s men, just carrying the eastern nobles’ colors?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. Not a bad plan for such short notice, if I do say so myse— Yeowch!” Hiro’s sentence turned into a yelp as Liz pinched his cheek.</p>

      <p>“So that’s what you were acting all smug about.”</p>

      <p>“Yesh.”</p>

      <p>“Have you learned your lesson or should I keep this up a little longer?”</p>

      <p>Hiro fell silent, thinking very carefully about what to say next.</p>

      <p>“I’m very hurt, you know,” Liz quickly added. “I want an apology.”</p>

      <p>“Ih’m very shorry.”</p>

      <p>“That’s a good start. Now you just need to buy me a present and we’ll be square.” Her hand finally withdrew.</p>

      <p>“All right, but nothing too expensive.”</p>

      <p>Liz’s eyebrows arched. “That’s funny. I heard you just came into a lot of money.”</p>

      <p>“That’s true, but I was planning to save it.”</p>

      <p>The money Rosa had given Hiro would be vital for his future endeavors. His first priority was putting together a private force, which would need to be paid. Admittedly, he had parted ways with a handy sum of coin in recent days to fund his schemes, but he intended to recoup that from the duchy. Needless expenditures were still to be avoided.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry,” Liz said. “I won’t get anything <em>that</em> pricey.”</p>

      <p>That could mean anything coming from a princess. It would be wise to set an upper limit. “All right, but no jewelry,” Hiro said, feeling like a deadbeat husband.</p>

      <p>Liz waved her hands in front of her face, flustered. “Oh, never! Jewelry looks terrible on me anyway.”</p>

      <p>“Really?” Hiro cocked his head, looking her over. Her face still had some of the softness of youth, but her smile was as bright as a flower in bloom and her shapely body would bring a sigh to anyone’s lips. If she hadn’t chosen to walk a soldier’s path, she might well have been the belle of the empire.</p>

      <p><em>She might be right. Jewelry wouldn’t suit her.</em></p>

      <p>She needed no adornment, anybody would agree. A roadside pebble would shine like a jewel at her throat. Anything more would be quite literally gilding the lily.</p>

      <p>“All right, then,” he said. “Once all this is over, we’ll drop by Linkus.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll hold you to that. On pain of Lævateinn.”</p>

      <p>Hiro laughed weakly. “That sounds...lethal.”</p>

      <p>“You’ll be fine. Well, maybe a <em>little</em> singed.”</p>

      <p>Second Tribune Drix looked on as their banter continued. “From a distance, anyone would think them two ordinary children,” he murmured.</p>

      <p>One was a Spiritblade’s chosen, the other carried the blood of Emperor Schwartz. He wondered if they truly understood the significance that carried.</p>

      <p>“At the very least,” he whispered, “the world will rejoice at the return of the Kerukeion.”</p>

      <p>The Kerukeion was an old sobriquet for the brother-emperors Artheus and Schwartz. After a thousand long years, their bloodlines had once more reunited. Once upon a time, Artheus’s encounter with Schwartz’s wisdom had set him on his path of conquest, and the parallels were uncanny—the sixth princess possessed Artheus’s uncommon ingenuity, and now she counted one of Schwartz’s descendents among her retinue.</p>

      <p>This, Drix decided, was getting interesting.</p>

      <p>It was only recently that the first prince had, at great length, won the allegiance of one of the long-lived álfar. The third prince, too, was beginning to win renown thanks to talents of the wunderkind he had dubbed Aphrodite.</p>

      <p>“But whether this prophesizes glory or ruin for the empire...will all depend on how His Majesty plays his hand.”</p>

      <p>Competition for the throne would only grow more heated. One false move could mean civil war, and that would lead to the fracturing of the empire itself.</p>

      <p>“Lord Drix,” came a voice from behind.</p>

      <p>Drix turned to find a messenger kneeling before him. “Yes?”</p>

      <p>“The commanders of the ducal army, Count Karl Lichtein and Marquis Rankeel Gilbrist, have been captured.”</p>

      <p>“Excellent work. Ensure that they are treated well.”</p>

      <p>“Of course, my lord.”</p>

      <p>Once the man had departed, Drix approached Hiro and fell to one knee. “Lord Hiro, the ducal army’s commanders appear to have been detained.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll speak with them at once,” Hiro said. “Have a tent set up.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll see it done.”</p>

      <p>“Please.”</p>

      <p>With another bow, Drix departed to set the stage for the coming negotiations.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊</p>

      <p>Rankeel took his seat, overcome by confusion. Beside him, Karl seemed to be of a similar mind; the man’s sallow face wore a discomfited but otherwise unreadable expression. Both had good reason to be apprehensive. It was a universal truth that prisoners of war could not expect gentle treatment, but they had received neither abuse nor violence. They had been stripped of their weapons, but their hands had been left unbound. Their captors had even escorted them like guests of honor to their destination: a tent that was pleasantly cool, in spite of the midsummer desert’s searing heat.</p>

      <p>“What is the meaning of this?” Karl wondered aloud.</p>

      <p>“It is some new plot of theirs, my lord. Mark my words.”</p>

      <p>Rankeel sounded more confident in his words than he felt. He stroked his chin, muttering to himself. Even his mind was struggling to wrap itself around this puzzle. The enemy had nothing to gain from further trickery. Disposing of Karl and himself would be enough to ensure the duchy’s collapse. Widespread noble defections would plunge the land into civil war, bandits and brigands would run rampant, and in time, his home would become a barren place where only monsters roamed.</p>

      <p>“Do you suppose they want our land?”</p>

      <p>“They’ll raise that, I don’t doubt, but they hardly need us alive to take it.”</p>

      <p>If the enemy wanted territory, they could simply execute Rankeel and Karl and carve off as much as they liked. Unpleasant as it was to admit, with Rankeel dead, none of the remaining nobles would have the spine to try and retake their lost land. They would fold without resistance.</p>

      <p>“We may have lost,” Rankeel continued, “but we are not obliged to bow and scrape. If they try to force unreasonable demands on us, you are well within your rights to spit them back in their faces.”</p>

      <p>“But that would mean...” Karl’s downturned face twisted in anguish. No doubt the man feared that offending his captors would see his head roll, but Rankeel had enough tact not to broach the subject aloud.</p>

      <p>The guilt of their defeat weighed heavily on Karl’s shoulders, but he would need to take such experiences in stride and grow from them if Lichtein was to have a future. The nation’s woes, both internal and external, were far from over. Important decisions would need to be made, and there was no guarantee Rankeel would be present to lend a guiding hand. If their present circumstances had a silver lining, it was that they presented Karl with an excellent opportunity to learn statecraft, the better to see through noble deceit.</p>

      <p>“I leave the final decision in your hands, my lord.” Resolve burned bright in Rankeel’s eyes.</p>

      <p>Karl gave a hesitant nod.</p>

      <p>An indeterminate time passed in silence, long enough for their glasses of water to grow lukewarm. Rankeel took an experimental sip, but the liquid inside was odorless and inert. He smiled ruefully at his own wariness. He had not sincerely expected poison, but the risk of assassination had been a fact of his life for many years. Some habits were hard to break.</p>

      <p>A brisk set of footsteps approached the tent, and a teenage girl stepped inside. She wore the military uniform of the Grantzian Empire with a ceremonial overcoat—not unlike a haori—on top. “A pleasure to meet you,” she said. “I am Celia Estrella Elizabeth von Grantz, commander of the Fourth Legion and sixth princess of the empire.”</p>

      <p>Rankeel had never seen her before, but her beautiful countenance matched the rumors. There was no doubt that she was who she claimed to be. It was not suspicion that brought a frown to his face, but the sight of the crimson sword at her hip.</p>

      <p><em>So that’s a Spiritblade. The first I’ve seen in person, but even I can tell it’s no ordinary weapon.</em></p>

      <p>Looking at the princess and her sword in turn, he immediately understood why some called her the Valditte. Perhaps naturally for a Spiritblade’s chosen, she carried herself with a conqueror’s presence that belied her years. Such people were to be feared, Rankeel knew. Their talent was quick to grow. Still, her flame was still feeble and her potential had yet to blossom. It could not have been her who outwitted him on this battlefield.</p>

      <p>The boy who entered the tent next struck Rankeel speechless.</p>

      <p>He wore an old-fashioned imperial uniform with a black overcoat on top. Embroidered dragons twined along his shoulders. A large eyepatch covered one of his eyes, and half of his face besides, but even so, Rankeel could see—</p>

      <p><em>He carries Uranos?!</em></p>

      <p>Also known as Baldick, the Umbral Sight, the black iris of Uranos most often graced heroes of myth. Rankeel knew it well. In fact, nobody in the world could be ignorant of its significance. Only one man in all of Aletia—at least, until now—had ever born the mark of the twinblack. One did not have to be familiar with the Grantzian emperors to know the name of Mars.</p>

      <p><em>It seems surprises never cease this day. To think his blood yet lived...</em></p>

      <p>Never before had Rankeel seen the Baldick in person. He, like everyone else in Aletia, had thought it the stuff of legends.</p>

      <p>“I am Hiro Schwartz von Grantz,” the boy announced, “strategist to the Fourth Legion and fourth prince of the empire.”</p>

      <p>His face was utterly unreadable. Outwardly, he was smiling, but he exuded the unsettling impression that, behind his gaze, he was constantly scrutinizing everything around him. The depthless darkness of his black eye seemed to scour Rankeel’s very soul, an abyss before which all deceit was laid bare.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, sirs...”</p>

      <p>An official who introduced himself as Second Tribune Drix laid two sheets of parchment before Karl and Rankeel. “Please read through these and sign them, if you would be so kind.”</p>

      <p>Rankeel turned his gaze to the terms.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>The Duchy of Lichtein hereby cedes its northern territory to the Grantzian Empire and promises to issue reparations to the same for lost assets and military expenditures.</em></p>

      <p><em>Furthermore, the Duchy of Lichtein and the Grantzian Empire hereby enter into a non-aggression pact for a period of two years, although the Grantzian Empire retains the right to annex any portion of the Duchy of Lichtein in the event of a threat to national security.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Those aren’t bad terms,</em> Rankeel thought. <em>Not bad at all. The northern territories are hardly a breadbasket, and losing one oasis city won’t be the end of us. The empire will no doubt try to meddle within our borders under the guise of peacekeeping, but we can turn that to our advantage. And as for reparations...the old duke died sitting on a sizable hoard of private wealth. That ought to fetch us the coin.</em></p>

      <p>He tried to send Karl a meaningful glance, but he was interrupted by the black-haired boy drumming his fingers on the table.</p>

      <p>“I suppose you only have my word for this,” Hiro said, “but in the event that the Republic of Steissen attacks Lichtein, you can rely on imperial aid. You will have to foot the bill, of course.”</p>

      <p>“Do you mean it?” Karl rose from his seat. That was far easier promised than done. By sending reinforcements to Lichtein’s aid, the empire would risk starting a war with Steissen. It already had its hands full trying to reassert order in Faerzen—surely it would want to avoid getting involved in more hostilities.</p>

      <p>“Only if you want, naturally.”</p>

      <p>“What of the war in Faerzen? Do you have the authority to promise your forces elsewhere?”</p>

      <p>Hiro flashed Karl a smile. “The imperial military will hardly notice the loss, I assure you.”</p>

      <p>Rankeel shuddered at the gesture. This boy was plotting something, that much he could tell, but the shape of it was shrouded in darkness, and he could only fumble for it blindly.</p>

      <p>Hiro spread his hands toward the sheets of parchment. “If you find my terms acceptable, may I ask you for your signatures?”</p>

      <p>There was no time to try and gauge the boy’s intentions, and trying to stall would only make him worsen the offer. Rankeel glanced sideways to see Karl pick up the pen. With a sigh of defeat, the marquis signed his name as well. Hiro took the parchment from their hands, checked that all was in order, exchanged a few words with the sixth princess, then handed the signed agreements to the advisor at his side.</p>

      <p>A silence followed, until finally Rankeel spoke. “I’d ask you something, if you’ll hear it.”</p>

      <p>Hiro turned his gaze on the marquis. “Of course. What’s on your mind?”</p>

      <p>“I must admit to being outmatched in battle. You surrounded us handily. If I’m not mistaken, you employed much the same strategy I used against your forces.”</p>

      <p>Rankeel had sought to lull the Fourth Legion into overconfidence with a string of easy victories, lure them deep into enemy territory, and surround them once they were exhausted from battle with the Liberation Army. Meanwhile, Hiro had baited the ducal army into believing that they had the upper hand with his false supplies, allowed them to overcommit to an inescapable situation, and surrounded them once they were exhausted. There were superficial differences, but the more Rankeel thought about it, the more the broad strokes seemed remarkably similar.</p>

      <p>“So a man has to wonder, if only for the record...did you plan your approach in advance or did you choose it to put me in my place?”</p>

      <p>“I see why it might have seemed that way. I realized what strategy you were employing from reports of the ducal army’s movements, but I only decided on how to counter it around the time I joined the Fourth Legion.”</p>

      <p>“And that was when General von Kilo was still in command, I suppose?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. I didn’t know what state I’d find the Fourth Legion in, so I didn’t know in advance what kind of approach I would need.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>The boy avoided giving a direct answer, but the truth seemed to have been somewhere in the middle. He had concocted a variety of plans in advance, but he had deliberately chosen one that mirrored Rankeel’s own in order to break the man’s spirit.</p>

      <p>“If that’s all, the Ministry of Military Affairs will dispatch a messenger shortly. You may direct any further questions to them.”</p>

      <p>Hiro and the sixth princess rose. The latter left first. As Hiro made to follow, Rankeel hurriedly stopped him.</p>

      <p>“One more thing, if I may. Why did you let me live? I am not a man for boasting, but the name of the Rising Hawk is one that our people love and our neighbors fear.”</p>

      <p>Rankeel was not ignorant of his reputation as a national hero. If he was of a mind to swear revenge against the empire, he could easily mount an invasion once Lichtein was on more stable ground. Surely this boy was too intelligent to have overlooked that possibility.</p>

      <p>“I admit my defeat, but even now, a part of me burns to reclaim my honor,” he continued. “It would be in your interest to snuff out such sparks before they could catch.”</p>

      <p>He was astute enough to know when he was beaten, but that did not mean that he would bow easily. Being so late in the game, perhaps his question amounted only to a beaten dog’s whining, but he felt compelled to ask it, even if it earned him derision. The old scar on his cheek itched as he stared at the boy’s back.</p>

      <p>“I would have your answer.”</p>

      <p>“Marquis!” Karl hissed. His face was deathly white. If this boy took offense, both their heads could roll within minutes. Indeed, Drix was glaring at them with open disapproval, and had he been in Hiro’s place, he likely would have ordered Rankeel put to death.</p>

      <p>Fortunately, the twinblack prince was more magnanimous. Hiro looked back over his shoulder. “You’re a clever man,” he said, gesturing to Rankeel’s scar. “I’m sure you can work it out.”</p>

      <p>With that, he left. Drix silently followed.</p>

      <p>Once they were gone, Karl let out a long breath and turned to Rankeel. “What were you thinking? They could have— What’s wrong? Why are you sweating?”</p>

      <p>Rankeel knew only too well. Every inch of his skin was awash with cold sweat. In the moment Hiro had turned around, he had been assailed by a cold and overpowering bloodlust. Never in his life had he felt more certain that he was going to die.</p>

      <p>Karl drew closer, concern in his eyes, but Rankeel was worlds away.</p>

      <p><em>If Lichtein is to survive, there is only one course.</em></p>

      <p>Karl would be no match for Hiro. Only a handful of men alive could withstand such an aura of might.</p>

      <p><em>If we fail to prove that our lives were worth sparing...</em></p>

      <p>The madness Rankeel had glimpsed in the depths of that black eye would stay with him for the rest of his days.</p>

      <p><em>...he’ll come for both our heads.</em></p>

      <p>Rankeel traced his scar with trembling fingertips. This had been a warning—that their lives were the boy’s to take. A castigation and a curse for them to carry into the days to come.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>