<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: The Black Prince</h1>

      <p>A red carpet split the throne room down the middle, running across the broad flagstones beneath a high ceiling. Pillars extended along either side of it, all the way to the throne. The spaces between them were filled with nobles, the familiar figure of Prince Stovell among them, standing shoulder to shoulder in neat rows. On the throne reclined the emperor, a man of remarkably youthful features, though by all accounts he was not a day under sixty. Chancellor Graeci waited at his right hand.</p>

      <p>Hiro looked wholly unperturbed as he strode down the carpet, though the air hung so heavy that any ordinary man would have wilted. The Black Camellia flapped at his heels. Whispers rose from the ranks of the nobles as he walked.</p>

      <p>“Do you suppose he’s truly the second emperor’s heir?”</p>

      <p>“He’s scarcely more than a child...but is that the Black Camellia I see on his shoulders?”</p>

      <p>“He’s young, it’s true, but he carries himself like a king.”</p>

      <p>“He stands tall and proud, though one could cut the air with a knife. Confidence he has aplenty, but is it born of merit or ignorance?”</p>

      <p>Hiro came to a stop a short distance from the emperor. He thumped his right hand against his left breast and fell to one knee. The motion generated a gust that sent his overcoat aflutter before it sank back down to rest on the ground.</p>

      <p>“You may begin,” the emperor pronounced. His brilliant jade eyes looked down on Hiro all the while.</p>

      <p>Chancellor Graeci took a solemn step forward and unfurled a scroll of parchment.</p>

      <p>“First Prince Stovell and Third Prince Brutahl, your sentences have been determined. Present yourselves before the throne.”</p>

      <p>The barrel-chested figure of Prince Stovell sank to one knee on Hiro’s right. Prince Brutahl—a bald man with ill-natured eyes—followed, mirroring the motion on Hiro’s left.</p>

      <p>“Third Prince Brutahl, you are issued no punishment.”</p>

      <p>A delighted murmur arose from the third prince’s supporters.</p>

      <p>“First Prince Stovell, you are stripped of the honors you earned during the Faerzen campaign and sentenced to three months’ house arrest.”</p>

      <p>The first prince’s supporters breathed audible sighs of relief. Even the third prince’s backers dared not question the leniency of the punishment—their own patron had gotten off just as lightly, and that mercy could easily be rescinded. From the undeclared nobles, however, came a flurry of indignant whispers.</p>

      <p>“Preposterous! The man sought to kill his own sister!”</p>

      <p>“Is wielding Mjölnir enough to forgive him any crime?!”</p>

      <p>“They ought to kick him down the order of succession— No, strip him of command of the First Legion!”</p>

      <p>Chancellor Graeci’s voice cut through the burgeoning dissent. “Silence! Silence in the presence of the emperor!”</p>

      <p>The room fell quiet as a millpond, but there was no concealing the resentment and outrage that continued to simmer beneath the surface.</p>

      <p><em>He’s just angered half his court. What’s his game?</em></p>

      <p>Both of the princes’ sentences had been unreasonably lenient—the kind of decisions that might cast doubt on an emperor’s judgment. Hiro could only presume that the man intended to quench such sparks of discontent before they could catch.</p>

      <p>“Lord Hiro. In view of your accomplishments in battle against the Duchy of Lichtein, you are elevated to the position of third class military tribune.”</p>

      <p>That was a suitable enough reward, Hiro thought, but Chancellor Graeci was not done.</p>

      <p>“Additionally, in accordance with the last will and testament of His Majesty the First Emperor, you are to be inducted into the Grantzian imperial household, where you will be granted the title of fourth prince of the empire. Accordingly, you will take fifth place in the imperial line of succession. Your position may rise further as your future achievements warrant.”</p>

      <p>Hiro struggled to keep his head bowed. That was unbelievably generous. He had expected to be added to the foot of the royal table and begrudgingly carved out a portion of some border province.</p>

      <p>A stunned silence filled the throne room. Nobody could speak. As the room looked on, shocked, the chancellor produced a sheet of white paper. It emitted a gentle glow, although no special light fell upon it.</p>

      <p>“The archpriestess herself has testified to the truth of his heritage,” he declared. “Furthermore, the Black Camellia has acknowledged him as her master.”</p>

      <p>The nobles’ gazes moved frantically between Hiro and the archpriestess’s letter.</p>

      <p>“Lord Hiro, henceforth, you may call yourself Hiro Schwartz von Grantz.”</p>

      <p>Chancellor Graeci gave two brisk claps. At his signal, several ladies-in-waiting entered and unfurled an enormous flag. The emblem of a dragon stood proud on a black field, clutching a silver sword.</p>

      <p>“You are hereby permitted the use of His Majesty the Second Emperor’s standard. May you prove yourself worthy of his name.”</p>

      <p>Hiro could only smile to himself. Virtually all that he had once had was his again, and he hadn’t even had to lift a finger.</p>

      <p><em>The sly old fox...</em></p>

      <p>If the emperor had demoted either of the princes in the line of succession—or, worse, stripped them of their succession rights entirely—he might have faced open revolt from their supporters. Instead, he had defanged those supporters by handing out unexpectedly lenient sentences before blindsiding them by installing a new prince. A descendant of Mars himself would represent a tempting opportunity for any noble. Anyone who backed such an individual could hope for tremendous support from the people. At this very moment, every lord and lady in the room was no doubt calculating whether to switch their allegiance now or wait to see how events played out.</p>

      <p><em>He’s thrown me to the wolves to get them off his own back.</em></p>

      <p>It would likely be the undeclared nobles who would approach him first. They would be able to move quicker than their counterparts mired by factional ties. It was they who had been most dissatisfied with the emperor’s judgment, although now they would be less concerned with dissenting than with leveraging the situation to get ahead of their fellow elites.</p>

      <p><em>Well, that suits me just fine.</em></p>

      <p>Many people would approach him from here on out, hoping to use him for their own ends.</p>

      <p><em>It’s only fair that I use them in return.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro’s lips curled in savage mirth.</p>

      <p>“A banquet will be held shortly to mark these proceedings. I wish you all an enjoyable evening.”</p>

      <p>With that, Chancellor Graeci and the emperor retreated from the chamber. Prince Stovell and Prince Brutahl also departed with their vassals in tow. In their place, servants filed in to make ready for the banquet.</p>

      <p>As Hiro stood there, wondering what to do, Aura made her way up to him.</p>

      <p>“Anybody would think that wasn’t your first royal audience.” She fixed him with a probing gaze.</p>

      <p>Hiro gave an awkward laugh. “What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“You just paraded yourself in front of the most powerful nobles in the empire. Anybody would have been terrified. But you looked like you were used to it. You looked like you’d done it before.”</p>

      <p>“Did I really? I felt pretty scared. The eyepatch must just have made it hard to tell.”</p>

      <p>“If you say so.”</p>

      <p>Odds were that she had realized who he was. She was certainly sharp enough.</p>

      <p>Hiro sighed. “Let’s say, theoretically, a figure from the past suddenly appeared in the present day,” he said, lowering his voice. “What do you think would happen?”</p>

      <p>Aura’s eyes narrowed. She hesitated, choosing her words carefully. “Theoretically?”</p>

      <p>“Theoretically. How do you think they’d be received?”</p>

      <p>“If that did happen...if, say, a hero from a thousand years ago appeared in the modern day...I think many people would find it inconvenient.”</p>

      <p>“I agree.”</p>

      <p>“The people would love them,” Aura continued in her detached monotone, “but the powerful would resent them. Forces would come together to crush them before they could threaten the status quo. They would need to disguise their true identity behind a more acceptable front. To conceal their true power...or to pass themselves off as their own descendant.”</p>

      <p>“That’s an interesting idea.”</p>

      <p>“Well. Not that many people would believe they were a living god even if they shouted it from the rooftops.”</p>

      <p>“True.”</p>

      <p>“But nobody can see the future. Their true identity could be exposed at any time. They would be wise to prepare for the worst.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll bear that in mind.” Hiro’s voice hardened with resolve.</p>

      <p>Aura’s eyes flashed mischievously. “Theoretically.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, yeah, of course. That’s what I meant.” Hiro rifled his hair awkwardly, hoping she hadn’t noticed his slip. Aura only smiled.</p>

      <p>A pleasant melody drifted through the air as the music corps commenced their performance. Hiro looked around to find the servants retreating to the wings, the banquet preparations complete. A crowd of nobles filtered in through the open doors. He watched for a while, taking a few deep breaths to calm his nerves.</p>

      <p><em>All right, it’s sink or swim. By the end of the night, I need to figure out who I can trust...and who I can’t.</em></p>

      <p>It would be wise to make contact with House Krone too, while he could. Better the enemy he knew than the one he didn’t.</p>

      <p><em>Of course, I should let them be the ones to come to me.</em></p>

      <p>The other way around might set the rest of the nobles whispering. The last thing he wanted was to start rumors that the second emperor’s scion and House Krone were in cahoots.</p>

      <p><em>Well, that’s if they attend at all. I doubt they will.</em></p>

      <p>As supporters of Prince Stovell, to appear at a banquet while the prince himself remained under house arrest would constitute a shocking breach of etiquette. Besides, this was no time to let drink cloud their judgment. Ground they had thought was stable was crumbling beneath their feet. They needed to act fast or they might find themselves in free fall. No doubt they were racking their brains for their next move at that very moment.</p>

      <p><em>Prince Brutahl and the western nobles will probably be here, though...</em></p>

      <p>A tug on his sleeve interrupted his thoughts.</p>

      <p>“Hiro...I have to go.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” He swung around to find Aura looking at him with upturned eyes.</p>

      <p>“I can’t be seen with you any longer.”</p>

      <p>Of course. Aura was Prince Brutahl’s chief strategist; she was expected to remain with his supporters. For her to be seen with the newly installed fourth prince would start all manner of unsightly rumors. It may even kindle suspicion that she had defected, and those who wanted her gone would jump at the chance to fan the flames.</p>

      <p>“Sure. I don’t want to hurt your position.”</p>

      <p>“Later, then.” With a lingering glance, she departed. Hiro watched her trot away through the crowd.</p>

      <p><em>Prince Brutahl puts a little too much stock in the advice of his retainers...which is to say, he’s easily manipulated. That’s probably why so many people flock to him.</em></p>

      <p>The short glimpse Hiro had gotten of the third prince suggested a deeply paranoid man. That could be useful in its own way. The right words in the right places would be all it would take to nudge him in a desired direction. If a stubborn obstacle presented itself, the man might make a powerful ally.</p>

      <p><em>The real question is how I get close to him.</em></p>

      <p>A thousand years ago, he had disdained this kind of politicking. He had spent every moment he could on the battlefront, only rarely returning to the palace. That negligence had cost him dearly, to the point that he had given everything up and returned to Earth. This time, he could not afford to shrink from affairs of court, even if his inexperience would likely see him tripping over his own feet.</p>

      <p><em>This is the path I chose. The least I can do is see it through.</em></p>

      <p>He collected his thoughts, accepted a glass of water from a waiter, and approached a long serving table with a lavish spread. Several nobles saw him move and took that as their cue to gather. All wore extravagant jewelry over garish finery.</p>

      <p><em>Like a flock of preening peacocks.</em></p>

      <p>As he smiled internally at the image, an important-looking noble stepped forward from the throng.</p>

      <p>“Lord Hiro Schwartz, I presume. I am honored to make your acquaintance.”</p>

      <p>Hiro took the man’s hand. “And I yours.”</p>

      <p>“Allow me to introduce myself. I am...” The man launched into a long-winded diatribe of an introduction. “I pray our relationship is a long and fruitful one,” he finally concluded.</p>

      <p>In brief, he owned some land in the western territories. That made him a backer of Prince Brutahl like the rest of the western nobles. While the third prince had escaped the emperor’s wrath this time, he might not be so lucky the next. Evidently, some of his supporters were looking to hedge their bets.</p>

      <p>“As do I,” Hiro replied. “I will be sure to remember your name and your face.” <em>As those of an opportunist</em>, he silently added.</p>

      <p>With that, the dam broke. More and more nobles gathered around him, all offering their daughters’ hands in marriage or their sons’ services as retainers, every last one all but drooling with greed. They had him trapped for almost an hour before he managed to excuse himself. He sank into a sofa by the wall, trying his best not to let his exhaustion show.</p>

      <p><em>I didn’t expect there to be so </em>many<em> of them...</em></p>

      <p>He drained his glass of water in a single gulp and cast his gaze around the room. Many nobles were craning their necks to keep their eyes on him, waiting for their chance. He was far from done with introductions for the evening.</p>

      <p><em>But I haven’t seen a single person from the central territories, never mind from House Krone itself.</em></p>

      <p>He had suspected House Krone and their central nobles would be absent, but it still came as a disappointment. He had put no small amount of effort into preparing himself for the confrontation. Now it would go to waste.</p>

      <p>Also notable was that the most frequent overtures had come from the eastern nobles.</p>

      <p><em>House Kelheit’s control must be slipping after the death of their head.</em></p>

      <p>None had directly said as much, but he had sensed from many a certain dissatisfaction with the leadership of the widowed Countess von Kelheit. Not from all, though; in fact, she had no shortage of ardent supporters. It seemed inevitable that the two camps would eventually clash and a schism would form.</p>

      <p><em>All according to House Krone’s plan, I’m sure.</em></p>

      <p>As Aura told it, House Krone, staunch supporters of Prince Stovell, were looking eastward with eager anticipation. Now that the head of House Kelheit was gone, it was likely only a matter of time before they assumed control over the great house’s weakened remnants. If Hiro simply stood by and watched, the first prince would soon secure the throne.</p>

      <p><em>So the question now is—what do I do about it?</em></p>

      <p>As he sat lost in thought, a shadow fell over him.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, but may I join you?”</p>

      <p>He looked up to see a woman clad in a scarlet dress. She looked down on him with bewitching blue eyes, her wavy hair gathered into a rough ponytail that fell over her shoulder like a golden waterfall. Her shapely curves seemed to draw every eye in the room. The slit in the leg of her dress was cut scandalously high, revealing a tantalizing glimpse of thigh that would set anyone’s animal instincts aflame. Yet it was not her beauty that Hiro noticed most, but the ripple of whispers that spread through the crowd as she approached. He regarded her warily, conscious of the eyes around them.</p>

      <p>“But where are my manners?” she exclaimed. “I am Myste Caliara Rosa von Kelheit, once third princess, now acting head of House Kelheit. A pleasure to make your acquaintance.” She flashed a heart-stopping smile. “Now I understand why Liz speaks so passionately of you. Your hair and eyes I’d heard of, but your features, too, are a rare delight.”</p>

      <p>Hiro managed not to let his astonishment show, but his heart was pounding furiously in his chest.</p>

      <p><em>Why is she here? It’s far too early for her to make her move.</em></p>

      <p>He had expected that the Countess von Kelheit would approach him eventually, but not for a while yet.</p>

      <p><em>Is she really that desperate?</em></p>

      <p>Time to speculate was a luxury he couldn’t afford. He couldn’t risk tipping her off that he was more astute than he seemed. Liz’s sister she might be, but her duty to House Kelheit would come first; if she was approaching him, it was because she meant to use him. By letting her throw him off-balance, he would only be playing into her hands. He had to reclaim the initiative. Forcing himself to maintain his composure, he indicated the seat beside him.</p>

      <p>“By all means. It’s not taken.”</p>

      <p>“Much obliged.” In Rosa’s hands were two glasses. She laid the one filled with burgundy liquid on the table in front of Hiro. It was most likely wine or some alcoholic beverage, but with no way of knowing whether it was laced with something, he opted to refrain.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, but I’m afraid I don’t drink.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Do excuse me. Here, this one is water.” She switched the glass for the other, which contained a clear liquid. The scent of rose petals wafted into his nostrils as she seated herself beside him.</p>

      <p>“So, what business does Liz’s sister have with me?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“She wrote to me about you, you know. I thought it was time I met the man to whom my dear sister owes so much.”</p>

      <p>“Only a fraction of what I owe her. It is a great honor to meet a member of her family.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, come, Your Highness, let’s not be so stiff with one another. As of today, you rank higher than I do. What would the other nobles think to hear you speak so?”</p>

      <p>“As you— I mean, fine. Is this better?”</p>

      <p>“Much better. Just remember to spare a thought for your station in future.” Laughing, she took a sip from her glass, then inclined it toward him with an impish grin. “Passing over such fine wine, though... Now that’s a true faux pas.”</p>

      <p>“Wine doesn’t agree with me.” That was the only excuse he could give. The age of adulthood in this world was fifteen.</p>

      <p>“A shame. It makes certain necessary ordeals much more enjoyable.”</p>

      <p>“With how dangerous things have been recently, it seems safer to be teetotal.”</p>

      <p>Rosa snorted. “I don’t know whether to call that prudence or cowardice.”</p>

      <p>“I do. It’s cowardice.”</p>

      <p>“That from the man who just looked the emperor and his court in the eye and didn’t blink. May I ask why you think so poorly of yourself?”</p>

      <p>From the corner of his eye, Hiro saw Rosa lean closer. His face took on a hollow cast.</p>

      <p>“I’m scared of regretting my choices. In battle, say...no matter if my enemies scream or cry or beg for their lives, I won’t show them any mercy. Not unless I can make use of them, anyway. By letting them go, I might bring misfortune down on the innocent, and that I couldn’t bear.”</p>

      <p>For a while, Rosa only stared. Perhaps it was because of the change in his face that she looked so aghast; perhaps it was because she had glimpsed the madness in his heart. She drained her glass and called to the waiter for more wine. The man returned with a glass of white, the aroma of which she savored for a while before speaking again.</p>

      <p>“How old did you say you were?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be seventeen this year.”</p>

      <p>“That’s quite the twisted attitude for somebody your age. Conceited, even.” Rosa gave a low chuckle. “Now I’m wondering what kind of past could produce a man like you.”</p>

      <p>“Nothing interesting, I promise you. A handful of battlefields, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>“Really? Well, tell me. If I were to make myself your enemy right now, what would you do?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing at first. But I’d draw a line, and if you crossed it, I’d take your head.”</p>

      <p>“You wouldn’t just kill me outright?”</p>

      <p>“My fuse isn’t that short. I’m not a brute.”</p>

      <p>“So you prefer to think things through before you act.”</p>

      <p>“Animals give in to their impulses. Human beings know it isn’t worth it. I’d only create more enemies and alienate my allies, and in the end, I’d be left with more regrets.” Hiro’s eyes took on a distant look as he spoke. For a moment, a shadow of remorse passed across them, but it was gone before Rosa could see.</p>

      <p>Rosa nodded to herself, ruminating on his words. She crossed her arms, pushing up her breasts in the process. “Like Stovell?”</p>

      <p>Hiro thought about that, but no clear answer presented itself.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know him well enough to say. I can tell one thing, though. If I’m twisted, he’s worse.”</p>

      <p>Rosa laughed. “You’re right about that. It’s a shame. There was a time when he would have made the model emperor.”</p>

      <p>“What changed him?”</p>

      <p>“Mjölnir. It chose him when he was eighteen. He was never the same after that. He lost the ability to care about the feelings of the people beneath him. Now he truly believes that might makes right and weakness is to be despised. He’s convinced he’s the strongest of all and fears nothing more than being shown that he isn’t.”</p>

      <p>“I was right, then. He is twisted.”</p>

      <p>“There are no limits to human greed, and coming into power is when that shows the most. Power changes people. You should be careful of that yourself now that you’re a prince.”</p>

      <p>“I will.”</p>

      <p>Rosa’s tongue wetted her lips. Her mouth curled into a smile. “Now, time is upon us. I think we’ve danced around the point long enough, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>She was making her move. Hiro had to focus or this panther would tear off his head.</p>

      <p><em>Playing games will only give her time to scheme.</em></p>

      <p>No, the best move here was to cut straight to the heart of the matter. That would bring the conversation back onto his terms.</p>

      <p>“Because House Kelheit has no more time to spare?” he asked.</p>

      <p>For a fraction of a second, something dangerous flashed in Rosa’s eyes. “You’ve done your research, I see. Not that I can complain. It’s my shortcomings that made it so obvious.”</p>

      <p>“If your nobles had toed the line better, I wouldn’t have known.”</p>

      <p>“If you’ve noticed that much, then there’s no point trying to hide it. Yes, the eastern nobles are on the verge of splitting in two. It’s a man’s world we live in. A female head of house presents certain challenges that many would rather do without.”</p>

      <p>“Like succession passing through the male line in the empire. Even the great houses aren’t above that, I take it.”</p>

      <p>“No, we are not,” Rosa sighed. “And so I must put up with endless suitors.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t blame them,” Hiro said. “All of House Kelheit’s assets are on the table. Their family would become one of the most powerful houses in the empire overnight.”</p>

      <p>“I’m not interested in some other house’s good-for-nothing second son.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure you could find someone better than that.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe, if I tried. But what I really need is somebody who isn’t anyone else’s pawn.”</p>

      <p>Hiro fell silent for a moment, but finally answered. “It won’t work, you know. Marrying me won’t get you what you want.”</p>

      <p>Rosa shook her head. “I’m not asking you to marry me. I doubt you’d want to anyway.”</p>

      <p>“Then what? Are you hoping to have a prince speak up on your behalf? I’m in no position to interfere in a great house’s affairs. Not yet, anyway.”</p>

      <p>“True enough. But there is one thing you can do.”</p>

      <p>“And what’s that?”</p>

      <p>Rosa didn’t reply, but cast a wary gaze around the hall. Someone, somewhere was likely listening in, although it would take exceptionally sharp hearing to make out their conversation through the clamor of the banquet.</p>

      <p>With a sigh, Hiro looked down at the glass on the table. Until now, he had avoided touching it. Rosa had brought it for him, so the chance was high that it was laced with something or other.</p>

      <p><em>But if the alternative is to keep circling around each other like this...</em></p>

      <p>He steeled himself, took the glass in hand, and drained it. The contents tingled as they passed down his throat, but otherwise, nothing happened. Still, that was proof enough that his suspicions had been correct.</p>

      <p>“Just to be certain,” he asked, “was there something in this?”</p>

      <p>Rosa’s eyes went wide. “I’m impressed. You shouldn’t even be able to speak.” She cleared her throat and forced a smile, but dropped it just as quickly, evidently deciding that pretense was useless. “A potent paralytic. It was supposed to addle your mind, but no such luck.”</p>

      <p>“You’d only make things worse for yourself, drugging someone in public.”</p>

      <p>“Would I? You’d hardly be the first man who couldn’t hold his liquor in my company.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve thought this through. I assume you’ve made plans to get me out of here too?”</p>

      <p>“Not that it matters now. I have to say, I didn’t count on you being so resilient. I wonder if you’re even human.”</p>

      <p>Hiro smiled apologetically. “Of course I am. Just a little tougher than most.”</p>

      <p>She laughed weakly. “I should have thought to slip you monster tranquilizer.”</p>

      <p>Whatever she had intended to tell him in private, she couldn’t now. Her gaze fell dejectedly to the floor. Now that her scheme had been revealed, she should have been making herself scarce; the fact that she wasn’t could only mean that her back was to the wall. In view of that, Hiro decided to lend her a helping hand.</p>

      <p>“Don’t give up just yet. Keep going. I’ll play along.”</p>

      <p>Rosa’s lips parted in surprise. “Are you certain? I’m no assassin, but I still tried to poison you— Ah!”</p>

      <p>She yelped as Hiro pulled her close, bringing his lips to her ear. “Then I might as well clear the plate. Make me your offer, and then I’ll decide.”</p>

      <p>Rosa grinned. “To think I let that boyish face fool me. Beneath it, you’re quite the beast.”</p>

      <p>She wrapped her arms around his head, pressing his face into her ample bosom. She might as well have kicked a hornet’s nest. Instantly, the hall was abuzz with whispers.</p>

      <p>“His Highness appears to have exceeded his limits,” she called out to the crowd around. “Would somebody be so kind as to help me carry him back to my mansion?”</p>

      <p>Three ladies and two gentlemen volunteered their services. They approached without hesitation, almost as though they had been expecting to be called upon. Rosa’s plants, no doubt.</p>

      <p>“Some poisons are sweeter than others,” Rosa whispered into his ear as the men hoisted him upright. From a distance, she would simply have looked as though she were assisting. “I’m sure you’ll find mine quite irresistible.”</p>

      <p>“I look forward to finding out.”</p>

      <p>“Shall we be off, then?”</p>

      <p>“Stop,” a quiet voice interrupted.</p>

      <p>Rosa spun around to see Aura. “What a pleasant surprise. What can I do for the illustrious Lady von Bunadala?”</p>

      <p>“Where are you taking him?” Aura demanded.</p>

      <p>“I’m afraid the situation is quite urgent. I will be happy to explain everything...later.”</p>

      <p>Rosa snapped her fingers. At her signal, her three women stepped forward to encircle Aura.</p>

      <p>“Why, Countess von Bunadala!” one cried. “We’d so hoped to speak with you!”</p>

      <p>“Get off me!”</p>

      <p>“Now, now, let’s have none of that.”</p>

      <p>With her spirit weapon absent and her arm in a sling, Aura could muster little resistance. The women had no difficulty keeping her trapped in place.</p>

      <p>Rosa ran a slender fingertip down Hiro’s eyepatch. “Now that that’s taken care of, shall we go somewhere quieter?”</p>

      <p>The nobles carried Hiro from the chamber and across the palace estate to Rosa’s mansion. There, all but Rosa excused themselves, leaving the two of them alone in a moonlit room. Rosa took a seat in an intricately decorated chair, while Hiro reclined on an enormous bed large enough for five people to lie abreast.</p>

      <p>“I should apologize,” the countess said. “I’d expected things to go more smoothly, in more ways than one.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it,” Hiro said. “Still, I think it’s time you told me what this is all about.”</p>

      <p>“Very well. Although by this point, I’m sure you’ve guessed.”</p>

      <p>“More or less.”</p>

      <p>The entire banquet hall had witnessed a drunken prince and an eligible widow exchange a scandalous embrace, then retreat to the latter’s mansion long before the night was done. It was not hard to imagine what they would conclude.</p>

      <p>“If I let it be known that I was your mistress,” Rosa said, “I could finally keep my suitors at bay.”</p>

      <p>“Only for a while. You’d still need to find a husband eventually.”</p>

      <p>“True. If I were only your mistress.” A shaft of moonlight fell on Rosa through the window in the dark of the night, limning her sultry figure with a silver glow. “But what if I were to bear your child?”</p>

      <p>Hiro almost forgot how to breathe. “Wha...?”</p>

      <p>“That is how I will thwart House Krone’s ambitions. I will become your lover. I will use your authority as the fourth prince and the second emperor’s heir to bring my nobles back in line. Then I will bear your child and install them as the new head of House Kelheit. I told you, didn’t I? What I really need is somebody who isn’t anyone else’s pawn.”</p>

      <p>“The rest of House Kelheit won’t stand for that. I’d effectively be taking over the house.”</p>

      <p>“If it means bringing Emperor Schwartz’s blood into the family line, they’ll stand for anything I ask them to.”</p>

      <p>“But neither of us—” The triumphant grin on Rosa’s face stopped Hiro’s protest in his throat.</p>

      <p>“No, the bloodline would not die out. We would marry the child to the daughter of a branch family. The von Kelheit line would endure, strengthened by the blood of Emperor Schwartz. How could any of them object to that?”</p>

      <p>Hiro could only listen.</p>

      <p>“And you’d be richly rewarded for your trouble. You’d have me in your bed every night, as well as the support of all the eastern nobles. Not a bad deal, don’t you think?”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t, especially in view of the challenges ahead. Rosa’s personal virtues aside, Hiro was most lacking in funds and connections. House Kelheit could provide him with both.</p>

      <p>“Besides, I’m not asking you to get me with child tonight. I’m no loose woman, no matter what you may think. I’d appreciate some time to ready myself...although I won’t force my reservations on you if you don’t care for them. We could do it now, if you like.”</p>

      <p>Hiro struggled to piece together a reply. “I’ll happily be your ally,” he finally said, “but I’m not interested in children.”</p>

      <p>Rosa gave a low chuckle. “I’ll be content with that, for now. A part of me does dread what Liz might say.”</p>

      <p>She stood up, walked over, and eased herself onto the bed. It creaked beneath her weight as she moved closer.</p>

      <p>“Now, it’s gotten rather late. We ought to turn in for the night.”</p>

      <p>“Do we really have to share?” Hiro asked. “I can take the sofa.”</p>

      <p>“That would defeat the purpose. I want to know that we slept together, even if not in the way people think.” With a mischievous grin, she wrapped herself around his arm. “Although don’t hold back if the mood takes you. I won’t push you away.”</p>

      <p>“Can’t we at least sleep on opposite ends of the bed?”</p>

      <p>Rosa’s only reply was deep, regular breathing.</p>

      <p>“You drop off just as quickly as your sister.”</p>

      <p>Faint memories of a night in the mountains flitted through Hiro’s head. He closed his eyes and, swaddled in feminine softness, fell into a deep slumber.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊</p>

      <p>Great paintings covered the walls from corner to corner, while curios from all over the world decorated every surface. Every last piece was a work of the finest craftsmanship, turning the very room in which it lay into an ostentatious display of power. This was the Chamber of the Sovereign, where the emperor himself resided, a hidden location that only his most trusted retainers knew existed. In the center stood Chancellor Graeci, and before him lay the seated figure of the forty-eighth emperor of the Grantzian Empire, Emperor Greiheit.</p>

      <p>The emperor regarded the chancellor with a hawk’s eyes, a wine glass in one hand. “Is there something you wish to say?”</p>

      <p>“I wonder only if you were too lenient with the first prince,” the chancellor said. “If you intend to take advantage of Lord Hiro, surely it would do no harm to weaken his competition. A demotion in the line of succession would not have gone amiss.”</p>

      <p>“That would impede the necessary groundwork for our future plans. This you know as well as I.”</p>

      <p>“You speak of our intent to topple House Krone.”</p>

      <p>“The ancient houses think of nothing but self-preservation. House Krone are no exception, rotted through as they are. Yet even a mange-ridden old cur can draw blood if cornered too hastily. Better to trap it in a cage and starve it, then wring its neck once it no longer has the strength to resist.”</p>

      <p>“One can only hope that they go quietly into their cage.”</p>

      <p>“They will if they believe they do so by choice. They will never suspect that they dance to our tune, even as we lure them to their doom. The old order will crumble, and from its ruins new houses will rise, young and lean and hungry as this great nation must be.”</p>

      <p>Emperor Greiheit took a long sniff of his wine, then let the glass fall to the floor, sending glittering shards flying in all directions. A burgundy stain seeped into the plush carpet. The emperor’s smile deepened as he watched it spread.</p>

      <p>“I despise decadence.”</p>

      <p>Chancellor Graeci stooped to clear up the glass shards, but the emperor stopped him with a wave. “Throw it all away. More importantly, how do you gauge my newest son?”</p>

      <p>“This man would know better than I, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>The chancellor clapped his hands. A man in a traveler’s cloak appeared as if from nowhere behind him and fell to one knee.</p>

      <p>“To speak honestly, Your Majesty,” the man said, “I fear I am not qualified to take his measure.”</p>

      <p>Chancellor Graeci’s eyebrows twitched imperceptibly. Though this man wore the attire of a traveler, he was a prominent member of Vang, House Scharm’s private cadre of assassins. That he had failed at his task was surprising, to say the least.</p>

      <p>“It is most unfortunate that you were so outmatched.” Graeci made no effort to hide his disappointment.</p>

      <p>The man bowed his head in shame. “I can only apologize.”</p>

      <p>Like all assassins of Vang—or “Death’s Head”—he had honed his skills tirelessly until he wavered on the brink of death, devoting his body and soul to perfecting his art. After a lifetime of devotion, he had at last proven himself worthy of a personal assignment from his master: the simple task of assessing one boy’s strength. For a man who had survived the ordeals he had, that should have been trivial.</p>

      <p>“One moment he was there, the next he had a knife to one of my hired peasants’ backs. That is all I can say for certain.”</p>

      <p>“That will do,” Chancellor Graeci said. “Take your ease. I will notify you later as regards your punishment.”</p>

      <p>“My lord.” The assassin melted back into the shadows.</p>

      <p>The chancellor breathed an exasperated sigh before turning to the emperor. He gave a shamefaced bow. “My apologies, Your Majesty. It appears I chose the wrong man.”</p>

      <p>“Think nothing of it. I know enough of your Vang not to doubt their efficacy.” The emperor closed his eyes and sighed. “Have them infiltrate Berg Fortress. This time, they will not fail.”</p>

      <p>“As Your Majesty commands.”</p>

      <p>With that, Chancellor Graeci turned around and left the Chamber of the Sovereign.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊</p>

      <p><em>The next morning</em></p>

      <p>A shaft of morning sunlight fell on Hiro’s face, rousing him from sleep. The sheets next to him were unoccupied. The mistress of the house must have already left on some errand.</p>

      <p><em>Where am I supposed to freshen up?</em></p>

      <p>He approached the door, intending to look for a washroom, but it opened from the other side. Rosa entered, exuding a palpable air of allure. She had somehow squeezed herself into a military uniform, although it was still noticeably tight around the chest.</p>

      <p>Her face fell. “Oh, you’re awake.”</p>

      <p>“Only just gotten up. Could I ask where the washroom—?”</p>

      <p>“That can wait. You have a visitor.” Rosa jerked a thumb backward, her usual exuberance strangely cowed.</p>

      <p>Hiro peered at her for a second, then glanced over her shoulder to see the long, bony face of Chancellor Graeci.</p>

      <p>The elderly man inclined his head. “Forgive me for calling so early.”</p>

      <p>Hiro looked at him quizzically. “What are you doing here?”</p>

      <p>“I come bearing a letter from His Majesty the Emperor. I regret the inconvenience, but I deemed its importance too great to entrust to another.”</p>

      <p>“A letter from His Majesty?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. I trust you understand that it is for your eyes only.”</p>

      <p>The chancellor handed over the letter with a fleeting but pointed glance at Rosa, then bowed and excused himself. As Hiro saw the man out, he became conscious of Rosa’s gaze burning into the envelope.</p>

      <p>“Interested?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“Only if you decide you’re willing to show me.” She shrugged. The message was clear: <em>do as you like</em>. She set out along the corridor, but stopped almost immediately. “Meet me in the dining room once you’re done,” she said over her shoulder. “Breakfast will be waiting for you. And the well’s in the courtyard if you want to freshen up.”</p>

      <p>With a goodbye wave, she turned the corner and was gone.</p>

      <p>Hiro looked down at the letter in his hands, failing to suppress a yawn. He could more or less guess what it said.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe I’ll go look for that well</em>, he thought.</p>

      <p>The courtyard was easy enough to find. He walked up to the well and splashed some water onto his face only to realize that there was no towel nearby. He searched around, blinking through the water in his eyes, but there was not so much as a scrap of cloth.</p>

      <p><em>I guess I’ll dry off eventually.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro accepted defeat and started trudging toward the dining room. Just then, something soft settled on his head. Reaching for it, he found that it was a white towel. He wiped his face dry, then looked around for whoever had given it to him.</p>

      <p>“Thanks. I apprecia—”</p>

      <p>His thanks caught in his throat before he could finish. There stood Aura, one hand on her hip, legs planted wide, scowling as furiously as he’d ever seen.</p>

      <p>“The Black Prince, I see. Did you enjoy yourself last night?”</p>

      <p>What she was doing here was only the first of Hiro’s many questions, but one was more pressing than the rest.</p>

      <p>“Who’s ‘the Black Prince’?”</p>

      <p>“That’s what they call you now.”</p>

      <p>“Who’s ‘they’?”</p>

      <p>“The nobles who watched you take advantage of a vulnerable young widow last night.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve got to be kidding me... Hold on, it was her who took me home, not the other way around!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry. I made that up.”</p>

      <p>Hiro let out a long breath. “Don’t do that. You almost gave me a heart attack.”</p>

      <p>“They actually call you that because you seduced the Iron Countess.”</p>

      <p>“The who?”</p>

      <p>“Their name for Countess von Kelheit. For the way she takes any excuse to turn down her suitors.” Aura’s eyes narrowed in disdain. “After how quickly you talked your way into her bedchamber, it’s no surprise they’re whispering about you. Half the court wants to know the secrets of your silver tongue.”</p>

      <p>“Argh, what have I done?”</p>

      <p>Hiro clutched his head in his hands. He had expected his actions would set people talking, but he had never meant to make this great of a fuss, let alone provoke envy.</p>

      <p>Aura stepped closer to look up at him with leaden gray eyes. “I warned you to be careful of women.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I should have listened.”</p>

      <p>“House Kelheit are the ones spreading the rumors. No other house would be so eager to inflate your reputation. If it were me, I’d be telling everyone I knew that you fell face-first into a scheming widow’s bodice. For example.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>