<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>He took a shallow breath, brandished Excalibur high—and launched into motion.</p>

      <p>“What—?”</p>

      <p>Garda only had a moment to register his surprise before a streak of sublime light bore down on him. Liegegrazalt was its name—a blistering assault accelerated to supersonic speeds. The Heavenly Sovereign’s Godspeed left the realm of sound behind.</p>

      <p>Garda thrust Bebensleif forward to guard against the flurry, but his right arm buckled, spraying blood. Before he could even grimace in pain, another streak of light was upon him. That, he could not block or evade. Blood sprayed across his enormous frame.</p>

      <p>“Gaaah!”</p>

      <p>The zlosta tried to fight back, but he could not even see his enemy. He could only swing blindly, chasing the blur of Hiro’s ghost. The streaks of light multiplied, mocking his efforts. Countless lacerations scored his skin.</p>

      <p>“Behind you.”</p>

      <p>Hiro solidified into being behind Garda’s back to plant a brutal kick in his ribs. For a moment, Garda threatened to topple, but then he flared with mana, bracing his legs with sand to weather the impact. Gritting his teeth, he spun around with all his might, sweeping Bebensleif around to clear the clotted air. Hiro leaped high before the blade could draw close.</p>

      <p>“I’ve got you now!” Garda growled. “In midair, you’re a sitting duck!” His trap sprung, the zlosta thrust his greatsword directly at Hiro.</p>

      <p>“Guess again.” Hiro summoned a spirit weapon beneath his feet. Using the impromptu foothold to correct his trajectory, he brought Excalibur down with vicious force.</p>

      <p>“Bah!” Garda spat as he was forced back onto the defensive. Like that, he was once more fending off Hiro’s ever-changing assault. He blocked the boy’s blade only to see a fist bearing down on him; he dodged the punch only for a kick to slam into his belly; he stopped the kick only to find that silver blade coming for his throat.</p>

      <p>“Stay still, curse you!”</p>

      <p>Snarling in anger, he swung desperately, but his swings only found thin air. In the sweltering heat, his wild motions sapped his strength. Before long, he fell to his knees in exhaustion, his chest heaving. Sweat gushed from his forehead. Blood trickled from his countless wounds.</p>

      <p>Hiro looked down at his foe and lowered his sword. “Have you had enough yet?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t mock me. I’m far from done!”</p>

      <p>Hiro sighed. “That’s a shame. I’d hoped for a peaceful surrender.”</p>

      <p>He wiped away his sweat with the back of his hand, catching his breath, and looked around. Battle cries rose into the air as the imperial soldiers slaughtered the enemy. They pulled riders from their camels, mobbed the men as they struggled to rise, and hacked them to death. The rebel army’s initial momentum had long petered out.</p>

      <p>“Stand firm, men!” someone shouted. “Mars watches over us!”</p>

      <p>The imperials, clad in their heavy armor, were no ordinary warriors—they were the Grantzian Empire’s Fourth Legion, protectors of the south. Although the zlosta had slain their commander, Kigui, they were experienced enough not to descend into panic. If anything, they fell on the rebel army with renewed fury. The wings closed around from the sides, making the enclosure complete. Shouts and cries drifted on the wind from the enemy lines, accompanied by the stench of blood and death.</p>

      <p>Hiro turned away from the hellish spectacle and back to Garda. “Besides,” he said, “you can hardly use your Fellblade.”</p>

      <p>He had fought a wielder of Bebensleif before. On that occasion he had not been able to pick them apart so easily. A mighty warrior in their own right, their skillful use of the Fellblade’s Force had restricted his agility and forced him onto the back foot. Even with Excalibur’s blessing lending him strength, this should not have been such an easy fight—Garda’s Fellblade should have been granting the zlosta the same boon. Hiro had a theory about that, however.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know what your sword saw in you,” he said, “but whatever it is, you’re losing it. Although I’m sure you know that even better than I do.”</p>

      <p>Garda grinned sheepishly. “I’ll admit it. It’s all but given up on me, and yes, I know why. But still, I choose to fight. I must.”</p>

      <p>“You’ll never be able to beat me without it.”</p>

      <p>This was not the world of a thousand years ago. In this age, the spirits ruled Soleil. Though they stayed away from Lichtein, the atmospheric mana here would still be extremely thin. Garda’s manastone would do him no good with its true power inaccessible. With his Fellblade abandoning him on top of that, he had no hope of defeating Hiro.</p>

      <p>“Surrender. Please. I’ll make sure you’re treated well.”</p>

      <p>That was a lie—there was every chance that circumstance would force Hiro to make cruel use of Garda and the rest of the rebels—but he could not say that. It would only encourage them to fight harder.</p>

      <p>Whether or not Garda had seen through Hiro’s charade, the zlosta answered with a defiant snort. “Make us. I’m sure you’ll have no trouble, seeing how easily you bested me.”</p>

      <p>Hiro had a contingency plan for this eventuality, one that involved breaking Garda’s will to fight. First, he had to rattle the man.</p>

      <p>“You know,” he said, “you spend an awful lot of time looking over your shoulder.” The zlosta kept his face impassive, but Hiro didn’t miss the way he flinched. “There’s someone important to you back there, isn’t there?”</p>

      <p>Several times throughout their battle, Garda had seemed distracted. Even now, though he was in mortal danger, his attention was still divided between Hiro and something behind his back.</p>

      <p>“You wouldn’t dare.” The zlosta glared up at Hiro with undisguised fury. It was as good as an admission.</p>

      <p>Hiro considered for a moment. “Liz!” he called. “Can you stand?”</p>

      <p>“I... Yes. I’m all right. Better than I was, anyway.”</p>

      <p>“I need you to go into the heart of their army. Fetch the girl they call their leader.”</p>

      <p>The zlosta reacted just as Hiro expected. “Over my dead body!” he bellowed. As his fury swelled, the very air around him began to warp. Hiro sensed an outpouring of a tremendous amount of mana. A stinging heat scorched his skin.</p>

      <p>This, he hadn’t quite expected. It was rare for a zlosta to care at all for any member of another race, let alone to this degree. Typically, they considered anything other than pureblood zlosta to be inferior species. At the very least, they had made no secret of their prejudices a thousand years ago; they had regarded the other peoples with contempt, of value only as slaves. The zlosta were superior beings, they believed, their primacy beyond question. It was that very arrogance that had cost them the war against the Fourfold Alliance. Garda might simply be an anomaly, but in any case, if this girl really did mean something to him, they would have to move quickly.</p>

      <p>“Go, Liz. I can handle this.”</p>

      <p>The rebel army was surrounded. Before long, the girl would fall victim to the fighting. If she really was Garda’s raison d’etre, her death would mean the end of any chance for his surrender. The Fourth Legion and the rebels would continue to fight until one of them wiped the other out. From a strategic perspective, that would be a disaster. Word of the battle had surely already reached the ducal army. If the Lichtein forces flanked them now, even the Fourth Legion would not last.</p>

      <p><em>Besides, I can’t afford to suffer major losses. Not if I’m going to make a good account of myself.</em></p>

      <p>He needed a victory that would give the central nobles no grounds for complaint. The best way to do that was to force the rebels to surrender, then repel the ducal army.</p>

      <p>“I’m counting on you, Liz.”</p>

      <p>“Consider it done.” Liz vaulted back into the saddle and turned her mount toward the remnants of the rebel army.</p>

      <p>“I think not!” Garda made to follow her, but Hiro moved between them, with Excalibur leveled at the zlosta’s chest.</p>

      <p>“No, <em>I</em> think not. This is over.”</p>

      <p>They had discovered where Garda’s heart lay, and Hiro trusted that Liz would recover the girl. The zlosta had as good as lost.</p>

      <p>The giant man snorted. “If you want to keep me here, you’ll have to cut off my feet.” He lunged for Hiro.</p>

      <p>Hiro slipped inside the zlosta’s guard. “Sorry, but you need to take a nap for a while.”</p>

      <p>He drove his fist directly into Garda’s face from point-blank range. As the man’s head snapped back, Hiro grabbed it, drove a knee into Garda’s stomach, then spun and smashed his heel into the side of the man’s skull. His foe grunted in pain, rocking on his feet. Hiro grasped the zlosta by the face and flung him flat, sending up a cloud of sand. He raised his leg high, blowing the sand away in the process, and brought his foot down hard on Garda’s solar plexus, driving the zlosta’s body down into the sand. At last, his foe was out cold.</p>

      <p>Hiro turned to the nearby soldiers. “Tie him up tight. I don’t want him running away.”</p>

      <p>He replaced his grip on Excalibur’s hilt and took off toward the rebel troops still putting up a fight.</p>

      <p>“Eaaagh!”</p>

      <p>“He’s coming! He’s coming for us!”</p>

      <p>Garda’s defeat sent a wave of dismay through his army. Some of the rebels tried to break and flee, but they were surrounded. There was no hope of escape.</p>

      <p>“It’s no use running, you lackwits!” a cry went up. “We’ve got to help the boss!”</p>

      <p>If escape wasn’t an option, they would have to fight—but they had no chance against an enemy they could not even see. Hiro cut them down in the blink of an eye. Every swish of his sword drew forth a new scream and a new spray of gore. Blood began to pool in the desert sands. Cheers went up from the imperial lines as their enemy wilted. The bodies were piled high when the front lines of the second cohort bellowed a victory cry. The rebels’ resistance flagged, and despair spread through their ranks.</p>

      <p>“Now it’s all up to Liz.”</p>

      <p>By then, the battle was over, but a few pockets of resistance still held out. Hiro would need Garda and the girl to convince the most determined rebels to yield.</p>

      <p>He threaded his way back through the rebel lines, past men who were already laying down their weapons, and returned to where he had left Garda. A huddle of imperial soldiers surrounded the zlosta, obscuring him from view. There were too many to simply be guarding him. Hiro pushed his way through the group and into the clearing at the center.</p>

      <p>“This is our world, fiendkin! And when you defy us...<em>this</em> is what you get!”</p>

      <p>A noble’s offspring clad in expensive armor was raining kicks down on Garda, with other soldiers joining in the violence.</p>

      <p>“If not for Zertheus’s mercy, Mars would have ended your line a thousand years ago! You forget your debts, you ungrateful cur!”</p>

      <p>Hiro understood the men’s frustrations. They had just seen their comrades slaughtered before their eyes. It was only natural for emotions to be running high. If they had been a little more discreet about it, he would have let them be. What he could not overlook, however, were subordinates willing to publicly undermine the interests of the army for the sake of venting their anger.</p>

      <p>“I would suggest you leave it there.” Hiro’s tone made it clear that he would not take no for an answer. Affronted stares converged on him from all sides.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you would, would you?” the noble sneered. “And who do you think you’re talking to?”</p>

      <p>“You and your lackeys.”</p>

      <p>“Do you know who I am, boy?”</p>

      <p>“Please, enlighten me. I’m sure your career must be illustrious.”</p>

      <p>“You have the honor of addressing Daniele von Edouard, commander of the Twenty-Sixth Battalion.”</p>

      <p>The good Sir Edouard must have been stationed toward the rear of the first cohort. If he had witnessed Hiro fight, he would not have put on such airs. Indeed, the soldiers who had seen Hiro’s charge were slowly shrinking away. Sir Edouard must have decided to show his face after hearing about the captured zlosta. Not only had he acted outside of orders, he had done so to enable mistreatment of a prisoner. That constituted a clear violation of military regulations—one Hiro could not ignore.</p>

      <p>“I’ll give you a choice, boy,” Sir Edouard sneered. “Be my cupbearer or be a corpse.”</p>

      <p>A battalion commander would make for an ideal example to impress upon the men the rule of law. Meanwhile, in the battles to come, this man’s life would be worth less than Garda’s. Hiro’s mind settled on the conclusion that his future plans had no need for Daniele von Edouard.</p>

      <p>“I won’t give you a choice at all,” Hiro said. “You won’t be hard to replace.”</p>

      <p>The man narrowed his eyes, perplexed. “What?”</p>

      <p>“Didn’t you hear? I said your life is worthless to me.”</p>

      <p>“You little—”</p>

      <p>Sir Edouard made to grab Hiro, but his head sailed free from his shoulders, trailing a ribbon of blood through the air. It hit the ground with a red splash, its features still contorted in rage.</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s not quite true. Your death was quite educational.”</p>

      <p>As the soldiers watched in stunned silence, Hiro crouched beside Garda.</p>

      <p>“Are you all right?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve woken to worse,” the zlosta grunted.</p>

      <p>“I don’t want you dying on me. Don’t worry. I’ll make sure no one else gets any bright ideas.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll take a hundred of these milksops over whatever you are.”</p>

      <p>Hiro chuckled. “I’ll take that as a compliment.”</p>

      <p>He stood up and looked around. By then, the soldiers had recovered their wits. Their hands were drifting to their hilts. Some looked on the verge of drawing steel.</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t do that,” Hiro warned. “That’s punishable by death.”</p>

      <p>His swiftdrake stalked through the group to his side, glaring at the soldiers as it passed. He removed the long pole hanging from the beast’s flank and drove it into the ground. The wind seized the fabric wrapped around the tip and flung it wide. There, beneath the bright blue sky, fluttered the heraldry of a man who had once been myth—a sight now spoken of only in legends and seen only in picture books, so holy was it to the people of the Grantzian Empire. A dragon on a black field, clutching a silver sword: the sacred standard of Mars, the second emperor and the War God of the Twelve Divines. The <em>sazul</em>.</p>

      <p>The soldiers were struck dumb. Their eyes moved between Hiro and the flag, the flag and Hiro, as though they were looking at some kind of legendary beast. Nobody spoke. They could only stand with mouths agape.</p>

      <p>In the end, it was Garda who broke the silence with a bellowing laugh. “I see now. I see it all!” The zlosta roared his fury to the sky as Hiro looked on. “<em>This</em> is why you spared my life?! <em>This</em> is what you wanted?! You <em>used</em> me!”</p>

      <p>As the last syllable left Garda’s mouth, the zlosta’s Fellblade began to glow. Slowly but surely, the weapon dissolved into thin air. A flicker of loss crossed his face, but only for a moment. Soon, his regret faded into an exhausted acceptance.</p>

      <p>“Faithful to the end, eh?” he muttered.</p>

      <p>Hiro could tell from Garda’s face that the Fellblade had abandoned him at last.</p>

      <p>“Now you’re just like any other zlosta,” he said. “Although if your manastone is anything to go by, you can still take care of yourself.”</p>

      <p>“Well? Have you humbled me enough yet?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not gloating, if that’s what you’re asking. Your sword’s choices make no difference to me.”</p>

      <p>With or without his Fellblade, Garda would play the same role in Hiro’s plans.</p>

      <p>Hiro cast a glance over the soldiers. They were staring at him goggle-eyed, unsure of what to do. He idly wondered how long they meant to stay like that.</p>

      <p>With a sigh, he addressed them. “I am Hiro Schwartz von Grantz of the line of the second emperor. As of several days ago, I am also fourth prince of the empire.” His voice was not loud, but it carried, even above the din of battle. “As a member of the royal family, I have a duty to enforce the rule of law. Good Sir Edouard engaged in the gross mistreatment of a prisoner. I have punished him accordingly. If anybody here objects to his sentence, you may step forward now.”</p>

      <p>Neither was his voice especially sweet, but it held within it a power to command.</p>

      <p>“Nobody? Good. Now, restrain those two, if you would.”</p>

      <p>Hiro indicated the men who had been Sir Edouard’s partners in crime. Shock and dismay spread across their faces. They backed away, but the rest of the soldiers quickly detained them.</p>

      <p>“Get your hands off me!”</p>

      <p>“What have I done so wrong?! That fiendkin cut down my friends! Yours too!”</p>

      <p>After executing Sir Edouard, Hiro could not afford to let these men off the hook. If his command was seen as inconsistent, it would harm morale and breed resentment in the ranks. It would be necessary to assign them a suitable punishment.</p>

      <p>“Take them to the rear,” he commanded. “The rest of you, spread word through the army that mistreatment of enemy captives will not be tolerated.”</p>

      <p>The soldiers sprang into action with lightning speed. As they scrambled to their duties, Hiro returned his gaze to Garda.</p>

      <p>“Your girl should be here soon,” he said.</p>

      <p>“If you’ve harmed a single hair on her head, I’ll take yours off.”</p>

      <p>“She means a lot to you. Can I ask why?”</p>

      <p>Garda hesitated for a moment but decided there was no use playing coy. “It’s not so easy for a zlosta to lead a human rebellion. She made a better leader. One they could trust. Played the part happily for me too, though she did all the work and I reaped all the benefits. I meant to see her back to her hometown when this was all over. It was the least I could do, I thought. And now I can’t even do that.”</p>

      <p>“Then I think I have a proposal for you.”</p>

      <p>“And what might that be?”</p>

      <p>“If you swear to serve me, I’ll make certain that she gets home safely.”</p>

      <p>Garda’s forehead creased with suspicion.</p>

      <p>“It’s not a bad deal, if you ask me,” Hiro continued. “If you’re thinking about escaping with her, give it up. You don’t stand a chance without your Fellblade. Although you don’t seem like the type for pointless heroics anyway.”</p>

      <p>“And why should I take you at your word? Who’s to say you’ll hold up your end of the bargain?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll swear it on the Spirit King’s name.” Hiro glanced south as he spoke. A horse was approaching with Liz on its back.</p>

      <p>The sixth princess tugged on the reins, bringing her mount to a stop before them. “I’ve got her,” she said. A young girl sat in front of her on the saddle, swathed in a black cloak.</p>

      <p>“Good work,” Hiro said. “What’s her name?”</p>

      <p>The girl spoke for herself. “Mille, commander of the Liberation Army.”</p>

      <p>Hiro peered under her hood to get a better look at her face. He was immediately struck by a familiarity he couldn’t quite place.</p>

      <p>“Uncle Garda!”</p>

      <p>As Hiro tried to remember where he might have seen her before, Mille leaped from the horse and flung her arms around the zlosta.</p>

      <p>“Forgive me,” Garda said. “I could not do as I promised.”</p>

      <p>Mille shook her head. “I’m just glad you’re all right...”</p>

      <p>“Nobody hurt you, did they?”</p>

      <p>“No. The nice lady made sure they didn’t touch me.”</p>

      <p>“Good.”</p>

      <p>As the two took comfort in their reunion, Hiro turned to Liz. “Before we go any further, how are things on the front line?”</p>

      <p>“By the time I made it there, only Mille and her guards were left.”</p>

      <p>“That was all?”</p>

      <p>“That was all.” Liz nodded. “The rest ran as soon as the fighting broke out, or so I heard. Apparently, the same thing happened to the rear guard. Half of the soldiers deserted, and the ones who were left couldn’t put up much of a fight.”</p>

      <p>“Do you know where these deserters went?”</p>

      <p>“East, I think.”</p>

      <p>“Interesting.”</p>

      <p>Hiro turned his gaze to the east. There, where the rear guard had fled, lay Fort Arzabah. A gentle incline blocked him from seeing any farther. He turned back to Garda.</p>

      <p>“Tell me, did you use sellswords for your rear guard?”</p>

      <p>The zlosta nodded. “Mostly. And a handful of freedmen.”</p>

      <p>That clinched it. The ducal army must have bought out the rear guard. When and how they had managed it were questions for another day. The problem now was what to do about it.</p>

      <p>“Liz, you command two thousand, don’t you? I’m guessing you left Tris in charge?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right.”</p>

      <p>Hiro gestured to two nearby cavalrymen. The men snapped to attention.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Highness!”</p>

      <p>“I know you’re not messengers, but you’re all I’ve got. You, ride to the left flank and find Sir Tarmier. Instruct him to deploy his forces east. Tell him it’s on the orders of Lady Celia Estrella.”</p>

      <p>“At once, Your Highness!” The first man rode off as fast as his steed could carry him.</p>

      <p>“And you, ride to the core of the army and find General von Kilo. Tell him that the ducal army is coming from the east and he is to ready the reserves immediately. Make sure he understands that the fourth prince commands it.”</p>

      <p>“Consider it done!” The second, too, departed.</p>

      <p>With that, Hiro turned back to Liz. “And you...go and find Tris as fast as you can. I want you in command of the left flank.”</p>

      <p>“And what will you do?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“The ducal army is riding this way as we speak. I’m going to bloody their noses. Hopefully that will buy us some time.” Hiro hefted his standard and mounted his swiftdrake.</p>

      <p>“And what of us?” Garda interjected.</p>

      <p>“Mille will ride with Liz. You follow behind on camelback.” Hiro’s sword shimmered silver as it sliced through the zlosta’s bonds.</p>

      <p>“You’d set me free? For all you know, I might kill your lady friend and make a run for it.”</p>

      <p>“You’re no threat to Liz without your Fellblade. As I said, if you’re thinking about escaping with Mille, give it up.”</p>

      <p>Besides, there was no guarantee that Garda would be safe if Hiro left him here. The zlosta’s escape was a risk, but so was his death. This was the best way. At least Hiro could feel confident that Garda would not run—not if it meant leaving Mille behind. Placing the girl into Liz’s keeping gave him some leverage over the zlosta. Garda would do as he asked.</p>

      <p>“I won’t be long,” Hiro said.</p>

      <p>Already, a cloud of sand was rising skyward from the other side of the eastern rise. Hiro’s lips pressed into a line as he spurred his swiftdrake across the desert.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊</p>

      <p>The ducal army had advanced to within spitting distance of the battlefield. They numbered five thousand: two wings of camel riders, one thousand men apiece, with one thousand slaves leading the vanguard, and a core and rear guard comprising two thousand infantry.</p>

      <p>Leading the army was the duke’s second son, Karl Oruk Lichtein, with Marquis Rankeel Caligula Gilbrist as his vice-commander. The two men’s faces were sour as they rode side by side.</p>

      <p>“I took none of them for heroes,” Rankeel scowled, “but I thought they’d have more steel than that.”</p>

      <p>On the previous day, the eleventh hour before the battle, a report had arrived from the north. A separate imperial force was burning towns and villages in the wake of the main army. Such tactics were to be expected, given how deep the imperials had plunged into enemy territory, but the nobles, growing fearful for their lands, had started clamoring for negotiation or surrender. The time Rankeel and Karl had needed to spare calming them down had delayed their advance.</p>

      <p>“Spineless, the pack of them. They reap only what they have sown.”</p>

      <p>Rankeel’s words were not entirely true—the nobles who had chosen war with the empire had perished in battle with the rebel army. Even so, surrender was out of the question, and negotiation would be impossible without first repelling the Fourth Legion. Maintaining Lichtein’s integrity as a nation would require negotiating favorable terms. If they folded before even drawing swords, they would be the laughingstock of Soleil.</p>

      <p>“The battle to come will decide everything, my lord.”</p>

      <p>Karl smiled. “I leave it in your capable hands.”</p>

      <p>As Rankeel nodded, a messenger ran up to him.</p>

      <p>“My lord!” the man shouted. “Troops are approaching from the rebel army!”</p>

      <p>“The sellswords, I presume. So they’ve managed to break away.”</p>

      <p>“Shall we add them to our ranks?” the messenger asked.</p>

      <p>“No. Let them fight on their own.”</p>

      <p>The ducal army was already chasing lost time. Integrating the sellswords into their number would only slow them down further. Besides, Rankeel did not trust men who fought for gold. They cared nothing for their comrades or their homeland, only for lining their own pockets. Such men would desert at the drop of a hat, if they didn’t stab their employers in the back first. To bring them into the ducal army’s ranks would be asking for trouble.</p>

      <p>“Bring me their leader,” Rankeel continued. “I wish to know the state of the field.”</p>

      <p>“At once, my lord!” The messenger departed back down the road.</p>

      <p>Before long, a man dressed in light armor rode up in his place. His garb was crusted with dried blood, and his grimy face was devoid of the slightest spark of intellect. He might as well have been a common bandit.</p>

      <p>Rankeel looked the man over and frowned. On closer inspection, the sellsword was wearing the armor of the ducal army. The bloodstains were not new either; they were days old at the least. Knowing that this man had fought with the rebels, it was not hard to connect the dots: he had taken this armor from the same battlefield where Duke Lichtein had met his end. The realization was enough to disturb even Rankeel’s composure. Fury began to boil in his breast.</p>

      <p>“Thankee for your custom, sirs.” The man rubbed the back of his head with a patently insincere smile, entirely oblivious to Rankeel’s anger. He bobbed his head in acknowledgment.</p>

      <p>Rankeel was tempted to cut the impudent lout down from his horse right then and there, but he took a deep breath and did his best to suppress the urge.</p>

      <p>Karl, sensing Rankeel’s disquiet, responded in his stead. “You have fought bravely, my friend. I am Karl Oruk Lichtein, and I would be honored to fight by your side.”</p>

      <p>The sellsword gave an unpleasant laugh. “And I yours. After the fat lot of gold you’re payin’ me, it’s only right ye get your money’s worth.”</p>

      <p>“How fares the battle?”</p>

      <p>“Heh. Well, I can tell ye the rebels are takin’ a real beating. Only a matter of time afore they cave, I’d say.”</p>

      <p>“That bodes ill. We must hurry, Marquis.”</p>

      <p>Karl’s words snapped Rankeel back to reality. He nodded. “Indeed we must. You, sellsword.”</p>

      <p>“What can I do for ye?”</p>

      <p>“You and your men will lead the way. Our scouts have not yet covered the terrain. You must show us where to flank the Fourth Legion.”</p>

      <p>Karl cocked his head quizzically. Their scouts had been reporting regularly. They knew exactly where the battle was taking place.</p>

      <p>“Can you do this?” Rankeel continued.</p>

      <p>“Consider it done, sirs. They’ll never know what hit ’em.”</p>

      <p>As the sellsword departed, Karl turned to Rankeel. “Why did you say that?”</p>

      <p>“Why did I lie, you mean?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. That man was sneering at you behind his smile. I am certain he thinks our scouts are fools.”</p>

      <p>“I hope he does. He would not have agreed to lead the way otherwise.”</p>

      <p>“Is that worth shaming ourselves?”</p>

      <p>“The fate of our homeland hangs in the balance. To fail it now on account of pride would be the greatest shame of all. Let idiots smile their vapid smiles if they wish.”</p>

      <p>Karl thought for a moment. “I see,” he said finally. “You are a far better master of your emotions than I. If only I could restrain myself so easily.”</p>

      <p>Despite his words, Karl still seemed dissatisfied. The conversation fell into a lull.</p>

      <p>Rankeel grunted. “Did you see the armor the lout was wearing? It was of ducal make.”</p>

      <p>“How could I not? It was filthy, but the design is distinctive. I suppose he must have bought it from some merchant.”</p>

      <p>“More likely he took it from a corpse, my lord. On the same battlefield that claimed the duke’s life.”</p>

      <p>“Are you quite certain?”</p>

      <p>“It was fine steel. I could not make out the crest beneath the grime, but its owner was likely a noble of some renown.”</p>

      <p>“Disgraceful.” Karl scowled. “Once this war is won, I will see them duly punished.” He glared after the sellsword, though the man was no longer visible. His breathing grew heavy with anger, and his hands clenched tight on the reins.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I’ll have them lead the way,” Rankeel said, as though to reassure him.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me?”</p>

      <p>“They will be first to the fray. If any return, we can sentence them then. In the meantime, they will serve us best as shields for imperial arrows.”</p>

      <p>Karl grinned. “A fine plan!”</p>

      <p>“Besides, my lord, I must correct you.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“You said that I was master of my emotions. I assure you, I am not so noble.” Rankeel shrugged. “I am not immune to anger. I was sorely tempted to cut the man’s head from his shoulders. I did not, because even cravens such as he may serve a purpose, but I will not deny, it was to satisfy myself that I sent him to the front.”</p>

      <p>Karl looked on, astonished, as a wicked smile spread across Rankeel’s face. So, even this man could lose his temper. “Still,” he said, “it takes a general to think to use the man. That would never have occurred to me. I would simply have killed him.”</p>

      <p>Rankeel rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. “You flatter me overmuch, my lord. Save your praise for after we have won this war.”</p>

      <p>Karl nodded in assent. His anger finally seemed to be spent. “As you say. For now, victory is all that matters.”</p>

      <p>With newfound resolve in his heart, Karl turned his gaze ahead. Rankeel nodded with satisfaction. The men rode on in silence, side by side.</p>

      <p>Their peace of mind was short-lived, however. Before long, they noticed that the sellswords in front of them were acting strangely. The harsh clashing of swords rang distantly in the air, accompanied by ferocious battle cries. It was common practice among such men to shout and beat their shields with their swords to intimidate their enemies, but there should have been no such foe. The expected site of the battle was still some distance away.</p>

      <p>As Rankeel’s mind raced, a harried-looking messenger approached on horseback.</p>

      <p>“Battle is joined, my lord!”</p>

      <p>“Battle? What do you mean?” Rankeel peered ahead, frowning, but he could not make out the front line through the haze of dust and sand. “What are their numbers?”</p>

      <p>The messenger hesitated. “Erm... One, my lord.”</p>

      <p>“What?” The word came unbidden from Rankeel’s mouth. Surely the messenger must have misheard. His voice grew terse as he tried again. “I asked you how many men they have.”</p>

      <p>“One, my lord,” the messenger repeated. “He appeared on the road to challenge the vanguard. The sellswords are engaging him as we speak.”</p>

      <p>“One man set himself against a thousand soldiers?”</p>

      <p>Even if this mysterious warrior was trying to buy time, that was a fool’s errand. What could one man do against an army? Perhaps it was an ambush; maybe he had more men waiting in the wings and he was plunging into the vanguard in a reckless gambit to divert the ducal army’s attention. Rankeel considered the possibility for a moment, then dismissed it.</p>

      <p>“No. Impossible,” he said to himself.</p>

      <p>If that was the Fourth Legion’s plan, they wouldn’t have been able to get their forces into position without being noticed. It would have been no small task to thwart the gaze of the ducal scouts, all the more so in the open desert.</p>

      <p>Catching himself descending into confusion, Rankeel slapped his face to clear his mind. Confounding him like this was probably the enemy’s intention. He grinned. If that was so, and the goal was to slow the ducal army’s advance, this warrior had an impressive understanding of strategy.</p>

      <p>“Clever. A lesser commander would have halted their march out of caution. Or, no... Perhaps this is my own prudence working against me.”</p>

      <p>“Is everything all right?” Karl looked at Rankeel, concerned.</p>

      <p>Rankeel nodded. He spread his arms in a reassuring gesture. Whatever this enemy was scheming, he would thwart it. After all, what could one man do?</p>

      <p>“Quite all right,” he said. “We may continue our march. There will be no ambush.”</p>

      <p>His confidence would prove short-lived. Not long afterward, the vanguard ground entirely to a halt. Rankeel left Karl in the safety of the back lines and rode ahead.</p>

      <p>“Have you taken leave of your senses?!” he bellowed to the men. “We have no time to stand around! March!”</p>

      <p>Even as the words left his mouth, however, he became conscious of the pall of fear hanging in the air. The slaves’ faces were pale. They looked so terrified, they might faint at any moment.</p>

      <p>Rankeel approached their lines. “What happened here?!” he demanded.</p>

      <p>A slave answered him in a voice that trembled with fear. “The... The Desperation...”</p>

      <p>Cold fear settled in the pit of Rankeel’s stomach. That word belonged to an old folktale, of the kind that parents told to frighten children who stayed up too late. None knew whence it originated, only that it had spread unseen far and wide, filtering down from noble to commoner to slave. Some said that it had first been told by a nameless bard; others, that it had sprung from the faerie tales of the Knightdom of Nala in the southwest of Soleil.</p>

      <p>“The Desperation? That is a tale to frighten children! Have you lost your wits?!”</p>

      <p>Rankeel masked his apprehension with ridicule, but alarm bells were ringing in his mind. His sweat ran far too cold for the desert heat, seeming to sap the warmth of his body. He gulped. With trepidation, he turned to the fore—and gasped. There, in the shimmering heat, a black shape was dancing.</p>

      <p>Beckoning to him, luring him closer...<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Cornix spread his wings over the battlefield.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The ancient faerie tales spoke of him: Cornix, the Midnight Crow, the lord of death and destruction who strove to lead the world to ruin. Or, to give him his other name: Varachiel, the Black God.</p>

      <p>“It cannot be...” Rankeel breathed.</p>

      <p>One sellsword fell to a swipe of those baleful wings, then another, and another. Blood sprayed skyward as the men collapsed, bleeding out into the sand. Tearful whimpers reached Rankeel’s ears. There were notorious marauders on this battlefield, no doubt; skilled swordsmen too; but before those dark wings, they were all as babes. The sellswords mustered what resistance they could, but they died in vain. Rankeel himself had plotted to send them to their deaths, but to see them cut down so callously, even he felt pity.</p>

      <p>And yet, he could not bring himself to go to their aid. Fear of the apparition before him rooted him to the spot. As he stood frozen, his voice trapped in his throat, a severed head landed at his feet. It wore the face of the sellsword leader he had so despised.</p>

      <p>Rankeel did not so much as glance down. His gaze was fixed on one detail of the scene, and one detail alone. His instincts screamed at him to keep his eyes on his enemy, but that was not the true reason. His mind was filled with what he had seen in the instant the boy in black had beheaded the sellsword—in the instant their eyes had met.</p>

      <p>The boy was far away, so far that Rankeel could not even be certain he <em>was</em> a boy. To make out his expression from this distance should have been impossible. The sight must have been a mere vision his brain had shown him. The delusions of a mind possessed by fear.</p>

      <p>But their eyes had met.</p>

      <p><em>And Rankeel had seen the smirk on his lips.</em></p>

      <p>The sellswords began to break and run. They fled toward the slaves’ lines, crying for help.</p>

      <p>“Loose arrows!” Rankeel shouted. “Don’t let them get close!”</p>

      <p>The archers were faithful to his command. More than a thousand shafts split the sky, carving long arcs to rain down on the remaining sellswords. They died in agony beneath the deluge. The volley fell on the boy, too, but he emerged unscathed.</p>

      <p>“Monster!”</p>

      <p>This horror must have been Varachiel himself, stepped straight out of myth. What else could it be if not that? Surely not a mortal man?</p>

      <p>Only then did Rankeel see what was happening around him. The slaves were falling to their knees, begging the gods for forgiveness, repenting their sins. The vanguard’s spirit was breaking.</p>

      <p>“I will put a stop to this myself.”</p>

      <p>He focused his core to give himself strength, opened his mouth wide—and closed it again. The boy had turned away with a flick of his black mantle. This was their chance. Surely this boy could not avoid every arrow with his back turned. Nobody had eyes in the back of their head. At least this would show whether he was a monster or a man.</p>

      <p>“Again!” Rankeel bellowed. “Fire!”</p>

      <p>He flung his arm down toward the boy. Once more, the sky darkened with arrows. So dense was the downpour, even a mouse could not have escaped it, but the boy’s mantle struck them all aside.</p>

      <p>As Rankeel watched, aghast, a series of heavy thuds resounded from nearby. He looked around to see several slaves lying faceup on the sand, blood seeping from neat holes in their chests. The men did not even seem to realize how they had died. Their faces registered fear, despair, dreadful awe—but not pain. One might even have called them lucky to have passed so kindly.</p>

      <p>A sharp pain lanced along Rankeel’s cheek, breaking him from his fugue. He laid his hand to the source of the pain. It came away wet.</p>

      <p>“Am I...bleeding? But why...?”</p>

      <p>His trembling fingers were sticky with blood. He looked back up at the boy, but the dark figure was already gone. All that was left was a killing field strewn with the forlorn bodies of countless sellswords.</p>

      <p>A hot, dry wind blew across the sand, restoring the warmth to his body. As the gears of his mind began to turn once more, a shudder of terror assailed him, so overwhelming that he wanted to scream. His heart pounded furiously in his ribcage. He pressed his fist against his chest, trying to calm its panicked beating.</p>

      <p>“Hah...” He gave an empty chuckle. “So that must be the man in black.”</p>

      <p>He had heard the reports. He had simply assumed they were false—the desperate lies of inept nobles trying to shirk responsibility for a defeat that had claimed the lives of two of the duke’s sons. He still could not credit them fully, even now, but after what he had seen, he could no longer dismiss them out of hand. That had been an error. He should have considered that they might hold a grain of truth.</p>

      <p>It was no use lamenting the past, but now he needed to plan for the future. This man in black would need to be dealt with sooner or later. Rankeel would have liked to have investigated the man thoroughly, but that would have taken time the imperials would not allow them. Besides, the slaves were on their knees around him, quaking in terror as they whispered the names of the gods. The scars of this incident would impact their ability to fight.</p>

      <p>“Maybe I can’t kill him, but I can keep him pinned down. I’ll show him that wars are won by armies, not men.”</p>

      <p>He would retreat for now. He could not risk his slaves abandoning their wits. Starting well meant everything in war. An unwise decision here might doom their prospects later, once the fighting began in earnest.</p>

      <p>Marquis Rankeel sounded the retreat and returned to the rest of his army.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊</p>

      <p>The Fourth Legion’s left flank finished deploying eastward, but between the strain of their forced march and the exertion of the battle, their morale was phenomenally low. It was testament to their discipline that they organized into orderly ranks without complaint. Had they been conscripts, they would have formed up slower, and many would have deserted in fear.</p>

      <p>As tension hung heavy in the air, the sixth princess assumed her command. The solar sheen of her crimson hair was dulled by sand and dust, but the loss of its luster did nothing to diminish her nobility. As compelling as Palladiana, her presence alone bolstered her soldiers’ resolve.</p>

      <p>Liz breathed a sigh, half exasperation, half affection. She might have been a wife awaiting her husband’s return from the battlefield, or perhaps a mother looking out for her wayward child.</p>

      <p>“He’ll be okay, miss. He’s strong. I can tell.”</p>

      <p>The girl in front of her was swathed in a large cloak that hid every inch of her olive skin. Even her face was invisible beneath the shadows of the heavy cowl. Although she was no longer the commander of the Liberation Army, many still bore her a grudge: the ducal forces would kill her if they got their hands on her, and the Fourth Legion had no love for her either. Accordingly, Liz had decided to accompany her, to protect her from anybody who might do her harm.</p>

      <p>“I know,” Liz replied, “but he’s always so reckless. I just hope he hasn’t gotten himself hurt.”</p>

      <p>“The whelp can take care of himself,” Tris declared.</p>

      <p>“Agreed. Although I would not blame you for doubting the word of an enemy.” Garda stood by Tris’s side. Outwardly, he appeared to be in his early twenties, but zlosta were long-lived—in truth, he was well over a hundred years old.</p>

      <p>“But he’s trying to stop a whole army by himself! Even for him, that’s too much! I’m just so—”</p>

      <p><em>Worried</em>, Liz meant to say, but the word died in her throat. The very boy she had been so concerned for had finally returned. He was still some distance away, but even from there, she could see the fatigue on his face.</p>

      <p>“Clear the way!” she commanded, picking up a waterskin. “Let him through!”</p>

      <p>In short order, Hiro made his way over to her. She wordlessly handed him the waterskin. Hiro thanked her and set it to his lips, draining it in a single gulp.</p>

      <p>Liz suddenly froze. She had handed him <em>her</em> waterskin—the same one she had drunk from over and over again. She connected the dots in her head and blushed as crimson as her hair, burying her head in her hands with a pained whimper.</p>

      <p>Hiro watched her, perplexed, only to become aware of a murderous rage emanating from beside her. Tris was glaring a hole into him.</p>

      <p>Hiro gulped. He offered the old soldier his most innocent smile, before wiping his mouth and looking around.</p>

      <p>“Wait, is this all?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“Eh?” Liz didn’t seem to understand. “Oh! Right! You’re thirstier than that! Hold on, I’ll be right back!” She started to turn her mount around.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Wait!” Hiro hurriedly stopped her. “That’s not what I meant. I’m fine for water. I’ve still got some left.”</p>

      <p>“I-I knew that! I was just messing with you!”</p>

      <p>Liz let the reins drop and started kneading Mille’s head. The girl didn’t object at first, but eventually, being forcibly pushed to and fro grew too uncomfortable to bear.</p>

      <p>“Miss, you’re hurting me.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry! Sorry! I just thought you must be itchy in that!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not, though.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t be silly! Of course you are!”</p>

      <p>Despite Mille’s protests, Liz continued massaging her head. Hiro couldn’t see the girl’s expression beneath the hood but he could easily guess how she felt about the whole ordeal.</p>

      <p>Unwilling to watch Liz embarrass herself any longer, Tris cleared his throat noisily. “I believe the boy meant to ask about our numbers, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>“Oh! Right! Of course! I knew that!” Liz released Mille’s head and thrust a finger toward Hiro. “It’s too hot today! Blame the sun!”</p>

      <p>Hiro smiled awkwardly. “No, no, it’s my fault,” he said with a shake of his head. “I wasn’t exactly descriptive.”</p>

      <p>“Will somebody tell these two we’re at war?” Garda muttered. Hiro pretended not to hear him.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>