<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: One-Eyed Dragon</h1>

      <p>Beneath the gaze of a scorching sun, the Fourth Legion clashed with the six thousand soldiers of the Liberation Army. The rebels had fallen into a spearhead formation, with the first cohort—the vanguard—and the second composed of freedmen. The core and the rearguard were made up of camel riders, the latter mostly sellswords. As the name implied, the army resembled the tip of a spear.</p>

      <p>In response, the Fourth Legion had taken up a dragon-wing formation. The first cohort—two thousand and five hundred soldiers—formed a defensive bloc in the center, with a core of one thousand behind. Wings of two thousand soldiers spread to each flank; these would play the vital role of encircling the enemy. To either side of the core were the third and fourth cohorts, each with five hundred men apiece. The remaining one thousand and five hundred men waited at the rear in reserve.</p>

      <p>“Loose arrows!” cried Kigui Makarl von Zraki, General von Kilo’s vice-commander and the commander of the first cohort. “These slaves must be starving. Let them feast on wood and steel!”</p>

      <p>He raised a hand and signaled to the standard-bearers. One large standard thrust into the sky. A volley of arrows rose from the first cohort to rain down on the enemy. Rebel soldiers fell to the sand in droves, but their charge kept its momentum. Soon the front line was ringing with the clashing of swords. With their scavenged gear, the freedmen made poor opponents for the Fourth Legion’s well-forged steel, but they pushed the imperials back through sheer force of will.</p>

      <p>“They’re only slaves, you wretches! Show some spine!” Kigui watched, incredulous, as the center bowed under the rebel assault. If nothing was done, the rebels would open a path for their cavalry to slam home. “Stop them, whatever it takes!” he cried, but his voice failed to reach the front lines. The camel riders were already pouring into the breach, crushing armored soldiers beneath their mounts’ hooves. The freedmen’s battle cries drew steadily closer.</p>

      <p>Kigui reached into the pocket of his uniform and withdrew a bundle of spirit seals. He drove his heels into his horse’s flanks. “It seems I must do this myself!”</p>

      <p>As he surged toward the fray, a camel appeared before him, bearing on its back an enormous man with lilac skin—a zlosta.</p>

      <p>“You must be the one Her Highness spoke of!” Kigui shouted.</p>

      <p>In that moment, Kigui should have fled—should have fallen back—but the spirit seals in his hand instilled him with a fatal confidence. He drew a red strip of paper from the bunch and hurled it, conjuring a blazing fireball.</p>

      <p>“What parlor trick is this?” Garda snorted as he reached out and crushed the flames in his fist.</p>

      <p>Dismay spread across Kigui’s face as he threw the rest of his stock. Icicles fell, a gale howled, lightning crashed from the heavens—but Garda stopped them all with his bare hands.</p>

      <p>“Is that all?” the zlosta scoffed.</p>

      <p>“Impossible...” Kigui spluttered. “What kind of monster are you?!”</p>

      <p>Garda grinned as he closed the last few rue between them. “A fiendkin.”</p>

      <p>Those were the last words that Kigui ever heard. Garda’s greatsword sliced through the air in a horizontal sweep. Kigui’s head sailed high, trailing blood from its severed stump. His body toppled from his horse.</p>

      <p>Garda did not even cast a glance back at the corpse. “Break through the center!” he cried. “Take the commander’s head!”</p>

      <p>The zlosta turned his gaze forward to find a host of Grantzian cavalry barring his way. They fell on him from all sides, their faces twisted with fury. Bebensleif danced light as a feather in his hand. A slash to his right, a thrust to his fore, a turn to his left swinging clear into a vertical slice. Five soldiers died in an instant. The cavalry reeled with shock, but their pride as the empire’s finest kept them from retreat. Garda’s camel riders surged from behind to crash into them, eager to support their leader.</p>

      <p>“With me!” Garda cried. “To victory!” He prepared to plunge into the Fourth Legion’s forces. At that moment, a streak of crimson fire blasted into him from the side.</p>

      <p>“Back again, little lady?” he roared. “I won’t go so easy on you this time!”</p>

      <p>“Nor I you!” Liz shouted back. She leaped from her horse, tracing a high arc through the sky.</p>

      <p>“You’ve courage, girl! Lucky for you, I’m not one for killing children! Turn tail now and I’ll let you go!”</p>

      <p>Liz unleashed a barrage of slashes as she passed overhead. Garda hefted his greatsword to knock them aside. Sparks sprayed between them, fizzling out before they hit the ground.</p>

      <p>The zlosta spun and launched himself from the back of his camel, barreling toward Liz as she touched down. He swung his enormous blade in a reaping slice. Liz caught the sword with her own—barely—but the force of the blow knocked her back, separating them once more.</p>

      <p>“It’s not too late to run,” Garda called across the distance. “I won’t chase you. Surely you have better things to do than die here.”</p>

      <p>Liz flashed a defiant grin. “I’m not planning on dying.”</p>

      <p>Garda’s eyes widened at her composure. He sensed no fear or panic from her, only the dutiful resolve that smoldered in her crimson eyes.</p>

      <p>“Know your limits, girl. You must realize I’m the stronger of us.”</p>

      <p>“If I back down here, I’ll only end up doing the same thing when I run into the next wall, and the next after that. I won’t let myself get used to running away.” Liz brushed her crimson hair back behind her shoulders. She raised Lævateinn, ready to fight.</p>

      <p>“That so, eh? I wondered why a Spiritblade chose someone so young, but I’m starting to see why.”</p>

      <p>Despite her years, she was pure and noble of heart, and she refused to flinch at obstacles in her path. For her flame to be snuffed out here would be a tragic loss. Yet Garda had his own reasons for why he could not retreat.</p>

      <p>“Then let’s finish this,” he growled.</p>

      <p>“Yes, let’s. It’s about time I wiped that smirk off your face!”</p>

      <p>Liz dug her toes into the sand and kicked up high. A cloud of granules blew into Garda’s eyes. Seeing her chance, she swung with a mighty blow, aiming to sever the zlosta’s head.</p>

      <p>“You can have your tricks, girl—but I’ll teach you not to break your stance!”</p>

      <p>Garda ducked beneath the blade with an agility that belied his bulk. As surprise came over Liz’s face, he slammed his palm into the ground and unleashed a surge of mana. The sand tangled around her leg, thwarting her balance and sending her sprawling. She tried to rise, but her trapped foot kept her locked in place. A shadow fell over her. She looked up to see Garda lifting his greatsword high.</p>

      <p>“I’m not done yet!”</p>

      <p>Liz drove her fist into the ground, blasting a plume of sand into the air. Garda’s greatsword missed its mark as surprise sent his aim astray. Now freed, Liz leaped high over the zlosta’s head to land in his blind spot.</p>

      <p>“Yaaah!” She lunged forward with Lævateinn, Garda’s unprotected back before her.</p>

      <p>“You ought to have learned the first time!” Sensing her intent, Garda swung around to meet her. Their swords clashed, setting the air ringing with a metallic keening.</p>

      <p>“This is the end for you!” Liz cried. Lævateinn matched her resolve, unleashing a blast of flame.</p>

      <p>Garda scowled. He tried to jump back, but Liz pressed the advantage, mixing feints with her attacks as she closed the distance. She used her fists when it suited her, moved to sweep his legs when he dodged her punches, planted her feet and stepped in when her sweep failed. The honed efficiency of her motions prompted an admiring grin from the zlosta’s lips.</p>

      <p>“Impressive. I barely recognize you!”</p>

      <p>Spiritblades conceded their power in accordance with the strength of their master’s will, and uncommonly fervent convictions could push them to even greater heights. The crucial question was how strongly the wielder’s desires resonated with their weapon.</p>

      <p>In other words, Liz had awakened to her destiny. Though she was still struggling to break through her unremarkable shell, she had taken her first step on the path before her—on the road to becoming a legend.</p>

      <p>“Such progress in so short a time,” Garda breathed. “How easily you humans defy our expectations. This is why you make such troublesome foes.”</p>

      <p>He, however, had his own cause to fight for. His own reason to seek victory at any cost.</p>

      <p>“But I’ll not fall here—or what would become of Mille?”</p>

      <p>Mana surged from within the zlosta’s body. The manastone on his forehead flared with a fierce light.</p>

      <p>“What are you—?!” Liz froze. Her determined expression slid away, replaced by apprehension. Garda’s body had swollen to twice its original size.</p>

      <p>“My turn. I’ll need to make this quick if the Liberation Army is to stand a chance.”</p>

      <p>Garda swung his greatsword down with all his might. Liz scrambled out of the way at the last second. The blade came down on the spot she had been standing not a moment before, leaving an enormous crater.</p>

      <p>“Let me show you why all of Soleil once feared us!”</p>

      <p>Garda whirled Bebensleif in a frenzy of blows. Liz tried to seize the initiative, but the greatsword’s terrible weight beat her back. Slowly, the tide turned. Bebensleif’s wake alone sliced her cheek open, and only her Spiritblade’s blessing saved her from worse—without that, it would have torn her face to shreds. Blood sprayed from the soldiers around her as the razor wind ravaged their bodies.</p>

      <p>“I’m the one you want, not them!” Liz yelled, charging forward with wild abandon.</p>

      <p>She thrust with Lævateinn—but in vain. Garda reached out and seized the crimson blade in one mighty fist.</p>

      <p>“You’ll need more than that to stop me,” the zlosta grunted.</p>

      <p>“Happy to oblige!”</p>

      <p>Liz’s fist crashed into Garda’s cheek. A dull <em>thud</em> shook the air, as though she had struck a block of iron, but the enormous man only grinned as he looked down on her.</p>

      <p>“It’s no use, little lady. Can’t you feel your power ebbing?”</p>

      <p>Confusion flashed through Liz’s eyes. In the throes of her battle high, she hadn’t realized it, but it was true. She was flushed with the spirits’ power, too much so, and she had been expending it in vast quantities to compensate for her own shortcomings. She had been fighting with an open tap. Now her lack of discipline had added to her exhaustion, while her power had left her body sorely used.</p>

      <p>“A shame. If you’d wielded it better, I might have been the one to fall here.”</p>

      <p>Garda’s eyes were cold as he launched his attack. Liz fought back as best she could, but it wasn’t enough. She collapsed to her knees, sweat pouring from her body.</p>

      <p>“At least I can grant you a quick death,” the zlosta said.</p>

      <p>Bebensleif fell. Liz weakly raised Lævateinn to block it, but the impact sent the crimson blade spinning away.</p>

      <p>“I’m...not...done!” she grunted, struggling to rise, but her legs betrayed her. She toppled face-first into the sand.</p>

      <p>Garda strode up to her, raising his greatsword to deal the final blow. “I’m not one for killing women or children, but all’s fair in war.”</p>

      <p>With what almost sounded like an apology, he made to swing the blade down—only to find that he could not.</p>

      <p>“What...?”</p>

      <p>A searing chill assailed him from behind. He spun around in alarm—and saw darkness there, billowing, deep enough to drain the light from the world, though the sun was high. As he watched, it drank in light from all around, deepening to an even blacker and more malignant shade. A soft light glimmered in the heart of the storm. Something emerged, sand crunching beneath its feet.</p>

      <p>Garda instinctively raised his blade. Cold sweat dripped from his forehead.</p>

      <p>“Who in the world are you?”</p>

      <p>Out from the darkness came a boy, his soft features squarely at odds with the unsightly eyepatch covering his face. He smiled a nightmarish smile as he approached. He did not answer Garda’s question.</p>

      <p>“I’ll need you to step away from Liz.”</p>

      <p>Garda barely had time to register the boy’s voice before a tremendous impact blasted through his abdomen.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊</p>

      <p>As the zlosta went flying, Hiro turned his attention to Liz. He ran to her side. “Are you all right?”</p>

      <p>“Hiro...” she responded weakly. With the power of the spirits running wild inside her body, her breathing was pained and shallow.</p>

      <p>Hiro’s gaze softened as he looked down at her. He wrapped an arm behind her head and sat her upright.</p>

      <p>“Just relax. Breathe deep. Think happy thoughts. Can you do that for me?”</p>

      <p>She was not yet ready to rise to such heights. Even Artheus, a prodigy of his age, had taken two years before he could withstand their toll. Hiro’s gaze fell on the crimson sword lying at her side. Just what was Lævateinn thinking?</p>

      <p>“Hiro... I...”</p>

      <p>“Ssh. Don’t say it. Keep it tucked away safe.”</p>

      <p>If what she was about to say was giving her strength, he didn’t want to hear it. Better for her to keep it locked away in her heart where it could fuel her Spiritblade’s flames.</p>

      <p>Hiro drew a deep breath and laid her on the ground. “I’ll take it from here,” he said. “Don’t worry. I won’t be long.”</p>

      <p>With that, he stood up and turned away.</p>

      <p>“What <em>are</em> you?” The zlosta had risen to his feet at last. Now he was approaching.</p>

      <p>Hiro’s smile deepened into a ghastly grin. “You’re still standing. Not bad...but how about this?”</p>

      <p>His black mantle fluttered as he spun, swinging his silver sword with all his might.</p>

      <p>“Did you not hear me, boy?!”</p>

      <p>For all its strength, the attack was slow. The zlosta batted it aside with ease.</p>

      <p>“Yah!” Hiro followed up. The razor edge of his sword carved a precise arc toward the zlosta’s vitals. His foe dodged at the last second, but the sword tip still grazed the man’s lilac skin, sending blood splattering across the sands.</p>

      <p>The zlosta tried to strike back, but Hiro angled his body sideways and leaned out of the way. The greatsword crashed down inches from Hiro’s nose. As the zlosta’s eyes widened, Hiro stepped in to unleash a flurry of his own.</p>

      <p>“Hah!”</p>

      <p>“Ngh?!”</p>

      <p>The irregular rhythm of Hiro’s strikes kept the larger man off-balance, but keeping up was the zlosta’s only choice. A single misstep would see his head roll. As he struggled to fend off the silver blade, an explosive kick smashed into his side. He tottered but did not fall. A trickle of blood dribbled from the corner of his mouth. He wiped it away as he glared at Hiro.</p>

      <p>“Even now, at the eleventh hour, more men appear to oppose me.” The zlosta swept his sweat-slicked hair back from his forehead, revealing the small violet crystal embedded in his brow. “Truly, I was not born lucky.”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s stance was so slovenly, anybody would have thought he was distracted, but the zlosta knew better. He sensed the fearsome presence radiating from that scrawny body—an aura of raw might that spoke of experience on countless battlefields tempered by years of devoted study. To find it in a child so young was nothing short of astonishing.</p>

      <p>The man broke into roaring laughter. “Gah ha ha ha! A natural-born warrior, that’s what you are!”</p>

      <p>Finding such ferocity in a boy so many years his junior, he could not help but smile. He threw his weight behind his greatsword, heaving it in a mighty uppercut like it weighed no more than a twig. It churned up sand in its wake as it sped toward his foe.</p>

      <p>Hiro raised the tip of his gleaming sword an inch or two, but that was his only answer.</p>

      <p>Blades clashed. The greatsword skittered along the upturned edge of its silver counterpart, showering them in sparks.</p>

      <p>“You’ve some skill, boy!” the zlosta laughed. The parry threatened to open up his guard, but he converted the momentum of his deflected swing into a thrust with the heel of his palm. He aimed for Hiro’s eyepatch, where the boy could not see him coming, but—</p>

      <p>“Nice try, but that’s my better eye.”</p>

      <p>Hiro twisted to avoid the blow. The effort left him open, and most warriors would have tried to press the advantage, but the zlosta knew better. He recognized the bait.</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll blind you in both!”</p>

      <p>Instead, he kicked up a cloud of sand with the toe of his boot. Yellow grit obscured Hiro’s vision. The zlosta took the chance to launch himself backward. As he landed a safe distance away, he sensed something amiss and glanced down at his right arm. Blood dripped from a neat cut across his skin.</p>

      <p>“I was right to retreat, it seems...”</p>

      <p>He raised his head to see Hiro dispel the dust cloud with a dismissive slash. A bead of sweat trickled down his cheek from his brow. He wiped it away on his shoulder. When he looked back ahead, he was grinning.</p>

      <p>“I’m impressed, enemy or not. How a boy so young achieved such mastery of the warrior’s art, I do not know. But admiration will do me no good. I must find a way to turn the tide.”</p>

      <p>Their eyes burned into one another, trying to see one, two steps ahead. Whoever predicted his foe’s next move would be the victor. To move too hastily would mean death. They faced each other down in a mental tug-of-war, battling to seize the initiative.</p>

      <p>The zlosta laughed. “How I’ve missed this! The thrill of life and death hanging in the balance! There is no higher joy. My heart sings with delight!” A shiver played over his skin as he trembled with excitement. “Come, One-Eyed Dragon! A fight to the death, winner takes all! You can’t say fairer than that! My name is Garda Meteor, and I challenge you!”</p>

      <p>His dry lips split into a full-faced grin. He spun, driving the tip of his greatsword—as long as he was tall—into the sand.</p>

      <p>Hiro glanced at the blade, then gave a dismissive shrug. “You zlosta and your obsession with killing,” he said. “Unlike you, I’m not a brute.”</p>

      <p>As he spoke, his mouth widened into a savage smile, putting the lie to his words. The expression made an unsettling fit for his youthful face. Liz’s forehead furrowed with concern. Hiro glanced at her, then reined in his fury just a little.</p>

      <p>“But I’m afraid I’m in a bad mood right now,” he continued. “So I’m not going to let you off easy.”</p>

      <p>Nothingness flowed through him. Shedding every last vestige of his emotions, he gave himself to the abyss. He raised his silver sword before his chest and leveled it at his foe.</p>

      <p>The world was still for a moment, then a shower of sparks exploded between them. The clashing of metal echoed across the battlefield. With neither combatant desiring a protracted struggle, every strike was meant to kill. Still, their difference in skill gradually made itself known. Unable to match Hiro’s speed, Garda fell further and further behind, until he sensed the battle slipping too far out of his control and sprang away.</p>

      <p>“What is that weapon you wield?” he asked. “You hide its power well, but not well enough. It blazes like a beacon to me. Yet no song or tale tells of any such sword. At least, none that I know.” The zlosta skewered Hiro with a searching gaze. His muscular body swelled with mana. “I ask you again, One-Eyed Dragon. Just what is that blade of yours?”</p>

      <p>“Bebensleif’s Graal is Force. Lævateinn’s is Might. Each of the Five Noble Blades has its own Graal, a unique expression of itself. No two are alike. That should be your answer.” Hiro’s face took on a sly cast. “But I could make it clearer, if you’d like.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>