<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>In the Spirit King’s sanctum in Baum, ruled by the álf known as the archpriestess</em></p>

      <p>In the verdant heart of the forest lay a deep blue spring flecked with wisps of mist. This was the heart of the Spirit King’s sanctum, the Baptismal Sanctuary—a sacred place that only the archpriestess was permitted to enter. The álfen woman stood waist-deep in the water. Her eyes slowly opened. In their depths, closer to turquoise than the aquamarine of the pool, miniature lights burst and faded.</p>

      <p>“Is this zlosta’s arrival your will?” she whispered.</p>

      <p>Her gaze fell on the sphere of light hovering before her, situated between two enormous statues. It gave her no answer. It never did.</p>

      <p>“Then I shall assist as best I can.”</p>

      <p>A ripple spread through the spring as she rose to the bank. Droplets of water trickled down her clavicle to vanish between her ample breasts. Her sheer shawl clung wetly to her skin, accentuating her sculpted curves. She reached for the kimono lying on the bank, slipped it over her shoulders, and set off into the forest. Through lush woods she hurried, until she arrived at a familiar passage. For a while she wended her way in silence through white-walled corridors. At last, she came to a spacious hall where the temple’s knight-priestesses awaited.</p>

      <p>“Bring me ink, a pen, and a sheaf of paper,” she commanded.</p>

      <p>The knight-priestesses tensed at the anger in her voice.</p>

      <p>“At once, Your Grace,” one said. She signaled to her squire.</p>

      <p>“Right away!” the squire piped up before vanishing down the corridor.</p>

      <p>The captain of the knight-priestesses stepped forward hesitantly. “Your Grace, your clothes...”</p>

      <p>“I fear this is too important to wait,” the archpriestess replied.</p>

      <p>“You have seen something?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. I must inform the emperor with all haste.”</p>

      <p>The squire returned at top speed, clutching a selection of writing implements. “Here, Your Grace!” she managed between wheezes.</p>

      <p>“Thank you kindly,” the archpriestess said, giving the girl an encouraging smile.</p>

      <p>The captain was less impressed. “Show some manners in the presence of the archpriestess!” she barked, planting her hands on her hips. “You’ll learn your etiquette someday or you’ll stay a squire for life!”</p>

      <p>“Apologies...mistress...”</p>

      <p>“She gave no offense,” the archpriestess said. “Leave her be. Let her rest.”</p>

      <p>She cast a searching gaze around the chamber. The knight-priestesses inferred her meaning and fetched her a wooden chair. She placed the sheet of white paper on it and began to write.</p>

      <p>“Take this to the Knights of the Spirits, with the instruction to convey it to the imperial capital immediately,” she said, her eyes never lifting from the page. “Is that understood?”</p>

      <p>She bit her thumb and, after checking that she had drawn blood, pressed it to the letter. A change came over the paper as the scarlet bead seeped into it. It began to glow with a faint light, before rolling up of its own accord. She handed the scroll to the knight-priestess at her shoulder. The knight excused herself and took off down the corridor.</p>

      <p>“I have done all I can,” the archpriestess whispered as she watched the woman go. “The rest depends on you, Lord Schwartz.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊</p>

      <p><em>The seventeenth day of the seventh month of Imperial Year 1023</em></p>

      <p>The five-day journey to the imperial capital was far from luxurious. Kiork had commissioned a stagecoach that prioritized speed over any and all comfort, to the point that every bump in the road would propel its unfortunate passenger’s head into the roof. It was, in a word, miserable. Accordingly, Hiro woke on the fifth and final day to excruciating pain.</p>

      <p>“Urgh... I’m not gonna miss this. I don’t think I slept a wink...”</p>

      <p>He sat upright, massaging his aching body. Expelling a heavy sigh, he looked around the carriage. Its sparse furnishings were horrendously uncomfortable, but at least it had enough space for him to lie stretched out. An expanse of grassland rolled past outside the window on the right.</p>

      <p>As he watched with bleary eyes, the front window opened inward. “Awake in there, young man?” the coachman asked, peering through. Hiro raised a hand in reply.</p>

      <p>“Best make ready to disembark. We’ll be arriving soon.”</p>

      <p>The stagecoach rattled as the window snapped shut again. Hiro slid his legs down from the seat and began gathering his belongings.</p>

      <p>The express stagecoach did not terminate directly at the capital, but at a station one sel—or three kilometers—away. After they pulled in, Hiro thanked the coachman and exited the carriage. His jaw dropped at the sheer volume of people. The station was packed with people of all stripes: nobles and commonfolk, sellswords and adventurers.</p>

      <p>“I guess that’s what you get in the biggest city in the land,” he said to himself. “I thought the Linkus station was busy, but this is something else.”</p>

      <p>Hiro made his way out of the packed station. The scent of newgrown leaves tickled his nostrils as he stepped outside, carried on a pleasant breeze. A stagecoach service nearby offered passage to the capital, but he decided to walk instead. He had a pressing matter to attend to, and he could only do so on foot.</p>

      <p><em>I’m being followed.</em></p>

      <p>He couldn’t risk allowing his pursuers to attack him in the open. Innocent people might get caught in the cross fire. He slipped down a shallow footpath by the roadside and counted the hostile presences that followed him.</p>

      <p><em>Three...six...eight of them.</em></p>

      <p>Amateurs, most likely, given how easily he had sensed them, but it would be premature to make assumptions.</p>

      <p><em>Guess I should make the first move.</em></p>

      <p>He could wait for them to spring their trap, but the scuffle could attract nearby guards, and without any documents to prove who he was, he might end up being taken away for questioning. Even if he could verify his identity, the guards might very well be in on the plot, in which case they might detain him for who knew how long. He didn’t have that kind of time to waste.</p>

      <p><em>Now...who first?</em></p>

      <p>Hiro pinpointed the location of his closest pursuer, then suddenly spun toward them. Space split apart at his fingertips, depositing the handle of a dagger into his grip. As the man reeled back in shock, Hiro slipped behind him to press the point of his newly manifested spirit weapon into his back.</p>

      <p>“Struggle and I’ll kill you,” he whispered into the man’s ear. “Now, tell your friends to back off, nice and easy.”</p>

      <p>“All right! All right! Just spare my life!”</p>

      <p>The man cast a desperate glance at a rocky outcrop, where one of his comrades—a man with a scar on his cheek—was posing as a traveler. The scar-faced man raised his arms and waved them over his head. Hiro felt the presences around him recede. He pushed his captive forward, prompting him to walk.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to ask you some questions now,” he said. “Answer them or don’t, it’s your call. I’m happy to see if your friends talk any better.” He slid the dagger’s point down the man’s back, opening a tear in his grimy clothes.</p>

      <p>The blood drained from the man’s face. “Let me live and I’ll tell you anything you want!” he whimpered. Hiro’s threat had been an empty one, but the man folded almost immediately. Hiro noted that his legs were trembling.</p>

      <p><em>Amateurs. I knew it.</em></p>

      <p>“Who hired you?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know who he was, I swear it,” the man said. “He dropped a fat lot of coin in my hand and told me to rough you up. That’s all I know.”</p>

      <p>“Really?” Hiro’s eyebrows arched. “And how did this man approach you?”</p>

      <p>“I’d just got done in the fields for the day when he showed up out of nowhere. A real odd one he was too.”</p>

      <p>“Odd? In what way?”</p>

      <p>“Kept his hood pulled low so I couldn’t see his face. The only reason I can say he’s a man is on account of the voice.”</p>

      <p>Hiro flipped the dagger around in his grip. He pressed the pommel into the man’s back, prodding him to continue.</p>

      <p>“Pick a fight with you and get the guards to take you in. That was all he wanted. I turned him down at first, but then the blighter dropped two golden grantzes into my hand. Couldn’t say no after that.”</p>

      <p>So he was nobody, just a gullible fool lured by the promise of gold. His fellow would-be footpads had probably all been hired from the same village.</p>

      <p>“I’m not proud of it, but no man of my station would’ve turned that down. You wouldn’t kill me for that, would you?”</p>

      <p>Hiro sensed no lie in the man’s words. Pressing the matter further was unlikely to bear any fruit.</p>

      <p>“You’re free to go,” he said, “but make any funny moves, and I won’t be asking any more questions. I never want to see your face again. If I do, anywhere, anytime, I’ll cut you down on the spot. Is that clear?”</p>

      <p>“Crystal,” the man said, nodding feverishly. “You’ve seen the last of me, I swear.”</p>

      <p>He turned tail and ran, leaving the footpath to cut straight through the grasslands. He never looked back. A handful of other figures—probably his accomplices—stumbled in his wake. Hiro watched them flee until they were out of sight, then set out once more for the capital.</p>

      <p><em>That certainly is the last I’ve seen of them. I’m sure their employer will take care of that.</em></p>

      <p>Such a generous reward for such an easy job could only mean one thing: failure would not be tolerated. Though the running figures did not know it, they had just signed their own death warrants.</p>

      <p><em>The real question is why he used peasants to do his dirty work.</em></p>

      <p>If this cloaked man had intended to waylay Hiro, why had he not turned to professionals? At the very least, hiring trained fighters would have guaranteed enough of a scuffle to draw the attention of the guards.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I can worry about that later. It’s been a long time since I last visited the royal—the imperial capital, I guess it’s called now. I might as well enjoy myself.</em></p>

      <p>Casting speculation from his mind for the time being, Hiro came to a stop and took in the city before him. A stately gate rose austerely over the road ahead. Enormous battlements rose into the sky above it, looming over him with an unblinking gaze. A deep moat, drawn from the River Kendel to the north, hugged the foot of the walls, its depths teeming with aquatic creatures. A drawbridge spanned the water, thronged by travelers from both directions. Hiro merged with the crowd and let it carry him across the bridge. After an inspection at the gate, he passed through the portal and emerged inside the city.</p>

      <p>“Whoa...” he breathed.</p>

      <p>A stunning sight greeted him on the other side. A wide boulevard paved with large flagstones extended from the gate deep into the heart of the city. On either side, at regular intervals, rose statues tall enough to touch the sky—the likenesses of the Twelve Divines, painstakingly rendered in bronze. The eyes of the gods surveyed the boulevard from on high, as though welcoming new arrivals. Covered stalls, packed with customers, lined up shoulder to shoulder at their feet. The cries of merchants and hawkers filled the air.</p>

      <p>“The buildings weren’t anywhere near this tall last time I was here,” Hiro mused. “Not to mention how much busier it’s gotten.”</p>

      <p>He set off down the boulevard. As he glanced around, taking in the sights, he spied a group of people with bottles in their hands, day-drinking in front of a liquor stall. Their drunken cries rang in the midday air.</p>

      <p>“Faerzen’s no more, and good riddance! Bring me another bottle! Today, we celebrate!”</p>

      <p>“Better to drink to the sixth princess for putting the desert wolves in their place!”</p>

      <p>“And not alone, as I hear it told! Word is, Schwartz’s heir himself fought by her side!”</p>

      <p>Passing beneath the gazes of the Divines, Hiro came to the other end of the boulevard. The street opened into a park, where a magnificent fountain cast a jet of water high into the air. The font lent the scene a solemn mystique, made elegant by the ever-present trickling of water and the sparkling of the spray in the sun.</p>

      <p>People of all kinds filled the plaza: a couple with their children, a passed-out drunk, a student poring over a book. The air here was serene, very different from the hustle and bustle of the gatefront streets, but the people wore much the same smiles on their faces. No doubt the entire nation was basking in its recent victories over Faerzen and Lichtein.</p>

      <p>A voice came from behind Hiro’s back. “Lord Hiro, I see. What an unexpected pleasure.”</p>

      <p>Hiro turned to find Laurence Alfred von Spitz, Aura’s handsome young aide. “Likewise,” he replied. “What are you doing here? I thought you were headed back west.”</p>

      <p>“I should be asking you the very same thing. What brings you to the capital?”</p>

      <p>“A summons from His Majesty.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, I should have known. It was only to be expected.”</p>

      <p>“So? What about you?”</p>

      <p>“His Majesty requested my commander’s presence before we returned to the west,” von Spitz said with a sigh. “Hence, here I am.”</p>

      <p>“The emperor wants to see Aura?”</p>

      <p>“Higher up the chain, I fear. Third Prince Brutahl.”</p>

      <p>Von Spitz set off walking, so Hiro fell in behind him.</p>

      <p>“His Majesty was not best pleased to learn that the prince was using the Third Legion’s finest as his own private army, especially while he himself was away on campaign. I imagine my commander is explaining himself as we speak.”</p>

      <p>“He shouldn’t have tried to capture Liz, then,” Hiro said. “He only has himself to blame.”</p>

      <p>“By happy accident, his scheming did bring us together to fend off Lichtein. That may lighten his sentence somewhat.” Von Spitz paused. “The real question is what will become of First Prince Stovell. Now, <em>that</em> has the whole palace in uproar. Every noble in the court is whispering about either his attempt on the sixth princess’s life or how he assaulted Emperor Schwartz’s heir.”</p>

      <p>“Huh,” Hiro said.</p>

      <p>“Well, he still has Mjölnir, not to mention the support of House Krone. It’s a fine line His Majesty will have to walk, sentencing the man with the largest faction at court. I don’t envy his decision one bit.” Von Spitz glanced at Hiro and shook his head in exasperation. “And now Emperor Schwartz’s heir himself is here in the capital, adding yet more fuel to the fire.” He turned his eyes to the sky and stared into the middle distance. The silence stretched on uncomfortably.</p>

      <p>Hiro gave an awkward smile. “So where are we going?”</p>

      <p>“Somewhere quite singular. I could tell you if you like, but I expect you’ll enjoy the surprise.”</p>

      <p>By then, the pair had made their way to the eastern boulevard. While its central counterpart had been lined with statues and stalls, here the roadside was packed with smithies, weapon shops, and stores selling a variety of practical wares. Adventurers and sellswords steadily increased in proportion among the passersby, lending the streets an unsavory air.</p>

      <p>As Hiro looked around in fascination, von Spitz turned into a narrow gap between a guardhouse and an inn. Hiro followed him into a dingy alleyway. For a while they walked in gloom, until they emerged into the light again to find themselves standing in front of a timeworn temple.</p>

      <p>“As you see, my lady precedes us.”</p>

      <p>Von Spitz gestured beneath the shade of the trees. Indeed, there sat Aura. Her right arm, broken in battle against Lichtein, hung in a sling, but she flipped dexterously through a book with her left hand. A group of soldiers stood nearby, clad in forbidding black armor, cutting an odd sight with their arms piled high with candies. A gaggle of children surrounded them, clamoring for the treats in their hands.</p>

      <p>“War orphans,” von Spitz explained. “The Temple of the Spirits strives to take care of those who have nobody else.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s why there are so many of them,” Hiro said. “Why is the temple so far out of the way?”</p>

      <p>Worship of the Spirit King was common in Soleil and particularly prevalent in the Grantzian Empire. Temples for the spirits surely saw no end of supplicants, so why was this one built somewhere so obscure?</p>

      <p>“The spirits prefer it here,” von Spitz said.</p>

      <p>Hiro immediately understood what he meant. This place was an oasis of greenery, isolated from the hustle and bustle of civilization outside. Grass covered the ground, dotted with red and white flowers swaying in the breeze. Bathed in the sun’s rays, the temple’s gentle radiance seemed to cleanse the soul.</p>

      <p>“The rest of the eastern quarter has become a rather seedy place in recent times—something of a haunt for adventurers, sellswords, and the like. Efforts were made to resist the changes, but they bore little fruit.”</p>

      <p>“I bet,” Hiro said. “Now they’ve settled down, you can’t exactly clear them out again.” It was difficult to remove anything once it had put down roots, and any attempt would face enormous resistance.</p>

      <p>“Quite so. Instead, we erected a guardhouse to ensure the children’s safety. I believe you passed it on the way in.” Von Spitz paused. “The Knights of the Royal Black man it presently. Its previous commander was...lacking in diligence, shall we say. Lady Aura felt that the eastern quarter would be better served by her taking a more direct role in maintaining the peace.” There was more than a hint of pride in his voice.</p>

      <p>Aura seemed to notice them then. She stood up from her spot in the shade and walked toward them.</p>

      <p>“You’re the last person I expected to see.”</p>

      <p>Hiro raised a hand. “Hey. It’s been...well, not all that long, I guess.”</p>

      <p>She gave a small nod. “I sent a letter, but only yesterday. That can’t be why you’re here.”</p>

      <p>“The emperor sent me a summons.” Hiro shrugged his hempen bag off his shoulder, laid it on the ground, and rifled through it, before producing a scrunched-up piece of paper. “Here.”</p>

      <p>Aura blinked. “This is a summons?”</p>

      <p>Hiro couldn’t blame her for her confusion. The letter had been in poor shape when Liz first handed it to him, and five days in his pack had done little to improve its condition.</p>

      <p>Aura cast her eyes over the paper and nodded. “So that’s how things are. I see. How did you mean to get into the palace?”</p>

      <p>“I hoped my hair and my eyes would be enough.”</p>

      <p>“They won’t be. All the court factions are at each other’s throats right now. The guards won’t give you the time of day.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll just show them the letter.”</p>

      <p>“Nobody would believe <em>this</em> was an imperial letter.” Aura passed the crumpled paper back to Hiro. “Luckily for you. Most people live their entire lives without ever seeing one. These are supposed to be treated with respect. If the guards did believe you, they’d have you executed.”</p>

      <p>Hiro smiled sheepishly. “Fair point.”</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing for it. I’ll accompany you.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“If I’m with you, they’ll let you through.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, I appreciate it, but...” Hiro glanced behind her, where a group of children were assembling. Behind that, her Knights of the Royal Black—the pride of the Third Legion—lay defeated beneath a wave of small bodies.</p>

      <p>“Where are you going, Miss Aura?” A girl with a lisp tugged at Aura’s sleeve.</p>

      <p>Aura patted her head and smiled. “To the palace. Sir Spitz will play with you while I’m away.”</p>

      <p>Hiro could have sworn von Spitz’s eyes momentarily bulged, but if Aura noticed it, she didn’t show it. “This way,” she said, and set off.</p>

      <p>“My lady!” von Spitz cried. “I’m not equipped to take care of— Gyaaah!” With youthful boisterousness, the children surged forward and toppled him. Within moments, he had vanished from sight. “Unhand me, you ruffians!” came a shout from beneath the pile. “I am a noble, not your plaything!”</p>

      <p>“I’m Schwartz the fop-slayer!” one of the children cried.</p>

      <p>“Then I’m General Rey!”</p>

      <p>“Fine, but I get to be Emperor Artheus!”</p>

      <p>“Stop that! Get off! Stop prodding me!” von Spitz cried, but his protests fell on deaf ears.</p>

      <p>With the beleaguered viscount’s screams ringing behind them, Hiro and Aura returned to the fountain plaza and turned north along the central boulevard.</p>

      <p>Aura turned to him as they walked. “When the people look up at the imperial palace, they see a paradise where the chosen few live in splendor, but that’s only one of its faces. The other is a cesspit of jealousy and ambition. Never forget that. Never let your guard down. Is that clear?”</p>

      <p>“It is,” Hiro said.</p>

      <p>“Many people will approach you. Trust none of them. Don’t let them flatter you into serving their interests. Be careful of women most of all. Even emperors have met their downfall that way.”</p>

      <p>“You’re not worried for me, are you?” Hiro said.</p>

      <p>Aura’s tongue seemed sharper than usual today. He wondered if that might be the reason, but he only earned himself a fierce glare for his trouble.</p>

      <p>“Shut up and listen,” Aura snapped.</p>

      <p>“Yes, ma’am.”</p>

      <p>“Remember, His Majesty only summoned you, not me. When it comes down to it, I won’t be there to help you.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be fine. Maybe my etiquette could use a bit of brushing up, but I’ve got a feeling things will work out.”</p>

      <p>“I can only hope so.” With that, Aura fell silent.</p>

      <p>They crested a gentle hill and came to an enormous wrought iron gate. It stood at five times Hiro’s height, looming over them with a solemn presence. Spiked protrusions jutted up from the top like spears.</p>

      <p>One of the sentries recognized Aura and hastened up to them. “Welcome, Brigadier General von Bunadala. What is your business today?”</p>

      <p>Aura gestured to Hiro. “His Majesty the Emperor has commanded me to escort this individual to the palace.”</p>

      <p>The sentry looked Hiro up and down with an appraising eye. “I fear I’ve heard no such thing. Apologies, but I cannot let you pass.”</p>

      <p>Hiro frowned. That was not possible. The emperor had personally written his summons; surely the guards had received instructions to allow him in at the gate. Some third party must have conspired to ensure that they never received those orders, or perhaps this sentry in particular was in somebody else’s employ.</p>

      <p>“Tell me your name and affiliation,” Aura said.</p>

      <p>The guard looked taken aback. “My lady?”</p>

      <p>“If you presume to doubt the word of Third Prince Brutahl’s chief strategist, there will be consequences.”</p>

      <p>The threat was clear. <em>Let us pass or lose your job.</em></p>

      <p>“My lady...” The sentry grimaced, debating furiously with himself. A bead of sweat trickled down his cheek. After a long moment, he bowed his head and relented. “You may pass.”</p>

      <p>The man looked so defeated that Hiro almost felt sorry for him, but Aura was already stalking indignantly through the gate, so he hurried after her. On the other side lay a grand estate patrolled by a small squadron of soldiers. Conscious of the guards’ distrustful gazes, Hiro advanced along the broad central avenue. Rose gardens lined the road on either side. Ahead of him, a large fountain marked a crossroads.</p>

      <p>To the west was a residential district where the more powerful nobles had their manors, while the east hosted the barracks and training grounds of the Knights of the Golden Lion, the pride of the First Legion. Straight ahead to the north was the imperial palace of Venezyne, the beating heart of the Grantzian Empire. As Aura pointed each landmark out, she suddenly stepped up close to him.</p>

      <p>“That sentry was in the employ of House Krone,” she whispered. “Be careful of them. They’re supporters of the first prince.”</p>

      <p>Hiro gave a small nod of reply.</p>

      <p>“Have you heard about the death of the head of House Kelheit?”</p>

      <p>He had. Three months prior, the head of House Kelheit—the great house with dominion over the eastern nobles—had passed away, leaving his widow matriarch of the household. His official cause of death was a riding accident, but there had been ample evidence to suggest foul play.</p>

      <p>“House Krone is the most likely culprit. I can’t prove it, but they’re plotting to pressure Countess von Kelheit into marriage and take over the house. If they’re bold enough to do that, they wouldn’t hesitate to slip poison into your dinner.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. I’ll be careful.”</p>

      <p>As he thanked Aura for her advice, they came at last to the doors of the palace proper. Hiro’s breath caught in his throat, not at the edifice’s beauty, but at its familiarity. From beneath a thousand years of additions and renovations, the ghost of the old royal palace stared down at him. Something akin to homesickness rose in his chest.</p>

      <p><em>It’s like coming back home after a long holiday.</em></p>

      <p>The royal palace had been the first place he had visited after arriving in Aletia. There, he had sworn his oath of brotherhood with Artheus. There, he had met the companions with whom he would bring peace to the battle-scarred lands of Soleil. There, once his war was won and his empire stood tall, he had bid this world farewell. It was where everything had begun, and where everything had ended.</p>

      <p><em>Whatever’s waiting past these doors, I won’t let it stop me</em>, he vowed.</p>

      <p>This would mark the beginning of a new story. A new legend. With his chest dancing in anticipation, Hiro strode through the portal.</p>

      <p>Upon entering the palace, they had to pass through a full-body inspection, conducted by a guard in Hiro’s case and a female official in Aura’s. Once they had received the all-clear, Aura turned to Hiro.</p>

      <p>“We have an escort,” she said.</p>

      <p>Sure enough, behind her, Hiro spied an older gentleman approaching them.</p>

      <p>“I am glad to see that you have safely arrived in the capital,” the man said with a bow. “I am told that you have traveled far. I am Byzan Graeci von Scharm, chancellor to the empire.” He raised his head to reveal an affable smile. “Am I to understand that you are Lord Hiro?”</p>

      <p>Hiro started. “Yes, Hiro Oguro. That’s me.”</p>

      <p>“And it is you who claims to be descended from His Majesty, Emperor Schwartz?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right.”</p>

      <p>“Then I am afraid I must ask you to prove your heritage. Would you be so kind as to follow me?”</p>

      <p>Chancellor Graeci turned and headed deeper into the palace. Hiro and Aura fell in behind him. The right wall of the corridor was occupied by windows, rounded at the top, stretching the full length of the passage in a lavish display of wealth and power. Paintings on the roof extolled the glory of the Spirit King and the Twelve Divines. Among them, a black-clad swordsman who might have been Hiro faced down a horde of enemies.</p>

      <p>Chancellor Graeci’s voice resonated before them as they walked. “Many have professed to descend from the second emperor over the years. Every last one proved a fraud. Even now, we see no end of pretenders hoping to try their luck. I hope you will not hold it against me if I remain skeptical of your identity. Lady Celia Estrella clearly sees something in you, but frankly, I expect nothing more than another opportunist.”</p>

      <p>No doubt the man had seen countless false claims. Hiro could hardly blame him for growing cynical.</p>

      <p>“It is only natural that a military nation such as ours should hold its god of war in the highest regard. I, too, count myself among Mars’s faithful. I cannot express how disgusted I would be to find yet another scoundrel had falsely claimed his bloodline. I daresay my very guts would boil with rage.” Chancellor Graeci stopped before a closed door and turned to face them. “I pray that you are no such scoundrel. For Lady Celia Estrella’s sake, if nothing else.”</p>

      <p>The chancellor inserted a key into the lock and turned it. Hiro and Aura followed him through into a room with white walls that struggled to compensate for the lack of windows. A black overcoat hung from a large clothing stand in the center. Aside from that, the room was bare.</p>

      <p>Chancellor Graeci strode to the clothing stand and motioned for Hiro to join him.</p>

      <p>“To date, over two thousand people have claimed to possess the blood of the War God. Every last one perished the moment they donned this garment.” Carefully, reverently, he lifted the overcoat from the stand and spread it wide. “This is the Black Camellia, which once adorned the shoulders of Mars himself. The spirit within chooses her master, much as the Spiritblade Sovereigns do. Her curse will strike down any other who dares to wear her...unless their bloodline carries the Spirit King’s blessing. That is how you will prove your claim. Are you ready to proceed?”</p>

      <p>Hiro nodded.</p>

      <p><em>It’s been too long, old friend.</em></p>

      <p>This overcoat had been his constant companion across countless battlefields. He felt no fear as he reached out to take her. He even felt a fond smile spread across his face. Yet as his fingers closed around the fabric, the Black Camellia slipped from Chancellor Graeci’s arms and flopped to the floor. A frown creased the chancellor’s brow. There had been no wind, and Hiro could see that he had not dropped the garment intentionally.</p>

      <p><em>Oh boy. She’s mad at me.</em></p>

      <p>The entity housed within the black garb was unusually willful and tempestuous, even by the standards of the five great spirits. It was little surprise that she was angry with him, especially when he had left her to gather dust for a thousand years.</p>

      <p><em>I’m sorry I left you alone for so long</em>.</p>

      <p>He stooped to pick up the fallen overcoat, but it slid away from his grasp and flapped up into the air. Chancellor Graeci’s eyes widened, while Aura’s gaze narrowed intently. Hiro hesitated. Apparently, this relationship was going to take more mending than he thought.</p>

      <p>At that moment, the dark cloth swelled, entwining itself around his limbs. It pulled him in and swallowed him whole in the blink of an eye. Where Hiro had been, now only a globule of darkness remained, pulsating in a manner unpleasantly reminiscent of chewing. The process happened so fast that Aura and the chancellor could only stare.</p>

      <p>“As I thought,” the chancellor sighed. “Another pretender.” The man made no attempt to conceal his disappointment. No doubt he had witnessed the same sight many times before. Yet before his eyes, the darkness began to stir. Slowly, it unfurled like a bud in bloom.</p>

      <p>Astonishment washed over Chancellor Graeci’s face. “Remarkable...”</p>

      <p>Hiro stood there once more, seemingly unperturbed. His school uniform was gone, transformed. Now he wore a black military uniform cut in the old imperial fashion, with an overcoat jacket of deepest sable layered on top. Twin dragons entwined along the ridges of his shoulders, their golden trim striking against the black.</p>

      <p>This was garb invested with the grace of the spirits. A relic of the War God himself, possessed of mystique and dignity in equal measure. Here in the empire, they called it the Black Camellia, but in a far-flung land, it went by another name:</p>

      <p><em>Regalía</em>.</p>

      <p>“I dared not hope...” Chancellor Graeci collected himself and sank to one knee in a vassal’s bow. “Please forgive my earlier discourtesy. To lay eyes upon a true scion of His Majesty the Second Emperor is an honor beyond words.”</p>

      <p>Hiro laughed uneasily. “Please, you don’t need to bow. I’m not the man himself, just someone lucky enough to have his blood.”</p>

      <p>In fact, Hiro was very much the man himself, but Chancellor Graeci might well faint if he learned that. Regardless, it was uncomfortable to have a man easily three times his age treating him with such reverence. He glanced at Aura for help but received only an enraptured stare. Evidently, he was getting no assistance from that quarter.</p>

      <p>He looked back at Chancellor Graeci, whose head was still bowed. “Is that everything, then?”</p>

      <p>“Not yet, I fear. You must next journey to Frieden.” The chancellor inhaled and exhaled several times, then continued. “‘Those who claim the blood of Schwartz shall be put to the proof at Frieden. They whose claim is true shall be furnished with a suitable title. May the Spirit King’s curse fall upon any who defy these words.’ You are familiar with Emperor Artheus’s last will and testament, I presume?”</p>

      <p>Hiro nodded.</p>

      <p>The chancellor stood and headed for the door. “Ideally, you should have visited the Spirit King’s sanctum first, but we could hardly allow just anyone to meet with the archpriestess. Should any harm befall her on our account, we would earn the outrage of the entire continent. Instead, we have taken to first testing claimants with the Black Camellia, for our own good as much as hers.” He gestured for Hiro to follow him into the corridor. “A test that you have passed. Next, you must ride for Frieden, where the archpriestess will—”</p>

      <p>The chancellor halted. A guard was rushing toward them.</p>

      <p>“Lord von Scharm!” the man shouted. “A Knight of the Spirits arrived but moments ago bearing a letter for the emperor! She claims it’s from the archpriestess herself!”</p>

      <p>“For His Majesty himself? This is urgent indeed. I will be there presently. See that the envoy is shown through.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, my lord!” The guard gave a bow and hurried back the way he had come.</p>

      <p>The chancellor turned to Hiro. “My humblest apologies, my lord. It seems I must attend to a pressing matter. Might I ask you to wait a while until I return?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind, but where do you want me to wait? Here?”</p>

      <p>“Gracious me, no. The Chamber of Nobles should suffice.” The chancellor’s gaze fell upon a nearby maid. “You there! Show Lord Hiro to—”</p>

      <p>“I’ll show him,” Aura cut him off.</p>

      <p>“Very well, Lady Aura will guide you. I will return forthwith.”</p>

      <p>Chancellor Graeci departed at a brisk clip. Hiro watched him until he was out of sight, then he and Aura set off for their own destination.</p>

      <p>“Letters from the archpriestess are rare,” Aura said. “Ones for the emperor, even rarer.”</p>

      <p>“Really?”</p>

      <p>“Usually, she relays the Spirit King’s revelations to the chancellor. If this one is addressed to the emperor, it must be important.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s why Graeci looked so worried.”</p>

      <p>“He’ll take it straight to the throne room. The survival of the empire might depend on it.”</p>

      <p>Aura came to a set of double doors. She pushed them open with a comfortable motion and took a seat on a sofa inside. Hiro sat down opposite her.</p>

      <p>“I wonder how long he’ll take,” he mused aloud.</p>

      <p>“Not too long, I don’t think. But it depends on the letter.”</p>

      <p>Hiro shrugged. “I guess all we can do is hope it’s nothing serious.” Looking around the room, a thought struck him. “You know, the Chamber of Nobles sure is empty.”</p>

      <p>“It’s meant for nobles who don’t own mansions on the palace grounds, but few people use it. Many minor nobles have homes in the city. Most of the rest prefer to pass the time in an inn.”</p>

      <p>“Do you have a mansion in the palace?”</p>

      <p>“Only on paper. I don’t use it. I sleep in the guardhouse when I visit the capital.”</p>

      <p>They traded small talk for perhaps twenty minutes before the doors opened again. It was not Chancellor Graeci who entered, but a senior official.</p>

      <p>“Please excuse me, Lord Hiro, but your presence is requested in the throne room.”</p>

      <p>“I thought the princes’ hearings were happening,” Aura said. “Are they over already?”</p>

      <p>The official nodded. “They have concluded without incident. I have been instructed to ensure that Lord Hiro is present when His Majesty issues his verdict.”</p>

      <p>“May I join him?”</p>

      <p>“Lord von Scharm has advised me that you may attend if you wish, but you are to enter through the rear door. Lord Hiro is to enter through the front.”</p>

      <p>“All right,” Hiro said, rising from the sofa. “I guess we shouldn’t keep them waiting.”</p>

      <p>“No. We shouldn’t.” Aura stood up too, following his lead.</p>

      <p>“Please, this way.”</p>

      <p>With the official hurrying them onward, Hiro and Aura left the chamber behind.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>