<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: To the Capital</h1>

      <p><em>The thirteenth day of the seventh month of Imperial Year 1023</em></p>

      <p>That day, as it did every day, Berg Fortress baked in the sweltering prairie heat. A girl’s voice rang through the central tower, cutting through the muggy air like the chime of a bell.</p>

      <p>“Hiro! Where are you?”</p>

      <p>Her name was Celia Estrella Elizabeth von Grantz, the sixth princess of the Grantzian Empire. Even as she stalked through the fortress like a mother searching for a wayward child, she carried herself with a serene grace that compelled the gaze. Her crimson hair shimmered with ardent fire, while her shapely features would bring a sigh of admiration to anyone’s lips.</p>

      <p>“Hiro!”</p>

      <p>Yet it was not her appearance that was most striking, but the flame-red sword on her hip. Its name was Lævateinn, and it was a Spiritblade—one of five legendary weapons fashioned by the first emperor, founder of the Grantzian Empire, and the one that he had loved the best.</p>

      <p>“Where in the world have you run off to?!”</p>

      <p>She had only recently taken over as commander of Berg Fortress, so the complex was still a maze to her. Tracking someone down through its labyrinthine corridors was an arduous task. She clenched her fists in frustration as she walked, scrunching the ornate letter in her hands into a crumpled wad.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” She pouted. “But he’s <em>always</em> on the third floor...”</p>

      <p>The third floor of the central tower was mostly used as a storage space for books, tools, lumber, and the like. The white wolf named Cerberus presently claimed it as her den, and she had taken to snarling at any soldiers who intruded unannounced.</p>

      <p>“Maybe I should check his room again?”</p>

      <p>No sooner had the words left her lips than a door opened at the far end of the dingy corridor. Out padded Cerberus, de facto mistress of the third floor. A black-haired, black-eyed boy followed behind her, his soft features at odds with his forbidding eyepatch—the very boy that Liz had been looking for.</p>

      <p>“Hiro!” she cried, raising a hand to catch his attention.</p>

      <p>He drew closer. “What’s the hurry?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve been searching for you everywhere! It’s urgent!”</p>

      <p>“Sorry. I was in the library. I needed to look something up.” Hiro glanced back at the room behind him, where the fortress’s historical records lined the walls.</p>

      <p>“Oh, really?” Liz planted her hands on her hips. “I’m glad you’re getting yourself an education, but you could at least tell me where to find you.”</p>

      <p>Ever since Hiro had suffered a violent fit brought on by his malfunctioning vision, Liz had developed something of an overprotective streak. He couldn’t blame her for fussing over him after witnessing his attack, but her concern could be a little overbearing.</p>

      <p>“Got it. I’ll be more careful in future,” he said. “Anyway, what’s up?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right! Look, I got a reply to my letter of complaint.” She thrust out her hand.</p>

      <p>Hiro narrowed his eyes at the wad of paper in her grip. “Is that it? It looks pretty scrunched up.”</p>

      <p>“It’s come straight from Father himself. See? There’s the imperial signature.”</p>

      <p>Hiro took the crumpled paper and unfolded it with a foreboding crinkling. “Did the horse carry it here in its teeth?”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t <em>mean</em> for it to end up like that!” Liz protested. “I just got so caught up in looking for you, I forgot I was carrying it, and, well...sorry.”</p>

      <p>She clapped her hands together in apology. With those doey eyes gazing hesitantly up at him, Hiro lost the will to be angry. It was said that beauty was its own blessing, and now he thought he understood what that meant.</p>

      <p>“I guess it’s fine. As long as I can still tell what it says.”</p>

      <p>He lowered his gaze to the letter and began to read.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>My most beloved daughter has apprised me of your circumstances, including your notable contributions in battle against the Duchy of Lichtein. Yet before I congratulate you on your accomplishments, I must first address a more pressing issue: that of your heritage. I understand that you claim to be descended from His Majesty the Second Emperor. Determining Prince Stovell’s punishment requires that this claim be verified. In view of your intimate involvement in this matter, I hereby request your immediate presence in the imperial capital.</em></p>

      <p><em>Signed,</em></p>

      <p><em>Emperor Greiheit, Forty-Eighth Emperor of the Grantzian Empire</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“He says he wants me to come to the capital,” Hiro announced.</p>

      <p>On the one hand, a visit to the capital would provide a valuable opportunity for Hiro to introduce himself to Grantzian high society, not to mention the emperor himself. On the other, there was no telling what dangers might lie in wait for him at court. He would have to tread extremely carefully.</p>

      <p>“Really? That’s great! Come on, we’ll need to pack!” Liz tugged at his arm, grinning widely.</p>

      <p>“I’m not sure you’re invited,” Hiro said. “The letter doesn’t say anything about you coming.”</p>

      <p>Aside from anything else, Liz’s attendance would turn his visit into an imperial family affair. Hiro doubted that her enemies would move as openly against her in the presence of the emperor as they had in the past, but even so, it would be safer for her to remain in Berg Fortress.</p>

      <p>“What? Boo.” Liz puffed out her cheeks indignantly.</p>

      <p>Hiro felt his resolve waver for a moment, but he hardened his heart. “The area around the fortress still isn’t secure. What are the soldiers supposed to do if something happens and you aren’t there to command? Besides, we’re up to our ears in paperwork. Someone needs to fill it out, and half of it needs your signature.”</p>

      <p>Liz kept pouting. “Tris can do it.”</p>

      <p>“Tris is... Well, not to be rude, but he’s a soldier, not a bureaucrat. I’m not sure I’d trust him with matters of state.”</p>

      <p>“I’m a soldier too.”</p>

      <p>“Point taken, but at least you’d do a better job than him. Come on, you can handle a few signatures.”</p>

      <p>Bureaucracy was hardly Hiro’s forte either. Berg Fortress was in dire need of a capable civil tribune. Few officials would be pleased to see themselves assigned to a border fortress, but it would still be worth petitioning the emperor about it if he got the chance.</p>

      <p>“All right, then.” Liz looked up at him with her best puppy-dog eyes. “But if I do a <em>really</em> good job and I get done <em>really</em> quickly, can I join you? Please?”</p>

      <p>Hiro found himself nodding almost on instinct. “Fine. I guess there won’t be much to keep you here anyway, if you get it all out of the way.”</p>

      <p>Liz’s act dropped instantly as she bounced away in glee. “All right, it’s a deal! Those documents aren’t going to know what hit them!”</p>

      <p>“If you say so, but I’m warning you, there are a <em>lot</em> of—”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s warning came too late. Liz was already streaking away at astounding speed.</p>

      <p>“I’ll have to get her a souvenir from the capital,” he said to himself. “That should be enough to get back in her good books. Well, that and an apology.”</p>

      <p>Leaving at night might be prudent. It would be inconvenient if Liz caught wind of his departure.</p>

      <p>Hiro returned to his room to prepare for his impending trip.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The evening sun had slipped below the horizon when Hiro made his move, and the rest of the fortress had long been abed but for the night watch. First, he snuck down to the ground floor of the tower, then crept along the corridor, holding his breath, until he reached the door to the study. A quick peek through the open door revealed Liz slumped over the desk, fast asleep amid stacks of papers. He smiled to himself in relief, but at that moment...</p>

      <p>“What are you up to, you scoundrel?”</p>

      <p>A voice rang out behind him. He wheeled around, backing away in shock. There stood an old soldier with a lantern in his hand. As Hiro watched, the surprise on the man’s face condensed into rage.</p>

      <p>“Well, now. A knave with designs on Her Highness’s virtue, eh?! I’ll show you what for!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>