<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“What I meant was, are these all the men we have? What happened to the reserves?”</p>

      <p>Only the left flank had taken up defensive positions. Before leaving, Hiro had dispatched a man to General von Kilo asking him to ready the reserves, but not only were the reinforcements nowhere to be seen, the rest of the army seemed to be busy confiscating weapons from the prisoners and collecting them into piles. More than a few soldiers were lounging around, taking the weight off their feet.</p>

      <p>“If this is all part of the plan, that’s one thing, but...”</p>

      <p>It was possible this was all part of some elaborate ploy to make the army appear vulnerable, but the soldiers’ idleness seemed a little too believable for Hiro’s liking. He narrowed his eyes.</p>

      <p>“You see...” Liz began, “General von Kilo said that I’m the commander here, so he’ll only listen to me, not the fourth prince.” She steepled her fingers apologetically. “I sent messenger after messenger, but all I got back was ‘two thousand cavalry will be more than enough for those untrained peasants.’ I tried, I really did, but he wouldn’t listen.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it,” Hiro said. “There’s nothing you could have done.”</p>

      <p>That came out blunter than he intended. Liz hung her head.</p>

      <p>Tris’s fury was palpable. The old soldier seemed on the verge of drawing his sword, although Hiro didn’t dare ask whether it was General von Kilo’s audacity or his own lack of tact that had made the man so angry.</p>

      <p>“Let’s speak with him,” Hiro said. “I owe him an introduction anyway, and it sounds like I’m not going to get anywhere near him without you with me. Could you help with that?”</p>

      <p>“Of course!” Liz perked up instantly, delighted to be relied upon. A smile blossomed on her lips. Hiro breathed a silent sigh of relief.</p>

      <p>“I’ll make sure to tell the general about all your good points!” Liz continued.</p>

      <p>“Really, you really don’t have to...”</p>

      <p>“Do you mean to take Mille with you?” Garda’s voice had an edge of concern. “You do not make this von Kilo sound like a trustworthy man. I will not let you carry her into danger.”</p>

      <p>“We’ll have to. Otherwise, what’s to stop you running off with her?” Liz’s gaze was cold as she stared at Garda, tinged with something that might have been hostility. “Don’t think I’ll ever forget how you used her. I won’t let you snatch her away to start another war.”</p>

      <p>Garda shrugged, admonished. “The little lady has a sharp tongue.”</p>

      <p>Mille’s face was hidden from the others, but from Hiro’s angle, he could just about make out her expression. The girl’s mouth was pursed in an unhappy little pout, but she was keeping silent. She seemed to see the sense in what Liz was saying. She had a good head on her shoulders, it occurred to him, especially for her age.</p>

      <p>Hiro decided to move the conversation along before things came to blows. “Tris,” he said, “would you tell the soldiers to be at ease?”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure that’s wise?” the old soldier asked. “For all we know, the enemy might be upon us at any moment.”</p>

      <p>“They’re more likely to attack if they see that we’re the only ones ready. They’ll realize there’s been a communication breakdown.”</p>

      <p>The old soldier pondered that for a moment. “Aye,” he said finally, “but if they see us lounging about unprepared, what’s to stop them trying their luck anyway?”</p>

      <p>“They might under a headstrong commander, but our enemy is too cautious for that. Let him waste time thinking himself in circles. Our soldiers need the rest, and so do our horses.”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s assault had made the enemy wary. The ducal army would tread much more carefully now, unless the imperial forces made an obvious blunder. General von Kilo’s refusal to send the reserves had been a failure on his part, but it had still served to sow suspicion among the enemy.</p>

      <p>With Tris satisfied, Hiro patted his swiftdrake’s head. “I should be off. I’ll let you take care of things here.”</p>

      <p>“Aye, I’ll see it done. Give the general an earful for me, would you?” Tris saw Hiro off with a hearty wallop on the back—an old-fashioned show of encouragement that nonetheless drove the breath from his lungs. Coughing, Hiro set out for the heart of the army.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊</p>

      <p>The sun shone fiercely down over the heart of the Fourth Legion’s forces, but the mood was cheerful. Soldiers bantered and laughed between themselves. To look at the merry scene, one would never have thought the enemy lurked just out of sight.</p>

      <p>A canvas tent had been set up in the center to ward against the sand. Inside stood a plain table with General von Kilo and his advisors arrayed around it, poring over the map laid out on top.</p>

      <p>“Our scouts report that the ducal army has fallen back. They have taken up position here.” One of the advisors placed a pawn on the map. “They appear to be sending out scouts, just as we are. We should assume that they have a good idea of our overall positions.” The man looked up at General von Kilo. “Are you certain it was wise not to send the fourth prince his reinforcements, sir?”</p>

      <p>“I have no obligation to listen to this supposed fourth prince. He could be anybody. For all we know, that letter might have been the work of an enemy spy.”</p>

      <p>“The ducal army has been seen in the area, sir. If they attack in numbers, two thousand men will struggle to hold them off.”</p>

      <p>“You worry too much. Kigui would not have bothered me with this prattle.”</p>

      <p>When the general had learned of his vice-commander’s death at the zlosta’s hands, he had been almost incoherent with rage. The intervention of his advisors had only barely been enough to calm him down.</p>

      <p>“This supposed fourth prince carries the second emperor’s standard, does he not?”</p>

      <p>“So I have heard, sir.”</p>

      <p>“Well, there is your answer. If he is a true scion of Emperor Schwartz, he will give us a display worthy of his forefather’s name.”</p>

      <p>“‘Unrivaled on earth with one thousand, unrivaled in heaven with ten, the War God’s machinations rule the world entire.’ Do you mean those words, sir?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. An absurd fable but perhaps he can live up to it. With two thousand men, he should be doubly unrivaled on earth.” The general chuckled with unconcealed contempt.</p>

      <p>The advisor’s eyebrows arched slightly, but otherwise he continued unperturbed. “The myths may be exaggerated, sir. Besides, what if he truly is who he claims? Many worship the War God, not only among the people but among our own men. If this were to get out, it may threaten your position.” He did not say as much, but from his tone, he too seemed to be one of the War God’s faithful.</p>

      <p>General von Kilo’s smile vanished, replaced by anger. “Enough. Drix, what rank are you?”</p>

      <p>“Second Class Military Tribune, sir.”</p>

      <p>“I see. You may leave.” Von Kilo gestured to the door with a dismissive wave. “Return when you have calmed your temper. The air here seems not to agree with you.”</p>

      <p>“As you command, sir.”</p>

      <p>Drix turned and made his way to the exit. The other advisors watched sympathetically as he went. As he tried to leave, however, he found that he could not.</p>

      <p>“You may stay, Second Tribune Drix.”</p>

      <p>A girl blocked his way. A girl with crimson hair—the Valditte, the Princess of Flame. The advisors bowed their heads as one. Even General von Kilo forced a smile.</p>

      <p>“May I ask what brings you here, Your Highness?” he said with barely concealed displeasure. “I was led to believe that you had taken it upon yourself to prepare for battle.”</p>

      <p>Liz’s brow furrowed. “That’s why I’m here. We’ve asked you several times to ready the reserves. Why haven’t you sent us any reinforcements?”</p>

      <p>“Because I command this army and you do not. That is the only reason that matters.” As General von Kilo smirked, he seemed to notice the boy at the princess’s side for the first time. “As for whoever this is, only those with permission may attend my strategy meetings. Your royal blood does not grant you carte blanche to defy regulations.”</p>

      <p>On closer inspection, the boy was not the princess’s only attendant. A hooded figure stood behind her back. Von Kilo could not discern their gender beneath their heavy cloak, but judging by the short stature, it must have been either a woman or a child. He glared at the trio with distaste.</p>

      <p>“If you were soldiers under my command, I would consider this gross insubordination and deal with it accordingly. I cannot punish a member of the royal family, alas. Still, I encourage you to exercise more discretion in future.” He waved them away as though shooing off a dog. “If there is nothing else, you may return to your posts. I have no time to entertain children.”</p>

      <p>“With all due respect—” Liz began, but a hand on her shoulder stopped her short.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, Liz,” the boy said. “I’ll deal with this.”</p>

      <p>General von Kilo’s eyes narrowed with suspicion at the sound of the princess’s nickname, but before he could address it, the boy approached.</p>

      <p>“General von Kilo, I assume? It’s a pleasure to meet you.”</p>

      <p>Black hair and black eyes, the rare combination known as twinblack. Neither trait existed naturally in Aletia. Even more curiously, more than half of the boy’s face was obscured by an enormous eyepatch. Dressed in his black garb, he was the spitting image of Mars as described in the empire’s myths.</p>

      <p>“I am Hiro Schwartz von Grantz, fourth prince of the empire.” Hiro extended his right hand to shake, then stopped himself. “Oh, do excuse me. I forgot I was only a third rank tribune.” He glanced pointedly at Drix, who was halfway out of the tent. “I assume you do not shake hands with lower ranks.”</p>

      <p>“Of course I do,” von Kilo finally stammered. He accepted the handshake, although the gleam of suspicion in his eyes remained as strong as ever. “Pardon my rudeness, but do you carry any proof of your identity?”</p>

      <p>“My hair and my eyes should do...or so I should think, but I suppose they could be disguised. This can’t be faked, though.” Hiro patted the chest of his overcoat.</p>

      <p>Immediately, the hem of the Black Camellia sharpened into spear-like points that sped toward von Kilo. So sudden was the attack that he could only flinch away, tripping backward and coming down hard on the floor. The impact knocked the breath from his lungs. His soldier’s training paid off as he scrambled back to his feet again, but his chest was heaving and his face was twisted in pain.</p>

      <p>“Have you lost your mind?!” he wheezed.</p>

      <p>Seeing the general fly into a rage, the advisors reached for their swords.</p>

      <p>“Sorry about that,” Hiro said. “The Black Camellia can be irritable when she’s in a bad mood. I should warn you, she’s easily frightened. If you draw your swords, she might start to panic, and then even I won’t be able to stop her.” He looked over the advisors, a smile playing on his lips. “Unless you don’t believe me?”</p>

      <p>Nobody dared take him up on his offer. Hearing the Black Camellia’s name, all of their gazes converged on Hiro’s garb, even at the expense of its wearer. None since the second emperor had been permitted to wear the <em>regalía</em>. They were awestruck to see it up close.</p>

      <p>Sensing the hostility fade from the air, Hiro reached into his pocket and produced a scroll. “If the Black Camellia isn’t enough, this should convince you.”</p>

      <p>General von Kilo approached warily. It was almost comical to see him so easily stripped of his arrogant bluster—not that one could blame him after his recent brush with death. His brow creased as he took the scroll, recognizing it as a missive from the emperor. His face visibly paled as he read. At last, he looked up again, his eyes wide with shock.</p>

      <p>“What is the meaning of this?”</p>

      <p>Hiro patted the man on the shoulder, then retrieved the letter and rolled it up. “In the event that your abilities are found wanting, His Majesty the Emperor commands you to yield leadership of the army to me. Personally, I would place Lady Celia Estrella in command with me as her aide, but—”</p>

      <p>“This is absurd!” von Kilo interrupted, trembling with anger. “I will not yield my command to...to a stripling like you!”</p>

      <p>“Not to me. To Lady Celia Estrella.”</p>

      <p>“There is no difference!” The unpleasantly sticky air only grew hotter with the general’s rage. He was more irate now than he had been after the Black Camellia’s attack. His advisors shied away, watching the confrontation nervously.</p>

      <p>Hiro shrugged dismissively, placing a finger to his lips. “That’s enough. Throwing a tantrum won’t change anything. Accept it and move on.”</p>

      <p>“Wha—?” Von Kilo struggled for words. “I will not be patronized by anyone, least of all by you!”</p>

      <p>“I said that’s <em>enough</em>.”</p>

      <p>A silver streak rent the air. In an instant, there was a sword at von Kilo’s neck. The man whimpered.</p>

      <p>“I have given you every chance to prove your worth, but you have made yourself a burden at every opportunity. I will not tolerate your bumbling presence any longer.”</p>

      <p>“You dare...!”</p>

      <p>“I will decide what to do with you at a later date. We have more pressing concerns at the moment.” Hiro sheathed Excalibur and swept his gaze over the advisors. “And as for the rest of you—by failing to rein in your commander, you have made yourselves complicit. I have no need for a retinue of yes-men.”</p>

      <p>Although he was younger than them in years, he radiated the authority of a battle-hardened veteran. The advisors gulped. They mumbled their apologies, blanching with fear.</p>

      <p>General von Kilo, for his part, seemed stupefied. Watching his ambitions go up in smoke was certainly doing him no favors, but it seemed to be Hiro’s condescension that had dealt the most damage.</p>

      <p>As the man stood dazed, Hiro landed the final blow. “You may leave. Return when you have calmed your temper.”</p>

      <p>Von Kilo’s face flushed beet red. Wordlessly, he collapsed.</p>

      <p>“General?! General!”</p>

      <p>“To the medic, quickly!”</p>

      <p>Two advisors hoisted him onto their shoulders and carried him away. Hiro had not expected von Kilo to literally faint from outrage, but no permanent damage seemed to have been done. He glanced at Liz, who nodded and approached the table.</p>

      <p>“Let’s get this meeting underway,” she said. “Don’t hold back. I want to hear your honest opinions.”</p>

      <p>The advisors straightened, and their faces took on a newfound sobriety.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>With the meeting over, Hiro stepped out of the tent and into dazzling sunlight. Soldiers were dashing to and fro by the hundreds. Sand rose into the air from their harried footsteps, which the wind bore away as it passed, toying with the standard-bearers’ banners and plucking playfully at the hem of Hiro’s overcoat. As he watched the flags flutter in the breeze, it struck him that a change had come over them.</p>

      <p>“That was quick work,” he mused.</p>

      <p>All of General von Kilo’s livery had been taken down, replaced by a lily on a crimson field—the colors of the sixth princess. The change of standards signified that Liz had taken formal command. Still, the greatest task still lay ahead of them: winning the battle. Without victory, their coup would be meaningless.</p>

      <p>“Hiiirooo!”</p>

      <p>As Hiro stood lost in thought, someone flung their arms around him from behind. There were no prizes for guessing who. He smiled affectionately. “What’s gotten into you?”</p>

      <p>Liz pouted. “We haven’t seen each other in ages! You could at least act happy to see me.” She squeezed a little harder, making her displeasure known.</p>

      <p>“Of course I’m happy. I’m glad you’re safe.”</p>

      <p>“I want a bit more enthusiasm out of you, mister. You barely say anything unless you’re spoken to. Try expressing yourself better. If you aren’t good at saying, try doing!”</p>

      <p>Liz seemed to be in a touchy-feely mood, but Hiro was painfully aware of the soldiers’ stares. As he shrank under their gazes, Liz began rubbing her cheek on his neck. She didn’t seem to mind the attention.</p>

      <p>“Could you stop?” he asked, as politely as he could. “People are staring.” It wasn’t unpleasant but it was embarrassing.</p>

      <p>Liz pulled away. “Fine, then. We can pick this up later!”</p>

      <p>She had seemed so single-minded one second, only to change tack completely the next. She really was as fickle as a cat.</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I... Wait, what’s that supposed to mean?”</p>

      <p>But Hiro was too late. Liz had already flounced off with Mille in tow. She joined a group of soldiers who were busy filling sacks with sand.</p>

      <p>“Come on, everyone! I know you’re tired, but just a little more!”</p>

      <p>“Your Highness,” the commanding officer protested, “you needn’t trouble yourself—”</p>

      <p>“I know, but I want to. Don’t worry about me, just keep working.”</p>

      <p>“As you command.” Defeated, the officer turned to the rest of his men and raised his voice. “Put your backs into it, you laggards! Every grain you don’t collect is one you leave to our princess!”</p>

      <p>As Hiro watched, smiling wryly, he noticed a figure standing off to the side. He approached and offered a greeting. “Do you have a moment?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Your Highness?! Whatever do you want with me?!”</p>

      <p>The man snapped bolt upright. It was the advisor named Drix—the one who had dared to contradict General von Kilo and almost been expelled from the meeting for his trouble. Only Liz’s timely arrival had saved him from punishment.</p>

      <p>It seemed to be less Hiro’s royal titles that were making Drix nervous and more his status as the scion of the second emperor. He offered the man a smile to soothe his nerves. A pat on the shoulder encouraged him to stand at ease.</p>

      <p>“There’s something I want you to do for me,” Hiro said. “Something in addition to our official plans.”</p>

      <p>Hiro had used the meeting to order an immediate retreat. The work that Liz and the soldiers were engaged in now was part of that plan—one of several contingencies he had included in case the enemy deduced their intentions. Technically, it would be possible to win without falling back, but standing their ground would cost them in lives. Hiro would settle for nothing less than a complete victory, for utterly breaking the enemy’s spirits and laying a firm foundation for the future to come.</p>

      <p>“What would you have me do?” Drix asked.</p>

      <p>“Could you bring me General von Kilo’s private reports?”</p>

      <p>Drix’s eyes narrowed slightly. He seemed to understand what Hiro was getting at. “Of course, Your Highness. I will see it done forthwith.”</p>

      <p>Once Drix had departed, Hiro resumed walking, meaning to pitch in with Liz and the soldiers. Leaders could not expect to be respected simply for giving orders; they had to set an example for others to follow. That was true in all walks of life, not just in the military, but it was especially vital now, when they were so deep in enemy territory. He would have to take care to eat only once his men had eaten and perform his duties without complaint. The simplest things could have an enormous effect on morale, and though their impact was invisible, it could make the difference between victory and tragedy.</p>

      <p>“Mind if I join in?” he asked.</p>

      <p>Liz turned from her work. She wiped the sweat from her brow and cocked her head. “Don’t you have other things to do?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve notified the officers of the change of command and made sure they have their orders. Everything seems to be going smoothly—well, to my eyes, anyway, if you catch my meaning. I’m just waiting on the scouts’ reports.”</p>

      <p>He had been somewhat surprised to learn that Liz had been in quiet contact with almost every officer in the army. It was hard to know whether he had truly won the men’s hearts after his coup, but in any case, their loyalty to her had ensured their obedience to him. As to whether they would follow his orders once things got messy, only time would tell. In any case, his only outstanding business was dealing with the scouts’ reports; until they returned, his time was his own.</p>

      <p>Liz didn’t seem pleased to hear that, however. “We’ll need you in good shape. You should be trying to save all the strength you can. After all the fighting you’ve done, you must be exhausted.”</p>

      <p>Hiro shrugged. “I’d be lying if I said I’m not, but I can’t be the only one with my hands free.”</p>

      <p>Liz’s eyebrows knotted in concern. “All right, fine. I’ve half a mind to put you to bed myself, but you’d probably only sneak back out again. You’re better off where I can see you.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, now. I’m not a kid.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, really? Then why do you wander off the moment I take my eyes off you?”</p>

      <p>“You know what, I should get started. Sorry, can’t talk!”</p>

      <p>That was quite enough prodding this particular hornet’s nest. Hiro cut the conversation short and pitched in with the soldiers. For a while, he worked in silence.</p>

      <p>After some time, a scout ran up to him. “Lord Hiro. I have returned from the enemy lines.”</p>

      <p>“Good work.” Hiro handed the scout a waterskin and waited for the man to catch his breath.</p>

      <p>“It is as you foresaw, Your Highness. The morale of the enemy slaves is flagging.”</p>

      <p>“Do you think they could launch an offensive?”</p>

      <p>“Not the slaves. They have been sent to the rear. The enemy has brought their camel riders to the fore, ready to charge at a moment’s notice.”</p>

      <p>“So they’re looking for an opening to strike.”</p>

      <p>“I believe so, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>“But it doesn’t sound like they’ve committed to their plan, and we’re almost ready ourselves. I say we spook them a little.”</p>

      <p>Hiro raised a hand, signaling the drumbearers. The men struck their instruments with all their might. Thunderous drumbeats shook the air, a wave of sound that rolled over the rest of the army.</p>

      <p>The left flank’s cavalry were the first to move, advancing east. The right flank’s cavalry circled around to join them. Hiro hefted the fruits of his labor onto his back and mounted his swiftdrake.</p>

      <p>“Remember, Liz, just like we discussed.”</p>

      <p>“I know,” Liz replied. “Take care, okay?”</p>

      <p>“I will. I’m counting on you.”</p>

      <p>With Liz’s voice echoing behind his back—“It’s time, everyone! Let’s get a move on!”—Hiro and his swiftdrake made their way east.</p>

      <p>“Even the wind’s on our side.”</p>

      <p>He listened to the beating of the drums and smiled.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊</p>

      <p>The beating of the Fourth Legion’s drums had plunged the ducal army’s encampment into disarray.</p>

      <p>“We’re under attack! The enemy is coming!”</p>

      <p>“Send the slaves to the fore! Make a wall! The archers too, fill them full of arrows!”</p>

      <p>Marquis Rankeel ground his teeth in chagrin as he watched the nobles descend into panic. “They’re running rings around us.”</p>

      <p>When he had learned of the Fourth Legion’s change of command shortly prior, his first thought had been to gauge his new opponent. He had moved his camel riders to the fore and waited to see how the imperials would respond. When the enemy did nothing, he had concluded that he faced an inattentive commander and started organizing raiding parties—and at exactly that moment, the enemy cavalry had begun to move.</p>

      <p>“And they have momentum in their favor.”</p>

      <p>The enemy had timed their move perfectly. If this was the sixth princess’s work, she was a commander to be feared, and if it wasn’t, she had a capable advisor at her side. That was the privilege of being rulers of the continent: the empire had its pick of the best minds in every field. Still, this was no time for admiration.</p>

      <p>“Stay calm! Deploy the camel riders to the flanks!” Rankeel commanded. He had no idea how the enemy would approach, but he could not risk being surrounded. “Archers to the fore! This is our chance! They’re riding right into our laps!”</p>

      <p>As the words left his mouth, his blood ran cold. The man in black was leading the charge. “So you’ve shown your face,” he muttered.</p>

      <p>The wounds this man had dealt had still not healed. Word of what had happened to the slaves must have spread; even the ordinary soldiers wore masks of terror. He would need to rally them. <em>At least you’ll serve our purposes in death</em>, he thought grimly as he marshaled his resolve.</p>

      <p>“Nock arrows!”</p>

      <p>As he gave the command, the enemy cavalry began to act oddly. They spread out sideways and scattered. The maneuver whipped up a cloud of dust, filling the air with an impenetrable brown haze.</p>

      <p>“Blast it. We’re downwind...”</p>

      <p>The cloud obscured the enemy soldiers, reducing them to battle cries and thundering hoofbeats. That boded ill. The one silver lining was that the dust also concealed the man in black. Thanks to that, most of the ducal soldiers remained ignorant of his presence.</p>

      <p>“If they mean to surround us while we’re blinded, they’re taking us for fools.”</p>

      <p>Rankeel looked over his forces. “Left flank, right flank, advance! First cohort, fall back!” he bellowed. Let the imperials come. It would be them who would find themselves surrounded. In eager anticipation, he waited for the enemy to emerge from the cloud...but they never did.</p>

      <p>“Where are they?”</p>

      <p>Something was wrong. The drumbeats, the battle cries, and the thundering of hooves all continued, but...</p>

      <p>“They’re...receding?”</p>

      <p>By the time Rankeel realized that he had been deceived, it was too late. The dust cloud cleared to reveal...nothing. He began to wonder what the enemy hoped to gain from their trick, but a panicked cry from the soldiers forced him to abandon his train of thought.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s the man in black! He’s here!”</p>

      <p>A wave of dismay sped through the army as the shout went up from the front lines.</p>

      <p>“It can’t be...” Rankeel whispered.</p>

      <p>The enemy was giving him no time to think. Even as Rankeel looked up in surprise, chaos and confusion were spreading through the ducal army’s ranks. The soldiers were petrified. Rankeel rubbed his forehead, feeling a headache coming on. He followed his men’s gaze. A man in black garb was standing stock-still in the distance.</p>

      <p>A vision of a thousand slain soldiers passed through Rankeel’s mind at the sight. His body began to tremble of its own accord. Still, he was not foolish enough to succumb to fear. He slapped his cheek to clear his head, took a breath, and spoke.</p>

      <p>“Order in the ranks! You have nothing to fear from one man!”</p>

      <p>“But sir!” a cry came back. “That one man slew a thousand!”</p>

      <p>“Stand firm, soldier. I have a plan for him.”</p>

      <p>To deal with the man in black, Rankeel had assembled a hundred of the army’s finest. He was not optimistic enough to think they could kill him—not when he could fight a thousand men and win—but at least they could slow him down. If he could only keep the man in black preoccupied, the exhausted Fourth Legion would crumple. The enemy was one man against an army. He could not be everywhere at once.</p>

      <p>“I’ll see you pay,” Rankeel muttered grimly. He drew his sword from his belt and gestured toward the standard-bearer. His chosen hundred camel riders moved forward. The rest of the army resumed their advance, keeping a wary distance.</p>

      <p>“Once the vanguard engages the man in black, we will fall on the Fourth Legion,” he called to a messenger. “Until then, we follow them to disguise our intentions.”</p>

      <p>“I will tell the officers, sir.”</p>

      <p>“See it done.”</p>

      <p>Time passed, but no battle broke out. As Rankeel was starting to grow suspicious, the messenger returned from the front.</p>

      <p>“It’s a decoy, sir! The man in black is a decoy!”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean, a decoy?”</p>

      <p>“He’s nothing but black cloth over logs, sir.” The messenger shrugged an object from his back with a thud. True to his word, it was nothing but wooden logs bound to a sack of earth, draped with black cloth to give it the semblance of a man.</p>

      <p>“Impossible. Ridiculous...” The sight was so absurd, Rankeel struggled for words. Had fear so paralyzed his mind that he had mistaken this scarecrow for the real thing? That he had fallen for this childish trick?</p>

      <p>“There are more, sir. Lots more.”</p>

      <p>“Excuse me?”</p>

      <p>They crested the rise to find themselves at the same site where the Fourth Legion had clashed with the rebel army. The battlefield was an enormous basin where one could look down from all sides. Among the scattered corpses, wooden scarecrows draped with black fabric stood like gravestones.</p>

      <p>“The bastard’s making fools of us.”</p>

      <p>Childish though it may have been, the trick had worked. The entire ducal army knew the man in black’s power, and there was no telling whether the real thing might be hidden among the duplicates. His men were no doubt thinking the same thing. He could see it in the hesitance of their advance.</p>

      <p>“Do they have us surrounded or are they simply covering their retreat? Either way, to think I would be so outclassed...”</p>

      <p>Rankeel could see the Fourth Legion falling back on the other side of the graveyard. It was a tempting sight, but it was bait nonetheless. To pursue them would require proceeding through the basin. If there really was an enemy ambush waiting in the wings, ceding the high ground would not be merely disadvantageous, it would be lethal—and all the more so if the man in black was hiding among his lookalikes. They would be riding to certain defeat.</p>

      <p>“We could march around, but even then...”</p>

      <p>Not only would that give the enemy time to prepare, but the ducal army would run the risk of entering battle with their ranks not fully rejoined. The enemy commander had planned for every scenario. It was nothing short of exquisite strategy.</p>

      <p>“They use our own land against us as though they were born here. Anyone would think we were facing Mars himself.”</p>

      <p>With a self-deprecating chuckle, Rankeel looked up at the sky. The veil of night was setting in. They could no longer afford to wait for the favor of the heavens. Along that path lay ruin.</p>

      <p>A shadow fell over his face. The road to victory had never seemed so dark. His men’s fighting spirit was waning and their morale was flagging. If he couldn’t find a way out of this quagmire soon, they would all drown in it.</p>

      <p>An invisible wall seemed to stretch before him, tall and broad and impassable.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>