<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 16</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Information Exchange</h1>

      <p>The group left the lecture hall and moved to a meeting room within the consulate. Christina and Flora sat on one side of a table with Rio and Celia sitting opposite them.</p>

      <p>“So, I’ve invited the professor to talk with us because there’s a very important matter to discuss...” Christina said solemnly, glancing at Rio’s expression. Rio gave a small nod, which Flora watched with bated breath.</p>

      <p>“And what matter is that...?” Celia straightened her posture. She sensed the heavy atmosphere from the faces of everyone present.</p>

      <p>“The matter involves me and you, Professor. Can you guess what it is?” Rio joined the conversation by purposely calling her “Professor” while in front of Christina and Flora.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Could it be...” Celia was terribly shaken. She seemed to suspect his intentions immediately but didn’t speak further out of fear of saying something carelessly.</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina and Princess Flora are aware that I am Rio,” Rio revealed boldly, showing no panic whatsoever.</p>

      <p>“R... Really? How... How am I supposed to react to that?”</p>

      <p>In contrast, Celia was the one who reacted with anxiety. She still didn’t know what events had led to Rio’s identity being revealed, or what the fallout of knowing his identity was, so she nervously waited to hear if the story took a bad turn.</p>

      <p>“Although we’ve learned that Sir Amakawa’s identity is that boy from back then... That is, the boy named Rio, we don’t plan on doing anything in particular about it. We are the only three in the Restoration that know this secret. And I fully intend on taking it with me to the grave.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, we definitely won’t tell anyone about Sir Rio!”</p>

      <p>Christina and Flora both spoke resolutely.</p>

      <p>“You two...” Seeing their attitudes, Celia sighed in relief.</p>

      <p>“We believed it would be better to exchange information with you, so we arranged this meeting to have a discussion,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“You could say that goal has been achieved already,” Christina commented with a hint of joy.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. However, if you have any questions or doubts, we can use this chance to clarify things,” Rio stated, looking around at their faces.</p>

      <p>“Questions... When you put it that way, a couple do come to mind... But everything’s been so shocking and nerve racking and relieving that they’ve all blown away.” Celia laughed, looking at Rio with a tired face. She’d had to process the situation repeatedly in a short period of time, so that was understandable.</p>

      <p>“But if I were to describe my state of mind right now... I find it rather fresh. The fact that Princess Christina is saying Rio’s name, the fact that the three of you who were never together at the academy are together like this now, and the fact that I happen to be present to witness it...” Celia added, her expression softening.</p>

      <p>Flora agreed with an intense nod. “It certainly is strange hearing Sir Rio’s name come from my sister’s mouth. She made absolutely sure to distance herself from him at the academy, never exchanging words with him—not even mentioning his name when he wasn’t there.”</p>

      <p>“That— That was because I was still immature and believed I had to distance myself from him on account of our statuses...” Christina mumbled with a rare blush.</p>

      <p>“You did call Rio ‘the boy from back then’ just now. Even though he’s right here.” Celia giggled. Even uttering Rio’s name must have been embarrassing for Christina.</p>

      <p>“I wasn’t sure how else to refer to him...”</p>

      <p>Christina ducked her head, blushing harder. “Sir Rio” sounded a little strange, just “Rio” wouldn’t do, and “Mister Rio” was also odd. She didn’t know how else she could call him, so she’d chosen “the boy from back then” just to be safe.</p>

      <p>“I’ve always called him ‘Sir Rio’! But I guess I can no longer do that now...”</p>

      <p><em>Even though that was what was the most comfortable for me</em>, Flora’s expression said.</p>

      <p>“No matter how much I tried to stop her in the past, she always worried about him.” Christina recalled the past with a sentimental look.</p>

      <p>“That’s because saving me inconvenienced Sir Rio so much...” Flora hung her head gloomily.</p>

      <p>“It wasn’t your fault. I was merely too much of a heretical existence within the society of that academy.”</p>

      <p>“That... That was because of our flaws. If you hadn’t saved me, you wouldn’t have had to enter the academy, and be falsely accused of a crime at the outdoor drill... Even though Sir Rio saved me, I was helpless and unable to do anything...”</p>

      <p>Rio acted like there was no need to worry about it, but Flora still brooded over it, gradually placing more and more of the blame on herself.</p>

      <p>“But if I hadn’t entered the academy, I wouldn’t have met Professor Celia. That would be a problem for me,” Rio said with a teasing chuckle.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!” Taken aback by Rio’s sudden statement, Celia blushed.</p>

      <p>“You two were close back then too.” Christina observed their expressions.</p>

      <p>“I tried to keep that quiet to avoid the attention of students who didn’t think highly of him... How did you notice? I even made sure we always met up in my research lab instead of anywhere else,” Celia said.</p>

      <p>“I never saw the two of you speaking closely in front of other students, but I sometimes caught sight of you together after class.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>It was precisely because Christina had been so conscious of avoiding Rio that she naturally ended up looking at him more often. Celia realized that but swallowed her words, figuring Christina would be embarrassed by having that brought up.</p>

      <p>“Now that I think back on it, Christina must have been observing Sir Rio as well.” Flora pointed it out instead.</p>

      <p>“...You were always watching him, so I had no choice but to notice that,” Christina said a little bluntly, probably to hide her shyness.</p>

      <p>“But... It’s true that Sir Amakawa was an eye-catching presence back then. He absorbed knowledge at a rapid rate for an orphan, studying diligently to close the gap with the nobles of the academy in only a short amount of time—and surpassing them. Now his sword abilities even surpass Alfred, the strongest in the kingdom. In reality, I could clearly sense your latent but prominent talent back then,” Christina admitted, explaining why Rio had caught her interest at the same time.</p>

      <p>“Surely that is an exaggeration...”</p>

      <p>“It’s the truth. You stood out so much that it made me ashamed of how pleased I had been when I was praised as a child prodigy. You excelled far too much. However, when I learned of your true identity, everything suddenly made sense. That is, I’m not sure if this is appropriate to ask, but...”</p>

      <p>“What is it?” Rio tilted his head, prompting her to continue.</p>

      <p>“Lucius said... your mother was royalty...” Christina brought up the topic of Rio’s mother, Ayame.</p>

      <p>After a long pause, Celia reacted in shock. “Huh?!”</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Christina was also confused.</p>

      <p>“I actually haven’t told Celia that my mother was royalty.” Rio scratched at his cheek awkwardly as he explained the reason for Celia’s surprised reaction.</p>

      <p>“R-Really?! Please accept my apologies!” Christina realized she’d slipped up and apologized in a panic.</p>

      <p>“No... Now that I think about it, Lucius mentioned that during our battle, didn’t he? I didn’t forbid you from speaking about it, and there’s no problem if Celia finds out, so don’t worry about it. I don’t believe it’s a topic that needs to be told to others. Or rather, it’s difficult to speak about, so I kept it a secret until now. But this may be a good chance,” Rio said, calming Christina down without showing any particular anger.</p>

      <p>“Then, is it true...?”</p>

      <p>At Christina’s words, Flora and Celia’s gazes fixed on Rio.</p>

      <p>“Yes. My mother was royalty from another kingdom,” Rio confirmed clearly.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s quite shocking. So your mother was a princess like Princess Christina and Princess Flora, right...?” Celia asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“Apparently so.”</p>

      <p>“Apparently so... That’s a tremendous thing, though... Doesn’t that make you royalty as well, Rio?” Celia’s face twitched.</p>

      <p>“When you put it that way, I suppose so... But I only learned the truth after leaving the Beltrum Kingdom myself, a mere one or two years ago. The fact that my mother was an immigrant and that I lived in the slums makes things a little complicated. I don’t consider myself royalty either.”</p>

      <p><em>So please don’t worry about it, </em>Rio thought, trying to brush it off lightly.</p>

      <p>“Even if you don’t think that way, it isn’t such a simple matter. Suppose you are royalty from a kingdom that has interacted with the Beltrum Kingdom before. The things Beltrum did in the past is enough cause for an international problem. Of course, your status as a royal doesn’t change the fact that our actions were unforgivable.”</p>

      <p>The position of royalty in relations between kingdoms had a special value, which was what Christina had pointed out with a stiff expression.</p>

      <p>“My mother was born in the Karasuki Kingdom, which is located in the Yagumo region. They have absolutely no relation to the Beltrum Kingdom, so you may rest assured.”</p>

      <p>“Even so... The fact you learned of this one or two years ago means you met your royal relatives in your mother’s homeland, right?” Christina asked. In other words, could Rio reclaim his royal position whenever he wanted?</p>

      <p>“I met my grandparents—the king and queen. But as I said before, the circumstances are complex, and I will never, ever be treated as royalty by my mother’s homeland.”</p>

      <p>“Is that... Is that something I may ask about in detail?” Christina asked hesitantly.</p>

      <p>Rio thought for a moment before answering. “It’s a highly confidential secret in the Karasuki Kingdom. Only the king, queen, and select others are aware of it. But there’s practically no interaction between the Strahl and Yagumo regions, so I don’t mind telling you if you keep it to yourselves. Though it may be a long story...”</p>

      <p>“We swear we’ll never tell anyone else,” Christina declared with a severe look. Flora and Celia also nodded their quiet agreements.</p>

      <p>“I understand. Now, where should I start...”</p>

      <p>With that preface, Rio began telling them about his parents’ past.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Before Rio spoke about his parents, he summarized what had happened between him leaving the Beltrum Kingdom and arriving at the Yagumo region. He believed that clarifying this would make things easier to understand.</p>

      <p>After the outdoor drill four years ago, he’d left the Beltrum Kingdom to head for his parents’ homeland in the Yagumo region. He’d arrived there safely, but he had some trouble finding their exact village and had to move from town to town, until finally, he was able to meet a relative from his father’s side.</p>

      <p>He’d stayed with his grandmother and cousin in the village his father Zen grew up in, where he learned his father was born as a farmer.</p>

      <p>One day, the warrior named Gouki, a former acquaintance of his parents who had once served his mother Ayame, visited the village. His father, who was blessed with military talent, made a name for himself through war and had been promoted to guarding Ayame along with Gouki.</p>

      <p>Ayame was smitten with Zen, but their love was a forbidden dream. One day, to negotiate peace with their enemy nation, a prince came to the Karasuki Kingdom, but that had been a trap. The prince’s close aide had nearly kidnapped Ayame, and Zen prevented the attempt. However, the enemy prince claimed that Zen killing his aide was an international problem, demanding that Ayame be given to him and Zen executed as reparations.</p>

      <p>The peace had been ruined in an instant, causing the noble and military houses of the Karasuki Kingdom—as well as the citizens—to explode in fury, crying for Zen and Ayame to be handed over to the enemy as demanded.</p>

      <p>At that time, the only option left was to allow Zen and Ayame to run away and redirect the discontent onto them, resuming the war to resolve things. With that, the Karasuki Kingdom set out for war once again, this time emerging victorious. However, there was no way to take back the fact that Zen and Ayame had fled. The two were treated as great criminals and left the kingdom, heading towards the Strahl region in search of repose.</p>

      <p>“That’s the gist of things... You can pretty much imagine the rest. My parents threw aside their status and married in Beltrum, where I was born. After that, my father was killed by Lucius before I was old enough to remember him, and my mother was killed several years later, leaving me alone in the slums. That’s where I met all of you, on that day Princess Flora was kidnapped and you were all searching for her,” Rio concluded, wrapping up his long story.</p>

      <p>“W-Wah...”</p>

      <p>Celia and Flora were crying loudly.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>