<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 16</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5-1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Umm... Hello?” Rio called out to them with a troubled look.</p>

      <p>“That’s awful... Why... Why did such a thing...” Flora protested in tears, wiping at her eyes with a handkerchief.</p>

      <p>Celia had her hand pressed over her mouth, completely speechless.</p>

      <p>“I appreciate the fact you’re crying for my parents, but this happened over twenty years ago,” Rio said awkwardly.</p>

      <p><em>So please don’t cry so much, </em>he thought.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s wrong!”</p>

      <p>Celia shot up from the sofa to protest fiercely.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is?”</p>

      <p>What exactly was wrong? Rio tilted his head with a puzzled voice.</p>

      <p>“I’m crying about your parents, but also about you!” Celia asserted.</p>

      <p>“I-I see... But you already knew parts of the story already, no? How I came to live in the slums and stuff.”</p>

      <p>He’d mentioned it in front of Christina and Flora before too.</p>

      <p>“That’s true, but I didn’t know all of it! There were just so many sorrowful events that led to you living in the slums by yourself—like your parents’ tragic past—and you were so helpless to it all. I’m so upset! I was just living happily without a care back then...” Celia protested in tears, a tormented look on her face.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much... However, I’m no longer by myself. So please don’t cry. Or rather, I’d appreciate it if you stopped crying. I want you to always be laughing.”</p>

      <p>“Th-That wording is cunning...” Celia was unable to speak any further, hanging her head. At the same time, Flora’s tears finally waned, while Christina silently watched their exchange with a slightly conflicted expression.</p>

      <p><em>These two are truly tied by a deep bond...</em></p>

      <p>It was painfully obvious that in the five years they had been idly feigning ignorance, Rio and Celia had built up a strong and trusting relationship. Thus, Christina regretted feeling guilty.</p>

      <p>During their short journey back from Paladia, she had experienced the kindness and depth of his heart. As a consequence, she had been driven by the urge to depend on his kindness. There were times she’d almost made the wrong presumption.</p>

      <p>However, she wasn’t allowed to make such presumptions. Christina bit down on her lip and rebuked herself.</p>

      <p><em>Sir Amakawa’s kindness is directed towards Professor Celia. That’s why...</em></p>

      <p>She took a deep breath, making herself the calmest person in the room.</p>

      <p>“If I may say something?” She raised her hand to call for attention, addressing Rio and Celia.</p>

      <p>“M-My apologies. I was immersed in the conversation.” Celia felt ashamed of how much more emotional her reaction had been than Christina’s and apologized in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“No, I could see how strong the bond is between you. I think your relationship is lovely, which is why I’d like to make a suggestion.”</p>

      <p>“A suggestion?”</p>

      <p><em>Do you know anything?</em> Celia looked at Rio’s face as though to say that. Rio shook his head, expressing his lack of awareness about what Christina was about to suggest.</p>

      <p>“Back in Cleia, I invited you to join the Restoration and work in Rodania as you are now. However, I believe you should join Sir Amakawa from here onwards.”</p>

      <p>“Me... with Rio?” Celia blinked, then looked at Rio beside her.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Your place in the organization will remain, but you may stay wherever you wish. Whether that be here if Sir Amakawa stays in Rodania, the new mansion he received in the Galarc Kingdom, or the house Miharu and the others are living in. Of course, I’m not insisting you go out of your way to stay together with him at all times. My suggestion is for you to take more of an assistant role to Sir Amakawa.” Christina looked at the two people seated opposite her as she explained the details.</p>

      <p>Naturally, Celia was bewildered by the sudden suggestion. “Umm, this is all so sudden. It’s a little confusing...”</p>

      <p>“I know whatever I say will sound like I’m doing this out of self-interest, so allow me to be blunt. I want you to be the bridge connecting the Restoration to Sir Amakawa. It’s a vital role I cannot entrust to any other noble of the Restoration, so I am requesting this of you.” Christina explained her motive in a straightforward manner.</p>

      <p>Even so, Celia hesitated in silence, unable to give an immediate reply.</p>

      <p>“I’ve mentioned this to Sir Amakawa already, but there will be an increasing number of marriage proposals from the nobles of the Restoration from here onwards. However, by assigning Professor Celia the official position of Sir Amakawa’s assistant, we should be able to control such proposals to a much better degree,” Christina continued.</p>

      <p>“Does that mean Celia will be a candidate for my marriage?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>Celia also seemed to infer that meaning and flinched in surprise.</p>

      <p>At the same time, Flora’s eyes were also wide. Christina and Duke Huguenot had discussed the potential of Celia becoming Rio’s possible fiancée, but she hadn’t expected that topic to be brought up here and now.</p>

      <p>“That would depend on your relationship. I won’t insist upon anything, and I won’t allow anyone else to compel you either. However, in order to stop the marriage proposals from those in the Restoration, your relationship will need to be externally perceived by others in that way.”</p>

      <p>“Is that... Is that in order to pull Rio into the Restoration?” Celia asked shamefully, unwilling to do such a thing.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know whether you’ll believe me, but I am personally firmly against using the relationship between you two for the benefit of the organization. Considering the treatment Sir Amakawa received from us in the past, I cannot allow such shameless behavior. However, the nobles of the Restoration are unaware of Sir Amakawa’s identity. Because of this, they will scheme to win him over. It is an axiom that doing so will bring the Restoration great benefit, after all,” Christina said with an ironic smile.</p>

      <p>“While this may not be an appropriate metaphor, if I were to compare this to marriage, this isn’t the act of letting the Restoration-affiliated Professor Celia go to Sir Amakawa’s side, but the act of sending the Restoration-affiliated Professor Celia off to marry,” she continued, stressing her point.</p>

      <p>“I-I see... I’m going off to marry Rio.”</p>

      <p>The example of marriage made Celia blush faintly. From a noble’s point of view, there was a huge difference between leaving to marry into a family, and having someone else marry into yours.</p>

      <p>“Once Professor Celia takes her position as Sir Amakawa’s assistant, she will no longer have to prioritize the Restoration’s interests. Her highest priority will be Sir Amakawa, and the Restoration will come after that. I stated just now that I want her to be the bridge connecting the Restoration to Sir Amakawa, but if conflict were to ever fall between us, she may stand on Sir Amakawa’s side and prioritize him over us,” Christina explained.</p>

      <p>“What do you think? I plan on using the pretext of the Restoration lending its best sorcerer out as an assistant. As for what I’d like you to do for the Restoration... If you could regularly drop by to meet me, the nobles should be easier to convince.” Christina looked at Rio and Celia’s faces.</p>

      <p>“The assistant role is just for outward appearance, right? Based on what you’ve said, having Celia become my assistant will become an excuse to stop the marriage proposals, and she’ll be considered a candidate for my marriage.”</p>

      <p>Rio spoke of the point he was unsure about. In doing this, Celia was liable to never be married to anyone.</p>

      <p>“Yes. This will naturally apply if we use the assistant position as a pretext to refuse marriage proposals, and even without using it as pretext, nobles will be able to infer it.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, I cannot agree. This is a matter that concerns Celia’s life. I am capable of rejecting the marriage proposals myself.”</p>

      <p>“I agree that this concerns her life. That’s why I’d like to leave the decision to Professor Celia. I’m not asking for an immediate reply. If this is finalized, I’ll have to report to King Francois about it too, so I’m willing to wait if the two of you need time to discuss it further.”</p>

      <p>“Umm... No, there’s no need for that... Princess Christina, please allow me to take the role of Rio’s assistant.” Celia volunteered for the position of Rio’s assistant of her own accord. She seemed to be nervous, as she was short of breath.</p>

      <p>“Celia...?” Rio said, staring closely at his teacher beside him.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s fine! This is my own decision!” Celia insisted shrilly.</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>“J-Just so you know, I’m not doing this for the sake of the organization. I want to return the favor I owe you, like how you wanted to do so for me. Though I probably won’t be repaying much just by becoming your assistant...”</p>

      <p>“That’s not true...”</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided. If you’re worried about my marriageable years, then don’t. I told you back in the academy, I don’t intend on getting married anytime soon.”</p>

      <p>Rio opened his mouth to say something like “you’re better off getting married,” or “you may not be able to marry for a while because of this,” but he couldn’t say anything. The words he would have perhaps uttered if he had still yet to accomplish his vengeance on Lucius didn’t come out. However, he didn’t know the reason why.</p>

      <p>“Anyways, I don’t want to force myself into marrying someone I’m not particularly in love with. That’s why I’ll wait. I’ll wait forever. Even if I end up single for my whole life, I want to stay with you. Th-Though that might be a nuisance to you...” Celia vented her emotions towards Rio, who sat in silence.</p>

      <p>“It isn’t a nuisance... There’s no way you’re a nuisance. It’s just, I...”</p>

      <p>He wavered. All Rio understood right now was the fact he was unsure.</p>

      <p>“Sir Amakawa seems to be worried... But I see that it is a very honest reaction,” Christina interrupted. “I know my suggestion was abrupt. How about we put it on hold for now?” she asked, looking at Rio and Celia’s faces.</p>

      <p>The two of them were mindful of each other, neither agreeing nor disagreeing. Flora watched them while holding her breath. She opened her mouth to say something, but no words came out. No, perhaps she couldn’t get them out.</p>

      <p>“In a week’s time, Sir Amakawa will be returning to Galarc’s capital. Professor Celia, I was hoping you would accompany him. Please use that time to think for yourself. I’m prepared to wait a while,” Christina said to the two of them.</p>

      <p>“I understand. Although... I have no intention of changing my mind,” Celia calmly but resolutely asserted.</p>

      <p>“Understood...” Rio said and nodded quietly.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Afterwards, the group soon dispersed from their meeting.</p>

      <p>A party was to be held tonight in celebration of Christina and Flora’s return, but Rio would only be stressed over how to treat the nobles if he attended, so Christina gave him permission to not go.</p>

      <p>Rio and Celia proceeded to leave the consulate and headed outside. The earlier conversation lingered in the air, causing the atmosphere between them to feel a little heavy.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Aishia’s voice echoed within Rio and Celia’s heads.</p>

      <p><em>Celia, do you want to marry Haruto?</em></p>

      <p>Setting Rio aside as the contract holder, an internal path was needed in order for Aishia to send Celia telepathic messages, so she was probably dwelling within Celia’s body at the moment.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!” Celia squeaked, coming to a stop with a blushing face. There was no one other than Rio in the immediate vicinity, but the soldiers on guard heard her voice and noticed her.</p>

      <p><em>Wait. Wh-What are you saying, Aishia?! </em>Celia objected telepathically. Through his connection to Aishia, Rio could hear her voice as well.</p>

      <p><em>Wasn’t the conversation just now about that?</em> Aishia asked curiously.</p>

      <p><em>No! I mean, kind of... But not like that!</em> Celia must have been considerably shaken, as her objection was made in a clearly flustered voice. However, it was at this point that she realized the soldiers were watching her curiously and hastily resumed walking to avoid suspicion.</p>

      <p><em>Which is it, Haruto...?</em> Aishia asked Rio this time.</p>

      <p><em>Why me?</em> he thought, startled.</p>

      <p><em>By becoming my assistant, Professor— Celia might be treated like my fiancée</em>, he answered, feigning his composure.</p>

      <p><em>Is that a bad thing?</em></p>

      <p><em>Not exactly bad, but... </em>Rio struggled to find an answer.</p>

      <p><em>Do the two of you want to be together?</em></p>

      <p>This question was probably directed at both of them.</p>

      <p><em>I...would like to</em>, Rio admitted honestly.</p>

      <p><em>R-Really?</em> Celia looked at Rio in slight surprise.</p>

      <p><em>I believe it’s cowardly to remain silent about my feelings, so I’m going to convey them properly. Until now, my life has been nothing but loss. I’ve had to watch my connections continuously be taken from me. That’s why, until just recently, I only lived for my own sake... But the truth is, I haven’t just been losing things. I’ve gained more connections than what I’ve lost, </em>Rio explained.</p>

      <p><em>Rio... </em>Celia made a face like a strong emotion was welling up within her.</p>

      <p><em>I never want to lose another connection again. That’s why, if it isn’t too late, I’d like to treasure the connections I have with everyone who has treated me well. Of course, that includes you too, Celia. You’re the first connection I gained after I lost everything when I was five years old, so I want to be with you. That is what I truly feel, </em>Rio declared.</p>

      <p><em>Then you should just be together, </em>Aishia urged.</p>

      <p><em>But I know that would be selfish of me. Celia has her status as a noble to consider... I’m a coward, so I don’t want to lead Celia away from her happiness just for the sake of my desire to stay together.</em></p>

      <p>In short, he didn’t have the resolution for it. Rio still didn’t have confidence in himself because he had once lost what was important to him—what he hadn’t been able to protect.</p>

      <p>He was scared—of losing what was precious to him, of being unable to protect them. But he had already gained new cherished things...</p>

      <p>But this was why he was anxious; he couldn’t find an answer, and his ideals were like a child’s.</p>

      <p>He was still a coward, for now. People couldn’t change so easily.</p>

      <p><em>You know, the happiest moments of my life were always when I was with you, Rio. Those times we drank tea in my research lab at the academy, and those times when we lived together in the stone house. Those were the times I forgot everything about being a noble and felt happiness, </em>Celia said, expressing her feelings as well.</p>

      <p><em>But there was also the part of me who was a noble—who thought I had to live for the sake of the kingdom. That’s why I joined the Restoration. But...</em></p>

      <p><em>I want to stay by your side, as both an individual, and a noble. I didn’t think that was possible until now. I believed it shouldn’t be possible. But when Princess Christina suggested I become your assistant, I started wondering if it was actually possible... I was so happy, I agreed with Princess Christina before I knew it.</em></p>

      <p><em>Celia... </em>Rio unconsciously came to a stop and stared at Celia.</p>

      <p><em>A-And so, that’s why... It’s not like I want you to take responsibility for it or anything, okay? Y-You don’t have to worry about it if other people think I’m your fiancée! Oh, but you might be worried about yourself, huh?! </em>Celia’s face grew redder and redder, her words becoming more incoherent.</p>

      <p><em>Please calm down, </em>Rio called out to her with a wry smile.</p>

      <p><em>R-Right...</em></p>

      <p><em>I know we just left the fortress, but let’s go back to Princess Christina and tell her you’ve officially accepted the assistant role.</em></p>

      <p><em>Okay... </em>Celia replied hesitantly.</p>

      <p>After that, the two of them turned around and returned to where Christina and Flora were. Their footsteps were much lighter than when they were walking away from the consulate, and they had soft smiles on their faces that spoke of the heaviness that had been lifted from their chests.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>