<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 16</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: To Rodania</h1>

      <p>Rio bid a temporary farewell to Satsuki, Charlotte, and Liselotte and boarded the Restoration’s airship for Rodania. After boarding, he was invited to the living room where Christina and Flora were staying to wait for their arrival. Duke Huguenot had been excluded from Christina’s invitation, so he was waiting in another room.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the invitation,” Rio said to the sisters as soon as he sat down. Given how the three of them had traveled to the Galarc Kingdom’s capital together, it felt a little strange.</p>

      <p>“It’s become natural for the three of us to be together lately, so it does feel a little odd. Only one day has passed since we arrived in the capital, but it feels like it’s been a long time since we last saw each other.”</p>

      <p>“I was just thinking the same, Christina.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, Christina and Flora felt the same way as Rio. If there was anything that had changed between them, then that would be it.</p>

      <p>“While we were traveling, the only time the artifact didn’t change my hair color was when it was just the three of us in the house. Those were the times I could relax, but I cannot do that here. Perhaps that may be why.”</p>

      <p>Rio pointed out the difference between when he was alert and not. In other words, when the three of them traveled together, Rio interacted with Christina and Flora using his relaxed side more, but now he was here as Haruto Amakawa, his alert side instead.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, we’ve also become more tense since rejoining the organization.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>Christina and Flora agreed with him.</p>

      <p>“Actually, there were several things I wanted to discuss before arriving in Rodania, which is why I called you here. You may not be able to unwind while you’re here, but would you be willing to hear me out for a while?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. I’d be glad to.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll start with the easiest topics. If you’re going to bring Miharu and your friends to the Galarc Kingdom, does that mean Sara and the others are in Rodania right now? I’m greatly indebted to Sara’s group, so I’d love to thank them again if possible.”</p>

      <p>For her first topic, Christina brought up the location of Sara and the others.</p>

      <p>“I have another stone house that I use for my travels. They’ve been using that to live quietly in the forest outskirts of Rodania.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>“I know where they’re located, so it’s possible for them to come to Rodania within a day or so. But like I’ve mentioned before, Sara and the others are young ladies from a minority group, and they’ve been taught to avoid kingdom politics. I believe they’d want to avoid attending anything with a political nuance, so if you could keep that in mind as you interact with them, it may be possible to arrange a meeting. I apologize for having so many requirements...”</p>

      <p>Rio bowed his head. He wanted to leave the matter of whether they attended or not to the people in question, so he gave requirements even though he was speaking to two princesses.</p>

      <p>“I understand. In that case, if Sara and the others visit Galarc with you, I’ll either find some time to visit your mansion or set aside some time to speak to them on the airship there. Would that be all right?” Christina suggested.</p>

      <p>“Of course, I don’t mind, but... Is it okay to bother two princesses like this?”</p>

      <p>Although he was the one who set the conditions, Rio felt slightly flustered by the thought of making two princesses visit him. In reality, it was very rare for royalty to go out of their way to visit the mansions of nobility.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I wish to tell them thank you, so it’s only polite for me to visit them. With the mansion belonging to you, there won’t be a problem if we go using this pretense. If they visit you while in Rodania, I can arrange it so that no one from the Restoration will approach your estate during their stay,” Christina stated clearly.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much for the consideration. Then I will contact you if Sara and the others decide to come.”</p>

      <p>Rio bowed his head respectfully.</p>

      <p>“Please do. Then next is the topic of Professor Celia.”</p>

      <p>Christina brought up Celia’s name somewhat reluctantly.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter with the professor?”</p>

      <p>Rio had been unable to refer to Celia with her title in front of others lately and often referred to her only by name, but since there was no need to do so in front of the royal siblings, who now knew his identity, he followed Christina’s lead and called her “professor” again.</p>

      <p>“I believe you should inform Professor Celia that we are aware of your identity now. What do you think about this?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, it may be difficult to interact without sharing that information,” Rio agreed with a strained smile. “If you can arrange a setting without any other third parties, we can discuss it all together. But if that seems difficult, I can also inform her myself. I don’t mind if the three of you discuss things among yourselves afterwards,” he suggested.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I will try to arrange a meeting for just the four of us after we arrive in Rodania, but if that doesn’t seem possible, we’ll leave the explanation to you, Sir Amakawa,” Christina said, figuring it would be better for Rio to be present at the explanation.</p>

      <p>“Understood.” Rio nodded, seeing no problem with that.</p>

      <p>“On top of that, I’d like to discuss the reward from the Restoration to you for the incident this time.”</p>

      <p>Christina had been sitting elegantly to begin with, but she straightened her back even more as she brought up the topic of the reward. Then, sensing Christina’s nerves, Rio spoke up.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’d prefer if you could decide on something modest, if possible. I don’t wish to be a burden on you either, and there’s nothing in particular I desire anyway,” Rio stated with a frown.</p>

      <p>“I appreciate the sentiment, but I’m afraid the circumstances are rather unavoidable.”</p>

      <p>“Are you referring to what King Francois referred to as setting an example for others?”</p>

      <p>“That is part of it, but the reward that was suggested for the Restoration to give to you is a betrothal to a prominent noblewoman of the organization.” Christina sighed tiredly.</p>

      <p>“A betrothal, you say...”</p>

      <p>Indeed, that was a rather troubling reward. Extremely troubling—that was Rio’s first thought.</p>

      <p>“I suppose it would only be seen as a nuisance, after all?”</p>

      <p>Christina sighed further, noticing the faint change in expression on Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“While I’m terribly honored to receive such an offer...”</p>

      <p>“My apologies. I knew it would be a bother, but I had to at least mention it or things would get more troublesome in the future,” Christina said, bowing her head. She had to establish the fact she brought up the topic or she’d be hounded about it forever.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s not something Your Highness has to apologize for... I just didn’t imagine such an offer would be made.”</p>

      <p>“That just shows how appealing your achievements were. At present, Duke Huguenot is quite insistent on this.”</p>

      <p>“Do you mean he wants a betrothal to a noblewoman of the Huguenot house? I didn’t know there was one available...”</p>

      <p>“He said he wanted to offer you his eldest daughter with his second wife, I believe. However, even I recognize this is impossible considering the things his son did to you, so I can find a reason to dismiss the idea,” Christina stated clearly.</p>

      <p>“I don’t believe the daughter is at fault, but I’d be grateful if you did so.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. He should back down if I tell him you weren’t interested when I brought up the topic of marriage. However, Duke Huguenot isn’t the type to give up quietly. I can easily imagine him waiting for another chance to pressure you into a betrothal.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>“Also, regardless of rewards, you may find yourself receiving more marriage offers. While I’d love to be able to suppress them all for you, I’m afraid my current influence won’t be sufficient for that... And so, I was hoping to prepare an excuse you can use to hold the nobles at bay. Perhaps we could discuss that in further detail now.”</p>

      <p>“What kind of excuse would be effective, specifically?”</p>

      <p>“To be absolutely blunt, the most effective way to block all mention of marriage is to have another marriage lined up,” Christina said with a pained look.</p>

      <p>“It certainly makes logical sense,” Rio agreed with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“For example, if you’ve already decided upon a first wife, anyone aiming for that position will naturally eliminate themselves. Although that wouldn’t have an effect on anyone who doesn’t care about positions.”</p>

      <p>“If I may ask... Will it be expected of me to have multiple wives like the nobility?”</p>

      <p>“It’s common for high-ranking nobles to have multiple wives. Your position as a noble is extremely unique, but considering your achievements, I believe many will want you to do the same,” Christina speculated in response to Rio’s troubled question.</p>

      <p>“They’ll want me to do so... But will it still be possible for me to remain faithful to one wife if I so desire?” Rio asked, inquiring if the opposite interpretation of what she said would apply.</p>

      <p>“Yes. The greatest reason why noble families have multiple wives is to keep the key positions they manage within their own bloodline. Those who don’t mind leaving important positions to branch families or trusted retainers marry only once, but they’re in the minority. It’s common for multiple wives to be demanded of them later, and they end up unable to refuse...” Christina explained regarding the polygamy system.</p>

      <p>The head house was where the head of the family shouldered the finances, while branch families were separate houses that made their living independently of the head house. Generally, branch families were created when nobles married wives who couldn’t give heirs to the family. In cases where one left the head house by marrying into another, no branch family was formed.</p>

      <p>There was also a polygamy system to make sure there would always be an heir to the family, but if one was willing to bring someone from the branch family in as an heir, then there was no need for multiple wives either. There weren’t many nobles willing to think this way, however.</p>

      <p>“I see... I’ve learned much today. Thank you very much,” Rio said to her in awe.</p>

      <p>“Based on this conversation, it sounds like you are opposed to having multiple wives?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, to be honest...” Rio nodded, fairly unenthusiastically.</p>

      <p>“Umm... I apologize for asking out of the blue, but is that because you have a specific person in mind already?”</p>

      <p>“A specific person, huh...? I wonder...”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, that was rude of me to ask. You don’t have to answer if you don’t want to,” Christina apologized quickly.</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not what I meant... I’m just unable to think about love and marriage at this time.” Rio looked troubled, contemplating for a long moment before revealing his thoughts with a frown. However, his tone wasn’t entirely negative. “But if I had a little... just a little bit more confidence in myself... I think I’d be able to consider things positively then.”</p>

      <p>He expressed his thoughts regarding marriage with a faint smile. He might have accomplished his revenge, but he wasn’t able to immediately switch over to the idea of marriage and happiness so easily. There was still a part of him that looked down on himself. But at the same time, he potentially felt a vague hopefulness too.</p>

      <p>Christina and Flora stared at Rio’s expression like they were being sucked into it.</p>

      <p>“I... see...” Christina replied awkwardly after a moment.</p>

      <p>“The mood’s become weird because of me. I’m sorry.” Rio bowed his head with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>Christina shook her head in a hurry. “No, I’m sorry for asking you something so improper.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Several hours later, the enchanted airship they were boarded on finally arrived at Rodania. Notice of Christina and Flora’s return had been sent in advance via another airship, so the harbor by Rodania’s lake was packed with the nobles of the Restoration.</p>

      <p>When Rio and Duke Huguenot disembarked with Christina and Flora, Marquess Rodan and the other nobles approached to express their joy over their safe return. Then, as they couldn’t just stand around to talk, they boarded a carriage to the fortress that was being used as the consulate.</p>

      <p><em>She doesn’t seem to be in the crowd... Aishia would’ve noticed my approach, so perhaps she’s in the middle of a class. It’s still bright, after all.</em></p>

      <p>Rio swept his gaze across the crowd from inside the horse carriage, but he couldn’t see Celia anywhere. Just as he considered that, a telepathic message from Aishia arrived.</p>

      <p><em>Welcome back, Haruto.</em></p>

      <p><em>Hi, Aishia. </em>Rio smiled reflexively as he replied in his head. The sound of Aishia’s voice was very reassuring for some reason.</p>

      <p><em>Celia’s in the middle of class. She really wants to see you and the princesses, but she couldn’t cancel the lecture. She’s very frustrated.</em></p>

      <p><em>Aha ha, I see. We’re heading for the consulate right now, and we’ll be waiting for her to finish class.</em></p>

      <p>Celia’s lectures were also held in the consulate, so it was perfect.</p>

      <p><em>Got it. I’ll let Celia know.</em></p>

      <p><em>Let’s exchange some information while we’re waiting,</em> Rio proposed as he rode in the extravagant carriage with Christina, Flora, Duke Huguenot, and Marquess Rodan.</p>

      <p><em>Sure. A few incidents occurred in Rodania while you were gone. I’ll tell you about them.</em></p>

      <p><em>That’s exactly what I was going to ask about. When I was in the Galarc Kingdom, I heard that Professor Celia spotted Reiss in Rodania.</em></p>

      <p><em>She didn’t report every detail to the Restoration. I’ll explain what happened.</em></p>

      <p><em>Please, </em>Rio replied with a grim look.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter, Sir Amakawa?”</p>

      <p>Across from Rio’s seat, Christina noticed the change in his expression. She looked at him with worry.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s nothing.” Rio brushed her off with a smile and listened to Aishia’s report.</p>

      <p><em>Tell me the details while we’re moving.</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>