<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 16</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue: Reunion</h1>

      <p>Rio arrived at the Galarc Castle with Christina and Flora. Using his position as Honorary Knight, he smoothly bypassed all the necessary procedures to be shown to King Francois in a drawing room, its use restricted to royalty.</p>

      <p>Apart from Rio, Christina, and Flora, those present in the room were Satsuki, Second Princess Charlotte, and everyone who attended the earlier marriage interview (Liselotte and her parents, Duke and Duchess Cretia; King Francois; and Duke Huguenot, Roanna, and Hiroaki, the representatives from the Restoration).</p>

      <p>Incidentally, the first to come running after Rio brought Christina and Flora to the castle were Roanna and Duke Huguenot. Hiroaki hadn’t moved as quickly, in contrast to them, and had joined up with them belatedly before they all made their way to this room.</p>

      <p>Once everyone seated themselves, King Francois turned to Rio with a near exasperated look. “You truly exceed my expectations, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>The others in the room all had similar expressions.</p>

      <p>“I sincerely apologize for creating a commotion...” Rio replied with a look of shame.</p>

      <p>“It’s a compliment. You’ve surpassed my expectations so much that the first feeling that comes to me about you is astonishment,” Francois said with a cheery grin.</p>

      <p>“It is exactly as I said before, no? I was certain that Sir Haruto would add to his list of distinguished services before long,” Charlotte said proudly, a look of delight spreading across her whole face.</p>

      <p>Francois chuckled in response. “I was surprised back when I heard you returned from the airship with Lady Miharu by flight, but this incident has surpassed that. At any rate, it is wonderful news for both the Restoration and the Galarc Kingdom that Princess Christina and Princess Flora are alive. I should have prioritized my commendation before my surprise. Well done. This is truly a tremendous feat.”</p>

      <p>As he thanked Rio, Francois directed his gaze towards Christina and Flora, who were seated to Rio’s right, before moving on to look at the section of the drawing room occupied by the representatives of the Restoration—Duke Huguenot, Roanna, and Hiroaki—in turn.</p>

      <p>“The Restoration is extremely thankful for Haruto’s deeds as well.” Duke Huguenot bowed his head deeply and briefly expressed his strong feelings of gratitude. He must have been truly relieved, letting out an audible sigh.</p>

      <p>“I’m so glad you’re safe. Truly... so glad...” Roanna had tears in her eyes as she looked at Christina and Flora. Seated beside her was Hiroaki, who congratulated the two on their survival, albeit in a slightly sullen voice.</p>

      <p>“It’s great that you’re alive.”</p>

      <p>His biggest crush had just rejected him, so his mind was in a complicated state. Liselotte was also in the room, but he seemed to be intentionally keeping her out of his field of vision. However, the fact he had returned to the room at all meant he felt either curiosity or concern about what happened to Christina and Flora.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for worrying about us. We were able to return safely thanks to Sir Haruto, as you can see,” Flora replied to Hiroaki and the rest of the Restoration with a gentle expression.</p>

      <p>When Haruto’s name came up, Hiroaki snorted with an annoyed look.</p>

      <p>“Please tell us what happened, from the beginning to the end. How did you two go missing in the first place? How did Haruto get involved in all this?” Francois asked, looking at Rio and the princesses.</p>

      <p>Christina exchanged a look with Rio and sighed heavily. “Based on what you’re saying, it sounds like the message from Rubia didn’t arrive after all.”</p>

      <p>Francois looked puzzled. “What...?”</p>

      <p>“I will explain everything that happened to Flora and myself. It’ll be a long story, so please let me finish speaking before asking any questions.”</p>

      <p>With that preamble, Christina began to explain what happened.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>