<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Tarisa Warinai here. It’s a pleasure to meet you.</p>

      <p>Volume 1 of <em>Dungeon Dive</em> has made it to physical-book publication. This will be my first ever afterword, so I won’t veer too far from the work you’re reading.</p>

      <p><em>Dungeon Dive: Aim for the Deepest Level.</em> It’s very orthodox<em> </em>isekai fare, and I think I managed to put together an adventure that’s in line with that title (albeit just barely). Using the “boy summoned to another world” and video gamey dungeon elements, I feel like seeing how much of an adventure I can make for myself alongside the protagonist of my series.</p>

      <p>Just what tribulations will befall young Kanami as the price he must pay for clearing the challenges ahead of him? I think there are readers who already know. This series debuted on the internet and has been serialized since 2012. As of my writing this afterword, <em>Dungeon Dive</em> is over a million characters in length. But since it’s now being compiled in novel format, I’d like for Kanami to face trials that can only be realized in book form. He’s a strong protagonist, so I’m sure you know he’ll overcome every hardship and ordeal no matter what they may be.</p>

      <p>Now, as for the process of spinning this tale, it’s simple. My driving thought is: “Let’s dungeon dive alongside some heroines!” It is <em>not</em> “Let’s dungeon dive to get away from the heroines!” Nor is it “Let’s pick on Kanami using the heroines!” It’s “Let’s dungeon dive alongside some heroines!” That’s the hope, anyway.</p>

      <p>Therefore, I can’t deny that the girl characters slightly outnumber the guys. Needless to say, the heroine of volume 1 is Dia. In addition, the girls named Lastiara and Maria are also treated as heroines in this story. They lay fairly low in volume 1, but they’ll play a very active part starting in the next volume. Plus, other heroines are waiting in the wings as well.</p>

      <p>All that said, as this is a novelization of a web series, the character introductions need a special flair to them. To a certain extent, the list of characters has been set in stone, so I can now give them introductions without mincing words.</p>

      <p>Over on the internet side of things, Snow and Lowen are strangely popular. I’d like you book-readers to experience those two sooner rather than later.</p>

      <p>Next, the title of this series. In truth, I had a different title in store, one that isn’t <em>Dungeon Dive: Aim for the Deepest Level</em>. This title was a provisional one that I came up with so that web readers would find it easy to read. But I lost sight of the timing of when to change the title, so it ended up in book form without the title changing. Since I figured there were more readers among those who read my story submissions on the internet who would become restless if the title were different than readers who wouldn’t, I ended up making the book version <em>Dungeon Dive: Aim for the Deepest Level</em> as well. If I made use of cool English letters and katakana for the title <em>now</em>, the only one it’d please would be me. Regrettably, the “true” title I laid out will remain in the dark.</p>

      <p>That being said, I think you can figure out what sort of title it would have been if you check out another work that Tarisa Warinai submitted on the internet. As there are tendencies to all things, you’d probably be able to tell, however faintly, “oh, since it’s them we’re talking about, they’d go with that kind of title.” I can see it too. And it makes me think from the bottom of my heart: <em>Phew, that was close.</em></p>

      <p>I’m glad I didn’t change it. That was, really, really too close for comfort. For real, though. There’s nothing more dangerous than choosing a title while driven purely by enthusiasm and vibes. I’m sure you’ll agree <em>Dungeon Dive: Aim for the Deepest Level</em> is the best title.</p>

      <p>This does, however, have one drawback. This title is difficult to abbreviate in a way that sounds good in Japanese. Whenever I say the title out loud, I say the full title (<em>isekai meikyuu no saishinbu wo mezasou</em>, lit. “let’s aim for the deepest level of the otherworld dungeon”) even though I often end up fumbling over it. I’m still on the lookout for a good pet name for the series.</p>

      <p>As long as we’re talking about the series, let’s talk about the alterations made to the web version for the book version. First, allow me to apologize. The alias the protagonist uses has changed. Just from that one point, one might call it a different work altogether. That being said, I just couldn’t keep the alias he uses in the web version (T/N: “Christ Eurasia”), so for the book version, he’s “Sieg.” His real name (Aikawa Kanami) hasn’t changed, but readers who know and love the web version may feel somewhat put off. Again, I apologize profusely.</p>

      <p>There are, however, lots of changes that are objectively for the better as well. Whether it’s correcting typos or keeping inconsistencies with the numbers in check, it’s become a lot easier to read (I’m sure it must have!). Compared to the web version, a great deal is different—so much so that I was taken aback. My editors and proofreaders have done an impeccable job.</p>

      <p>Content-wise, there were also added events and changes to the configuration. I myself am looking forward to how things will be reborn from here on out.</p>

      <p>Finally, a word of thanks. I received help from a lot of people up to this point. I could never have made it this far on my own.</p>

      <p>This work was originally a web novel and has been adapted to physical books. As such, allow me to express my gratitude to those readers who provided support and advice online. Also, I thank S-san, the editor who steered the series to publication, and Ukai-san for drawing the illustrations.</p>

      <p>Lastly, I of course thank you for picking up this book, and those of you who took the time to read through this sorry excuse for an afterword as well.</p>

      <p>Till we meet again.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>