<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Dia’s Adventure</h2>

      <p>I finally made it there.</p>

      <p>Luckily, I managed to find it within my lifetime. A colossal urban area stretching across the horizon.</p>

      <p>This stage, this <em>setting</em>, was the stuff of dreams for me—it was the world of the hero tales I’d read as a kid. The group of allied nations surrounding the Dungeon. It was said that this was the locale where unrealized dreams could come true. Giddy, my head went light, but I psyched myself up and walked into town.</p>

      <p>The Dungeon Alliance was made up of five countries, and the one that I’d just entered was called Vart. In all honesty, I was fine with any of them besides Whoseyards. I vowed I’d hack it as a diver, and to do that, I needed to first get myself some food and water.</p>

      <p>I’d been tricked by traders and hadn’t eaten anything in a long time. At this rate, I’d become a shriveled husk, so I decided to head for the money changer’s joint in town to sell off what I had on me. I converted all of the decorative accessories I’d been given as “the Apostle,” from my necklace to my bangles to everything in between. Looking back, those traders might have targeted me because I’d been wearing that kind of stuff. I thoroughly dumped all of my pointless bells and whistles so no trace of my having been their precious Apostle remained.</p>

      <p>Then the kindly money changer pointed at the blade at my waist and asked, “You not gonna sell that sword of yours? It’d make ya a mint, don’t ya know?”</p>

      <p>It was the one thing I’d kept. In all likelihood, selling it would’ve left me nice and set for several months. It was doubtless an item of that caliber. Yet, I shook my head, as this was my sole possession that was unrelated to the Apostle. The Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan was thoroughly weathered and unhoned, but an old man had given it to me after learning of my dream.</p>

      <p>I remembered it like it was yesterday. After all, it was the first time I’d been run quite that ragged and the first time I’d been dressed down quite that scathingly. I’d been visiting the aristocratic households for my Apostolic duties. Upon looking at the noble-knights training with envy in my eyes, I heard an old man with pure white hair call out to me.</p>

      <p>“Hey there, little lady. Ya wanna try swingin’ a sword?”</p>

      <p>I nodded...only for the results to be woeful. Worn out, I collapsed onto the training range floor, and the old man looked astonished.</p>

      <p>“Hrmm...can’t say I’ve ever trained somebody this talentless. Not even I can do anything with what you’re giving me,” he said, indifferent to my being Apostlekin.</p>

      <p>Part of me was happy, though. I felt like, at long last, somebody was seeing me not as the Apostle, but as just another person. Which is why I asked him what I asked him. I had a feeling he’d hit me with the unvarnished truth.</p>

      <p>“Am I really that bad with the blade?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. I’d give up hope if I were you. Fighting monsters using a sword, in particular, is beyond ya.”</p>

      <p>“But sir, if only once, I’d like to try my hand at fighting with a sword...”</p>

      <p>He sighed. “Nothing for it, huh? Guess we’ll make up for what ya lack with a quality blade. Here, take it. It’s a damn fine one, and now it’s yours. Wielding that beaut, the blade oughta pierce monster skin despite your piss-poor sword skills.”</p>

      <p>With that, the old man tossed me the blade he’d been holding. It was a beautiful sword sporting a family crest. One could tell it was top-notch at a glance.</p>

      <p>“Wait, sir, are you sure it’s okay? You have so many other students...”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, I don’t give my students spit. If I gave any of ’em a sword like <em>that</em>, they’d get the wrong idea, see. But you, you’re so lousy that you couldn’t possibly get the wrong idea. It’s perfect for ya, Sithy.”</p>

      <p>“If that’s your reason, then I almost don’t want to take it...”</p>

      <p>“Just accept it already. If ya don’t use a sword of that level, then you won’t be able to dream o’ so much as gettin’ the wrong idea.”</p>

      <p>“But sir...”</p>

      <p>The old man all but thrust the sword into my hands. “Look, my position forbids me from giving ya much of a hand, so don’t say nothin’. Let me at least help ya out with this wee little dream o’ yours.”</p>

      <p>I hadn’t said a word about it, and yet the old man had gathered that I wanted to be a swordfighter, not some Apostle. Maybe something about my swordsmanship had intimated that.</p>

      <p>“That bein’ said,” he muttered, “I’m hopin’ that sword finds its way into the hands of somebody who <em>can</em> help ya.”</p>

      <p>He was essentially stating I’d never be able to make full use of the blade, and while my dissatisfaction was considerable, I understood he’d said it with more than a little concern for me. And he was, as far as I could tell, the only person in the whole wide world who was rooting for me to realize my dream.</p>

      <p>That was why I couldn’t possibly sell his sword. Not until either my dream was down for the count or that “somebody” appeared. So I sold only my accessories and exited the store, spending the money on meals and the stuff I needed for Dungeon diving. I’d finally made the minimum preparations, and this place was the proper starting line from which I’d chase my dreams. After so long, my journey of self-actualization was beginning to unfold. I was no longer the Apostle Sith. I was the Dungeon diver Dia.</p>

      <p>And so began the tale of my adventures...</p>

      <h2>Aim for the Top of the Academy</h2>

      <p>I awakened in a dark corridor and paced to and fro, walking, pacing around. I don’t remember where or how much I walked. In the midst of it all, I lost my sense of time. In the end, after I was poisoned, I couldn’t find a single person to help. Confused and frightened by my ever-dropping HP, I relinquished my consciousness while in the grips of quivering despair.</p>

      <p>And then... And then, I was found.</p>

      <p>My fate changed drastically. I got my start not in a nation called Whoseyards or Vart, but in Eltraliew. With that alteration alone, my path veered immensely. This is the tale of the life I chose, revolving not around diving or mastering the Dungeon, but a life of study.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>I was at the largest academy on the landmass, crossing swords with a blonde-haired knight at the center of a combat arena on the premises. I could catch glimpses here and there of the young students spectating from the surrounding stands—probably there to witness the “cocky newbie” they were sure would crumple into an unsightly heap on the floor. It was easy to tell from the scorn in their eyes.</p>

      <p>Cheered on by the crowd, the proud blond knight swung his blade, his breathing labored, while I, in contrast, was cool and collected. I dodged his furious sword strokes with so much leeway that I was pondering to myself as I did it. It wasn’t my opponent I was thinking about either. All that was on my mind at that moment was the vast and voluminous debt I owed.</p>

      <p>For the money I owed was the greatest challenge, the most towering barrier I faced. To me, my true enemy was my <em>debt</em>. It increased every day through interest, and it was starting to reach the level no ordinary person could ever repay. On the day I was found, the day I knew that would be my lot, I tried fleeing to another nation despite my gratitude for having been saved. But my escape attempt failed. The teachers of the academy encircled me, and the headmaster of Eltraliew Academy threatened me thus: “Hmm. If you wish to flee, then I reckon I’ll have you pay the cost of your medical treatment first. And also, if you don’t enroll, you’ll be tried for the crime of trespassing on school grounds. If you resist, you’ll have to face all of the teachers here. What say you, I wonder?”</p>

      <p>Loath as I was to do it, I could only nod. I caved, compelled to sign the enrollment documents even as I clenched my fists with rage. From that day forward, my name was Kanami Eltraliew. That was the result of a bafflingly stupid grift—one couldn’t read the contract all the way to the end without focusing magic power into their eyes.</p>

      <p>Under duress, I was made an adopted child of the headmaster and banned from leaving the country. And so began my days of being resented by highborn students who envied me for reasons I didn’t really understand.</p>

      <p>I latched onto a means of generating money, since I thought that if my debt disappeared, I could make my escape. Clearing my debts was a necessary step towards returning to my home world. Yet there was no way I could speedily or easily accumulate funds in a world whose ways eluded me. It was doubtful I could even eke out a day-to-day existence, let alone immediately construct a repayment scheme. That was where that stinking imp of a headmaster wedged himself in.</p>

      <p>“Oho. No money? Then I’ll conduct academy duels, I will. If you achieve a top ranking in the Elt-Order, I’ll do you one better than giving you a no-interest loan. I’ll provide for you. It’ll be ‘money awarded,’ so to speak.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, if I dueled my fellow students, my rank could increase, and I’d earn more depending on that rank. That was what I was told.</p>

      <p>“That sounds like an awfully convenient system for me.”</p>

      <p>“I bet it does. I just invented it a minute ago for your sake,” the headmaster replied brazenly. “If I do things this way, you’ll strive your hardest for me, won’t you? Lately, the academy’s stagnated and all the fun in it’s gone. What say you do me a favor and light a fire under the slacker noble kids?”</p>

      <p>I angrily responded that I didn’t have that kind of time, patiently explaining to him that before anything else, I had to return to my world, and that in order to accomplish it, I needed to set my sights on the Dungeon’s deepest floor.</p>

      <p>The headmaster’s expression turned nasty. “This is a deal, sonny boy. If you stand at the top of the Elt-Order and fully repay your debt, I’ll deign to assist you in effecting your return to your world.”</p>

      <p>To be honest, it was an enticing proposition. Much as it annoyed me, the fact remained that the academy-nation of Eltraliew hosted the most advanced magic tech in this world. And if the headmaster, the apex of that realm, lent me his aid, I might come upon a way to return to my world without needing to reach the deepest depths of the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>“I don’t lie and I’m not starting now,” said the headmaster. “You have my word, on the honor of the Eltraliew name.”</p>

      <p>A pledge and a contract were crafted, and so I came to have to participate in these lame “Elt-Order” battles in the arena, fighting duels I wanted no part in. Luckily, I had no shortage of opponents to mow down. There were plenty of noble students who had it in for the boy to whom the Academy showed such favoritism.</p>

      <p>The duel was decided in no time. My opponent, a Level 4 knight, was ranked 1,332.</p>

      <p>That knight was the blond kid with whom I was currently crossing blades. His name was Elk. It’d be understandable to assume someone who was Level 4 would be four times as strong as me, still at Level 1. In all honesty, I took on the duel not minding if I was defeated. My real goal for accepting today’s contest so readily was to get a feel for it. It struck me as odd just how much I was dominating the match. It was so easy my mind went back to my money troubles even as I fought.</p>

      <p>“Quit weaving around!” good sir Elk barked. “Damn transfer student!”</p>

      <p>My recent experience teetering on death’s doorstep at the Dungeon was proving handy. Unfazed by his vehemence and unafraid of the dull-bladed sword, I kept dodging his attacks at the last moment. This wasn’t thanks to my own battle prowess. Rather, it was thanks almost entirely to my dimensional magic and menu-sight. Reading others’ status menus clued me into their strengths ahead of time, and my being able to grasp my enemy’s moments through <em>Dimension</em> was basically cheating. By making full use of those abilities, I could defy whatever my opponent was thinking and outplay them. I pretended I was leaving myself wide open and invited a sweeping blow, only to evade it by a hair and get in close. That was all it took for me to take the flower on my opponent’s chest, thereby securing victory.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Wha, how?!” stammered Mister Elk, who clearly had no clue what had just happened.</p>

      <p>“I won,” I murmured, even more amazed than he was.</p>

      <p>I walked away from him, wondering how much money this would net me. I took out the document the headmaster had given me—a document whose title was really taking the piss (“The Prize Money List for Sonny Dearest”). According to it, if I beat a fighter who ranked in the 1000s, I was owed one piece of silver. That was roughly enough to cover my meals for a handful of days. I went to the headmaster’s office to put out feelers about payment, only to be told I’d be remunerated right away, which gave me a tiny bit more peace of mind. After all, I hadn’t eaten a proper meal in days. I’d been thrown into school life with nary a thing to my name; to me, a single silver coin was a small fortune.</p>

      <p>“I... I can? Then...if I keep beating higher-ranked fighters, then...!”</p>

      <p>There was a section within the List containing names that came with particularly large prizes. At the top of that section was a person who, if defeated, would clear all my debts in one go.</p>

      <p>“Let’s see here. Ranked as ‘beyond rank,’ alias ‘Azure Fury.’ The dragonewt Snow Walker, huh? Going by an alias like that, they seem scary as hell. That said, if I can beat this person, I won’t have to worry about money anymore.”</p>

      <p>And so my mind rushed ahead to the big fish I had yet to encounter. I’d said I would take on the Elt-Order challenge, but I had no intention of spending too much time on it. If I was going to do this, I’d blitz from Point A to Point B as fast as I could. I resolved to get strong quick. Strong enough to beat this “Snow Walker.”</p>

      <p>“Hey! Transfer student! I demand a rematch! Like I’d accept this as valid! Forget dropping the flower; whoever’s disarmed loses!”</p>

      <p>I could hear that noble yawping at me, but I was too absorbed in the List. If I beat someone a second time, it got me no more money than before. I was determined to get back to my world with all speed; a rematch was out of the question. I ignored the riled-up crowd and my annoying “social better” and set my goal: one month. Lessons, communicating with other students, all of it would take a back seat. I was going to escape this sty of an academy and return to my world, for my sister’s sake as well as my own, no matter what!</p>

      <p>And so began the tale of how I laid waste to the Elt-Order. A divergent tale, an anomalous path opened so that I may go back to my world.</p>

      <h2>Lastiara’s Prologue</h2>

      <p>“...Mr. Hine. Before the end...”</p>

      <p>I could tell. I knew it wouldn’t be long now. That much was obvious. Which was why I—Lastiara Whoseyards—told my instructor, “Before the end, I want to see the outside.”</p>

      <p>It was the first time I’d uttered something so willful.</p>

      <p>In a room within a cathedral located in Whoseyards’s ninth district, a chamber that only the particularly high-ranking were allowed to enter, I gazed out the window. All I could see was the garden within the cathedral’s premises. Since the garden was surrounded by tall trees, I couldn’t even glimpse Whoseyards’s townscape.</p>

      <p>As I made my chair (which was so expensive you could sell it for a house) rattle and clack, I let spill what I really thought. Upon hearing me lay it bare, Hine stood there, mouth agape. I didn’t know if he was unhappy with me or simply astonished. I regretted saying it almost immediately.</p>

      <p>But Hine didn’t disregard my request. “I’ll talk it over with my superiors. Please give me some time, milady,” he replied earnestly after mulling it over. Then he stepped quickly out of the room, leaping straight into action.</p>

      <p>I’d thought he’d yell at me. <em>“What foolish prattle is this?”</em> I’d planned to resign myself, to give up. Yet Hine hadn’t voiced any dissatisfaction whatsoever. Instead, he was trying to bring my wishes to fruition.</p>

      <p>It was odd. The Hine I knew—no, the Whoseyards I knew—would never grant me any freedom. The priests of the cathedral disliked instability. There was no way they’d allow something that might hinder the plan, not after coming this far. The roiling in my heart right now? Never in a million years would they tolerate it. As such, I waited for Hine’s return without getting my hopes up. It was futile. I was sure Hine didn’t even intend to actually advocate for me. In all likelihood, he’d just gone to report to the top for clerical reasons—I’d filed a request, so to speak. No doubt that was all there was to it. When Hine came back, he’d tell me, <em>“I fielded it with them, but sure enough, it’s no use. I’m terribly sorry, milady.”</em></p>

      <p>I could tell. I knew the end was approaching. That much was obvious.</p>

      <p>I tamped down my silly hope and vacantly watched the sky. Time slowed to a crawl. I didn’t have much time left, yet that last remaining scrap of time spanned too long to bear. Just like always, I ate, studied, prayed, and slept, and all the while, time dragged at a languid pace. Dull, tedious time, devoid of stimulus. Nothing ever changed.</p>

      <p>I took an adventure tale that I quite liked from the bookshelf. I’d read all of the books on the shelf cover to cover. Sadly enough, I even had them memorized. At this point, the only form of enjoyment this prison of a room had left was Hine’s made-up stories.</p>

      <p>Time stretched and stretched like flattening dough. Until, finally, Hine returned.</p>

      <p><em>I know</em>, I kept repeating inwardly. <em>I know</em>.<em> It was pointless to—</em></p>

      <p>“Milady, let’s go.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Huh?” For a moment, I didn’t even understand what he’d said. Pleasant chills crept up my spine.</p>

      <p>“We’ve received permission. Let’s go outside.”</p>

      <p>“Is... Is it really true, Mr. Hine?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, it is—it’s the end of the line, after all. Let’s go wherever you’d like, milady.”</p>

      <p>With a cheerful smile, Hine threw open the chamber’s door, beckoning me outside.</p>

      <p>“Wherever I’d like?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, milady. Wherever you’d like.”</p>

      <p>My eyes turned to the adventure book in my hand. “Th-Then, may we go to the Dungeon?”</p>

      <p>“The central Dungeon, you say? Of course; that won’t be an issue. We will need to make all sorts of preparations: food, weapons, and a slew of small items necessary for Dungeon exploration as well.”</p>

      <p>“We really can?” I asked, my true self leaking out.</p>

      <p>“Yes, milady. So let’s go. Since this will mark the end,” he said, nodding and turning his face away.</p>

      <p>I saw how strained his expression became a split second before he averted his gaze. I had no idea what was happening anymore. It was all so unexpected that my brain couldn’t catch up.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go,” said Hine, leading me by the hand. “And let’s go see for ourselves.”</p>

      <p>The adventure book I so loved clattered to the floor. My heartbeat was racing. I could feel the dough of time compressing back into a ball. What had flowed so sluggishly was quickening, accelerating.</p>

      <p>And just like that, I exited the room and stepped outside, leaving behind the prison whose bars had seemed so solid, like it had been nothing.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>I was half-expecting my time on the outside to unfold like something out of a dream—like one of my adventure tales. But reality wasn’t so forthcoming.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need, milady. We’ll be the ones to prepare it.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, but if we’re going to the Dungeon, I need to gather all my tools...”</p>

      <p>“We could never burden you with carrying all our things, milady.”</p>

      <p>A pair of seasoned knights of the cathedral flanked me at all times, standing watch over what I did. They were higher-ranked than even Hine, who was the youngest to become one of the Seven Celestial Knights. Hine was strong, but he was also inexperienced, so he was relegated to watching quietly from the rear.</p>

      <p>“M-Mr. Hine?”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Milady, please follow the cathedral’s instructions.”</p>

      <p>Another pause. “Okay.”</p>

      <p>The support I’d sought from him didn’t come. Hine just shook his head a little. He’d helped me get outside, and I knew now that he couldn’t do anything beyond that. Out of other options, I asked the more seasoned knights a question.</p>

      <p>“Err, since we’re going to the Dungeon, might I invite other companions...”</p>

      <p>“Companions? Who would you invite?”</p>

      <p>“Well, uhh, I’d look in pubs or guilds...”</p>

      <p>“I must ask you not to do so. You have us.”</p>

      <p>Shot down. Without preparing for an adventure, and without real hardship, I couldn’t relish the thrill or the charm of it at all. Faced with a situation that differed from my favorite adventure tales, I felt time grow static again.</p>

      <p>“Then may I bring this?” I asked, showing them my trusty sword. I wasn’t giving up just yet. I used the sword whenever I indulged in quiet playtime, and it was one of the items on my <em>person</em>.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, you mean the holy relic?”</p>

      <p>“I-It’s for self-defense. This celestial sword is perfect for me, is it not?”</p>

      <p>“We’re here to defend you, and we’ll do so flawlessly. That won’t be necessary.”</p>

      <p>Even my sword was a no-go. The hope I’d obtained was losing its luster fast, and my cheer was crumbling. This was no adventure. I obeyed the knights with a sigh.</p>

      <p>Later, even when we entered the Dungeon that I’d yearned for, my spirits weren’t lifted. And it was little wonder—any time I tried to do the slightest thing, the knights interjected.</p>

      <p>“Please fall back, milady.”</p>

      <p>“You mustn’t touch that, milady.”</p>

      <p>“I apologize, milady, but we cannot speak.”</p>

      <p>So I couldn’t fight, I couldn’t approach or touch anything, and I couldn’t so much as have a chat. <em>Well then...if that’s the case...THEN WHAT’S THE BLOODY POINT?!</em></p>

      <p>To be frank, my irritation was reaching its limits. Boredom was causing time to stretch again. This was just torture. I’d have rather stayed in that room at this rate.</p>

      <p>My displeasure was writ on my face, my grimace becoming deeper. My ever-increasing stockpile of frustration was threatening to explode, until...</p>

      <p>“Hey, you. You over there, hiding. Show yourself.”</p>

      <p>My golden eyes spotted him. The boy. I peeked at his stats, and their unusualness had my heart racing again. “Wait, huh?”</p>

      <p>Once more, I felt chills on my spine—the good kind. Time stopped dilating, crunching down as my world sped back up. I was elated; I could feel my mood lifting.</p>

      <p>The boy before my eyes was the protagonist of an adventure story. His stats told me so, for these were the stats of someone the world was partial to. And yet his current sorry state ran counter to all those tremendous talents. <em>His aptitude stat exceeds mine, yet he’s still just Level 1!</em></p>

      <p>I grinned. I myself wasn’t unaware of how my previously gloomy expression was growing brighter. I could all but hear the bolt from the heavens as the shell that had encased me shattered. That proverbial peal of thunder was a sign. A blank-shooting firearm salute informing me that my story had begun at last.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t the end for me. For my story. Not yet. There was still more to go...</p>

      <h2>Maria’s Past</h2>

      <p>The war burned down my hometown, and when I reflected on that fact, my body trembled with remorse.</p>

      <p>You heard right. Not sadness. <em>Remorse</em>. It was <em>remorse </em>that filled my heart.</p>

      <p>If it had burned down due to some outrageous injustice I had nothing to do with, I could get by simply cursing my misfortune, much like my fellow slaves sobbing right next to me. But things were different for me. In my case, it wasn’t bad luck but the consequences of my choices that had ushered in this state of affairs. As such, I had no right to curse my fate or to cry.</p>

      <p>Maybe that was why, despite all my trembling, my hand moved smoothly when I caressed the head of a girl around my age who was weeping next to me. The girl, however, wouldn’t stop crying. She just kept on weeping without a word, her tears a never-ending stream from her despair-steeped eyes. And who could blame her? This was a slave transport carriage.</p>

      <p>The carriage was crammed with slaves of many races, young and old, male and female. Including me, almost everybody here had lost their hometown. Robbed of their freedom, left without hope. They were living sacrifices who existed to enrich the already rich. My tender caress meant nothing in the face of that reality.</p>

      <p>Words spilled from my mouth. “I’m sorry...”</p>

      <p>I needed to apologize, I thought, and not just because I couldn’t prevent a single one of the girl’s tears from rolling down her cheeks. There were more things I wanted to apologize for. And that apology was also meant for all of the people whose sorrow was caused by my eyes.</p>

      <p>In my hometown, a great many had died. First, it was my parents and older brother, then my friends in the village. Then the knights who’d come to save the village, and the enemy troops on the opposite side of the war. To a man, they’d been tossed into the pit of misfortune thanks to my meddling.　</p>

      <p>Naturally, I came to think of my becoming a slave as just deserts.</p>

      <p>The carriage trundled on, and in my heart, I repeated “this is what I deserve” again and again. I decided I’d refrain from <em>seeing</em> anything and live my life as a powerless slave. I averted my all-too-probing eyes from the girl beside me, gazing off into space instead.</p>

      <p>I watched the flapping of the cloth drooping over the carriage entrance. Figuring that I ought not to look at people anymore, I turned my attention to what little of the outside scenery I could make out through the gap in that cloth. It was good, clear weather without a cloud in the sky. I mused to myself how lovely the sky looked before shaking that thought and chiding myself that I didn’t have the right to soothe my soul by smelling the roses.</p>

      <p>I’d heard Vart was relatively rough in terms of public order, so I was surprised. The townscape was more peaceful than I’d been anticipating. It was certainly true that there were droves and droves of Dungeon divers here, but the vibe wasn’t imposing, and it didn’t make you feel small. In fact, it was brimming with life and energy. To tell the truth, it seemed to me like my hometown was the more dangerous and shady of the two places. If people were able to choose where they were born, I reckoned most anybody would pick Vart.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, if only I’d been born in this country, then maybe I’d be leading a blissful life with my family right now...</em></p>

      <p>I continued taking in the view of the town passing by as my head entertained such meaningless what-ifs.</p>

      <p>There was a shop that looked like it was for Dungeon divers. Then there were buildings that were trendier and more chic than I was used to, growing up in the countryside. The folk walking about town wore cheerful expressions, quite unlike the faces within the carriage. There were a lot of people ambling here and there. Children were laughing boisterously, while grown-ups were telling them off for it. I saw divers and merchants, men and women, and amidst it all, my eyes picked up on something that made me uncomfortable.</p>

      <p>It was a boy with black hair and empty black eyes, and he looked a bit older than me. My heart skipped a beat, but soon the view from inside the carriage shifted away, and I lost sight of him.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know why, but I could sense something had changed. I knew from past experience that, once again, my eyes had set fate churning.</p>

      <p>There were rational explanations. I could chalk it up to seeing someone with black eyes and black hair, the same as me and my clan. The combination was rare, sure, but it did exist outside my family. In the melting pot that was the Dungeon Alliance, it couldn’t be that unheard of. It wasn’t really something to worry about. That was what I told myself anyway.</p>

      <p>I stopped looking outside, crouching to the floor and screwing my eyes shut. <em>All I can do is suffer a life of despair and await my eventual end. How could that fate change?</em></p>

      <p>I screwed my eyes tighter still, willing it all away. I figured I had no other choice. <em>There’s no need to change anything,</em> I screamed internally.</p>

      <p>So I kept my eyes shut, so as not to see anything.</p>

      <p>I’d keep them shut the whole time until the carriage came to a halt. After all, if I didn’t, then...</p>

      <p>Then it’d...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Fate doesn’t change.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I crossed paths, for good or for ill, with a black-haired, black-eyed boy. I’d gotten lost within the slave trading house I’d been taken to, having been separated from our handler because I’d fearfully had my eyes closed, refusing to acknowledge the outside world.</p>

      <p>And when we crossed paths, my heart skipped a beat again. My eyes were screaming at me: <em>It’s him. It’s nobody else but him!</em></p>

      <p>That was how I got drawn in, and I opened my eyes and took a look at the boy. I could hear the sharp whir of the wheel of destiny, of my fate unfurling. And for the first time in a long while, words that weren’t an apology slipped through my lips.</p>

      <p>“I’m Maria. My name is Maria,” I said, introducing myself despite my feeble voice.</p>

      <p>“I’m Sieg.”</p>

      <p>The instant I heard that voice, the sense hit me—the dawn was finally breaking my long night. It felt like a ray of light cast on a world that had been dark for ages and ages. And so, foolishly, I embraced a newfound hope.</p>

      <p>Yes—from that point onward, I began harboring not remorse but hope. That was the juncture where I averted these eyes of mine from the past and took my heels towards the future.</p>

      <p>This is the story of one Maria, full of sin, full of greed. At that moment, the bell was ringing on the resumption of my tale.</p>

      <h2>At the Pub</h2>

      <p>Early one morning, right after sun-up, at a pub that was still nearly empty, two men were facing each other, seated at a table.</p>

      <p>Both of them sported lots of old scars, which told me they were seasoned warriors, and they were conversing with a pointed look in their eyes. If a customer who wasn’t in the know were to enter now, there could be little doubt that that roaring ardor rolling off these two would compel them to turn and walk right back out.</p>

      <p>“So tell me, pops,” said one of the men, the swordsman Krowe, “who or what <em>is</em> that kid?”</p>

      <p>“He came to me,” replied the other man, the pub’s proprietor. “I stumbled on him.”</p>

      <p>Krowe shook his head. “Oh c’mon, none of that, please. Let’s not lie, pops. I’m askin’ ya for serious.”</p>

      <p>“Who’s lyin’? The putz before him up and quit, so I put up a poster out front. Then the kid took a nice long look at it and drifted right in,” he explained in one breath. as if this was wholly unexpected.</p>

      <p>“Wait, like, for real?” Upon realizing the man before his eyes was not, in fact, lying, the pointed look in the other man’s eyes softened.</p>

      <p>“Kid said he needed work ’cause he’s got no money. I sized him up, and he seemed capable enough to me, so I hired him then and there.”</p>

      <p>“So he legit came to you...” said Krowe, staring in wonder. “I totally thought you’d picked him up as some pity hire or something.”</p>

      <p>Today was a rare day in that the boy about whom they were speaking wasn’t there, so Krowe intended to get the lowdown on him, but he hadn’t expected an answer that cut-and-dry. It took the wind out of his sails, and he slumped in his chair.</p>

      <p>The manager chuckled. “What’s the matter? The newbie on your mind that much?”</p>

      <p>“I’m curious, okay? You tellin’ me you ain’t, pops?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, maybe a little.”</p>

      <p>“For one, I’ve got my doubts about the whole ‘drubbed on Floor 1’ story. With those eyes and those reflexes, that just ain’t happenin’,” said Krowe, launching into what he’d been meaning to get into. He’d prepared this line of conversation beforehand in order to corner the manager into spilling more.</p>

      <p>“But that’s what he told me,” the manager replied. “And I don’t doubt his word.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t get me wrong; I don’t think Sieg’s lyin’ either, exactly. I’ve got more of an eye for character than not. He really was shakin’ in his boots at the thought o’ Floor 1. Despite all his combat talents.”</p>

      <p>The name of the boy about whom they were talking was Sieg. He’d started working at the pub several days prior. According to him, he came from a backwater named Fania and had earned himself a nasty burn mark on Floor 1. Krowe had seen those burns with his own eyes, but that didn’t mean he’d swallowed Sieg’s story whole. The intuition he’d built up over his long years of Dungeon diving told him otherwise. That was why he’d come to inquire about the truth from Sieg’s boss.</p>

      <p>Yet the man just frowned. “I think he’s got a head for combat too. The way he handles a knife, it’s clear he ain’t average. But ya can’t say for sure he’s suited for Dungeon diving just based offa that, can ya?”</p>

      <p>Krowe had expected a counterargument to that effect. “It’s not just that, though. His grasp o’ the space around him ain’t normal either, and that skill’s necessary for diving. He remembers who’s sittin’ where, and no matter what anybody asks o’ him, he deals with it without gettin’ flustered. From day one, mind you! I had half a mind to think he was a veteran worker from a different pub.”</p>

      <p>“The newbie ain’t worked any other pubs, least not in Vart. I asked around.”</p>

      <p>“Gotta hand it to ya, pops, you settle business stuff fast. I knew it; Sieg’s that good without any experience.”</p>

      <p>“I’m usually in the kitchen, so I dunno exactly how he does his thing. He really that amazing?”</p>

      <p>“He’s more than just amazing. He’s downright abnormal.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” But the older man wasn’t surprised. On some level, he’d expected that of the boy. “So whaddya want from me? You tellin’ me to axe him?”</p>

      <p>“No, no, not at all. I got a question for ya, pops.” Krowe’s expression was dead serious. “Would ya mind if you left him to me?”</p>

      <p>The manager’s expression remained stern. “So in other words, ya want him in your Dungeon party, huh?”</p>

      <p>“I know that in the past, ya lost tons o’ companions to the Dungeon. I’m askin’ ya knowin’ that already. The lad was born to dive.”</p>

      <p>“But ain’t it almost time for the Brawl over in the west? I heard you’ll be throwin’ your hat in the ring too. Aren’t ya already too busy?”</p>

      <p>“I mean, yeah, I’ll have my work cut out for me, but...”</p>

      <p>As a last resort, the manager had brought up the Brawl in the western nation of Laoravia. Everybody in the Alliance who made a living fighting and diving knew about it. It was not only a place for those who boasted about their strength, but also the most prominent festival in all the land.</p>

      <p>“Krowe...the newbie can get by without needin’ to become a Dungeon diver. Just wait and see how things go for a little bit longer.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s how you feel about it, huh, pops?”</p>

      <p>With an expression that belied the way he phrased his request, Krowe’s body slumped fully into his chair and heaved a deep sigh. Quiet ruled the pub and the only two people in it.</p>

      <p>From outside the pub’s walls, the hustle and bustle of the streets of Vart were faintly audible. Then, a eureka expression came over Krowe’s face.“I’ve got an idea. How ’bout I invite ol’ Sieg to the Brawl? It’s a team competition this year, so it’s within the rules.”</p>

      <p>“Krowe...listen, I’m tellin’ ya, don’t drag him to adult arenas...”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, it’s hardly dangerous compared to diving. It’s governed by rules. Besides, we might even win the thing. And if we do, it’d serve as publicity for this pub. We’ll call it a pub that a Brawl winner’s partial to.”</p>

      <p>“Win? You and the newbie? Ha ha ha ha, now there’s a knee-slapper.”</p>

      <p>“Ya can’t know for sure what might happen!”</p>

      <p>“Guess you’re right. Nobody can say what’ll happen. Hypothetically, the newbie could stand at the top of everybody in all the lands. He might have that potential.”</p>

      <p>“Right? So put Sieg under my wing.”</p>

      <p>“That’s a different story altogether.”</p>

      <p>Gone was the tense air that had been there at the beginning, and a cheery, friendly conversation commenced.</p>

      <p>Krowe pouted childishly and clicked his tongue. He knew full well he was indulging in a fantasy, so he left the topic of the Brawl at that, and their somewhat acerbic back-and-forth came to a close as the pub reverted to its usual state.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Fate, however, was a checkered thing. Some weeks later, the manager would be forced to go see the Brawl, going as far as closing shop to do so. And he’d even have to apologize to Krowe, telling him in so many words that his eyes hadn’t steered him wrong.</p>

      <p>But that was a little later down the line. A story for another time...</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>