<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“With this, my wish is fulfilled. I knew it. You two were the ones to grant my desire. If you could keep this up and grant Alty’s—ah, I mean the fire girl from before. If you could grant her wiSh, fOr Me...”</p>

      <p>Little by little, all that was left of it—its head—also turned to liquid. As it gradually became unable to form a mouth, its voice turned huskier and throatier.</p>

      <p>“You’re seriously going to drag me into a death match and then ask me to do you a favor?” I replied. “That’s a bit much.”</p>

      <p>“Ha, hA Ha, you’re NoT wroNg.”</p>

      <p>Tida laughed. Contentedly, at that. It lifted its head, as though to look at some far-off horizon, and muttered to itself.</p>

      <p>“aHh, tHat WaS, so, fuN...”</p>

      <p>With those final words, Tida melted, and the pool of water turned to light before what had once been our enemy faded away. I relaxed my sword stance and watched it disappear.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Title unlocked: Scouring the Dark</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+0.50 to Mental Magic</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The textbox declared our victory. In Tida’s wake, a single black gem was left. I picked it up to get a good look.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【GUARDIAN’S MAGIC GEM】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>A crystal of the Guardian Tida’s magic energy.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>After verifying that the enemy had been annihilated and the item was safe, I ran over to the hyperventilating Dia. He was crouched low, just like the day I’d met him.</p>

      <p>My menu-sight told me that at least as far as HP was concerned, I had room to breathe. I doubted I might die at any minute. However, there were a number of pools of Dia’s blood inside the room. In fact, there was so much blood that it was a wonder he was still breathing. It was a safe bet I needed to take him to a hospital immediately.</p>

      <p>I placed my sword and other items into my inventory and picked Dia up. He was strangely light. I knew he was small, but this went beyond that. It almost felt like the blood he had lost had pulled everything else out from inside Dia.</p>

      <p>“S-Sieg... I’m sorry... I’m so sorry,” he muttered, apologizing over and over with varying levels of coherence. His breathing was labored, and his eyes were shut, but he still sensed that I was there with him.</p>

      <p>“Let’s get back home first. We don’t know what might happen.”</p>

      <p>I saw the black flames that had kept the room sealed had disappeared at some point. I was reminded of the boss that employed those flames, but then I realized fretfully that this was no time to be standing there musing.</p>

      <p>“Seems like we can zip right out of here, Dia. You can rest easy, so sleep.”</p>

      <p>Hearing that, Dia’s whole body relaxed, suddenly going limp. I got a fright, but I was relieved when I saw he was still breathing. I began going back down the Pathway, never letting my guard down until we reached the outside. I wasn’t doing too hot either, but if I lost consciousness here, all of our suffering would be for naught.</p>

      <p>Steadfast and determined, I walked the path made apparent by the gemstone lines, Dia muttering in delirium all the while. He murmured not just my name, but also the names of people and places I’d never heard of. Those words stuck to me like glue—that was how laden with emotion they were. Dia murmured them in apology, in envy, in bitterness.</p>

      <p>“I... I’m Dia... I’m...not Sith...”</p>

      <p>I held Dia’s trembling body tight in my arms, communicating to him through touch that the friend and ally who acknowledged him for who he was was right there with him.</p>

      <p>“Sieg... With Sieg around, I already...”</p>

      <p>Maybe it was my imagination, but I thought Dia’s expression softened, if only a little.</p>

      <p><em>I refuse to let you die,</em> I swore as I headed for the surface. If it was to ensure Dia’s safety as soon as possible, I’d trudge doggedly onward. And thus did Dia and I escape the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>We returned to the surface, having overcome the Vigesimal Trial that everyone in the Dungeon Alliance steered clear of.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>