<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: The Dungeon Alliance</h1>

      <p>I spent a few hours poring over the books and gathered quite a bit. Tomes touching on history told me the basics, and through some specialized treatises and more modern texts, I was able to get a general handle on people’s occupations and everyday livelihoods. Best of all, this was a library not far from the Dungeon, and the wealth of information it possessed on explorers and adventurers, and even the Dungeon itself, was massively helpful.</p>

      <p>Around sundown, I stopped reading and listened to the various things the staff were saying. While I’d been reading, people had asked the staff for directions from time to time, so I mimicked them and succeeded in accruing more info without arousing suspicion.</p>

      <p>Upon exiting the library, I followed the directions I was given and found my way to an establishment called a money changer’s store. I surreptitiously took my leather bag out of my inventory, only entering the store after slinging it around my waist. I couldn’t find any information on menu-sight or inventories at the library, so chances were high that only I had those abilities, which is why I thought it best to keep my powers hidden.</p>

      <p>The inside of the money changer’s store resembled what in my world was called an antique shop. Old items and junk littered the interior.</p>

      <p>I called out to a plump man who could only be the proprietor. “Excuse me. I don’t have much, but could you please give me some money for it?” I asked, starting our negotiations politely. At first, I thought I ought to haggle aggressively so I wouldn’t be taken for a ride, but I changed my mind. After all, while getting money was one of my objectives, I wanted more information too, if at all possible. So I took the less risky course of action.</p>

      <p>“Yep, sure thing. Show me what you’ve got,” he said, eager to do business.</p>

      <p>“Okay, sir.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【ITEMS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Jerky, Water Pack, Styptic, Oil, Stun Needle, Rasp, Blade of Oria, Leather Gloves, Leather Shoes, Cloth Garb, Wooden Bow, Steel Knife, Unbranded Arrow, Lighter, Smartphone, Pebble, Twig, 10th-Grade Magic Gem, 9th-Grade Magic Gem</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I pretended to pull the items out from my leather bag as opposed to midair, placing all of my 10th-Grade magic gems on the counter.</p>

      <p>“Ah, magic gems from the upper floors, eh? That’ll be a flat rate of a copper coin per.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. I’ll take them; thank you,” I replied immediately, partly because I didn’t really feel like haggling to begin with and because a flat rate didn’t sound so bad.</p>

      <p>“There ya go. Twelve pieces o’ copper. Got a certificate?”</p>

      <p>A pause. “No, sir.”</p>

      <p>“Then put your finger on that and print your print.”</p>

      <p>He caught me off guard with the certificate comment, but it seemed it wasn’t mandatory. <em>When in the history of Earth did they start using fingerprints?</em></p>

      <p>“Hit the Dungeon without a certificate, huh? You a foreigner?” he asked with an air of suspicion. He perhaps regarded my awkward manner as questionable.</p>

      <p>I responded as confidently as I could. “I am. I heard the rumors about the Dungeon and traveled here from a faraway nation.”</p>

      <p>“And you got this much on your first run? Not bad, kid. Where ya from?”</p>

      <p>Apparently, I’d done pretty well for myself on my “first run.” Not that I felt very proud—the vast majority of my loot was taken from dead bodies. But seeing as this conversation was going well, I decided to continue going with the flow. I picked a safe option from among the countries I had learned about in the library. My story would be that I hailed from a distant land, and an obscure, unimportant one at that. If I recalled correctly, there was just such a country by the name of Fania.</p>

      <p>“It’s very far away. Have you heard of a country named Fania?”</p>

      <p>“Fania, huh? Dunno much about Fania, but I know where it is on the map. Ya made quite the trek, didn’t ya? What’s it like over there?”</p>

      <p>I figured he must have had time on his hands because he wasn’t letting the matter drop. “There’s not really much of anything there. By the way, sir, do you have any recommendations for a place to stay the night?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, a place to stay? Whoseyards has public inns, but they’ll cost ya. In fact, there ain’t no place in Whoseyards that’s cheap!”</p>

      <p>“Is that so?” Evidently, Whoseyards was fairly expensive as countries go. I’d gotten an inkling of that from what those armed guards by the entrance of the Dungeon were saying.</p>

      <p>“From the looks of it, you picked one of the countries more or less at random,” he commented. “Whoseyards is the nicest-looking outta the lot, so folks who don’t know much about Alliance countries tend to come here first. It’s a safe and prosperous nation, but everything’s pricey as a result. They call it a knightly aristocracy for a reason, ya know.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>It was pure chance that I’d happened to find myself in Whoseyards. <em>Looks like the country’s got glaringly obvious pros </em>and<em> cons. Guess it’s a country for the rich, by the rich.</em></p>

      <p>“I’ll be blunt: if ya ain’t got deep pockets, exploring the Dungeon with Whoseyards as your base’ll be rough going. Those pieces o’ copper ya earned yourself ain’t gonna buy ya enough to fill your stomach either. If ya ain’t a high-level, high-income Dungeon diver, ya can’t even really find room or board here.”</p>

      <p>“It’s that pricey, huh? So, around what percent more does a room cost here than in other countries?”</p>

      <p>“What percent more? You’re thinking small. How many <em>times</em> more expensive, more like. No matter where ya go in Whoseyards, it’ll cost ya a few hundred copper coins, easy.”</p>

      <p>“A... A few <em>hundred</em>?!”</p>

      <p>“We got people just strolling around with gold coins on ’em. Sorry to say it, but if ya got no money, you’d best camp outdoors someplace without a ley line. Ya can head east for Vart as early as tomorrow if you like. That country’s a mite on the unsafe side, but it’s great for Dungeon exploration. I’m pretty sure they’ve got places ya can stay for a few pieces o’ copper.”</p>

      <p>I wanted to at least avoid sleeping outdoors. I was drained enough as it was, and I didn’t honestly know if I could absorb any more stress. It would fulfill the conditions for that “???” skill to activate on me again for sure, and I had a bad feeling that wasn’t something I could let happen over and over without any consequences.</p>

      <p>There was another solid reason to avoid sleeping outside: the fact that I still didn’t really grasp what ley lines were about. From what this shopkeeper was implying, if I ended up sleeping outside, I’d be forced to keep far enough away from them. All I could find on the subject back at the library was that ley lines “are lines composed of magic gem material that transmit magical energy.”</p>

      <p>So, to sum up, I couldn’t afford to be stingy with my items. I had to raise money today, and lots of it. I took a risk and decided to count on the better nature of the man who was humoring a beginner like me.</p>

      <p>“Err, uhh, if that’s the case, could I ask you to look at everything I have on me? I’d like to know how much it’ll all go for...”</p>

      <p>“Hrm, so you’ve got more. Sure, show me everything you’ve got.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, sir.”</p>

      <p>I exited the shop and took out stuff like the Blade of Oria from my inventory before going back in. I told him I’d left the thing with an acquaintance, but he obviously found that dodgy, though he left it at that. <em>Maybe a spell or item similar in function to my inventory ability also exists in this world</em>, I thought.</p>

      <p>Except for a minimum baseline of items, I sold everything I thought could be sold. My resulting inventory:<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【ITEMS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Levahn Silver Coins, Levahn Copper Coins, Steel Knife, Jerky, Water Pack, Styptic, Oil, Lighter, Smartphone, Pebble, Twig</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I’d obtained ten pieces of silver, each one worth a hundred copper coins. The named equipment and the giant wolf’s magic gem alone got me nine of them.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, sir. You’ve been a huge help.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, don’t mention it. Ya had excellent loot, so you’re helping me out too. Now then, be careful out there, newbie.”</p>

      <p>And with that, I left the money changer’s store. My inventory wasn’t as bountiful anymore, but now my prospects of landing a place to stay the night in Whoseyards was looking brighter. I made my way to the cheapest lodging (according to the storekeeper), after which I carried out the procedure for a night’s accommodation. My stay came with dinner and breakfast, so I headed for the dining room.</p>

      <p>To be honest, the food tasted gross. Compared to Earth, it left a lot to be desired. Here, there was nothing as nice and comforting as rice. Ground grains, tubers, and stale bread were mainly what was on offer.</p>

      <p>After I finished eating dinner, I entered my room for the night. It was a modest space, and by my standards, it couldn’t be called clean or hygienic, but from what I’d heard, in this world it belonged to a relatively high tier of quality. That fact hit me with a bit of vertigo. I took deep breaths to keep nice and calm.</p>

      <p>“<em>Phew</em>... I’m beat.”</p>

      <p>I flopped onto my hard bed. It was my first time resting all day. My mind unwound, and I found my thoughts wandering back toward normalcy. Thinking about things from a normal perspective, everything that had happened that day was strange and ridiculous. My doubts and questions were beyond counting. And once such doubts pop up, you can never regain your composure until you find an answer.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell’s even happening? </em>I began to search for the answer in my head, which was a waste of time—I was just wondering to myself. <em>Arrgh, what am I even </em>doing<em>?</em></p>

      <p><em>I wake up in a dungeon and get attacked by monsters in some magic RPG world. I get belittled, I lose tons of blood, and I damn near bite it. I even looted corpses like some grave robber. I don’t see how this could make sense, and I don’t understand a lick of this. What </em>is<em> this world? Where’s my world? My family? My parents might not be around, but I’ve still got my sister. Have I disappeared from my world? Is she all alone at home right now? God, I hope not! Even just that, I can’t let it happen! I’ve gotta return home; I don’t care how. I need to wake up early and make her breakfast. I gotta escape this dumb fantasy world, and fast! Menus? Magic? Stats? A game system that responds to my inner thoughts? Just how much must my brain have been tampered with to get </em>that<em> to work? I’m scared. This is too much! What’s enjoyable as fantasy sucks as reality. Is this some sick joke?! What does this place want from me?! Screw this! I’m so pissed! Argghh! ARRRRGGHH!</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The following skill has activated: ???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The familiar words in the notification box. The firestorm in my head was instantly doused. I’d gone and done it again. But I was used to it by now. I couldn’t help it if the skill activated on me.</p>

      <p><em>Let’s just keep absorbing whatever info I can, nice and calm, and come up with a strategy going forward. I’ve gotta make the best of the hand I’ve been dealt. Do the best I can, over and over again. That’s all I can do for now. And right now, taking the time to let my body rest is crucial. Nothing good will come of me dropping dead of exhaustion.</em></p>

      <p>I let my dead-tired brain rest and slept like a log, sinking into a deep and muddy slumber. I was in absolutely no place to be dreaming, simply engulfed by a black, worrisome darkness. A pitch-black world without end.</p>

      <p>Hours and hours passed, but to me, it felt like a few seconds. That was the sort of sleep I plunged into.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, this world wouldn’t give me time to rest so easily.</p>

      <p>“Wakey, wakey!”</p>

      <p>All the air in my lungs expelled, my abdomen was squashed. I snapped painfully awake.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, get up!” came a voice. “Quickly! Oh, do wake up!”</p>

      <p>The voice was shrill but clear and young. I’d heard it before.</p>

      <p>“Hngh, urgh. Wait, I... You’re that...” I opened my eyes and recognized the source of the voice. There she was—the symbol of the can’t-be-real.</p>

      <p>“I got you something you’ll love, so get up already!”</p>

      <p>It was Lastiara, the creepy girl I’d encountered back in the Dungeon. She was no longer in the armor I’d seen her in before but rather in casual clothes of white silk. She appeared to be pressing down on my stomach, sitting astride me and looking down.</p>

      <p>It was all so sudden that my mind was having trouble catching up, but I was able to calmly converse with her—I guess because my mind was already having trouble comprehending much of anything.</p>

      <p>“This is my room, you know,” I replied, taking her to task for her intrusion to see if that got me anywhere. Not that I was certain this world had a law against trespassing.</p>

      <p>I examined my surroundings and found it was still dark outside the window. It seemed this was a late-night visit.</p>

      <p>Lastiara got off of me even as she clapped her hands and commended me. “Wow! I’m impressed. You’re so unfazed!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not unfazed; it just hasn’t sunk in yet,” I said, my tone polite. I didn’t know her true nature, for one, but there was also the fact that I surmised she was from the upper class when I met her in the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>“Ah. Well, I saw you were in a bit of a bind, so I thought I’d drop by! I mean, you haven’t even gotten past Level 1 yet, and it’s been bothering me something fierce,” she said gleefully.</p>

      <p>The polite rich-girl manner of speech she’d used back at the Dungeon was gone now, replaced by the sort of carefree bantering tone you’d expect from friends of the same age. But I wasn’t up to replying in the same free and easy way. The amusement in her eyes was terrifying. I couldn’t tell whether those eyes were focused on something or not, and that made me supremely uneasy.</p>

      <p>I chose my words carefully. “You can see other people’s levels, can’t you?”</p>

      <p>In this world, the concept of levels was known by all. The books I read in the library had mentioned levels, stats, and conditions in many places. I’d also read that only a chosen few could see details about someone’s level and the like.</p>

      <p>“Yep! Over in this world, there are a few of us who’re fortunate enough to have that ability! I suppose the devout can gain it if they train long and hard too. Like the priests in charge of leveling up in churches and other public institutions. I’m a natural, though!”</p>

      <p>There she went, freely explaining what I wanted to know like it was nothing. She clearly took it for granted that I was unfamiliar with this world, not to mention her saying “over in this world.” I gulped, taken aback. “I didn’t know that. Thank you very much. But I have no idea what you want, and I don’t know who or what you are, so I have half a mind to call someone to chase you out.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on!” she said, panicking, her hands flying up. “That’d be quite bad for me. I came here to <em>help</em> you! I’m here out of the goodness of my heart; I’ll help you absorb those experience points you’ve got piled up!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll pass,” I declined coldly. “I learned about leveling up at the library, and I know where the church is.” I didn’t want an unknown quantity like her doing anything like that to me, because to me, leveling up was an extremely important affair.</p>

      <p>She dropped her shoulders. “What? But...huh?”</p>

      <p>“Please, go away.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t get it,” she muttered, visibly sulky and crestfallen. “Normally, someone would be more, like...<em>you know</em>. But you’re barely even reacting. I swear...”</p>

      <p>Apparently, my response wasn’t what she’d been expecting. Undaunted, I urged her to leave, and then she looked into my face with the expression one gets when they’ve resolved to do something.</p>

      <p>“All right, I’ll just do it by force, then!”</p>

      <p>Her smile was her brightest one all day. Her eyes bored holes in me. My first impression of her hadn’t changed a whit—her golden eyes inspired nothing but fear and awe in me. I was scared. In my mind, she was just a monster in human skin. No matter how much her beautiful face emoted, I sensed no human warmth in her eyes. They were cold, like she was a god handing down some pitiless pronouncement. Paralyzed with terror though I was, I leaped off the bed and away from her.</p>

      <p>At that, Lastiara chanted an incantation, waving her hands like a conductor as she wove her spell. “Crate that loathes. Soundless skies, subpar singing. Untangled locks—”</p>

      <p>As fast as I could, I bolted for the door, attempting to leave the room and get help from a third party. I put my hand on the doorknob and...nothing. It didn’t even budge. It was unnaturally stiff, as if made so by magic, and it was radiating a pale purple light. That was when I realized her incantation meant to trap me inside.</p>

      <p>Out of options, I pounded the door and shouted, “Someone! Somebody help me!”</p>

      <p>“I soundproofed it, so it’s not a big deal, but could you just be good and sit still for me?”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, Lastiara had drawn close behind me and was caressing my throat. I immediately brushed aside her hand, but my throat started emitting a pale purple light all the same. She’d cast the same spell on my throat as she had on the doorknob before. I tried speaking, but no sound came out. My vocal cords refused to vibrate. Seeing that her magic had muted me, she reached for me again with the same hand. I steeled my resolve and grabbed her by the wrist, intending to twist it behind her back. At that very moment, I found myself hurled into the air. I could see the top of Lastiara’s head from under my nose. It was then I understood—she’d used her free hand to grab the hand of mine that was holding her wrist and tossed me away. Her muscle strength was beyond what a girl who must have weighed under fifty kilograms could reasonably muster.</p>

      <p>With the gears in my rapidly cooling head turning, I focused on landing safely, which was made possible by my anything-could-happen attitude going in. I nearly hit the ceiling before slamming down to the ground. Luckily, though I landed on my legs and right hand, the shock was distributed throughout my body. Even as I grimaced from the impact, Lastiara was already there again, right before my eyes.</p>

      <p>I took a knife out of my inventory and held it at the ready. She looked a tiny bit surprised at that, but then she smiled wryly and reached out again as though my knife meant nothing.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t move. My conscience was putting the brakes on the idea of cutting a girl with a knife. I was fully aware that I was being too soft, having come this far, but I pretended to slash at her while taking out the water pack from my inventory with my free hand, blocking her vision so that I could make my escape.</p>

      <p>Lastiara must have seen my counterattack coming, because she slapped the water pack away and disarmed me with alarming speed before sweeping my legs out from under me. Then, with my head pinned, she intoned a spell. A pale purple light radiated through my mind, and my whole body froze, unable to move an inch.</p>

      <p>“Hm, I must say, your judgment and ability to land on your feet are incredible. I almost can’t believe you’re only Level 1.”</p>

      <p>I was no match for her, but it seemed she was impressed with me. She seemed truly surprised. “Maybe this is that ‘numbers beyond one’s numbers’ thing. For real, though, you’re something else. Your <em>strength</em> and <em>agility</em> are a tenth of my own, yet you somehow took that hit like a champ! And it takes a super long time for magic to work its way through you too. You’ve got scary potential.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t say a thing in response. With my body immobilized, I couldn’t hurl a single choice word her way. I couldn’t help but feel anxious about the helpless state I found myself in.</p>

      <p>“Oh, stop worrying so much. Believe it or not, I mean you no harm. All I’m doing is leveling you up. Really,” she said as she got on my back and whipped out an old-looking book from her person.</p>

      <p>“Let’s see here. The incantation for leveling up... <em>Prithee take heed, and introspect</em>...”</p>

      <p>From our bodies spilled white light, and the room was soon filled with it.</p>

      <p>“...<em>it be mine, it be thine.</em> Aaaand that’s a wrap.”</p>

      <p>And with that, the spell was over. If Lastiara was telling the truth, then my level had just increased.</p>

      <p>“You’re my all-important candidate, so I can’t have you roaming around at a stupid low level like that. If your stats stay that low, a stiff breeze could take you out! You had me on pins and needles, you know. But now, with this, I can breathe a sigh of relief.”</p>

      <p>As if to say, “Here’s to a hard day’s work,” she wiped nonexistent sweat from her brow, approached the window, and gave me her parting words in a tone of feigned politeness. “Right then, a frightening bunch are losing their minds looking for me, so kindly allow me to take my leave. I bid you goodbye.”</p>

      <p>With that, she leaped out the window. Meanwhile, my body was still paralyzed. I watched the whirlwind of a girl leave and checked my stats.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 119/121</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 71/141</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS:</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 4</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 3.03</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 3.15</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 4.07</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 5.05</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 6.09</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 8.08</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 3.99</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EXP: 127/800</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Obtained 3 bonus points.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Obtained 3 skill points.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It was true—my level had gone up. It seemed this “Lastiara” girl had no ill will toward me after all. Yet she’d also refused to take no for an answer. She definitely remained someone I couldn’t afford to let my guard down around.</p>

      <p>I turned it all over in my head as I lay on the cold floor. Or rather, I couldn’t do anything else, as my body was immobile. I experimented with the “bonus points” and “skill points” that my menu now said I had. Apparently, bonus points were for adding to stats (such as strength and vitality), while skill points could be used to build up my skills.</p>

      <p>I didn’t want to bite the big one anytime soon, so I put all my bonus points into increasing my HP. If I were playing an RPG, I’d spare some thought for efficiency and sprinkle some points into strength and what have you, but in this case, I prioritized HP, as in this world, I couldn’t afford to ever die. Each bonus point counted for 10 additional HP, so now my max HP stood at 151.</p>

      <p>I put a single skill point into dimensional magic, and after doing so, the text display changed to “5.05+0.10.” I used <em>Dimension</em> to see how it had changed and found only the slightest of buffs to it, so I saved the two remaining skill points for later. I knew that my stats, current status, magic, and the like would be a major part of my everyday life here, and I couldn’t discount the possibility that I would obtain new spells down the line. Wasting my points was to be avoided.</p>

      <p>I was satisfied with my new policy regarding how to use the points I earned. Time passed, but I still couldn’t move at all. At the end of the day, I’d spent a small fortune only to wind up sleeping on a cold, hard floor. Thus did my first day in this world come to a close.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: AIKAWA Kanami </code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP 151/151</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP 141/141</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: </code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 4</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 3.03</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 3.15</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 4.07</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 5.05</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 6.09 </code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 8.08</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: CONFUSION 4.29</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EXP: 127/800</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【SKILLS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Innate Skills: Swordplay 1.01, Ice Magic 2.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Acquired Skills: Dimensional Magic 5.05+0.10</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>???:???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>???:???</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MAGIC】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Ice Magic: Freeze 1.00 Ice 1.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Dimensional Magic: Dimension 1.01</code></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>When I woke up the next day, I found I was able to move my body again. I was inwardly worried I would still be unable to move, so I was relieved for the time being. As I’d been planning to initially, I headed for the nation of Vart to the east.</p>

      <p>I asked the workers at the inn for information on the road to my destination and things I should make note of so that I didn’t get lost. I’d braced myself to have to cross a lengthy path that spanned the country, but I actually arrived at the border that morning. The five nations’ respective territories surrounded the Dungeon, so the closer one was to it, the shorter the distance between the countries.</p>

      <p>The border was marked only by a rudimentary stone wall, and there was no procedure one had to go through to cross the border. I wondered how they controlled the coming and going of people and things, but then I noticed that one of those ley lines was stretching around the wall and concluded they were managing it through some technique unknown to me.</p>

      <p>It didn’t take much walking around Vart to see the difference between it and Whoseyards. The wealth disparity was striking, but what really hit me was how differently distributed people’s jobs were. The vast majority of the folks I saw were wearing explorer garb. Many carried blades. It was clear that they all dealt with rough stuff in their line of work.</p>

      <p>Having made it to this new land, I established a new set of priorities. My number one guiding goal was to effect my great return. If I stayed in this inscrutable death trap of a world, I’d go nuts in short order. I had to run, not walk, back to my own world, for my own sake as well as for the sake of my little sister.</p>

      <p>Yet, I had precious few leads. The present front-runner was the grant-any-wish legend surrounding the Dungeon that practically screamed “dive into me.” If this were a game, that would obviously be the correct choice. But this was reality, and there were no guarantees.</p>

      <p>The only other thing that might lead to my great return was studying magic and society and the like. But the chances that that alone would take me home were slim, and there were no guarantees there either. I hadn’t seen anything the least bit like that in the library.</p>

      <p>Of course, whether I conquered the Dungeon or spent all my time researching, I’d definitely need money. That was the one thing I could be sure of. If I bought meals and stayed at inns, I’d lose my copper coins. And if I did end up entering the Dungeon, the assortment of tools and equipment I’d need would cost me too. The same went for weapons.</p>

      <p>Money, money, money. Without it, I couldn’t do a thing. Which is why I made the choice I did...<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Hey, newbie! Once you’re done washing the dishes, go take out the trash!”</p>

      <p>“Yes! Right away!”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I started working part-time at a certain pub. To be honest, I had no desire to enter the Dungeon again. I didn’t even want to see it. Every fiber of my being was against the idea. I figured trying to earn money through the Dungeon was premature. Oh, who am I kidding? I was just afraid of going in there again. In my heart of hearts, I wanted to put it off for a while, if possible.</p>

      <p>That was my state of mind as I walked the streets of Vart, and then I spotted a sign for a pub that was seeking a new worker. I figured it couldn’t hurt to try, so I went for the interview. I managed to pass it by weaving a web of lies; no real background check or identity confirmation was conducted, and just like that, they put me to work. Entering the workforce in this world was shockingly smooth. It kind of made me want to bring that process over to the economically depressed countries of my world.</p>

      <p>Just so you know, I have experience working part-time in a restaurant, and as far as cooking was concerned, I was the one who handled that every day at home, so I was confident on that front. As such, it was a reasonable proposition, and I jumped into it without giving it much thought. I didn’t regret doing so, as a pub this close to the Dungeon was beyond excellent as a source of information.</p>

      <p>“Siiieg! Clean this up, hon!”</p>

      <p>“Right away!”</p>

      <p><em>Sieg</em>. A Western-sounding alias I cooked up because I feared going by Aikawa Kanami. What spooked me primarily was how that weirdo girl Lastiara found out my real name. I was now “Siegfried Vizzita.” It was the name that had sprung out of me on the spur of the moment, and I didn’t even know if it was an actual name they used in the west. You can laugh at me for being basic or your standard game-brain sufferer. I wanted to go by the name of a famous hero of legend like Siegfried in order to stand out to anyone familiar with the reference, and this was the result. It wasn’t a given that there were no other residents from my world in this one. And if I ever crossed paths with one, it made sense to go with a name that was more mainstream than not, so they’d realize I was their fellow outworlder. And there was a chance that non-Japanese people from Earth might know the name Siegfried through the Song of the Nibelungs. It was vital that it be both a name not used in this world and also a name that rang a bell in my world, and Siegfried fulfilled those criteria. I’d already heard people in this world tell me it was an unusual name.</p>

      <p>Or perhaps I should say, that was the limit of my brain’s coldness. I couldn’t deny that I was swayed by the coolness of the name. It was only after the fact that I thought I ought to have used the name of a country or religion in my world, or the name of the head of state of a well-known country in my world, but I couldn’t very well revise my alias now. I was stuck with Siegfried.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Sieg, hon! Hurry up!”</p>

      <p>“Sorry! I’ll do it now!”</p>

      <p>Ms. Lyeen, the pretty poster girl for the pub, chided me for stopping in my tracks. It was dinnertime, the busiest period of the day. The seats were filled with explorers who’d come to fill their stomachs after a day of Dungeon diving. They were a crude and rowdy bunch, and the hustle and bustle were noisy as all get-out, but you couldn’t say the place wasn’t full of life. I did miscellaneous chores while I picked up information regarding the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, we earned a buttload o’ money today.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I was sweating bullets when we came across that swarm of Soldier Ants, but in the end, today’s hunt was lucrative.”</p>

      <p>“’Course, it’s all down to luck whether ya encounter a swarm or not. It was risky, but ya can’t argue with the spoils.”</p>

      <p>“It turned out great.”</p>

      <p>There was lots of talk of the Dungeon in the pub. At the tables, veteran explorers were reflecting on their dives and exchanging information, so pricking up my ears was proving worthwhile. I was using <em>Dimension</em> to eavesdrop as I wiped tables.</p>

      <p>“Hey there, sonny, you new? Did the lad before ya quit?”</p>

      <p>More than a few struck up conversations with me as I worked. Unlike in my world, restaurants here were chummy. Excessively so.</p>

      <p>“I’m new, sir, yes. My name’s Sieg. I started today. I’m told the person before me quit.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Makes sense, though; they work ya awful hard for what they pay ya.” The man laughed good-humoredly.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong with low pay?!” roared my boss from the kitchen. The man only laughed more.</p>

      <p>The balance of power at this pub was one of a kind. From what I was told, the place’s manager was a Dungeon explorer of some renown, and he never backed down an inch when it came to the ruffians who made up his clientele. I heard him yell at his customers more times than I could count. I reckoned that was the only way to run an establishment right beside the Dungeon. For example, if an employee like Ms. Lyeen seemed to be about to take a ribbing, our boss would come barreling over to rescue her. I hadn’t known him for long, but he seemed responsible and trustworthy. That being said, seeing as he’d hired me on the spot, I had absolutely no faith in his business acumen.</p>

      <p>“Wonder how long you’re gonna last here, buddy. Ain’t nobody but nuisances come here to eat, myself included.”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, everybody here is so kindhearted,” I replied. “I can work here without complaint.”</p>

      <p>“Oho, a practiced hand, I see. And you’ve got a way with words the last guy definitely didn’t!”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, sir; you’re too kind.”</p>

      <p>“Then again, ya shouldn’t be too stiff either. You can hang loose.” He patted me on the shoulder.</p>

      <p>The voice from inside boomed even louder. “Krowe! Quit holdin’ up my new worker or I’ll knock your lights out!”</p>

      <p>It seemed my boss and the guy named Krowe knew each other. He didn’t go easy on him, and he made that clear through his words.</p>

      <p>“All right, so, I’m going to go back to work,” I said. “The dishes are waiting for me.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, yeah, I wouldn’t be first in line for a beatdown from the old-timer either,” said Krowe, nodding with a hand held up in surrender.</p>

      <p>I hurried back to the kitchen and commenced the work of making the large quantity of dishes clean again. I was entrusted with taking the dishes away and washing them, and my job was to work hard doing it, starting in the evening and ending late at night. It wasn’t easy, having to move without pause for that long, but the experience I’d built up back in my world came in handy. Also, because I had <em>Dimension</em> active the whole time, I was able to get things done efficiently, which was a huge help as well. And that was how my first day on the job in this world went.</p>

      <p>The night wore on, and the Dungeon divers started leaving little by little. As soon as the last person exited, my boss came out from the kitchen.</p>

      <p>“Phew-ee. Finally done, eh, newbie? So, how was it? Your first day?”</p>

      <p>“We had quite a few customers, so I feel a nice sense of accomplishment,” I said as I cleaned the floor, thereby demonstrating to him that I had stamina to spare. I was eager for him to think of me as a useful employee.</p>

      <p>“Look at you. Cheeky bastard. Seems like you can handle tomorrow night too.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, was I being cheeky just now?”</p>

      <p>“Well, how do I put it? You talk so weirdly politely that it wraps around and sounds cheeky, I guess.”</p>

      <p>“Now that you mention it, I did get called ‘stiff’ earlier...”</p>

      <p>There was perhaps a culture gap between our worlds. By speaking politely, I’d meant to be as innocuous as I could, but it was possible it didn’t have the effect I wanted in this world. I needed to see things in a slightly different light. From that point onward, I’d aim to be an employee who was plainspoken and direct, just like Krowe-san was saying.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry too much about it,” said my boss. “You’ll get used to it bit by bit. I think your skills in the kitchen are even more promising than your skills looking after the customers.”</p>

      <p>“Hold on,” said Ms. Lyeen, who, at the word “kitchen,” drew nearer. Her long, swaying brown braids became her tall figure. “He’s doing kitchen stuff too?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” said my boss, “I’m thinking of having him work the kitchen too. I tested him, and he knows his way around a kitchen knife. He’s good with his hands, and he says he’s been doing kitchen work for a long time.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s why he passed the trial period on his first day.”</p>

      <p>“The sense I got from talking to him is that he’s conscientious and can do a good job serving customers too. I had no reason not to take him.”</p>

      <p><em>Even so</em>, I thought, <em>it’s weird to have somebody get straight to work without even really explaining anything properly</em>. Not being able to voice thoughts like that was one of the painful things about being a grunt of low standing like me.</p>

      <p>“It’s true,” said Ms. Lyeen, “I didn’t have to teach him much.”</p>

      <p>“You didn’t, right? It just means my judgment’s spot-on. Now then, I’m heading inside and leaving the rest to you.”</p>

      <p>“You got it.”</p>

      <p>And with that, my boss went to the kitchen to clean up.</p>

      <p>“I’m happy for ya, Sieg,” said Ms. Lyeen. “You need the money, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I should be okay now. Just to warn you, though, it seems things here are extremely different from what I’m used to back in my homeland, so please don’t expect the world from me.” It’d be trouble if they expected too much from me, so I decided to drop a line of defense.</p>

      <p>“Oh, right, you said you’re from that faraway country...uhh...”</p>

      <p>“It’s called Fania.”</p>

      <p>“That’s the one! Fania. Never even heard of Fania. You must’ve traveled one heck of a distance to get here!”</p>

      <p>“I dreamed of getting rich quick in the Dungeon, and this is what it got me.” I showed her the burn mark at the bottom of my neck.</p>

      <p>My story as of now was that I was a country boy who had tackled the Dungeon in hopes of making a speedy fortune but got my ass beat in a day.</p>

      <p>“Eep, that looks painful. But at least you didn’t get your arms torn off or your eyes crushed, so that’s good! And you won’t be dying while you’re working here!” she said morbidly, though her tone remained as light as ever.</p>

      <p>Our outlooks on the world were different to begin with, of course, and there was also the fact that she must have seen a thing or two while working here, given it was on the front line of Dungeon diving. It was only natural she’d go to such macabre places.</p>

      <p>“Looks like I won’t have to worry about food as long as I’m working here, so I’m happy.”</p>

      <p>“Sweet. Excellent. Keep on working with us. I’m rooting for ya. You’ve got better manners than the last guy, that’s for sure. And you’re quick to learn too!”</p>

      <p>Ms. Lyeen’s impression of me seemed favorable. Only, my manners were a product of my education level being higher than theirs, and as for my being “quick to learn,” that had a ton to do with <em>Dimension</em>. It seemed kind of like I was cheating, so I felt a tad guilty.</p>

      <p>“I’ll give it my all, ma’am. All right, I’ll go clean the tables too.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, hon, I’ll help.”</p>

      <p>Once the cleanup was over, the plan was to talk to my boss about my contract. I was told that since they lacked manpower, they’d treat me well, but I might be the one to turn them down depending on the details of the contract. After all, this job was nothing more than a means to an end for me, and I was at the stage where I wouldn’t balk at trying various different means.</p>

      <p>“Phew, and that’s that. Lock up the entrance for me, Sieg!” she said, leaving me with the task of rounding out the night before walking to the back of the building.</p>

      <p>“Yes, ma’am.” I did as I was told and went to the entrance. I was about to close the latch when I noticed it: something had tripped <em>Dimension</em>. Somebody was outside the pub. I checked how much MP I had left.</p>

      <p>“Stats... Okay good, I can do it. <em>Layered Dimension</em>.”</p>

      <p>I spent the MP I had left to gather information on the situation outside. <em>Layered Dimension</em> was a spell derived from <em>Dimension</em>. All it meant was spending more MP to expand the range of effect, but I figured I’d change the name in order to distinguish it from the standard <em>Dimension</em> spell. Plus, my pet theory held that the longer the name of the spell, the more exhilarating it felt to cast it.</p>

      <p>Outside the establishment stood a large wooden bulletin board, and it seemed there was a hooded kid around my age squatting in front of it. Curious, I stepped outside. Drops of white were falling, and though the precipitation was light, it was a pretty view. These drops of white were collectively called “tiarlay,” and they weren’t the snow you’d see in my world. They weren’t ice crystals that fell in winter, but rather falling crystals of magical energy that accumulated in the sky. I’d learned that tidbit in the library, but I didn’t know the details.</p>

      <p>Tiarlay was piled up atop the kid’s hood. I figured I’d try talking to him. “Hey, you awake?”</p>

      <p>The hooded kid looked up at me, eyes wide with surprise, and our gazes met. It was a girl. Blonde hair had spilled out from inside her hood when she’d lifted her head to look up at me. Her hair was as long and as straight as the warm rays of the sun. Her largish azure eyes left an impression, and her face was androgynous and cherubic. She got to her feet, still looking at me. We had to be around the same age, but she was way shorter than me, petite.</p>

      <p>I talked to her as a pub employee. “Good, you’re awake. We’re closing up shop, so...”</p>

      <p>A pause. “I can’t stay where I am?” she asked bluntly.</p>

      <p>“Uhh, well, I guess it’s all right as long as you don’t do anything weird. I guess.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, then I’ll be staying put. Let me know when I start being in the way.” She sat back down. Her manner of speech was gruff and masculine, and it didn’t fit her face.</p>

      <p>“Wait, that’s not the issue here! I mean, it’s the middle of the night, and it’s dangerous out here for a girl all on her own.”</p>

      <p>Maybe I was being a busybody, sticking my nose into her business without even knowing her deal, but my sense of duty from back in my world was pushing the words from my mouth. “Why don’t you find an inn to stay at—”</p>

      <p>“I haven’t got the money. I’m staying here in front of the tavern, where it’s warm,” she retorted, slicing my rote response to shreds.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>