<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: The Slaves of Dreams and the Dreams of Slaves</h1>

      <p>After Dia and I finished our Dungeon dive, my EXP had increased by around 100 points. I needed around 600 more to level up. Taking several hours to get 100 EXP was such a slow rate of growth I could yawn. However, given that experienced divers around age thirty tended to be at or around Level 10, my growth rate could be called quite rapid. In any case, if I did the same thing for six more days, I’d reach Level 5. Presumably, it’d take me less than a year to catch up to those who had fought for a decade or more. Thinking about it that way, I was, in fact, growing abnormally quickly. But that was looking at it in relative terms, and I wasn’t satisfied with it. My goal was to clear the Dungeon all the way down to the <em>hundredth</em> floor. The whole idea would be out of the question if I didn’t push past human limitations at the very <em>least</em>. I kicked my gamer-think into high gear, and, bit by bit, I formulated a plan to get me there.</p>

      <p>First, I’d gather everything I needed for more worthwhile Dungeon exploration. There was a lot that I, in my inexperience, didn’t know or understand, but what I sensed for the first time during my dive with Dia was the importance of sustainability. I’d concluded our dive having lost no HP but fully exhausted my MP. That is to say, if I had a way to recover or save on MP, I could fight for longer. That would help to raise the efficiency by which I earned EXP.</p>

      <p>Second, the method by which I hunted monsters of a rank that complemented my party’s power level would be of the essence as well. Since Dia’s firepower was currently excessive, it was important to challenge stronger monsters and improve our EXP and financial gain. It was the same old story—the gist was prioritizing resource recovery and carefully selecting one’s hunting grounds for farming. That was the most basic of basics when it came to leveling up for online games.</p>

      <p>“I know what I’ve got to figure out,” I muttered to myself.</p>

      <p>“What’s that, hon?” asked Ms. Lyeen. “What do you gotta figure out?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I just started Dungeon diving again, is all. I was thinking to myself how important it’ll be to learn what sorts of monsters I can find where.”</p>

      <p>The workers at the pub had a deep pool of knowledge regarding the Dungeon to draw on. I expected them to give me advice of some sort, so I saw no need to conceal my thoughts.</p>

      <p>“Wow, you already tackled it again? Didn’t you say you’d hit a wall?”</p>

      <p>“Since I’m free in the morning, when I have time on my hands, I wind up heading back to the Dungeon in the end.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I guess you did travel all the way to Vart to do the Dungeon. Ain’t nothing else to be done, I suppose.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll make sure I don’t get injured, ma’am. I wouldn’t want to hurt the business.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s okay,” she replied warmly. “You can put your dreams before the business! The pub will go on somehow or another, don’t you worry. Leaving that aside, you were saying something about the monsters earlier, but—”</p>

      <p>“Leave all that talk to me, Sieg!” It was Mr. Krowe, a diver I had something of a bond with.</p>

      <p>“Are you knowledgeable about monsters?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I may not look it, but I’ve been diving for a long time. If there’s anything you wanna ask, lay it on me.”</p>

      <p>I turned to face Ms. Lyeen. She was nodding without a word. Apparently, she’d been meaning to refer me to Mr. Krowe from the beginning.</p>

      <p>“Okay, I’ll take you up on your kind offer. I’d like to ask you about the stronger monsters.”</p>

      <p>“The stronger ones? You mean the <em>bosses</em>?”</p>

      <p>At the word “bosses,” my gamer self threatened to vault out from deep inside me. But I pulled the reins on my curiosity and continued conversing calmly.</p>

      <p>“Those, yes. I’d like to know more about the relatively stronger monsters that appear on the lower levels, including the bosses.”</p>

      <p>“All right, I get ya! Knowing the monsters you need to watch out for from the outset <em>is</em> important, after all! Damn, you’ve got potential, you know that?”</p>

      <p>I responded with a wry smile. I couldn’t exactly tell him that I wasn’t asking in order to watch out for those monsters, but rather to crush them outright.</p>

      <p>“Listen up, Sieg. There aren’t that many bosses that appear on the first floor. If I recall correctly, there are around ten different kinds. I’m pretty sure the one that’s the closest to the Vart entrance is called the Forest Queen. Keep an eye out if you enter an area that’s got plants growing everywhere. That’s where the thing lives. There are lots of other insectoid bosses apart from it too. There are annoying ones like the kingpin of the giant spiders, the Rail Arachne, and the carnivorous plant Caps Dungeonhole...”</p>

      <p>Mr. Krowe volunteered all this information despite the Dungeon being his bread and butter. Thinking back, I owed the guy a lot. Now I understood why the pub’s customers were fond of him. He was the caring big brother type.</p>

      <p>He’d told me a ton about the bosses of the lower floors when something else sprang into his mind. “...and lastly, when you’re talking the stronger monsters, there’re the <em>Guardians</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Guardians?” That was the first I’d heard of the term.</p>

      <p>“Yep. They’re the mega-bosses that appear on the tenth and twentieth floors.”</p>

      <p>“The tenth floor, huh? So I won’t have to deal with them just yet, right?”</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s not necessarily the case. The Guardians have high-level intelligence, and they prowl around the Dungeon freely. So you might bump into one on the lower floors too.”</p>

      <p>“Bosses wander around freely?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Let me warn you, if you do bump into one, run. Nobody can beat those things. They’re absolute beasts that the strongest divers in the Alliance challenged and couldn’t take down.”</p>

      <p>“Noted.” Not that I needed to be told to run. If I ever encountered one, I’d obviously turn tail.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare ya. They may prowl around, but you’re still probably never gonna meet one. I can’t even remember the last time I heard somebody did. They’re the stuff of legend among us divers.”</p>

      <p>“No, thank you very much. It was all very interesting.”</p>

      <p>“If you think that’s interesting, wait till you get a load of this! Let me tell ya about when the strongest diver in all the Alliance, Glenn, fought a Guardian. It’s practically folklore among us divers—”</p>

      <p>“KROWE! Don’t hog the man for so bloody long!” came my boss’s angry bellow from inside the kitchen, as per usual. “Otherwise, I’ll toss ya out on your ass for obstructing business!”</p>

      <p>“Hold up, boss! I was just giving him the lowdown outta the kindness of my heart!” Mr. Krowe retorted, clearly enjoying this. “I’ll tell ya some other time,” he told me with a wink.</p>

      <p>I smiled and bowed my head in appreciation. Mr. Krowe really was a bro to rely on. After that, I returned to work, processing the information I’d attained in my head. And though I was soon swamped by a large number of customers, I’d succeeded in collecting the information I wanted.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The next day, Dia and I started our second-ever tandem Dungeon dive. The night prior, I’d asked my boss some questions as well, deepening my knowledge of the stronger monsters one might come across in the Dungeon. Having learned which enemies we could and couldn’t handle using our abilities, I estimated which monsters would yield us the most EXP.</p>

      <p>Dia and rendezvoused at the church, and I explained my plan of action. “So, yeah, today we’ll be taking aim at high-rank or boss monsters.”</p>

      <p>“Oho, bosses, huh? I’m down! I’m super down!” said Dia, the picture of enthusiasm.</p>

      <p>“I looked into solutions for the MP problem, but it seems tricky, so I think we need to raise the quality of the battles we fight.”</p>

      <p>“I totally agree! We came this far, so let’s do a boss!”</p>

      <p>As I suspected, Dia was not too happy about the one-sided weakling massacre the day before. I reckoned a desire to fight stronger enemies had welled up within him.</p>

      <p>“Cool. I’m diving a bit deep, so follow me.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>Going on the information I’d obtained at the pub, we walked toward the area said to house a boss monster. I endeavored to be careful about my MP usage on the way there. I couldn’t afford to ease up on my enemy radar, but I resolved to avoid using <em>Dimension</em> for fights with low-ranked monsters to the best of my ability.</p>

      <p>We progressed through the Dungeon, picking battles with monsters we could fell with ease. Little by little, the corridors changed appearance, going from nondescript stone to verdure brimming with life. The corridors gradually grew in size, with trees growing with increasing abundance. By the time we ventured yet deeper, it was a full-blown forest. The road became indiscernible, the dense, dark forest stretching as far as the eye could see—proof we’d entered the special area in the depths of the first floor.</p>

      <p>“Okay, so we’ve entered the special bug area. Now then, I’d like to snipe the area’s master,” I declared like it was no big thing, “the boss monster ‘Forest Queen.’”</p>

      <p>“Wha?” Dia was baffled. I had told him we’d be shooting monsters from a place of safety whenever possible, but he probably hadn’t thought we’d be doing that for bosses too.</p>

      <p>“We’re sniping it. Y’know, shooting it from afar.”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, Sieg. You said we’d be sniping things when it seemed possible. Are you saying we can aim from here that easily?”</p>

      <p>“Let me explain the battle plan.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh?”</p>

      <p>The sight of Dia in such a dither was cuter than I might have imagined, so I didn’t stop to hear him out and just continued with my explanation, telling him about the strategy I’d put together based on the information I’d absorbed from many a Dungeon diver.</p>

      <p>“If it’s as I’m told, we can pinpoint the boss’s location even from this far away. I want you to fire your spell full force in the direction I point. The boss’ll probably die instantly. We wanna pick up the items it drops too, so we’ll pick off the small fry hangers-on while they’re still a fair distance away. I don’t think we’ll come into contact with the enemy, but if we do, I’ll play decoy. If that happens, I’ll fight using my MP without restraint, so you’d need to provide support for me. And that’s the plan. Given our abilities, it should be a cinch for us. Any questions?”</p>

      <p>“C-Can we really do it?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. I know we can.”</p>

      <p>I was exaggerating so as not to put undue pressure on him, but it was also true that the plan would be easy given our abilities. That was how out of the ordinary our skills were. If a normal adventurer had been there with us, this strategy wouldn’t have held. It was only possible thanks to my making an ally out of Dia, and only Dia, by means of my power to see the talents of others. I was struck once again by the amazingness of my ability to view others’ talents through my menu-sight.</p>

      <p>“Okay. I do owe you,” said Dia, “and I trust you.” He threw out his chest, attempting to make his dainty body appear bigger.</p>

      <p>“No need to get all antsy like that. If everything goes as I think it will, this’ll be a walk in the park. You’ll see once it’s over and done. Your magic’s just that crazy strong,” I said, spurring him on so as to lighten his mental load.</p>

      <p>My partner in crime nodded, blushing slightly. “R-Really? Okay.”</p>

      <p>“Good. All right, you wait a second while I detect the enemy.”</p>

      <p>Using <em>Layered Dimension</em>, I stretched my area of perception toward the area about which I’d procured my information. Expanding my senses as I pushed through the foliage, I spotted a five-meter-long monster with its back against a giant tree. It was bipedal, with butterfly-like wings and crustacean-like armor. Prowling in its vicinity were several monsters that appeared to be its minions. I pointed in their direction. With <em>Dimension</em>, I could grasp the space they were in at the millimeter level. Barring any calculation errors, we’d be shooting the Forest Queen right in her guts.</p>

      <p>“Found it. Put your arm on top of mine. Then fire your spell in the direction I’m pointing. You don’t have to worry about stuff like the wind or things being in the way. Not much can impact your magic one way or the other, and if there’s anything that looks like it can, I’ll adjust for you.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Okay.” Though still disoriented, Dia did as told and put his arm on top of mine, over my shoulder from behind.</p>

      <p>“The target’s not moving. As long as we don’t get too close, it won’t do much of anything. You can fire when ready, but try not to burn my arm.”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay; I can fire right away.” He closed his eyes and began focusing. A few seconds later, he opened his eyes and shouted. “Here I go! <em>Flame Arrow</em>!”</p>

      <p>There was a flash of light. Feeling the heat, I immediately withdrew my arm. Using <em>Dimension</em>, I could perceive how the beam of heat bored holes through the trees. I also sensed it had seared through the Forest Queen’s throat.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Title unlocked: Associate of the Green</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+0.05 to VIT</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I had been actually gunning for its guts, but the beam had fired a tad off target, and it appeared the hit had landed on the monster’s throat. All the same, our target perished instantly, decapitated. Clearly, when Dia fired his magic with all his power, it skewed slightly upward.</p>

      <p>I checked our status menus even as I watched the Forest Queen fade away. A vast quantity of EXP had been added to our counts, split evenly between us. I didn’t know the specifics behind EXP sharing, but it appeared as though on a basic level, it was distributed evenly among a group of collaborators. I smiled, gloating, as I went about the next thing to do. It had all gone just as expected.</p>

      <p>“And that’s that. Boss defeated. Next, let’s go beat the minions in the vicinity. Scratch that; it looks like they’re just running around in a state of confusion, not knowing where we are. Let’s change tack and beat the fewest enemies we need to secure the item drops.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, it’s already over, just like that?” Dia looked incredulous that the “battle” had ended so abruptly.</p>

      <p>“It’s over. The end. C’mon, let’s walk, but not too fast. I intend to avoid monster encounters as much as possible, but I think we’ll have to fight a little, so get ready.” I scanned the area where the item drops lay. Half of the minions were on the hunt for the one who had sniped their master, while the other half remained in the area.</p>

      <p>Dia and I advanced through the forest, avoiding enemies as we went and crushing the monsters that occasionally appeared through our usual teamwork. It took around ten minutes to reach the place where the items the boss had dropped were located, around a few hundred meters away. We kept having to take detours, so it took longer than I’d anticipated.</p>

      <p>After a thorough safety check, we set our sights on three minion monsters that were waiting on standby, coordinating our snipe shot via eye contact. The first died instantly without being able to do anything. The other two seemed to pick up on the direction whence the spell was fired and made a beeline for us. I made Dia do the same thing again. We aimed at one of the monsters approaching us in a straight line and fired. A hole was blazed into it before it could reach us.</p>

      <p>I engaged the last of the three with my sword. Minion monsters were higher-rank than the area’s standard roster. Reluctant as I was, I was forced to fight.</p>

      <p>“<em>Dimension: Calculash</em>!”</p>

      <p>If you asked us, this close-quarters fight with the last of them <em>was</em> the boss fight. The monster resembled a praying mantis. Its two arms were sharp blades, which it swung down swiftly and nimbly. I eyed its movements and shifted my body to dodge its attacks. Before I could take a breath, the mantis’s other arm-blade sliced up from below. I fended it off using the flat of my sword, then kicked the mantis’s torso to distance myself from it.</p>

      <p>That was when I knew I’d won. It had no special attacks to outwit me with. It simply slashed and slashed. It showed no indication of targeting Dia, charging at me in a suicide rush. I went on the defensive to buy Dia time.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow</em>!”</p>

      <p>The moment I distanced myself from it again, the mantis’s head went flying.</p>

      <p>“Whew...”</p>

      <p>“Are you okay, Sieg? That bug was crazy fast!”</p>

      <p>It was certainly a monster with sharp and speedy attacks, but truthfully, I hadn’t felt like I’d end up the loser in a one-on-one battle with it. That was how immense the power of <em>Dimension</em> was. Its ability to allow me to grasp the space around me exhibited its unmatched might in close-quarters combat as well.</p>

      <p>“What, that thing? I had it under control and then some. And with that, we’re done.”</p>

      <p>“Really? Good; that’s a relief.”</p>

      <p>Dia and I started retrieving the item drops. We secured the boss’s magic gem and the items it naturally dropped. Then all we had left to do was escape the area, paying attention so as not to run into any more of the minion monsters. Cautiously, we made our way to the Pathway Proper, and upon reaching it, our safety was guaranteed. I checked my MP to find I had over half of my total MP remaining.</p>

      <p>“All right, what say we go beat the next boss?”</p>

      <p>“Wait, there’s a next one?”</p>

      <p>“If we’re talking ones nearby, I guess that’d be the settlement of goblins. They’re bipedal, and apparently there are giant ones among them, so let’s go take ’em down.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, sure,” said Dia as he turned over the magic gem the Forest Queen had dropped in the palm of his hand.</p>

      <p>We headed for the area I’d heard about and repeated the process, which was all it took to defeat the next boss in short order. <br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Title unlocked: Poltroon’s Brawn.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+0.05 to STR.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Honestly though, this isn’t how I pictured my Dungeon dive,” said Dia.</p>

      <p>“I know what you mean. But given our abilities, this is the safest and most efficient way to do it, so...”</p>

      <p>A combat style that wholly relied on unique abilities and an abnormally potent magic stat led to encounters that were far removed from ordinary battles. Yet we continued to employ this technique. That way, we could utterly stomp boss monsters we’d normally have to risk our lives to take down without even fighting them head-on. There was nothing to complain about.</p>

      <p>That day, Dia and I defeated a total of three bosses before exiting the Dungeon.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Title unlocked: Overrun.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+0.05 to STR.</code></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>We exclusively took down powerful monsters and accumulated EXP in the most efficient way I could come up with. I’d piled up plenty of EXP, so we returned to town with energy to spare. On the road back, Dia, who’d become drenched, wrung the hem of his clothes as he walked.</p>

      <p>“Son of a... Stupid bug, getting me all wet... Oh well, I guess it’ll dry on the way.”</p>

      <p>Our boss monster farming had gone smoothly for the first two bosses, but the third’s habitat was less than agreeable. During the battle against that boss (a water strider appearing in a marshland pond), Dia had tumbled and fallen to the ground. He insisted it was the boss’s attack, but as I had <em>Dimension</em> active, I knew the truth. He had tripped over himself. He may have been a machine when it came to magic, but he left a world to be desired in the physical fitness department. At that moment, I resolved to have Dia move as little as possible.</p>

      <p>Which brings us back to the present. Dia was frantically extracting what moisture he could. He’d been doggedly wringing out the cloth around his waist for quite a while, and I kept catching glimpses of his navel.</p>

      <p>The stimulation was fierce, and I couldn’t unsee it. The sopping wet clothes were clinging to Dia’s form. Normally, his clothes were a bit oversized, so they didn’t catch my eye, but not so now. I could clearly make out the feminine outline of his body. And his modest but nonetheless extant bustline.</p>

      <p>“Here, Dia. Take my mantle.” I tried putting it on him.</p>

      <p>Dia just puffed up with pride like a rascally boy. “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine. This much is nothing.”</p>

      <p>Did he really intend to hide his sex? I cautioned him in a roundabout way. “But you’ll catch a cold like that.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, I’m <em>fine</em>, Sieg. Honest. I’d never catch a cold from <em>this</em>. I ain’t bothered.”</p>

      <p>“But Dia...if you stay like that...your clothes, they’re sticking to you.”</p>

      <p>“Sticking, to me?” It was then he noticed. He saw his situation with a clear mind, and his face turned red. Then, to gloss over the body thing, he accepted my mantle. “Y-You know what, you’re right, I’d hate to snub your generosity! Don’t wanna catch a cold!”</p>

      <p>He put it on and walked a short distance behind me. For a brief time, an awkward silence hung in the air, and in order to break that atmosphere, I changed the subject.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I just remembered, Dia. There’re a bunch of stalls over there. We’ve got money to spend now, so what say we go check ’em out?”</p>

      <p>“Sweet! Let’s go! You never know, we might find some gems!”</p>

      <p>At an open square located away from the road lay an assortment of vendor’s stalls. From what I’d been told, novice artisans and workmen were selling their respective wares at low prices there. In addition, there were apparently people dumping stuff they’d picked up in the Dungeon by selling them on the cheap. It wouldn’t hurt to search for arms and armor at nonestablished stores as well. With my menu-sight, it was impossible to rip me off, so I could zero in on value deals without cause for concern.</p>

      <p>Still blushing red, Dia scurried up to the stalls like a small woodland creature. “Look, Sieg, there’s tons here that’s perfect for us!” He animatedly beckoned me over.</p>

      <p>“Yep, coming. Just give me a second.”</p>

      <p>I ran after him, musing over how endearing the sight of him excitedly taking to the stalls was. Dia was clearly enjoying himself, gleefully asking me my opinion on various items for sale. Each time, I appraised those wares with my menu-sight, evaluating their worth aloud. The prices were hard to beat, but that meant much of the stuff on offer had deteriorated in quality. I found precious little that was up to snuff. But it was better that way. We could window shop while chatting about harmless fluff. The awkward atmosphere from before was gone now. Besides, I was having fun searching for hidden gems using my menu-sight. There were even times I left Dia alone and wandered off to look at the goods by myself.</p>

      <p>“Hrmm...”</p>

      <p>“So you can appraise goods too?” asked Dia wonderingly. “You’re looking at stuff super closely.”</p>

      <p>“I guess you could say I’m just that well-informed.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, you know about a whole bunch of stuff.” He gazed at me with respect. Little did he know that my “expert evaluations” were thanks solely to my menu-sight. It felt like I was pulling the wool over an innocent kid’s eyes, which made me a bit uncomfortable. I was enveloped by a sense of guilt I hadn’t been counting on. My eyes darted this way and that, searching for a way to change the subject, and that was when I found what I was looking for.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【HAIRCLIP OF I’LIA】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>An accessory containing a magic gem of light. Slightly boosts the user’s magic power.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>This item was labeled with a proper name, and it was going for cheap despite that. It was lying in a nook inside a stall in a corner of the square. I didn’t hesitate to grab it. “Excuse me, sir, I’ll take it.”</p>

      <p>“Hello. That’ll be five pieces o’ copper.”</p>

      <p>I promptly produced the copper pieces from inside my leather bag; the sensation wasn’t unlike that feeling when you obtain a rare item in a video game. I examined the freshly purchased Hairclip of I’lia, a huge grin on my face. The hairclip was pretty, its white magic gem gleaming.</p>

      <p>“Hey Sieg, is that thing a good get?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I know for a fact it’s worth more than five copper coins.”</p>

      <p>The proper-noun items I’d seen up until that point were all pricey. The lowest they should reasonably go for was one silver coin.</p>

      <p>“Man, I personally can’t see any difference whatsoever. You’ve got a great eye.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. I sniffed out a fantastic deal.”</p>

      <p>“But are you gonna put that thing on, Sieg?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>It was then it dawned on me. It was a hairclip. No matter how you sliced it, it was an accessory for use by women and girls.</p>

      <p>“I don’t think it’d look good on you, Sieg.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, actually, this is a present for you, Dia.” I couldn’t admit I’d only bought it because I was caught up in how much of a bargain it was, so out of desperation, I proffered the hairclip to Dia.</p>

      <p>“Wha? It’s for me?”</p>

      <p>“You’ve got your hair tied in the back. If you put it in there, I think it’d look good on you.”</p>

      <p>“N-No way, dude! Wait up a sec! I don’t need something like that! It’d never look good on me!”</p>

      <p>“But if you don’t want it...what do I do with it? It’s such a quality item, what with the magic gem in it and everything,” I said, expressing my disappointment (albeit a little theatrically). Dia got flustered, and I pressed the assault. “I thought it’d be perfect on you, since it apparently boosts magic power...but oh well. Guess I’ll go return it to the vendor later. Ah, shoot, but what’ll I do if he doesn’t take it back?”</p>

      <p>“All right, all right! I’ve just gotta take it, then!”</p>

      <p>“Excellent. C’mon, come over here.” I placed the Hairclip of I’lia in Dia’s hair. With that, the purchase was no longer a waste of money. Filled with a gamery satisfaction, I nodded my approval.</p>

      <p>Dia looked ill at ease, and he looked up at me. “Hey, it... It looks weird on me, right?”</p>

      <p>“Nope. It looks great on you.”</p>

      <p>“Th-That can’t be true...” Embarrassed, he started walking ahead as though to run away, His ponytail was bouncing like an actual pony’s tail. The touch of color the Hairclip of I’lia provided his golden mane with only amplified Dia’s attractiveness. For Dia’s sake, I won’t elaborate whether that was attractiveness as a guy or a girl.</p>

      <p>“You’re not gonna buy anything, Dia?”</p>

      <p>“I’m good. I dunno what’s good or not.”</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to buy only stuff that’s objectively good, you know. You can buy stuff you just like too. You’ve just started making money as an adventurer, so you can think of it as commemorative.”</p>

      <p>“Commemorative, huh? All right, then, guess I’ll get a book, maybe.”</p>

      <p>I was surprised. A book? <em>Come to think of it, I’ve never talked to him about anything besides the Dungeon. This is the perfect way to get to know each other.</em></p>

      <p>“Then let’s go look for books. What kinda books do you like?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, well, I’d like adventure stories if possible. Dungeon diving stories, heroic tales, that sorta thing.”</p>

      <p>We visited shops all around the square, discussing what we liked all the while. I could feel the distance between us closing, however gradually. We’d certainly grown closer—for better or for worse.</p>

      <p>Then, after we’d stopped at nearly every stall in the square, Dia finally asked. Compared to his expression during the idle talk we’d been engaged in up until then, he looked more serious.</p>

      <p>“Hey, man, I’ve been wondering this whole time, but why’d you decide to Dungeon dive?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? What do you mean, why? To live.”</p>

      <p>“To live? But you’re so skilled; I don’t think you need to earn money through the Dungeon. You’ve even got a job at a pub right now, and you can cook.”</p>

      <p>It was so sudden, I got whiplash. “That’s true, but I need to Dungeon dive regardless. How should I put it? I need it so I can live as my true self.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>