<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>I needed to clear the Dungeon so I could live as Aikawa Kanami. I wasn’t “Siegfried.” My name wasn’t that stupid and fakey. That was the answer to his question, but he wouldn’t have understood, so my reply turned abstract.</p>

      <p>“So you can live as your true self...”</p>

      <p>“Speaking of which, what about you, Dia?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, it’s nothing special. I just want money.”</p>

      <p>Now that he mentioned it, he had said he wanted money and power before. Obviously, he abided by that guiding principle in his life without any second thoughts, given how unhesitatingly he replied.</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, you did say you want money and power. How come? Why money and power?”</p>

      <p>“As long as you’ve got both, you can get whatever you want. Glory, status, women, food, freedom, happiness—everything just as you like,” he said resentfully.</p>

      <p>I sensed a deep-seated grudge or fixation in him. Something in his past had made him obsessed with wealth and power.</p>

      <p>“That’s a pretty unrefined dream...”</p>

      <p>“You may be right. But that’s the stuff us guys’ dreams are made of, right?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, not sure I’d agree with that...”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I’m sure it’s what you want, somewhere in your heart. Having money to burn, living in a luxurious mansion, waited on by sexy ladies, eating tasty food. Those are the sorts of things guys crave.”</p>

      <p>“Is that right?”</p>

      <p>Perhaps because of the values inculcated in my world, I didn’t have a favorable opinion of such desires. For one, lovely homes and delicious food were a matter of course. It occurred to me that maybe the reason spiritual and emotional contentment were emphasized over materialism, and that I was raised to believe there were things more important than money or indulging one’s greed, was simply because I’d lived in a world that was sheltered and safe.</p>

      <p>“Where I’m from, whoever’s got money and power can do as they please,” said Dia, launching into a vigorous harangue. “Thanks to his private army, nobody could oppose him. He was the lord, so he could rob the people of the fief blind. He took full advantage of his wealth and kept pretty-faced slaves. He could live while indulging his every whim, and he seemed happier than anyone else. There’re great stinking swarms of rat finks like him in this country too. Nobles, local ruling families, dudes who struck it rich in the Dungeon—the so-called ‘moneyed elites.’ And I’m gonna join ’em. I’m gonna use that power to make sure nobody can oppose me. If I can do that, then everybody will acknowledge me! I’ll go that far to make everyone see me for <em>me</em>—I’ll be able to live my life as a boy named ‘Dia.’”</p>

      <p>I had perhaps misjudged Dia. I’d viewed him as a kid who kept putting on airs to cover up his lack of competence, yet in reality, he had a solid core to him. He’d fixed his gaze on a goal, and he was unwavering in his pursuit of it, which was admirable.</p>

      <p>“I see. You’re amazing, Dia.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, not at all; I’m not amazing in any way. I haven’t got either money or power yet, and I know it’s thanks to you I’m getting anywhere.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t sell yourself short.”</p>

      <p>Dia must have thought he’d let too much slip in his fired-up state, because he scratched his head sheepishly. I’d felt the true timbre of his heart up close, and I... I got vertigo. His words had a punch to them. He was another human being, living his own life. His speech had been powerful enough to drill that into me.</p>

      <p>“Sieg, you okay? You’re looking kinda pale there.”</p>

      <p>I stood there. “It’s nothing. I’m fine,” I muttered, wringing the words out.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t ask people about their hopes and dreams in a stupid fantasy world. Don’t get too close to them.</em></p>

      <p>If I came into close enough contact with someone’s stark humanity, it would put cracks in my gamery ethos of optimizing progress. I was keen to abort this conversation with Dia. I parted ways with him, telling him it was because I didn’t have MP.</p>

      <p>“Cool! See ya, Sieg!”</p>

      <p>“Yep, see ya.”</p>

      <p>Dia waved energetically as he walked away. He seemed pumped for the next day. I, on the other hand, was feeling disheartened. Dragging my feet, I walked around town alone. I had the EXP to level up, but I didn’t head for a church. I felt like simply walking. Up until then, I’d spared no thought for anything but the Dungeon. Looking around town? For the Dungeon. Gathering information? For the Dungeon. Working? For the Dungeon. But now, I just wanted to take in the town without thinking about the damn Dungeon.</p>

      <p>Maybe it was because I’d come into contact with Dia’s raw emotions. I’d started to develop an interest in the people passing me by. Where had that boy carrying the sword on his back been born? What did he wish to accomplish in life? A semifer woman was next to pass me by. What was her story? Her personality? What was her goal? What was she walking for? In my heart of hearts, I’d looked down on these people as NPCs, but now I understood each and everyone was a flesh-and-blood person just like me.</p>

      <p>That was the fact that had been too dangerous for me to let sink in. My vertigo worsened, and I grew nauseous. I was losing my cool.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t acknowledge it. If I did, then everything I’d squared off into the it’s-a-game part of my head would flip over. This unreality started to feel real, and the real unreal. The boundary lines blurred, and foreign contaminants mixed more and more into the brain area that held what I valued and cherished.</p>

      <p>It felt like I was becoming someone else in Aikawa Kanami’s—<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The following skill has activated: ???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>But that’s just how it is...</em></p>

      <p>No matter the world, its residents were all living, breathing people, each leading their own lives. They all had their own stories, and were just as rich as the people of my world. There was no such thing as an NPC. I had to accept that and move on.</p>

      <p>I watched the people come and go. They were all full of energy and life. There were happy people and unhappy people. And knowing that couldn’t be without its benefits. Now I was equipped with not just the insight afforded me by the ability to see their gamey stats, but also the knowledge that the information I could obtain from the subtleties of their expressions was also important.</p>

      <p>With that thought in mind, I made my way to a place I hadn’t been before and surveyed the diverse crowds of people. While I was at it, I went through the leveling up process at the church, as my mood had lifted. I also did some shopping for stuff it was logical for me to buy using the money I had left. I walked wherever I fancied. Thanks to “???” I didn’t stop in my tracks, moseying around town in high spirits just like Dia.</p>

      <p>From time to time, I happened to catch sight of people in chains and chokers, which clinked as they walked. Dia <em>had</em> made mention of slaves as though they were an everyday aspect of this world. Slaves had existed in my world’s history as well. I supposed the history of slavery in this world wasn’t much different.</p>

      <p>As I stared blankly at them, a huge lead for clearing the Dungeon occurred to me. I smiled wryly at myself for making everything about the Dungeon, but I was nonetheless enchanted by their sheer utility. It was simple—use a slave to clear the Dungeon. I could discern which slaves had talents suited to Dungeon diving using my menu-sight. It behooved me to detect the slaves’ respective abilities and make them progress through it for me. The plan was impulsive, but it was also worth looking into.</p>

      <p>I walked toward the rough part of Vart, on the hunt for a place that might have information. I spotted a carriage containing what appeared to be slaves, and I used <em>Dimension</em> to ascertain the wagon’s destination. It proceeded down a deserted back alley through a subterranean tunnel. After some walking, a modest door came into view. It was the sort of building you probably wouldn’t find unless you knew where it was beforehand.</p>

      <p>I peeked inside using <em>Dimension</em> and discovered it was a slave auction site. I didn’t have much MP left, so I couldn’t see into the back. I set my eyes on the person in charge of receiving customers at the entrance and entered the building from the front door, pretending to be just another customer.</p>

      <p>“Why, hello there, sir. What business might you have here this early?” He was a sharply dressed man, and he bowed as he greeted me.</p>

      <p>“The place was recommended to me. I just came to give it a once-over,” I replied arrogantly, playing the part of the kind of guy I figured had the financial means to be able to visit this place despite his relative youth. In this world, there were many who had achieved massive success at a young age. As long as I kept up that attitude, I knew I wouldn’t be thought suspicious.</p>

      <p>First things first, I’d exercise my silver tongue and gather information. My multiple Dungeon dives had imbued me with confidence. If it came to blows and I focused on fleeing, even that would present no issues.</p>

      <p>“I see. However, we’re only open late at night, and I’m afraid there’s not much to see here while the sun yet shines.”</p>

      <p>“That so? In that case, could you tell me how things are done here, so I know for tonight?”</p>

      <p>“Of course, sir, I’d love to.”</p>

      <p>I thought I might be treated curtly as a customer who did something other than give them money, but surprisingly, he readily allowed me to ask him questions. Perhaps they could extract some coin from any given customer.</p>

      <p>I began talking to the man so as not to be thought suspicious, and I observed the vicinity even as I gathered information. Within the confines of <em>Dimension</em>’s area of effect, I could make out the slaves I’d detected inside the carriage earlier. They were in the middle of tidying their appearances. In order to look good for the customers, they were bathing, putting on makeup, and prettying up with accessories and the like. There were over ten slaves in chains. I obtained information from the client-facing man as I observed how slaves were treated in this world.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t long before a slave appeared in the lobby with us. Thanks to <em>Dimension</em>, I knew she had strayed off. She was a black-haired little girl, and she had been roaming around this large mansion by herself that whole time. Her black eyes were hollow, and she was skin and bones. I surmised she hadn’t been gussied up yet, since she was unkempt and dressed in cloth rags.</p>

      <p>“Is that girl over there a slave?” I asked, already knowing the answer. I used <em>Analyze</em> on her right away to get a rough look at her stats.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Maria Distrus</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 39/41</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 35/35</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Slave</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 3</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 0.89</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 2.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 1.23</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 0.73</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 1.07</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 1.91</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 0.56, Languor 1.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【SKILLS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INHERENT SKILLS：Perception 1.43</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS：Hunting 0.67, Cooking 1.07</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The girl had three skills on top of her uncommon magic power. Her overall talent was slightly above average. Then again, compared to Dia and me, there was a world of difference.</p>

      <p>The girl was the first to respond. “Uh, I... I’m...”</p>

      <p>The color returned to her vacant eyes, and she looked at me. I got the impression she’d found whatever she’d been looking for.</p>

      <p>“Ah, my apologies! Hey, someone take that slave inside!” The man clapped his hands to summon someone from the back.</p>

      <p>Despite that, the slave girl continued looking at me. “I’m Maria,” she managed. “My name is Maria.”</p>

      <p>Her wisp of a voice was a feeble murmur. But while we weren’t that close together, I could still hear her loud and clear. Her sudden self-introduction caught me by surprise. I found myself stating my name as well, perhaps due to the social convention I was used to back in my world.</p>

      <p>“I’m Sieg.”</p>

      <p>Then I realized my blunder. Not one good thing could come of my divulging my name in a place like this. I could make excuses by saying it was all so sudden, but I’d still let my guard down.</p>

      <p>Someone came from the back to take her away, but she kept staring at me even as she was led inside. And for some reason or other, I couldn’t take my eyes off her. I didn’t want to guess what those eyes of hers wanted.</p>

      <p>The man wiped his brow. “I deeply apologize for that shameful display, sir.”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s all right.”</p>

      <p>I was more shaken than I’d have expected. The composure “???” had so graciously granted me lay in tatters. Maybe the place had gotten me too nervous, and maybe I was still exhausted from my Dungeon diving. In any case, I was able to confirm that I could see the stats of the slaves. That meant I could look for slaves with useful talents without a hitch the next time I came.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>