<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Before I knew it, that startlingly pretty girl was standing right beside me, peering at me with her fantastical golden eyes. They were so gorgeous they were scary, shaving away at many a thing within me.</p>

      <p>The guys, taken aback by her sudden accosting of me, called out to her.</p>

      <p>“Err, uhh, milady, do you have some business with him?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, apologies. It’s a trivial matter,” she replied, getting even closer.</p>

      <p>I wanted to scream, to yell at her to stay back. But the words wouldn’t come out of my parched throat.</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on!” shouted one of the guys. “Please refrain from interacting with other divers!”</p>

      <p>“Surely a brief chat won’t hurt anyone. You won’t let me get involved with anything else, so please, let me at least have a little talk with this here diver, if you wouldn’t mind.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, milady, but...”</p>

      <p>I guess something she said must have persuaded them, as their objections ended there. The girl who had silenced the three guys drew so close that our faces threatened to touch.</p>

      <p>“You really are quite intriguing,” she whispered so that only I could hear. “Honestly, you’re so interesting that I’m green with envy. Truly, I mean. I’m really jealous,” she continued.</p>

      <p>Only I could hear those murmured remarks. Her soft, clear voice sent a chill up my spine. She furrowed her beautiful brow, her covetous expression driving home the fact that she did indeed envy me. The angle was such that only I could see her face. Consequently, the three guys just stood by and watched.</p>

      <p>“Must be nice. No, really, must be nice. It must be sooo nice...” she muttered.</p>

      <p>I wondered if she was putting a curse on me or something. All I could do was endure as her comely lips kept on murmuring what I might call a hex.</p>

      <p>“What’s the matter, milady?” asked one of the guys, impatient. “I know...you saw something with those eyes of yours, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>At that, her expression instantly shifted. Her mad envy disappeared, replaced by a doll-like blankness. Then she put on a smile and looked back at her entourage. “Yes, something like that,” she said innocently, as though that muttered malediction-of-sorts had never happened.</p>

      <p>“Is that so? Does the boy possess some intriguing skill, then?”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not it. It seems our friend is poisoned, and his stamina’s running low. So I thought I’d heal him.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?” I blurted out. I had <em>not</em> been expecting <em>that</em>. As if suddenly basking in the sun, blood started flowing through my ice-cold body.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I see. So that’s all there is to it.”</p>

      <p>“Now, allow this kindhearted lady to cure what ails you!” she said, facing me again and starting her incantation: “Sing thou to the soothing light of day. To illusion the waters cascade, the blood ne’er to return. Shroud thou heaven and earth...”</p>

      <p>Soft, pure-white light spilled from her hands and enveloped my body. The pain and fatigue that was racking me subsided, and my body started feeling light again, as if none of my misadventures up until now had actually transpired. I couldn’t do anything but watch her magic take effect. As long as the spell she was casting on me was healing magic, I had no reason to resist.</p>

      <p>“<em>Full Cure</em>! Ta-da. You’re good to go.” She stopped emitting her healing light and flashed me a grin in which I detected no hint of envy. She then gave me an even more intense once-over. “Looky here. Hmm... Huh. Wow. So ‘confusion’ isn’t a bad status effect, then. You really are intriguing. Oh, but the burn will leave a scar. Treatment came too late for that.” She nodded admiringly.</p>

      <p>She’d mentioned my “confusion” status. I checked my menu.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 51/51</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 1/72</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS:</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 1</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 1.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 1.03</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 1.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 2.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 4.00 </code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 2.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 1.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The “blood loss” and “poison” conditions were gone, leaving only “confusion.” Could she, too, see menus? Maybe it wasn’t the same as my power, but at the very least, she could sense my “confusion” condition in some way.</p>

      <p>She chuckled and spoke so only I could hear, with a glib buddy-buddy tone that stuck to me. “I’ll be seeing you, Aikawa Kanami. Oh, and my name’s Lastiara. Don’t forget.”</p>

      <p>“Did something happen, milady?” The guys drew closer once they saw the healing magic had been completed.</p>

      <p>“No, nothing. Hnn, it sure feels good to give a helping hand! Now, let’s be on our way! Off to the depths. No time to waste!”</p>

      <p>The girl named Lastiara had reverted to the more polite register of speech and walked away as if to tell me she had nothing else to say to me.</p>

      <p>“Uh,” I said on the spur of the moment, “thank you so much.”</p>

      <p>She smiled like a predator with its eyes on its prey. “It’s quite all right. I’ll have you return the favor sooner or later.” Needless to say, her grin was angled such that only I could see it.</p>

      <p>“See ya, lad. Be careful out there.”</p>

      <p>“I advise that you head straight home!”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>The guys smiled as they offered their warnings. I didn’t sense any of Lastiara’s battiness in them. Their smiles were born of the sense of security and achievement they got from rescuing the weak.</p>

      <p>I aimed to part ways with <em>her</em> as quickly as possible, though. “Understood. Thank you for helping me. I’ll be going now.”</p>

      <p>I proceeded in the opposite direction from them on the well-maintained path—the “Pathway Proper.” The guys waved goodbye, suspecting nothing. In all likelihood, the way I was going was the way out, which I wanted. I forced a smile and walked away from the silver-armored group. Or more accurately, I ran away from the girl named Lastiara.</p>

      <p>Even as I parted ways with her, she was staring fixedly at me. The chill that crept down my spine wouldn’t disappear, even after leaving her.</p>

      <p>As I distanced myself from them at a quick pace, I thought to myself that if I were to focus only on the end result of our meeting, I’d have to conclude that they were a group of good-natured people. Since my first encounter with other people here had led to a leg wound and my being used as a decoy, that was where my mind tended to go. But mostly due to that Lastiara girl, an uneasiness I couldn’t put into words remained within me.</p>

      <p>I decided to do as the good-natured group had told me and walked boldly down the Pathway Proper. I soon passed by the pair of women, but they didn’t have anything to say to me. I considered asking them if I was indeed walking away from the Dungeon, but I ended up not doing so. I could see for myself the way foot traffic was flowing.</p>

      <p>I passed by a variety of groups on the way. Some people sized me up, but nothing of particular note happened. After walking for under an hour, I finally reached the exit.</p>

      <p>“Yes! I <em>did</em> it!”</p>

      <p>The light of the sun burned my eyes. The gentle breeze felt pleasantly warm, and the clear air’s fragrance blew the Dungeon’s bouquet of smells out of the water. With that, I could truly believe I’d made it above ground. I expressed my jubilation through my whole body.</p>

      <p>Then, a man who looked in fine form called out to me. “Whoa there, bud. Dramatic much?” He was smiling. He looked friendly, but I turned stiff when I noticed the deathbringer—the sword sheathed at his waist.</p>

      <p>I didn’t sense any hostility from him, though. Seeing as he was standing at attention in front of the exit, it was very likely he was a guard or sentinel. His attire was formal and wouldn’t be out of place on someone in security.</p>

      <p>I put a damper on that train of thought and reined in my mirth. Then I spoke gently to him. “Well, I’ve been through a lot today.” I chose my words so as not to ruffle any feathers and waited to see how that landed.</p>

      <p>“Heh, well, you do look pretty beat up, kid. You made it right before the hour the water supply’s cut off, so you can still use it.” He pointed with his thumb at a faraway point.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. I’ll be back.” I bowed, inwardly jumping with joy at the words “water supply.”</p>

      <p>“It’s my job. No need to thank me!”</p>

      <p>I started walking in the direction he had pointed.</p>

      <p>The man had said that conversation was his job. I didn’t know whether it was public work or something, but chances were good people in that profession would come in handy for me.</p>

      <p>I walked for a few moments and soon I found the well. I was disappointed—it wasn’t like the modern well I’d been picturing. Yet there was no denying it would help me out. It worked via the same mechanism the wells in my world did, so it didn’t take much time or effort to draw the water. I filled up the leather bag inside my inventory with it, then washed my clothes. By wiping the mud off with a wet cloth, I got decently clean in my eyes. I wasn’t sure whether I ought to wash my blade, but the smell was distracting, so I rinsed it anyway.</p>

      <p>As I did my washing, I thought about the man from before. There wasn’t much pedestrian traffic to speak of, so the danger of being overheard was probably low. Judging by both his looks and character, he wasn’t a bad person. If I wanted to quickly come by information, he’d be useful for sure.</p>

      <p>After running simulations of our conversation beforehand, I approached him, acting casual. “<em>Phew</em>, I’m feeling a bit better now. You were a huge help!”</p>

      <p>“Yep. Here in the north’s the only place with water service at the entrance to the Dungeon. Good ol’ Whoseyards.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, really? Other places don’t have it?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s a country of knights and all. Must be ’cause it’s got the most money outta all five of the countries by the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p><em>Man, you can’t be throwing words like that at me like it’s normal.</em></p>

      <p>To be frank, I wanted to talk to him about modern times. Which is to say, about the world that was formerly home. But I now knew this to be a world of swords and sorcery. The likelihood of him understanding me was slim. He’d probably just think me suspicious. This wasn’t yet the stage where I could risk it all.</p>

      <p>I decided to pretend to know what he was talking about and extract more information. “Does Whoseyards use all that money in other ways too?”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah. It’s got tons of facilities built expressly for the Dungeon. What, kid, is this your first time in the country?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, it’s my first time.”</p>

      <p>“Makes sense. Traveling between the five nations is easier these days.”</p>

      <p>“If there’s a place I can learn all about this country, could you tell me about it?”</p>

      <p>“Well, you probably wanna walk a straight line from here and get to the central plaza. There’s a signboard there. Then, you oughta go to the National Library or the brokerage office and look stuff up. Once you’re used to the place, you should probably hit up guilds and churches and the like too.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Thank you very much.” I bowed my head deeply in gratitude.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. It’s my job,” he said, sheepishly scratching his cheek. “Real men don’t demand thanks.”</p>

      <p>It didn’t seem as though I could stretch this conversation out any further. Maybe I’d get another chance to speak with this man who had so graciously helped me. I chose to leave before he decided something was fishy.</p>

      <p>“See you.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, see ya.”</p>

      <p>I waved goodbye and headed straight for the central plaza. After walking some distance, I looked behind me and saw the full picture of the Dungeon. It was, in truth, a colossal and wondrously strange ruin. At its center stood an enormous tree that pierced the heavens, a worn down structure stuck to its base. Uncannily, the giant tree’s boughs were decorated with clouded gems, looking like a rainbow of flowers from afar. Said ornaments were so massive that they were warped in shape. Maybe those unnatural-looking decorations housed spaces inside them, and those spaces were also part of the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>Before the sight of an entity that could only exist in flights of fancy, I stood there, overwhelmed. It felt like the gargantuan Dungeon had a mind and a will of its own, and it was peering down on me. That was how stately it felt. The pressure was intense.</p>

      <p>At the same time, I felt a curious affinity for it. It was an odd sense of foreboding, like I’d known this Dungeon for ages and that it would obviously be part of my life going forward.</p>

      <p>I shook my head and cleared it of that sensation. Turning my back on the ruin, I walked forward, because it felt like if I didn’t, the Dungeon would swallow me up anew. I paced quickly away, all the while relishing the joy of escaping.</p>

      <p>I’d never seen this world before, but I didn’t get lost. The roads were surprisingly well-ordered. One would never have expected them to be so lovely and perfectly planned, given the archaic attire the people were wearing. The edges of the roads were lined with an alluring mineral that seemed to be some kind of precious gemstone. The same was true for the Pathway Proper; the gemstone lines just stretched on and on without interruption. Perhaps in this world, gems and jewels weren’t considered particularly precious or valuable.</p>

      <p>I kept walking down that fantastical road, and eventually rows of buildings came into view. They were diverse, some made of brick, others of wood, still others of different materials. The scenery looked more or less identical to what you’d find in your traditional RPG town. The culture skewed Western, and the time period felt medieval for the most part. The people walking around town seemed lively and spirited, and they too were diverse. There were those who wore nothing but a cloth like a smock, and those who clinked and clanked down the street in heavy steel armor. Public spaces were chock-full of people of all skin colors, and I even spotted the occasional animal-person—half-human hybrids, so to speak. There were those with sharp fangs bared, those with long ears, those with fluffy tails or beautiful feathers... The city was a melting pot of fairy-tale races.</p>

      <p>It felt like common sense and pure lunacy were being noisily ground into a pulpy melange. And I could hear the scraping sound of something important to me eroding away. There were so many people, but I felt utterly alone. There was so much space, but I was assailed by a siege mentality. The sense of isolation was crushing. The despair felt like when I had gotten lost in the department store when I was a little kid—the feeling the world was ending.</p>

      <p>Without a doubt, this was not a world I had ever been in. The spectacle before my eyes seared that merciless truth into me. I grew dizzy, the sensation throwing off my balance. My legs gave out. Although I didn’t want to admit it, I couldn’t deny the reality in front of me. For indeed, the frightening truth was that this place was surely...<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The following skill has activated: ???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Ah...”</p>

      <p>That notification again. I watched it come and go, my state of mind calm and quiet. My symptoms were just as described: in exchange for my fretfulness and unease, I had obtained a clear head. I had my misgivings regarding the ??? skill, but I concluded it was saving my neck at the moment. Without this composure, I might be in the stomach of a giant wolf right now.</p>

      <p>Once again, I surveyed my surroundings. There wasn’t a single person I recognized or a single building I was familiar with. This fantasy world was vivid, realistic, and far too huge. The grand vista was right out of a picture book and underscored the fact it wasn’t my world. This wasn’t some practical joke or an attraction in a foreign country or an underdeveloped area on Earth. That sort of wishful thinking was rapidly deteriorating.</p>

      <p><em>Argh, but it’s no use.</em></p>

      <p>What was more important to focus on now was “if that’s how it is, then what do I do?” If I just stood there stupefied, I’d gain nothing, so I assembled a short-term plan of action in my head.</p>

      <p>“First things first: the signboard.”</p>

      <p>I slapped my cheeks to psych myself up, then walked the streets with an expression I hoped said, “I’m supposed to be here.” Thankfully, my outfit didn’t make me stand out. There were plenty of adventurers in town sporting swords and cloaks.</p>

      <p>After a few minutes, I found the central square. It was around as big as a dome stadium, with fountains, stone benches, and more. A large signboard stood in the center, but no one was looking at it. In fact, there was nary a soul in the square. It could be this area of land was maintained for official events, and it was treated as just another street the rest of the time.</p>

      <p>A number of giant maps were displayed on the signboard, and the nation’s history was written there as well. Beside it stood an impressive statue. Maybe it was something akin to a commemorative monument for the country. I drank in the contents of the signboard, hoping to absorb it all. According to it, this whole country was <em>for</em> the Dungeon. To be exact, it was a member of an alliance of five nations that believed in the same religion and followed its teachings. They surrounded the enormous Dungeon, and they were trying to “win” it. Religious tradition said that by overcoming the Dungeon’s trials and reaching the hundredth and final floor, one could grant any wish they desired.</p>

      <p>It was a win condition. It seemed almost tailor-made for my predicament. I guess the world was telling me to make it down to the hundredth floor if I wanted to get back.</p>

      <p>I continued reading. The country I was in, called “Whoseyards,” was situated north of the Dungeon. An aristocratic society at its core, the people of this nation prized chivalry, considering their ancestors to be knights of renown.</p>

      <p>One of the maps pinpointed where exactly in Whoseyards I was. The state was split into one hundred separate domains, each with a number assigned to it. The custom was that the smaller the number, the higher the class of the people living there. I’d found myself in #21. If I were to move toward #22, I’d find the shopping district, and if I returned to #20, I’d find public bodies such as the brokerage office. I referred to that info and headed toward #20, where there was a library.</p>

      <p>The library was built where it could stand out as a symbol of the neighborhood, so I didn’t get lost on my way there. I concealed my anxiety and entered the building. The attendant looked me over for a second but didn’t stop me.</p>

      <p>Architecturally, it was a spacious Western-style building made of wood. It was very quiet, and didn’t seem any different from the libraries I knew. I picked out some books I thought might come in handy and sat down at one of the available tables. I spread out the books before me, but I had to question the idea of actually reading them. More precisely, a thought that I’d been turning away from until now bubbled up to the surface.</p>

      <p>“Why am I able to read these moonrunes, anyway?” I muttered to myself.</p>

      <p>In response, people who’d been reading quietly looked up at me.</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” I said under my breath, bowing my head in apology.</p>

      <p>They lost interest and turned their attention back to their own texts. Honestly, it was weird that my apology actually registered with them. Among the people who’d looked my way were a blond white person and someone with fleecy animal ears. It was a safe bet these people weren’t studying Japanese or anything. How had they understood what I’d said?</p>

      <p>Then there was the book I’d cracked open. Upon closer inspection, it was filled with bizarre letters that were neither English nor Japanese. Yet I’d deemed it ideal for learning more about this world and picked it up for that reason. My Japanese was being translated into a strange tongue, and that strange tongue was being translated into Japanese for me. The words I spoke substituted for my convenience.</p>

      <p>I could perhaps just chalk it up to magic. But if I’d tried such a thing in my world, I’d have needed some sort of brain surgery first. My brain would be tampered with, my memories and personality added to and subtracted from.</p>

      <p><em>Damn, that’s... That’s way too scary to think about...</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The following skill has activated: ???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Urgh... Not again...</em></p>

      <p>My muddy maelstrom of fear vanished into thin air, and I regained my composure. While I certainly had the ??? skill to thank for saving me, I also had a bad feeling about it. I understood its trigger condition hinged on my mental state. I had to tamp down on my thought patterns and keep myself from being ruled by strong emotions. I took a deep breath and became <em>calm</em>.</p>

      <p>I know. It was, of course, not your normal everyday calm. It was an abnormal calm. In fact, it was possible this calm wasn’t even a good thing. Maybe it was something else entirely. My apprehension remained, but for the time being, I had no choice but to rely on it.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t stop my confusion condition from increasing. One look at my menu made that abundantly clear:<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 51/51</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 1/72</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS:</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 1</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 1.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 1.03</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 1.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 2.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 4.00 </code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 2.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 3.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>But belying my supposed “confusion,” my head was perfectly clear. Perhaps the ??? skill actively negated it. But the fact that my confusion condition was not only still there but had gotten up to 3.00 scared me. That one string of text stirred my anxiety.</p>

      <p>It was very worrying, but thinking about it any more than I already had would get me nowhere. All I could do now was hit the books and move forward. Learning more about this world, this country, this culture, and the Dungeon would get me closer to a solution. And so, for as long as I could, I immersed myself in the realm of print.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>