<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“R-Right. Well, off we go, I guess. I’ll keep detecting enemies, so let’s stay quiet. Also, if we end up in some unforeseen situation, listen to what I say, okay? No firing magic without my say so.”</p>

      <p>As I cautioned him not to spontaneously discharge his spell, I expanded <em>Dimension</em>.</p>

      <p>“Okay, I’ll follow your instructions. Looks like if I do as you say, we can’t go wrong,” he readily agreed. Evidently, he’d placed a significant measure of trust in me.</p>

      <p>I checked our EXP and MP counts as I shifted back to enemy detection mode. Dia had dealt the finishing blow, but we shared the EXP gains. I’d expended about 5 MP for both the enemy detection and combat, while Dia had spent around 3 MP.</p>

      <p><em>Damn, Dia, you are NO joke. </em>His magic was the epitome of low cost, high power. That laser alone almost definitely exceeded the quantity of heat a human body could possess, and that scared me. He was more than skirting the law of conservation of mass—he was straight up ignoring it.</p>

      <p>“Ah, if we round that corner, we’ll get an encounter.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>I’d detected a large monster using <em>Dimension</em>. My menu-sight told me its name and rank, which I checked against the information I had. After simulating the battle in my head, we faced off against the creature, which was spiderlike in shape. Yet, if we performed the same process as the last battle, we could crush it without incurring any risk. Sure enough, a hole was blazed through the monstrous spider’s body, and it shone as it faded away into pure light.</p>

      <p>“Nice! I shredded it again!”</p>

      <p>“That was quick...”</p>

      <p>It was so easy, I had half a mind to think of my past self, who’d been so afraid of the Dungeon, as a fool. Since I was using a <em>Dimension </em>spell that was modified for battle, I didn’t think I’d ever take a hit. Putting it into video game terms, I guessed it was like getting a dexterity buff, granting substantial bonuses to my accuracy and evasion.</p>

      <p>Dia’s <em>Flame Arrow</em> was not only overkill in the firepower department, it was so fast that it always hit its target. I forestalled the enemy with the help of my radar and got it into the optimal position. If it didn’t notice Dia, his <em>Flame Arrow</em> summarily sniped it, reducing it to smithereens. Even if he somehow missed, I was positioned diagonally away from both the enemy and the gun battery that was Dia, so the monster couldn’t reach him. The only break point in our strategy that I could think of was my potentially engaging in close-quarters combat too slowly. But now that I was Level 4, I didn’t feel as though the enemy was capable of taking me by surprise. Perhaps that was due to the level gap.</p>

      <p>Single-monster encounter after single-monster encounter, we continued mowing them down.</p>

      <p>“That’s another we were able to take down unscathed.”</p>

      <p>“Sieg, is the Dungeon really this <em>easy</em> as long as you’ve got a party?”</p>

      <p>Dia had been overjoyed at first, but after seeing what a one-sided slaughter this dive was turning out to be, he expressed his puzzlement.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s hardly <em>easy</em>. Loads of people have died on Floor 1. And if what the divers at the pub said is true, then we’re the exception, not the rule.”</p>

      <p>“So you mean we’re just really strong?”</p>

      <p>It was true; given that Dia was still Level 1, his magic packed way too much of a wallop, and that was one reason we were gliding down easy street. However, if I praised him <em>too</em> much, I’d lose my leverage as someone useful to him. I wanted a long and fruitful partnership here.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, and you’ve got a talent for magic.”</p>

      <p>“Really? Then tha—”</p>

      <p>“But I think our compatibility’s got even more to do with it.”</p>

      <p>“Our compatibility?”</p>

      <p>It was no lie. Our teamwork was ultimately removing any weak point in our tactics.</p>

      <p>“We got this far because I’m a magic user with a skill specialized for enemy detection.”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, you’ve been finding monster after monster in the darkness! And from super far away too!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ve actually been using magic to do it. That’s why the monsters haven’t been getting the drop on us. I’m making sure they can’t target you, our gunner mage. We commence combat only once you’re in a good position. Since you need time to prepare your shot, I’m covering for you flawlessly. That’s our pattern for setting up battles so that we can’t lose.”</p>

      <p>“It’s true; back when I fought alone, the monsters would always spot me first, and I never had time to cast my spells. But how are you detecting the enemies in the first place? I’ve never heard of magic like that.”</p>

      <p>I was sure he’d understand if I told him. I could, if I wanted to, explain that I was using both my dimensional magic and menu-sight to find enemies without letting any slip past my notice. However, my info-gathering over the past few days had told me that no one had even heard of dimensional magic, to say nothing of my menu-sight. These were abilities that only I possessed. I hated the idea of opening a can of worms by letting those secrets out, and above all, I was too much of a coward to freely disclose much of anything about myself.</p>

      <p>“It’s an old spell passed down in my homeland. It’s a secret technique, so I can’t go into detail about it, but it has the power to detect monsters.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. So it’s a rare skill, huh?”</p>

      <p>That was explanation enough for Dia. After all, for those who engaged in rough stuff as their line of work, keeping their cards close to the vest was a matter of course. Maybe he didn’t pry further because he understood that.</p>

      <p>“It does drain my MP fast, though. To tell you the truth, I get a hundred times more worn out than you do.”</p>

      <p>“Makes sense. You’re using magic all the time, even when you’re not fighting. And when it’s time to fight, you lure the monsters into position,” he mused apologetically.</p>

      <p><em>Good. I managed to pitch my power to him, and I’ve got him feeling indebted to me.</em> “Don’t worry, I’ll tell you if I’m running low on MP. Which will be soon, I think. And I can’t stay too long in the Dungeon in the first place. I gotta get to my shift at the pub, so it’s decent timing.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. How about we go just a little deeper and beat a strong-looking one, then?”</p>

      <p>“I’m down. I asked around the pub about enemy placement, so I know what direction we’ll find strong ones in.”</p>

      <p>“Awesome! Let’s go!”</p>

      <p>My menu-sight clued me in on enemy ranks. As such, I had considered the possibility that we’d bump into a monster we couldn’t manage, but had determined that probability to be quite low, so I readily agreed to Dia’s suggestion.</p>

      <p>Thus, we continued our string of deliberate curb-stomp battles and ventured deeper into the Dungeon, never tiring of hunting monsters until the sun reached high noon.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Around the thirty-monsters-defeated mark, my MP had gotten low.</p>

      <p>“Ah, damn, I can’t keep my magic going for much longer.”</p>

      <p>“What, already?”</p>

      <p>It was nearly noon. As we’d been engaging in battle after battle for several hours straight, we’d soon be unable to continue exploring.</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna exit the Dungeon. What’ll you do?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, uhh, I dunno. You don’t wanna keep being advance guard for me without your monster detection...do you?”</p>

      <p><em>That’s a big fat no! </em>I wanted to yell at him, but I kept it nice and gentle. “Err, well, I don’t think that’ll be very efficient, as it’ll increase the probability we get hurt. I was actually using magic during combat too, so I’ll also be weaker than normal for close-quarters combat.”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, you used magic and your sword at the <em>same time</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. It’s an old method of applying the magic. It allows me to hone my senses.”</p>

      <p>“So you’ve been using magic this entire time, huh? I thought you were a swordfighter, with how fast you are! So I guess you’re actually a magic user first?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. And now that I’m out of MP, I’m just a liability.”</p>

      <p>In reality, I just didn’t want to fight while I had no MP. I didn’t want to create opportunities where I couldn’t defend Dia. Without magic, felling monsters would consume a great deal of time and stamina. And the more time this took, the more likely some unexpected situation would be triggered. The more chances I gave the enemy to attack, the easier it became to fall into a state of affairs whereby we were rendered unable to defend ourselves due to the enemy’s special abilities. It’d be a deadly struggle without any benefit.</p>

      <p>“All right, I gotcha. I’ll escort you outside and then go it alone.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on, go it <em>alone</em>? W-Wait a sec, Dia!”</p>

      <p>Dia was trying to rush in the opposite direction of what I wanted from him. How brash from a gun battery of a mage like him! And who would his death inconvenience? Me!</p>

      <p>“Dia, don’t tell me you’re planning to dive the Dungeon <em>by yourself</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I do. I’ve got time, and I’ve been going it alone until today. It’ll be just like always.”</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh, and how many monsters have you beaten before today?”</p>

      <p>He faltered. “Ack...”</p>

      <p>“If you can take down monsters by yourself, then I won’t say anything.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh...I’ve won before.” He avoided my gaze and began fidgeting.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I believe you. But how many times have you ‘won’? You’ve been tackling the Dungeon for ages, right? So how many monsters have you taken down by yourself before today?”</p>

      <p>“One. One monster...”</p>

      <p>“Please don’t,” I replied immediately. “I’d be worried sick.”</p>

      <p>Perhaps it’s a harsh way to put it, but I couldn’t afford to lose the collaborator I’d gone to all this trouble for.</p>

      <p>“But you saw how many I was able to beat today! I think I’ve got a feel for it now!”</p>

      <p>“You just took them down using your magic, that’s all! You haven’t been able to beat any monsters up till now because you can’t fire spells by yourself, remember? And you ought to know that better than anyone, right?”</p>

      <p>“But I’ve got my blade!”</p>

      <p>“You can’t take ’em down <em>because</em> that blade’s not working on ’em!”</p>

      <p>I could see Dia’s stats. I knew him better than he did. He was practically made for magic. Him using a sword would be a pointless waste.</p>

      <p>“But I’ve got no time,” muttered Dia, his expression serious. “I need power, and I need money...as quickly as possible.”</p>

      <p>The stubborn, strong will behind those words was giving me a headache.</p>

      <p>“You can swing that sword around all day long and it won’t take down any monsters. If you could use magic more easily, I’d understand. If you could cast spells without help, I wouldn’t mind. But that’s just not how it is, is it?”</p>

      <p>“No, I <em>refuse</em> to rely on magic. I couldn’t help but use magic today, but I wanna get stronger with the blade. Fighting with my sword is my dream. That’s why I wanna train with it...”</p>

      <p>I wanted to tell him he had no talent with the blade and to focus solely on magic. But I resisted the urge to break his heart like that, and I delivered my next words gently. “But <em>why</em> the blade? If it’s money and power you want, you should hone your magic and take down loads of monsters. Then you’d attain success and earn money while you’re at it.”</p>

      <p>“That may be true. And yet...I refuse to use anything but the sword!”</p>

      <p>To say Dia was thinking rationally would be charitable, at best. He was obsessed with the blade on an emotional basis. Talking him out of it would be impossible; our bond wasn’t deep enough yet.</p>

      <p>“No matter what?”</p>

      <p>“No matter what.”</p>

      <p>I scratched my head and checked his stats. He had more than enough EXP to level up, and his HP had somewhat decreased.</p>

      <p>“Okay. If you wanna use the sword no matter what, I won’t stop you. I mean, if you can use both a sword and magic, that can only help. That said, I want you to be fully prepared, so let’s leave the Dungeon and take a breather for now.”</p>

      <p>Dia looked surprised. “S-Sure. Got it.”</p>

      <p>“Something wrong?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing, it’s just...I didn’t think I’d actually manage to get you on board. Nobody’s ever told me that my using a sword was a good idea.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, Dia was truly useless with a blade. I’d been playing the role of advance guard, so I never saw his pathetic sword skills for myself, but evidently it was so bad that anybody who watched him felt compelled to warn him to stop using it.</p>

      <p>“Well...let’s just say I understand how you feel.”</p>

      <p>“You do?”</p>

      <p>When I played video games, swords were often my weapon of choice as well. Swords hold a certain amount of charm for boys, and characters who use swords tend to be the protagonists of tales set in fictional worlds like these. It was just like a kid to want to be the hero of their story, so I understood his desire to use one, however futile that desire proved to be.</p>

      <p>In truth, I only wanted Dia to fight using magic. But if I tried to force him, I’d end up alienating him. Maybe that sort of underhanded calculation was part of the reason my tone grew more conciliatory.</p>

      <p>“Th-Thank you, Sieg.” He scratched his blushing cheek bashfully.</p>

      <p>I blushed too. His red cheeks looked nice next to his blond hair. I couldn’t see “him” as anything but a gorgeous young girl, mannerisms included. I suspected “he” was, in fact, a girl, but I put the brakes on that train of thought. I saw nothing in it for me if I got to the bottom of it. If it wound up decreasing how much he liked me, it’d mean all that time I spent making him like me would come to nothing. As such, I resolved never to grill him about his sex or gender. To me, he was an ally for clearing the Dungeon. Nothing more, nothing less.</p>

      <p>I used the remainder of my MP to dodge our enemies, and we made our way out of the Dungeon, discussing the items the monsters had dropped along the way.</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah,” I said, “how are we gonna divvy up these magic gems?”</p>

      <p>“I saw party-members-wanted posters,” said Dia, “and I think almost all of them said they split things equally.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, then let’s do it fifty-fifty.”</p>

      <p>“But you’re more worn out, so maybe you should take more than me.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s not make it complicated. We helped each other, so we each get half. Keep it fifty-fifty, no matter what. Nice and simple, with no resentment.”</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh, gotcha.”</p>

      <p>I would have actually preferred <em>him</em> to take the larger share. I wanted him to eat and sleep well and to load up on good equipment and tools, et cetera. But fifty-fifty was reasonable for now.</p>

      <p>“Plus, once we’re back outside, try visiting a church.”</p>

      <p>“But I already went this morning.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, but given all those battles we just fought, you might have leveled up since. We should probably hit the church a ton while we’re still lower-level.”</p>

      <p>I encouraged him to go because I knew for a fact he would level up. I also advised him to pick up a set of equipment and tools, and to shape up physically as well. Finally, I recommended that he refrain from entering the Dungeon alone, and suggested he team up with a party or someone besides me. If he leveled up to Level 2 or showed off the magic gems he had obtained in the Dungeon, we might just find more allies.</p>

      <p>“Okay, okay, I get it,” he said, looking sour from all my nagging. “You’re thinking about all sorts of stuff for me. But you can’t hit me with all this stuff all at once.”</p>

      <p>“Everything I just said is the bare minimum if you wanna do another dive.”</p>

      <p>Thankfully, it seemed he had sensed that every little thing I’d mentioned was all to make sure he didn’t get himself killed. While he looked less than enthused about it, he still heard me out earnestly.</p>

      <p>Afterward, I continued looking after Dia up until it was time to work. I couldn’t help him in the Dungeon without any MP left, but everything I could think to do to keep Dia alive, I did. If I’d been thinking purely in terms of personal gain, that was doubtless going overboard. While Dia was an invaluable resource to me, it was putting the cart before the horse to cut into the time I needed for myself, and I wasn’t unaware of that. It was simple—I’d grown attached. If I considered things coldly, Dia was a tool for the using. And if it came down to it, it’d serve me to use him as a decoy, so I could live another day.</p>

      <p>But he was also the first person my age I’d formed a connection with in this world. More than anything, we’d explored the Dungeon and overcome the same dangers as a party, and I felt an affinity for him. It wouldn’t be a stretch to call him my first <em>friend</em> here. For better or worse, I’d found a foothold in this alien world.</p>

      <p>For better or worse...</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>