<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: Dungeon in Another World</h1>

      <p class="centerp"><code>【SUMMON】: Welcome back, Aikawa Kanami.</code></p>

      <p>The white text floated in a patch of darkness not unlike a lake at night. That darkness, however, swallowed the message before I could finish reading it. I felt nothing as I watched it unfold, remaining in a daze. It hadn’t been enough to rouse my senses.</p>

      <p>No, it wasn’t anything I <em>saw</em> that jolted me back to consciousness. It was that <em>smell</em>. That nigh painful smell invading my nostrils even as I was assailed by an uncomfortable sensation of sludge inching up my throat.</p>

      <p>Spurred by those intolerable irritants, my eyes snapped wide open and were promptly assaulted by the sight of a black wall inlaid with blurry smears of white. It didn’t take much looking around to realize that “wall” was in fact the ceiling.</p>

      <p>I picked myself up and took in my surroundings. I had been lying on the floor of a stone corridor. There was no way light could penetrate this place; I had the dimly glowing stone walls to thank for being able to glean what information I could.</p>

      <p>Installed in a nook of the corridor was a small sort of altar, though it took me a fair bit of careful observation to recognize it as such, given it was close to crumbling from all the wear and tear of age. On top of the moss-ridden altar lay what remained of two candles, and there was what looked like an animal’s pelt offered up next to them. The pelt had an old-timey arrow stuck through it.</p>

      <p>The words dribbled out from inside my throat as though somebody were smoking them out of me. “Wha... What is this? I don’t understand... It’s so creepy...”</p>

      <p>My heart started racing, nearly bursting inside my chest. It was just as I’d squeaked out—I was dumbfounded. I had no grasp of my situation whatsoever.</p>

      <p><em>Wait</em>, I thought to myself, <em>didn’t I go to sleep in my bed at home as usual?</em></p>

      <p>Yet there was no warm bed to be seen here—no loud mechanical alarm clock, no sunlight bleeding through the curtains, no light bulbs to illuminate anything. Before me was only the dirty, cold stone floor, the freaky dim lighting provided by the stone, and the horrid nose-scrunching stench. Nothing was familiar, and nothing was pleasant.</p>

      <p>I groaned, putting a hand to my mouth as I waited for the urge to vomit to subside, but a distant roar prevented me from taking a moment for myself.</p>

      <p>“GRAAAAHHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>Something told me this was not the bellow of a rational creature. Its doleful bloodlust nearly made me jump out of my skin.</p>

      <p>“Is... Is that <em>howling</em>? Wait, hold on! You’ve gotta be kidding me!”</p>

      <p>I hadn’t the foggiest what was happening. I couldn’t even comprehend the words spilling out of my own mouth. Bewildered and off-balance, I ran in the direction opposite the growling and howling, rushing down the corridor, its stone path glowing softly, eerily, creepily. No matter how many twists and turns it took me down, the scenery stayed the same, and as panicked and fretful as that made me, still I ran.</p>

      <p>Soon, my ears were met with a disgusting splat, and I found I had stepped on something hard to the touch. I looked under my sneaker and saw a bug the size of a fist crushed and chittering in its death throes. I yelped at the grisly scene. I wasn’t particularly scared of bugs, but in the concrete jungle I grew up in, I had never encountered an insect of such massive proportions. The revulsion was visceral.</p>

      <p>The dying bug screeched; it almost sounded like it was crying for help. I stood there, horrified, but then I looked up, my eyes landing on the next turn in the path, from behind which a man-sized insect was peeking out. Its gargantuan frame beggared all common sense. Its shrill chittering was cacophonous, its angular bug appendages in constant motion. At a glance, it resembled a stag beetle, yet its twin hornlike protuberances chipped away at my sanity.</p>

      <p>At this point, I was a mess of exclamation points and question marks. I couldn’t even make a peep, assuming it would provoke the monster and spell my end. So I turned on my heels and ran in the other direction. I ran and ran, never looking behind me. I didn’t choose what path to take; I just let my instincts take the reins—pulling away from that monster was my sole driving force.</p>

      <p>I sprinted until my stamina gave out, and I started slowing down. I tried to catch my breath, and that restored a modicum of composure.</p>

      <p>“Wraaahh!” The incensed beast’s roar echoed. It sounded closer this time. Idiotically, I had run right back to the place I had first come from. The blood drained from my face, and I froze. But thanks to my drawing closer to the beast’s howls, I could pick up other noises as well—specifically, the sound of people talking.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t make out what they were saying, but as if guided by an invisible light, I began walking in the direction of their voices. The slow-moving gears in my head craved the company of others. The company of my fellow human beings. I was also drawing closer to the cries of the monster in the process, but at least I could start to discern what the voices were shouting.</p>

      <p>“Back away from it!” a man cried to his nearby comrades. “Back away, and buy time!”</p>

      <p>They were right out of a fairy tale. For one, their attire was far from normal. One wielded a wooden bow and wore leather armor of the kind you’d never see outside of a museum. Another was waving around a plain-looking greatsword with all his might. And a third was shooting fire from her entirely nonmechanical wooden wand. None hailed from any reality I recognized.</p>

      <p>What’s more, they were jockeying around an enormous wolf over three meters tall in the middle of the corridor. I wasn’t brave enough to jump into the fray. All I could do was stand still a distance away and watch.</p>

      <p>The man who had the air of a leader pointed at the warrior brandishing the greatsword. “If we can buy enough time, it’ll all work out! Stand firm!”</p>

      <p>The swordsman held his greatsword aloft and attempted to strike the wolf, which reacted by tackling him with unnerving speed, sending him hurtling toward the other end of the corridor like a rubber ball. The beast next laid its eyes on the woman holding the wand. The others formed ranks to protect her.</p>

      <p>“Regroup! Strike where it leaves itself open!”</p>

      <p>On those orders, they backed away from the wolf, leaving me the closest human to it on the battlefield. This presented both a good opportunity and a clear and present danger. I was frightened and confused. If I’d been able to calmly analyze my situation, I could have simply hidden somewhere. But all I could do was stand there in a stupor. Then, my eyes met those of the leader guy, who was wielding a rapier.</p>

      <p>“Wha... Who are <em>you?!</em>” he barked, surprise written all over his face.</p>

      <p>I snapped to my senses and immediately pleaded, “I, err, I got lost. P-Please, help me!”</p>

      <p>My legs were slowly taking me over to him. My words were halting, but even so, I had faith he would understand.</p>

      <p>“<em>Help</em> you? Are you insane?” His words were a knife of ice that gutted that faith.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>The man hadn’t even said no. His open contempt told me he viewed my plea as outrageous and out of the question. Of course, if I’d had my wits about me, I would’ve realized these people barely had their own situation in order. They weren’t in a position to spare me any mind, nor were they that type to begin with. I should’ve accounted for their equipment and weaponry, the ferocious monster, and the fact that their predicament was dangerous as hell.</p>

      <p>I didn’t, however, possess that level of clarity at the moment. And that’s what decided the outcome.</p>

      <p>“This is the Dungeon. Not to mention we’re outside the Admin Area. Weren’t you prepared for this going in, ya dumb kid?”</p>

      <p>His words stabbed me like a dagger. And then, his non-metaphorical sword came at me. A blazing heat flared in my thigh.</p>

      <p>“Arrrrrgh!” Seeing that I had been stabbed, I fell onto my backside.</p>

      <p>“We got a solo-er!” shouted the leader. “Everybody fall back! He’ll be our bait!”</p>

      <p>I had no clue what that meant. No—I didn’t want to acknowledge what it meant.</p>

      <p>The wand woman looked at me and passed by without a word. The warrior who had been blown away just looked at me coldly, as did the rest of the group. None of them said anything as they fled behind me, which meant that, naturally, the colossal wolf sprang straight toward <em>me</em>.</p>

      <p>I screamed, terrified, and attempted to leap away, but the stinging that ran through my leg wound caused me to tumble clumsily. Now that its other enemies had fallen back, the wolf approached its newest and closest prey. In its savage eyes and razor teeth, I could see my own gruesome demise.</p>

      <p>My head was swimming, a whirlpool of negative thoughts and feelings. My life and experiences flashed before my eyes.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The following skill has activated: ???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>A mysterious text display popped up in the corner of my eye. But that was the least of my worries. There was no way I could comprehend what that was about, yet my brain, belying the storm of emotions in my heart, started to become less hazy. The whirlpool of doom and despair in my head abated, the resentment ebbed away, and I was able to focus on a way out of these dire straits.</p>

      <p>My unmuddled mind selected the best course of action. Avoiding using my wounded left leg, I stood up with only my right. At that very instant, the wolf attacked. I leaped to the side and ran, but I was nowhere near fast enough to escape. As I passed by the beast, its claw rent the upper part of my right arm. A dolorous tingling gripped my arm, but I didn’t have time to lick my wounds.</p>

      <p>Just then, I heard one of the people who had moved to safety. “Good, right there! Now shoot! Block the way!”</p>

      <p>Chills. It was then I remembered the wolf wasn’t my true enemy. <em>Those bastards! They made me their decoy, turned tail, and now they’ve got the gall to do </em>this?!</p>

      <p>I looked behind me, fearing the worst, and saw an all-encompassing blast of flame heading my way. The wolf didn’t fail to notice it, but it was too late. It had sprung forward to bite me to death, and as such, it couldn’t avoid the wall of fire. Needless to say, I, too, lacked any means of escape. The fireball exploded with the wolf and me at its epicenter, igniting everything in its blast radius. I threw up my hands to protect my head and dropped to the ground as I jumped as far away as possible.</p>

      <p>A fiery shock wave slammed into my back, blowing me away. My whole body was scorched by flames as I was rocked by the excruciating sensation of being flayed alive. But I used that agony as a wake-up call and kept my cool. My hate and frustration were my vim and vigor.</p>

      <p>I’d been blasted to the ground, but soon I slowly opened my eyes and examined my surroundings. The fire that had engulfed the area was already gone, like magic. Yet a neat wall of flames blocked the path through which the others had escaped.</p>

      <p>“So... So tha...”</p>

      <p>The words “so that’s what they were scheming” died before they could come out; my burnt throat wasn’t working properly. My eyes, however, were functioning normally. With the path out of the corridor well and truly cut off, all that was left were the wolf and me.</p>

      <p>We got back to our feet, the both of us. The wolf was visibly weaker now, most likely because it had been mid pounce, effectively covering me, when the fireball struck. It also had more surface area to burn, so its wounds were even graver. It staggered, its breathing labored, but there was still fire in its eyes. Its will to fight hadn’t diminished in any way. It paced over to me as it howled, as if to say, “You should see how fearsome a wolf gets when it’s injured.”</p>

      <p>The wolf steeled its resolve, and I mine. By chance, I’d landed in a favorable position. Though the wolf probably couldn’t see it, a greatsword lay behind me. It was probably the sword the warrior from earlier had been using. If I could sneakily make use of it, I’d be opening up a chance of victory, albeit a tiny one.</p>

      <p>I turned my back to the wolf and ran with all my energy. The moment I about-faced, I saw the wolf pounce from the corner of my eye. Searing pain shot through my left thigh, and alarm bells blared in my head, but I ran regardless, forcing my now numb foot to pound the floor.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t pinpoint the right time to counterattack, nor could I accurately predict how the wolf would come at me. All the same, I picked up the greatsword with whatever strength I could muster and slashed at it as I turned to face it. The sword was so heavy that I couldn’t hold it up even using both hands, but I poured my might into the swing of the blade. It was all riding on this moment.</p>

      <p>With a fleshy, muffled stabbing sound, the greatsword sank into the wolf’s hide.</p>

      <p>“YES! Ah, urgh!”</p>

      <p>My joy was premature. With the sword still lodged in its neck, the wolf’s giant body bore down on me. I was able to narrowly avoid its fangs, but I couldn’t dodge its massive frame of over three meters. Its unbelievable weight crushed my body, and the contents of my stomach spewed out of my mouth.</p>

      <p>Even as its neck was being torn to shreds, the wolf was trying to extinguish my life in its jaws. It opened its maw wide in a bid to swallow my head, but I snapped myself back and dodged by wrenching my body to its absolute limit. Then I capitalized on the recoil by digging the sword even deeper into the dread beast.</p>

      <p>“You stupid goddamn—”</p>

      <p>I waved my arms as if expecting to fling its three-meter body to the curb. All that did was open up a small gap between us, but to me, in that moment, it was the greatest outcome I could have hoped for, allowing me to escape from beneath it. I let go of the sword and put some distance between the two of us before peeking back at it. It was no longer attempting to pursue me. I could sense that it wanted to push itself forward, but its battered body wasn’t cooperating. The beast’s blood spilled out profusely, its insides burned to cinders.</p>

      <p>Still, I couldn’t let my guard down. I continued observing the wolf from a distance, and that was when I noticed—its right eye had been destroyed by the fire, and arrows were stuck deep in its hind legs. The sword must have penetrated its respiratory tract, since the sound of its breathing had become a meager flute’s whistle.</p>

      <p>A word escaped my lips: “You...”</p>

      <p>The wolf doggedly dragged its mutilated form my way. To make doubly sure, I kept to the blind spot created by its burnt eye. It collapsed shortly thereafter. Its blood had pooled into a veritable lake, and it was only barely breathing. The instant it stopped breathing, it started emitting a faint emerald green light and faded away. The sword and arrows that had been stuck in the now nonexistent wolf clattered to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>That’s right.</p>

      <p>The thing had simply vanished, leaving no corpse behind. It had disappeared like it had only ever been a figment of my imagination. The only thing that remained in its wake was a shining green gem on the floor.</p>

      <p>Then, another text display box silently hit my retinas:<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Title gained: Dawn of Deep Green.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+0.10 to Str.</code></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>After slaying the wolf, I cautiously examined my surroundings. The situation I now found myself in felt unreal; by all rights, I should have been more discombobulated than before. Yet I was oddly calm, able to operate as if I was just ignoring the tide of confusion.</p>

      <p>I gathered what had been dropped in the wake of the fight against the wolf, pilfering the majority of stuff that seemed useful from the corpses, which must have been its prior victims. I didn’t feel guilty about it. For one, it was necessary, but even more salient was the fact that I had been numbed to feeling. Nothing ran through my head. I was merely doing my best to survive the day.</p>

      <p>The resources the bodies had on them were sundries indispensable for surviving this place. That was the cold calculus. I put on the equipment I stole piece by piece: leather gloves, a mantle, a leather bag about my waist. I inserted as many strangely shaped knives into the belt of my jeans as I could, and I carried a one-handed sword.</p>

      <p>As I purloined what I could from the corpses, I faced them and pressed my hands together in a prayer gesture. Lastly, I looked toward where the wolf had vanished. The greatsword that had been wielded during the battle was on the floor. I wanted to use it, but it was about twice the weight of the one-handed sword. Toting that thing around wasn’t realistic. No, what really caught my attention wasn’t the sword, but rather the shining green gemstone. There were many like it among the cadavers’ valuables as well. I had decided that if I tried taking them with me under the present circumstances, they’d just be dead weight—a liability that could spell my demise. So I’d refrained from placing any in my bag.</p>

      <p>The color of this particular gem, however, was quite similar to the hue of the wolf’s fur. Somewhere in the back of my mind, I put two and two together. Preposterous as it was, I was somewhat confident I was right: in this place, objects were left behind when one took out a monster, and this gem was no exception.</p>

      <p>It was a maudlin thought, but I figured maybe a strange kinship could have developed between me and the wolf. We’d both been attacked by those humans, after all. I picked up the stone and put it in my pocket.</p>

      <p>“All right, now what?”</p>

      <p>I’d done what I could up to that point. If some sort of hostile creature appeared, I had a means of counterattacking. Now I had to decide whether to wait there or to keep moving.</p>

      <p>The gash in my thigh was shallower than I’d thought. Most likely, my body had flinched away reflexively. However, while stanching the bleeding through pressure had made it somewhat better, merely walking still proved troublesome. Movement increased the bleeding, and it was a safe bet that I’d lose my stamina, which in turn threatened death. There could be no doubt that moving too much came with a serious risk to life and limb.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, waiting motionlessly was also a terrifying prospect. What I’d just gone through had been too frightening to make waiting for someone to save me a palatable idea. There were the monsters, but worst of all, the grim impact of having humans with whom I had pleaded for help simply cut me down had taken root in my heart. Even if I were to wait for someone, it was doubtful I could get whoever conveniently appeared to actually help me. So I chose to stay on the move.</p>

      <p>“Guess I’ll use this sword as a cane...” I leaned on my sword to see how it felt. It wasn’t terribly suited to being a walking stick.</p>

      <p>“If only I had better stuff. A better <em>tool</em>,” I said, as I scanned my vicinity once more.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【ITEMS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Empty</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Text displayed in midair met my eyes.</p>

      <p>“Huh? What the... Huh?”</p>

      <p>My confusion revved back up, as did my sensation of being unmoored from reality. A hoarse laughter came from my throat.</p>

      <p>The text was displayed in a clean textbox that seemed to float within arm’s reach, like garbage glued to my retinas. No matter where I looked, it refused to disappear, much like a pop-up in some video game. There was no doubt now—in this space, such textboxes were something I’d keep seeing. It was then that I knew.</p>

      <p>“Ha, ha ha... I mean, it’s just like...”</p>

      <p>It was just like a video game.</p>

      <p>I had low-key felt the words “video game” shaking in the back of my mind the whole time. There was the fantasy world. The Dungeon. The monsters—a giant insect, a giant wolf. The adventurers—the swordfighter, the archer, the flames of the mage. The way the slain shone upon dying. The shiny gem. The text message following a battle. The information menus and textboxes. Items in general. All common fixtures of video games.</p>

      <p>Everything felt upside down, topsy-turvy. It was so surreal that all the colors around me might as well have been inverted. But I accepted it. I accepted the video gameness. And accepting my new reality was comforting, in a way. If my sheer terror ebbed, that was enough for me. I still wanted to run, but I could feel my horizons getting wider and wider, like I was in a dream.</p>

      <p>“All right, if that’s the case, then first things first. Show me about me.” I figured it was worth a shot.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>【 S T A T S 】</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>N a m e ： K a n a m i A i k a w a </b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>H P : 4 / 5 1</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>M P : 7 2 / 7 2</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>C l a s s ：</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>L e v e l 1</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>S t r 1 . 1 1</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>V i t 1 . 0 3</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>D e x 1 . 0 1</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>A g i 2 . 0 2</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>I n t 4 . 0 0 ... ...</b></code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I stopped trying to parse it halfway through. It was all English. “Man, I’m having trouble understanding this. Wonder if I can make it easier to read.”</p>

      <p>Then the display box switched languages:<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami </code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 4/51</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 72/72</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: </code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 1</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 1.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 1.03</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 1.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 2.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 4.00 </code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 2.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 1.01, Blood Loss 0.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EXP: 805/100</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EQUIPMENT: One-Handed Steel Sword, Otherworld Garb, Elven Cloak, Leather Gloves, Otherworld Footwear, Spellseal-Inscribed Throwing Knife</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Ah, there we go; now it’s in Japanese.”</p>

      <p>The menu had responded to my muttered musings. Compared to the English-language display, the strings of Japanese characters looked awkward, but it was more important that I understood what was written at a glance.</p>

      <p>As I read through my stats, what jumped out at me most was my empty item inventory. Taken at face value, that meant I was considered to be bereft of all things.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...but I mean, I’ve got jerky and water...”</p>

      <p>And yet:<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【ITEMS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Empty</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I checked and rechecked, but based on the text, I had nothing at all on me.</p>

      <p>“Still, I do have a rough idea of what to do now. I’m a gamer, after all...”</p>

      <p>I figured it hinged on whether I met certain criteria. There was some rigid, childish, video gamey condition that I wasn’t fulfilling.</p>

      <p>“‘Equipment’ must be stuff that directly impacts combat and affects stats...”</p>

      <p>Which meant everything else was stuff that was meant to be equipped. Stuff I shouldn’t put on my body or hold in my hand.</p>

      <p>“Maybe I’ve got some kind of infinite-space bag or something?”</p>

      <p>I checked everything on my person once more. Video games often had something that fit that bill. I turned my bag and pockets inside out and right side in multiple times, but nothing happened.</p>

      <p>“All right, then...” <em>C’mon, enter... Enter into my inventory.</em></p>

      <p>Half-jokingly, I tried profering my jerky to the air—and was rewarded for it.</p>

      <p>The air warped and distorted, swallowing the jerky whole.</p>

      <p>“Yikes!”</p>

      <p>My arm snapped back. The scene would spark fear in anybody.</p>

      <p>“Okay, now show me my items.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【ITEMS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Jerky</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Ha ha. Yep, I’m super definitely in a video game.”</p>

      <p>I was equal parts pleased and terrified, but in any case, I now understood one of the rules of how items worked. By willing it, and by offering the item to empty space, I could store something who-knew-where.</p>

      <p>“Now that’s a huge relief...”</p>

      <p>I started scavenging valuables from the corpses again, as there was a ton of stuff I hadn’t been able to take with me before. One after the other, I tossed them into my inventory, all the while learning more of the rules that governed items here. Incidentally, the adventurers’ bodies and the small bugs on them failed to enter. I didn’t know why, but they must have violated some condition because the air rebuffed them.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【ITEMS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Jerky, Water Pack, Styptic, Oil, Stun Needle, Antidote, Rasp, Blade of Oria, Leather Bag, Leather Gloves, Leather Shoes, Cloth Garb, Wooden Bow, Steel Knife, Unbranded Arrow, Lighter, Smartphone, Pebble, 10th-Grade Magic Gem, 9th-Grade Magic Gem</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The lighter and smartphone were in the jeans I’d had on. I tried connecting to data the moment I spotted my phone, but of course, no dice. Moreover, chances were good it was broken anyway. Maybe it had taken a hit. That its flashlight and clock functionalities were still working was a silver lining.</p>

      <p>“All sorts of stuff can go in...” I mused. “Most helpful of all, it names the stuff I can’t identify. But that lowers the whole game’s difficulty level. Not that I’m complaining...”</p>

      <p>I smiled when I saw the word “antidote” for a substance I would’ve otherwise regarded as “just some powder.”</p>

      <p>“All right. Let’s run some more experime—”</p>

      <p>“GRRAAAHWR!!!”</p>

      <p>Just as I was about to set about experimenting in earnest, a beastly howl reverberated through the corridor.</p>

      <p>“I...I’ll save the experiments for later...”</p>

      <p>Thanks to the string of convenient windfalls, I’d straight up forgotten I was still in the jaws of danger. I didn’t know how to use the styptic salve, so I smeared it on my wound after washing the gash with water. Then I started trudging away from the howling, using my sword as a cane.</p>

      <p>So as not to overtax my body, I proceeded down the hall while watchfully observing my surroundings. I checked my stats and found that my blood loss had eased and my HP had recovered a little.</p>

      <p>Sensing that I’d put a safe distance between me and the threat to my life, I’d earned myself a small spot of calm, which I used to conduct various experiments. I couldn’t remove objects from or put them into my inventory unless I was still, but there was something I could test out while walking: I muttered all the terms that came to mind, rattling off anything I could think of that had to do with video games in case any new text displays popped up. “Stats... help... map... save... logs... chat... log out... log in... skills...”</p>

      <p>There’d been no response to the word I had most wanted to trigger something: “Help.” Nor was there any response from words related to online games, such as “logs” or “chat.” The word “skills,” however...<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【SKILLS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Innate Skills: Swordplay 1.01, Ice Magic 2.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Acquired Skills: Dimensional Magic 5.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>???:???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>???:???</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>A pair of powers concealed by strings of question marks. This system seemed unwilling to give the goods when it came to those two bits of info. And those two instances of “magic” took me aback as well. I’d blinked, and before I knew it, I’d become a mage. Something to be happy about! It occurred to me to make the menu display the details of my magic.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MAGIC】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Ice Magic: Freeze 1.00 Ice 1.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Dimensional Magic: Dimension 1.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I’d braced myself for nothing to appear only to be pleasantly surprised by not one but <em>three</em> spells up my sleeve. At the revelation that I could cast spells, I damn near jumped for joy. I had no idea <em>why</em> I could now use magic, but I figured I might as well use whatever was in my arsenal. Going by video game logic, it made sense to have a handful of starter skills.</p>

      <p><em>Well, that’s if you’re going by video game logic...</em></p>

      <p>I shook my head to stop that train of thought. If my mind stuck to <em>that</em> morass, I’d go nuts, so I started testing my spells instead. I couldn’t do much better at that moment.</p>

      <p>“Err, come forth! Icespell: <em>Ice</em>!” I shouted, holding out my hands. My mental picture involved chunks of ice flying from my hands.</p>

      <p>Upon casting the spell, I was assailed by the sensation of something inside me depleting. My palms turned cold, and I could feel something (what, I didn’t know) gathering. Yes, it was gathering, coalescing, but it was awfully slow. I suspected the moisture in the air was coming together and losing its heat by suppressing its molecular motion, thereby gradually creating ice. However, the ice that took around ten seconds to form was the size of my palm. Needless to say, it was not shooting off. It didn’t look as though it could ever be a means of attack.</p>

      <p>“Wait, <em>that’s</em> what this is?”</p>

      <p>My disappointment was immeasurable. My day...</p>

      <p>At a guess, I surmised this spell was for everyday life. Based on what I’d faced thus far, I’d been expecting a flashy spell that could fend off giant insects and beasts and the like, so I couldn’t help but feel bummed out. That said, I <em>had</em> just created some ice, and it would’ve been a shame to waste it, so I fetched some clothes out of my inventory, cut a part of them off, and fashioned a makeshift ice pack, which I promptly discarded once I applied it to my wound and found it led only to a dull pain. Frankly, I felt the spell called <em>Ice</em> had proven utterly useless.</p>

      <p>Next, I tried out the spell named <em>Freeze</em>, but that ended much the same way. The effect was far from pronounced, as all it did was cause the temperature in my vicinity to drop slowly.</p>

      <p>The last spell, <em>Dimension</em>, worried me a great deal. If I remembered my English right, the word meant something like “measurements” or “proportions,” or “plane of existence,” but I wasn’t confident. Judging from the ice-related spells from before, though, I could make an educated guess that the effect had to do with space in general.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe it’ll generate a warp portal or something, and I can escape this dungeon</em>, I thought. But I realized that was wishful thinking. Magic that would let me completely invalidate my current situation? Ultimately, as I couldn’t presuppose what the effect would be with any certainty, I opted to refrain from using it just to play it safe. I was afraid that if I didn’t play my cards right, I might even end up producing a black hole or something.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, might as well see what I can think of for other spells.</em> “Healing magic... white magic... learn magic... new magic... first aid... burns... cure...”</p>

      <p>Sadly, I didn’t get a single hit. I wanted a spell to heal myself one way or another, but it looked as though I wasn’t vested with anything like that. A menu of interest did appear amid my string of guesses, however.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【SKILL POINT ALLOCATION】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Swordplay 1.01, Ice Magic 2.00, Dimensional Magic 5.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>You currently have 0 skill points.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Apparently, I had no skill points yet. <em>They’ll most likely increase along with my level.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【LEVEL UP】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>805/100</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Requirements met.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>As soon as I thought about leveling up, a new display popped up. I had a bad feeling about the words “requirements met,” though. It probably meant that leveling up wasn’t automatic. In fact, there was a distinct possibility that it required some exacting process, like finding a save point.</p>

      <p><em>First things first, I’ve gotta figure out how to level up, and fast.</em></p>

      <p>“If you could, please level me uOWW!”</p>

      <p>A sudden heat flared up in my right arm. I looked down to find my upper arm lacerated and bleeding.</p>

      <p>“Where’d that come from?!”</p>

      <p>I surveyed my surroundings and noticed something moving in the corner of my eye. It was a distortion, a floating warping of space about the size of a basketball, and it was wavering and softly buzzing. Upon closer inspection, the silhouette of that “warp in space” was almost the same as a bug’s.</p>

      <p>“A monster?!”</p>

      <p>My brain wasted no time switching modes, gamer mode blotting out everyday life mode. My numbed senses were becoming dedicated to a gamer’s efficiency, with a stunt that could only be pulled off here: a place outside the ordinary.</p>

      <p>Aiming at the distortion, the midair anomaly, I sliced upward using the blade in my hand, but the anomaly dodged at the last moment. The second I realized it had evaded my swing, I broke into a run, putting some distance between us. I had decided, before going on the move, that if it dodged or withstood my first blow, I would refuse to strain myself too much. I went back down the path I had come through as opposed to an unexplored avenue.</p>

      <p>I could hear the thing buzzing after me and calmly used the noise to gauge the distance between us. Directionally speaking, it was right behind me, which was only natural given it was pursuing me. And if that was the case, all that remained was the timing. I could counterattack using my current resources.</p>

      <p>A strategy took shape in my mind. One could perhaps call it futile because we were dealing with game logic, but I deemed it worth a shot.</p>

      <p>When the anomaly drew sufficiently close, I pulled the leather bag with water in it out of my inventory and dumped all of its contents behind me. There was a break in the continual buzzing, and its cries pierced the air. It appeared the plan had been a success. I’d guessed that if the creature had wings, chances were good it was weak to water. It would never have worked in a video game, but I guess not everything in this world operated on typical video game logic. Thanks to the water drops hanging on to it, I could begin to make out the creature’s contours, and it didn’t hurt that it had slowed down as well. After seeing that was the case, I fired off a spell.</p>

      <p>“Icespell: <em>Freeze</em>!”</p>

      <p>While the spell did nothing but lower the temperature, it could be that the anomaly was susceptible to such things. If I could bring it down from afar using my magic, that would be the best-case scenario.</p>

      <p>“I won’t scream at you to freeze over, but could you at least drop down for me?”</p>

      <p>The anomaly’s movements had grown visibly stolid. It kept trying to fly my way, but its struggling was in vain, and it couldn’t reach me. Employing my option to watch and “<em>Analyze</em>,” I made sure that nothing could slip my gaze. Letting my guard down before the end was a no-go.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】 Darkling Fly：RANK 2</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Analyze</em> prompted the menu to appear, and that was how it described the anomaly before me.</p>

      <p><em>Well that ain’t good</em>.</p>

      <p>In all likelihood, Mr. Darkling was a monster that counted partial invisibility among its weapons. Nevertheless, my menu-sight pointed its location out to me without impediment. With this, any means by which it could attack me was now gone. The more time passed, the more sluggishly it moved. I waited until it was well and truly enfeebled to strike it down with my blade.</p>

      <p>Having fallen to the ground, the fly monster disappeared in a flash of light, leaving only a dusky yet translucent gem in its wake. Incidentally, said gem was displayed as a 10th-Grade Magic Gem. I also registered an uptick in EXP. The meagerness of both the gem and the EXP gain meant the Darkling Fly was a low-ranking monster.</p>

      <p>“Maybe using items and MP on a Rank 2 monster was a waste?”</p>

      <p>I had 68 MP left. While the tank wasn’t empty, I didn’t know where it would leave me if I squandered the rest.</p>

      <p>I doubled back and proceeded down a corridor I had yet to explore. As I walked, I rechecked the info I had about what had been occupying my attention before that little interruption: leveling up. I tried various things through trial and error, but I couldn’t manage it and remained at Level 1. It appeared I had to fulfill some kind of special condition first. Imagine my sheer irritation, considering experience points were the only thing I had an abundance of.</p>

      <p>Then, I thought back on the battle I’d fought moments earlier. A surprise attack from a monster that was hard to visually keep track of. If it had been higher than just Rank 2, it could very well have been curtains for me.</p>

      <p><em>It’s better to experiment with my menu-sight only after securing my safety</em>, I thought. <em>If I get taken by surprise because I stopped heeding my surroundings, it’ll do more harm than good.</em></p>

      <p>That was what was running through my head when I heard noises from afar. A giant insect was lying in wait in the direction I was walking. It was the first monster I’d encountered since arriving here. The giant insect was characterized by its strange twin protuberances.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】 Mandibeetle：RANK 3</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Judging by its name, I could guess what its method of attack might be, but it seemed better not to make any moves based on preconceived notions. I adopted a semi-crouching stance so as to be able to respond no matter what unfolded.</p>

      <p>The Mandibeetle had spotted me too. Bit by bit, it cautiously closed the distance. I knew it was Rank 3, but I didn’t know how dangerous that made it. Upon drawing close enough, the Mandibeetle suddenly charged, but it was leagues slower than the giant wolf from before. I swung my sword when it flew by me.</p>

      <p>“Hyah!”</p>

      <p>The sound of metal against metal reverberated, and my sword was repelled. I had perhaps struck the wrong part of it, but I still wouldn’t have expected such a heavy blade to be deflected. I’d even tried being cool about it by going “Hyah!” but I was in over my head in more ways than one.</p>

      <p>The monster’s movements, however, didn’t pose much of a problem. It was slower than the wolf, slower even than the Darkling Fly. In order to execute a plan I had thought about in the back of my mind, I pulled a tool out of my inventory.</p>

      <p>All the Mandibeetle did was continue charging at me. I continued to dodge well in advance of it hitting me. The first time I’d moved out of its way, I had doused it in oil, and the second time, I’d used my lighter to set it on fire. I had thought it’d take a bunch of tries to ignite it, but I was lucky in that it only took one. The Mandibeetle promptly turned into a fireball, and it began writhing in agony.</p>

      <p>“Damn...”</p>

      <p>It was a gruesome spectacle. The blazing heat caused the monster’s joints to pop out, and its limbs disconnected. It was immobilized immediately, so I poked it with my sword in various places. After a few such stabbings, the Mandibeetle vanished in a burst of light, and a black gem plopped onto the floor. Through my menu-sight, I saw it was labeled a Blackbug Gem. It looked a tad different to me compared to the other magic gems up until that point. I put it in the palm of my hand and used <em>Analyze</em> to study it thoroughly.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【BLACKBUG GEM】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Unlike standard magic gems, it’s composed of magical energy of the bug element. All bug monsters can drop these.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>It... It gave me the item description... </em>It seemed almost too handy. Soon, I was examining all the things I didn’t know the details of. First, the items I could equip. It appeared as though items with longer names, on average, such as the Elven Cloak and Blade of Oria, sported special boons. The Elven Cloak warded off damage from the heat and cold, while it looked as though the Blade of Oria exhibited its real value when facing opponents of a higher rank than the wielder. They appeared to be magic items.</p>

      <p>Even more conscientiously, the description went so far as to list their attack and defense power. I didn’t know how much impact those numbers would bring to bear, but reviewing those kinds of details seemed important.</p>

      <p>I then took a look at the magic that I was wondering about the most.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【DIMENSION】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP consumed: 1</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The most basic dimensional spell, or spacespell. In accordance with the caster’s caliber, it allows the caster to ascertain the space surrounding them.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Evidently, it was a simple support spell. It would’ve been awesome if it had been a portal spell I could use to return to my homeworld, but it was nothing that convenient. At any rate, I elected to test it out and see what it entailed.</p>

      <p>“Spacespell: <em>Dimension</em>,” I said.</p>

      <p>The moment I spoke the name of the spell, my five senses grew keener, and what one might call a sixth sense expanded to encompass the vicinity. I was now able to clearly perceive everything in a ten-meter radius. Surprisingly, I was even able to pick up info about the blind spot around the corner.</p>

      <p>“Wow...this is great.” My menu-sight had granted me an array of advantages, but even so, I instantly understood how incredible this dimensional magic was as well. The power to detect enemies was the most helpful of all. I felt it in my gut—the danger to my life had sunk considerably.</p>

      <p>As I gauged the duration of <em>Dimension</em>’s effect, I made full use of this weirdly amazing detection field to proceed down the path while evading monster encounters. I walked while picking up the occasional found item and experimenting at times with fresh new systems. There were no surprises while I had <em>Dimension</em> active, since I couldn’t fail to notice any monsters within its range of effect. I made my way through the Dungeon at many times my previous speed. My expression grew cheerier, my stride lighter.</p>

      <p><em>Dimension</em> was a spell of immense power. But that very fact had the potential to make me let my guard down. I had allowed my obtaining an overwhelmingly expedient spell to buoy my spirits too much, and I was overly confident I was carrying out the best possible course of action, having thought this gamey dungeon through.</p>

      <p>It took around thirty minutes of walking for my situation to sour.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>It didn’t feel particularly hot, but I was sweating all the same. And my breathing was labored too. My arms and legs felt as heavy as lead, and my vision was swimming—all symptoms of the poison status effect.</p>

      <p>Around fifteen minutes after I started using <em>Dimension</em>, I encountered and fought a Rank 1 monster. I’d been avoiding all monster encounters, but by chance, I ended up spotting a monster that was immobile. If I hadn’t been using <em>Dimension</em>, I probably wouldn’t have cottoned on to the slightly oversized frog that was lying utterly motionless underneath the rubble. It was Rank 1, and I assumed from appearances that it was sleeping. Its name being very straightforward (“Big Frog”), I thought it would get me some EXP without any danger, so I slaughtered it with my sword. It perished in one blow, but its fluids stuck to my body. And since I was battered and bruised, I had cuts and wounds all over me. The frog’s fluids entered my body through those wounds, and thus, I got slapped with the poison status effect.</p>

      <p>When I saw it in my menu, I turned pale and immediately used the antidote in my inventory, but it didn’t remove the poison status. I read the description of the antidote and realized the graveness of my situation.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【ANTIDOTE】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>A typical antidote. Formulated to counter the venom of Poison Bees. Succeeds in curing other poisons 5% of the time.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It appeared there were different types of antidotes. If it was as this item description claimed, I only had a five percent chance of an antidote curing me. Sure enough, I’d failed that RNG roll. I used all of my remaining antidotes, but to no avail.</p>

      <p>“I’m out of antidotes... Oh shit, oh <em>shit</em>!”</p>

      <p>The composure <em>Dimension</em> had afforded me was now gone. I was sweating buckets and my health was dropping. I tried using the ice spell to place ice in my mouth and rehydrate, but the game’s system didn’t register any HP recovery from it.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t help but check my menu again:<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 17/51</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 61/72</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: </code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 1</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 1.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 1.03</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 1.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 2.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 4.00 </code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 2.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 1.09, Blood Loss 0.21, Poison 1.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EXP: 805/100</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>My HP had healed to around 30 before, but now I was down to 17. The poison that was dinging a point from my life once every few minutes was eroding not only my physical body but also my mind through the frantic frustration. I was panting harshly, and my consciousness was getting blurry. If I didn’t do something, I’d die.</p>

      <p>I searched through the recesses of my brain for a solution. I had a handful of ideas, but the success rate for each of them was low. I weighed my options and settled on a plan. I’d sacrifice my MP and intensify my <em>Dimension</em> spell’s power.</p>

      <p>It was a method whose validity I had fully confirmed when I was hydrating using <em>Ice</em>. The same spell could differ in effect depending on how much force and MP were put into it, among other variables.</p>

      <p>“Spacespell: <em>Dimension</em>!”</p>

      <p>My perception field’s area of effect swelled to multiple times its original size. The sensation wasn’t unlike a bunch of remote-controlled cameras rushing around the corridor. The Dungeon teemed with colorful monsters, but I heeded only whatever might lead to a way to resolve my nasty scrape.</p>

      <p>Around when my perception field expanded to fifty times its original size, I discovered an area that was very different. That corridor was well maintained. Its floor was smooth and had a mineral coating applied to it. Lamps were installed at regular intervals. It appeared to be man-made.</p>

      <p>I expanded my perception field even more, with that area as the center of focus, and found multiple groups of people walking the paved path. Then, I stopped using <em>Dimension</em>—my MP had dwindled into the single digits.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 16/51</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 9/72</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: </code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I gasped for breath and started panting. I’d found people, and they were crossing each other’s paths, but there were no fights or friction between them. I thought back to when I’d been attacked. They had said I was in the Dungeon and that I was outside the “Admin Area.” That meant the conflict had broken out on the path I’d been walking <em>because</em> it was outside the Admin Area, and that conflicts didn’t break out on the well-maintained path because it was within the Admin Area. Or rather, I was betting on that possibility.</p>

      <p>“I’ll make it to that path by using the smallest <em>Dimension</em> I can!”</p>

      <p>With the direction of the well-maintained path as my only guide, I headed for it. I stopped checking my ever-shrinking HP and just kept walking in search of other people. The antidotes I’d obtained had been taken off dead bodies. It didn’t matter if they gave one to me or I took one from them; either way, I needed to cross paths with other people in order to progress.</p>

      <p>My eyes were bloodshot, and I mindlessly put one foot in front of the other so as not to lose consciousness. Fortunately, I didn’t encounter any monsters, managing to make a beeline for the path. Still, I didn’t immediately call out for help. Cautiously, I observed the path, using <em>Dimension</em> to examine the people from behind cover. I didn’t want to get stabbed the second I called out.</p>

      <p>First, I expended more of what little MP I had left and eavesdropped on the closest group (consisting of three males) using <em>Dimension</em>. With this, my MP was now at 4.</p>

      <p>“...guys, whaddya say we try makin’ it to the seventh floor today?”</p>

      <p>“Sounds good. We’ve been on a roll lately. And we’ll make a prettier penny if we go that deep.”</p>

      <p>“I’m down too. I’ve been thinking we oughta widen the range of our Dungeon diving sooner or later...”</p>

      <p>The three were casually chatting as they walked down the path. From what they were saying, it was clear they were earning money here in the Dungeon. None of them looked like respectable members of society. Judging by their tough guy appearances, in my world they’d probably have been members of an organization that rhymes with “a booza.” I figured they weren’t the ones I wanted to be talking to. I was hoping, instead, to talk to someone one-on-one. Ideally, someone younger than me, ideally someone female, and ideally someone who looked good-natured. The more of those criteria they met, the better. However, if I held out for too long hoping for perfection, I’d die and defeat the purpose. My HP was still ticking down from the poison.</p>

      <p>I decided to use the last of my MP (or rather, since I was too scared to bring it down to 0, I left it at 1) and search for someone who skewed closer than not to those parameters with <em>Dimension</em>. I quickly probed a circumference of two hundred meters, and spotted four different groups of people. Or in RPG terms, four <em>parties</em>.</p>

      <p>The first of these was the group of three tough guys. The second was a mixed-gender party of five in various getups. The third was a group of four outfitted in silver armor. The last was a pair of women. Without hesitation, I settled on approaching those two. They seemed gentle and kind. Maybe they’d help me out if I talked to them. Unfortunately, the mixed-gender group of five and the silver-armored group were closer to me, so I had to remain behind cover and let them go past me.</p>

      <p>I waited on bated breath for time to pass, staying hidden until that safest-looking of groups, the two women, appeared. Or rather, that had been my plan.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you. You over there, hiding. Show yourself.”</p>

      <p>The silver-armored group saw right through me. The mixed-gender group hadn’t seen me, but it appeared the others had spotted me despite being in their blind spot. My heart jumped when he called out to me, but his group <em>had</em> been my choice for second best, so I steeled my wits and ran through what I’d say in my head. I left my sword behind cover and cautiously stepped out onto the path.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. Just some brigand, I take it?” said the tall male, as if I were of no concern.</p>

      <p>Unlike the other people I’d encountered thus far, the four in silver armor looked well-off. It was the one woman among their number who drew my eye. She looked to be around my age and height. And she was a startler—startlingly pretty, that is. Her lustrous long hair shone like flowing silver, and her features were so perfect, I reckoned no doll could ever replicate them.</p>

      <p>Before long, I averted my gaze; she was so uncanny I felt unmoored from reality. I chose to talk to one of the guys instead, zeroing in on the tallest one. He seemed the honest, upstanding sort.</p>

      <p>“No, sir, I’m not a brigand. I felt sick, so I needed to rest.”</p>

      <p>“If that were the case, you would’ve rested on the Pathway Proper. You’re a bad liar.”</p>

      <p>I could sense a tinge of anger in his voice. It seemed this well-maintained path was called the “Pathway Proper” and that it was suited to resting. My excessive caution had backfired; I should have walked on the path after all. Now, I’d slipped up from the jump, and I could sense I was growing pale.</p>

      <p>Concluding that lying would be counterproductive, I chose a policy of earnest sincerity. It seemed to me the honest-looking guy was angry that he’d been lied to more than because I’d been hiding, and if he was as he looked, it behooved me to adapt. “I... I have my reasons. Please believe me; I mean you no harm.”</p>

      <p>Upon hearing my frantic plea, his expression softened a little. “Hrm. It’d certainly be foolish to try an ambush by yourself, I’ll give you that.”</p>

      <p>The other two guys followed suit. “He’s a kid, and alone at that. There’s no problem here.”</p>

      <p>“I’d say he’s either lost or he recklessly tackled the Dungeon. He could also be the last of a wiped-out party he was helping by carrying their luggage.”</p>

      <p>I sure was glad they were coming up with plausible stories for me. It appeared they weren’t viewing me as a potential threat, as I was battered and on my own. As much as I could, I waited and watched, not wanting this interaction to balloon out of proportion.</p>

      <p>“We mustn’t frighten a child. It would reflect poorly on our chivalry.”</p>

      <p>“Shut it, Hine. Right now, we need to be meticulously careful, don’t we? I was just confirming it out of a sense of obligation, that’s all. Real work-minded, aren’t I?” he said, making the tone slightly playful.</p>

      <p>At the word “chivalry,” I wondered if they might just fall under the good-natured category. I could infer they were well equipped to handle anything from their affluent-looking outfits as well. This was perhaps the right time to go for it.</p>

      <p>I steeled my resolve—I was going to consult them about the poison.</p>

      <p>“Well... Well, you see, I—”</p>

      <p>But I was cut off by a girl’s voice: “You’re an intriguing one!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>