<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>There was nothing else I could say. All I could do was close up shop and pretend not to have seen her. My heart ached for her. It couldn’t be pleasant for a girl like that to be forced to sleep outdoors. But there was nothing I could do for a total stranger. It wasn’t as though I had time or energy or resources to spare.</p>

      <p>“W-Well, all right. I’ll lock up, then.” Reluctantly, I made to close the door.</p>

      <p>“Also,” I heard her say right before the door fully closed, “I’m not a girl. Don’t worry about me.”</p>

      <p>Evidently, she wasn’t a she. And to him, not being a girl meant I didn’t have to worry about him. I was taken aback, but I finished closing the door anyway. I didn’t know whether it was a lie, but I decided it’d be pointless to give it any more thought.</p>

      <p>I walked to the back of the building, where Ms. Lyeen and the manager were waiting. I shook off all thought of the pretty androgynous face I had just seen and started talking about my contract with my boss. I say “contract,” but it was pretty loose and broad, and not as down-to-the-details as the sort you’d see back in my world. For the time being, he’d try out various work schemes with me on a per diem basis. My pay would keep changing based on the fruits of my labor each day, and on that day, he gave me ten copper coins. In addition, he’d even give me room and board—he told me I could lodge in a corner of the pub. I was surprised by how nice I had it. It was so nice, I actually ended up giving him constructive criticism; I suggested all this might be a bit careless for a suspicious-looking individual like me, but he assured me he was confident in his eye for character and left it at that.</p>

      <p>Ms. Lyeen, for her part, told me that if I tried to pull something, they knew my face so they could just stop by a ley line and get me arrested in a jiffy. Apparently, the ley lines stretching here and there in town were for policing and crime prevention. Perhaps that explained, in part, their open-armed welcome.</p>

      <p>With all that settled, I found myself tucked under a blanket in a corner of the building with a proper roof over my head. Compared to that kid from before, my situation was heaven.</p>

      <p>“Status, skills.” I tested out various things regarding my menu-sight. As I looked for new abilities, I calmly and coolly planned my next moves. Since I’d just secured a stable income, my desperation levels had dipped a lot lower. The ??? skill erased the majority of my bewilderment and fear toward this other world, and it was paying the utmost attention to stabilizing my heart and emotions. All that was left to do was logically and rationally move ever closer to my great return, one step at a time.</p>

      <p>“They did tell me I only have to work nights. Guess I’ll walk around town gathering info until noon tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>First, I’d gather information over the course of a few days and fill my head with the common knowledge of this world. I’d also master the use of my menu-sight and magic, as well as assemble some equipment and tools before finally tackling the Dungeon again.</p>

      <p>I kept experimenting with my menu-sight until I fell asleep. And so my second day in this world passed by peacefully.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The thought struck me after contemplating all sorts of things the previous night. <em>Maybe all we need to blow through a dungeon like this is an industrial revolution.</em></p>

      <p>It was crucial that I exhibit my strengths as an outworlder. By working to further this world’s level of civilization, I could use machines instead of magic to clear the Dungeon, and that’d be enjoyable. However, the reality was I had neither the time nor the connections for that. Moreover, it was uncertain whether the laws of physics were the same. I figured I’d test them out one of these days, but it wasn’t something I could do without money.</p>

      <p>Yet again, I hit the money barrier. Reluctantly, I went for a roam around town. It seemed money made this world go ’round too. I meandered from public body to public body in order to take in this world’s culture. In addition, I toured fantasy world staple stores like weapon shops and curio shops. There were magic gem shops as well for the purposes of mages, but they were all too expensive and far above my means. The information gathering was simple and not at all flashy, but I thought of it as a bit of sightseeing, so it wasn’t all that bad.</p>

      <p>The time flew by, and before long my shift at the pub was at hand. Just like the day before, I did miscellaneous chores amid the hustle and bustle. My job description hadn’t changed, but I wasn’t doing exactly the same things as my first day. It was time for a novel application of my menu-sight. When I used <em>Analyze</em> on a monster, a menu with its information appeared, and when I tested to see whether it also worked on people, I discovered that it did.</p>

      <p>For example, when I tried using <em>Analyze</em> on a big man with a large scar on his face:<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME：Alvin Coalzsun</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 165/172</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/0</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Swordfighter</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 6.72</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 4.54</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 2.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 1.78</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 1.32</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 0.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 0.67</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>There was zero privacy in this, but it was surprisingly fun. Getting caught up in the moment, I checked the strength of every customer that came into the shop. Also, by observing a variety of different people, my understanding of the text displays deepened, and there was no reason to stop. I discovered I could narrow the focus of my menu-sight as well. If, when viewing someone’s menu, I strongly desired to know only their name, level, and skills, this is how it appeared for me:<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Alvin Coalzsun Lvl. 11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Innate Skills: Sewing 1.10</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Acquired Skills: Swordplay 1.23</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Evidently, sewing was his specialty. I chuckled at the disconnect between his hulking frame and that particular forte. And I kept surveying all sorts of people the same way. Then, I spotted a familiar face. It was the feminine-looking self-professed boy whose acquaintance I’d made the day before at closing time. The kid’s hood concealed his face, but I was using <em>Dimension</em> when I had time on my hands, so I knew right away who he was. He was seated at the counter and had requested a light meal. It seemed Ms. Lyeen had taken his order. I was on the clock, so I couldn’t strike up a conversation, but I used <em>Analyze</em> just to see his name and skills.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Diablo Sith</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Holy Magic 3.78, Divine Protection 3.07, Condemn 2.00, Concentration 2.02, Elemental Magic 2.09, Overprotection 2.00, Life Support 2.23, Targeting 2.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 0.09</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>???:???</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>My mouth was agape. “Wait, what?”</p>

      <p>I’d looked at the menus of dozens of people just that day, but this was the first time I’d seen anything this <em>extra</em>. For the most part, people tended to have one or two skills. Seasoned adventurers might have three. Moreover, the values of those skills usually only ranged from 0.00 to 2.00, and there were none besides myself with a skill that exceeded 3.00. Yet this kid not only boasted nine skills, but also high numbers to go with the majority of them. <em>What am I looking at?</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, no spacing out on the job!” shouted Ms. Lyeen. “Boss told ya to go wash dishes in the back!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right away ma’am!”</p>

      <p>It seemed the kitchen had gotten busier. With great reluctance, I withdrew to the back. Tired as I was of it, I did my job and washed the dirty dishes that had piled up in the kitchen. All the while, as you might expect, I had that Diablo kid on my mind. With that you-can’t-be-serious suite of abilities, it was like the world was playing favorites with him, so to speak. Thinking about it under the assumption that this world was a video game, chances were high that he had some kind of important role to play. There was also the possibility he was burdened with a similar set of circumstances as me.</p>

      <p>I wanted to set up an opportunity to introduce myself and talk to him, but I wanted it to come across as casual and organic. While I was simulating my conversation with Diablo in my head as I continued silently washing the dishes, a voice boomed from one of the tables. This pub was already unceasingly raucous and noisy, but since I heard Diablo’s voice (which I knew from the night before), I went out to see what the fuss was about.</p>

      <p>The man with the booming voice laughed. “Ha ha ha! Team up with a Level 1 snot like you? What’s in it for us? We don’t wanna die ’cause you dragged us down!”</p>

      <p>There was a crowd around them now.</p>

      <p>“I know I’m low level, okay?” retorted the kid, his voice soprano. “But I’ve got confidence in my sword skills. And I can use a bit of basic magic too!”</p>

      <p>The kid was blond; I’d been a tad confused at first, but it was almost definitely Diablo. The night before, he’d had his silky hair long, but today it was trimmed short and tied up in the back. I guess that was why he had a totally different vibe from before. He looked like an androgynous pretty boy now.</p>

      <p>The woman sitting beside the guffawing man spoke to Diablo in a mollifying tone. “Oh, good on you for being able to do magic. That said, Level 1 is lower level than even your average small child. Normally, you’d have leveled up at <em>some</em> point before now. Helping out your folks with the chores and just doing normal everyday stuff, you ought to be around Level 3 by your age. For you to still be Level 1, surely you can’t expect us to conclude that you are anything other than some rich kid who’s never known hardship. Either that, or there’s some problem holding you back, right?”</p>

      <p>“Grr!” The woman’s logic had Diablo at a loss for words.</p>

      <p>“She’s right! Still being at Level 1’s bleedin’ ridiculous! Ha ha ha!” The man looked at the lost-for-words Diablo and riled him up even more. “You’re unique, ’cause finding somebody who’s Level 1’s actually really hard! Ah ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>From the look of it, the man wanted a laugh at Diablo’s expense. Seeing as I’d been Level 1 until recently, his words stung me too.</p>

      <p>“Sh-Shut up! Don’t make fun of me! I can still fight at this level!” Diablo made to grab at him, but the man sidestepped with ease and poured even more salt into the wound. The blood must have rushed to the kid’s head, because he was on a rampage, firing back with puerile insults.</p>

      <p>None of the other customers had any intention of stopping the fight. They must have figured such quarreling was par for the course, but it was a different story for me. This Diablo kid harbored loads of potential. I had the ability to sneak peeks at the talents of others, and I could tell this one was a promising pawn I could take advantage of.</p>

      <p>The childish scuffle intensified, morphing into a foulmouthed swearing match. Presumably due to the level gap, Diablo couldn’t get a solid jab in. I tried approaching him in order to get on his good side, but he ended up getting stopped by Ms. Lyeen before I could intervene.</p>

      <p>“All right, all right, break it up! If you’re here to fool around, take it outside. Quit being so immature; it’s just a kid!” Ms. Lyeen looked exasperated, but she was clearly used to scolding troublemakers.</p>

      <p>“Oh c’mon,” said the man, “we’re just here looking for party members. Then this kid who ain’t qualified got up in our grill, and we took the time to tell ’em how the world works, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Lyeen pulled the two apart. “Fine, then you’ve taught ’em enough already. And you too! Cool that tantrum!”</p>

      <p>“Dammit!” Diablo must have realized there was no point in going at it with the guy anymore. He gave Ms. Lyeen what he owed and made for the exit.</p>

      <p>“Nobody’s gonna team up with a Level 1-er!” said the man from behind. “Better think of something else.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Lyeen didn’t take the man to task. She and most everybody here were of the same opinion. Diablo clicked his tongue and exited the pub.</p>

      <p>I promptly intoned a spell under my breath, sinking almost all of my MP into expanding <em>Dimension</em> and tracked where Diablo was going. I wasn’t about to lose him; he was tremendously gifted, and I figured he was my ticket to reducing the legwork I needed to explore the Dungeon by a good fifty percent or so.</p>

      <p>“All right, everybody, back to your seats. And you too, Sieg. Don’t just stand there watching; get back to work.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right. Yes, ma’am.”</p>

      <p>I got back to work, dividing my attention between my tasks and tracking Diablo. I did the same final duties as the day before, and then it was closing time.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Afterward, I sensed that Diablo had entered the Dungeon through <em>Dimension</em>. But he got roughed up and left pretty quickly; I could tell at a glance his dive had been fruitless.</p>

      <p>Once we closed up for the day, my boss and I exchanged views regarding the basics of cooking, and I prepared something nice and light, which became my meal for the night, arranged over one of the restaurant’s tables. Then, just as I’d planned, I went out to search for Diablo, who I was sure was feeling disheartened. I used the last of my MP and spotted him squatting in a back alley.</p>

      <p>“I’m so hungry...” He seemed in extremely low spirits.</p>

      <p>“Oh, hey, fancy seeing you again,” I said, pretending it was a coincidence.</p>

      <p>“You’re the pub worker?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. No money today either?”</p>

      <p>“As you can clearly see, I’m not exactly well-fed,” he said with a self-deprecating shrug.</p>

      <p>“Perfect, then. We’ve got some extra food. Want some?”</p>

      <p>“Extra food?”</p>

      <p>He seemed a tad suspicious, so I immediately used the line I’d prepared beforehand. “After closing up, I practice cooking at the pub. Tonight, I made a fair few duds, and I’m worried the food’ll go to waste.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, got it, okay. But is that really allowed? I get the feeling you’re not really supposed to just hand that stuff out.”</p>

      <p>“To tell you the truth, I was there when you caused that disturbance. As an employee, I should’ve put a stop to the fight, but I was too spineless to do anything. I felt the need to apologize, so I thought I’d do something nice for you.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, so you were there to see it. Don’t worry, I didn’t think anything of it. That said, I’ll take the food. I’ll take anything I can get.” With that, Diablo got to his feet.</p>

      <p>While I may have aroused a speck of suspicion, it seemed I’d successfully baited him with food. We made small talk as we headed for the pub and then tucked into our meals together.</p>

      <p>Diablo was surprised by my cooking, in a good way. Maybe the culture of cooking in this world hadn’t advanced to a particularly high level yet.</p>

      <p>“This is <em>good</em>. By the way, I hear you’re a Dungeon diver. The lady you work with told me.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m trying anyway.”</p>

      <p>While at work, I sometimes turned up my sleeves, and whenever that happened, my burns became visible. Curious customers would then ask Ms. Lyeen or whoever else about that state of affairs.</p>

      <p>“How far did you get?”</p>

      <p>It seemed his interest lay in the Dungeon. Our conversation flowed to it organically. I kept my cool and chose my words carefully. “I went in solo and got pretty hurt on Floor 1. Haven’t dived again since.”</p>

      <p>“You were flying solo too?” He grinned broadly, the smile of somebody who’d found a kindred spirit.</p>

      <p>“I haven’t had much luck with companions.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>I covertly examined his expression; I had to guess what he was thinking and coax him right where I wanted. We talked about our knowledge of the Dungeon, our level and stats, and more. By chatting about all things Dungeon-diving, I finally lured the words I’d been so eagerly awaiting from Diablo’s mouth.</p>

      <p>“Hey, uh, if you don’t mind,” he said diffidently, fighting his nerves, “do you wanna go into the Dungeon with me?”</p>

      <p>By that point, if he hadn’t invited me soon, I would’ve invited him myself. I took him up on his offer with no compunction. “Sure, I’m down. We’re around the same level, after all, and I think helping each other out’s a good idea.”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, really?! Thanks, dude!”</p>

      <p>“Only, I’ve gotta work nights at the pub. I can only help you out in the mornings.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s no problem, no problem at all. You’re really helping me out!” Diablo thanked me up and down, his smile radiant.</p>

      <p>From the look of it, he was particularly moved since he’d endeavored long and hard to find comrades. And while I didn’t let it show on my face, I was inwardly pumping my fists in triumph. Gaining a collaborator who genuinely felt he owed me was big. With an ally versed in the ways of this world at my side, it’d be easier for me to deal with unforeseen roadblocks down the line.</p>

      <p>“Cool, so, can we start tomorrow?!”</p>

      <p>“Sounds good to me. My name’s Siegfried Vizzita. Call me Sieg for short.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. My name’s Dia. No surname; just ‘Dia’ is fine, so call me that!”</p>

      <p>He didn’t react in any way to my name. Given his ridiculous stats and bevy of skills, I’d held on to the nonzero hope that he was from my world, but obviously, that wasn’t the case. Also, the name he gave and the name on his menu differed; according to my menu-sight, he did in fact have a surname, as he was shown as “Diablo Sith.” On the other hand, it didn’t seem to me that he was deliberately lying. Perhaps his menu was giving me information on the name he would <em>eventually</em> call himself. Or maybe these video gamey menus had some kind of catch to them.</p>

      <p>Dia giggled happily. “Heh heh heh!” His expression was many times cuter than your average girl’s. Not that my face was the picture of masculinity, but his was in a league of its own. I used my menu-sight to try to see if it outlined his sex and/or gender, but that wasn’t one of the attributes listed. Of course, whether he was a boy or a girl had no bearing on Dungeon exploration, so I stopped dwelling on it.</p>

      <p>“Right, so, it’s nice to meet you, Dia.”</p>

      <p>“Same here!”<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【PARTY】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Diablo Sith has joined the party.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Dia thanked me for the food and took his leave with a smile on his face. I did ask about where he’d sleep, and he told me he’d sleep out in the open air as usual, but I couldn’t do anything about that. Even just letting him into the pub after closing hours was a no-no.</p>

      <p>Back in my little corner of the pub, my thoughts raced. What would the next day bring? I fell asleep as I worked out strategies to clear the Dungeon alongside Dia.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>I got up early in the morning and went out to buy some basic goods. That only reduced how much quality sleep I was getting, but I was used to being sleep-deprived. I made my way to the church, our rendezvous point, ahead of time. There, I saw a priest reading from what looked like a Bible and a crowd of people actively praying. Among them was Dia.</p>

      <p>In this world, many offered up their prayers to God (or maybe gods). There were many who simply believed in the religion, but there were also divers whose work involved violence and who didn’t seem too pious among those praying. That was because praying was part of the process of leveling up. The priest’s chanting was a mix of the usual precepts and arias stimulating level-ups, and as such, people from all walks of life visited the church. The God in my world never did anything for anybody, so that was a point of difference. With a religion that leveled people up, it was a small wonder a bunch of allied nations had popped up around it.</p>

      <p>Dia finished praying, spoke a bit with the priest, and then came to me.</p>

      <p>“Oh, hey, Sieg. Already here?”</p>

      <p>“Morning, Dia. You’re up early.”</p>

      <p>“I thought maybe I’d leveled up, but no dice.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. That’s a shame.” I checked Dia’s stats:<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Diablo Sith</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 39/52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 431/431</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Swordfighter</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 1</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 0.59</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 1.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 0.92</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 0.88</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 1.34</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 23.25</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 5.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Protection 1.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EXP: 89/100</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>All he needed was a bit more EXP. And his stats remained as absurd as ever. Especially that whopper of a magic stat.</p>

      <p>We discussed our battle plan as we headed to the Dungeon. “So, you want me to draw the monsters’ attention,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, but yeah, please,” Dia answered. “I lack power, so it looks like I don’t deal any damage to monsters with my sword. Now that I’m part of a team of two, I think I’ll try using magic.”</p>

      <p>It appeared he had been so obsessed with finding comrades and teaming up because he couldn’t take down monsters alone. It made sense, as one couldn’t effectively cast anti-monster magic when going solo.</p>

      <p><em>So you’re not even a swordfighter at all, then, are you?</em> I wondered. <em>Why don’t you just drop the sword?</em> But I didn’t voice those thoughts; it’d no doubt rub the aspiring swordfighter the wrong way.</p>

      <p>“Okay, sure,” I replied, “but I intend to exclusively avoid them. I don’t wanna get hurt if I can help it.”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine by me. It’ll make a world of difference if you just play advance guard.”</p>

      <p>“It’s certainly true that’d be the best battle formation, since I’m suited to detecting enemies and disrupting them.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll fight with my sword too, after I level up. Please bear with me until then.”</p>

      <p><em>I really think you should be focusing on your magic.</em> But again, I didn’t voice that thought. If I did, he’d ask why I thought that, and I’d have to make mention of my menu-sight.</p>

      <p>“All right,” I said, “so I’ll stand in front of you, searching for enemies.”</p>

      <p>We arrived at the entrance to the Dungeon before our discussion ran its course. Unlike Whoseyards’s aesthetically pleasing Dungeon entrance, the one here in Vart was awfully dilapidated, and there were no guards either.</p>

      <p>“All right, off we go.”</p>

      <p>And so I found myself tackling the Dungeon a second time. Inwardly, I was a mess, anxiety and fear whirling and twisting inside me. But I strove to keep all that concealed. I’d gathered information. I’d hit the books and researched most everything there was to know about the monsters. I’d heard the divers at the pub recount a ton of their experiences. My equipment was on point and I had all the tools I needed. And while I was a bit uneasy about him, I also had a companion whose overflowing talent I could rely on. I could now do things while using my menu-sight at the same time. I was used to my magic and could put it to practical use. I could hardly ask for more to take on the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>I kept breathing calmly, soothing my mind and soul, and stepped over the threshold into that gloomy, shadowy path to hell. The Dungeon’s pungent stench hit my nostrils, and I walked down the dimly lit corridor.</p>

      <p>Our first monster encounter was a Mandibeetle. I detected it after we veered off from the Pathway Proper and proceeded a small distance away from it. I’d heard the Vart section of Floor 1 hosted a lot of insectoids, and Mandibeetles were one of the monster types I had expected to find. Using <em>Dimension</em>’s ability to track enemies, I always took the initiative and activated a form of the spell called <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>. It was a version of <em>Dimension</em> specialized for battle, narrowing the area of effect in order to dramatically raise the attentiveness and sense of distance demanded by combat.</p>

      <p>From what a mage had told me at the pub, magic changed shape depending on how its user visualized it. And this spell was a good example of that. Through <em>Calculash</em>, I could track every move the enemy monster made.</p>

      <p>“Monster’s by itself. Let’s do this according to plan.”</p>

      <p>“Got it!”</p>

      <p>We stepped into the fray in the formation we’d arranged beforehand. Dia launched into the incantation he needed to chant in order to fire his magic, and I blocked the Mandibeetle from seeing him, pointing my sword at its eyes.</p>

      <p>It charged at me. I brought down my blade with all my might, halting its advance. Fending off its sharp pincers, I deflected and evaded its attacks, positioning myself such that it never went for Dia even as I concentrated on defense.</p>

      <p>Thanks in part to the effects of my magic, I could tell how it would move. There was no indication its twin pincers would ever so much as graze me. Moreover, although I hadn’t fought in a while, I had fought this type of monster before, so I was able to handle it without getting nervous. And most importantly, the creature felt way weaker to me now. After having leveled up, I was faster than before, so the Mandibeetle seemed slower. My muscles were stronger now, so the carapace I hadn’t been able to dent the last time now had cracks in it. The monster no longer inspired the same fear. And at the same time, in that moment, it sunk in just how bizarrely this world’s level system manifested in practical terms.</p>

      <p>“Sieg! I’m firing!”</p>

      <p>As I was keeping the Mandibeetle in check, my companion’s cue came from behind. I shifted to the side so that Dia could see the monster.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow</em>!”</p>

      <p>Dia completed his spell and it emitted a glint of light. From what I’d heard beforehand, <em>Flame Arrow</em> fired a heated arrow of magic energy. It was a beginner spell for fire magic in general, and it seemed to be the only attack spell in Dia’s arsenal.</p>

      <p>The arrow of flame I’d pictured was just that—flames in the shape of an arrow, fired from something akin to a bow. But the reality was totally different. It wasn’t an arrow. It was a beam. A white line spanning space in an instant. It was what could only be called a laser. The eyes couldn’t follow it. The moment it shone was the moment the beam fired, and the moment the beam fired was the moment it was over.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, huh? Hold on, </em>that<em> was </em>Flame Arrow<em>?</em></p>

      <p>“All right!” Thrilled that the attack he’d poured his energy into was a success, he clenched his hands in triumph.</p>

      <p>With a gaping laser hole seared through it, the Mandibeetle faded away. One hit. One hit, and it had died instantly.</p>

      <p>“I killed it! That was almost <em>too</em> easy!” Dia said boisterously behind me.</p>

      <p>It seemed he hadn’t seen how stupefied I looked. “C-Congratulations...” I said woodenly.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, man! This is the first time I’ve ever taken down a monster that size!”</p>

      <p>“I’m happy for ya...” But I was in a cold sweat. Dia didn’t understand how abnormal what he’d just done was. I hadn’t heard tell of magic like <em>that</em> from any source, books and people included. Of course, his magic stat was 23.25, and his elemental magic skill stood at 2.09 (and that wasn’t counting whatever other factors might have come into play). I couldn’t hide the apprehension born of the realization that those numbers could generate a phenomenon of this magnitude.</p>

      <p>In the battles to come, I’d continue operating with a human laser cannon behind me. Sure, I could trust Dia’s character as a person, but we hadn’t known each other for very long. I didn’t know what might happen. Even if there was no malice behind his attack, friendly fire would leave me with a hole in my chest. Lily-livered as I was, I trembled at the thought.</p>

      <p>“Thanks to you,” said Dia, “I could concentrate on my magic. Let’s keep at it!”</p>

      <p>“Okay. Only, be careful when you fire your spell. Like, for real, though. Be <em>reeeal</em> careful.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, you got it! Leave it to me!” Dia was ecstatic about obliterating the monster, which only intensified my anxiety.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>