<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: I Am Diablo Sith</h1>

      <p>Let’s talk about my past.</p>

      <p>The past of the adventurer who currently goes by “Dia.”</p>

      <p>The life of a girl called Diablo Sith.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I don’t have a name. When I was brought into this world, my mother feared me as a demon, and so I was never given a proper name.</p>

      <p>I was born with tremendous magical power. My body also differed from normal people. I had small wings. It appeared I wasn’t purely human. And who could blame the normal human parents of such a child for being afraid of it? They gave me up to be brought up by the village’s church.</p>

      <p>Fortunately, I was treated warmly from that point on. The priest called me the “Apostlekin” and revered me. According to the primary religion of the mainland, the Church of Levahn, the Apostle was considered a divine representative and proxy. The village’s priest constantly expounded the magnificence of my existence and raised me with kindness and respect.</p>

      <p>By the time I turned five, I was known all throughout the village as a miracle-worker. Then, in association with the legends of the village, I came to be referred to as “Sith.” The legendary Apostle, Sith, was said to have alighted from the heavens as God’s envoy, working miracles for the people suffering from poverty. Those tales culminated with Sith marrying the Hero of Legend, and the people of the village being their descendants. Latching onto the “miracles” part of the stories, the villagers kept calling me “Sith.”</p>

      <p>It was around those days that my parents stopped looking at me with fear in their eyes. Yet they wouldn’t treat me, the girl the village worshiped like a deity, as their own flesh and blood either.</p>

      <p>I carried out the duties expected of the “Apostlekin.” The priest taught me how to cast holy magic, and I used that power to heal the villagers when they got wounded. In order to keep monsters that would attack the village away, I shaved away at my life force to erect barriers. For the sake of children who were ill, I spent sleepless nights mastering my magic. My power truly was miraculous.</p>

      <p>Perhaps I childishly believed that if I put in blood, sweat, and tears, I’d get my parents to acknowledge me as their child one day. In any case, I didn’t, in those days, harbor any doubts as to living as this village’s “Apostle.” All that effort and study did for me, though, was further cement my deification. The villagers began bowing their heads to me. To be afraid to look me in the eyes. That was how uncannily potent my power had grown. It didn’t take long for my own parents to start bowing their heads to me. And before long, news of the reborn Apostle Sith made the rounds across each nation.</p>

      <p>By the time I was ten, I’d finally started having a true sense of self. I realized that perfecting my magic for the praise and pleasure of others had isolated me. I understood that my magic power had taken from me my parents, my way of life, and the people around me.</p>

      <p>That was when it happened. When the consolidation of power known as “the state” moved to take possession of me. To the government, my birth village was too small. Using a bad harvest season as their excuse, I was given as tribute to them.</p>

      <p>Looking back, that was the start of it. The moment I fully realized that when people with power want something, they get it.</p>

      <p>From then on, I moved from place to place. Sometimes I was expected to work miracles at a serf lord’s manor house. Other times I was put on display to generate profits for merchants. Yet other times, I simply satisfied the curiosity of aristocrats. In the end, I was made to dedicate prayers to a certain monarch in person. In effect, miracles meant for the poor and needy were being monopolized by the powerful to benefit themselves.</p>

      <p>It was threatening to make me lose sight of my Apostolic duties. I no longer knew what I was living for, or what I wanted out of life. I found myself needing to reconnect with my origins, so I successfully requested the state allow me to look out over my home village.</p>

      <p>There it was, my old hamlet, sprawled out before my eyes. It may have been plain, it may have been simple, but it radiated warmth. I observed the villagers once more—poor but living their lives with the strength they possessed.</p>

      <p>I went to see the house I was born in. There, I saw my parents living their lives with smiles I’d never seen on their faces before. They were walking with a child, hand in hand. My younger brother. At some point unbeknownst to me, I’d gained a younger brother. This stranger of a brother wasn’t so much younger than me, and yet I’d had no idea.</p>

      <p>My brother was out messing about like the little kid he was. He particularly loved any play that made use of swords, repeatedly proclaiming he’d be a swordfighter.</p>

      <p>“How dependable!” smiled my mother.</p>

      <p>“I can teach ya the blade!” smiled my father.</p>

      <p>They were smiling. Laughing.</p>

      <p>“I’m relieved we’ve got a son like you.”</p>

      <p>“I always wanted to be the one to teach my kid the blade if they turned out to be a boy!”</p>

      <p>“You’re a fine young man.”</p>

      <p>“You’re a tough customer, lad. One day, you’ll be a swordfighter not even your old man can beat.”</p>

      <p>“You’re our pride and joy, son!”</p>

      <p>“Our pride and joy...”</p>

      <p>“Our child...”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Something in my heart stirred.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“What about me?” I murmured. “What about me? I worked so hard. I love fairy tales too. I wanted to be a cool swordfighter too, you know. But everyone told me to study magic. They said the Apostle can work miracles through holy magic. I killed myself learning magic, you know. You told me too, Mom, Dad. That’s why I... Why I...”</p>

      <p>The village had many books, particularly books recounting heroic epics and fairy tales so as to pass down plenty of legends. The same went for my house and for my church. Reading was my sole form of entertainment amid all my Apostolic obligations. Or rather, it was the only form of entertainment the village even had. My brother had read the same stories and gained the same admiration for swordfighters that I did.</p>

      <p>“The same... I’m the same...”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, I’d showed myself before my parents. To the government, I’d assured them I’d only observe from afar, but my body moved on its own.</p>

      <p>“L-Lady Sith?!”</p>

      <p>“What are you doing in a place like this?!”</p>

      <p>The second my parents saw me, they hung their heads. That was the moment the stirring in my heart turned to sorrow.</p>

      <p>“Hey, who’s that pretty lady?”</p>

      <p>My own brother didn’t know me. Presumably, my mother and father were hell-bent on keeping him from knowing. They likely raised him with affection, insisting he was their one and only child.</p>

      <p>“I... Well, I’m your—”</p>

      <p>“This is Lady Sith,” said my mother, interrupting me so I couldn’t speak the words. “She’s the Apostle sent down from the heavens.”</p>

      <p>The storm of emotion was so riotous that I wanted to die. To return all creation to ashes and embers. It was the end of my life as the <em>old</em> me, and the birth of the <em>new</em> me.</p>

      <p>After that, I distanced myself from the state, as I’d learned that there had never been a reason I should serve them from the outset. I didn’t think about what might happen to that small village due to my disaffection, and I didn’t want to.</p>

      <p>Now I knew what I wanted. I wanted to be like my kid brother. To be born a boy, to grow up reading chronicles of heroes and aspiring to the blade, chasing my dreams while showered in love by my mother and father. I wanted to become a skillful warrior of the blade and return to my parents’ arms as a gallant sword-wielding hero.</p>

      <p>That was my one wish. And I knew what I needed in order to realize that dream. In the end, only people with power could seize anything and everything. They could rake in money, authority, and whatever else they fancied. I understood that at a young age.</p>

      <p>At the same time, I knew that it’d only be a matter of time before the state got hold of me once again. They knew how useful I was to them. I’d been submissive up to that point, so I was able to go into hiding without much trouble. But any entity with the wealth and influence of the government could and would find and capture me in the near future.</p>

      <p>So I needed to acquire money and power before that happened. The money and power it would take to resist them. I embarked on my journey, my eyes on the stage of the story that shone brightest among all the legends I’d read about—the giant Dungeon that appeared over on the mainland. The heroes who tackled it. Meeting new comrades and bidding them tearful farewells. Looming hardships. The gold and silver waiting beyond those hardships. The glory one can win...</p>

      <p>All the information I had on it was skewed, and I chose the Dungeon as my dream to pursue. I set out not as the Apostle Sith, but as a normal little boy—and boys wanted to be swordfighters. I wanted to forget about the holy magic that had robbed me of what mattered most to me.</p>

      <p>I held on to the fleeting dream that if I did that, I might be able to start everything over. I walked toward the Dungeon on the mainland, making a beeline for it.</p>

      <p>I escaped from brigands. I got fooled by path guides. I got tricked by traders who extended a helping hand only to nearly end up as goods for sale. I almost got eaten by monsters. I ran out of money and food to eat. And the nation I reached at the end of my long journey was Vart.</p>

      <p>I thought I might lose heart from the intensity of it all, but I quickly changed my mind. After all, my heart had been in pieces from the jump. I realized how necrotic, rotten, and malfunctioning it was. If I’d actually wanted money and power, it would have made more sense to use my holy magic. Fixating on the Dungeon wasn’t helping me with my “dream.” My soul had lost all sense of balance. In my folly, I wanted both to coexist.</p>

      <p>Ultimately, I realized that I was just a child. A child that wanted this, that, and everything in between. Greedy, self-centered, self-indulgent, and above all else, pitiful.</p>

      <p>Amid this downward spiral, my body became immobile. I sat down, unable to stand up again. Nothing made sense. I shrank low, and apprehension loosened my tear glands. But I couldn’t afford to cry.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t afford to cry, but...<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Then I met <em>him</em>.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The boy with the black hair and black eyes. The boy with the burn mark down his neck.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you awake?”</p>

      <p>I lifted my head. Someone was there. I couldn’t afford to cry, because I was <em>not</em> a girl. That dumb affectation kept my spirits higher, if only a little.</p>

      <p>That took place one cold winter, on a night magic fell as snow.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The flashback wound down.</p>

      <p>I’d challenged a Guardian, not knowing my place, and my dominant arm was lopped off from the elbow down. Moreover, the now blood-soaked blade that was Tida’s arm was aiming to decapitate me.</p>

      <p>For a moment, for one split second, my eyes locked with Sieg’s. He was on the verge of tears.</p>

      <p>“DIAAAAA!”</p>

      <p>He was wounded all over, but still he intercepted Tida’s blade in order to protect me. The flash of steel was sharp, like those of the heroes I saw in my dreams. The clashing of their blades was too fast for my eyes to track.</p>

      <p>This wasn’t the time or place, but I thought it beautiful. And I was jealous.</p>

      <p>After toppling down, I came to my senses and tried crawling away so as not to get in Sieg’s way, but I realized my mistake—I was missing one of the arms I needed to lift my body up. Off in the distance, I saw my arm on the floor, still gripping the sword. I centered my vision on it, and murmured inwardly as I laughed at myself:</p>

      <p><em>Ahh...so this is the end for me...</em></p>

      <p>What a farce my life was. First I was called “Diablo,” then I was called “the Apostle.” That was why I had tried living as a <em>new</em> me. But that new me’s life was a wretched one. My old self wound up like <em>that</em>, and my new self like <em>this</em>.</p>

      <p>Still on the floor, I stared blankly at the pool my bleeding wound was making. Acute pain like a burning inferno blazed in my right arm; I was gushing crimson like a fountain. With this amount of blood loss, my vital signs were beginning to fail. I could tell that two of the skills I had, Divine Protection and Life Support, were kicking in, but even that wasn’t enough with a wound this grievous. It wouldn’t be long before I died. If I received no emergency treatment, it was only natural.</p>

      <p><em>That’s fine. That’s totally fine. I don’t mind. But I refuse to let </em>Sieg<em> die.</em></p>

      <p>I was the one who’d dragged a mere pub employee into this. And I had to prevent him from dying because of me, no matter what it took. I did everything in my power to save him, my own life be damned. But my life was too cheap a price to pay; could it really be enough?</p>

      <p>I had a decision to make. My dream was more important than my life. This whole time, I’d set my mind on that ideal. But what about Sieg? He was my first companion. The first person to accept the boy named Dia as valid. We’d only known each other for a few days, but he’d given me so much. He took the time to understand me, and he’d become my best friend.</p>

      <p>So in other words...</p>

      <p>My dream was more important than my life, but Sieg had become more important than my dream. As such, I cast the holy magic I’d sworn on my life that I would never use again. I wove the spell. The light I’d grown to loathe spawned from within my body.</p>

      <p>The old me was supposed to be dead. Yet here she was again with her magic. It was nostalgic. I chewed on the nostalgia of it, the sensation of my soul getting whisked away. A feeling that I’d tasted tens of thousands of times.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Blestspell.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>All that was left was to take down this “Tida” monster. It had said it specialized in mental magic, but its true strength lay in its amorphous body. And just like Sieg’s ice magic, I had to make the thing more solid and vulnerable. I had plenty of spells for that. If I used the plethora of holy magics I had drilled into my head since infancy, I could turn the scales so easily.</p>

      <p>A spell of compressed light blanketed the room. I was dizzy, and my vision was fading. But I had to hold on to consciousness. If my brain was too blood-deprived for me to select my spells in a levelheaded way, then I’d just have to choose through intuition.</p>

      <p>I was about to black out. To be swallowed inside darkness was the reality. Nevertheless, I could see the enemy.</p>

      <p><em>Take it down, even if it kills you. Think of nothing else.</em> <em>Protect Sieg. Protect Sieg. Protect Sieg.</em></p>

      <p>I sensed magic forming that pushed my body past its limits. My dream was done for, but what had replaced it was giving me the strength to reach beyond, which was why the old me wanted to protect him at all costs.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The following skill has activated: Overprotection</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Intensifies a portion of your emotion in exchange for some of your emotion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Now, everything that I am exists for Sieg’s sake.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>