<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: The Twentieth Floor Sought You, Ere I Should Vanish Within the Dark</h1>

      <p>In this world, I was relatively strong. I couldn’t tell you why, but this world treated me warmly in that regard. When it came to my talents, my stats, and my magic, I was a force. That was why I was able to get Arken’s party to do as I told them. Over the past few days, I’d come to understand that I was strong enough to pull that off. And I’d ended up demonstrating that strength in the open.</p>

      <p>Put simply, I’d gotten cocky.</p>

      <p>As I’d obtained power comparable to some of this world’s most skilled hands in a few days’ time, I’d gotten haughty enough to labor under the notion that nothing could pose a real threat to me in this Dungeon. But that was a mistake. The Dungeon contained outliers, and I’d been told that only two days prior.</p>

      <p>And the outlier monster that could spell my end, the black liquid humanoid who called itself “Tida,” was gabbing gleefully, glooping down to the ground as it spoke. “I sensed humans hunting Hangshades at breakneck speed, so I came to check and see. I thought this might be the work of a party of six, but it seems I was off the mark.”</p>

      <p>Before its grotesquery, we were speechless. Alarm bells were sounding in my head: <em>This thing is </em>bad<em> news. It’s being way too in-your-face. That’s the way the top of the food chain talks. </em>Then there was the eerieness of the magic energy seeping out of its body. Everything about it screamed danger.</p>

      <p>“Yet what do we have here but a <em>pair</em> of intriguing children... I wonder, how would you like to undergo my crucible here and now? Though humanity has reached the twenty-third floor, you all avoid the challenge on the twentieth. If you defeat me, you’ll be lionized for it,” it continued, sniggering.</p>

      <p>That invitation was like a deal with the devil. As I stood there racking my brain as to what to do about the fiend before my eyes, Dia spoke up in my stead.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re the boss of the twentieth floor? The one nobody’s beaten?”</p>

      <p>“The very same.”</p>

      <p>“You do look just like the rumors say. Everybody knows that not even Glenn, humanity’s strongest adventurer, could take on the trials of the tenth and twentieth floors. You’re that thing of legend?”</p>

      <p>“That takes me back. I duked it out with good ol’ Glenn a few years back. He was on the right track, too, but he came up a hair short.”</p>

      <p>It was a legend, all right. The boss monster that even veteran divers could only flee from. And with that knowledge, there was only one choice for us to make.</p>

      <p>“Run, Dia!” I shouted, rushing back toward the surface.</p>

      <p>There was no need to take any risks here. If it really was the boss of Floor 20, it only made sense to challenge it <em>after</em> getting one’s MP and physical condition in perfect form upon leveling up. This was the fifth floor, and we were Level 6. At the very least, it wasn’t an enemy we ought to be fighting here and now.</p>

      <p>“I wasn’t finished talking. You’re not going anywhere. Alty, if you please.”</p>

      <p>I stopped in my tracks when I saw her. A girl standing in the direction I’d been heading. This “Alty” girl gave off uncanny vibes no less disquieting than Tida’s. Her form was that of a short girl with red hair, and she had a large quantity of glyph-inscribed bandages wrapped around her body. Strangest of all were her legs, which were made not of flesh and blood but pure fire. Green flames spouted from underneath her bandages, and she was floating in the air.</p>

      <p>“Road’s closed,” said this second fiend with a striking air of intimidation.</p>

      <p>I didn’t try to force my way through. Instead, I tried to glean some information.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【DECIMAL GUARDIAN】Thief of Fire’s Essence</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I had no words. Normally, she’d be the sentinel of the tenth floor.</p>

      <p><em>Good god, this is Floor 5! What are </em>multiple<em> bosses from loads of floors ahead doing here?!</em></p>

      <p>“Sieg, we’ve gotta fight,” came Dia’s voice from behind. “I believe in us; working together, we can beat anybody!” In the face of the bosses’ pincer attack, Dia braced himself and drew his sword.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, you can’t be serious! Hold on a second!</em></p>

      <p>Even if Dia engaged them, I didn’t want to. This was all wrong. If these things were really the bosses of Floors 10 and 20, it was odd for them to be on Floor 5. This was anomalous.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Dia!” I had to stop him, deciding there was no choice but to speak with the monster named Tida. Since we could talk to the creature, I reckoned there must be a path away from battle. “Erm...Tida, if I may... Oh, uh, should I call you <em>sir</em>?”</p>

      <p>Tida shook its head, amused.</p>

      <p>“Please don’t call me ‘sir.’ You’re human and I’m a monster. We can’t go setting a bad example.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry about that, Tida. We aren’t looking for a ‘crucible.’ In fact, we’d rather like to exit the Dungeon right away.”</p>

      <p>“I see. No desire to battle, eh? However...we’re humans and monsters. And when we cross paths, we fight! That’s the world’s unwritten rule, is it not?”</p>

      <p><em>This bastard!</em></p>

      <p>Tida had framed it as an invitation, but it seemed it had no intention of giving us a say in the matter. The being of inky darkness throbbed with full life, baring its battle lust.</p>

      <p>“So you mean to fight no matter what. Then I see there’s no point arguing,” I said as I drew closer to Dia. I needed to operate alongside him, whether that was to run or to fight.</p>

      <p>“The Dungeon’s trials exist for the worthy. And you two are worthy. That’s the sense I get.”</p>

      <p>Tida had the feel of a predator unable to resist pouncing. He sang our praises and crowed that he’d be the one to crush us.</p>

      <p>“Sieg, let’s stand our ground, come what may! This is the Dungeon! Things like this can happen!”</p>

      <p>Dia was the same as Tida—he, too, was smiling in the face of this powerful threat, not hiding his will to fight, as if to say he’d be the one to crush <em>it</em>. His impulsiveness was manifesting in the worst way.</p>

      <p>“Oh! You sweet young thing, you <em>understand</em>!” said Tida, rejoicing at Dia’s fighting spirit. “I knew it! You two are superb. You have the talent, but even more importantly, you have those <em>faces</em>. You resemble those heroes of yore so very closely!”</p>

      <p>“You’re right,” whispered Alty from behind. “There is a resemblance.”</p>

      <p>“Now then, let’s throw down, shall we?” said Tida.</p>

      <p>I instantly stood back-to-back with Dia and assumed my battle stance against Alty.</p>

      <p>“Drat,” said Tida at the sight of that. “Two against two isn’t what I want. For a boss battle, it’s one or bust.” With the glibness of somebody talking about the latest fashion trends, it halved its own war power.</p>

      <p>It looked as though the fiend was adhering to some rule or other, and I wondered if I could find a way out through that.</p>

      <p>“Which one of us wants to go first, Alty? Strictly by floor order, you’d be first, since you’re in charge of Floors 1 to 10.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll pass. I’ve still got things to do in this world. Plus, it won’t take long now for all doubt to be cleared up.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then I’ll be the one. You can just seal the chamber. May I ask you to use those flames of yours?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, fine.”</p>

      <p>I was filled with trepidation as I watched the two powerhouses blithely discuss their arrangements. I’d have run if the opportunity had presented itself, but that wasn’t to be. However, from what they were saying, it seemed that if we just waited, we could avoid a two-on-two bout.</p>

      <p>Fire gushed out from Alty’s body, forming barriers of black flame blocking the entrance and exit.</p>

      <p>“It’s right on top of the ley line, so it won’t hold for long. See ya later, Tida.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, thank you.”</p>

      <p>And with that, Alty vanished amid the flames. I might have lost my lunch if we’d had to fight while flanked by two bosses, so this was preferable, but her parting gift had sealed off any avenue of escape.</p>

      <p>“Excellent; the field is ready. Starting now, this place, yes, this very room <em>is</em> the twentieth floor. The floor of Tida, Thief of Darkness’s Essence. Forgive the hasty construction and my being on a work trip, so to speak, but think of this flame-sealed space as the twentieth floor. Now then, you two—it’s time to take on the Vigesimal Trial!”</p>

      <p>Its not-face contorted. This was it; Tida meant business now. The magic squirming through its black liquid body pulsated, and the air convulsed. What humanity it had was scraped away, and it transformed. Its “arms” became blades, its “legs” digitigrade animal legs. Its human shape cast aside, it took a form more appropriate for a monster—that of a brutal beast.</p>

      <p>I cast my dimensional magic at once. “<em>Dimension: Calculash</em>!”</p>

      <p>At the same time, Tida’s black liquid undulated, and it bounded forward like a panther. In the blink of an eye, it pressed close to Dia and brandished its blade-arm.</p>

      <p>“Dia!” I shoved him away, saving him from the killing edge.</p>

      <p>“Ah! I knew it! You can see me coming, can’t you?!”</p>

      <p><em>Sorry I can’t measure up to your lofty expectations, but being able to see you coming doesn’t mean my body can react in time.</em> I shuddered at the realization that I could only draw even with its movements by the skin of my teeth, and that was with <em>Dimension</em>, the core of my battle prowess. If that fell flat, I had nothing to work with. Once again, I entertained the option of fleeing, but I discarded the idea instantly. So long as the enemy’s speed outmatched ours, it wasn’t realistic, and that black blaze couldn’t possibly be your ordinary everyday fire.</p>

      <p>Hoping against hope, I swung my one-handed sword with all my strength at Tida’s inky form.</p>

      <p><em>Clank</em>. My sidelong slash was caught in the fiend’s blade appendages. Then it sent those blades down the flat of my sword. I let go of the weapon to evade Tida’s strike. For a fleeting moment, my sword stood suspended in the air. I clutched it again and thrust it at Tida’s head, a blink-and-you’ll-miss-it move that was at once offense and defense. A brilliant feat made possible by <em>Calculash</em>.</p>

      <p>Yet my foe observed that maneuver and dodged the thrust. “Heh heh heh! Your dexterity and agility are top class! They’re easily Level 20 tier! I knew it! You are worthy!”</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow</em>!”</p>

      <p>A laser pierced its torso, boring a hole through it. Dia had incanted the spell even though he’d been pushed aside. Tida froze up. Seizing this chance, I closed in and slashed our enemy from the tip of the shoulder diagonally down.</p>

      <p>“Yes!” Dia shouted, overjoyed that we’d fully landed every hit in our combo assault.</p>

      <p>Not only was there a hole in Tida, the creature had been bisected too. One couldn’t be blamed for chalking it up as victory, but I didn’t let my guard down, putting some distance between us anyway. My cold sweat was unremitting, the absurd chills down my spine unrelenting.</p>

      <p>“Oh no, I’m afraid that won’t cut it. I’m a monster, you see.” Tida’s not-face fluidly distorted to look like a human visage. The hole in its torso closed up, and its blade-arms further transformed, combining into a large hammer that it swung at me with immense force.</p>

      <p>I considered myself a deft hand at evading stabbing or slashing attacks by narrow margins, but this was the first blunt force attack for me. Taken aback by the sudden change in the enemy’s weapon of choice, the hammer grazed me.</p>

      <p>“Khh! Augh!”</p>

      <p>The impact of the blow was unbelievable despite the fact it had only grazed me. I weighed around sixty kilograms, yet I was blown away like I weighed nothing. I couldn’t even soften my landing, and I tumbled onto the Dungeon floor. For the first time in a while, I tasted a dull pain assailing my whole body. It was then I noticed this was the first time I’d taken damage since I started using <em>Dimension</em>. Cracks started forming in my absolute faith in it.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, I’m impressed. You, the pretty one, your magic blasted me quite some distance. And you, the nimble one, your slashes pack a punch. I suppose I’d have died twice just now,” stated Tida mirthfully, undoing its double-limbed hammer and swinging its liquidy arms.</p>

      <p>As I checked to see what damage I’d taken, I considered the enemy’s special characteristics. <em>Yep, gotta think video game boss.</em> Maybe its true body lay elsewhere. Maybe its weakness was a “core” inside it. Maybe only a certain type of attack worked on it. Or maybe, judging by what it had just said, it needed to be “killed” over and over again. There was a smorgasbord of choices to make.</p>

      <p><em>This is stupid.</em> If it were a video game boss designed for me to beat, I’d make an all-out effort to fight and win. But to be painfully honest, there was no way I could believe this thing had a gamey way to beat it. There had to be times there was no ace up my sleeve that I could use to beat my opponent. If I seriously went at it with Tida, I wouldn’t last long.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh! I take it you’re racking your brain over how to beat me. Truly, I would love to tell you, but then it wouldn’t be much of a test, would it?”</p>

      <p>The bastard excelled at rubbing people the wrong way. <em>If you wanna tell me, just tell me!</em></p>

      <p>“Sieg, what do we do?!”</p>

      <p>“Stay the course! When you see an opening, blast it with holes!”</p>

      <p>I sprang at Tida with all my might. In the end, we still lacked information. There was only one thing I could do in that moment.</p>

      <p>“We’re going full throttle! <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>!”</p>

      <p>We would shred that stupid smirk to pieces!</p>

      <p>“Even faster now, eh?!” it said admiringly, intercepting my desperate rush.</p>

      <p>If I carried on as normal, my sword would never reach it. Besides, given how much MP I had left, I wanted the battle to be brief. My sole hope was to take my chances.</p>

      <p>As I closed the distance, I dropped into a lower stance. Then I whipped the sword I held in my right hand out of the sheath on my left. That was it. That was my plan. But I focused all of my strength and speed into that one attack. A full-speed, full-power flash of steel with no regard for either my magic power or my vitality.</p>

      <p>Tida saw the strike coming and attempted to knock it aside with its right arm-blade. Using <em>Calculash</em> at super high density, I could grasp the situation to the tenth of a second and the movements of objects within this space in units of less than a millimeter. Time ground slower and slower. It felt like a chemical reaction combining the magic power coursing through me and drugs in my brain. Within this solid yet loose stretch of time, I ruminated, contemplated, and deliberated. And I found the optimal maneuver to get the better of my opponent in this split-second clash.</p>

      <p>I struck Tida’s side with the gauntlet on my free hand. The move wouldn’t have worked had it been a single millimeter off, but it met its mark, narrowly shifting the tip of Tida’s swinging edge. As a result, my blade strike won out, slicing the monster through the abdomen.</p>

      <p>But I couldn’t relax just yet; I slashed upward to get Tida in the face. Bisected though it was, the Guardian still tried to swing a blade-arm at me. My hyperaware state of mind allowed me to dodge by a hair’s length.</p>

      <p>Its attack having missed, Tida lost its balance. I slashed and slashed at its head from every angle.</p>

      <p>“Diiiiieeeee!”</p>

      <p>I sliced and slashed and hacked and chopped until Tida fell in scraps and tatters on the ground, the black liquid scattered around as gel. It had been unable to maintain its base form.</p>

      <p>Tida was down. I’d taken it down. If it <em>wasn’t</em> down, then what on earth would it take?</p>

      <p>Yet, I had a bad feeling. The ice covering my heart wouldn’t melt.</p>

      <p>The black liquid wriggled and squirmed, making the shape of a mouth. And it spoke: “Kah, Ha, ha hA, I’m no MaTch. You bEat me in BotH speEd and deXtEritY. DuRing tiMes like theSe, I usE m- Magic to fight.”</p>

      <p>I shrieked before that profane spectacle. “Dia, fire!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll blast you to smithereens!” shouted Dia. “<em>Flame Arrow</em>!”</p>

      <p>Dia’s spell packed noticeably more power. This <em>Flame Arrow</em> was different from usual. It wasn’t the laser that pierced through the air instantly; instead, its range was wider, the firing duration longer. The overwhelming heat burned the body of the monster that lay scattered on the ground, but Tida wasn’t quite burned to smithereens as promised. There were some shreds left, which creeped and crawled like worms, gathering together. Then Tida’s spell was complete.</p>

      <p>“Heh. Heh heh! Spellcast: <em>Wailing Lamb’s Gloom.</em>”</p>

      <p>The second it finished incanting the spell, a black curtain fell over my field of vision.</p>

      <p>“What the—?! The hell is this?!”</p>

      <p>The abrupt pall of darkness left me dazed and confused. <em>Dimension</em> was telling me the light in the room hadn’t changed, which is why I was so bewildered. The change was in <em>me</em>. My sensory <em>experience</em> of darkness was now amplified. It felt as though <em>something</em> concerning my perception of light and dark had been stolen from me. A thin blanket of black hung over the information I picked up through <em>Dimension</em> as well, but it wasn’t black in the physical sense. That wasn’t lost on me. This was a mental darkness. An emotional, spiritual darkness.</p>

      <p>“I’ve taken the liberty of stealing your habituation to the dark,” stated Tida from the blackness. “By another name, I am the Thief of Darkness’s Essence. Only, I’m not called that because I control the element of darkness. I’ve a talent for manipulating the <em>minds</em> and hearts of man. You could consider me a monster specializing in attacks on the mind. I induce adverse effects on all those who touch my darkness without exception.”</p>

      <p>It carried on with pride about its magic. While it didn’t go so far as to mention any weaknesses, I still had to thank Tida for its loose tongue. There was a distinct possibility I could glean a way to victory through our enemy’s gloating. “The element of darkness.” “Mind attacks.” “Adverse effects.” Those terms reawakened a video gamey way of thinking in me.</p>

      <p>“You touched me too many times,” said Tida, chiding my carelessness.</p>

      <p>I could feel the black liquid clinging to my body wriggle. I wasted no time brushing away what I could within reach of my hands. It seemed that in that time, Tida’s body finished mending itself. I could make out a silhouette in the depths of the now-denser darkness. My vision was now almost totally useless, but I could dimly sense via <em>Dimension</em> that the shadowy figure was still a distance away. Thinking about things from a gamer’s perspective, I settled on what to do and focused not on the figure of darkness, but on myself.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 5.29, Mind Taint 1.00, Darkness 1.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I’d gained two new status effects.</p>

      <p>“Now then,” said Tida, “on to Round Two!”</p>

      <p>Before I could take a breather, the shadow and its voice pressed nearer. I wanted to read my menus some more, but it seemed I didn’t have that kind of time.</p>

      <p>“Urgh! I still see shadows!” I had no choice but to slash in the shadow’s direction.</p>

      <p>“Your swings lack clarity.”</p>

      <p>I felt a heat in my shoulder. I didn’t get the tactile sense that I’d cut the shadowy figure. Instead, <em>my</em> left shoulder was slashed.</p>

      <p>“Guh!”</p>

      <p>“You’ve fulfilled the trigger condition again. I’ve entered your being. I suppose I’ll take your legs next. Spellcast: <em>Black Knights’ Palsy</em>.”</p>

      <p>Tida snapped its fingers and my knees gave out. The feeling in my legs was corrupted, and it felt like they were no longer my own. I was unable to remain on my feet.</p>

      <p>“Wha? Huh?!”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know what was happening. My legs had crumpled, and I’d collapsed as soon as Tida had declared its spell was cast. I tried mustering the strength to stand again, but found I no longer knew how to do that—how to stand back up. My body itself was fine; my nerves just weren’t receiving my orders.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 5.30, Mind Taint 2.00, Darkness 1.00, Partial Paralysis 1.00, Blood Loss 0.31</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Now I’m paralyzed too?!</em></p>

      <p>“I will say, magic that’s this strong is tough to pull off unless my sludge is on you. That being said, I suppose with this, it’s already the end for you.”</p>

      <p>Tida’s shadow edged slowly closer. I couldn’t muster any strength, and that high-speed barrage attack had left my MP stores scant. I had no means of resisting.</p>

      <p>I was scared. Dead scared. A freakish fear took dominion over my whole body, accelerated by the clinging darkness. Tida said it had robbed me of my comfort with the dark. The sensation felt like those times an infant cries in the night for no real reason, frightened by the darkness, growing uneasy dwelling on death. It was that sort of unidentifiable but nevertheless gigantic darkness that filled my heart.</p>

      <p>“Aaagggh! S-Stay back! Back, you hear me?!” I wailed like a toddler.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. So you got hit by <em>fear</em> too, huh? I see you too are the owner of a brittle heart,” it said coldly, the joy in its voice gone. “A heart that darkness can engulf. I had high hopes for your talents, but your spirit is weak.”</p>

      <p>Its voice was that of something that wouldn’t balk at slicing the head off the cattle in front of it.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow</em>!”</p>

      <p>A beam of light blitzed through the darkness, interrupting Tida’s little monologue.</p>

      <p>“You okay, Sieg?!” Dia broke into a run, concerned for me and my flagging spirit.</p>

      <p>How could I possibly be okay? I couldn’t fight in this state, and Dia couldn’t fight solo; he’d get slaughtered. I had to dispel Tida’s magic somehow. On an intellectual level, I understood that. But my body wouldn’t stop shaking. The shaking wouldn’t stop!</p>

      <p>“Ahh, the pretty one. I forgot you were there. You’re a one-trick pony, reliant on others and on magic. Oh, I know—if you only know that spell, I’ll steal some phonemes from you. Three ought to do the trick. I won’t even bother taking your whole voice.”</p>

      <p>“What are you yapping about?! You stay away from Sieg! <em>Fla</em>—!”</p>

      <p>Dia’s dismay was palpable; I could tell even beyond the darkness. If Tida meant what it had said, Dia had been rendered “wordless.”</p>

      <p>Against the archetypal status-effect-centric boss, the magic-centric Dia stood little chance. Without me at the front as the advance guard, his success was out of the question. I had to hurry. To do something about this mind magic. I had to be the one to fight. So I needed to soothe my heart.</p>

      <p><em>Wait...my heart?</em></p>

      <p>It was then it dawned on me. If this status effect played off my mind, it was worth attempting.</p>

      <p>“<em>Fla—</em>! <em>Fla</em>—! Ugh! I could say the words just fine a second ago! Why’s it impossible now?!”</p>

      <p>“A mage who can’t even cast spells without incanting is no match for me.”</p>

      <p><em>It’s dark,</em> I thought to myself.</p>

      <p><em>It’s dark so dark and I’m scared I’m afraid to die I don’t wanna die it’s the end I don’t want it to be over not in this bullshit backwater what’ll become of my sister I’m gonna die and she’ll be left with nothing and no one this is such a joke nothing makes sense fuck off with this shit STOOOP</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The following skill has activated: ???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I just had to deliberately speed up my own spiral of fear and anxiety, thereby causing the skill to trigger.</p>

      <p>The curtain of darkness ebbed as my mental state stabilized. I wouldn’t say I was totally back to normal, but I forced myself to put one foot in front of the other. If I recovered my will to fight, I still had a path forward.</p>

      <p>I pressed my trembling feet firmly onto the ground and rushed Tida down. “Get away from Dia!”</p>

      <p>Tida couldn’t dodge my surprise attack, caught off guard by my sudden ability to move again. My sword pierced through its back.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ice</em>! <em>Freeze</em>!”</p>

      <p>I discharged the freezing ice magic from the tip of the sword, unleashing every ice spell in my arsenal. I pictured ice forming inside of Tida’s body and freezing the entirety of the monster, and poured the remainder of my MP into it. Naturally, my MP reached 0 in short order, but the spell didn’t cut short. Not that I had ever verified the assumption that I’d be unable to use magic if my MP reached 0.</p>

      <p>Then it hit me. In place of MP, it was eating through my life force—my maximum HP.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 152/197</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/262</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 140/190</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/262</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 128/183</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/262</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>My health was steadily draining away.</p>

      <p>“Freeze! Freeze, freeze, FREEEEEZE!”</p>

      <p>I staked it all on that one spell, wringing out every ounce of my strength and visualizing Tida freezing over. I <em>detonated</em> my magic. I aimed to bring forth cold waves rivaling the whole of Antarctica. I aimed to suppress every vibration down to the molecular level. I aimed to freeze both the dread fiend named Tida and myself in the process.</p>

      <p>Ice formed inside the monster. The temperature in the chamber plummeted, and the black liquid gradually turned to solid matter. The residual waves froze my wounds as well. I saw stars, and the taste of metal filled my throat.</p>

      <p>I was left defenseless, and Tida’s arm cast off the ice and struck me on the cheek. Then it commended me as it distanced itself from me. “Ghh, urgghh! Not bad!”</p>

      <p>I regained my footing and glared at my enemy. Owing perhaps to “???,” my vision and mind were in good condition. My legs had healed over time as well.</p>

      <p>Tida was laughing loudly from afar as its body creaked and cracked with the ice. “Heh heh, bwah ha ha ha! Tell me, how can you stay on your feet? How are you able to fight on? Excellent! You’re <em>excellent</em>!”</p>

      <p>Going by Tida’s stiff bearing, I surmised the ice spell was working its magic, yet it seemed I’d be hard-pressed to call it a game-winning play. However clumsily it moved, the nightmare was still heading my way.</p>

      <p>Sensing I’d caught it off guard, I decided to throw in some smack talk. “It seems like the magic you call your specialty doesn’t work on me.”</p>

      <p>I pretended I was unfazed, while in reality, I was so exhausted that I thought the blood vessels in my brain might just pop. Yet I put on my best bold front all the same.</p>

      <p>“Doesn’t it?” said Tida. “You succumbed to panic mere moments ago. It’ll take time for you to shed it completely, won’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Maybe. Let’s find out, shall we?”</p>

      <p>Tida was so jazzed about having me as an opponent that I wouldn’t have been surprised if it had burst into song. It approached, that awful “smile” still glued to its not-face.</p>

      <p>I finished checking my status while we spoke.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 101/171</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/262</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS:</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 6</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 4.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 4.21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 5.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 7.24</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 7.23</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 11.43</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 6.61, Mind Taint 0.34, Blood Loss 0.31</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>My MP was nil, and my HP was down by almost half despite having never even taken a direct hit. That rash, devil-may-care explosion of cold had dealt considerable damage to me. Yet I screamed my magic out all the same. “<em>Dimension</em>!”</p>

      <p>I was running on fumes, tapping into my maximum HP, and used what small amount of magic I could draw out to aid in the fight. Tida’s death blade came for me, but I narrowly managed to block it with the flat of my sword. <em>Dimension</em> wasn’t as potent as before, but Tida was also hampered by the ice spell.</p>

      <p>“If you touch me, you can’t avoid my mental magic! Next, I’ll take your hand!”</p>

      <p>It liquefied its free hand and launched its sludge at me. As I was too occupied with fending off its blade-hand, some of the liquid stuck to my skin. Then, the feeling in my sword hand went out of whack, and my sword fell from my...</p>

      <p><em>If my sword falls, I’m dead. I’ll die without a damn thing I can do to stop it. At least spare me that fate. I don’t wanna die. I can’t stand it!</em></p>

      <p><em>This sucks I hate this I don’t wanna die this is the worst I can’t die here stop please no I don’t wanna die I DON’T WANNA DIE</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The following skill has activated: ???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I picked the sword back up, gripping it tight. “AHHHHHHH!” I swung it frantically, trying to slice through Tida’s frozen neck.</p>

      <p>My foe grunted, solidifying its hand in order to block my sword, but it was too slow. It couldn’t erase the openings it had left when it cast its spell and flung its liquid at me. I lopped its arm off before it could harden. The tip of Tida’s elbow, which had begun to freeze, was instantly amputated. The black sludge arm flew through the air.</p>

      <p>In response, Tida retreated, leaping a great distance back and catching its own dismembered limb.</p>

      <p>“Look at you go! So my magic really <em>isn’t</em> working on you! Ha ha ha! See, this is why I can’t get enough of you!”</p>

      <p>Tida tried to reliquefy the arm and reincorporate it into its body, but the frozen segment wouldn’t turn to liquid, meaning only half of it could meld back in. It discarded the frozen bit, which slammed onto the floor and shattered into shards.</p>

      <p>“Looks like parts of you don’t come back to you if they’re frozen.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh. You’ll just have to verify that for yourself through battle.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t mind if I do!” Sensing from Tida’s behavior that if I attacked now, I’d have a chance of victory, I threw myself at the menace.</p>

      <p>“I have, however, gotten used to people resisting magic, same as you. Much of the time, those kinds of mages can only resist specific things.”</p>

      <p>Tida held its blade-arm at the ready and hurled its opposite arm’s inky liquid my way. I reckoned that since I was armed with my “???” skill, that wouldn’t be an issue, so I took the hit as I closed the distance.</p>

      <p>“Your power isn’t all that’s exasperating. Even more so are your composure, feinting, discernment, and observation skills.” Tida distanced itself, smiling.</p>

      <p>Then, a status effect hit my body. My dizziness disappeared, and my head started getting clearer. I was about to trigger “???” but desisted. This wasn’t a state of mind that’d get me killed, and if I did induce it, it’d at the very least open me to attack. As such, I concluded it wasn’t worth going overboard and triggering the skill.</p>

      <p>My urge to act was coming to a boil. “I’m gonna make some more mincemeat outta you!”</p>

      <p>I unleashed a series of sword strikes against Tida, slashing at the monster again and again, but the one-armed fiend blocked every strike.</p>

      <p>“Your moves are stale!” Tida found an opening and sent me flying with a kick. My attack has gotten so close, yet I had failed. The blood rose to my head and, blinded by emotion, I charged at Tida, swinging wildly.</p>

      <p>“S-Sieg, calm down!” shouted Dia, who’d stepped back.</p>

      <p>His remarks annoyed me. I just knew that I’d chop the stupid boss to pieces in no time flat, and I didn’t want him interrupting me.</p>

      <p>“I <em>am</em> calm!”</p>

      <p>“It’s obvious it’s reading you like a book!” Dia replied. “It clearly got in your head!”</p>

      <p><em>Got in my head?</em> I narrowly managed to suppress my irritation and checked my menu.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 92/169</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/262</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 7.61, Mind Taint 2.35, Blood Loss 0.32, Uplift 2.01</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I saw “Mind Taint” and “Uplift” there. I clicked my tongue, then filled my heart with the fear of death once again in order to trigger “???”.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The following skill has activated: ???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>But that didn’t stop my emotional uplift either. The exhilaration in my head wouldn’t abate. Pure belligerence kept on boiling my brain like an open flame.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 92/169</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/262</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Condition: Confusion 8.61, Mind Taint 0.08, Blood Loss 0.32, Uplift 2.01</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Uplift 2.01” wasn’t going away. “???” did nothing to negate it. Then again, maybe it wasn’t recognized as a bad status effect. Besides, the whole idea that it <em>would</em> cancel bad status effects was just conjecture and wishful thinking. There were too many uncertain elements to fight using such an under-studied skill as a linchpin.</p>

      <p>“I knew it—you’re not able to drown it out! I won’t give you the time you need to calm down!”</p>

      <p>Tida swooped down on its perplexed prey. Its sludge swirled in one hand as the blade that was its opposite hand rushed in for the attack. If I evaded the sludge coming at me, I’d be hard-pressed to actually fight, so I ignored it and focused solely on Tida’s blade.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure you don’t need to dodge? Spellcast: <em>Rebel’s Grumbling</em>!”</p>

      <p>A spell permeated my body. It magnified my excitement, nullifying any and all self-control. My blood boiling, I gave in to the urge to continually cross blades with my formidable opponent. I gritted my teeth.</p>

      <p>“I see the fire in your eyes! I love a human with that fire in them!”</p>

      <p>My body charged forward of its own volition. My physical condition was <em>too</em> good; I couldn’t put on the brakes. My seething brain was screaming, clamoring for me to defeat the enemy. Yes, my sword’s speed and force had risen, but I was now incapable of so much as thinking about tactics or technique. Our blades collided over and over, sparks flying. And all the while, Tida’s ink kept eating away at me.</p>

      <p>“Tell me, isn’t this just marvelous?!” Tida cried in singsong tones. “The clashing of sword against sword! Dueling to utter exhaustion! This is what it means to <em>live</em>!”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t deny it. In that moment, I couldn’t get enough. Battling was just so much <em>fun</em>. Even supposing I was playing into Tida’s hands, there was no stopping myself. I was now too attached to this head-on clash, no matter how torturous it was. My HP was running low by then as well, but the idea of retreating never crossed my mind.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh! Bwah ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>Tida’s laughter, the black liquid, both flushed all sense from my empty little head. The dampening of my mind wasn’t an unpleasant sensation. In fact, it was invigorating. The chaff in my heart was peeling away—plans, schemes, consequences, and all the rest of that vulgar drivel was gone. I didn’t need to be fettered by polite fictions or by what would be boons or banes to me.</p>

      <p>I heard my companion’s voice from behind. “Stop, Sieg! If you keep—”</p>

      <p>“Get off my back, Diaaaaa!” I blurted out reflexively. In that moment, anybody who’d get in the way of this blissful moment was my enemy.</p>

      <p>“Sieg!” His voice was growing closer.</p>

      <p>I didn’t let up, swinging my sword in an unceasing flurry. I didn’t look back.</p>

      <p>My life continued ticking down. The more this dragged on, the less sharp and the less hard-hitting my sword became, worsening my prospects and losing me ground. I knew that at this rate I’d be defeated, but I couldn’t make the connection that I should change my strategy.</p>

      <p>Tida’s blade continued to fend mine off, and slowly but surely, it approached my flesh. The situation was becoming increasingly dire. Then, at last, it swung the blade for my neck—the winning move.</p>

      <p>It seemed my end was at hand. This was my limit after doing nothing but whale on it recklessly. I was left without an ounce of strength—the price of my foolhardy onrush. I was wide open, and Tida capitalized on that, thrusting its blade toward my throat—<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Before it could reach me, Dia jumped between us.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>He did it to protect me.</p>

      <p>Blood sprayed through the darkness. The stroke of Tida’s blade slashed Dia diagonally from the shoulder, but Dia swung his blade at Tida regardless, to no avail. Tida’s second strike lopped off Dia’s sword arm.</p>

      <p>Drenched in blood, Dia collapsed.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Augh...”</p>

      <p>I watched his severed arm fly through the air.</p>

      <p>The sense of euphoria that had controlled me was snuffed out in an instant, replaced by a savage chill like an icicle down my spine.</p>

      <p>“Aughhhhhhh!”</p>

      <p>I saw the person in whom my heart had set root break in slow motion. Memories of the time I first met Dia flashed before my eyes.</p>

      <p>When all was said and done, he was a stranger to me. A tool to be exploited for my benefit. If push came to shove, using him as a human shield was the clever play. It was only natural to use and discard him. That Dia took that blow for me was luckier than not for m—<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>No</em>.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The person I didn’t want to lose, the person I treasured, was going to pieces. That was no stroke of luck. I wouldn’t let Tida get away with cutting him down. And more so, I couldn’t forgive myself for making him take the hit for me. My rage had two objects—Tida and Siegfried. An emotion not unlike lightning. My voice trembled. “DIAAAAA!”</p>

      <p>It lasted a split second. For one fleeting moment, my eyes locked with his. And in that instant, I didn’t know whether it was his eyes that were pleading for help or my own. But somehow, I was sure of one thing—the one who’d unconsciously been seeking salvation this whole time was <em>me</em>.</p>

      <p>Anybody would have sufficed. I just didn’t want to tackle the Dungeon alone. No matter how brave a front I put on, I hated the idea of being all alone in a world like this. It was just that Diablo Sith happened to be the one who’d caught my eye. I had thought I might die at any moment, so I’d extended a hand, thinking I could win him over to my side and have some peace of mind. And then, for good or for ill, we became comrades. If I wasn’t mistaken, we could have even become friends.</p>

      <p>But if my partner died here, I’d be alone in the dungeon again.</p>

      <p>By “dungeon,” I didn’t mean this dark, dingy hunk of rock. I meant the dungeon that was this endlessly vast fantasy world. Once I got a taste of companionship, the terror of solitude only swelled many times over. I was filled with feelings both pure (wanting to save Dia because he’s my friend) and self-serving (wanting to do so to save my own skin), and this glut of emotion no longer had anywhere to go. So I moved.</p>

      <p>“GET OFF HIM!”</p>

      <p>I deflected Tida’s blade as its third strike was aiming to cut Dia’s head off, and I forced the monster to retreat by slamming it with my body. I rushed over to the fallen Dia, and my heart skipped a beat when I saw his eyes. They were hollow and devoid of life. He was looking at his own right arm, which was tragically on the floor, still clutching his sword. He kept gazing at it in a stupor.</p>

      <p>There was so much blood pouring out of him; death was obviously approaching.</p>

      <p>Tida wobbled back to its battle stance. “That caught me by surprise. It’s so beautiful how humans help one another...and the fact that it’s futile makes it all the more so.”</p>

      <p>It looked as though to this destruction-monger, Dia’s deed was admirable. If I didn’t know better, I thought it might even break into applause as it drew closer. But its palpable bloodlust made it clear that it wasn’t about to pull its punches.</p>

      <p>I held my sword at the ready and racked my brain, thinking only of how to kill the damn thing. In order to save the gravely injured Dia, I had no choice but to try slaying it as quickly as possible. Thankfully, the battle euphoria that had robbed me of rational thought had given way to fear. Not the fear of dying myself, but of my friend dying. I might go wild with rage, but there was absolutely no way my body would freeze.</p>

      <p>Looking to smash Tida’s frozen body, I lunged. My chances of success weren’t promising, but there was one element I could use to outwit it.</p>

      <p>“Turned your fear into sheer rage, have you? In that case, I’ll cast my magic once aga— Huh?!”</p>

      <p>It’d taken Tida one look at my face to instantly grasp the situation. But as it was about to hone in on me, its eyes reeled wide open in apparent shock.</p>

      <p>Tida’s gaze was trained on something behind me.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Blestspell of Sion.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>A voice that was neither mine nor Tida’s reverberated through the chamber. The fiend instantly leaped back and assumed a defensive posture. Seeing the distance that had opened up between the enemy and me, I looked behind me.</p>

      <p>Bubbles of light. There were bubbles of light. It was like something out of a dream. They were several meters in diameter, and they were crowding the air.</p>

      <p>“What?!” My eyes opened wide, just like Tida’s.</p>

      <p>At the center of the light, Dia stood up, still covered in blood. His hollow eyes were glaring Tida’s way. Unfazed by the endless gushing of his own blood, he swung his severed arm, drawing blood patterns on the ground. This caused the countless light bubbles to run amok. The raging torrent swallowed Tida and me alike. The magic energy’s sheer pressure bore down on me.</p>

      <p>The light bubbles didn’t have any physical mass, but they did effectively inhibit magical power. The <em>Dimension</em> field I had set up around me began to distort, but Dia cast spell after spell regardless.</p>

      <p>Light magic that interfered with all magic powers—Holy Magic. This skill was Dia’s greatest specialty. His proper magic gift.</p>

      <p>“Blestspell: <em>Full Cure</em>. Blestspell: <em>Strass Field</em>. <em>Divine Arrow</em>. <em>Divine Arrow</em>. <em>Divine</em>...”</p>

      <p>The magic didn’t discriminate. The healing spell stopped Dia’s bleeding and mended my cuts, but it also infused Tida with light. The offensive spell, meanwhile, didn’t zero in on any targets, instead shooting all over the Dungeon. Anyone with eyes could tell that Dia was frenzied. I could sense his hostility toward Tida, but no consideration was being made for his ally in the crossfire. At that realization, I distanced myself from him in a cold sweat.</p>

      <p>At the same time, I knew this afforded me a prime opportunity. Whatever was happening, Dia wasn’t bleeding anymore. I didn’t know whether there’d been some factor previously restricting his use of holy magic, or whether he’d ever used it to begin with. What was certain was that with this, Tida wasn’t sitting pretty anymore. The light bubbles’ magic solidified Tida’s fluid body, and I could see how frantically it was dodging all of the spells.</p>

      <p>I took my eyes off Dia and rushed straight at our foe. If I got hit by some spell in the process, so be it. With everything on the line, I set up my final attack.</p>

      <p>My vision was tinged red, and I tasted metal in my mouth. My legs were heavy as lead, and I had no feeling in either arm. There could be no doubt I had far surpassed my body’s actual limits. Yet I ran, putting all of the healing Dia granted me into my limbs.</p>

      <p>Tida saw how quickly I was approaching and immediately understood that my attack was a desperate gamble. It shifted to a counterattack stance. I jumped at it, ready and willing to be stabbed or slashed wherever Tida’s blade saw fit—unless it was the hand gripping my sword.</p>

      <p>Tida read me and swung its arm-blade for my hand. I couldn’t dodge it given how far forward I was leaning and how fast I was going. It sliced the back of my hand, and I dropped my sword. Without it, I couldn’t deal a lethal blow. Tida knew that and warped its “face” into a victorious smile.</p>

      <p>All according to plan.</p>

      <p>I grabbed Tida’s blade with the hand it had cut. A look of surprise came over its “face,” and it tried to move the blade I’d grasped, but it was too late. I used my free left hand to extract my spare blade from my inventory and sliced through Tida’s neck in one clean motion.</p>

      <p>The horror’s head went flying.</p>

      <p>I could feel it—I hadn’t sliced through liquid, but through solid flesh. Thanks to my ice magic and Dia’s holy magic, Tida had completely solidified. Its headless body went limp, but I couldn’t let my guard down yet. I cut its arms and legs and pierced its heart, sealing the deal as much as I could. Then I shifted my focus to its head on the floor, which was staring at me. Its expression was one of surprise, but also of delight.</p>

      <p>“AhH, a<em>h</em>h, v-vicTory is y-you<em>r</em>s,” said the disembodied head.</p>

      <p>Following that declaration, the berserk storm of magic subsided. I looked behind me to find Dia on his knees, suffering. If I had to guess, his mania had faded after seeing that his sworn enemy had been cut down to size. He was holding his head, perhaps because of the recoil from the long string of spells straining him beyond his limits.</p>

      <p>I was panting something fierce. “Yep, you said it. Looks like this fight is ours.” I stood ready to deliver the coup de grace.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. That was fun. That last spell brought back memories.” Tida smiled with delight at the fact it had lost.</p>

      <p>Its end was abrupt. A surprise attack hinging on the inventory system. It seemed Tida could have never predicted I’d pull a sword out of thin air.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>