<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>Shouldn’t stay here any longer than this.</em></p>

      <p>“Now, allow me to explain—” the man tried to continue.</p>

      <p>“No, that’s all right. I’ll leave it there for today. I found out what I wanted to know.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then we eagerly await your next visit, sir.”</p>

      <p>I turned my back on the fellow bowing so deferentially and fled the establishment. I’d managed to obtain valuable information about slaves, and in the end my misadventure had yielded only good results. Yet I felt like dirt.</p>

      <p>I exited the dim, gloomy back alley and slipped back onto the streets. Before I knew it, the sun had sunk down. I was out of time, so I headed to the pub for work. For some reason, my steps felt heavy. No, I take that back—I knew full well why. I’d gotten carried away and let the people of this world get too close. As my reward, I had encountered a girl I should never have run across.</p>

      <p>No matter how many times my “???” skill activated, my gamer-think was slowly but steadily melting away. Or, more accurately, reality and “fantasy” were becoming decompartmentalized. And I found myself giving my world more than a passing thought even as I struggled in this one, and even though I knew it wouldn’t help me.</p>

      <p>I suppressed my wavering heart and plodded forward like my life depended on it. I begged to be allowed to go on thinking of everything as a game for just a little while longer, but that was not to be. The thoughts I’d endeavored not to dwell on came bubbling up into my mind. That black-haired, black-eyed little girl had dealt the killing blow. Those empty eyes. That lifeless hair. That emaciated body. That piece of cloth they called clothing. Everything about her reminded me of the apple of my eye.</p>

      <p>I reached the pub and tried to dispel the memories floating up by pouring all my might into my work, but if I dwelled on it for a second, I couldn’t escape the flood. After getting off work, I went straight to my corner of the building and slid under my blanket.</p>

      <p>I wanted to avoid squandering activations of “???” if possible. I’d already relied on it once that day. As such, I emptied my mind. If I could just fall asleep, I’d be freed of the feelings doggedly chasing me. If I could make it through the night, my turmoil would subside a little. <em>That’s just human nature.</em> Or so I told myself before closing my eyes.</p>

      <p>Frantically, I took refuge in sleep. My consciousness faded, as though I were descending toward the bottom of a deep lake. But flee, flee, flee as I might—it closed in on me in my dreams.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The dream I dreamed was a dream, but also, it was a squaring up of memories past. Evidently, the events I experienced in my world came back to me in dream form. However, the memories weren’t reproduced without some fuzziness. As might be expected of a dream, the visions contained plenty of static and noise, like a roll of film.</p>

      <p>Yet I knew exactly what I was seeing. This dream was my memory of that fateful day. The day the me who lived in that world made up his mind on how he’d go on living. A recollection concerning the roots of Aikawa Kanami.</p>

      <p>On that day, I was in a hospital room, opposite my beloved little sister. She was smiling amiably. My one and only sister in the whole wide world—Aikawa Hitaki. A girl with long black locks, and my pride and joy. She spoke so politely, she could even be called a yamato nadeshiko.</p>

      <p>Hitaki’s body was almost as white as the bed on which she was sitting. She moved her sickly, thin white arms and crinkled her immaculately white hospital robe, brushing up her black hair. Her jet-colored tresses contrasted so harshly against her snow-white skin that it was almost criminal how nice it looked in this pocket of space called a hospital. Her flowing black locks were that dignified, that impeccable.</p>

      <p>I heard Hitaki speak, her voice like the tinkle of a bell. “Kanami...you came to see me today too?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. From now on, I’m gonna visit every day.”</p>

      <p>That shouldn’t have been surprising. Hitaki was ill. And I was the source of that sickness. There was no way I’d fail to come see her.</p>

      <p>“Every day? <em>You</em>, Kanami? I could be wrong, but are pigs flying outside?” She chuckled softly.</p>

      <p>“Yep. From here on out, I’m gonna be by your side,” I vowed earnestly, undaunted by her sarcastic comment.</p>

      <p>“But you can’t play the video games you love so much here. You don’t mind that?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that does suck. But I can take it. I mean, I’m all you’ve got. I don’t got the time to be playing video games. I’m gonna protect you from here on out. I’m gonna protect you, just you watch!”</p>

      <p>On that day, the entities known as our parents vanished from our family. We erased them. And the Kanami family became a single pair of siblings. Which was the reason I decided she would now be the most precious thing in the world to me and vice versa.</p>

      <p>“Really, Kanami? From here on out...”</p>

      <p>“Yep. I’ll protect you. I’ll be here for you forever.”</p>

      <p>Up until that day, I hadn’t been able to do so much as the bare minimum as her brother. I’d run away from the conceptual unit known as the Aikawa Family and treated not just my parents but even my little sister as “that which isn’t there.” She had soldiered on all that time alone, and yet I, the older sibling, escaped from it all. It was pitiful and deplorable of me. I had to atone.</p>

      <p>“I’m happy to hear that...at long last...you finally see me...”</p>

      <p>Trembling, Hitaki placed her hands on her chest, and her eyes teared up. Her sheer frailty was hard to watch, but I wouldn’t permit myself to avert my gaze. After all, I was the one who had driven her to this state. It was none other than her big brother who’d damaged her. I held her quivering body in my arms and hugged her. I’d be there for her until her tears stopped, until her shaking stopped, until the sadness was healed.</p>

      <p>Hitaki listened to my heartbeat, and gently, she opened her petite lips. The way she spoke, she seemed relieved to her core. “So we’re together forever now... I’m so happy...”</p>

      <p>“I promise. Together forever.”</p>

      <p>That was the promise I had made to her. Together forever. And that was everything to me—to the kid named Aikawa Kanami, not Siegfried Vizzita, resident of this fantasy world.</p>

      <p>And yet...<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>If I wake from this dream, we’ll stop being together.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I knew I’d be pulled back to reality. The reality where we were separated across worlds, me alone here, and her alone in my original world. Come what may, I absolutely, positively needed to return to that world—even if the attempt cost me my life. Without me, my invalid sister wouldn’t be able to keep on living. My tender and kind sister, meeting an unhappy end due to some illness? Not on my watch. I was the only one allowed to suffer that kind of sorrow. The sooner I effected my great return, the better.</p>

      <p>“Mark my words, kiddo, I <em>will</em> save you! I’ll do anything it takes!”</p>

      <p>I extended a hand to her, to the sister I had sworn to protect, but it didn’t reach her. Having now acted in a way that conflicted with my memory, the hospital room in my dream became unable to recreate the past. The dream started falling apart, the space breaking away like disconnecting puzzle pieces. The windows and door fell away, as did the lights, the furniture, the ceiling, and the floor. And lastly, the bed, and Hitaki along with it. The dream was engulfed by darkness.</p>

      <p>When I awoke, I would probably forget I had ever dreamed this. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be able to go on living in this world, to keep my composure and explore the Dungeon in a logical fashion. In fact, I might just go insane from the frustration and guilt. I’d probably end up trying to make it all the way to the deepest level of the Dungeon without eating or drinking. That would just be a reckless nosedive without the slightest benefit. It’d be of no use to Hitaki.</p>

      <p>I had no choice but to try not to think about her. I had to bottle up Aikawa Kanami and inhabit the skin of Siegfried Vizzita, the boy who thinks about returning to that world and naught else. It couldn’t be helped if this was the optimal way to do it.</p>

      <p>Any second now, I’d open my eyes. I could sense the darkness attenuating and my awakening approaching. Once I was awake, I’d be alone again. I’d be the lone adventurer Siegfried Vizzita, who sought the deepest level of the fantasy world Dungeon, again. And it would be trying. More than trying; it’d be agony.</p>

      <p>Light filled the darkness. I was enveloped in a light that burned my body. And then, I opened my eyes.</p>

      <p>I was conscious again—and I was alone again.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The next morning, I was fully awake and began preparing matter-of-factly for another dive. No one important to me was here. I stood alone in this world, so I didn’t have the time to be grumbling or complaining.</p>

      <p>I went shopping first thing in the morning, loading up on the stuff I needed for the Dungeon. I’d earned a fair amount of money, so I bought arms and armor as well. Then I met up with Dia.</p>

      <p>I had a cheap gauntlet equipped on my left arm and a spare sword stored in my inventory. I gave Dia a light chestplate. He declined at first, but I insisted he absolutely needed some investment in defense, and I managed to convince him.</p>

      <p>We stopped by the church, where I conducted my pre-Dungeon preparedness checks.</p>

      <p>“Sieg! I asked the priest and he said I’m Level 6!” Dia’s boyish joy put a smile on my face.</p>

      <p>“That’s great. For your information, I’m also Level 6.” I checked out our stats.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 189/197</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 262/262</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS:</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 6</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 4.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 4.21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 5.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 7.24</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 7.23</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 11.43</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 5.31</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EXP: 1094/3200</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EQUIPMENT: One-Handed Steel Sword, Otherworld Garb, Largish Cloak, Otherworld Footwear, Leather Gauntlet</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Diablo Sith</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 98/112</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 631/631</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Swordfighter</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 6</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 3.62</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 3.43</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 2.14</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 2.08</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 5.67</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 34.35</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 5.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Protection 1.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EXP: 321/3200</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EQUIPMENT: Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan, Hairclip of I’lia, Fine-Quality Cloth Garb, Leather Chestplate, Mantle, Leather Shoes</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>We’d both rocketed up in level, and all of our stats had risen sharply. I’d spent all my bonus points on MP to increase my staying power. Dia’s gains in strength and vitality were a pleasant surprise. His was such a magic-specialized build that I’d thought those stats might never grow at all, so I was a little relieved.</p>

      <p>If anything made me uneasy, it was the “Class” section of our menus. Mine was still blank, while Dia’s was set to “Swordfighter.” Maybe Dia’s strength and vitality were up thanks to the benefits of that class. Assuming there were class-related bonuses when one leveled up, I’d wasted six levels’ worth of bonuses by not having a class. I wanted to urgently resolve that issue but had yet to make progress on that front. There was nothing about acquiring a class in any books, and asking at the pub was no use; they just asked me if I was talking about jobs or occupations. I asked Dia how he’d become a swordfighter only for him to tell me, “If you hold a sword, you’re a swordfighter.” I saw patterns regarding what type of person fell into which class, but the specific conditions were lost on me.</p>

      <p>While I was pondering the subject, Dia voiced a suggestion. “If we’re at Level 6, then I bet we can dive pretty deep. Let’s take our time and explore a bunch today.”</p>

      <p>“Good idea. I’m off work today anyway.”</p>

      <p>“What, really? You’re off?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, for the most part I’m off once every three days. They said they’re not open on hihori days.”</p>

      <p>Hihori. The word was written using the symbols for “sun” and “celebration.” If I had to guess, it corresponded with what people back in my world would call Sunday.</p>

      <p>“Ah, cool. In that case, let’s see how far we can get after diving for a whole day!”</p>

      <p>“I can dig it.”</p>

      <p>Given our current levels, I estimated we could fight up until around Floor 10. In truth, our levels were lower than the recommended level for the Floor 10 area and thereabouts. But with the growth rate of our abilities being abnormally high, our skills were just too strong. Despite only being Level 6, our stats were on par with Level 10 adventurers. I suspected the “aptitude” stat was related to that. For me it was 7.00, and for Dia it stood at 5.00.</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s get a move on!”</p>

      <p>Dia rushed toward the Dungeon triumphantly, and I followed. As we’d be sticking to the Pathway, the section the state had conquered, I saw no problem with Dia leading the way. I walked behind him, feeling like an older sibling watching over a rascally little brother or sister.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“Third floor, baby!”</p>

      <p>After about an hour, we’d reached Floor 3. Likely thanks to our stat boosts, we didn’t feel particularly exhausted. In fact, Dia was positively elated.</p>

      <p>It was uncommon for monsters to appear on the Pathway, as the state had laid down that road with a barrier for the benefit of the people. I’d gotten hurt because I hadn’t known about the Pathway, so the folks at the pub had informed me about it at length. The Pathway wound through the shortest distance between floors, so as long as one proceeded down it, they’d reach the next floor without difficulty. The Pathway reached all the way to the twenty-third level, marking that as humanity’s current state of progression through the Dungeon. That the Pathway reached that far was thanks to the achievements of a hero named Glenn, the adventurer said to be the strongest among all mankind.</p>

      <p>However, in recent years, progress on the Pathway had stagnated. While they’d laid down twenty floors’ worth soon after the Dungeon was born, only three more floors’ worth had been added in the past few years. I kept hearing how the Dungeon was a wildly different beast starting from Floor 20. For one thing, though they had successfully laid down the Pathway on those floors, it wasn’t as though all of the trials and challenges on those floors had been cleared. Even Glenn, the strongest adventurer, hadn’t been able to beat the Guardians of the tenth and twentieth floors and was only putting them off. Going by those rumors, the prospects for future Dungeon exploration seemed thorny.</p>

      <p>“We can go even deeper too. By my estimate, we’ll reach the tenth floor today.”</p>

      <p>“What, really?!”</p>

      <p>“We’ll be following the Pathway, so it’s no big deal. We’ll see the levels of the enemies when we fight one per floor.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, Sieg. If it’s from your mouth, I believe it.”</p>

      <p>His levels of trust in me seemed oddly high, but since that saved me a ton of trouble, I didn’t dwell on it.</p>

      <p>“That said, I’ll be leading the way soon. It’s not like enemies never appear on the Pathway. In a pinch, I need to act as your shield.”</p>

      <p>“But, uhh, now that I’m Level 6 and all, I was thinking I should show off my sword skills...”</p>

      <p>“Sure, you can use the sword up till Floor 5.”</p>

      <p>“Look, I know I shouldn’t, I <em>know</em>, but even so, the blade— Wait, hold on, did you say it’s okay?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine, up till Floor 5.”</p>

      <p>I’d considered my response to Dia’s sword plea ahead of time. Judging by his Level 6 stats, he could win fights, albeit with my support. His strength stat was already close to 4.00, which was worlds apart from when it was below 1.00. This time, his attacks should inflict damage. One of the pieces of information I’d learned at the pub was that warriors with strength stats between 3.00 to 5.00 could hack it up to Floor 5. That was how important levels and strength stats were.</p>

      <p>Besides, if Dia gained experience in close-quarters combat, and I gained experience in long-distance combat, that could only pay dividends down the line.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Sieg!”</p>

      <p>“It’s nothing. I just concluded that you shouldn’t face any issues if it’s only up till Floor 5, so—hey, don’t cling to me like that!”</p>

      <p>Dia expressed his joy bodily, glomping onto me, and I, disconcerted, shook free of his embrace. Dia had his hair short and claimed to be a boy, but his face was that of a beautiful, fair-skinned girl. If he came too close, I’d stop being able to ignore that fact. Even worse, the glomp reminded me of my little sister, which was my biggest taboo. If I started thinking about her, I’d have trouble suppressing the urge to rush all the way to the hundredth floor, which would serve no purpose. To the best of my ability, I had to try not to be reminded of Hitaki.</p>

      <p>For the time being, one floor deeper a day sounded good. I figured I should be pretty satisfied if I could reach the hundredth floor within a year. If I lost my cool and triggered “???” for no reason, or if I pushed my luck recklessly and got seriously wounded, everything would come to nothing. At the very least, I wouldn’t let Aikawa Kanami out of his cage for another year. I was Sieg, the Dungeon diver aiming for the deepest level, and for now it was fine that way.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha! All right, now let’s exit the Pathway and fight us some monsters!” Dia cried.</p>

      <p>“Wait, I feel like taking a detour like that’ll eat a ton of time.”</p>

      <p>“But if we keep to the Pathway until Floor 5, we might never bump into an enemy!”</p>

      <p>“Hrmm, I guess it can’t be helped.” I figured it’d take even more time to dissuade a hyped-up Dia, so I reluctantly agreed.</p>

      <p>“Off we go!”</p>

      <p>Dia left the Pathway to find some monsters. I was right behind him, detecting enemies using <em>Dimension</em>. After a few minutes, my radar picked up a presence. It was a large winged fish swimming through the air. The third floor contained many lakes, rivers, and other bodies of water, so the appearance rate of aquatic monsters was high, with Skyfish being particularly common. I’m pretty sure that if this thing were discovered back in my world, it’d make the news.</p>

      <p>“Dia, there’s a monster around the next turn. It’s called a Skyfish. It’s a fish that swims through the air. Be careful not to get bit.”</p>

      <p>“Got it!”</p>

      <p>Frankly, if one was armed with the information, then the fight was decided. To say battles hinged on intel was no exaggeration. I remembered that one line in Sun Tzu or whatever, which made me realize anew how <em>Dimension</em> was downright cheating.</p>

      <p>“Hi-ya!” At the bend in the path, Dia closed the distance and swung his sword.</p>

      <p>The first stroke of his sword was dodged; perhaps he’d overexerted himself. The Skyfish tried to bite its sudden assailant, but Dia blocked it with the flat of his sword. It appeared he could track the Skyfish’s movements, no problem. Besides, I thought to myself coldly as I cast my attack spell, it wasn’t as though I’d be the one getting hurt.</p>

      <p>“Mock <em>Ice Arrow</em>.”</p>

      <p>The spell took all my concentration. It was a new application of the spell (named <em>Ice</em>) that had previously been so useless. Of course, I’d been lower level back then too, but what I had lacked most of all was the mind’s-eye visualization of the magic. I’d come up with this fresh form of my ice magic based on what the mages I talked to at the pub told me—the mental image was important. When it came time to generate the ice I wanted, I imagined it pointy and sharp, long as an arrow, with an arrowhead of ice at the tip. After a few seconds, an ice arrow was there in my fingertips, just as I’d pictured it. Only, I couldn’t fire it out right away like in a video game. If I could, it’d be a true <em>Ice Arrow</em> spell.</p>

      <p>I grabbed the arrow of ice. “Dia, I’m gonna throw this ice arrow at it, so fall back half a pace!”</p>

      <p>“Yep, got it.”</p>

      <p>Dia fell back a tiny bit from the Skyfish he was squaring off against. Through my <em>Dimension</em>-fueled<em> </em>grasp of the surrounding space, I threw it with precision. My strength and dexterity were enhanced by being at Level 6, so my throwing arm was nothing to sneeze at. I struck the Skyfish with frightening speed and accuracy.</p>

      <p>However, it was a Floor 3 monster, not a Floor 1 one. It saw the ice arrow coming and attempted to twist its body out of the way. The arrow grazed its wing, which threw it off-balance. Dia didn’t let that opening go to waste, and his blade sliced it in two. Apparently, he’d grown strong enough to fell a monster of its caliber in one blow.</p>

      <p>“I... I did it! I took it down!”</p>

      <p>Dia goggled at the bisected fish and his sword like he couldn’t believe it. Shortly thereafter, the creature turned into light and faded away.</p>

      <p>“Congrats.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Sieg. It’s like, how should I put it...I’m just filled with emotion, ya know? I’ve been dreaming about this since I was a kid. Taking down a monster with this sword.” He gripped its hilt tight.</p>

      <p>I took it he had some kind of emotional attachment to the weapon, which had grown worn from use. I could tell it was a fine blade:<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【TREASURED BLADE OF THE ARRACE CLAN】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Attack Power 5. 20% of user’s DEX added to Attack Power.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Right then, let’s dive deeper and take down some enemies while we’re at it, shall we?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah!” replied Dia, the doubt on his face gone.</p>

      <p>While I didn’t want him getting a taste for doing battle with a blade, the fun he was having was infectious. We repeated that pattern for a handful of fights, and we were never on the back foot against the monsters on that floor. It did take a lot of time, but the creatures we encountered were all killable, even with Dia as the advance guard.</p>

      <p>We cleared the third and fourth levels without a hitch and proceeded to the fifth floor. We were around the midpoint of the fifth level when we first saw the dark clouds forming. A monster by the name of Onyx Scorpion proved agile enough to slip past Dia’s sword.</p>

      <p>“Dia, watch out!”</p>

      <p>“Augh, sorry!”</p>

      <p>I jumped in front of him and used my sword to block the scorpion’s attack. Flustered by how close the monster had come to landing a direct hit, he fell back to the rear. Once he had reached safety, I switched normal <em>Dimension</em> to <em>Dimension: Calculash</em> and slashed at the monster with all my might. Without Dia’s backup, I figured offense was the best defense. I didn’t block the enemy’s attacks with my sword, opting instead to dodge them outright and then thrusting my sword at its guts. The blade penetrated the Onyx Scorpion’s exoskeleton, and the monster faded away, turning into light.</p>

      <p>“Phew, that was a close one.”</p>

      <p>“Th-Thanks, Sieg. You all right?” Timidly, he looked at my face to gauge how I was doing. Maybe it seemed to him as though I’d been in a dangerous spot back there. Thanks to <em>Dimension, </em>I’d won comfortably, but it appeared Dia was worried about me.</p>

      <p>“It’s all right.”</p>

      <p>“But Sieg—”</p>

      <p>“Hey,” came a deep male voice, interrupting him, “you were this close to dyin’ back there, weren’t ya?”</p>

      <p>“It’s <em>you</em>!”</p>

      <p>“If it ain’t the Level 1 brat! And what a surprise, seein’ ya almost bite it on a floor that’s outta your league! NOT! Ha ha!”</p>

      <p>A man carrying a greatsword appeared, with three others who were likely his allies close by. This was no surprise to me; I’d sensed their approach via <em>Dimension</em>. I hadn’t paid them much mind, as a fight against people who were only high level enough to be on this floor posed no challenge to us.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, I recognize that guy. Oh, yeah, he’s </em>that<em> guy...</em></p>

      <p>The man who’d mocked Dia at the pub back when he was Level 1. I couldn’t remember his name.</p>

      <p>“Shut up!” said Dia. “I wouldn’t have died to that! I just let my guard down, that’s all!”</p>

      <p>“What’s that? You ‘let your guard down’? In the Dungeon?! Awful casual, aren’t ya? I ain’t gonna be surprised if you wind up dead.”</p>

      <p>It seemed the man and Dia got along like cats and dogs. The two were trading barbs and ignoring me altogether. Incidentally, my menu-sight told me he was a Level 9 swordfighter by the name of Arken. His fellow party members were much the same, without any talents or abilities worth mentioning. Looking at their stats, I concluded I could handle the entire party by myself. Plus, there were no monsters around. I saw no danger in it, so I just stood by and watched as the two quarreled.</p>

      <p>“You lookin’ for a fight, ya bastard?!”</p>

      <p>“Whoa there, brat. If we went at it, that’d just be us pickin’ on weaklings. ’Sides, we’re not far from the Pathway Proper. A fight between adventurers would get noticed!”</p>

      <p>Since I didn’t think there were any among them who could grab hold of me when I was using <em>Calculash</em>, I mused how we’d be the ones picking on weaklings. More importantly, Arken had said they couldn’t fight because we were by the Pathway Proper and would be found out. That confirmed the Pathway bore policing and crime prevention roles.</p>

      <p>“I’m <em>not</em> weak! I’d never lose a fight to you people!”</p>

      <p>“Wait a minute, you’re the one who’s pickin’ a fight here! Look, we don’t got the time to be dealin’ with a snot-nosed kid like you. We’re in the middle of a quest commissioned by our guild,” said Arken, shrugging.</p>

      <p>He had a point in that Dia was the one picking the fight. Given how ill-suited his abilities were to a fight against other people, he was so stubborn and aggressive. His unwavering conviction was expressing itself in an inadvisable way.</p>

      <p>In all honesty, I had zero interest in their pissing contest. What caught my attention were the words “a quest commissioned by a guild.” A guild was a cooperative community of adventurers whose interests aligned. From the information I was aware of, guilds came in a variety of forms, from those founded by the state to gatherings of beginners. For their guild to be entrusting them with quests meant they belonged to a large one.</p>

      <p>I didn’t have the time to spare for consorting with other people. I had to surpass human limits in short order, so I couldn’t stay at levels where I had to team up with a guild to be able to dive deeper. That being said, quests did sound like serious fun. As a lover of games, that aspect piqued my interest.</p>

      <p>“I’m stronger now! You just gonna run away?!”</p>

      <p>“Hmph. Well if you’re gonna be like that, I can’t back down, can I? But we’re with a guild. We can’t butt heads in public. Oh, I know, how about this? Why don’t we compete through the quest?” He smirked. Clearly he’d amused himself.</p>

      <p>“Compete through the quest?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. We’ve been tasked with cullin’ a real nuisance of a monster, see. The government periodically hires competent explorers to thin their numbers!”</p>

      <p>“Hah! Competent explorers? You guys?”</p>

      <p>“Settle down, kiddo,” said Arken. “If you say you ain’t weak, then why don’t we see who can fell the most of those monsters?”</p>

      <p>“All right, yeah! You’re on!”</p>

      <p>I didn’t slip in a word. To be frank, this whole thing was fresh enough to serve as a nice change of pace, and it seemed like fun.</p>

      <p>“So then,” said Arken, his smirk growing wider, “what are the stakes here?”</p>

      <p>Those words alone were crossing the line of what I was willing to tolerate.</p>

      <p>“I’ll bet anything ya like,” said Dia.</p>

      <p>“We can getcha whatever you’d like,” said Arken, “but there’s nothin’ we can take offa <em>you</em>. By all rights I’d want some money offa you, but for all I know, you ain’t even got any to take!”</p>

      <p>Dia grimaced. “Urgh. I <em>don’t</em> have any money.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, if you lose, I’ll have ya make us money by sellin’ your body. You’re vulgar and unruly, but you’ve got a pretty mug! If I sell ya where I can sell ya, you’ll get a good price! Ha ha!”</p>

      <p>“Feh! Fine! If I lose, you can do what you want with me! But if <em>you</em> lose, I get a tearful apology and all the money you’ve got on you!”</p>

      <p>“Excellent, then it’s a deal—”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, Dia. No betting anything. If you’re putting stuff on the line, it’s a whole different story.”</p>

      <p>Before, I’d wanted to respect Dia’s autonomy as much as possible, but naturally, I could no longer just stand by. Betting intangible stuff like pride or dignity was one thing, but I couldn’t accept anything that might lead to real harm.</p>

      <p>“What’s your problem? This is between me and the brat!” Arken glared at me, offended.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, Sieg! I won’t cause you trouble; it can just be a fight between me and them.” Dia had let the blood rush to his head. It was a bad case of tunnel vision.</p>

      <p>If the fight led to a friendly competition, I wouldn’t stop it. If nobody died, then that’d be a peaceful turn. It’d amount to a nice change of pace. This, however, wasn’t the kind of duel I could agree to. Dia was <em>mine</em> to use. I wasn’t about to let him become this Arken guy’s chew toy.</p>

      <p>“Listen here, Dia. Those guys <em>prepared</em> for the quest they’re doing. All <em>four</em> of them came fully prepared. Just going off that, there’s a giant gulf between you and them. And above anything else, you can’t beat them in terms of competency. Don’t get me wrong, everybody’s got things they are and aren’t cut out for, but they’ve got <em>experience</em> on you. Plus, the guild picked them out as particularly well qualified for the job, so the showdown he proposed must be one of their specialties. And yet here you are, going as far as to wager your own body. You’re being stupid. <em>Very</em> stupid.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh...” Upon realizing how difficult the duel would be, Dia hemmed and hawed. He did hear me out calmly without flying into a rage, which was nice. He couldn’t ignore my advice, not after all the results I’d yielded for him.</p>

      <p>“And the dumbest thing of all is, why didn’t you consult with me first? Face it, if you <em>don’t</em> drag me into this, you’ve got no shot at all.”</p>

      <p>“Oh,” said Arken, “I get what you’re sayin’, kid. I never said it had to be a one-on-one duel. We can do this two-on-two. Want any other conditions while we’re at it?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not saying I want to join in. If you ask me, a duel like this shouldn’t be entertained in the first place. We don’t have any chance of winning, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, Sieg, you can’t—”</p>

      <p>I held up a hand. Then I pulled him in and whispered so that only he could hear, “Are you so intent on dueling them that you’d reveal every card up our sleeves? I won’t mince words; these bozos aren’t worth the effort. Even if we win, people’ll wonder how a pair who were so low level until recently managed to do so. My unique skill needs to stay as hidden as possible. I’d hate for something this idiotic to lead to issues down the line.”</p>

      <p>“But still, Sieg,” he replied under his breath, “I get it, but I wanna knock these guys down a peg with everything I’ve got anyway. I wanna prove I’m stronger than them! You might think it’s childish of me, but to me, making ’em acknowledge me is the most important thing there is!”</p>

      <p>Recognition. He couldn’t compromise on the chance to gain recognition, even if it cost him his life. I heaved a sigh. We shouldn’t engage with them. It’d be best to withdraw now and prove ourselves better eventually through the fruits of our exploits. But to him, that wasn’t acceptable. We had known each other long enough now that I understood that about him. Dia wouldn’t be satisfied unless he made them acknowledge him right here, right now.</p>

      <p>“All right, all right,” I said. “Fine then. It might not be the worst idea.”</p>

      <p>“You really mean it, Sieg?!”</p>

      <p>I folded to Dia’s sheer ardor. That was what got me. It definitely wasn’t the sight of his pretty-girl face, looking up at me with tears in his eyes. Or at least, that’s what I liked to think.</p>

      <p>I had a small mountain of stress to relieve too. I thought it might be a load off to see Arken and his goons whimper and cry, and I could make Dia even more grateful to me in the process.</p>

      <p>“Well?!” shouted Arken, impatient. “Let’s hear it! You gonna run with your tails between your legs or are you gonna <em>do</em> this?!”</p>

      <p>I exchanged looks with Dia, signaling to him that I’d like him to leave the negotiations to me. He nodded right away.</p>

      <p>“Yes, we’ll do it.”</p>

      <p>“If you ain’t gonna do—wait, you are? You looked like the brainy type to me, so color me shocked.”</p>

      <p>He looked me up and down, taken aback. He certainly had the stuff of a party leader in this death trap of a Dungeon.</p>

      <p>“Now then, what say we settle on our terms?” I smiled. It was perhaps a ghastly, ruthless smile. I could tell their breaths caught a little.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s. How do we determine who wins and who loses?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s keep things simple and go by the number of monsters culled. If you could kindly tell us the characteristics of said monsters, that will suffice.”</p>

      <p>“You sure you’re okay with that? We’d be operatin’ with no handicap.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, please give us one handicap. Just one. Please let us set the time limit. We’d like it to be one hour.”</p>

      <p>“Hold up, kid. It could be neither side takes one down that quick.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I’m sure you’re all skilled enough to take down at least <em>one</em> in an hour? The question is just how many we’ll be taking down in that time. So how about we make that the duel? It’d save all of us time.”</p>

      <p>I proposed what I viewed to be the most advantageous conditions for us, given my experience up until now as well as the flow of the conversation. If we were to search for a specific kind of monster, it seemed reasonable to assume we’d run into several of them within an hour of running around.</p>

      <p>I was certain that in their case, they knew about the monsters’ distribution and habitat, so they’d definitely find at least one. Moreover, I knew they’d only agree to it if they figured we’d be unable to find a single one in that time. There was no way they had all that much time to spend on such a silly row, and I couldn’t imagine there’d be no time limit for the quest given to them by their guild or what have you.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah, you’ve got a point there. Okay, fine. We’ll do it your way. It’s true we ain’t got forever. So, what’re we bettin’? I’m sure you’ve got it all laid out.” Arken was wary of me. The dispassionate way I kept suggesting conditions had him on his toes.</p>

      <p>“Wait. Before we get to that, what assurance do we have you people will actually pay up if you lose? The way I see it, if the physically stronger side loses the duel, they have no incentive not to just play dumb and not honor it.”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, you’re from some far-off country called Fania, so I guess ya don’t know, huh? In big countries, if you declare an oath-sworn battle over a ley line, the country will record it. They won’t let ya quibble or gloss over losses, and if ya run away, you’ll be treated as a felon. Even here in the Dungeon, as long as we use the ley line in the Pathway Proper, it shouldn’t be a problem.”</p>

      <p>I had my doubts regarding this system of duels and sworn oaths, but I didn’t press it. That aside, the fact that he knew I claimed to come from Fania meant he recognized me as a pub employee. In that tavern, my traveling here from Fania to get rich quick only to get hurt was now a famous topic of conversation.</p>

      <p>“I see. That sounds convenient. As for what we’ll bet...let’s see...”</p>

      <p>“Well?”</p>

      <p>“Why don’t we bet all the money we have on hand? What money we lack, we can make up for in the way you stated earlier.” I smiled contentedly. We were going all in.</p>

      <p>What a joy it was to see their faces stiffen.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“Right then, let’s get to it,” said Arken. “No takesies-backsies, got it?”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine by me,” I replied.</p>

      <p>In the end, we went all in. I wound them up by averring that two versus four would be even in our eyes, and they couldn’t back down after that. After everything that had been said, relaxing the terms of the duel would be seen as cowardly. Their pride as longtime adventurers ensured the duel would go on. Besides, from their point of view, this was to be one-sided exploitation, as there was no way they could lose to a pair of children who’d been so low level mere days prior. They had no reason to reject any of the conditions. In this world, everyone knew people only gained levels slowly over the course of years. They’d never dreamed I’d risen to Level 6 already.</p>

      <p>We swore our oath on the Pathway Proper, and our opponents shared information on the monsters in question. They were named Hangshades. Black creatures made of liquid, they clung to the walls of the Dungeon like shadows. Characterized by how they ambushed adventurers from their hiding places and hung them by the neck, physical attacks like sword strikes didn’t do much to them, and nothing besides magic attacks could deal a finishing blow to them. Due to their unique item drop, we could determine the winning side by the number of item drops collected.</p>

      <p>“All right, we’re off!” With that, Arken’s group split into two bands. I’m sure the four wanted to stick together but split into two groups in order to establish an overwhelming lead. Clearly, they were treating this duel seriously.</p>

      <p>“Dia, you get it, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I get it.”</p>

      <p>We didn’t move. Arken’s group gave us a backward glance and looked baffled. Not that they came back to ask. I only activated my magic after they left our line of sight.</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s crush ’em. <em>Layered Dimension</em>.” I cast the spell and swung my right arm sideways at the same time. I’d gotten so used to <em>Dimension</em> that I could scope out information in a wide range in the blink of an eye with minimal MP expenditure. Out of all the information I had gleaned, I let only the shape of the monsters into my brain. By leaving out details I didn’t need, I cut down on my MP expenditure, even if only by a little. I soon detected a number of Hangshades lurking in the darkness.</p>

      <p>I’d kept my MP expenditure in the single digits, which was passable.</p>

      <p>“Target spotted. These monsters may excel at staying hidden, but my power makes me a sore enemy for them. There’s no way we can lose this duel.”</p>

      <p>“Nice going as always, Sieg. I mean, I feel like I can’t really contribute, but I guess there’s nothing to be done about that.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not true. Your magic’ll be the main factor during the battles, so stay sharp.”</p>

      <p>We broke into a run as we bantered, taking the shortest path to our target within the Dungeon’s complex maze. When we drew close enough, I used <em>Dimension</em> to pinpoint the target’s exact location, and we moved into the sniping phase.</p>

      <p>“Target acquired. Right, so put your arm on top of mine, just like when we sniped the bosses.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, got it. Here I go! <em>Flame Arrow</em>!”</p>

      <p>The light cleaved the darkness. Hangshade number one died instantly. We immediately went to collect the item it dropped and ran toward the next target. As Hangshades didn’t typically move from their spots, this strategy was highly efficient.</p>

      <p>“All right, next,” I said. “Fire.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right. <em>Flame Arrow</em>!”</p>

      <p>And so Hangshade number two met its untimely demise. Not even ten minutes had passed yet. Judging by how much MP I had left, I figured it’d last for an hour and then some. Casting <em>Layered Dimension</em> for the second time, I ascertained the positions of yet more targets.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, let’s keep it up!”</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow</em>!”</p>

      <p>We hunted Hangshade after Hangshade with no time wasted. Sure, there were times our target avoided the sniper shot and we had to enter combat, but I was practically made to fight monsters that specialized in concealing themselves. As long as I had <em>Dimension</em> up, I couldn’t be sneak attacked, and with my <em>Analyze</em> option, I couldn’t lose track of their whereabouts.</p>

      <p>The hunt went swimmingly apart from one slight cause for concern. The Hangshades’ death cries kept growing gradually louder. Still, those death cries didn’t spur the surrounding monsters to take action, so I was able to continue the hunt without dwelling on it. While I didn’t feel we could really lose, we were in the middle of a serious duel. As such, I concluded it’d be best not to waste time contemplating it. That being said, those death cries lingered in my ears; they boded ill, though I couldn’t guess what the omen was about.</p>

      <p>In less than an hour, we had obtained eleven Hangshade drop items.</p>

      <p>“That should be enough. Let’s go back.”</p>

      <p>We cut a leisurely path to the rendezvous point, a space not far from the staircase leading from the fifth to the sixth level. The room had only two entrances, and the Pathway Proper passed through it. That’s where we waited for Arken’s group. Once they arrived, we compared the number of drop items each party had collected, and their faces turned pale.</p>

      <p>“That... That can’t be right!”</p>

      <p>“There’s no way!”</p>

      <p>“Really, Arken!” said the woman. “This is your fault!”</p>

      <p>None of the four seemed to be able to believe the reality before their eyes, and who could blame them? In a single hour’s time, they’d ended up losing all the money they had on them.</p>

      <p>“Lies!” yelled Arken. “You musta broken the rules! I mean, how’s that <em>possible</em>?! Even if you’re secretly some veteran, that little punk was still only Level 1! But you’re tellin’ me you got <em>eleven</em> of ’em?! <em>Eleven</em>?!”</p>

      <p>Arken approached us like a man about to grab me by the collar. A reaction I had foreseen.</p>

      <p>“No, sir,” I replied. “It’s true. We took down eleven Hangshades.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah!” shouted Dia. “Don’t make baseless accusations! We’re strong—especially Sieg—so it’s only natural!”</p>

      <p>For some reason, he didn’t forget my words of encouragement. He was always acting so needlessly admirably, even in times like these.</p>

      <p>“Th-This is ridiculous! You! The dumbass waiter! You crawled outta the boonies and got wrecked on the first level! How could you possibly beat us?!”</p>

      <p>His party agreed with him aloud that our victory was unthinkable. Initially, I’d half expected them to pick us apart by claiming we counted items we just happened to find or we’d been carrying some from before the bet, but they didn’t even think of that. Perhaps the shock of this unanticipated development had bricked their brains.</p>

      <p>“Dammit! C’mon, fellas, surround ’em!”</p>

      <p>And so, Arken’s group resorted to brute force. This, too, I had predicted. At the end of the day, a contest like this was nothing but a matter of might makes right. The strong fooling the weak and robbing them. That was its sole purpose. There was no rule of law to be found there. I still remembered my first day in this world. A weakling pleading for help only to be exploited by the strong. These jokers were reigniting that pain.</p>

      <p>My animosity stoked by their self-serving behavior, I blasted them coolly. “After all’s said and done...in the end, this is how it goes. You only proposed this challenge because you thought that if we lost and we attacked like you’re attacking right now, you could just stomp us. And you thought that if you guys lost, you could stomp us anyway. Shaking down clueless weaklings for their coin is all this was ever about.”</p>

      <p>“So what?!” Arken barked. “In the world we live in, only the strong survive! Duels? Oaths? Like I give a rat’s ass! If we escape this country, it won’t be an issue, will it? Obviously, we’re just gonna kill your asses and get rich some other way in some other country!”</p>

      <p>“So these rules were full of holes from the outset,” I said in disgust.</p>

      <p>“Ha! Now ya get it! We don’t need the Dungeon to earn our dough! Sorry, kids, but we’re gonna need you two nice and dead!”</p>

      <p>Arken drew his blade, and his allies did likewise. I gave up on talking to them, addressing Dia instead. “You see, Dia? See how there was no point?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...it’s just as you said, Sieg.”</p>

      <p>Dia had been hanging his head ever since Arken and company started baring their fangs. He must have really believed it’d be a fair and impartial test of skill—that if we won, they’d be forced to acknowledge him. But the idea that one could earn approval on merit was an empty dream. All that remained was violence and struggle. And since Dia appeared to view duels and oaths with a certain reverence, his shock was even more substantial.</p>

      <p>“Leave the rest to me, Dia. You fall back.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll help too!”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s okay. I can handle them.”</p>

      <p>I drew my sword. I had around thirty percent of my MP left. As I had known this would happen, I’d left some in the tank. It’d be more than enough to overpower them.</p>

      <p>“<em>Dimension</em>,” I muttered. “<em>Calculash</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Piece o’ shit brats!”</p>

      <p>Arken came in swinging.</p>

      <p>Two of Arken’s allies, a semifer swordfighter and a nimble-looking lancer, followed his lead. I could also see a female mage to their backs, who was beginning to cast a spell. Based on that information, I formulated the shortest route to subdue them.</p>

      <p>Arken’s sword just missed me. <em>Too slow.</em> He was virtually a turtle to me, he was so slow. This was a man whose level was higher than mine, and yet his dexterity and agility were leagues below mine. Moreover, <em>Dimension: Calculash</em> adjusted my accuracy and evasion to extraordinary heights, so there was no way he could land a hit on me. The gap was so great that it was almost as though we were operating on different axes of time.</p>

      <p>I dashed in. First, I lightly pierced Arken’s sword hand and injured both his legs. I watched Arken fall, making sure he was down, then parried the lancer’s attack. I slashed at his lance hand as I wove my way through, rushing without pause toward the mage. Meanwhile, the howling semifer swordfighter leaped at me, but I stabbed his arm before he could swing his blade down at me. He moaned in pain and I swept his legs, crossing over his head. Lastly, I held the tip of my sword against the throat of the mage woman who’d been busy casting her spell. It had all transpired in the space of a few seconds.</p>

      <p>I spoke with as deep a voice as I could muster. “What I wanted from this duel wasn’t your money. My only wish is for you crooks who insulted Dia to never show your faces to us again. Get out of our sight and I won’t do anything.”</p>

      <p>“It... It can’t be...”</p>

      <p>Arken and his crew rubbed their gashes as they muttered. The battle had ended in no more than a few seconds, and I reckoned they’d never experienced anything like that before. They gaped in blank amazement at the sword pointed at their mage’s throat.</p>

      <p>“Well? Answer me. If you don’t promise we’ll never see you again, I’ll have to hurt you more.” I punctuated my words by bringing the blade even closer.</p>

      <p>“A-All right,” she said, “we surrender. I’ll get out of your sight right now.”</p>

      <p>I accepted and considered her as having surrendered. The semifer and the lancer followed suit and gave in.</p>

      <p>“Son of a bitch,” said Arken. “We did this on the Pathway, so we can’t stay in this country anymore anyway.”</p>

      <p>The strength gap was too plain. They were forced to take whatever I gave them. Besides, they saw that I didn’t want their money, so they probably calculated that it’d be best to just quietly capitulate.</p>

      <p>“Excellent, that’s that. We’ll just chalk it up to neither side having any luck today.” With the point of my sword, I urged them to take a hike right out of the room.</p>

      <p>“So, if we leave this country, you won’t do anything to us, I got that right?”</p>

      <p>“You do. That said, I will report to your guild or whatever, so you should leave the Dungeon Alliance altogether, at the very least. Plus, if you leave in good time, that’ll probably save us some trouble.”</p>

      <p>“Tch! Damn punks! We’ll high-tail it right freakin’ now!”</p>

      <p>And with that, Arken and his party walked away. The semifer supported Arken with his shoulder, and the four exited the room as a group. Even from a distance, I could tell they were bickering under their breaths. I followed them with my eyes until they were out of sight, leaving nothing to chance. Once they were gone, I heaved quite the sigh.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Sieg,” said Dia, eyes downcast. “It’s my fault it turned into such a pain.”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. I was pissed at them too. I feel refreshed, avenging you after they saw you in a moment of weakness.”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t mean for it to play out like this. I just wanted them to acknowledge me, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>Seeing the looks on Arken and his goons’ faces had allowed me to blow off some steam, but it appeared that wasn’t the case for Dia. For better or worse, he was pure of heart; perhaps he’d been picturing a scene where both sides praised each other for fighting a good fight. But that had never been in the cards.</p>

      <p>“I’m afraid that’s a tall order. Earning acceptance is a very difficult thing to do.”</p>

      <p>In fact, I wasn’t even sure I accepted this world as valid. A hard subject, to be sure.</p>

      <p>“I see. So what do we do now?”</p>

      <p>“Good question. I used a lot of MP, so we should head back for tod—”<br/><br/></p>

      <p><b>“No, no, I can’t have that.”</b><br/><br/></p>

      <p>A voice from above. It wasn’t Arken’s group. This voice was deeper, hoarser, more ghoulish.</p>

      <p>Startled by the sudden sound, I leaped backward. The fact that I had <em>Calculash</em> trained on Arken’s party and us being on the Pathway had generated a negligent gap in my enemy detection radar.</p>

      <p>Dia followed my example and jumped aside.</p>

      <p>“Ah, did I frighten you? Sorry, but you going back now would leave me in a bit of a fix. Encountering children like you is just too rare, you see. How unlike your years.”</p>

      <p>The voice came from something clinging to the ceiling. It resembled the Hangshades we’d been hunting moments prior, but it was a different monster entirely. Hangshades didn’t take such a humanoid shape, and they didn’t have voices. This thing, on the other hand, had a body of black, shadowy liquid, and it was clearly capable of intelligent speech.</p>

      <p>The wriggling black liquid. The lack of features where a face should be. We were being spoken to by a genuine horror. The soles of its feet were glued to the ceiling, and its not-face was turned toward us.</p>

      <p>I used <em>Analyze</em> and checked its menu.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【VIGESIMAL GUARDIAN】Thief of Darkness’s Essence</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It wasn’t a person. Moreover, it didn’t even bear a rank. All that was written was that it was the Guardian of the twentieth floor.</p>

      <p>Its black not-face laughed. “Heh heh heh. I’m the sentinel of the twentieth floor, Tida. It’s a thrill to meet you.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>