<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Aim for the Deepest Level</h1>

      <p>The first place I headed for after breaking out of the Dungeon was a hospital. I searched for a fully equipped, high-quality medical institute and found my way to the biggest hospital in all of Vart. Massive blood loss, casting magic while on death’s door, forcible mending of the flesh, and casting spells in succession beyond his limits had left Dia in a battered state.</p>

      <p>The doctors said Dia needed to be hospitalized immediately. I consented, but I panicked when I saw the stated medical expenses. I managed to pay the advance, but the funds I had on hand weren’t nearly enough to cover the amount I’d owe in the end.</p>

      <p>I told the doctors that I was good for the money, then left to sell stuff from my inventory. My monetary concerns were soon resolved, however. The magic gem that Tida had dropped fetched one hell of a sum. It was apparently unprecedented and purer than the up-until-then highest-ranked magic gem ever identified. The negotiations even pulled in the nation’s big shots. There was quarreling, and much fuss about this and that was raised, but I managed to exchange the gem for a small fortune, then returned to the hospital.</p>

      <p>I paid the fees and got all the formalities done at the reception desk, securing Dia’s spot there. With the specter of him being chased out now banished, I gained some peace of mind for the time being. Then, the receptionist guided me to Dia’s ward.</p>

      <p>As it was the largest hospital in the land, the room that had been arranged for him was top class. The building was made of wood, but as they were thorough about cleaning, I felt there was no need to worry about hygiene issues. It was worlds apart from hospitals back home, but by this world’s standards it was well above average.</p>

      <p>The room contained simple nursing tools as well as a magic apparatus I’d never seen before. In this world, advancements in magical healing had led to these sorts of support instruments. The beige curtains swayed in the breeze, and below them lay a bed, atop which Dia dozed. Thanks to the measures his doctors had taken, his complexion had markedly improved.</p>

      <p>A wizened old physician was sitting in a wooden chair beside the bed. He noticed me and spoke. “Ahh, you must be Miss Dia’s companion. Were you able to pay without difficulty?”</p>

      <p>“I was. I sold my possessions for money, so there were no issues there.”</p>

      <p>“I’m happy to hear that. Now, I’d like to explain Miss Dia’s condition in some detail. May I?”</p>

      <p>“Please do.”</p>

      <p>The doctor brought another wooden chair into the room and prompted me to sit. I took a seat and listened to what he had to say.</p>

      <p>“I’ll get straight to the point. Regarding the loss of her right arm, restoring it to normal isn’t possible. Even under the best of circumstances and with the greatest of magics, reattaching arms is far from easy. Too much time passed since the arm was severed, and the forcible, unguided healing spell caused the wound to close haphazardly. Though her arm is what you were most concerned about, I’m afraid you’ll have to give up on it.”</p>

      <p>“I understand.” I bit my lip.</p>

      <p>I didn’t know how advanced medicine in this world was. I had just held on to a sliver of hope that since magic was a thing in this world, maybe it could help him. But I’d been dreaming. If it <em>could</em> be restored so easily, why would there be Dungeon divers around town with legs or arms missing?</p>

      <p>“Then there’s the laceration from her shoulder to her torso. This will leave a large scar, and that too was caused by the healing spell Miss Dia herself cast. It was too much to hope that the magic she formulated while near death would heal with delicacy and precision.”</p>

      <p>“A scar? I don’t think Dia’ll mind that.”</p>

      <p>Since he was identifying as a guy, I figured he wouldn’t lose sleep over it.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Well, if she’s okay with that, then no matter. On to the next topic. The blood loss has induced magic power deficiency. We can treat that with a specialized diet, and she can make do using a magic tool if needed. It’ll probably take around a week for her to recover completely in that regard.”</p>

      <p><em>Blood loss-induced “magic power deficiency”?</em> That was the first I’d heard the term. I assumed it meant that his MP would recuperate more slowly. I knew from what I’d gleaned at the library that blood and magic power were deeply connected, but I didn’t foresee any such complications. As my knowledge was inadequate, I deferred to the doctor.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. Please do what’s necessary.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. Lastly, I fear that losing her arm will affect her mental and physical equilibrium. We’ve prepared a prosthetic, but her sword skills and spell-casting will undoubtedly suffer. I imagine that for a Dungeon diver like her, this will be a tremendous shock.”</p>

      <p>“You’re not wrong, sir.”</p>

      <p>“I think you should consider your future plans carefully. That’s her full prognosis. For the time being, we’ll keep her here for one week’s time. If you wish for rehabilitation, you’ll need to fill out more paperwork, so please do that at the reception desk.”</p>

      <p>The consequences I’d feared were thrust before me painfully plainly, and it hurt my heart.</p>

      <p>“Oh, and one more thing—are <em>you</em> okay, Mr. Vizzita? Your wounds may have closed through healing magic, but they look exceedingly painful to me.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “No, I’m okay. I’m just a little down in the dumps for different reasons.”</p>

      <p>And that wasn’t a lie. My HP and MP had begun to recover naturally, and I didn’t feel any worse for wear physically. As for the reason, I didn’t know whether it was because my body was simply built tough or if it was some game system thing.</p>

      <p>“Just take it easy. Adieu.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, Doctor.”</p>

      <p>The doctor left, and the room fell totally silent save for the wind blowing through the window.</p>

      <p>Then, a voice from behind: “Blestspell: <em>Full Cure</em>.”</p>

      <p>Warm light blanketed the room.</p>

      <p>“That old-timer’s being so dramatic. Sure, my balance is wrecked, but it’s not a problem.”</p>

      <p>“So you were awake, huh?”</p>

      <p>Dia was sitting up in bed. He was dressed in white hospital clothes, and his erstwhile ponytail had come undone. I pointed at the magic light he was playing with.</p>

      <p>“That’s...” I muttered.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Sieg. Sorry I hid this up until now.” He hung his head.</p>

      <p>I felt the urge to run away from this. I’d known he had more magic in his arsenal, but I’d internally signed off on his charade. To Dia, however, he saw this as a secret he’d kept from his dear ally up until our lives were hanging in the balance. He wasn’t about to chin up.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s fine. I mean, I was surprised, but I knew you must have had an extensive background in magic. I assume you had your reasons for hiding it?”</p>

      <p>“My reasons... My reasons, huh? My reasons were really dumb.” He lifted his head a little bit and flicked the ball of light like a beanbag.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s thanks to you that I’m alive. I don’t mind if you only use those powers when push comes to shove. From here on out, you can—”</p>

      <p>“No, I’ll use them whenever. I won’t stop,” he murmured resolutely, crushing the beanbag of light in hand. “That’s what I’ve decided.”</p>

      <p>And just like that, he declared he would use the magic that he’d made a point of hiding thus far. The magic he had refused to use until death was approaching. What on earth had changed his mind? I did have a guess. Unintentionally, my gaze fell on his lost right arm. Dia noticed and started talking in calm tones.</p>

      <p>“Don’t get the wrong idea, Sieg. It’s not because of my arm. I was Dungeon diving, so I was prepared for a nick like this. So don’t give me that sad look on your face about it. If you get bummed out because of me, that’ll bum me out too.”</p>

      <p>Dia was trying to console <em>me</em>, but I wasn’t as ambivalent as him. “But that was your dominant arm! What about the blade—”</p>

      <p>“I’m fine without the blade,” he interrupted.</p>

      <p>“Wha?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve got my holy magic! It’ll take time for me to get back to normal, but as you can see, I’m all right. In fact, this is the perfect chance for me to start focusing purely on magic. It’s a great opportunity for me to reexamine my fighting style and mindset. Guess I’ll mull it all over while I’m here resting.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh?!”</p>

      <p>Dia had pulled a one-eighty. This was the exact opposite of his prior line of thinking, leaving me speechless and uncomfortable. It was almost like magic in itself—like the sudden and complete change in attitude precipitated by my “???” skill. To have been so fixated on the blade only to give up on it so readily struck me as bizarre. If that change of mind was the result of thinking things through calmly and realistically, then I was happy for him, but I didn’t think Dia was capable of such pure rationality. Seeing him so composed felt odd. I remembered the despair and emptiness in his eyes as he had watched his arm fly away, yet not a shred of those emotions was apparent at present.</p>

      <p>I doubted the fault lay in my observation skills. It wasn’t that I had any particular eye for character; it was just that Dia was supposed to be in the easy-to-understand category. Yet he clearly <em>was</em> done with the blade. Did he change his mind because he’d been on death’s door? Sure, that was often the case in books and stories, but the sensation of witnessing it firsthand felt like I’d fastened my buttons in mismatched buttonholes from the outset.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Sieg?”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, nothing. If that’s how you feel, then I’m fine with it. Just...rest up and think about it. I paid for everything, so you can take however many days you need. Oh, yeah! I forgot to tell you! You’ll love this! I sold ol’ Tida’s magic gem and made a mint!” I said, reporting our spoils in order to dispel any anxiety. Since money was one of the things Dia was after, I believed he’d be delighted.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s nice. You keep that money for now, though. I’m bedridden, so I don’t need it at the moment. In fact, if you need to, you can use my half of the spoils too.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? But didn’t you need lots of money?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, eventually. I just don’t need it <em>now</em>.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t see the glint of purpose in his eyes. There was no sense of that unshakable fixation from before. I contemplated what sort of emotional shift had happened within him. The obvious answer? After losing his arm, he was throwing in the towel with regard to something important to him.</p>

      <p>“I have to rest for now, that’s all. But just you wait, Sieg, because I’ll be back in no time. I just hate that I won’t be able to help you until then.”</p>

      <p>With that last sentence, a very Dia-like expression came over his face. This was the Dia I knew—the one who put way too much faith in me, who apologized for not being able to help me.</p>

      <p>“Actually, that’s okay,” I said. “If you’re not there with me, I think I’ll take a break from Dungeon diving too. I’m sure it’d be rough going by myself.”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not true!”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t expecting Dia to say that. And there was purpose in his eyes again, though I didn’t know what that purpose could mean.</p>

      <p>“I think you’re more than able to advance through the Dungeon by yourself, Sieg. I know that on the day you tried entering the Dungeon for the first time, you were scared. But now you’re good.”</p>

      <p>I was flummoxed, both by how Dia had sensed my trepidation regarding the Dungeon and how sure he was that I could take it on by myself.</p>

      <p>“The Dungeon? By myself?”</p>

      <p>“You can take down monsters on your own, and there’s not much you can’t handle. In fact, I’ve been wondering why someone as strong as you wanted to partner with me. This whole time, I’ve been wondering. But I couldn’t bring myself to ask why because I needed you.”</p>

      <p><em>Why did I use you, Dia? Well...because of your talents.</em></p>

      <p>There was that, but the real reason was that I was too scared to enter the Dungeon alone. I hadn’t been emotionally ready for it. In hindsight, that was now crystal clear to me.</p>

      <p>“I’m a coward. Without a companion, I wouldn’t feel safe.”</p>

      <p>“If that’s true, then you should be okay now. I guarantee it. You’re strong, Sieg. Why don’t you try going it alone? This is a good chance for you. I want you to reexamine things. And <em>then</em> you can decide if you need me or not. Otherwise, I...”</p>

      <p>Dia had his own doubts and hardships. And I saw that he was now trying to confide in me. I could tell he was being very straight with me, so I figured I’d take that to heart.</p>

      <p>“All right. I’ll try making it farther on my own. I don’t know how far I’ll get, though.”</p>

      <p>“Great; I’m relieved,” he said, flashing a carefree smile. “I don’t want you sitting on your hands on my account. You’ve got your own dreams to pursue.” He was saying it for my own sake and legitimately pleased to see me make progress. “Oh, yeah,” he continued, “I just remembered. Use this. I don’t need it anymore.”</p>

      <p>He tossed the sword that had been leaning against the wall to me. It was the so-called “Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan,” the sword to which Dia had some kind of emotional attachment.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, but are you sure?” I could sense that with this act, he wasn’t <em>just</em> handing me a sword.</p>

      <p>“Totally. If it keeps you safe while I’m away, then I’m glad.”</p>

      <p>There was no hesitation there. In fact, I could even sense the firm determination I associated with him.</p>

      <p>“Okay, thank you. I’ll borrow it for now.”</p>

      <p>It was certainly true that it made more sense to lend it to me. He’d be in bed, not fighting. I had no reason to say no. So I took the blade and gave it a once-over. It was a tad antiquated, but I could tell it had been in use for some time. While the priority was clearly the blade’s practical use, it did have silverwork (though not enough to get in the way of the sword’s utility). It was a simple yet beautiful Western-style one-handed blade.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【TREASURED BLADE OF THE ARRACE CLAN】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Attack Power 5. 20% of user’s DEX added to Attack Power.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“I will protect you, Sieg,” he said to himself under his breath as I held the sword in my gaze. “Mark my words. I will protect you and your dream.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” What caught my attention even more than Dia’s little pronouncement was how his first-person pronoun had changed. It had, for that statement, gone from the brash, manly word for “I” he usually used to the more neutral version people who identify as female often used.</p>

      <p>“All right, I’m gonna hit the hay,” he said, switching back to male-coded speech as if that hadn’t just happened. “Gotta heal up quick.”</p>

      <p>And with that, he lay himself back down. I wanted to talk a little longer, but Dia did need his rest, and he wanted to get back to normal, so I didn’t press. Had I simply misheard him before? <em>Best to ask some other day.</em></p>

      <p>“Got it. You get a nice long rest, and I’ll report back in a few days. I’ll go see how far I can get.”</p>

      <p>I made to leave the room with that promise, but just before exiting, I caught sight of Dia holding something in hand as he tried to fall asleep. It was the Hairclip of I’lia I’d given to him as a gift. He was grasping it tightly and willfully, as if his life depended on it.</p>

      <p>As if he’d found a replacement for the sword that was now lost to him.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>After my conversation with Dia, I began working out how to tackle the Dungeon alone. I didn’t half-ass it by making excuses about why I couldn’t. I put in the effort of devising a means to fight and progress that seriously took my competencies into account. Dia and I had to show each other that silly little flesh wounds like these wouldn’t change a thing. I believed that was fulfilling my bedridden companion’s wishes.</p>

      <p>I used the money I’d obtained from selling off Tida’s magic gem to assemble all the essentials for Dungeon diving, and I had nothing to complain about when it came to my physical condition. I’d thought that cutting into my max HP might result in some sort of health-related fallout, but I was the picture of health. My HP and MP had fully recovered by the following day. That was largely due to the fact that, unlike Dia, I hadn’t sustained any truly grievous injuries.</p>

      <p><em>I have Dia to thank for all of it.</em></p>

      <p>And so there I was, standing in front of the Dungeon so early in the morning that the sun wasn’t up yet. Scant light radiated out from a point beyond the horizon. The sky, so indigo as to nearly be black, faded in color to a milky white.</p>

      <p>There was no one else at the entrance. Wanting to avoid contact with others, I had arrived as early as I could. I breathed in the brisk morning air and performed my final round of menu checks.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 302/322</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 506/512</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS:</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 10</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 6.19</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 6.28</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 7.21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 9.44</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 9.33</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 21.66</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 8.59</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EXP: 17501/20000</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EQUIPMENT: Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan, Otherworld Garb, Largish Mantle, Otherworld Footwear, Leather Gauntlet, Leather Chestplate</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Killing Tida had netted me tens of thousands of experience points, bringing me all the way to Level 10. My stats had risen by leaps and bounds compared to when I was only Level 6; I felt as though I could probably even keep up with Tida’s movements in earnest now.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, my “confusion” had increased dramatically as well, which put me ill at ease. The number went down little by little with the passage of time, but my “???” skill was triggering so frequently that it was nearing the double-digit mark despite that.</p>

      <p>I set two goals for myself. First, no more relying on “???” And second, I’d make it to the tenth floor by myself.</p>

      <p>I hadn’t dived solo since my first day in this world. I could still vividly recall everything that had happened that day, but it had only occurred because I’d been Level 1. As I stood now, I was confident I wouldn’t find myself in such a life-threatening situation.</p>

      <p>With the trials and tribulations to come in mind, I couldn’t afford to cry that being alone was too scary, like some toddler. Up until now, I’d focused too much on leveling up in-game. But that wasn’t all I needed to do. There were those <em>numbers beyond my numbers</em> too. I had to forge a strong heart, and to that end, I embarked on a new solo challenge.</p>

      <p>A new <em>solo</em> challenge.</p>

      <p>Emphasis on solo.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“So, what, you going solo now?”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I was supposed to be all alone here, yet I heard a voice that wasn’t mine.</p>

      <p>“<em>D-Dimension: Calculash</em>!” I said, promptly activating my perception field. I hadn’t deployed it yet since I wasn’t inside the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>I drew my sword and searched for the source of the voice, scouring every nook and cranny of my surroundings for information with my magic. And then, I spotted it: a flame flickering behind me on the road. The flame wasn’t burning anything. It was about the size of a person, and it was flickering in midair.</p>

      <p>“Ah, my bad. Must’ve startled you. I come in peace, so calm down, would ya?”</p>

      <p>My sharpened senses seized on the source of the voice: the fire before my eyes. The fire formed a mouth, which bent and contorted to speak like a human might.</p>

      <p>“A... A talking flame?”</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on, I’ll revert back.”</p>

      <p>The voice felt familiar now. The fire shifted to a human shape, and glyph-inscribed bandages gathered from out of nowhere, coiling around the human-shaped flame and standing in for clothes. Lastly, the head portion of the fire became “human” as well, and the transformation was complete.</p>

      <p>It was the red-haired girl from our earlier encounter. The Decimal Guardian, Alty.</p>

      <p>“Sup.”</p>

      <p>“H-Hello there.”</p>

      <p>I was of two minds. Thinking about it in terms of game design, it was safe to assume the Guardian of the tenth floor was weaker than the Guardian of the twentieth. Of course, I didn’t know how much stock to put into that conclusion.</p>

      <p>This time was different from the Tida battle in that I didn’t have Dia. I didn’t have as much firepower on my side, but as I was alone, I could retreat more freely. Since I didn’t have allies to worry about and my physical prowess was relatively high, I had a lot of latitude for diverse battle tactics. And above all, this location was great for me. In due time, a crowd of people would gather here at the entrance, and outside of the Dungeon, there were plenty of places to run.</p>

      <p>Realizing Alty probably <em>didn’t</em> mean me any harm, I decided to continue conversing with her. I didn’t drop my guard just yet, though.</p>

      <p>“‘Alty,’ right? Did you come here to fight me?”</p>

      <p>The floating Alty shook her head. She looked weirdly adorable doing so, leaving me bemused. If, hypothetically, we engaged in battle, her appearance left me at a virtual disadvantage. I couldn’t see her as anything but a little girl, and that was breaking the rules if you asked me.</p>

      <p>“Uh, no. I literally just said, ‘I come in peace.’”</p>

      <p>For someone so petite, she spoke pretty haughtily. The sense of incongruity was fierce, but I was grateful for that, since it helped me not to forget the “girl” I was dealing with was a monster.</p>

      <p>“I don’t believe this,” I said. “It was only a few days ago that I was attacked by a real delight of a monster named Tida. Did you think I’d forget who sealed the exits?”</p>

      <p>“Hmph... All I did was set the stage, but whatever. If you’re angry, I’ll apologize. My bad.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, sorry, but an apology ain’t cutting it. How could I possibly trust you?”</p>

      <p>“Urgh...so, looks like your impression of me’s pretty bad, huh? I’m a wee bit shocked. I didn’t even attack you, man,” she said, pouting.</p>

      <p><em>Ah. She’s the same. The same as good ol’ Tida.</em></p>

      <p>“No shit it’s bad. There’s no way I’d have a favorable impression of a monster. What happened to what your friend Tida said? ‘When a person and a monster cross paths, they fight,’ right?”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee. Don’t take what Tida said so seriously,” she admonished me, looking at me with warm eyes like I was some kid who still believed in Santa. “That’s just some rule it came up with on the fly.”</p>

      <p>Getting stared at by eyes like that, by a girl two sizes smaller than even me, had a way of blowing a guy’s top. “So you’re saying you don’t intend to fight me—and you want me to just <em>believe</em> you?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I do. I’m not a battle junkie like Tida. I’ve got no desire to play the monster role, so you can do me a solid and relax.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah huh...and who’s <em>keeping</em> me from relaxing and entering the Dungeon right now?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, don’t worry about that either. Now that we’re allies, exploring the Dungeon’ll be a cinch. The ordinary bosses there’ll be a walk in the park. Ah, but only in places far from the Pathway Proper, mind you?”</p>

      <p>“Wait, wait, hold on a sec.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? What’s the matter?”</p>

      <p>My headache refused to abate. The one-sided way she spoke was the same as Tida. Neither really listened to what others said, deciding things purely egocentrically.</p>

      <p>“Why’re you trying to wedge yourself into my party? Forget it. It’s outta the question.”</p>

      <p>“Because it’d appear you don’t trust me. So I thought I’d show you not just through my words but through my actions that I mean you no harm. As of a minute ago, I’ve decided to help you explore the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>“How am I supposed to fight with <em>you</em> behind me? Not in a million years.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind being in front. I’m pretty good with a sword too.”</p>

      <p>Alty fashioned a blade out of flame and stabbed the air repeatedly. On the surface, it was a charming scene of a little kid messing around with a sword. But I couldn’t let that fool me. Scorching flame was leaking out of her. Great big bwooshes from her hands and feet. I couldn’t treat her the same as a fellow human.</p>

      <p>“As long as you’re anywhere near me, I have to be ready to fight at any time. How can I explore the Dungeon like that?”</p>

      <p>“Hey, this is a serious problem for me too, you know. I’m gonna stick by you until you finally trust me. A relationship built on trust’s important, after all. I’m gonna devote myself to you, however many days or years it takes.” Alty smiled innocently.</p>

      <p>She’d said all that without faltering; I didn’t get the sense she was lying and I definitely didn’t sense any hostility from her. Then again, I could very well have been failing to detect her sinister designs because I was too inexperienced. In the end, my misgivings remained.</p>

      <p>I didn’t know how to handle the situation. I was lost. It would have been so much easier if she’d simply attacked me. All of the anti-Guardian plans I’d come up with before today’s venture were now useless.</p>

      <p>“So in other words, you’d be hanging around me? Up until you gain my trust?”</p>

      <p>“Yep.”</p>

      <p>“Uhh...can I maybe just take you down right now? You <em>are</em> a boss, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Really? When I’m being this friendly? That’s just mean. You’ve got a cute girl wanting to join your party. This is where you graciously accept my offer. Look, I just want you to trust me. Honest. I’ve got a modest wish, all I want is to realize it, and in order to accomplish it, I absolutely need a human’s assistance.”</p>

      <p>Alty raised her hands in an “I surrender” pose, waving her hands to show that she was harmless. I considered slashing her while she was good and defenseless, but I thought twice about it, as something she’d said stood out to me. Tida’s dying words came to mind.</p>

      <p>“A <em>wish</em>? How did I know?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, you wanna hear about it?”</p>

      <p>I paused. Would hearing her out serve me? The Dungeon was chock-full of enigmas, so I’d certainly need more information in order to clear it. But did it mean that trying to draw the information out of Alty here and now was the correct play?</p>

      <p>“Let’s put aside the whole trust thing for now,” she said. “For the time being, you can just listen to what I have to say. I’m fine with that.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, I might as well hear you out. What you said earlier got me wondering. And tell me about the you-won’t-fight-because-you-have-doubts thing too.”</p>

      <p>As Alty was a Guardian, every word she uttered was a spoiler, so to speak. I hated myself for thinking of a situation like this in video game terms, but the very same brain that had birthed that thought was telling me to pay attention to whatever she said.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee. Sure, I’ll tell you.” Alty bent her childlike body and gave me a bewitching smile.</p>

      <p>“Okay,” she said unhurriedly. “We’ll start with the doubts thing. I’m sure you’ll find this juicy. Just think—you’ll be able to kill a Guardian without fighting.”</p>

      <p>Her smile was unrelenting, and that wouldn’t change when the topic was how to kill her.</p>

      <p>“Truth is, we Guardians are stuck guarding the Dungeon as monsters because we’ve got lingering regrets or attachments. So I always wondered what’d become of a Guardian if whatever’s keeping them were set straight. Tida cleared that nagging question up for me. Seems like if the tethers grounding us come unraveled, we weaken, and if our wishes come true, we vanish. That must be why the nigh immortal Tida died so easily.”</p>

      <p>From what she was intimating, she’d witnessed Tida’s death. And she’d divulged that under normal circumstances, Tida could not have died the way it had. It had died because I’d granted its desire—or so Alty was convinced.</p>

      <p>That was the first I’d heard of any of this. Nobody had told me that. I had a feeling this was information not one person among all the folks in all the Dungeon Alliance who were trying to clear the Dungeon knew.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh...and now for what <em>my</em> wish is. I’ve got one wish. One single, solitary wish.”</p>

      <p>And then, as if to say every word before then was mere preamble, Alty’s voice turned deeper and weightier. She would be telling me her dearest wish—or in other words, the death she would meet.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><b>“I want to make an unrequited love not so unrequited.”</b><br/><br/></p>

      <p>That was too ephemeral for a final moment.</p>

      <p>Alty was looking up at the sky, embarrassed by her own proclamation. “Whaddya think? Romantic, ain’t it?” she said, poking fun at herself.</p>

      <p>Her wish and mannerisms were so endearing I was at my wits’ end. My head hurt. My head hurt a <em>lot</em>. And this was no run-of-the-mill headache. It was an unholy mix of emotions that didn’t usually go together—I was at once anxious, halfway maddened, and amused. And all the while, Alty was staring straight at me.</p>

      <p>As I was wrestling with my cranial distress, I thought one thing: <em>What a pest.</em> That one sentiment expressed everything this overly human-looking monster was.</p>

      <p>And so, the sun rose, the break of dawn signaling the arrival of a fresh new day in dazzling fashion. I’d intended to get a fresh start alongside the sunrise and dive into the Dungeon. I’d wanted to turn the page to chapter two of my explorations. But an unforeseen setback had stalled the Dungeon adventures of one Siegfried Vizzita.</p>

      <p>I could practically hear the crumbling of my carefully laid out exploration plans, along with the sound of the gears grinding out of whack. So too spun the wheel of fate, whirring as it rolled down the hill. Thus did our tale begin to turn. Down, down, always further down, to the bottom. The wheel could not be stopped in its inexorable descent toward the deepest level.</p>

      <p>This marked the start of a story about digging down to the deepest level that none should reach—the truth.</p>

      <p>Granting the desire of the boy named Aikawa Kanami meant reaching the deepest level.</p>

      <p>My Dungeon diving experience was only just beginning.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>