<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Thank you for picking up Volume 5 of <em>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles</em>. If you’re a returning reader, it’s a pleasure to see you again. Did you enjoy this volume? If it kept you entertained, I’ll be so happy that I could yell out of my window. You can find me howling at the moon at 2 a.m.</p>

      <p>Antisocial behavior aside, in many ways, this volume is one that returns to the series’ roots. The cast, the plot, the battles, the setting, even the cover—all sorts of things have gone back to where they began. Story-wise, it marks the start of a lot of twists and turns, and I only plan to pick up the pace in the next volume, as well as delve a little more into Hiro’s past and the change that’s come over him. I hope you enjoy that when it comes around.</p>

      <p>I’ve mentioned the cover already, but Hiro does look cool up there, doesn’t he? Although I’m sure Liz will be the one to burn herself into your minds with her dignified beauty...and her thighs! Those thighs! I want to frame them and hang them on the wall!</p>

      <p>I have a feeling that Liz’s popularity will spike with this volume, and I’m sure she’ll soon be fighting Hiro for the top spot. Claudia is also a lot more popular among readers than you might expect. Scáthach is gaining fast from behind, and Aura is the top pick in my personal circles. I have no idea how that might change in the future, but I look forward to sharing the results.</p>

      <p>In any case, it’s time for the thank-yous.</p>

      <p>To Ruria Miyuki-sama, I always look forward to receiving your sketches. Your gorgeous illustrations never disappoint and never fail to heal my soul.</p>

      <p>To my editor, S-sama, I’m incredibly sorry for the trouble I cause you with every volume. I absolutely swear I’ll do better next time, and I look forward to continuing to work together.</p>

      <p>To everyone in the editing department, the proofreaders, the designers, and everybody else involved in the creation of this book, it wouldn’t exist at all without your efforts. Thank you all very much.</p>

      <p>To my coworkers, I’m terribly sorry for all the trouble I’ve caused you. I’m sure you must all want to give me a piece of your mind, but I hope you can find it in your hearts to forgive me.</p>

      <p>And to everyone who’s been following this series, I could never have gotten this far without all of your support. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.</p>

      <p>I plan to keep the chuuni waves on full blast over here, so I hope you’ll keep on supporting me.</p>

      <p>Until we meet again.</p>

      <p class="signature">奉 (Tatematsuri)</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>