<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Claudia’s Designs</h2>

      <p>The snowfields ran red. Every swing of her arm sent another corpse sprawling.</p>

      <p>A peculiar host marched at her back, speaking not a word as they mechanically cut down their foes. Only the rhythmical noise of their breathing passed their lips. They did not even cry out as they were cut, and they did not so much as flinch before retaliating with extraordinary violence. The screams of their enemies filled the air, squeezed from dying lungs.</p>

      <p>At last, the enemy saw that they were beaten and began to run. The song of steel faded, and the crimson rain began to congeal where it had fallen.</p>

      <p>“Long live Queen Claudia!” The cry went up once there were no more foes left to slay. “Long live Queen Claudia! Long live Queen Claudia!”</p>

      <p>More and more voices began to call her name. Their cheers shook the frozen air, bringing heat to the bitter cold.</p>

      <p>The amethyst figure that was Claudia answered the cheers with a flick of her sword. Gore sloughed from the blade, spattering the snow with scarlet. “I hardly needed to have taken to the field,” she remarked coldly to the minister at her shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Your Majesty,” the man said, “had you not joined the fray, the battle might have taken twice as long.”</p>

      <p>“That very reliance on borrowed strength is precisely why we remain plagued by bandits.” She peered down at him with an icy stare. The edge of her blade settled against his throat. “You will not trouble me with such matters again. Disgrace yourself a second time and you shall find yourself shorter by a head.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Majesty. Of course, Your Majesty.” The man blanched and bowed his head.</p>

      <p>Claudia cast him a look she might have saved for roadside refuse and expelled a sigh. <em>Once order has been restored to the region, I shall send him off to defend some backwater province.</em></p>

      <p>She had no need of retainers who relied on her for every little thing. To live dependent on others was the privilege of the commonfolk. The nobility might be born into power, but by the same token, they had a duty to lead—a notion clearly lost on the man by her side.</p>

      <p><em>And at a time when Lebering must stand strong, no less. Would that all of my vassals were of Lord Hiro’s caliber...</em></p>

      <p>There was no time to waste. The age was turning, and if her nation did not follow, it would be left behind.</p>

      <p>“The surrounding villages will require food for the next three months,” she said. “Your house will supply it.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Your Majesty... With respect, our coffers cannot bear—”</p>

      <p>“Enough. Would you prefer to part with the supplies you thought I did not notice you hoarding, or with your life?”</p>

      <p>The minister’s eyes bugged, but eventually, he reasoned that it was better to bow his head than lose it. “As you desire, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>“I’m glad we have an understanding.”</p>

      <p>The people were a treasure to be cherished, far more so than the man cowering before her now. Winter was setting in, and the cold had grown bitter. Many would starve or freeze to death before spring came.</p>

      <p><em>And I could not abide it if a future prodigy were among them.</em></p>

      <p>She had not come so far afield merely to exterminate bandits. She was searching for promising retainers. The royal city’s environs had already been scoured clean of talent, with every budding officer she could find added to her army. Now only the far-flung provinces remained.</p>

      <p>“He forges ever farther ahead, but I will not be left behind. If I should lose sight of him, what will become of my ambitions?”</p>

      <p>He was approaching the ultimate heights with formidable speed. She could not help but admire his prowess. The sight kindled a fire in her breast. She would not be outpaced. She would not be outdone.</p>

      <p><em>How marvelous. The farther out of reach he seems, the stronger I will become. And he will not lead me wrong. If I but follow him, I will soon gaze upon those heights myself.</em></p>

      <p>The Hero King’s heir, Hiro Schwartz. She would pursue him, seize hold of him—and overtake him.</p>

      <p>“May you fall to no other...until the day I devour you myself.”</p>

      <h2>Scáthach’s Sense of Shame</h2>

      <p>Hiro did not understand. His mind struggled to process what it was seeing.</p>

      <p>Well-proportioned limbs glowing with vigor. Pale skin glistening amber in the blush of sunset. Slick hair dripping with water that gradually surrendered to gravity, trickling in rivulets from collarbone to floor. The sight would have made anyone gulp. He stood frozen in panic, like a deer in the headlights.</p>

      <p>Scáthach’s cherry-pink lips trembled hesitantly. “L-Lord Hiro. May... May I ask what brings you here?”</p>

      <p>“Uh...I could ask you the same thing. What are you doing here?”</p>

      <p>By all rights, he should have been the one asking the questions. What was she doing here—and naked, no less? She had absolutely nothing to cover herself with. Her flawless body was on full display. As he stared, she flushed bright scarlet from chin to scalp.</p>

      <p>“I worked up a sweat while training. I thought I might run myself a bath.”</p>

      <p>“That...was my plan too.”</p>

      <p>“I see. It seems we both chose a poor time. An unfortunate coincidence.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Right. I guess so.” Why wasn’t she trying to cover up? “Um...you do know that I can see everything, right?”</p>

      <p>“What of it?”</p>

      <p>Scáthach’s face was beet red even as the question left her mouth. Her body language wasn’t matching her words. She had to be embarrassed, there was no question, but even so, she still wasn’t trying to cover herself.</p>

      <p>“I know I’m the one who walked in on you, but shouldn’t you be screaming at me? Or at least trying to cover up?”</p>

      <p>Why was he having to explain the problem to the person who should have been the victim? His head was starting to spin. Normally, he would have expected to be slapped, or shouted at, or forced to frantically apologize before fleeing down the corridor. But for some reason, he was stuck in this odd standoff instead.</p>

      <p>“Should a princess of Faerzen act like some common maiden?” Scáthach planted her hands on her hips, putting herself even more on display. “I am a knight. I have a duty to set an example through my strength and conduct.”</p>

      <p>Now Hiro was the one getting embarrassed. “That doesn’t mean you’re not allowed a sense of shame. If anything, that’s probably a good thing for a princess to have.”</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t be ridiculous. Being seen in the nude is no reason to raise my voice, let alone resort to violence. A princess would never disgrace herself with such unseemly behavior!”</p>

      <p>She spoke so passionately and gestured so emphatically that Hiro found himself being talked down. As best he could tell, she had overheated with embarrassment and now had no idea what she was saying.</p>

      <p>“Fine, but at least cover up...”</p>

      <p>“A preposterous suggestion. Why should I be ashamed of the body my parents gave me? I should be happy for you to look!”</p>

      <p>Tears beaded in the corners of her eyes. She looked like she was on the verge of crying. This was a lost cause. Trying to dig his heels in would only make it worse.</p>

      <p>“I-I see...” Hiro forced what might have been a diplomatic smile.</p>

      <p>“I am glad to hear it! Now stop standing there like a stump and take your bath! I shall return to my chamb— Wah!”</p>

      <p>Scáthach had started to walk away, her lips pressed tightly together, but slipped on the slick floor.</p>

      <p>“Watch ou—” Without thinking, Hiro reached out to catch her. What followed was simply a stroke of bad luck—or so he told himself—but the moment his hand touched something soft, he realized he had made a terrible mistake. He gritted his teeth and waited for the inevitable punch.</p>

      <p>It never came.</p>

      <p>“Eep! I-I’m sorry! I’ll go now!” Scáthach scrambled away, her face practically on fire. She spun around and tried to beat a retreat toward the corridor, but halfway there, she realized that she was still undressed. She picked up her clothes, hastily threw them on, and ran disheveled from the room.</p>

      <p>“Scáthach? What’s the matter?” Liz’s voice sounded from outside. “Why are you half-dressed?! Wait, are you crying?!”</p>

      <p>Struck by an ominous feeling, Hiro started thinking about making an escape.</p>

      <p>“It’s Hiro’s fault...” Scáthach whimpered. “It’s all Hiro’s fault!”</p>

      <p>“What did he do?!”</p>

      <p>In a flash, Hiro realized what was coming and bolted as fast as his legs would carry him.</p>

      <h2>The First Archpriestess</h2>

      <p>A horrific scene unfolded beneath the trees. The ground was awash with blood. Dying screams echoed through the air, only growing more numerous with time. But even that wretched sight seemed to fade away as Hiro stood entranced. Golden hair, silk-soft, danced beneath the boughs, setting the forest glittering with heavenly light as it caught the shafts of sunlight filtering through the canopy.</p>

      <p>“Hah!”</p>

      <p>She expelled a quiet, sharp breath. One clean slash cut down the monster before her. It was not her only victim—one by one, the other creatures surrounding her slumped to the ground. Blood arced high with every cut, but not a single drop fell upon her. The sword in her hands stayed undulled as it did its work, its glittering blade untouched by crimson stains.</p>

      <p>She was a fantastical vision. An otherworldly sight. To look at her was to wonder whether one had strayed into a dream—and dimly, it occurred to Hiro that she was all the more beautiful for it.</p>

      <p><em>Beautiful</em>. Nothing else could describe her; no other word could suit her better. She carried herself lightly and fought as though dancing, like a battle maiden straight out of a story book. She was beautiful...and who could fail to fall in love with beauty?</p>

      <p>“Are you unhurt?”</p>

      <p>Her voice yanked Hiro back to reality, but it still took a moment for the haze of infatuation to clear from his mind.</p>

      <p>“What?” he blurted out dumbly.</p>

      <p>“The Anfang Forest is a far more perilous place than it was when you were summoned to this world. Did Lord Artheus not warn you to stay away?”</p>

      <p>Her smile shone with a Madonna’s compassion. He felt the strength leave his limbs; it was impossible to resist.</p>

      <p>She held out a hand as white as porcelain. “Can you stand?”</p>

      <p>Belated embarrassment welled up in Hiro’s chest as he gazed at her fingers. Not only had he needed a woman to save him from monsters, he had collapsed on his behind from fear and couldn’t even get up on his own. Overcome by shame, he brushed her hand aside.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine. I can do it myself.”</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, his legs didn’t agree. He tried to force himself to his feet, but his knees buckled and he fell again, smacking his rear painfully against the ground. That only brought on another surge of self-loathing. He hung his head, unpleasantly reminded of his own weakness and insignificance.</p>

      <p>“What are you so ashamed of?”</p>

      <p>Hiro raised his head to find the woman’s beautiful visage startlingly close. Her hand reached out to cup his cheek.</p>

      <p>“People depend on one another when they must, and allow others to depend on them in turn. That is how they grow strong. Do not belittle yourself so. You are destined to become strong indeed.”</p>

      <p>“What makes you so certain?”</p>

      <p>“I see it in your eyes. Whether someone will resign themselves to their circumstances, or whether they have the will to break free...all this is written in their eyes.”</p>

      <p>There was nothing that Hiro could say. She spoke with such force as to brook no disagreement, with such confidence as to leave no room for argument, and her words struck him square in the chest.</p>

      <p>“May we not walk side by side? When such serendipity has brought us together, it would be foolish to disagree.” She smiled a little bashfully, for once looking her age, and giggled. “You may depend on me, so long as I may depend on you.”</p>

      <p>“Rey, I...” Hiro tried to speak, but a pale finger stayed his lips.</p>

      <p>“Ssh. It’s all right. Let us grow strong together.”</p>

      <p>She was beautiful. Nothing else could describe her—and her smile drew him in, deeper and deeper, like the bottomless depths of the clear blue sky.</p>

      <h2>A Message for My Brother</h2>

      <p>How many months had passed since Hiro had left Aletia, Artheus could not tell. After his brother’s departure, he had ceased to count the days.</p>

      <p>“Are you well, I wonder?” he mused.</p>

      <p>In a chamber that none but the emperor were permitted to enter, he stood alone. A few steps toward the window and he looked down over the rose garden, tended so carefully by the gardeners. These were the times when his heart wavered.</p>

      <p>“The empire has grown too large for its own good, Schwartz. We attained more strength than we needed, and this is the result.”</p>

      <p>That did not mean that he would turn his back on it. Many had given their lives to see this nation raised. He had hardened his heart and fought on as his loved ones died around him, and this was his prize.</p>

      <p>“Of all the souls who gave me their loyalty on that day, I could count on one hand the number that remain.”</p>

      <p>The first archpriestess was gone. Hiro was gone. His retainers had stepped down from the stage one by one. Yet despite it all, those whom Hiro had left in his service remained among his most steadfast subordinates.</p>

      <p>“Even now that you are gone, you support me.”</p>

      <p>Still, peace was a long way away. As a nation expanded, it ran into new quandaries. The fires of war swept across the continent time and again. With the Grantzian Empire bordering so many other nations, conflict never ceased.</p>

      <p>“There truly are no limits to human greed. What possesses us to make these troubles for ourselves?”</p>

      <p>The nation bowed to him now. There was nothing to stop him letting his ego swell if he was so inclined. But when all others left him and he was by himself, he was reminded anew that he was alone.</p>

      <p>A voice issued from beyond the door. “Your Majesty, Lord Lacerta of the Kingdom of Eidechse requests an audience.”</p>

      <p>Artheus swiveled and walked toward the door. “And how is he?” he asked as he passed into the corridor.</p>

      <p>The nobleman bowed his head. He was a faithful retainer who had served Artheus since the Grantzian Empire had been only a kingdom. “Pointedly unruffled, Your Majesty. He seems to expect that he will face no consequences.”</p>

      <p>“Then he underestimates me.”</p>

      <p>“Naturally. Our strength is concentrated in the west at present.” The retainer’s voice dropped a notch, and a shadow came over his face. “And Lord Schwartz is...indisposed.”</p>

      <p>To avoid unnecessary disruption, Artheus had avoided telling the people about Hiro’s departure, instead blaming his absence on an injury from which he needed time to recover. As time dragged on, however, rumors had naturally begun to spread that his death was being concealed. Now the lie had become a liability, spawning more and more doubts as to the empire’s integrity.</p>

      <p>“So my brother is the lynchpin keeping my nation together.” Artheus chuckled. “I suppose I should be proud.”</p>

      <p>The Grantzian Empire’s enemies had only grown more numerous after Hiro’s departure. That was one of the reasons its forces were currently heading west—the Kingdom of Eidechse was attacking Baum.</p>

      <p>“Lord Schwartz is beloved by all, Your Majesty, both within the empire and without.”</p>

      <p>He certainly possessed an uncanny charm, that much was true. Despite his soft features, he was a rock in times of crisis. At a word, men who were usually at loggerheads would band together to fight beneath his banner.</p>

      <p>Artheus stopped. Silence fell over the hallway.</p>

      <p>His retainer looked back, frowning. “Your Majesty? Is something amiss?”</p>

      <p>Artheus gave no answer. He only gazed absently through the circular windows on the right-hand wall.</p>

      <p><em>Schwartz... Or Hiro, I should say...</em></p>

      <p>He had never tried to count how many days had passed since Hiro’s departure. The more he dwelled on the passage of time, the more despondent he became, and the more distant those golden years seemed to grow.</p>

      <p><em>Someday, this world will call on you again.</em></p>

      <p>That was a certainty. An inescapable fate.</p>

      <p><em>I doubt I’ll still be here when that day comes. I won’t be able to save you when you need it most. But there is no need to fear.</em></p>

      <p>His will would endure. He would make certain of it. He would leave behind strength enough to save his brother.</p>

      <p><em>You are not alone, Hiro. My soul will walk with you, always.</em></p>

      <p>He might very well be bound for a lonely end, but he would fight on even so—until his bones were dust.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>