<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Hiro’s brow furrowed. “What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“<em>They</em> walk among us. There’s no doubt about it. I say again: be careful.” Selene drew back. “And now that I’ve said my piece, I suppose I will retire. I hope you’ll understand when I say I don’t wish to stay too long.”</p>

      <p>He stepped past Hiro and strode away, leaving only a breezy smile belying the weight of his words. Hiro spun around to see him waving goodbye over his shoulder.</p>

      <p>“May we meet again.” With his subordinates in tow, he left the hall.</p>

      <p><em>Was that a warning? Who is “they”? Be careful of what?</em></p>

      <p>But Hiro didn’t have time to ponder what Selene had said.</p>

      <p>“Hiro! What took you so long?!” Liz spotted him and marched over. “We’re going back home. Rosa’s had too much wine.”</p>

      <p>Hiro glanced to Liz’s side, to where Rosa was leaning on her shoulder, cheeks flushed bright red.</p>

      <p>Rosa peered back at him. “My dear Black Prince...” she slurred. “I’m thinking your neck looks<em> quite</em> delectable...”</p>

      <p>Hiro pulled a face. It was some kind of cruel irony that somebody with her taste for alcohol was such a lightweight. “What’s that supposed to mean? Come on, cut it out. People are staring.”</p>

      <p>“Disgraceful,” Aura added, although her scorn went unheard by Rosa’s drunken ears.</p>

      <p>Hiro laughed awkwardly. “All right. Back to the mansion it is.”</p>

      <p>Just before he turned to leave, he cast one final glance around the hall. While a large number of nobles were still present, the most powerful houses were nowhere to be seen. Those who remained were mostly undeclared nobles, interspersed with a handful of central nobles who had turned their backs on House Krone.</p>

      <p>A particularly large gathering caught his eye. At the center of the conversation stood the head of House Maruk. The evening hadn’t given Hiro a chance to introduce himself, but as he looked away, he felt a strange certainty that events would push them into contact sooner or later.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Rosa! Walk straight, would you?!”</p>

      <p>“My darling Black Prince... You may need to lend me your shoulder.”</p>

      <p>“All right, all right.”</p>

      <p>With a pained smile at the drunken woman clinging to his arm, he set out back to the mansion.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>The group arrived to find Scáthach waiting for them.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back. I hope you enjoyed the banquet—although one look at you, my lady, tells me all I need to know on that score.” A sheen of sweat glimmered like dew on Scáthach’s forehead as she gave Rosa a bright smile.</p>

      <p>“Have you been training?” Hiro asked.</p>

      <p>She looked away bashfully and nodded. “My edge will dull should I neglect to maintain it. And exercise keeps the mind from wandering.”</p>

      <p>Aside from Garda and his subordinates, with whom she had barely exchanged names, she had been left alone in the mansion. With Liz and the others gone, she would have had nothing but her thoughts to keep her company—something that must be especially difficult here, in the home of her sworn nemeses. It seemed to Hiro that she must have been training to keep her mind clear of such thoughts, and he was not the only one who surmised as much.</p>

      <p>“Scáthach!”</p>

      <p>“What—? Ah!”</p>

      <p>Liz hurled herself at the knight and flung her arms around her.</p>

      <p>“This is...very sudden. Is something the matter?”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry.” Liz’s voice was quiet and thin, but its trembling tones lodged deep in the ears. “I couldn’t keep my promise.”</p>

      <p>Scáthach’s eyes widened with comprehension before her face relaxed into a gentle smile. “As I believe I told you, your sentiment suffices.”</p>

      <p>She was referring, Hiro suspected, to Liz’s time in captivity. He had only heard bits and pieces of what had happened between them while she was in the keeping of the Faerzen Resistance, but it was plain to see they had forged a strong bond.</p>

      <p>“Not for me.” Liz shook her head in dissatisfaction. “I made you a promise, and I’m going to keep it.”</p>

      <p>“I believe I also told you that I would not see your heart tarnished on my account.” Scáthach laid a compassionate hand on Liz’s back. “Pursue your own goals. You need not worry on account of a vagabond such as I.”</p>

      <p>“I’m going to do this. Try all you like, you won’t talk me down.”</p>

      <p>Scáthach chuckled. “I see. Then I await the day you come to me with better news.” The corners of her mouth pulled into a defeated smile—clearly, Liz was not going to give in. The bond between the two was firm and shone with a brilliant light. To see their compassion for one another filled the heart with joy.</p>

      <p>“My sweet Liz, stolen away to another’s bed...”</p>

      <p>The scene’s beauty was marred only by one slightly odd comment from a drunken Rosa.</p>

      <p>“What’s that supposed to mean?” Hiro asked.</p>

      <p>“Can I not feel lonely watching my little sister fly the nest? With Liz gone, yours will be the only shoulder I can cling to. Isn’t that a sad thought?”</p>

      <p>“That’s no reason to be inappropriate.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, please. It was just the wine talking. Anyway, why don’t we take this chance to deepen <em>our</em> bond, hmm?” Rosa leaned onto him with all her weight.</p>

      <p>“Hey, stop that! You’re heav— Ah.” Hiro froze as he realized what he had just said.</p>

      <p>“Did you just call me <em>heavy</em>?” Rosa began crackling with fury.</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I meant. I suppose I just...misspoke, I guess...”</p>

      <p>He wasn’t lying. With a Spiritblade’s protection, Rosa would be fairly light. The words had been an involuntary reaction, nothing more. Nonetheless, the genie was out of the bottle now, and it wouldn’t return until blood was spilled.</p>

      <p>“It sounds like <em>someone’s</em> asking me to smother them to death with my chest.”</p>

      <p>“Disgraceful,” Aura muttered again, watching them in disbelief.</p>

      <p>Seeing him fighting for his dignity, Scáthach finally took pity on Hiro. “Shall I help escort her to her room?”</p>

      <p>“You stay out of this!” Rosa snapped. Evidently, she still hadn’t forgiven Scáthach for stealing away her sister.</p>

      <p>Hiro heaved an exasperated sigh and turned to Scáthach. “Leave her to me. You were about to take a bath, weren’t you?”</p>

      <p>Most likely, she hadn’t actually intended to greet them as they returned from the banquet. She had simply been heading to the balnea after training and happened to pass by the entrance as they arrived.</p>

      <p>His guess seemed to be on the mark, because she nodded. “As you say. I am impressed you could tell.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t let us keep you, then.” He shot her a meaningful look. “Take Liz and Aura too.”</p>

      <p>The signal was only brief, but she caught his meaning. “I see. Come, you two. Let us bathe together.” She flung her arms around Liz and Aura’s shoulders and pulled them close.</p>

      <p>“Whoa! Hey! What’s gotten into you?!”</p>

      <p>“Mmph!”</p>

      <p>Both of their eyes flew wide with surprise as she marched them away.</p>

      <p>“The bath’s already been drawn. For quite a while, in fact. We must hurry before it grows cold. And we must get in together, of course, or else we would waste water!”</p>

      <p>As the trio receded noisily down the corridor, Hiro offered Rosa his shoulder and headed upstairs. His room was in the middle of the second floor. Inside was a bed, a writing desk, several freestanding chairs, and various other furnishings. A flag emblazoned with House Kelheit’s livery hung on the wall alongside Hiro’s own black dragon standard. Clearly, it was more than a simple guest room—it had been prepared for him in advance.</p>

      <p>“You can stop now,” he said as he entered.</p>

      <p>Rosa immediately dropped her pretense and stood up straight. “Good,” she sighed, her slurring gone. “It’s more tiring than you might expect, playing the drunk.”</p>

      <p>“Did you really have to?” Hiro asked.</p>

      <p>“I have to be a strong elder sister for Liz, do I not?” Rosa sank into a nearby chair and leaned back, looking toward the ceiling. “There’s no denying it. The emperor outplayed us.”</p>

      <p>Clearly she, too, was frustrated by the missed opportunity. She had put on a show of bravado for Liz’s benefit, but deep down, she felt perhaps the most responsible of all. Hiro had only seen through the act once they had returned, after which he had signaled Scáthach to take Liz and Aura elsewhere.</p>

      <p>“If only I’d seen earlier what he intended, everything would have been in our favor.” Her fist clenched in chagrin on top of the armrest.</p>

      <p>At a time like this, where the situation was so uncertain, words of reassurance would be useless. Whatever he said, she would disagree. But trying to empathize with her would only make things worse—he would end up sharing her despair, and they would sink together into the same swamp. What to do, then? Humans feel better when they air their grievances. Speaking them aloud lessens the burden on the mind. No, comfort was the best approach here, even if she might reject it.</p>

      <p>“It’s nobody’s fault,” he said. “No one could have predicted what Stovell was going to do.”</p>

      <p>“But surely I could have done <em>something </em>more. For Liz’s sake.”</p>

      <p>“Where’s the fun in always winning? A little adversity keeps things interesting. You’ll only get complacent if everything always goes your way.”</p>

      <p>“There’s truth in that, I suppose...”</p>

      <p>“Besides, we haven’t lost yet. The game’s still in its early stages. It’s getting more complicated by the day, but its direction is promising.” Hiro’s smile deepened as he raised a hand to his eyepatch. “You have to find enjoyment in your successes <em>and</em> your failures. Otherwise, you won’t last until the end of the game.”</p>

      <p>“Do you truly find enjoyment in matters of life and death?” Rosa asked.</p>

      <p>Hiro nodded gleefully. “But of course—”</p>

      <p>And he froze.</p>

      <p>Tracing his lips with a trembling finger, he repeated in his mind what he had just been about to say.</p>

      <p><em>What was that?</em></p>

      <p>A chill ran up his spine at the words still caught in his throat. At the violent passions trying to stoke him to aggression.</p>

      <p><em>Why would I say that?</em></p>

      <p>A visceral pleasure swelled from the depths of his heart. He clutched at his chest, desperately choking it back.</p>

      <p>“Is something wrong?” Rosa peered at him with concern, sensing his distress.</p>

      <p>He shook his head to say that nothing was wrong, although his face was so pale that she would never believe him. She arched a single perfect eyebrow but otherwise didn’t press the point and tactfully changed the topic.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s certainly true that moping around will get us nowhere. Let’s focus on the central nobles for now, shall we?”</p>

      <p>Their troubles shouldn’t have been so easily dismissed, but Rosa’s pride as the leader of House Kelheit refused to let her gripe about them any longer. Her eyes turned steely, as though she was forcing herself to act like an adult.</p>

      <p>“They’re the ones who came out worst from today’s audience. Not only have they lost the horse they were backing now that Stovell’s given up his claim to the throne, their leaders, House Krone, have been stripped of their lands. If House Krone does nothing but sit on its hands, the entire faction will fall apart, and you can be certain House Maruk will be there to pick up the pieces.”</p>

      <p>Rosa reached for the carafe of water on the nearby desk with one hand and picked up a glass with the other. She began to pour. Once the glass was full, she drank it in one. Her tongue snaked out lasciviously to wet her lips.</p>

      <p>“That’s if they do nothing, but we know that’s not their way. They’re bound to resort to extreme measures. And unfortunately for them, it seems the emperor has seen right through their plans.”</p>

      <p>She and the rest of the nobles had gathered their forces in the capital. House Krone would pay dearly for any attempt at rebellion. But if they endured their punishment in silence, they would be mocked by the nobility and sneered at by the commonfolk.</p>

      <p>“They won’t have an easy road ahead of them, no matter which path they choose.” Hiro sat down on the bed, finally composed. Animal instinct still raged like a storm inside his chest, but that was nothing but his anxiety about the future taking shape as emotional turmoil—or so he told himself.</p>

      <p>“The greatest surprise of the night was that Stovell gave up his claim to the throne at all,” Rosa sighed.</p>

      <p>Hiro agreed. Who in the throne room would have imagined that the first prince would give up on the crown there and then? Surely nobody...with the exception of the emperor.</p>

      <p>“It caught me off guard too, but it’ll only make things harder for him. He’s thrown away half of what makes him valuable.”</p>

      <p>The loss of status meant the loss of power—and without power, one could not survive in the devils’ den that was high society.</p>

      <p>After a moment, Hiro spoke again. “Do you think he’s planning something?”</p>

      <p>Rosa sighed and shrugged. “Who can say? It’s not like him to take such an unpredictable tack, and he’s doing a remarkable job of evading my spies. All we can really do is make sure not to give him the chance to plant a knife in our backs.” She cupped her chin in her hands, as though she had just remembered something. “I did hear one thing that struck me as peculiar, though.”</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>“Do you recall von Loeing? The former high general who never left Stovell’s side? He’s nowhere to be seen.”</p>

      <p>“‘Former’ high general? You mean he lost his rank?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, of course. You wouldn’t have heard.”</p>

      <p>With a nod, Rosa launched into an explanation. Under the shadow of Liz’s capture, a second incident had occurred in the empire in the past few weeks. As word of events in Faerzen arrived in the capital, the emperor had received a resignation letter from von Loeing.</p>

      <p>“The emperor accepted, but he was furious that von Loeing had acted out of line. He demoted him to the position of a common infantryman.”</p>

      <p>The repercussions had plunged von Loeing’s house into chaos. Ultimately, to avoid collateral damage, his son had cut ties and cast him out of the family.</p>

      <p>“Things were messy in the capital at the time. With what happened to Liz, all sorts of speculation was flying around. It was impossible to tell what was true and what was false.”</p>

      <p>After that, von Loeing had become far lower priority than House Krone.</p>

      <p>“Still, I should have told you sooner.” Rosa bowed her head in apology.</p>

      <p>Hiro shook his head. “No use crying over spilled milk. Besides, you made the right choice.”</p>

      <p>With all of his focus on Liz, he might not even have had any brainpower to spare on von Loeing. The information would only have confused him, especially when it couldn’t even be verified. Still, now that he had time to think about it, von Loeing’s decision seemed nothing but foolish. Why insist on resignation to the point of losing his own home? What did he have to gain?</p>

      <p><em>I suppose there’s no accounting for individual priorities...</em></p>

      <p>Regardless, it was concerning that both Stovell and von Loeing were acting so erratically.</p>

      <p>“I’m pleased to hear you say that.” Rosa looked genuinely relieved.</p>

      <p>Hiro flashed her a small smile of his own and cocked his head. “So when was he last seen?”</p>

      <p>“I suppose you recall when he and Stovell vanished from the capital?”</p>

      <p>“I remember. One of your men wrote to me about it just before I left for Draal.”</p>

      <p>“Stovell returned to the capital a few days ago, but von Loeing wasn’t with him. Rumors are swirling that they’ve parted ways. So I suppose it’s been about a month now since anybody’s seen him.”</p>

      <p>“Plenty of time to make all kinds of preparations.”</p>

      <p>“Agreed. They’re up to something, there’s no question about that. But as I say, my spies keep drawing blanks.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>He could offer to lend her Huginn and Muninn, but Rosa’s spies were undoubtedly exceptional. He couldn’t send the siblings into danger when there was no guarantee they would do any better. If things went poorly and they lost their lives, he wouldn’t be able to stomach the regret.</p>

      <p>“So, where do we go from here?” he asked. “I think we should keep prioritizing House Krone.”</p>

      <p>“I agree. If they claw their way back now, everything we’ve worked for will have been for nothing.”</p>

      <p>Their next priority would be the emperor. If they wanted to extract an apology from him, they would have to spread rumors of his misconduct among the people. Even he would not be able to ignore a groundswell of popular disapproval. Last was Stovell, but with his actions a mystery, moving against him too rashly could easily backfire. They had no choice but to leave him to his own devices for now.</p>

      <p>“We just have to play the cards we have. If Stovell’s covering his tracks, send your spies after his aides, his noble associates, anyone he’s close to. And could you look into Second Prince Selene too?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. I’ll tell my men they aren’t to overlook the slightest detail.”</p>

      <p>As Rosa gave a final nod, Hiro sensed somebody approaching from down the corridor. He turned his eyes to the door just as the doorknob began to rattle.</p>

      <p>“Hiro! The bath was <em>great!</em>” Liz entered with Cerberus in tow. “You should join me—” She stopped dead, cutting herself off as she sensed the tension in the room.</p>

      <p>The atmosphere grew more and more awkward. She peered at Hiro and Rosa in turn.</p>

      <p>“Umm...why haven’t you put any lights on? Isn’t Rosa supposed to be sleeping?”</p>

      <p>“I...I meant to! But everything turned so cold and sober once my dear little sister left. Thank goodness you’re back! I was about to die of loneliness!”</p>

      <p>With an oddly forced voice, Rosa sprang up from her chair and flung her arms around Liz. Hiro looked on, a little confused. It wouldn’t have done any harm to bring Liz up to speed on the conversation, but perhaps Rosa feared being blamed for her mistakes—or perhaps she had instinctively hidden the truth out of guilt. Either way, it was a rare opportunity to enjoy seeing her knocked off-balance. He quietly resolved to fill Liz in later.</p>

      <p>“You’re still drunk, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Who knows? My own actions are a mystery even to me, sister dear. Perhaps the wine really is getting to me.”</p>

      <p>“You’re <em>definitely</em> still drunk.”</p>

      <p>Hiro stifled a smile as he watched their affectionate exchange. He found himself wishing that they would never change. Dark clouds might lie ahead, but if they joined hands and braved the storm, they could build a nation where their smiles could last forever.</p>

      <p><em>And when that day comes, will I be there, smiling alongside you?</em></p>

      <p>With a sad smile, he cast a glance at the night sky. The stars lay shrouded behind a thick blanket of cloud. The moon had hidden itself like a wicked thought, and its gentle light no longer reached the earth.</p>

      <p><em>But I’ll have already played my part by then, won’t I?</em></p>

      <p>Outside the window, the clouds began to weep.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>