<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Aha... Ha ha ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>The laughter belonged not to Hiro, but to Stovell.</p>

      <p>“What’s so funny?”</p>

      <p>Stovell grinned wide enough to split his face in two. “Oh, this scent... I know it well.” He raised his Spiritblades, Mjölnir in his right hand, Gandiva in his left. “We truly are alike. You too possess the power of the Demiurgos!”</p>

      <p>That name sealed his fate. He could not have chosen a more incendiary word.</p>

      <p>Silence fell. All sound vanished from the chamber, as though the world had been submerged in cold water.</p>

      <p>And then...</p>

      <p>And then...</p>

      <p>And then.</p>

      <p>The air screamed. Groaned. Wailed.</p>

      <p>Crushed by pressure. Flayed by malice. Swallowed whole by sheer power.</p>

      <p>“You’d have to be very brave or very foolish to speak that name aloud.” Uranos flared bright in the freezing darkness. The Black Camellia beat angrily at the air, although there was no wind. “Keep your bleating to yourself. Or I’ll cut you down with your delusions.”</p>

      <p>The boy’s outer shell fell away, and beneath it lay a darkness that none had ever seen.</p>

      <p>“Bold words,” Stovell snarled. “Let’s see you match them!”</p>

      <p>He leaped gleefully in for the kill, swinging Mjölnir overhand, but Hiro was no longer there. The battle-axe shattered stone, sending up a plume of rubble. Stovell looked around and spotted Hiro’s silhouette in the debris.</p>

      <p>“I shall put your strength to the test!”</p>

      <p>He brandished Mjölnir like a twig. A crackling edge carved out a perfect arc as it swept toward its target. Hiro thrust out Dáinsleif, but otherwise, he did not move.</p>

      <p>Impact.</p>

      <p>Sparks sprayed as the blades ground together. A metallic keening filled the throne room. As a blast wave surged outward in all directions, lightning crashed and a razor gale blew, both converging on Hiro.</p>

      <p>“Too slow. I can see every move you make.”</p>

      <p>Hiro took one step back, and somehow, impossibly, everything missed him. A twitch of his head, a shift of his leg, a wave of his arm, a twist of his shoulders—he evaded every blow with the minimal necessary movement.</p>

      <p>“Impressive. You have some skill, I’ll give you that!”</p>

      <p>Delight spread across Stovell’s face, although it could not quite conceal his surprise. Nonetheless, he pressed the attack, giving Hiro no room to breathe. Countless sparks showered down around them. One strike, two strikes, three—time stretched on as they exchanged a seemingly endless series of blows.</p>

      <p>“Not yet...” Stovell roared. “Not yet! I will surpass you! I shall cut you down and rise to greater heights!”</p>

      <p>His elation spurred him on. His rage swelled his muscles. His might became a bottomless well of strength. Symbols flared into life all over his body like castigating brands. Growth became evolution became ascendance. Through battle with his nemesis, his body strove to perfect itself for combat.</p>

      <p>Hiro scowled. For the first time, his keen composure seemed to waver. He leaned away from Mjölnir’s wild swings, deflected the blades of wind seeking to flay his skin, cut down a lightning bolt aimed at his feet with a dismissive slash. He kicked off against empty air and leaped backward.</p>

      <p>“Does your heart not dance, Fourth Prince?” Stovell growled. “Only in mortal combat do our souls transcend.”</p>

      <p>His piercing glare bored into Hiro. His shoulders shook with mirth. An arrogant grin spread impossibly wide across a face grown so demonic, it seemed unthinkable that he had ever been human.</p>

      <p>“But in the end, it will be I who climbs to heaven...atop the corpses of all who would stand in my way.”</p>

      <p>“Even if you could, I wouldn’t let you.” Hiro gave a helpless shrug and sighed. “Only one person can stand in heaven, and it won’t be you.”</p>

      <p>Stovell’s eyes narrowed. “What?”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s lips curved into a crescent smile. The light in his void-black eyes was nothing so half-hearted as bloodlust. He fixed Stovell with a chilling gaze born of unbridled murder.</p>

      <p>“The heavens are mine to devour.”</p>

      <p>His irises swirled with darkness. Animosity emanated from him, sharp as a blade.</p>

      <p>“I will give them up when the sun rises again...and not a day before.”</p>

      <p>He raised Dáinsleif and held it perfectly flat, its tip leveled at Stovell.</p>

      <p>“All lives are beckoned likewise to nothingness.”</p>

      <p>And he unleashed Schwartzwald—Deathly Stillness.</p>

      <p>No change came upon the chamber. The pressure in the air merely intensified. The black-haired boy stood before Stovell just as he had before, his nonchalant stance unchanged. A wide distance remained between them—and so Stovell let his guard down.</p>

      <p>“Ngh—?!”</p>

      <p>Blood exploded from his chest. He sank to one knee, watching dumbly as it traced a crimson arc through the air. His face was a picture of incomprehension. A moment passed in silence, and then he exploded with anger.</p>

      <p>“What did you <em>do</em>?!”</p>

      <p>His roar shook the air. His wound wasn’t healing. Like Liz’s touch earlier, the strike had done something to him. Blood dripped onto the flagstones beneath him in an ever-widening pool.</p>

      <p>Fury overpowered pain. He rose to his feet, his features twisted in a vicious snarl.</p>

      <p>“Raaaaaagh!”</p>

      <p>He charged furiously at Hiro, roaring like a beast. Lightning ran amok. Razor winds scored the stone in all directions. Mana poured forth from him in a display of overpowering might.</p>

      <p>Hiro quietly closed his eyes, half-hidden in the darkness, and waited. His face bore nothing that could be called emotion. There was no fear, no anger, not even pride—only emptiness. Sweat beaded on his brow.</p>

      <p>“You still haven’t learned to control your power. Without reason, you’re no better than a beast.” He laid a hand against Dáinsleif’s blade and lowered his center of gravity, sinking into an iai stance. “So I’d better kill you here. Or else you might cause me trouble down the road.”</p>

      <p>As the sentence passed his lips—</p>

      <p><em>Cling</em>. The peal of bells rang through the chamber. For just a moment, the sound drew Hiro’s attention. When he looked back, Stovell was gone.</p>

      <p>“Dáinsleif, cursed most foully.”</p>

      <p><em>Cling</em>. The bells chimed again, louder this time. The darkness around Hiro dissolved, blown away like confetti on the wind.</p>

      <p>“Dáinsleif, blade of tragedy.”</p>

      <p><em>Cling</em>. The bell’s third note seized Hiro and bound him tight. Invisible chains gripped him like a vise.</p>

      <p>“Who’s there?” He marshaled his strength and broke through his bonds, sweeping the room with an angry gaze.</p>

      <p>“Don’t you remember me? And here I went to all that trouble to introduce myself. It is I, Nameless. An álf, as you might recall.” The figure placed two fingers on either side of their hood like mock ears. “I have come in the hope that you might be amenable to...negotiation.”</p>

      <p>“I’m not interested in bargaining. Stovell dies, here and now.”</p>

      <p>Hiro leaped forward, closing the distance to Nameless in a single bound. His blade bit into the figure’s cloak—but where blood should have sprayed, his target only shimmered like a mirage, and all at once they were gone.</p>

      <p>“My, my. You are terribly aggressive today. Or perhaps I should say, you’ve finally shown your true self?”</p>

      <p>A mocking voice issued from behind Hiro’s back. He spun around to see Nameless seated on the throne. Stovell lay at the figure’s feet.</p>

      <p>Nameless laid an arm on the armrest and raised two fingers. “I have two pieces of information to offer, my lord, both of interest to you. Will that be enough to buy your mercy?”</p>

      <p>Hiro planted a hand on his hip and sighed. When he looked back up, it was with a smirk. “All right. Let’s hear them.”</p>

      <p>It wouldn’t hurt to accept the offer. If worst came to worst, he could kill both Nameless and Stovell after hearing what the former had to say.</p>

      <p>The álf’s lips pulled into a grin. “Then first, this: I maintain a mutually beneficial relationship with the assassins of Orcus, so I happen to know that they seek the revival of their Father. Lord Stovell’s present condition is part of their design. They are quite remarkable, you know. They are both everywhere and nowhere, and one might as well try to catch hold of smoke.” A titter. “And the second morsel: my countrymen in Six Kingdoms intend to launch a full-scale invasion of the empire in the coming days. Lord Stovell has sold his nation out, I fear. Children cannot choose their parents, they say, but nor can parents choose their children...a truth I know only too well.”</p>

      <p>Nameless spread both arms wide, as though inviting Hiro’s appraisal.</p>

      <p>“Is that all?” Hiro asked.</p>

      <p>“Oh, yes, quite all. I have said everything I came to say.”</p>

      <p>Then the álf was no more use. Hiro moved forward to strike.</p>

      <p>“Is that wise, my lord? Think of what you will do to the first emperor’s throne.”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s hand froze mid-swing.</p>

      <p>Nameless unleashed a laugh to see him relent so easily. “But you couldn’t, could you? The throne has stood vigil over this chamber for one thousand years and borne nary a scratch.” The álf’s fingers caressed the armrest lasciviously. “What it is made of, I could not hope to guess, but I know that you could never destroy it.”</p>

      <p>With a graceful motion, Nameless leaned over and picked Stovell up by the scruff of the neck. “Allow me to offer you a warning, my lord, in view of the compassion you have shown. One’s true foes conceal themselves. They lurk in the dark and wait for their prey to grow weak. Is it not said that the real villain only reveals themselves in the final act?”</p>

      <p>“I think people usually say that the hero only arrives at the eleventh hour.”</p>

      <p>“Do they? Well, I suppose it makes little difference.”</p>

      <p>“Are you trying to say that someone out there orchestrated all this? Everything that’s happened?”</p>

      <p>“Who can say? But I wager you will understand soon enough.” Nameless struck a metal staff against the floor, and the world shivered once more with the sound of bells. “Let us meet again. After the empire has fallen, perhaps.”</p>

      <p>Space swirled, swallowing the darkness. A large rift opened in the throne room.</p>

      <p>Nameless giggled. “Well, then. Farewell for now...my Black-Winged Lord.”</p>

      <p>With one last cryptic remark, both the álf and Stovell vanished. Silence fell once more, leaving only sorrow laced with solitude—and the footsteps rushing down the outside corridor soon shattered even that.</p>

      <p>“Look for survivors! And keep your guard up! There’s no telling what might be lurking!”</p>

      <p>Garda’s voice resounded from somewhere in the corridor. Soldiers began filing in through the doors. All at once, the throne room was filled with noise.</p>

      <p>“Your Ladyship? Scáthach?! Guards! These two need healing!”</p>

      <p>As Hiro stood in silence, a silver-haired girl approached him.</p>

      <p>“Are you hurt?”</p>

      <p>Aura peered into his face, concern in her eyes, but he could not hear her. One name swirled within his mind, occluding all else.</p>

      <p>The Black-Winged Lord.</p>

      <p>A name that had once brought terror to Aletia.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>