<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“All that, and still you live?” Stovell tried to rise, only to realize that his leg was broken. As he finally registered the cause of his fall, searing pain assailed him.</p>

      <p>“Gaaah!”</p>

      <p>Neither his arm nor his leg were regenerating. On closer inspection, both were covered in blue welts.</p>

      <p>“What...is this...?”</p>

      <p>The welts slowly faded. His wounds began to heal once more. The pain ebbed away, giving him room to think again. His brows knitted in a frown.</p>

      <p>“Liz... What have you done—?”</p>

      <p>His face burst into flame. Blue fire consumed his skull.</p>

      <p>“Gyaaaaaaaaahhh!!!”</p>

      <p>As Stovell rolled around the floor in agony, Liz silently retrieved Lævateinn. She set her sights on Stovell’s back and raised her arm for the killing blow. Sensing danger, Mjölnir unleashed a mighty blast of lightning, sending her crashing into a pillar. She slid down to the floor in a heap, unconscious.</p>

      <p>“Damn it! Damn it all! The pain won’t stop... My wounds won’t heal! What is this sorcery?!”</p>

      <p>As Stovell cursed to himself, he caught sight of his reflection in the flagstones. His face was swathed in burns. His eyes widened in confusion.</p>

      <p>At that moment, a new set of footsteps sounded through the hall.</p>

      <p>“How many more of you upstarts must I endure?” Stovell cast a hate-filled glance toward the noise, a hand pressed to his wounds. “Do you not realize that you are outclassed?”</p>

      <p>Before him stood a black-haired, black-eyed boy, his features soft, his stance relaxed.</p>

      <p>“Time for you to die,” the boy said, and his mouth pulled into a savage grin.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>This, Hiro had not expected. Indeed, he could not hide his shock at just how far his predictions had missed the mark.</p>

      <p>Everything had begun so smoothly. His plan to seat Liz on the throne had proceeded apace. Stovell abandoning his claim to the throne, House Krone’s rebellion, the threat encroaching upon the capital—all had played out broadly as he had foreseen. The death of the emperor should have been the final nail. He would make Stovell a usurper and Liz the hero who brought him to justice. The nobles would have to support her after that.</p>

      <p>With her newfound strength, she should have been able to do it. He had even sent Scáthach with her as insurance. But at the very last hurdle, everything had fallen apart.</p>

      <p>“I should have joined them.”</p>

      <p>“What are you prattling about, boy?” Stovell fixed him with a bloodshot eye.</p>

      <p>Hiro couldn’t help but sigh in disappointment at the prince’s transformation. “If I had been here, they wouldn’t have gotten hurt. A fool like you wouldn’t have gotten the better of them.”</p>

      <p>If he had joined them, fought with them, things would have been different. If only he had set aside his fear of them discovering his darkness. It was his own weakness of heart that had brought about this failure. If only he had thought more logically.</p>

      <p>“Ever since that day, I’ve felt nothing but regret.”</p>

      <p>Excalibur’s silver gleam faded, and the blade began to swirl with darkness. A wild squall blew through the chamber, although the windows were closed. The Black Camellia danced angrily on the wind.</p>

      <p>“Who... What are you?” Stovell growled, a hand still nursing his injuries.</p>

      <p>Hiro’s lips twisted with dreadful amusement. “I’m afraid those wounds won’t heal.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“It’s Lævateinn’s Graal. Mikhael. Purification.”</p>

      <p>There was a moment of silence.</p>

      <p>“What nonsense is this? Lævateinn’s Graal is Might.”</p>

      <p>“Try to remember—just who was it that Emperor Artheus fought one thousand years ago?”</p>

      <p>“Do you mock me? Even a child knows—” Stovell cut himself off in shock. Comprehension filled his eyes.</p>

      <p>Hiro gave a mocking shrug, astounded that it had taken him so long. “Now do you understand why he was so fond of Lævateinn? Fools like you who consume magick will never know any relief from its wounds. Only an eternity of suffering.” He raised Excalibur so that it hovered level with his chest. “But I think that’s enough talking, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>He grasped his eyepatch and tore it away. From beneath the covering appeared the ominous light of his left iris. His eyeball twinged.</p>

      <p>Its gleam in the darkness lay beyond the realm of the mundane.</p>

      <p>Its terrible hue exceeded the reach of mortal men.</p>

      <p>Once, in awe, the people had dubbed it Uranos.</p>

      <p>The mark of a hero. The eye of the monarch. Even now, one thousand years later, the legends called it one of the three great arcane eyes.</p>

      <p>“I’m not going to hold back. I trust you can take it.”</p>

      <p>Hiro cast his senses out across the room, glancing at where Liz and Scáthach lay sprawled on the ground.</p>

      <p>“I don’t think there’s any danger that they’ll see this. So...”</p>

      <p>The air shuddered as hostility poured forth from him, blending with his aura of might to produce a deeper shade. He whispered to Excalibur’s blackened blade, in a voice impossibly soft and boundlessly clear—</p>

      <p>“Time to wake up.”</p>

      <p>A moment passed—and then the sword split, fractured, crumbled away from tip to hilt. As though shedding an old husk, it dissolved into glittering flakes that burst into light as they spiraled away. White turned to black, like a sinner fleeing from their fate.</p>

      <p>“Spread wide your maw, Dáinsleif—the Abyssal Sovereign.”</p>

      <p>Darkness fell upon the world, a gloom no light could penetrate. Despair and hunger spread through the throne room.</p>

      <p>Stovell watched, incredulous, as the anomaly made itself manifest. Before him, as before, stood Hiro, calm and composed. His relaxed stance had not changed, but for one thing: in place of his gleaming sword, he now held a dark blade. Its edge, its hilt, its guard, all were black—the lightless hue of midnight’s deepest shade.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>