<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: The Fires of War</h1>

      <p><em>The sixteenth day of the twelfth month of Imperial Year 1023</em></p>

      <p>The rain had been falling since the tenth and showed no sign of letting up. Dawn broke on a sky dyed gray, roiling and dark from horizon to horizon as though trying to eradicate all light from the world. The imperial capital of Cladius was not outside its reach, and even the city’s stately stone lost its age-old luster once drenched by the downpour. Beneath the towering ramparts, the central boulevard was devoid of its usual hustle and bustle. The rain and the winter chill left the commonfolk little choice but to stay in their homes.</p>

      <p>Though the townspeople might shiver and the temperature might plummet, however, one thing continued unaffected: the life of the nobility. The western quarter of the palace, where the nobles’ mansions lay, steamed with fervor. A large host of nobles stood in the freezing wind. They were arrayed around the entrance of one of the great houses—House Kelheit. It was not difficult to guess why they were there. Today, the Black Prince and the sixth princess would return south to Berg Fortress.</p>

      <p>All eyes were on the entranceway, where the royals had just emerged. A cheer went up, loud enough to drive away the rain. For a short while the world was filled with unreserved joy.</p>

      <p>The crimson-haired girl by Hiro’s side—reverently called the Valditte, the Princess of Flame—looked around in surprise at the reception. A smile spread across her face as understanding dawned. “Thank you all!” she cried, waving so hard that it was audible as she stepped into her carriage. The white wolf Cerberus, a rare breed from the eastern isles, slunk in around her feet.</p>

      <p>Hiro silently raised his right hand and followed Liz. Behind him came Rosa, her voluptuous body once again squeezed into a military uniform. At Rosa’s sides were Aura and Scáthach. All three women received their own applause as they entered the carriage. The party departed to rousing cheers.</p>

      <p>“This carriage is supposed to be large,” Rosa remarked as the wheels ground into motion, “but I suppose five is enough to make anything feel cramped.” She loosened her collar to breathe a little easier. “Well, then. For the time being, my nobles will devote their efforts to eroding House Krone’s feet.”</p>

      <p>A week had passed since the banquet. In that time, House Krone had been eerily quiet. Hiro had expected them to lash out wildly, but apparently that had been a mistake. They were Rosa’s responsibility now, in any case. Her vassals would remain in the capital and manipulate public opinion to erode their support among the central nobles.</p>

      <p>“Meanwhile,” Rosa continued, “you four will return to the south and wait for word. Whether House Krone makes a move or not, you need to shore up your forces.”</p>

      <p>Facing the Grand Duchy and the Faerzen Resistance in succession had significantly depleted the Crow Legion’s strength. Fatalities had been few, but the number of wounded was higher. Effective losses stood at around eight hundred men. Garda would soon be busy training more new recruits.</p>

      <p>Rosa’s eye took on a dangerous glint. “Speaking of which, we ought to do something about the southern nobles, don’t you think?”</p>

      <p>The southern nobles were led by House Muzuk. They had ostensibly come to the capital, but none had appeared at either the imperial audience or the subsequent banquet. Only now was Hiro beginning to realize why.</p>

      <p><em>House Muzuk wanted information. To know who’s a loose cannon and who they can easily control.</em></p>

      <p>In short, they had leveraged the audience to tighten their grip on their own supporters. With so many nobles gathered in the capital, some of the southern nobles would be tempted to attend the banquet for social reasons, while anybody selling intelligence to other factions would want to meet with their contacts. House Muzuk had used the occasion to identify who was trustworthy and who was treacherous. Their efforts must have been successful, because two days prior, they and all of their nobles had returned to their territories.</p>

      <p><em>If we’re going back south, we should take the opportunity to meet with the head of the house in person.</em></p>

      <p>After that, they could decide whether to let him live, or to kill him and replace him with somebody more useful.</p>

      <p>Hiro set an elbow on the windowsill and gazed outside with his cheek resting on his hand. Large raindrops battered the glass, furious at being repelled. The downpour was loud enough to drown out even the trundling of the carriage wheels. The weather would slow down travel—visibility would be limited for both coachman and horses, and both would tire faster physically and mentally than they would in fair weather. If the horses were dragging their feet, a patch of mud would block the road as surely as a stone wall, and that really <em>would</em> delay their return.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Rosa,” Hiro said. “You’re going to be the last of us to get home.”</p>

      <p>She was accompanying them because she intended to return to the eastern territories via the south. Hiro had insisted on her traveling with them as far as possible for her safety, although that didn’t make him feel any less guilty about the imposition.</p>

      <p>Rosa shook her head and smiled. “Think nothing of it. I’m rather looking forward to journeying with you all.”</p>

      <p>As the leader of a great house, she was constantly busy. A lot of problems were sure to be stagnating in her absence. Once she returned to House Kelheit’s stronghold at Baldickgarten—the Eagle’s Roost—nestled in the Twin Pass of Bersia in the Grausam Mountains, she would be working day and night.</p>

      <p>“Whether I return sooner or later,” she continued, “it makes no difference. Either way, I will be run off my feet the moment I step in the door. So, with apologies to the men I left in charge, I will at least enjoy my time with my sister to its fullest.”</p>

      <p>“Rosa’s subordinates are very capable,” Liz added, “so she can afford to be a little bit late.”</p>

      <p>“Some of them do seem to bear me a grudge, so I can’t let my guard down.” Rosa paused, then continued cheerfully. “Still, they all share my desire to see the east prosper. On that score I have no complaints.”</p>

      <p>“It must be so nice working with people like that.” Liz’s eyes sparkled as she gazed at her sister with renewed respect.</p>

      <p>“In benevolence is the capacity for true greatness, they say,” Scáthach murmured, to herself as much as anybody else.</p>

      <p>“It’s not hard to be a king,” Aura said. “Anyone can do it if they’re strong enough, or with the right connections. Children get crowns if they’re born to the right parents. It’s nothing impressive. But once the coronation is over, they have to prove their worth. Care for their people, honor their soldiers, love their country, and the people will adore them. Fall short and the history books will call them a fool. Maybe even the reason for their nation’s downfall.”</p>

      <p>“Those are some big words for someone so small! Who’s a good girl?!” Liz patted Aura on the head, impressed.</p>

      <p>Aura’s comment didn’t strike Hiro as particularly verbose—and she was older than Liz, anyway—so he expected her to be annoyed by all the fussing, but wonders never ceased: she puffed out her chest proudly, and her stoic expression took on a slightly pleased glow.</p>

      <p>“It’s all thanks to this. You should read it too.”</p>

      <p>The Black Chronicle materialized out of nowhere in her hand. All of a sudden, her excited glow and talkative mood made sense. Scáthach, who had already been on the receiving end of her enthusiasm, squeaked and looked away.</p>

      <p>“Wait, I didn’t—” Liz’s hands froze mid-pat. She caught sight of the book and paled, but it was too late to run.</p>

      <p>“Any citizen of the empire and anyone with royal blood has a duty to read it at least once. But they <em>should</em> read it a hundred times. I’m sure that won’t be a problem, of course. It’s so addictive that you’ll want to read it over and over. But just in case, let me tell you: it’s only after the two hundredth reading that you <em>truly</em> start to understand.”</p>

      <p>Nobody dared to ask what Aura meant by that. They didn’t want to put themselves in the line of fire.</p>

      <p>Liz looked tearfully around the carriage. Her crimson eyes pleaded for help, but nobody was willing.</p>

      <p>Aura cocked her head. “Don’t worry. You can start right away. And I want a full report.”</p>

      <p>“No way...”</p>

      <p>“Those must be tears of joy. I’m glad.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, no...”</p>

      <p>Liz shook her head furiously, but in the narrow confines of the carriage, there was no escape. A lengthy essay was in her future. There was no telling how many times she would have to rewrite it until Aura was satisfied, but Scáthach, who had been through the same ordeal, seemed intent on fading out of existence and becoming part of the wall. Tears beaded in the corners of her eyes.</p>

      <p>Rosa chuckled. “Liz did not used to be so expressive, you know. Before they sent her off to Berg Fortress, her smiles seemed etched in stone. She has changed a great deal since she met you.” She half closed her eyes contentedly and leaned into Hiro’s shoulder, no doubt pleased to see her little sister enjoying herself.</p>

      <p>“You almost sound like a grandmother,” Hiro murmured idly. A split second later, he realized that he had misspoken.</p>

      <p>“A grandmother? I don’t even have children of my own yet. As <em>you</em> know perfectly well.” Rosa’s lips pursed, and she wrapped an arm around Hiro’s neck. “You really <em>do</em> want to be smothered to death, I see. I’m certain many men would kill for the opportunity.”</p>

      <p>Her two prospective murder weapons quivered with indignation.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m very sorry.”</p>

      <p>Hiro stammered out an apology, but it didn’t do anything to assuage Rosa’s anger. He grasped for a change of topic.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s right. I meant to give you this.” He produced an envelope from his pocket as though he had only just remembered its existence.</p>

      <p>“What’s this? A letter?”</p>

      <p>“Could you send a messenger to give this to the archpriestess on your way back?”</p>

      <p>“All right.” Rosa took the envelope and leaned forward. “I have secured cooperation among the central nobles. Three thousand men await your orders.”</p>

      <p>She grasped his hand as she spoke, and the crinkle of paper passed into his palm. He looked down to see a single sheet lined with the names of Rosa’s collaborators. It seemed she had been engaging in her own acts of subterfuge.</p>

      <p>“If you need help, seek them out.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks. I owe you.”</p>

      <p>“Think nothing of it.” Her eyes twinkled impishly. “Any woman would do the same for her future husband.”</p>

      <p><em>It won’t take long for word to reach House Krone that we’ve left the capital.</em></p>

      <p>When would the central nobles move into action? Hiro expected that it would be sooner rather than later. If they were going to rebel against the emperor, they would want to do it now while they retained their forces and their power.</p>

      <p><em>That would be a bad move. Stupid, even.</em></p>

      <p>But with their backs to the wall, that was all they had. The emperor had orchestrated events to make certain of it.</p>

      <p><em>There truly are no limits to human greed. The more power someone gains, the less satisfied they become with their position.</em></p>

      <p>Still, he couldn’t help but question the emperor’s course of action. Was the conquest of Soleil such a vital goal that it justified making enemies on all sides? Hiro didn’t think so. Artheus, certainly, would have called the man a fool. They had dreamed of many things one thousand years ago, but unifying the continent wasn’t one of them. They had never even wanted the empire to grow as large as it had.</p>

      <p>Seeking a distraction from his thoughts, he looked out of the window. The rain still showed no sign of letting up. The sky cracked with thunder as it showered the land with tears.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>As every soul in Soleil knew well, the Grantzian Empire was vast in scope, and the emperor’s gaze now struggled to reach its borders. Fearing the empire collapsing from the outside in, the forty-third emperor—the fifth before Greiheit—had partitioned its lands into five: the north, south, east, west, and central territories. Commonly known simply as the five territories, they were nominally ruled by the emperor but administered in practice by the five powerful noble families known as the great houses.</p>

      <p>Of the five, House Krone was a particularly long-standing fixture, with a lineage dating back to the early days of the empire’s founding. Their stable history and noble blood had seen them granted oversight of the central territories, including the imperial capital of Cladius.</p>

      <p>House Krone’s lands were located thirty sel—or ninety kilometers—from the capital, in the fertile lands fed by the River Trident. The house had grown wealthy on the region’s agriculture, and the presence of several foreign trade routes secured their status as the greatest power in the central territories. Their stronghold in the city of Greif—the Gryphon’s Claws—was a testament to their prosperity. Vying with the imperial capital for splendor, its grand iron gates opened into a bustling market town, with busy stalls and smiling townsfolk as far as the eye could see. Continue through and one would again be met with high walls—a fortress within the town, complete with watchtowers. Inside that castle, in Brius von Krone’s private chambers, sat Prince Stovell.</p>

      <p>“Well, Grandfather. It appears that the emperor has outplayed us.” Stovell’s smile widened with amusement.</p>

      <p>“That doddering old fool has forgotten all we’ve done for him,” Brius spat at the floor, fury steaming from every pore. “So he thinks he can cut us away, does he? Bah! The history of the empire is the history of House Krone. The two are one. Who does that blithering oaf believe has propped up his rule all these years?!”</p>

      <p>Stovell met the man’s tirade with a cool stare. “Perhaps a little calm might be in order, Grandfather.”</p>

      <p>“Calm, Stovell? Do you believe this is a time for <em>calm</em>?” Brius advanced, his face reddening. “Resigning your claim to the throne? What were you thinking? You may well have doomed our house!”</p>

      <p>“Perhaps I have.” Stovell was unperturbed. It almost seemed like he was scoffing at his grandfather’s outrage.</p>

      <p>“You were a common cause for the central nobles to unite behind. It was foolish to throw that away.”</p>

      <p>Stovell was the child of Brius’s daughter and the emperor, making Brius his grandfather. However, his mother—the empress consort—had died tragically on his twentieth birthday, leaving House Krone’s ties to the emperor cut with suspicious convenience.</p>

      <p>“You are not as young as you once were, Grandfather. Calm yourself or you will rupture an artery.”</p>

      <p>“You have rather a talent for getting under people’s skin, don’t you?” Brius sighed in disbelief. His eye swiveled to fix Stovell with a clouded stare. “So, what are we to do with these men you asked me to muster? Your notion of sending the emperor a message was all well and good, but it seems to have borne no fruit.”</p>

      <p>“If His Majesty did not confront us on the matter, then it is of no concern.”</p>

      <p>“No concern but to our pride, perhaps. As if the emperor stealing our lands and raiding our coffers for Faerzen wasn’t enough, we also have to secure provisions for forty thousand wayward soldiers.”</p>

      <p>“You gathered forty thousand?” Stovell’s eyes narrowed sharply. “I am impressed.”</p>

      <p>“It’s less than I had hoped for. Some meddling fool took it upon themselves to break into the homes of our less loyal supporters. More than a few grew too skittish to join the cause.” Brius set a hand to his temple as though suppressing a headache.</p>

      <p>“That is no cause for concern, Grandfather. Forty thousand men is more than enough to take the capital and drag the emperor from his throne. As I see it, your dream lies at last within your grasp.”</p>

      <p>Brius shot Stovell a suspicious look. “That would mean the end of House Krone. I would achieve nothing but our own destruction. What are you plotting?”</p>

      <p>“‘The end of House Krone,’ you say...” Stovell’s voice abruptly dropped in pitch. “Has that not already come?”</p>

      <p>Brius’s eyebrows twisted dubiously. “What did you say?”</p>

      <p>“You know the truth of three hundred years ago, do you not, Grandfather? About the first and last assassination of an emperor?”</p>

      <p>Brius gulped in fear as his grandson’s eyes took on an eerie intensity.</p>

      <p>“The old must be pruned. If new seeds are to flourish, last season’s rotten fruit must be crushed to pulp—just as a putrefied world was once reborn.” Stovell’s lips twisted into an unsettling smile. <em>To this, </em>he seemed to say, <em>the empire is no exception.</em></p>

      <p>“I give you rein to speak and you give me this <em>drivel?</em> How could our house stand if the empire were to fall?!”</p>

      <p>In a fit of anger, Brius’s hand lashed out toward Stovell, but the latter was faster. He caught his grandfather’s aged arm in a crushing grip. The crunch of breaking bone echoed through the room.</p>

      <p>“Agh!” Brius fell to his knees, overcome by pain. “You would lay your hand on me?!”</p>

      <p>He glared up at Stovell with a mixture of rage and agony, but to no avail. Stovell slowly rose from his chair.</p>

      <p>“Do you mean to chide me, Grandfather? It was you who struck first, was it not?”</p>

      <p>“Do you think you will get away with this?! There will be consequences!”</p>

      <p>“What have I to fear from a doddering old man with no power?”</p>

      <p>Lightning crackled from Stovell’s body, mirroring his flaring temper. A howling storm exploded into the room. It scored furrows into the walls, split the floorboards, scorched the ceiling, and flooded the chamber with light.</p>

      <p>“What now, Grandfather? Or perhaps I should better call you ‘cur’?”</p>

      <p>Stovell’s face contorted in delight as he raised a hand. His eyes glinted with glee, like a farmer gazing at a fattened calf at last grown enough for the slaughter.</p>

      <p>“You have served your purpose. But worry not. Your dream will not die with you. The vengeance I shall exact on the emperor will bring peace to your soul.”</p>

      <p>“Stop this madness, Stovell! You would kill your own grandfather?!”</p>

      <p>“Never once have I thought of you as my blood.” Stovell’s voice dripped with more contempt than any normal man could muster. “You are a canker infesting this world, nothing more.”</p>

      <p>He gazed down with eyes devoid of emotion. Brius stared back, aghast, as though some past sin was playing back behind his eyes.</p>

      <p>With a sudden <em>crack</em>, lightning speared the man’s body. He had no time to scream. The bolt ran him through like a lance and snuffed out his life in an instant. The stench of charred flesh filled the room, a nauseating stink that clung to the skin and lingered in the nostrils.</p>

      <p>“A canker indeed. Even in death, you find ways to disgust me.” With a dismissive snort, Stovell sank back into his chair.</p>

      <p>At that moment, there came a knock on the door.</p>

      <p>“My lord?” asked a voice from outside. The portal swung open without waiting for an answer. “Your business is concluded, I see.”</p>

      <p>In stepped the man who could rightfully be called Stovell’s right hand. The burly old soldier carried his rugged frame with a gravitas that no ordinary man could dream of attaining—fitting for a general whose name was known across the empire. With a sword in his hand, he could split a river; with a spear in his hand, he could shatter a castle wall. In his youth, the nations whose borders he prowled had dubbed him the Demon. Former High General Trye Hlín von Loeing looked down at the corpse on the ground without an ounce of pity.</p>

      <p>“For a man of such great ambition, he could muster so little courage when it was called for.”</p>

      <p>“Still, he left us much. For that, if nothing else, we must be grateful.” Stovell took a sip from the bottle of wine on the desk and grinned. “Von Loeing, it appears that my beloved grandfather has been assassinated. The emperor’s work, no doubt.”</p>

      <p>Von Loeing cast the prince a dubious look, but it only took him a moment to understand. “Then it seems that vengeance is called for.” The pleased tone of his voice drifted down to settle on the corpse of Brius von Krone.</p>

      <p>“Dispatch a messenger to the forty thousand men this senile old fool scrabbled together,” Stovell said.</p>

      <p>“With what message, Your Highness?”</p>

      <p>“Tell them only that the emperor has slain one of the empire’s most stalwart contributors in cold blood. That ought to rile them up enough to set them on the path for the capital.”</p>

      <p>A path which led to the collapse of the empire. A chuckle rose in Stovell’s throat to imagine the capital’s thousand years of prosperity going up in flames. He dashed his wine glass against the floor.</p>

      <p>“The time has come. The road here has not been an easy one, but now, at last, we need no longer play the jesters.”</p>

      <p>“Yet His Majesty the Emperor suspects our plans,” von Loeing mused. “He has summoned the realm’s nobles to the capital in full force.”</p>

      <p>“A vain attempt. After a week of silence, they will have let their vigilance lapse. Many will already be on the road home.”</p>

      <p>For all Stovell’s insistence that they had the upper hand, von Loeing still looked unconvinced. “The same could be said of us. We have mustered forty thousand, but I cannot imagine more than half will stay to follow a neutered house.”</p>

      <p>“That will be no concern. Why do you think I am appealing to their sense of justice? Brius von Krone may have been a selfish old snake, but many owed him debts, and many more will find themselves caught in the current of events. Thirty thousand will stay, by my reckoning. And I want you to lead them.”</p>

      <p>As the words left Stovell’s mouth, a third voice spoke.</p>

      <p>“Then I shall gladly serve as vice-commander.”</p>

      <p>The two men spun around in alarm. Neither had sensed a third presence in the room. Von Loeing’s eyes narrowed as he planted his legs wide in a battle stance. Stovell rose from his chair as though propelled, his body crackling with electricity. Their eyes converged on the sudden intruder.</p>

      <p>“I do apologize if I have surprised you. It is only I, your humble servant.” The hooded figure of the álf who called themselves Nameless lifted a hand, their voice an amused lilt.</p>

      <p>“How long have you been here?”</p>

      <p>Stovell’s mouth twisted with guarded annoyance. Von Loeing glared at the figure, his hand hovering on the hilt of his sword.</p>

      <p>“Oh, please. I did not come to be subject to such banal questions.” Nameless raised both hands like a merchant gesturing to their wares. “I cannot imagine that prickly Lord Stovell here has amassed many collaborators. You have one old soldier and nobody else. Well, fear not—I can offer my services. If you will have me, of course.” A nonchalant shrug underlined the point.</p>

      <p>A vein throbbed in von Loeing’s temple. “You would mock me?”</p>

      <p>“Not at all! I spoke the truth, nothing more.”</p>

      <p>As animosity swirled between them, the air cracked with lightning. Both swiveled to face Stovell.</p>

      <p>The prince snorted in exasperation as he thudded back down into his chair. “Von Loeing, this is no time for petty spats.”</p>

      <p>“Apologies, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>Stovell spared von Loeing only a glance before turning a sharp gaze on Nameless. “Know that your plans are nothing before mine, schemer. But give me any cause to suspect you, and I will plant your head on a spike and leave it for the crows.”</p>

      <p>“I must take care, then, my lord. I would not want to meet such a fearsome fate.” Nameless’s voice was mirthful in spite of its mock fear.</p>

      <p>Von Loeing glared at the strange intruder for a moment, but relented and turned to Stovell. “What now, Your Highness?”</p>

      <p>“What else?” Stovell’s eyes shone with a fearsome delight as he patted his own neck. “The reprise of chaos. I will take the old lion’s head.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p><em>The twenty-third day of the twelfth month of Imperial Year 1023</em></p>

      <p><em>Verrat, in the north of the southern territories</em></p>

      <p>At last, the rain lifted. The sky was unmarred blue, clear from horizon to horizon as though the earlier clouds had been nothing but a bad dream. A gentle breeze blew over the land, carrying a chill and setting newly budding greenery dancing.</p>

      <p>Twenty-five sel from Berg Fortress, Hiro and his allies had parted ways with Rosa and set up by the roadside. A command tent stood in the center of the camp, with Hiro’s, Scáthach’s, and Aura’s tents arrayed around it. A short distance away, Liz and Scáthach were sparring.</p>

      <p>“Yaaagh!”</p>

      <p>Liz swung her wooden sword in a downward chop. Scáthach caught the blow with her own weapon. Their two training blades smacked into one another with an ominous crack, but neither noticed. They had no attention to spare for anything but one another.</p>

      <p>“Fine! How about this?!” Liz threw a distracting punch, then dropped low. She braced one hand on the ground and launched a kick at her opponent’s ankle.</p>

      <p>A grunt of surprise left Scáthach’s lips as her leg buckled. Reacting quickly, she planted her sword in the ground and launched herself into a flying kick.</p>

      <p>Liz cried out, plunging forward without hesitation, and met the kick with her own fist. Her inhuman strength sent Scáthach flying back. The woman didn’t resist the blow, however, instead converting its momentum into a backflip and landing gracefully on the ground. As Liz overcommitted and stumbled, Scáthach launched herself back into close range.</p>

      <p>“I have you now!” Scáthach cried, swinging her wooden sword.</p>

      <p>Liz leaned into the momentum of her fall, twisted, and sprang away. Scáthach saw the move coming and launched a punch at the right of Liz’s head, but Liz batted it away with little effort.</p>

      <p>“I can no longer contest you in strength, I see!”</p>

      <p>Then skill would have to make up the difference. Scáthach’s strikes became sweeping slashes. Liz ducked evenly out of the way of the blows, looking for an opening in which to plant her fist. With the Lævateinn’s Might behind her, a single punch could knock an opponent unconscious. That was one of the reasons her Spiritblade was so fearsome—she did not need it in her hand to land a killing blow.</p>

      <p>Hiro sat in silence, watching the two blossoms dance. With the ground turned to mud by the rain, he was reclining in a chair.</p>

      <p>“Who do you think will win, Aura?”</p>

      <p>By his side, Aura looked up from the Black Chronicle on her knees and turned her unfeeling gray eyes toward the fight. “I’m not sure.”</p>

      <p>He should probably have counted himself lucky that she had answered at all. Her focus had been on the Black Chronicle, not on Liz and Scáthach. Even now, the book was pulling her gaze back down. The intensity of their battle didn’t seem to interest her whatsoever. It wasn’t a surprise that she wasn’t sure.</p>

      <p>“You need to be aware of their strengths and weaknesses, you know. Someday, you might have to decide where to assign them.”</p>

      <p>Just like certain occupations suited some people more than others, knowing who to place where on the battlefield was key to success. A force that played to its commanders’ strengths could prevail over a much larger one. A force that didn’t would know only defeat, no matter its size.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps.” Aura gave a little nod, but she kept staring at Hiro in silence. She was probing for something, trying to feel out his heart.</p>

      <p>“Um...is something wrong?”</p>

      <p>Her intensity took Hiro a little aback. She cocked her head, as though searching for the right words.</p>

      <p>“Where do <em>you</em> belong?”</p>

      <p>That was enough for him to guess what she was thinking. For a moment, he forgot how to breathe. As he searched for words, Aura reached out and laid a hand on his chest. She looked up at him, her eyes filled with concern.</p>

      <p>“Where’s your heart?”</p>

      <p>He struggled for an answer. The depth of her compassion was humbling—moving, even. It would be wrong to play dumb in the face of that. He opened his mouth to speak—and a panicked voice rang out from his right-hand side.</p>

      <p>“Urgent news! I bring urgent news! Where is Lord Hiro?!”</p>

      <p>Hiro spun toward the noise. A harried-looking man ran into view, desperately scanning his surroundings.</p>

      <p>“Lord Hiro! I must find Lord Hiro!”</p>

      <p>Liz and Scáthach stopped their exchange, also distracted.</p>

      <p>“That’s a House Kelheit messenger,” Hiro murmured. He raised a hand and waved, signaling his position.</p>

      <p>The messenger saw the gesture and made a beeline for him. “Please forgive this breach of protocol, Your Highness! I fear this is a most pressing matter!” He produced an envelope and handed it over. “The head of House Krone has been assassinated!”</p>

      <p>“Assassinated?” Hiro half rose to his feet in surprise. Next to him, Aura’s eyes went wide with shock.</p>

      <p>“Rumors are spreading that the emperor was the culprit! Even now, the central nobles are marching on the capital to take revenge!” The messenger’s voice trembled. “Von Loeing has called on the houses of the region to join his cause, and his forces swell in number as he approaches the city! We believe they may grow to as many as thirty thousand!”</p>

      <p>Hiro nodded. “I see.” He signaled to one of his guards to bring the messenger water. Just as the man made to leave, he added, “Actually, could you fetch Garda while you’re at it?”</p>

      <p>“At once, Your Highness!” The man bowed and sprinted away.</p>

      <p>Hiro turned his attention back to the messenger and commanded him to rest. Finally, he examined the letter. It was from one of Rosa’s collaborators among the central nobles. He read it through, measuring its contents against the messenger’s report.</p>

      <p>“Hiro!”</p>

      <p>He looked up at the sound of Liz’s voice. She was standing where she had been sparring, a stone-faced Scáthach beside her. Judging by their expressions, they had already heard the exchange, although it wouldn’t hurt to check that they were on the same page.</p>

      <p>“I’m guessing you heard that?”</p>

      <p>“I did. The head of House Krone, assassinated... Who would have thought?”</p>

      <p>Liz gave a helpless shrug and sighed. It was hard to fault her. All signs had pointed to House Krone being the one to make the first move, yet all of a sudden their leader was dead and fingers were being pointed at the emperor. Why would he take such a step? An effective means of suppression it might be, but it was far too heavy-handed. Nobody would benefit from this but foreign nations looking for their chance.</p>

      <p>“Don’t lose sight of the truth,” Aura murmured.</p>

      <p>Scáthach nodded sagely. “Lady Aura speaks wisely. Seeing with a blinkered view leads only to regrets.”</p>

      <p>Sowing confusion to obscure the truth was a time-honored tactic. The thoughts of others were ultimately a mystery; their true intentions were invisible by nature, shrouded in darkness. Hence, human beings were easily misled by words. They had a way of focusing only on what they wanted to believe.</p>

      <p><em>What if that’s the goal here? If there really is some plot at work...</em></p>

      <p>Then the situation was critical. They needed to return to the capital at once.</p>

      <p>“Liz, we need to go back.”</p>

      <p>She nodded. “Got it.”</p>

      <p>If they allowed themselves to fall any farther behind their enemies, the situation would quickly become unsalvageable. One could only place so much trust in the words of others. They had to face reality with their own eyes, hear the truth with their own ears—and that meant they needed to act. Now.</p>

      <p>“Liz, you should—”</p>

      <p>Hiro opened his mouth to issue advice, but Liz didn’t need it. She was already barking orders to the nearby soldiers.</p>

      <p>“Prepare to march! Abandon the camp! Leave your provisions to lie! And be quick about it!”</p>

      <p>“An army can’t march on an empty stomach.” Aura took up position by Liz’s side. A pen and paper had appeared in her hands as if by magic.</p>

      <p>“Not every army, but we can. We’d need our own provisions if we were in foreign territory, but we aren’t. We’re in the empire. We can request food from the local nobles, or buy from nearby towns if they won’t share.”</p>

      <p>“Full marks.” Aura nodded, pleased. Evidently that had been a test.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>