<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: The Valditte Takes the Stage</h1>

      <p>Pleasant sunlight shone through the window, and the drifting trill of birdsong came to rest gently on the ears. Yet the otherwise tranquil morning was disturbed by an ugly commotion. Wills clashed, sparks sprayed, and cries rose into the sky, forming an impromptu alarm that woke Hiro from darkness.</p>

      <p>“Morning already...”</p>

      <p>He slid his legs out of bed, stood up, and rubbed the sleep from his eyes. His fingers came away tearstained, and he stared at them for a moment before breaking into a rueful smile. The usual dream must have paid another visit. He shook his head as though banishing a nightmare and walked over to the window overlooking the courtyard.</p>

      <p>“I’ll get you yet!”</p>

      <p>“By charging at me like a wild boar? You mistake foolhardiness for valor!”</p>

      <p>Outside the glass, Liz—whose wounds still hadn’t healed—was sparring with Scáthach. Enclosed by walls on all four sides, the courtyard comprised a central fountain surrounded by flowerbeds in a variety of vivid hues, which were in turn lined by an array of small trees—an artificial recreation of nature in which the pair now trained. Scáthach kept Liz pressed with deft spearwork, while Liz, likely due to the pain of her stripped nails, was fighting bare-handed, diving into point-blank range to lash out with her fists. Lævateinn’s Graal was Might; her punches would be no laughing matter if they landed. Scáthach was having to fight in earnest.</p>

      <p>“Ngh... I see your blows do not need to strike home to rattle the skull!”</p>

      <p>Aura sat in the shade of a nearby tree, nose-deep in a book.</p>

      <p>Rosa pressed herself coquettishly against Hiro’s back. “Now what’s gotten you so pensive? Feeling left behind now that Liz has found her own wings?”</p>

      <p>“Not at all. It’s a promising sign for things to come.”</p>

      <p>“Really? I admit, I’m not as strong. This must be how a mother bird feels, watching its chick fly the nest.” Happiness and loneliness did battle in Rosa’s eyes as she stared over Hiro’s shoulder at Liz.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to accelerate my plans,” he said. “You’ll need to pivot to backing her sooner rather than later.”</p>

      <p>“And you’re all right with that?”</p>

      <p>“It’s our best option.”</p>

      <p>The weight on Hiro’s back pulled away, as did the accompanying softness. “Very well. I’ll oblige, for now. But if the people happen to change their minds, I’ll be only too happy to give them their Black Prince.”</p>

      <p>Hiro swung around, surprised.</p>

      <p>“Besides, I do still desire the War God’s bloodline.” Rosa leaned over him, arms keeping him trapped against the wall. The lush sheen of her lips loomed closer, closer—and brushed past his cheek to approach his ear. Her voice was bewitching and her breath dripped with seduction as she whispered, “Don’t think I’ll let you get away.”</p>

      <p>Hiro shrugged helplessly. His smile contained just a hint of exasperation. “Once the council is done, I’m going to keep looking to weaken House Krone’s position, but I’m also going to try and strip Stovell of his claim to the throne.”</p>

      <p>“Very well. But what of the other great houses?”</p>

      <p>“House Scharm of the north, we’ll have to leave for now. Selene’s faction is too tight-knit to crack. Once the eastern nobles shore up their power a little, we’ll be able to beat them into submission with brute force.”</p>

      <p>Rosa made a thoughtful noise. “And we hardly need to worry about the western nobles, doomed as they are. They’ll soon tear themselves apart without us having to lift a finger.”</p>

      <p>“Which we should move to prevent if possible. It’ll be inconvenient for us if they collapse too soon. Still, as you say, I don’t think they’re a threat.”</p>

      <p>That left House Muzuk of the south, which, if possible, Hiro wanted to recruit to his cause. For one thing, the Gurinda Mark was in the southern territories, and it was in no position to stand up to a military assault. Besides, Berg Fortress was Liz and Hiro’s center of operations.</p>

      <p>Rosa pressed her head into his neck as he outlined his thoughts. “You know, if you do lose Berg Fortress, you can simply come to the east. I’d welcome you with open arms.”</p>

      <p>She said that as though it were nothing, but if the eastern territories were to fall under attack from three sides, Liz’s path to the throne would become untenable. That was to be avoided if at all possible. Focusing all their enemies’ attention on the east was too big of a risk.</p>

      <p>“Not least because of Six Kingdoms. With all this chaos, they’re guaranteed to try something.”</p>

      <p>The western nobles were the empire’s bulwark against Six Kingdoms, but their current strength would not weather an assault, and if they collapsed, the imperial heartlands could very quickly burn. Six Kingdoms was far from the only nation with designs on the empire. A thousand years of rule had birthed countless grudges, and now the aggrieved parties sensed that their chance was coming to settle the score. If even just the Duchy of Lichtein and its neighbor, the Republic of Steissen, joined forces with Six Kingdoms to attack from the south and east, all these squabbles over the throne would be moot—the empire would be fighting for its survival.</p>

      <p>“So you believe that war with Six Kingdoms is inevitable?” Rosa’s face took on a somber cast.</p>

      <p>Hiro nodded matter-of-factly. That was another reason he wanted to bring House Muzuk into the fold. Once he did, he would work to shore up the empire’s military and incite the emperor into drawing first blood against Six Kingdoms, all while elevating Liz’s political profile. After claiming victory on the battlefield, he would blame the emperor for instigating the conflict, drag him off the throne, and, finally, install Liz in his place. So as to avoid accusations of usurpation, her ascension would appear to be the will of the people.</p>

      <p>“Your role in that will be to undermine the people’s faith in the emperor. We’ll have to move quickly when the time comes, so I’ll need you to prime public opinion in advance.”</p>

      <p>“I do have quite the talent for it, don’t I?” Rosa nodded confidently, as though to say the matter was safe with her.</p>

      <p>At that moment, Liz called out from the courtyard, seeing that Hiro was awake. “Hiiirooo! Good mooorning! Come on down! We’re training!”</p>

      <p>“My dear Black Prince, I do believe that was a summons from our princess.”</p>

      <p>“I’d better get going. I don’t want to put her in a bad mood.” Hiro waved back to Liz and set out toward the door. “Want to come with me?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll join you soon enough. Sleep yet calls.” Stifling a yawn, Rosa sank back onto the bed.</p>

      <p>“All right. See you later.” With a parting wave, Hiro left the room.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Your Lordship!”</p>

      <p>Huginn was waiting for him in the hallway outside with her usual carefree smile, as radiant as the sun. Presumably, she was there to keep watch over Rosa.</p>

      <p>“You can stand guard inside, you know. Rosa won’t mind.”</p>

      <p>“I-I couldn’t possibly, Your Lordship! I’ll sense any ne’er-do-wells just as well from out here, so it’s no trouble!”</p>

      <p>That was odd. Huginn wasn’t usually so timid. Moreover, she seemed strangely reluctant to meet his eyes. There was something else at play.</p>

      <p>“Did something happen between you and Rosa?”</p>

      <p>“N-Not at all, Your Lordship! Why do you ask?!”</p>

      <p>She obviously wasn’t being straight with him. He planted his hands on his hips and sighed. “Whatever’s going on here, I can’t have it affecting your duties. Would you mind telling me?”</p>

      <p>If there was a problem, it couldn’t wait until something happened to Rosa. It had to be pruned before it could sprout regrets.</p>

      <p>Huginn looked hesitant for a moment, but finally her shoulders slumped in resignation. “She’s...hard to deal with.”</p>

      <p>“How so?” It wasn’t like Huginn to let personal feelings get in the way of her duties.</p>

      <p>“Last night, we went to the baths together, and...she started groping me. My chest, I mean.”</p>

      <p>Hiro clapped a hand to his forehead, cast his eyes to the ceiling, and let out a sigh. He didn’t need to hear any more. He knew exactly how much of a menace Rosa could be. She wouldn’t have listened to Huginn’s protests; if anything, they would only have stoked her sadistic streak. She had a passion for anything beautiful or endearing, and human beings were not exempt from it.</p>

      <p>“She...can be childish sometimes. Just try to humor her, all right?” He couldn’t think of any other advice to offer. The words simply wouldn’t come. “Besides, trained assassins can conceal their presence. If you want to be certain of protecting her, you’ll have to stay close.”</p>

      <p>Huginn groaned, visibly weighing her dignity against her duty. “All right, Your Lordship. Since it’s you who’s asking.” She hung her head, trudged over to the door, and laid her hand on the handle with a scowl. “Excuse me, Your Ladyship!” she cried as she burst into the room.</p>

      <p>“Ah! Excellent timing. I was just in need of a pillow. In my darling’s absence, you will have to do.”</p>

      <p>“Wha—? Gyaaaaaahhh!!!”</p>

      <p>Hiro walked away, offering Huginn a silent apology as he turned a deaf ear to her screams.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>By the time he arrived in the courtyard, Liz was lying face-up on the grass, breathing raggedly. Scáthach sat on the brick surface of a nearby flowerbed, wiping her sweat off with a towel.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Lord Hiro.” Scáthach greeted him as he approached. “We have been blessed with fair skies.”</p>

      <p>“So I see. How was your sparring match?”</p>

      <p>“See for yourself,” came a quiet voice.</p>

      <p>Hiro turned to see Aura standing behind him.</p>

      <p>“Good morning,” she said.</p>

      <p>“Good morning,” he replied, casting a glance at Liz. Her wounds had already faded enough to be unnoticeable. The lacerations across her back were likely still there, but even so, she had healed far faster than any normal person could dream of—Lævateinn’s blessing at work, no doubt. Only her nails had been slower to grow back.</p>

      <p>She winced with pain as she sat upright but quickly flashed Hiro a grin. “Finally! What took you so long? Come on, you owe me a match!”</p>

      <p>Hiro raised an eyebrow. “I think you need a rest first. Although, from what I could see from up there, you’re twice the fighter you used to be.”</p>

      <p>Liz waved a dismissive hand. “What, even though I’m still all beat up? No way!”</p>

      <p>Scáthach chipped in to voice her agreement. “Your guard was nigh impenetrable compared to when we first fought. I scarcely recognized you.”</p>

      <p><em>It wasn’t just me, then,</em> Hiro thought. Between her heightened physical abilities and their discussion the previous night, it was clear that Liz had found some new purpose in Faerzen.</p>

      <p>“It was as though you had come to some decision,” Scáthach continued. “Each of your blows carried astounding resolve. Had you not been wounded, or had you held a blade, the loss may well have been mine.”</p>

      <p>Liz’s cheeks flushed crimson. “Please! You’re just imagining things!” She waved her hands in front of her face to hide her embarrassment and turned to Aura for support. “You agree with me, don’t you, Aura?”</p>

      <p>Aura cocked her head. “I couldn’t really— Wah!” A squeal rose from her throat as Liz’s hand closed on her slender wrist and pulled her closer.</p>

      <p>“You do agree, don’t you? It’s all just in their minds!” Liz began to knead Aura’s head, casting suspicious glances at the other two as she did.</p>

      <p>Aura looked up at Liz irritably. “That hurts. Release me.”</p>

      <p>“What? No way! I’m being so gentle!”</p>

      <p>“Owww!”</p>

      <p>Forgetting her own strength, Liz ground Aura’s head around in circles. Any longer and it really might come off.</p>

      <p>“Um...oh, right! How about breakfast?” Hiro hastily suggested. “You must all be hungry.”</p>

      <p>Scáthach rose to her feet. “Quite. All this exercise has left me famished.”</p>

      <p>“Then let’s call it here and get something to eat!” In her excitement, Liz let go of Aura.</p>

      <p>“I hate this.” Aura stood up with an indignant look on her face, rubbing her aching neck.</p>

      <p>With that, the four of them headed to breakfast.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>They arrived in the dining room to find Rosa already at the table. Beside her sat a teary-eyed Huginn, lips pursed tight and face bright red.</p>

      <p>“She did it again...” Huginn whimpered. “She groped me again... Even His Lordship hasn’t done that yet...”</p>

      <p>It seemed better not to ask. She had done her duty as a bodyguard. That was all that mattered.</p>

      <p>“Hm?” Hiro noticed a separate table a short distance away where none had been the night before. There sat the male contingent: Tris, Garda, and Muninn. That explained why they hadn’t been in the courtyard. Only a day had passed, but for some strange reason, Hiro was already missing their company.</p>

      <p>“Morning, everyone.” He raised a hand in greeting and moved toward the male table, but—</p>

      <p>“You sit here.” Liz seized his arm with fearsome might and dragged him over to sit with the women.</p>

      <p>“Shall we begin?” Rosa clapped her hands, just as she had the previous night, and a column of servants began laying out plates. With an amused chuckle, she turned to Liz. “Today’s council promises to be a lively affair.”</p>

      <p>“Whaf?” Liz cocked her head, cheeks bulging with food. She clearly hadn’t been lying about her hunger.</p>

      <p>Rosa’s eyes widened. Apparently, she had expected Liz to be feeling far more nervous. “But it seems our princess is unconcerned about such things. How she has grown!” She stifled a giggle with the back of her hand as she gazed at her sister affectionately.</p>

      <p>Scáthach gestured to Hiro with a skewer of carved meat. “What shall I do while the council is in session?”</p>

      <p>“I was thinking you could guard the mansion with Garda and the others.”</p>

      <p>“A simple enough task. I had half expected you to ask me to fetch one or two of your opponents’ heads.”</p>

      <p>She could make easy prey of almost anyone with Gáe Bolg, it was true. If she did, however, it would lead to outright war.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be time for fighting soon enough. Until then, I want you to watch and wait.”</p>

      <p>Scáthach grinned between bites of meat. “Very well. If you have need of my spear, you need only ask. Gáe Bolg shall pierce whatever foe you desire.”</p>

      <p>“Since you bring it up...Rosa, what <em>are</em> the other nobles up to?”</p>

      <p>“They are already in attendance. It seems we will be the last to arrive.” She added that Second Prince Selene and the recently vanished First Prince Stovell had been sighted among their number.</p>

      <p>“Then we should head for the palace as soon as we’re done.”</p>

      <p>“Agreed. Tardiness on our part will only make us needless enemies.” Rosa’s cutlery halted in midair as she seemed to recall something. “Ah, yes, and it seems that the southern nobles will not be present. My subordinates tell me that not a single one has shown themselves.”</p>

      <p>“Not a problem. We’re dealing with the central nobles right now, not them.”</p>

      <p>The time had finally come. Today, House Krone would fall.</p>

      <p><em>The rot infesting the empire all stems from them. I won’t show them any mercy.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>Two rows of parallel columns held up the ceiling of the throne room. The floor beneath them teemed with nobles. Rosa was visible among the crowd, as were First Prince Stovell and Second Prince Selene. More to the point, three of the empire’s five great houses were present in the chamber. Including their lackeys and would-be lackeys among the lesser houses, the three factions totaled more than two hundred nobles.</p>

      <p>House Krone of the central territories.</p>

      <p>House Scharm of the north.</p>

      <p>House Kelheit of the east.</p>

      <p>Last but perhaps not least, House Maruk, the largest of the undeclared houses, was also present.</p>

      <p>The convening of the great houses, representatives of the empire, lent the air an immeasurable weight. Everybody in the chamber sensed this would be no ordinary audience. The orchestral troupe’s stately melody wound its way around the hall, but where its elegant tones would normally have been calming, now they only amplified the tension. The crowd watched with bated breath. A new page of history would be written this day.</p>

      <p>Under the gaze of the entire chamber, three figures proceeded down the red carpet.</p>

      <p>“This is the end for House Bunadala. Look, the western nobles haven’t shown their faces. They’re going to pin all the blame on her, mark my words.”</p>

      <p>“There’s no refilling the coffers she drained. She’s deadweight to them now, prime to be cut away. Not that it was all her fault, but that’s how the wheel turns.”</p>

      <p>Insolent gazes converged on Aura from all sides, but she walked on with her head held high.</p>

      <p>“Oh, it’s not only Lady von Bunadala who’s in peril. The ground is crumbling beneath Lady Celia Estrella’s feet.”</p>

      <p>“Bah! This is what comes of leaving matters of state to women—to <em>girls</em>, no less!”</p>

      <p>Other voices took aim at Liz, who had disgraced herself by being taken prisoner.</p>

      <p>“A princess of the empire, captured by a foreign power? Why, it’s unheard of!”</p>

      <p>“She’s soiled now, I’ll bet. Lousy with who knows what maladies.”</p>

      <p>As that last jeer issued from the crowd, Hiro suddenly stopped. For a long, long moment, he glared at the noble responsible. He made no other movement, but the hostility emanating from him was unmistakable. The noble quailed under his gaze.</p>

      <p>He would permit no slander of Liz from men so lacking in resolve. Simply standing in the presence of these impotent bottom-feeders, these parasites gnawing at the empire from within, was revolting.</p>

      <p><em>How rotten they’ve become. Let’s see if I can’t teach them to show at least a little imperial spirit.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro patted his neck several times. Then, with a small smile, he continued on his way. The noble who had insulted Liz collapsed onto his behind, where he remained, quivering.</p>

      <p>An unpleasant atmosphere hung over the hall. Nobody seemed pleased to see Liz and Aura safely returned. Rival nobles licked their lips in anticipation of the pair’s impending punishment. It made Hiro sick to his stomach.</p>

      <p><em>So could anyone blame me for this?</em></p>

      <p>He allowed his malice to pour forth unhindered. The very air groaned under the weight of his might. The nobles gradually fell silent as they sensed his fury. They lowered their eyes to the ground, sweat beading on their foreheads. The prey did all it could to avoid the predator’s notice.</p>

      <p>As an uncomfortable atmosphere settled over the chamber, the trio halted before the throne. The emperor sat upon his seat, radiating youthful strength. Liz and Aura knelt in the manner of vassals. Hiro followed them a moment later, bringing his left hand to his chest and falling to one knee in a formal Grantzian bow.</p>

      <p>“Allow me to thank you for your attendance. I understand that you have traveled far.” The emperor’s first words were ones of gratitude. “Celia Estrella. I am pleased to see you safe.”</p>

      <p>His austere voice filled the hall. Although the deep baritone was by no means loud, it had a way of carrying.</p>

      <p>“Hiro Schwartz. The feats you have accomplished are immeasurable, and you may expect to be justly rewarded.” The emperor raised his right hand.</p>

      <p>Chancellor Graeci stepped forward from his position nearby, from which he had been keeping quiet watch over the hall. “I now declare the ceremony in session.”</p>

      <p>Byzan Graeci von Scharm was a thin-faced man who seemed perpetually overworked, but those who judged him on account of his appearance would quickly regret it. He was the chancellor of the empire and the former head of House Scharm of the north. While he had abdicated the latter position upon gaining the rank of chancellor, rumors abounded that he still maintained control over his house behind the scenes—rumors that Hiro expected were true. If Graeci had gone to the trouble of dispatching one of House Scharm’s agents, who were specially trained from birth, to monitor him, it was safe to assume that the man was plotting something.</p>

      <p><em>Come to think of it, Drix hasn’t shown himself in a while.</em></p>

      <p>The man had seemed suspicious from their first meeting, so Hiro had assigned him to handle miscellaneous busywork and avoided trusting him with any important tasks. His absence would not impede Hiro’s plans, although it did likely mean he was off on some other assignment elsewhere. He didn’t pose much of a threat even if left to his own devices, but it might still pay to be cautious.</p>

      <p>“Treya Verdan Aura von Bunadala,” Chancellor Graeci announced. “We come to you first.”</p>

      <p>“My lord,” Aura answered.</p>

      <p>“As of this moment, you are relieved of your position as Chief Strategist to the Third Legion and stripped of command of the Knights of the Royal Black. In addition, you are sentenced to three months’ house arrest.”</p>

      <p>“I humbly accept His Majesty’s judgment.”</p>

      <p>With the loss of every post she had held, all of Aura’s ties had been cut. Appealing the sentence would be pointless—with no allies in the chamber to plead her case, protesting would only cause more trouble for her family. Still, there was one silver lining: she could now join Liz’s camp with no regrets. Besides, given that she had been in danger of execution not weeks prior, she could count herself lucky to have kept her head.</p>

      <p>The nobles voiced no discontent. The Warmaiden commanded exceptional popularity in the capital. Her becoming a free agent meant a chance to recruit her for their own factions.</p>

      <p>“Next, Celia Estrella Elizabeth von Grantz,” Graeci continued.</p>

      <p>“My lord.”</p>

      <p>“You are sentenced to six months’ house arrest.”</p>

      <p>“Wha—?” Liz looked up in surprise. Cries rose from the eastern nobles. Even Hiro’s calm faltered.</p>

      <p><em>We’ve been outplayed.</em></p>

      <p>The people did not want Liz to be punished harshly. The emperor had been obliged to lessen her sentence to avoid an eruption of discontent.</p>

      <p><em>But I didn’t expect that...</em></p>

      <p>The protestors would hear “house arrest” and breathe a sigh of relief. Liz had neither been relieved of control of the Fourth Legion nor stripped of command of the Knights of the Rose, nor had she been demoted in rank. There was no obvious cause for objection.</p>

      <p><em>But politically, she’s had a ball and chain clapped around her leg.</em></p>

      <p>The struggle for the throne would soon intensify. Sentencing Liz to six months of house arrest during that time might as well be stripping her of her position in the line of succession.</p>

      <p><em>He’s thought this through. The people will be delighted by what they see as light punishment, and even his opponents at court can hardly complain he’s being unfair.</em></p>

      <p>There was no cause for despair—the situation was still in their favor. What was important now was that Liz accepted her punishment.</p>

      <p><em>This isn’t the end. We’ve got plenty of cards to play. Just please don’t do anything rash.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro stared at Liz, willing her not to argue back. Whether she received his message, he couldn’t tell, but at any rate, she lowered her head again.</p>

      <p>“I humbly accept His Majesty’s judgment.”</p>

      <p>Hiro brought a relieved hand to his chest. Only then did he notice Liz’s lips whitening in chagrin.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t worry. This isn’t over. You’ll have the chance to speak your mind.</em></p>

      <p>Expelling a quiet sigh, he turned his void-black eyes back up to Chancellor Graeci.</p>

      <p>“Finally, Hiro Schwartz von Grantz,” the old man said.</p>

      <p>“My lord.”</p>

      <p>“Not only have you claimed victory over the Grand Duchy of Draal and suppressed the insurgency in Faerzen, you have delivered Her Highness Celia Estrella from the clutches of the enemy. His Majesty applauds your achievements. As before, many voices have clamored for you to be given lands of your own. As you know, the empire’s covenant with Baum forbids such a thing, but in its stead, you are awarded the sum of one thousand golden grantzes and a promotion from first class military tribune to lieutenant general.”</p>

      <p>This time, Hiro had jumped two ranks. The position of lieutenant general—above brigadier and major general and below high general—was more commonly known simply as “general.” When called to action, it could command up to a corps of thirty thousand men. Nobody was surprised; his feats were more than deserving of the honor. Still, whether he would actually be given a legion of his own remained at the emperor’s discretion. He could only muster so many men without lands of his own, so little had changed in practical terms.</p>

      <p>“I humbly accept His Majesty’s judgment.”</p>

      <p>With all items attended to, Chancellor Graeci moved to end proceedings. “So concludes the conferral of honors—”</p>

      <p>A sharp light glinted in Hiro’s eyes. <em>We’re not done just yet, old man.</em></p>

      <p>He struck the floor hard with his fist. With silence in the throne room a matter of course, the thump easily carried through the chamber. Eyes widened, and disapproving glares converged on him from all around.</p>

      <p><em>Time to signal our counterattack.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro cast a glance over the gallery of frowns and grinned to himself. Liz was one of the people staring, her eyes as wide as the rest. He shot her a meaningful look.</p>

      <p><em>Tell them all what’s in your heart. Burn the sight of you into their minds.</em></p>

      <p>Comprehension flared in her eyes and she shot to her feet. “Brius Percus von Krone!” she cried, naming the house’s head. “You too ought to stand here and be judged! At the roots of the Faerzen rebellion lie the atrocities your house committed!”</p>

      <p>Her voice grew heated and her body language grandiose. The room had taken her for a kitten, but now she was baring her teeth. The nobles who had so readily insulted her were all too astonished to speak.</p>

      <p>“Brius Percus von Krone! Uncountable losses to the empire can be laid at your feet!”</p>

      <p>She held the room in thrall. Everybody present stood astounded by her transformation.</p>

      <p>“Your Majesty! I ask you, grant him the chance to atone for his crimes! The people demand it!”</p>

      <p>Her voice rang sharp and clear enough to reach every ear in the hall.</p>

      <p><em>Now, how are they taking that?</em></p>

      <p>Hiro glanced at the central nobles. Those who had followed what Liz was saying were glaring at her in distaste. Others, the ones hopeful for House Krone’s downfall, had perked up; they were staring too, but more in anticipation than hostility.</p>

      <p>“The little girl ought to keep her mouth shut.”</p>

      <p>“Curse it all! That the sixth princess would be the one to turn on us...!”</p>

      <p>Alarmed muttering arose from the crowd. The central nobles’ fears were coming to pass.</p>

      <p>One man stepped forward, perhaps hoping to cut Liz off before the situation deteriorated beyond control. “If I may, Your Majesty, you need not lend your ear to Her Highness’s words. It is well known that the cause of the revolt in Faerzen lies with the western nobles’ governance. Why must House Krone be punished for their mistakes?”</p>

      <p>He was only the first. One by one, voices rose from the central nobles in support of House Krone.</p>

      <p>“What right has Her Highness to speak in this chamber? Is she not under house arrest? I should say she has forgotten her place!”</p>

      <p>“Her Highness has evidently not recovered from her ill treatment at the enemy’s hands. Pray, disregard this outburst and let her rest. Perhaps house arrest will do her some good.”</p>

      <p>An onslaught of scorn descended on Liz from House Krone’s supporters. The eastern nobles erupted with outrage, refusing to let their slander go unanswered.</p>

      <p>“Shut your mouths and listen, you prating fools! Or are you so rotten that you do not recognize a noble heart when you see it?!”</p>

      <p>“Your words fall on deaf ears, friend! The nobles of the central territories care only for fattening their own bellies!”</p>

      <p>“Hmph! And what right do the eastern houses have to lecture us on this matter? Are your lands not the farthest of all from Faerzen?”</p>

      <p>“You central houses are all the same—spouting pretty words that your actions never match! How dare you look down your noses at us while you cower behind House Krone!”</p>

      <p>As the throne room descended into uproar, Hiro watched Brius. The man stood quietly with his eyes closed, apparently of no mind to assert order. His expression was outwardly composed—no doubt he had his pride as a veteran of the halls of power. He was as skilled an actor as one might expect from someone so slippery, but there was no doubt that on the inside he was seething.</p>

      <p>Hiro glanced across at Stovell, curious about his reaction. The first prince noticed Hiro’s gaze and returned a wide smile. He was planning something, that much was certain, but his calm expression was utterly unreadable. As Hiro watched, he raised a hand to pat his own neck in an unsettling gesture.</p>

      <p><em>Is he going to try something? Here?</em></p>

      <p>But no time to worry about that. There were more pressing affairs at hand.</p>

      <p>“The Ministry of Internal Affairs has received no end of grievances about the central nobles. Many citizens have lost their homes and been driven to seek refuge in the east. You don’t care a whit for your people! Is it not you who have brought these protestors to the palace gates?!”</p>

      <p>“Your ignorance reveals itself. Of course grievances against the central nobles are most common in the central territories. If the capital were located in the east, the ministry would be hearing far more of you!”</p>

      <p>With both sides unwilling to back down, their zeal and hatred was plunging the court into chaos. The commotion had grown so heated, it was a wonder that nobody had come to blows. If the situation deteriorated any further, it would become impossible to rein in.</p>

      <p><em>Which would suit us just fine...but how about you, Your Majesty?</em></p>

      <p>Hiro looked up at the throne, where the emperor’s brows had knitted in displeasure. Sure enough...</p>

      <p>“Silence.”</p>

      <p>The weight of that single word snapped every squabbling noble’s mouth shut. As a hush settled, a chill wind blew through the throne room. Every soul in the chamber must have felt as though blades were pricking at their throat—and they could surely also sense the bloodlust in the hand that held them, the roiling emotions that irritation had unlatched.</p>

      <p>Hiro had harbored suspicions for a long time, but as the emperor’s anger burst its fetters, the space around his hands began to waver—enough to show they held something that could not be seen.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, Gandiva. The Gale Sovereign. How long it’s been.</em></p>

      <p>There was no more room for doubt. The emperor’s unnatural youth was the gift of Gandiva’s Graal. If he wanted, he could turn the throne room into an ocean of blood in an instant.</p>

      <p><em>Although that’s about as much as he could manage. He’s strong enough to impress a layman, but that’s all.</em></p>

      <p>Strength dulled with age. Nobody, no matter how powerful, could halt the march of time. Hiro could only speculate as to how strong the emperor might have been in his prime, but he would surely have been mightier than he was now.</p>

      <p>“Brius Percus von Krone,” the emperor pronounced in stately tones. “Come forward.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>The head of House Krone broke away from his underlings, sank to one knee not far from Hiro, Liz, and Aura, and bowed his head. There was no question that he was a great house’s patriarch. His composed demeanor oozed quiet confidence.</p>

      <p>“Are you familiar with the name of Buze von Krone?” the emperor asked.</p>

      <p>If the man was looking to raise up a new noble house, House Krone was nothing but an obstacle. He might look outwardly neutral, but inside he was no doubt dancing with glee at the excuse to sanction them.</p>

      <p>“I am well acquainted with the man. I believe he is a recent addition to our house.” The head of House Krone looked just as unflappable as his history of underhanded dealings would suggest, but his eyes burned with hatred for the emperor. “He was appointed administrator of Faerzen, as I recall. What would Your Majesty know of him?”</p>

      <p>“I have received troubling reports regarding his activities. Chief among them is the claim that he furnished certain nobles with a right to pillage—an inhumane permission. As a result, Faerzen’s capital now lies in ruins, and its people fester with hatred for the empire.”</p>

      <p>“Troubling reports indeed, Your Majesty. I share your disgust.”</p>

      <p>“Is that all you have to say in your defense?”</p>

      <p>“I offer no defense, Your Majesty. I only believe it imprudent to judge the man in absentia.” Brius paused. “As Your Majesty is surely aware, Buze von Krone disappeared during the conflict with the Faerzen Resistance, leaving the truth of these claims impossible to discern. To seek amends from a man who cannot defend himself would be—”</p>

      <p>The emperor’s hand slid sideways as though stroking the air, cutting Brius off. The man fell silent. There was no special force at work—the emperor had not called upon the power of the Gale Sovereign—but his sheer authority was so overwhelming that Brius had to focus all of his faculties so as not to pass out.</p>

      <p>“Brius Percus von Krone.” The hostility dripping from the emperor’s voice stabbed into Brius like a downpour of blades.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>“House Krone will personally fund the reconstruction of Faerzen.”</p>

      <p>The central nobles’ discontent immediately eased. So long as the funds were not coming from their own coffers, they couldn’t care less who paid. None of them would offer any objections.</p>

      <p>Brius, too, knew to keep his mouth shut. If he tried to argue back, the decline of his house’s authority would become irreversible. This, he had judged, was the time for patience—and if the small smile tugging on his lips was any indication, he felt confident that House Krone’s wealth could foot the bill.</p>

      <p>“Furthermore, it is relieved of control of the provinces of Heilung, Mitleid, and Grol, which will be placed under the jurisdiction of the crown.”</p>

      <p>“Your Majesty!”</p>

      <p>This time Brius truly did go pale. All three territories were key contributors to House Krone’s treasury. The emperor had just robbed it of three pillars of its income. He might as well have torn out its heart.</p>

      <p>“Your Majesty, I implore you to reconsider! We have been stewards of those lands for generations—”</p>

      <p>Their methods aside, House Krone had made undeniable contributions to the prosperity of the empire. Their accomplishments were beyond measure. On top of all of that, they had gathered their forces in a show of strength. Brius must have assumed no more was coming. It came as a surprise, then, when the emperor ignored him to strike yet another blow.</p>

      <p>“And, for the next year, House Krone will forfeit six tenths of its taxes to the crown.”</p>

      <p>Money was a universal need. A noble house such as House Krone—a great house, no less—had armies to maintain and a wide variety of ventures to fund. To dock sixty percent of their income was nothing less than telling them to hang themselves.</p>

      <p><em>Well, well. Not bad. He’s really going for the throat.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro managed to contain his grin, but disbelief spread through the nobles at the harshness of the sentence. Even Brius seemed stunned for a moment. As the gears of his mind began to turn again, his face visibly reddened.</p>

      <p>“This... This is a farce...” he spat, eyes to the floor. His voice was too low to reach the emperor, but Hiro heard it loud and clear.</p>

      <p><em>Time to step in, I think. If he starts ranting in the throne room, we’ll miss our chance.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro saw that the moment had come to intervene.</p>

      <p><em>Your turn, Your Majesty.</em></p>

      <p>His lips pulled into a savage grin as he prepared to give voice to the emperor’s crimes.</p>

      <p>“Allow me to say my piece, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>But the voice that rang through the hall was not Hiro’s. He spun around, looking for its source. After a moment, he found it: the imposing figure of First Prince Stovell.</p>

      <p>“You may speak.” The emperor’s smile widened. He acknowledged Stovell without hesitation, as if he had been expecting the first prince’s interruption.</p>

      <p>“It is true that the Faerzen insurgency stemmed in part from my culling of the royal family. My love for my own blood left me unable to oppose my grandfather’s ambitions for his house, and so I turned a blind eye to Buze’s induction into House Krone, as well as his atrocities in Faerzen.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>