<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Brius looked at Stovell with blank astonishment. “Stovell, have you taken leave of your senses?”</p>

      <p>Hiro, too, struggled to follow. <em>Where’s he going with this?</em></p>

      <p>“If Brius Percus von Krone is guilty, then so am I.”</p>

      <p>Hiro had no chance to interrupt. If he broke in now, without a clear grasp of the situation, he might end up the one being admonished.</p>

      <p>“In recognition of my responsibility for the chain of tragedies in Faerzen,” Stovell continued, “I ask that I may relinquish my claim to the throne.”</p>

      <p>If one were to toss a rock into a perfectly still pond, it would produce a great splash and outward-spreading ripples. So it was in the throne room. As Stovell’s words broke the surface, cries of astonishment erupted from the nobles. They had little time to be surprised, however, before he spoke again.</p>

      <p>“Casting an eye back over the crimes I have committed, I would be ashamed to list my name alongside the emperors of old. My presence would hold the empire back where it must progress. Accordingly, I have chosen to stand aside.”</p>

      <p>The heir to the throne was relinquishing his claim. The next emperor was subject to constant scrutiny from not only the rest of Soleil, but the rest of the world. News of the day’s events would spread across Aletia like wildfire.</p>

      <p><em>Why would he give up his right to the throne? What does he have to gain?</em></p>

      <p>Everything was happening too fast. Hiro’s brain struggled to keep up with the changing situation. One thing, however, was certain: the emperor and Stovell had planned this in advance.</p>

      <p><em>We’ve gotten what we wanted, but we’re headed in the wrong direction.</em></p>

      <p>Nonetheless, House Krone had lost its figurehead in Stovell. Nothing could stop their decline now. The emperor’s sanctions ensured that they would soon cease to exist, both in name and in substance.</p>

      <p>Brius stood motionless, still stunned by the events of the preceding few minutes. He could not even protest the emperor’s ruling—Stovell’s abdication had already occupied the nobles’ attention. He had fallen from the edge of a cliff and plummeted into the abyss below without so much as a chance to grasp for safety.</p>

      <p><em>My hands are tied too. Now I won’t have any opportunity to bring up the emperor’s crimes. That might even have been the point of this whole stunt.</em></p>

      <p>Speaking up now would risk turning all of the court’s ire on him.</p>

      <p><em>Well, it’s not all bad. We’re still on track.</em></p>

      <p>Everything was fine, he assured himself. His plans just needed a little adjusting. He would need to speak with Liz and Rosa later. Accusing the emperor could wait until another day.</p>

      <p>Still, he had never expected Stovell to renounce his own claim to the throne.</p>

      <p><em>I’d intended for him to bow out sooner or later, but I never thought he would leave the stage of his own accord. Is there even a point to this? Or is he just trying to disorient us?</em></p>

      <p>As Hiro pondered, the emperor spoke again in subdued tones. “Very well. Your renunciation of your claim is accepted. May you continue to serve as my faithful vassal.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Majesty,” Stovell replied.</p>

      <p>A wave of defectors would soon desert House Krone’s faction like rats from a sinking ship. The longtime leaders of the central nobles would fall, and House Maruk, who had bided their time among the undeclared nobles, would rise.</p>

      <p>“I hereby declare this council concluded.”</p>

      <p>Some nobles were likely dissatisfied with Stovell’s abdication, but there was little room for objection when the man had proposed it himself. The curtain would fall unopposed today...heavy-handed resolutions and lingering resentments notwithstanding.</p>

      <p>“I will not stand for this. Not even from you, Lord Stovell...nor from you either, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>The curses Brius whispered under his breath did not escape Hiro’s notice.</p>

      <p><em>A good enough result. My plans might need a little adjusting, but everything’s falling into line.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro’s smile widened as his thoughts turned to the obstacles ahead.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>A modest banquet followed the audience. The dramatic events in the throne room did not undo the empire’s victories in Faerzen and Draal. It was a day for celebration, and that demanded the same recognition as all matters of imperial honor.</p>

      <p>“You must visit me at my estate sometime. My wife would be delighted to meet the illustrious Lord Hiro Schwartz.”</p>

      <p>“I’d love to, if I ever have the chance.”</p>

      <p>“Splendid, splendid. Well, good evening to you.”</p>

      <p>“And to you.”</p>

      <p>As a break arrived in the endless exchanges of pleasantries, Hiro cast a glance at Liz, who was sitting despondently on the sofa by the wall. “What’s wrong?” he asked, concerned.</p>

      <p>“We never did manage to make Father agree to compensate Faerzen for his crimes,” she said somberly.</p>

      <p>“Don’t look so glum,” said a voice from behind Hiro’s back. “Another chance will come along soon enough.”</p>

      <p>He turned around to see Rosa holding two glasses, having presumably left to fetch drinks.</p>

      <p>“Rosa’s right. It’s enough that we managed to pin responsibility on House Krone.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose, but...”</p>

      <p>“Let’s not fret over that.” Rosa held out one of her glasses. “Here. Relax a little.”</p>

      <p>With a quick thanks, Liz drank the water in one gulp. She exhaled and looked down again. “I suppose I owe Scáthach an apology.”</p>

      <p>“I doubt she would approve. You’re being too hard on yourself,” said Rosa.</p>

      <p>Hiro agreed, but he could also sympathize with Liz. After firing herself up for a confrontation, it was only natural that she would feel guilty about failing to realize it. That feeling would heal with time, however. For now, the most important thing was not to allow her to dwell on it.</p>

      <p>As Hiro searched for a change of topic, he suddenly realized that one of their number was missing.</p>

      <p>“Where’s Aura gotten to?”</p>

      <p>“Aura?” Liz’s eyebrows rose. “She was just here a moment ago.”</p>

      <p>“Lady von Bunadala left in search of food,” Rosa supplied.</p>

      <p>She was taking awfully long if so. Hiro looked around uneasily. Sure enough, he quickly spotted Aura in the middle of a crowd of nobles. From the irritated furrow between her eyebrows, it looked as though they were inviting her to their own factions. Anybody would jump at the chance to recruit such an exceptional tactical mind.</p>

      <p>She waved them all off and padded back to the group with a pitter-patter of footsteps.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back.” Hiro held out a glass of water.</p>

      <p>“Thank you.” Like Liz, Aura drained it in one go.</p>

      <p>Rosa smiled wryly. “I see that even the renowned Lady von Bunadala cannot scheme her way out of noble attentions.”</p>

      <p>“It’s so hard to ignore them when you know they mean well...” Liz’s eyes filled with sympathy. She had been in the same position during her last banquet.</p>

      <p>“I want to go home,” Aura said sulkily.</p>

      <p>“You’d be disappointing a lot of hopeful nobles if you did.” Liz gestured to the surrounding crowd, who were sneaking glances in their direction.</p>

      <p>“I’ve had enough. You can handle them.” Aura pulled a face. Her blank features were lined with unmistakable tiredness. Hiro could only offer a strained smile.</p>

      <p>All of a sudden, he flinched as a chill lanced up his spine. Somebody was gazing at him with naked hostility, glaring with undisguised malice. He turned to see, standing across the hall, none other than First Prince Stovell.</p>

      <p><em>What’s he doing?</em></p>

      <p>The first prince’s lips curled into a meaningful grin and he walked out of the room.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, I think I’ve had a bit too much water. I’m just going to go to the bathroom.” Without waiting for a reply, Hiro turned away from Liz and the others and set out after Stovell.</p>

      <p>He wove his way through the crowd to the door and passed through into the corridor beyond. Another wave of naked hostility issued from farther ahead, as though leading him onward. His lips pulled into an amused grin as he forged on through the dark.</p>

      <p>Stovell was in the fountain courtyard, gazing up at the stars. As Hiro emerged into the open, making no effort to disguise his footsteps, the prince turned to face him.</p>

      <p>“What business have you here, boy?”</p>

      <p>“I should be the one asking you that. Why did you lead me out here?”</p>

      <p>Stovell scoffed. “Lead you? As presumptuous as ever, I see. Was it not you who came after me?” He spread his arms wide and turned to face Hiro. “Well, it matters not. As it happens, I now have time enough to humor you.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? And why is that?”</p>

      <p>“No need for such suspicion. I have set no plans in motion...yet.” Stovell chuckled. His voice dropped to a low murmur. “Do you know, our nation’s existence has sickened me for as long as I have known how to walk.”</p>

      <p>Hiro said nothing.</p>

      <p>“So I must ask you...is it only I who feels this way? Or do you, similar creature that you are, not harbor the same revulsion in your breast?”</p>

      <p>“This is all so sudden, I’m not sure I follow.”</p>

      <p>“Do you not? I think you know exactly what I mean.” Moonlight shifted on the corners of Stovell’s mouth as his grin broadened. “Your lack of a denial is as good as an admission.”</p>

      <p>Hiro fixed him with a piercing gaze. “So what if I do? Even if our goals did align, I still wouldn’t ally with you.”</p>

      <p>“Nor would I want you to.” Stovell snorted. “But I do have one message to impart.” A cold wind blew between them, plucking at Hiro’s fringe and sending the Black Camellia dancing. “This land’s decay cannot be halted, no matter which path you choose.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe so,” Hiro answered.<em> But that’s all the more reason that it needs Liz.</em></p>

      <p>Stovell’s face contorted with amusement, as though he had read Hiro’s mind. “Struggle as you will. In the meantime, I will rise to greater heights.”</p>

      <p>“Rise wherever you want. It’s none of my business.”</p>

      <p>Stovell chuckled. “The stagnation will only deepen. New seeds will bear no fruit in soiled ground. It will spread and spread until all is rotten.”</p>

      <p>Hiro shrugged. “Says the most rotten man of all.”</p>

      <p>“Are you not the same? I had thought us brethren.” Stovell looked around. “But the wind grows strong.”</p>

      <p>With that, the fire crackling between them tangibly cooled.</p>

      <p>“The decrepit old fool interrupts us even here. A shame. I had begun to enjoy this conversation.” Stovell turned his back to Hiro and began to walk away, bound for the darkness where no moonlight fell. “We must have another...once the gale no longer blows.”</p>

      <p>He melted into the gloom, leaving only the chirping of insects, the whistling of the wind, and an unidentifiable pressure lingering in the air.</p>

      <p>Hiro breathed a small sigh and headed back to rejoin Liz and the others. Lighthearted music and a cheerful ambience greeted him as he passed back through the doors. He looked around for his friends. It didn’t take long to spot them, but as he moved to join them, somebody else blocked his way.</p>

      <p>“Why, look who it is. It’s been too long.”</p>

      <p>Second Prince Selene laid a hand on his shoulder with a friendly smile.</p>

      <p>“So it has.” Hiro’s voice was cold.</p>

      <p>“Blunt today, aren’t you?” Selene planted his hands on his hips in mock dissatisfaction.</p>

      <p>“If you’re only here to exchange pleasantries, then you have done so. Good evening.”</p>

      <p>Hiro set off back toward Liz and the others—or at least, he tried, but Selene slipped around to stand in his way.</p>

      <p>“Come now, don’t be like that. Can’t you indulge me for a little while?” He grasped Hiro’s shoulder again and raised his lips to his ear. His androgynous voice took on a tone of warning. “You ought to be careful, you know. It’s been a long time since I last visited the palace, but I never expected to find it in quite such a precarious state.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>