<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>She forced herself into a run. Grimacing with exertion, she charged, the spears of ice her weapons, their points trailing snowflakes as she sped onward. Her first target was frozen from the knees down, but she showed the Fallen no mercy as her armaments shot forward to pierce it. Before long, it resembled a pincushion, but even then, the rain of ice did not stop. Only once it had been reduced to scraps of flesh did she finally relent.</p>

      <p>“Haah... Haah... I am not yet done!”</p>

      <p>Two more. Breathing raggedly, she took a step forward—and all at once, her spears burst apart. Shards of ice rained down onto the earth.</p>

      <p>To look at her standing, dazed, the cause was clear. She had run out of strength. The small reserve that had kept her going had finally burned out.</p>

      <p>She sank to one knee, still fighting to rise.</p>

      <p>“Ngh... Haah... Just...a little more.” She smiled at Liz’s unconscious form. “I shall tend to your wounds soon enough. This will not take long.” Driving Gáe Bolg into the earth, she forced herself to her feet, but two Fallen still blocked her path.</p>

      <p>“Urgh!”</p>

      <p>A mighty fist struck home. Scáthach soared through the air. Even so, her tempered fortitude did not permit her to fall unconscious. The Fallen seized her leg and flung her around like a toy. In her exhaustion, she was powerless to resist. Some of the nearby soldiers tried to rush to her aid, but they were surrounded by the enemy forces before they could come near enough to help. The sickening smack of flesh against dirt echoed through the clashing of steel.</p>

      <p>At last, the Fallen tired of tossing her about and hurled her into the air like a sack of flour, where it seized her by the throat. It leaned close to bite off her head, yet still, she was defiant.</p>

      <p>“Is that...all you have? That was...barely a warm-up.” Blood trickled from her brow and the corner of her mouth, but she grinned against the pain. “Now...my turn.”</p>

      <p>And she called Gáe Bolg to her hand and thrust its point into the Fallen’s looming maw.</p>

      <p>“You make an ardent case...but I am yet unwed, and I have the right to refuse my suitors.”</p>

      <p>With an azure flash, the monster’s head froze over. Its grasp loosened enough for Scáthach to pry herself from its fingers. Alighting on the ground once more, she shot her opponent a cold glance. Its head was already regenerating.</p>

      <p>“Curses...I had hoped that would kill you.” A sudden shadow fell over her. She looked up and laughed bitterly. “Ah, yes. There was one more, wasn’t there?”</p>

      <p>The impact sent her bouncing across the ground. Still, she picked herself back up, hefting Gáe Bolg with her battered body and standing against her foes. Even the rebel soldiers could not bear to look.</p>

      <p>“Urgh...”</p>

      <p>Liz groaned as she awakened. Through bleary eyes, she saw Scáthach struck again and slump to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Aahh...”</p>

      <p>No matter how desperately Liz wanted to help, her limbs wouldn’t move. She could do nothing to protect the woman trying to shield her from harm. Even now, as the weight of regret settled on her back, the two Fallen loomed over their prey, drooling.</p>

      <p>A call for help slipped from her lips. “Hiro...”</p>

      <p>Her cheeks colored crimson with shame as she realized what she had said. She bit her lip and smacked her forehead hard into the dirt.</p>

      <p>“Haven’t I learned anything?!”</p>

      <p>She was speaking like the person she had been before Faerzen. A spoiled princess spouting bold platitudes to cover up her own weakness, only to hide behind others when the going got tough.</p>

      <p>“I swore...that I would stand...by his side...”</p>

      <p>She could not look to Hiro for help. She could not lean on him to solve her every problem.</p>

      <p>“That I would fight alongside him...as an equal!”</p>

      <p>Liz rose, tightening her trembling fingers around Lævateinn’s hilt. Her ears rang so loud that she could barely hear. Blood trickled down her forehead into her eyes. She ignored both as she looked around. Her soldiers were fighting, refusing to give in. In the distance, Aura issued frantic orders to her troops from behind a wall of bodyguards. Even Scáthach, lying slumped on the ground, had fought valiantly to fend off the Fallen.</p>

      <p>But what had she done?</p>

      <p>Failed to slay a Fallen and endangered Scáthach’s life? Passed out pathetically and foisted all the work onto her ally? Given up on standing on her own two feet and begged Hiro for help instead?</p>

      <p>She had been nothing but a burden.</p>

      <p>“Aah... Aaaaaah!”</p>

      <p>Liz clenched her fist and struck the earth. A crack spread beneath her fingers. The ground trembled, drawing the attention of the Fallen. She stared down, breathing quietly. Anger burned in her crimson eyes—not at her enemies, but her own naivete.</p>

      <p>“Lævateinn, lend me your strength.”</p>

      <p>She remembered how she had vowed to one day stand at Hiro’s side.</p>

      <p><em>Fear not failure. Fear not death. Believe now in the conviction you felt then.</em></p>

      <p>“Grant me the power to overcome this trial!”</p>

      <p>As she gave voice to the fury within, Lævateinn took on a crimson glow. Her heart blazed, and a great power welled up from its depths, surging through her veins and filling her up—and as it did, she heard a voice.</p>

      <p>“I know you...”</p>

      <p>An undying flame raged within her breast. So long as her heart stood firm, it would burn ever higher until it blossomed into a raging inferno.</p>

      <p>“You’re...the first emperor...”</p>

      <p>A smile came unbidden to her lips as a pleasant clarity settled over her mind.</p>

      <p>“RAAAAAARGH!”</p>

      <p>Alarmed by her mysterious power, one of the Fallen streaked toward her.</p>

      <p>“Stand aside.”</p>

      <p>She thrust Lævateinn through its chest and smoothly sheared its head from its shoulders.</p>

      <p>“GRAAAH!”</p>

      <p>Yet her opponent’s monstrosity was not to be underestimated. Thanks to its accelerated regeneration, its head quickly reattached.</p>

      <p>“Enough!”</p>

      <p>Liz unleashed a dismissive slash with Lævateinn. The Fallen’s head erupted in flames and fell to the ground with a grisly smack. With so much power flowing through her limbs, it felt like time had slowed down.</p>

      <p>The final Fallen charged toward her with a roar, but she picked up a spear from the ground and swung it in a sweeping arc. The monstrosity toppled, sheared clean in half. As it stared in confusion at its own exposed viscera, Liz planted a foot on its shoulder. Her spear glowed with blue fire. She thrust the point through its head and demolished its brain.</p>

      <p>Her head grew clearer. Her limbs grew lighter. Her senses grew sharper. Power surged through her. Twice, three times, she clenched her fingers, taken aback by her own strength. Joy kindled in her crimson eyes.</p>

      <p>“At last, I can walk by his side...”</p>

      <p>Yet her opponents were still Fallen. Two great shadows loomed over her once more as they rose to block her path.</p>

      <p>“Scáthach needs healing...so I need you gone.”</p>

      <p>She stepped forward and the ground beneath her foot burst into flame. The fire burned blue and clear, coiling around her like a pair of wings. Emperor Artheus’s most beloved blade unveiled its true strength.</p>

      <p>Its flames were Sheol.</p>

      <p>Its flames were Inferno.</p>

      <p>Its flames were Purgatorium.</p>

      <p>With a roar, Lævateinn voiced its birthing cry.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>