<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Oh, and one more thing. Do you think we could contact the local nobles to clean up after us?”</p>

      <p>If they left the camp intact, it could turn into a bandit hideout. Besides, leaving unclaimed provisions behind would soon attract monsters—and that was if impoverished townsfolk didn’t kill one another over it first.</p>

      <p>“I’ll take care of that. You take charge of the men.”</p>

      <p>“You’re a lifesaver, Aura! Oh, and we should change out of our heavy armor. If we’re traveling fast, we can’t let the mud slow us down.”</p>

      <p>“We’ll bury it. That way nobody can steal it.”</p>

      <p>“Good idea. Can I leave that to you as well?”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s eyes closed fondly as he watched the exchange. A sense of familiarity welled up from within him, as though he were watching a scene from bygone days.</p>

      <p>“You called for me, One-Eyed Dragon?”</p>

      <p>A gruff voice drew his attention. Garda stood nearby, clad from head to toe in black armor.</p>

      <p>“What has you so slack-jawed?” the zlosta asked. “Is this truly the time to be getting distracted?”</p>

      <p>“Lord Hiro is simply surprised by Lady Liz’s growth.” Scáthach turned her eyes to the girl in question, grinning broadly. “She has become quite impressive of late.”</p>

      <p>Garda nodded in agreement. “I could say the same. I struggle for the right word, but she seems...newly focused, perhaps.”</p>

      <p>She had always had talent—Lævateinn would never have chosen her otherwise. The problem had been that she had lost sight of the way to go. That lack of clarity had stifled her natural ability. All along, however, she had only ever needed the opportunity to break her shell, which the fighting in Faerzen had provided. She really did never cease to amaze—all the more reason to cultivate her talents to their fullest.</p>

      <p><em>She could do it, Artheus. She could inherit your will.</em></p>

      <p>Once a fledgling learned to spread its wings, what could stand in its way? It could soar forever and ever, to the farthest skies.</p>

      <p>Hiro cast one more glance at Liz and then turned to Garda. “The enemy has thirty thousand men. We have eight hundred.”</p>

      <p>The zlosta snorted. “Hopeless odds if ever I saw them. We go to our graves.”</p>

      <p>“At least we have eight hundred cavalry. That gives us some flexibility. Still, it’s not exactly enough to turn the tables.”</p>

      <p>“But that look on your face tells me you have a plan.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right. The odds are hopeless as they stand. But we can even them a little.”</p>

      <p>It seemed Hiro would be calling on Rosa’s three thousand sooner than planned. Aside from that, he could appeal for assistance to whatever nobles would listen.</p>

      <p>“And we’ll need to send out messengers.”</p>

      <p>“To whom?” Garda asked.</p>

      <p>“To the central nobles. A lot of them will be standing back, waiting to see which way the wind is blowing.”</p>

      <p>Many were no doubt planning to sit back and watch until the victor became apparent, but he wouldn’t let them get away with that kind of spinelessness this time. He would force them to choose a side.</p>

      <p>“Besides, there’s something I need them to prepare for me. Numbers won’t get us out of this one; we’ll need some kind of clever scheme. I’ll draw up the letters later. Could you get the messengers ready to leave as soon as I’m done?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. I’ll see it done.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you.”</p>

      <p>As Garda left, Hiro turned his gaze to the ground. The rain might have lifted, but the mud remained to impede their progress. Still, they were small in number, and light cavalry on top of that. They could make it back to the capital quickly enough. Assuming the rebel army was working under the same conditions, and considering the time their forces would take to assemble, they shouldn’t have reached the city’s walls—yet. Besides, the emperor had the Knights of the Golden Lion under his command, and while the First Legion was scattered across the central territories, at least some of it had to remain in the vicinity. The capital would not fall so easily.</p>

      <p><em>I really don’t see how the rebels win this one.</em></p>

      <p>If word of the crisis had reached Hiro and his allies, it would also have reached every other noble, triggering a rush back to their home territories. Even if the rebel army struck fast and hard enough to take the capital—and even that would be a matter of luck—it would soon be wiped out by an incoming wave of noble reinforcements.</p>

      <p><em>Unless there’s some hidden dimension to this. Something they’re hell-bent on doing even if it means their deaths...</em></p>

      <p>Hiro cupped his chin in his hand and pondered. There didn’t seem to be any advantage at all to them wiping themselves out. Did they have some guaranteed way of taking the capital? Or perhaps some means of repelling any reinforcements? No matter how hard he thought, he couldn’t see an answer. In any case, it would be dangerous to make assumptions with so little information to work with. For now, the best he could do was file the question in a corner of his mind and move on.</p>

      <p>He collected his thoughts and looked around. Soldiers were hurrying to and fro. None of them seemed disgruntled at being commanded to march at short notice. The drumming of horseshoes wove its way through the press—officers returning to their units or rounding up their subordinates. Morale still seemed high. A healthy tension hung over the departure proceedings. The Crow Legion was in good enough condition to fight.</p>

      <p>“Liz!” Hiro called. “I need to talk to you!”</p>

      <p>Liz had been discussing something with Aura, but she bounded over with a spring in her step. “What is it? Something you need?” If she’d had a tail, it would have been wagging up a storm.</p>

      <p>Hiro pulled a strained smile. “If we’ve gotten word of what’s happened, the other nobles will too.”</p>

      <p>“Right. Maybe the fighting will be over by the time we get there.”</p>

      <p>“It won’t be that easy, sadly. We’ll be the first to engage the rebel army.”</p>

      <p>Their Crow Legion escort numbered eight hundred. The other nobles’ forces would be at least twice that. That alone would produce a disparity in travel time. Second Prince Selene in particular was leading an army of twenty thousand soldiers. Unlike Hiro’s men, they couldn’t afford to drop their provisions and march. Reversing their course would take time.</p>

      <p>“Why don’t we meet up with Rosa?” Liz suggested. “She could be here in two days.”</p>

      <p>Hiro shook his head. It wasn’t a bad plan in principle—Rosa’s assistance would give them an army ten thousand strong, easily enough to even the odds—but time was too precious. Waiting around wasn’t an option.</p>

      <p>“We can send her a message, but we shouldn’t join forces. Combining our armies could take days, and we’ll travel a whole lot slower. What we’ll gain in strength, we’ll lose in time, and we might end up arriving late to the capital.”</p>

      <p>Striking the first blow would bolster Liz’s authority if they did happen to join up with other nobles later. More to the point, it was important to impress upon the people that she had been first to the scene.</p>

      <p>“But how can we fight with eight hundred men?”</p>

      <p>“Rosa’s made inroads with the central nobles. A few of them are willing to fight for us. That only accounts for three thousand men at the moment, but three thousand is better than nothing.”</p>

      <p>“Still...” Liz’s gaze dropped to Excalibur at Hiro’s hip before flicking quickly back up to his face. Her brow knitted with concern. “Thirty thousand is a lot, even with two Spiritblades on our side. And if House Krone is backing the rebels, they’ll have plenty of spirit weapons.”</p>

      <p>Spirits flocked to the banks of pure water sources, where, on rare occasion, they left behind crystals imbued with their essence. These crystals, which shone with a luster to rival any gemstone, had become known among the people as spirit stones. Between three and seven per year were produced on imperial lands. Through a special smithing process, they could be forged into spirit weapons—blades that harbored a small amount of the spirit’s power and bolstered the wielder’s strength. Accordingly, spirit stones were highly prized, to the point that a single one could fund a life of leisure, while spirit weapons were wielded only by the royal family and their most trusted vassals.</p>

      <p>“Probably so. But they’ll have ten at most. A threat, certainly, but nothing you and Scáthach couldn’t take care of.”</p>

      <p>If a spirit weapon showed itself on the battlefield, one of them could find its wielder and cut off their head—as simple as that. In the first place, such valuable arms wouldn’t be handed out to rank-and-file infantry. They would be given to commanders, and judging by the central nobles’ instincts for self-preservation, those commanders would stay well away from the front lines.</p>

      <p>“See? There’s nothing to worry about.” Hiro laid a hand on Liz’s shoulder and stared deep into her eyes. “Show them how you fight, Liz. You don’t have to win the first battle, only the last. And by that time, you’ll have plenty of nobles behind you.”</p>

      <p>He had several plans in place to ensure that. It was time to put everything that he had learned to use.</p>

      <p>“We’ll turn the tables. The favor of the heavens, the fealty of the earth, the devotion of men—they’re all with you now.”</p>

      <p>Liz gazed back uncertainly. “Okay,” she said finally. “I’ll trust you on that.” She looked away and gave a little nod.</p>

      <p>“Good. Then let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“All right.” Liz fell in beside him, glancing occasionally at his face as she went.</p>

      <p>Aura watched them leave with stony eyes.</p>

      <p>“I have your mount, Lady Aura.” Scáthach approached with two horses in tow.</p>

      <p>Aura didn’t respond. “He was smiling.”</p>

      <p>“Who?” A question mark popped up over Scáthach’s head.</p>

      <p>At that moment, Hiro bellowed loud enough to drown out the crunch of boots. “Mount up! The Crow Legion rides for the capital!”</p>

      <p>“As impressive as ever, is he not? His voice truly has a way of commanding attention.” Scáthach swung herself up onto her horse. “You had best mount up as well, Lady Aura, or you will be left behind.”</p>

      <p>“Mm...”</p>

      <p>“Now, what was bothering you so? You are not usually so distracted.”</p>

      <p>“Hiro was smiling.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“No, forget it. I was probably just seeing things.”</p>

      <p>But she couldn’t shake the memory—the whole time Hiro had been speaking to Liz, he’d had a wide smile on his face.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>As Hiro and his allies set out back toward the capital, another army was making camp near the northern border. They numbered twenty thousand. Above the central tent, a stately flag fluttered gracefully on the freezing wind: a silver wolf on a white field.</p>

      <p>Plumes of white smoke rose here and there across the camp, signaling the onset of dinner. Some soldiers conversed with bottles in their hands; others cheered on drinking contests; yet more sang and danced, stripped to the waist in defiance of the biting cold. There was no gloom to be seen. The bright mood brought warmth to the chill of the snowfields.</p>

      <p>The presence of such an unruly force might usually invite unease, but the nearby villages, towns, and border forts showed no sign of concern. The army was commanded by a man they knew and trusted: Lupus Scharm Selene von Grantz, the second prince of the empire and fourth in line to the throne. Some of the commonfolk called him the King of the North. Others called him Twinfangs.</p>

      <p>Selene stifled a yawn as he looked around. Four burly soldiers had him surrounded. The vicious weapons in their hands glinted dully in the sunlight, honed points glittering with rainbow halos. A single blow from any one would be fatal.</p>

      <p>One of the men chuckled. “Well, boss, looks like today’s the day we put a scar on that pretty face.”</p>

      <p>“Aye, you said it. Time to settle old scores.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve been so busy recently, boss. We’ve been missing you terribly.”</p>

      <p>“Are you certain about this, Your Highness? Is four not too many?” The last voice, more concerned than the rest, belonged to a new recruit.</p>

      <p>Selene’s lips pulled into just the hint of a smile. “Come at me like you mean it. I could do with a little entertainment.”</p>

      <p>“He’s a fair one, the boss,” another of the soldiers said. “His looks are wasted on a man, if you ask me.”</p>

      <p>“Speak for yourself. I’m glad of it.”</p>

      <p>“Aye, right enough. With a face like that, what does it matter what’s below?”</p>

      <p>Selene was often praised as a great beauty, and to look at him, it was not difficult to see why. His sky-blue hair hung soft as silk, his limbs were slender, his skin was pale, and his face seemed carved from porcelain. His androgynous features drew the attention of men and women alike.</p>

      <p>One particular feature, however, stood out above the rest. His left eye was blue, and his right was gold—the mismatched coloration known as the Baldick. Common to figures of myth, it was said to denote somebody of heroic caliber. True to form, Selene’s regal bearing could have belonged to a king stepped straight out of the old legends.</p>

      <p>“That’s enough chitchat. Shall we begin?”</p>

      <p>Selene grasped the twin swords at his hips. A puff of white breath escaped his mouth as his lips widened into an elegant smile—and then he vanished in a soundless blur.</p>

      <p>“Look out! He’s comi— Gah!”</p>

      <p>One of the soldiers went flying, as if he had been struck by a charging bull. His neighbor crumpled to the ground, foaming at the mouth. The third man slashed around wildly but hit only air. A blow to the cheek knocked him out cold.</p>

      <p>The new recruit looked around desperately. “Eh? What just...? Are you three—?”</p>

      <p>He got no further. Some invisible force struck him hard, sending him bouncing across the ground until he eventually came to a stop.</p>

      <p>Selene looked down at the four unconscious men and sighed. “That wasn’t even a warm-up.”</p>

      <p>For a beat, there was silence, and then a roar went up from around him.</p>

      <p>“Well, well. Where did you all come from?”</p>

      <p>He looked around to see soldiers cheering and whooping. Strange—he hadn’t noticed any spectators before the bout had started. Still, best to acknowledge his supporters. He raised a hand and waved.</p>

      <p>“At this rate, our drink isn’t going to last the night.”</p>

      <p>They would have to buy more from one of the nearby towns. With a shrug, Selene began to walk away, but before he could go more than a pace, somebody called out to him.</p>

      <p>“May I ask what you are doing, Your Highness?”</p>

      <p>Without so much as a whisper, a man appeared in Selene’s path. He wore no hood today, seeming not to care about concealing his face. He was a member of Vang, the cadre of assassins who served Selene’s uncle, Chancellor Graeci, and until recently, he had been in Hiro’s service.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Drix. As miserable as ever, I see.”</p>

      <p>“I do not think my disposition is relevant, Your Highness. I ask again, why are you wasting your time on these ‘amusements’?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t see what that has to do with you. Or are you here to tell me that you need something?”</p>

      <p>“The situation has been explained to you at great length, Your Highness.” Drix’s eyes hardened with anger. “You <em>have</em> been reading our letters, I hope?”</p>

      <p>Selene cocked his head. “Your letters?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Highness. The letters that Chancellor Graeci has sent you. Repeatedly.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, of course. Now I remember.” Selene produced an envelope from his pocket. It was stamped with the seal of House Scharm. He hadn’t bothered to open it, assuming it contained nothing more than Graeci’s usual complaining. “I take it this was something important?”</p>

      <p>“Gravely so, Your Highness.” Drix’s voice took on a note of impatience. “With respect, I must ask you to read it at once!”</p>

      <p>With a shrug, Selene broke the seal and pulled out the contents. Written in flawless cursive, the letter summed up its subject matter quickly and competently. Without its usual barbs, it made for remarkably easy reading.</p>

      <p>“Oh?” A smile spread across Selene’s face as he read. “Brius von Krone, dead? My father responsible? Well, I never. And now House Krone is in open rebellion? Things are happening awfully fast.”</p>

      <p>“The situation calls for urgency. Chancellor Graeci requests that you recall your forces to the capital immediately.”</p>

      <p>“Understandably so. This would certainly qualify as a national crisis.”</p>

      <p>“The rebel army may already have reached the capital’s walls. You must turn your forces about and dispatch these interlopers.”</p>

      <p>“I see.” Selene’s smile deepened. “But that sounds terribly boring.”</p>

      <p>His expression never faltered as he tore Graeci’s letter to shreds.</p>

      <p>“Y-Your Highness?!” Drix yelped in horror as the scraps of paper blew away on the wind.</p>

      <p>Selene regarded the man with frigid eyes. “With apologies to your master, I care only for the north.”</p>

      <p>“But... But the entire nation is in peril!”</p>

      <p>“And what about it? The north has Friedhof. The security of the empire pales in importance next to that of the Spirit Wall.”</p>

      <p>“But if the empire should fall, the north will be left exposed! Besides, nobody has heard from the yaldabaoth in years!”</p>

      <p>In addition to the five humanoid races—humans, álfar, dwarves, zlosta, and beastfolk—known as the five peoples, the world of Aletia also contained three more outlandish species known as the wild races. Monsters, who prowled all corners of the world, were one. The other two were the ferocious peoples known as the archons and the yaldabaoth. Both could only be found on the central continent of Soleil, where they had established a nation of their own in the untamed lands known as the Sanctuarium beyond the Spirit Wall of Friedhof.</p>

      <p>“They are waiting, not dormant,” Selene drawled. “They will swarm over the wall if we give them the slightest opportunity.”</p>

      <p>“Be that as it may, Your Highness, you must still make for the capital.”</p>

      <p>“Why? To claim the throne?”</p>

      <p>Drix fell silent under Selene’s piercing gaze.</p>

      <p>“As I have told you before, I am not interested.”</p>

      <p>“Then you are happy to watch the people of the empire suffer so long as they are not people of the north?”</p>

      <p>They were talking past one another, but that only spoke to how flustered Drix was. If Selene didn’t make for the capital, one of the other imperial heirs would engage the rebel army instead, and a victory would secure their position as the next emperor or empress. Those who wanted to see Selene become emperor would be desperate to avoid that outcome. In particular, Chancellor Graeci had been plotting for a long time to seat Selene on the throne, although a portion of the northern nobles were also eager to see him claim the crown.</p>

      <p>“The people of the central territories look to you for salvation, Your Highness,” Drix said. “You must answer their pleas.”</p>

      <p>His appeal to emotion was so desperate, it was almost hard to watch. Selene heaved a heavy sigh. “I think not.”</p>

      <p>“Your Highness?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve never seen the appeal in walking the path others have laid out for me. If my uncle wants the throne for House Scharm so badly, he can sit in it himself. Stovell can take it for all I care.”</p>

      <p>“If Stovell were to claim the throne, the empire would be ruined! Have you lost your mind?”</p>

      <p>“How many men do you think could endure court politics since the moment they could walk and <em>not</em> lose their minds?”</p>

      <p>In that sense, Stovell was equally pitiful. The first prince had been used by his grandfather from early in his youth all the way up until being chosen by Mjölnir, whereupon he had become his father’s pawn instead. In the end, his heart had withered away to nothing. It was hard to look at his life without feeling sympathy.</p>

      <p>“I...” The rebuke left Drix lost for words.</p>

      <p>With a final scornful glance, Selene looked away. “Although, come to think of it...”</p>

      <p>The thought of a black-haired boy crossed his mind. He cupped his chin and sank into thought.</p>

      <p><em>What will </em>he<em> do, I wonder?</em></p>

      <p>Hiro didn’t seem to have any political ambitions, but Liz did. Selene didn’t care for the throne, but he did very much want to see where their roads would take them. What moves might they make in response to this crisis? Perhaps it was worth revising his course of action after all.</p>

      <p>Selene beckoned one of his aides.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Highness?” the man asked.</p>

      <p>“Assemble a task force. Four thousand men will do.”</p>

      <p>Drix, still on one knee, started. His eyes filled with anticipation. The smile that spread across his face could have been perfectly designed to irritate Selene. The second prince looked away contemptuously and returned his attention to the aide.</p>

      <p>“What of the rest of the army, Your Highness?”</p>

      <p>“Send them on to Friedhof. We shall return to the capital at a leisurely pace.”</p>

      <p>“At once, Your Highness. We will make ready to depart.”</p>

      <p>As the aide disappeared, Selene turned back to Drix, who was looking visibly relieved at the second prince’s change of heart. “I don’t know what you’re looking so pleased about. I’m not going to be who my uncle wants.”</p>

      <p>Drix’s brows pulled together doubtfully. “Then why are you marching for the capital, Your Highness?”</p>

      <p>“Why, to watch, of course. The struggle for the empire’s future is about to play out on a grand stage, and I mean to be there to see it.”</p>

      <p>Selene grinned in anticipation as his hands found their place on the hilts of his twin swords.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>