<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue</h1>

      <p>A gentle breeze blew, comparatively warm after the bitter winds of the north. High in the sky, a gibbous moon hung shrouded by clouds.</p>

      <p>Second Prince Selene tore his gaze away from the moon and looked down toward the capital. The city lay shrouded in darkness. He stood one sel from its walls, on top of a small hill—one man with four thousand more at his back, waiting quietly in orderly ranks.</p>

      <p>“It’s done, it seems.” White breath escaped his lips as he smiled gently. “Now, what change will our lord’s awakening bring to this world, I wonder?”</p>

      <p>He stifled an amused chuckle with his hand and looked down. “Is something the matter, Drix?”</p>

      <p>Drix ground his fist into the earth in frustration as he stared at the capital. “I worry for the chancellor’s safety.”</p>

      <p>Selene shrugged. “He lives, I don’t doubt. He will show himself soon enough. He’s as slippery as a snake, and just as difficult to discourage.”</p>

      <p>“Your Highness! I bring urgent word!” A messenger came to a stop in front of him, breathing raggedly. “Six Kingdoms is attacking the west! I repeat, Six Kingdoms has launched an attack on the western territories!”</p>

      <p>“Impossible!” Drix started to his feet, paling in surprise and fear. Why would they attack at such a critical time? They had moved so quickly, it was almost as though they had known what was coming.</p>

      <p>“How many?”</p>

      <p>“They ride with one hundred thousand, Your Highness! But their ranks are still swelling! There is no telling how large their numbers might grow!”</p>

      <p>Selene closed his eyes and frowned. “Out of the frying pan and into the fire,” he said with a shrug. “How will this nation resist without its emperor?”</p>

      <p>He opened his eyes and stretched out a hand toward the moon. A delicate smile played on his lips.</p>

      <p>“Now, let us see what path you choose...my dear Black-Winged Lord.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>So began the first day of the first month of Imperial Year 1024—the year that would become known as the Year of Chaos.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>