<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: The Pursuit Begins</h1>

      <p>Ten minutes later, Rio and Aria were outside of the capital, about three kilometers northwest of the city. They waited beside a boulder located past the grain-producing fields outside of the city walls, but before the forest that spread beyond it.</p>

      <p>“She’s met up with someone in the forest—a man in his twenties. He seems to be her bodyguard,” Rio said to Aria, staring into the forest.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Aria stared off in the same direction as Rio, her reply tinged with faint confusion.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t see anything with the naked eye, so how did he...?</em></p>

      <p>Their current position made it impossible for them to see Erica—their view was blocked by trees, and they had no way of knowing where in the forest she was located. There was no way of seeing anything past ten meters away, and they hadn’t even spotted Erica once during their pursuit.</p>

      <p>Despite that, Rio continuously provided information as though he could see Erica inside the forest. Aria didn’t doubt his tracking abilities, but her confusion was understandable.</p>

      <p>However, it was possible that Liselotte was located within this forest. Depending on the situation, they may even end up launching an ambush attack. With that possibility in mind, Aria refocused herself.</p>

      <p>“There are two trained griffins beside them. Unfortunately, Liselotte isn’t here.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so...”</p>

      <p>It seemed that Erica wasn’t keeping Liselotte near herself.</p>

      <p>“If they’re going to travel by griffins from here, Liselotte was probably transported somewhere else...”</p>

      <p>Erica had made a beeline for this forest. It was unlikely for Liselotte to be anywhere nearby.</p>

      <p>Then, sure enough, Rio’s bad feeling was right on the mark.</p>

      <p>“It seems like they’re getting on the griffins and taking off.”</p>

      <p>“Following them on foot will be difficult...”</p>

      <p>It would be possible to run along if they enhanced their bodies with their enchanted swords, but their speed would fall in areas with varying elevation, and they would have to run while expending magic essence for extended periods of time.</p>

      <p>Pursuing in an open area would create the risk of the other party noticing them, so they were greatly disadvantaged by being on the chasing side. Because of this, Aria had a grim look on her face, but...</p>

      <p>“Then we’ll just follow them from the skies,” Rio said casually, as though that wasn’t an issue.</p>

      <p>“I’ve heard that your enchanted sword can grant the ability to fly, but...”</p>

      <p>All Aria knew was that Haruto Amakawa’s enchanted sword had the ability to control wind, which he could use to fly through the air. She had no idea of the specifics—how long he could maintain flight, how freely he could move about, and so on. She didn’t know the details of the ability, and she had never witnessed him fly in person.</p>

      <p>“The saint is exiting the forest.” As soon as Rio spoke, two griffins appeared from deep within the forest. Two figures resembling Erica and her bodyguard were riding them as they rose into the sky.</p>

      <p>“They’re flying northwest.” Aria could also see Erica on the griffin. With a fierce glare, she voiced the direction of their movement out loud.</p>

      <p>“They’ve just left the capital, so they’re probably being wary of pursuers. Her eyesight will be raised dramatically through her Divine Arms, so we’ll follow while keeping our distance. Please inform me immediately if you sense anything strange,” Rio directed with a serious look.</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>“And so, I’d like to begin following them by air, but...”</p>

      <p>When it came time for them to depart, Rio looked at Aria with an air of awkwardness.</p>

      <p>“...What?”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Some time later, in the skies above the outskirts of the capital...</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry... I’ve become a complete hindrance,” Aria apologized weakly from Rio’s arms.</p>

      <p>Since she didn’t possess a method of traveling through the air, Rio had to carry her in his arms as he flew. However, Rio and Aria weren’t quite friends. They were more than acquaintances, having sparred together at the training event hosted at the Galarc Castle, but they were nothing more than an instructor and an attendee at that event.</p>

      <p>Celia and Aria had a personal friendship, but Rio just considered Aria to be Liselotte’s attendant, and Aria merely saw Rio as an important friend of her master’s. The two maintained a proper sense of distance from each other.</p>

      <p>“No, I’m sorry as well...”</p>

      <p>The two were pressed together, flying through the sky, making for a rather awkward situation. Neither of them had particularly talkative personalities, which made them feel even more conscious of each other.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>