<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 18</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Onii-chan and Aishia would never lose to anyone when they’re together.” Latifa’s voice was cheerful once again.</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>“Agreed.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>Sara, Orphia, and Alma giggled along in agreement.</p>

      <p>“It’s exactly as everyone says. The only thing we can do is maintain a normal life here for Sir Haruto to return to. There’s no doubt the nobles of our kingdom will have split views over this incident, so I’ll do what I can to minimize the effects on Sir Haruto and Liselotte,” Charlotte said eloquently as she expressed her enthusiasm.</p>

      <p>Satsuki was able to pull herself together with that. “Thanks, Char... If there’s anything I can help with, let me know. It’s not my usual style, but I’ll do what I can as a hero.”</p>

      <p>“That would be much appreciated. The nobles will only get more impatient as they wait for Sir Haruto to return.”</p>

      <p>“And we don’t know when that will happen...”</p>

      <p>Rio had begun his pursuit with no idea of Liselotte’s location. The amount of time it would take to rescue her depended heavily on her location. She could be within the country, or she could be far away in a foreign land.</p>

      <p>“If Haruto’s return gets prolonged, we should probably get in touch with Gouki on his behalf,” Orphia said to Sara beside her.</p>

      <p>“You’re right. He’d be concerned if his return was late.”</p>

      <p>“Did he have plans to meet with someone?” Charlotte asked.</p>

      <p>“Haruto had plans to meet with some acquaintances of his. Since he may not be able to fulfill that promise, we might leave the castle to update them on the situation.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Let me know whenever you need to leave. I’ll explain things to Father for you.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>“Not a problem. I shall return to the castle now.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re leaving already?” Satsuki asked as Charlotte stood up.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I need to ask Father about our plans for the future. I will let you know if anything new happens, so everyone may relax here.”</p>

      <p>“I see... Thanks, Char.”</p>

      <p>“This is merely my duty as royalty. Leave it to me.”</p>

      <p>With those words, Charlotte left the room.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>