<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello, everyone. This is the most indebted Yuri Kitayama. I’d like to thank you all for picking up <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5: The Silver Bride.</em></p>

      <p>Like the cover illustration depicts, this volume features the long-awaited full return of Professor Celia since volume 1. It took eleven months from the release of volume 1 to the release of this volume 5, but... personally, the time passed felt both long and short to me. Perhaps it felt much longer to those who were patiently awaiting Professor Celia’s return.</p>

      <p>However, I was only able to write volume 5 because of the ample space that volumes 2, 3, and 4 opened. The contents of volume 5 greatly differed from the web novel, but how was the sight of Professor Celia in her wedding dress? If you thought it was well worth the wait, then I would truly feel blessed as an author!</p>

      <p>By the way, I’m currently in the middle of plotting out volumes 6 and 7. The contents of those will be vastly different to the web novel, too. Or rather, it may be best if you considered the light novel and web novel to be independent and separate stories developing in parallel worlds. For now, it seems like there’s an announcement for volume 6 at the end of the book, so make sure you check that out!</p>

      <p>Ah, that’s right — thankfully, a character introduction will be added from volume 5 onward. Unfortunately, there are many characters that appear in this story, so I had it created laboriously and extravagantly. Hopefully it will be of use in triggering your memories.</p>

      <p>One more thing: I have an important announcement.</p>

      <p>I mentioned this in the author profile on the cover sleeve, but the manga version of <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles</em> has been decided! The wonderful character designs by Riv will now take life in a manga world. Just imagining it makes my chest burn hot.</p>

      <p>I expect there’ll be many new readers coming from the manga in the future, but I consider that to be all thanks to the readers who have supported <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles</em> until now, as well as all the related parties that participated in the editing and marketing departments. I’d like to use this space to offer my sincere gratitude to you all. Thank you very much!</p>

      <p>Just between you and me, I admire both Riv, who is in charge of the illustrations, and tenkla, who will be taking on the manga, so much. I am most obliged to them.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, I appreciate all the love I have received from the readers as the number of volumes increases. My editors, and all other involved parties working where I can’t see have really been so reliable. I truly feel so blessed. I would have never been able to stand here of my own power alone. I’m still a newbie, and I’ll be working my hardest not to drag anyone else down, but I would greatly appreciate it if you continued to support me. Thank you very much.</p>

      <p>Now, as for details regarding the manga version, I believe there will be various announcements made on HJ Bunko’s official website and blog (it’s possible that by the time this volume is released, some information will have been announced already), so please do check those out if you have the time.</p>

      <p>Also, I occasionally tweet announcements and things on my Twitter account to my followers, so feel free to check there, too.</p>

      <p>Finally, I still have some space left, so allow me to take this chance to tell a story from a party held by HJ Bunko the other day. I got the reaction of “Eh, you’re Kitayama?!” from the people I met, but what kind of image do you all have of me? (laughs) I felt kind of bad for being your regular old average Joe. (laughs) Well, then — I hope we can meet again in volume 6. Please continue to give your support to <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles</em>!</p>

      <p class="signature">— 2016, end of July, Yuri Kitayama</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>