<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: New Life in the Village</h1>

      <p>The afternoon of the day after Miharu and the others began their new lives in the spirit folk village...</p>

      <p>Rio held a training sword in his hand as he stood with Sara, Alma, and Orphia, all four of them gathered in the square before the town hall. At the request of Sara and the other girls, they were about to have a sparring match.</p>

      <p>Beside them, the winged werebeast and warrior chief of the village, Uzuma, was acting as the referee, while Miharu, Aki, Masato, and Latifa were observing from a short distance away. The children of the village, led by Vera and Arslan, were running over after hearing the rumors of what was about to happen. However, Aishia had gone to visit Dryas and wasn’t present.</p>

      <p>They checked the condition of the training equipment before their match, warming up lightly first. “Rio, would you be okay with a one-on-three match? I’d like you to check our coordination as a group today,” Sara asked as she grabbed a training dagger.</p>

      <p>Rio nodded immediately. “Sure, I don’t mind. I wanted to practice facing multiple opponents more anyway.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, is one-on-three a proper match? Sara and the others aren’t that strong, are they?” Masato asked Arslan, who stood next to him; they were watching the whole exchange from the sidelines. After the banquet and a night of sleeping under the same roof together, he seemed to have warmed up to Sara and the others enough not to call them “miss” anymore.</p>

      <p>Arslan corrected Masato’s misunderstanding rather excitedly. “Stupid, Sara and the other girls are pretty strong, too... But Rio’s just too strong.” His eyes shined brightly as he imagined the exciting match that was about to unfold before them.</p>

      <p>“Really...”</p>

      <p>“Like I said before, Rio’s strong enough to be the very best fighter in the village. Just watch carefully.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. Seems like it’s starting now.” Arslan’s words and the mood in the air seemed to reach Masato, as he nodded rather nervously in return. Right before his eyes, Rio and the girls were facing each other and bracing their weapons.</p>

      <p>“Begin!” Uzuma called out, giving the signal to begin the match. Immediately after, Sara’s figure all but disappeared as she burst into a run toward Rio.</p>

      <p>“So fast!!” Masato, Aki, and Miharu gazed in shock at the speed that far surpassed their imagination as Sara resolutely swung her dagger and aimed multiple attacks at Rio. Her aim seemed to be to pin him in place, as her series of blows placed more emphasis on speed rather than power and precision.</p>

      <p>However, Rio managed to avoid those attacks splendidly. He deflected the minimum amount of attacks with his sword, while the rest he evaded lightly with the ways he positioned his body.</p>

      <p>“Fuh!” Alma, who had been hiding behind Sara with her small frame, drew near Rio and tried to land a heavy blow with her mace. However, Rio seemed to be expecting Alma’s movements in advance, as he stepped back easily to avoid her attack. Alma’s mace cut through the air with a sharp sound and bore into the ground; the sound of the soil being pulverized echoed belatedly.</p>

      <p>“W-Wow! But wouldn’t you die if that hit you?!” Masato yelled, flustered at how Alma’s herculean strength didn’t suit her small stature.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine! They’ve enhanced their physical bodies. There’s spirit arts for healing, too,” Arslan explained excitedly.</p>

      <p>Alma easily swung her blunt mace that didn’t suit her build, attempting to land her attacks on Rio. However, she seemed to be lacking in speed, as he easily evaded all of them. That was where Sara came in; she continued to launch her sharp attacks against Rio, covering for Alma’s wider gestures.</p>

      <p>The speed fighter Sara and power fighter Alma — if Rio focused on one of them, the other would come in to back them up, freeing their movements. Their roles were clearly separated, showing splendid coordination. Furthermore, Rio’s mind had to be split across one more opponent.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to join the fun too,” Orphia said, politely interrupting them as she fired a series of light bullets she had spread out around her toward Rio. Their appearance and individual force were identical to the low grade offensive magic of <em>Photon Projectilis</em>, but their trajectory twisted and turned freely instead of moving in a straight line.</p>

      <p>Rio finally burst into a run to avoid the bullets, but Sara and Alma had promptly closed in on both his sides, obstructing his path to safety. At that, Rio immediately stopped evading. He drew the bullets as close to him as possible before stomping down on the ground heavily. No sooner had he done that, a thick dirt wall rose from the ground before him and blocked the light projectiles; he had poured essence into his feet to manipulate the ground with spirit arts.</p>

      <p>However, Sara and Alma instinctually expected the fact that he would defend himself and broke into a run right away, closing in on Rio in a pincer attack. Rio glanced left and right, before thrusting his sword into the ground and choosing to brace himself unarmed. His actions even made Sara and the other onlookers a bit taken aback with surprise.</p>

      <p>Rio didn’t let that moment of weakness escape him. He instantly pulled his sword out of the ground and approached Alma first, moving to intercept her. Alma swung her mace reflexively, but Rio braced his sword sideways and spun his body, using his centrifugal force to swing his sword. Immediately after, Rio’s sword clashed with Alma’s mace, ringing with a tremendous impact.</p>

      <p>Sweat dripped from Alma’s forehead. “To think you’d directly challenge a dwarf like me in a test of strength...” Dwarves boasted the highest level of monstrous strength among the spirit folk species, but she and Rio were completely equal in power just now.</p>

      <p>“That’s because you’re a girl. I can’t afford to lose in a test of strength.” Rio smiled with a chuckle. By effortlessly withdrawing his sword, he cleverly threw Alma off balance.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Kya?!”</p>

      <p>When she lost her balance, Alma let out a cute sound that was normally unheard from her. She just barely managed to swing her mace, but Rio stepped deeply into her personal space and reached a hand out to gracefully parry her mace, snatching it and flinging it far away.</p>

      <p>“Uh?!”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>