<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: A Chance Meeting and Welcome</h1>

      <p>It was Year 1000 of the Holy Era, in early spring.</p>

      <p>A giant eagle-like bird was soaring through the skies above the spirit folk village; it was Ariel, the contract spirit of Orphia, the high elf girl. Four girls in total were riding on Ariel’s back.</p>

      <p>“Orphia, faster! Faster!” Latifa, the werefox, urged Orphia to make Ariel move faster.</p>

      <p>“Got it. Ariel, if you’d please,” Orphia ordered Ariel, smiling with amusement. With a great flap of her wings, Ariel accelerated her flight speed.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Latifa — there’s no need to rush. It’s not like Rio’s going to run away,” Sara, the silver werewolf who was also riding on Ariel, said with an exasperated face.</p>

      <p>“But I want to be the first one to greet Onii-chan!” Latifa pouted her lips cutely.</p>

      <p>“There he is.” The dwarf girl Alma, who had been silently watching the ground from Ariel’s back as they moved, spotted the people they were looking for and pointed toward them. There in the distance stood five boys and girls — Rio and his guests.</p>

      <p><em>Onii-chan.</em> <em>And those people must be...</em> Latifa enhanced her vision with spirit arts and focused her eyes on all of their faces. Rio and the others must have noticed their approach, as they were all looking back.</p>

      <p>“The peach-haired girl seems to be Lady Aishia. Ariel is drawing back a little,” Orphia said in awe.</p>

      <p>“My Hel is also acting a little weird. Is it because of Lady Aishia? Alma, how about your Ifritah?”</p>

      <p>“Same here. I’m not surprised — she <em>is</em> a humanoid spirit. Her rank really must be high.” Sara and Alma also seemed to feel the abnormality from their contract spirits residing within them in spirit form.</p>

      <p>As they were speaking, Ariel closed the distance to Rio’s group. Once they arrived in the skies above him, they began to slowly circle the area and lower their altitudes.</p>

      <p>Latifa fidgeted impatiently while waiting for the landing, then jumped off Ariel’s back while they were still a fair distance above the ground.</p>

      <p>“Ah, hey! Hold it right there, Latifa! Good grief!” Sara immediately noticed and yelled for her to stop, but Latifa had already landed on the ground. She adjusted her balance and set her eyes on Rio before she took a small breath and burst into an energetic dash.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back, Onii-chan!”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, there. I’m back, Latifa.” Rio caught Latifa gently, killing the force of her impact. Miharu, Aki, and Masato stared at the two of them, having been somewhat taken by surprise.</p>

      <p>“Ehehe,” Latifa grinned shyly. Ariel landed right beside them, and Sara, Orphia, and Alma all jumped down to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Geez, Latifa. You know it’s dangerous to jump from so high up, right?” Sara scolded Latifa with a hand placed against her hip.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine! I made sure to enhance my physical body beforehand.”</p>

      <p>“Geez! ...Oh, forgive my rudeness!” Sara was about to launch into one of her lectures when she noticed the eyes fixed on her. She bowed her head in a fluster, then cleared her throat with a small cough. She smiled brightly to hide her embarrassment and addressed Miharu and the others.</p>

      <p>“Welcome to the spirit folk village — we are pleased to have you here.”</p>

      <p>Rio chuckled. “This is Sara. She’s a werebeast of the silver wolf variety and from one of the more prominent families in the village.”</p>

      <p>“It’s nice to meet you. I’m Sara,” she greeted with a faint blush to her cheeks.</p>

      <p>“This is the high elf Orphia, and next to her is Alma, a dwarf. Both of them are from prominent families in the village, just like Sara,” Rio continued.</p>

      <p>“Nice to meet you.”</p>

      <p>“It’s a pleasure.”</p>

      <p>Orphia and Alma both bowed politely in greeting.</p>

      <p>“Umm, my name is Ayase Miharu. Pleased to make your acquaintance,” Miharu replied rather nervously.</p>

      <p>“I’m Sendo Aki. Nice to meet you,” Aki greeted awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Whoa... They’re real.” Masato let out a squeaky noise as he stared at Sara and the others in a captivated daze.</p>

      <p>“...You introduce yourself properly, too,” Aki said, poking Masato in the head roughly.</p>

      <p>“O-Oww, that hurts. What’s your problem, Aki?” Masato complained as he held a hand up to where he was poked, but Aki didn’t bother responding to him.</p>

      <p>“Please accept my apologies — this is my foolish brother, Masato. As you can see, he is lacking in many areas, but he doesn’t mean anything by it. I would appreciate it if you treat him with some level of tolerance,” Aki explained and bowed her head at Sara and the others in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Fufu, that’s all right,” Orphia nodded with a giggle. Rio looked at the three Japanese visitors and introduced them to Latifa, who was still in his arms.</p>

      <p>“This is Latifa. We’re not related by blood, but she’s my beloved little sister. She should be the same age as Aki.”</p>

      <p>“I’m Latifa. Onii-chan’s little sister, and a werefox. Pleased to meet you.” Latifa adjusted her posture and bowed to them with a bashful smile, then raised her head and glanced at Miharu and Aki’s faces.</p>

      <p>“Hello, Latifa. It’s wonderful meeting you,” Miharu said, returning Latifa’s grin.</p>

      <p>“...Yes,” Latifa nodded hesitantly, enchanted by Miharu’s smile.</p>

      <p>“Now, I’ll introduce this girl to Sara and the others. You may have figured it out already, but this is my contract spirit, Aishia. Aishia, can you introduce yourself to them?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“Hello. I’m Aishia,” she said simply.</p>

      <p>“It’s an honor to finally make your acquaintance, Lady Aishia. On behalf of all the spirit folk, we welcome you to our village.” Sara, Orphia, and Alma all kneeled respectfully where they stood. In response to their reverent reaction, Aishia tilted her head curiously. Miharu and the others also seemed taken aback.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>