<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter22"><div class="main">

      <p>Masato froze on the spot; he belatedly realized there was a sword tip pointed at his throat and gulped nervously. If they had been using real swords, the tip would have been a few millimeters from piercing his skin.</p>

      <p>“Your swings are inadequate. Letting go of your sword is out of the question. Pick it up and attack again. Once more, from the start,” Rio stated, pulling his sword away as he widened his distance from Masato.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah...” Masato remained standing in a daze.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong? Pick it up already. The battle resumes now.”</p>

      <p>“Uh...” At Rio’s hostile tone, Masato timidly picked up the sword, but the fear of having the sword tip pointed at his throat still remained, making it hard for him to move.</p>

      <p>“...Masato. If this were a real battle, I would have moved long ago.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...” Masato cowered with a nod, his usual good-humored manner of speech nowhere to be seen. Despite that, he still seemed to have some fighting spirit left in him, as he picked up the sword, trembling.</p>

      <p>“You’re drawing back too much. Your grip is still off, too.” Rio walked up to him, then swung his sword harshly to send Masato’s sword flying. It spun through the air before stabbing into the ground.</p>

      <p>“Again. One more time. Pick it up,” Rio ordered mercilessly.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Uh...” Masato groaned in a voice that nearly vanished.</p>

      <p>“Hurry,” Rio said, making Masato flinch in surprise and pick his sword up. With another careless swing, he knocked Masato’s sword away once again.</p>

      <p>“Again. Pick it up,” Rio ordered flatly.</p>

      <p>Every time Masato picked up his sword, Rio would send it flying, sometimes pointing his sword tip at his throat. He continuously tormented Masato with his demand to fight again and again.</p>

      <p>As the onlookers, Miharu and the others watched on with pained expressions. Aki especially, whose body gradually trembled harder as her expression twisted with the desire to speak up. However, even as that was happening, a change was certainly occurring within Masato. Despite being knocked down again and again, Masato’s fighting spirit was stimulated and he slowly began to get worked up.</p>

      <p>“Uraaargh!” He gradually started to yell as he swung his sword, but even then, he was scared — or maybe frustrated — as his face poured with snot and tears while he attacked Rio. His movements seemed to be getting slightly better from watching and copying Rio’s actions, at least.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. Your shield can also be used as a blunt weapon, but don’t swing it recklessly. You’ll create a blind spot for yourself.” Rio drove his sword sharply into the blind spot Masato created by swinging his shield wildly.</p>

      <p>The tip of his sword pointed at Masato’s throat. “Again,” Rio ordered in a short tone, and regrouped.</p>

      <p>“Uugh,” Masato groaned in frustration.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, Haruto!” Aki yelled in a loud voice.</p>

      <p>“...What?” Rio turned his gaze toward Aki, his tone devoid of all emotion.</p>

      <p>Aki faltered for a moment, then stared directly back at Rio and answered. “Uh... Ah, no... Umm, isn’t that enough? I think Masato’s understood enough about the frame of mind needed for real combat at this point.” It showed how much she treasured Masato despite all their usual bickering and insults.</p>

      <p>Rio shook his head bluntly. “No, not yet. We’re only just finished warming up.”</p>

      <p>Aki refused to back down. “B-But Masato’s at his limit! You’re just bullying him like this!” she said, pointing at Masato. His breathing was harsh and his complexion was pale, and both his legs trembled fiercely. Rio sighed quietly.</p>

      <p>“Masato, do you want to give up?” he asked. A silence suddenly fell over everyone present as their attention gathered on Masato.</p>

      <p>“I’ll...” Masato murmured, then raised his voice. “I’ll do this!” he yelled with intensity, fixing his gaze on Rio.</p>

      <p>“Masato, you...” A sour expression crossed Aki’s face. She wanted to say more, but Masato’s glare made her close her mouth.</p>

      <p>“I see. As long as Masato desires it, I won’t ease up.” Rio shook his head slowly, his expression emotionless.</p>

      <p>“...I apologize for interrupting. Please take care of Masato.” Aki’s face was woeful as she bowed her head at Rio and spoke in a shaking voice. Her eyes were filled with frustrated tears.</p>

      <p>“...Got it. Let’s resume this, Masato.” Rio nodded, immediately returning to the battle.</p>

      <p>Ten minutes later, Masato was lying face up on the floor, mentally and physically drained to the core. “Hah... Hah...” He attempted to pick up his sword once more, but his body refused to budge.</p>

      <p>“...That’s enough, Masato. It’s over. You did well,” Rio informed Masato gently, letting the strength drain from his own body.</p>

      <p>Masato scraped together the energy to speak. “Is it... hah... hah... over? I can... still... go on.”</p>

      <p>“It’s all right. I know how strong your heart is now, so I’ll be teaching you swordcraft properly from tomorrow onward,” Rio declared.</p>

      <p>“R-Really? I-I did it.” Masato must have been relieved, as his whole body relaxed and he slumped his full weight against the ground.</p>

      <p>“...I’m sorry. I may have been a little harsh,” Rio said with an apologetic look.</p>

      <p>“Haha... I thought so too. But it was for my sake, right? Thanks to that, I know just how naive I was. Thanks, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“...You’ll become a good swordsman, Masato.”</p>

      <p>“That’s because you’ll be my teacher, Haruto.” Masato nodded, giggling.</p>

      <p>“Really, now...” Rio huffed with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Looks like that’s settled, then. You were wonderful, Masato,” Sara said.</p>

      <p>“Yup. You were really cool,” Orphia added.</p>

      <p>“That wasn’t a test that just anyone could pass. You should feel proud of yourself,” Alma said, adding to the praise.</p>

      <p>“Masato, good work.”</p>

      <p>“...Well done, Masato.” Miharu and Aki also called out to him.</p>

      <p>“You did it, Masato. Rio’s training was no walk in the park, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Right? He was way harsher than the instructor I had!”</p>

      <p>“You stood before Onii-chan face to face. I think you should be proud.”</p>

      <p>Arslan, Vera, and Latifa gave Masato words of encouragement and praise, too.</p>

      <p>“Hehe, everyone... Thank you. —Ow, that hurts, Aki.” Masato looked up at them and thanked them; his face was as bright as the clear and sunny sky. But when Aki struck him on the head, he pouted his lips.</p>

      <p>“It’s your fault for worrying me with your recklessness.”</p>

      <p>“Heh, so you were worried for me?”</p>

      <p>“Shuddup.” Aki prodded Masato in the head once more.</p>

      <p>Rio watched the siblings’ exchange. “Let’s make Masato’s favorite foods tonight, to celebrate,” he suggested.</p>

      <p>“Ah, that’s a good idea,” Orphia agreed. “Let’s have a party! Miharu, we can cook together.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, I’d love to.”</p>

      <p>“Eeh, that’s not fair! I want to join in too. Make us meat patties!”</p>

      <p>“Me too! I want to eat spaghetti!”</p>

      <p>Arslan and Vera voiced their desire to join in.</p>

      <p>“Hey, it’s not your favorite foods they’ll be cooking, you know?” Sara stated with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Ehehe, then I want to go to the hot springs with everyone after dinner,” Latifa suggested with a happy laugh.</p>

      <p>“That sounds good. The sparring matches earlier did make us sweat a bit,” Alma nodded, interested.</p>

      <p><em>Haruto, you worked hard today.</em> Aishia’s voice echoed in the back of Rio’s mind.</p>

      <p><em>...Aishia?</em> Rio looked around his surroundings in surprise, but he didn’t see Aishia anywhere; he figured that was because she was in her spirit form, but...</p>

      <p><em>Dryas taught me how to communicate with my contract partner through long distance telepathy.</em> <em>I’m to your left right now, but I can communicate within a one kilometer radius.</em> <em>Focus on the path that connects us and look my way.</em></p>

      <p>Rio moved his eyes as ordered, then spotted Aishia at the corner of the square.</p>

      <p><em>...So that’s what you mean.</em> <em>Is this okay?</em> Rio immediately replied to Aishia through telepathy.</p>

      <p><em>It’s good.</em></p>

      <p><em>Have you finished talking with Dryas already?</em></p>

      <p><em>Yup. We finished talking for today, so I came to find you.</em></p>

      <p><em>I see. Will you tell me what you talked about later?</em></p>

      <p><em>Of course. We’ll talk then.</em></p>

      <p>While the people around him made merry, Aishia’s gentle voice echoed in the back of Rio’s head. That was enough to fill his chest with a strange warmth, healing him.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>That night, Rio and the others prepared an extravagant meal and held a dinner party to celebrate Masato’s ability to overcome the practical test. However, Masato was so exhausted, he fell asleep right away.</p>

      <p>Afterward, Rio offered to watch the house as Masato snoozed away in his room, while the girls — excluding Aishia — headed for the hot springs near the town hall that they had reserved. With Rio and Masato remaining in the house, Arslan went home by himself. Aishia passed on the hot springs as she wanted to sleep, since spirits could remain clean even without bathing anyway.</p>

      <p>After seeing the girls off at the door, Rio returned to the living room alone. Everyone had cleaned up after their meal together, so he didn’t have anything in particular to do.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia seems to have fallen asleep...</em> <em>I guess I’ll take a bath, too. Better go get a change of clothes.</em></p>

      <p>Rio stretched lightly to relieve his stiff body before heading to his room. He turned on the artifact-powered light in his room and entered.</p>

      <p>“Haruto,” Aishia said, suddenly materializing beside Rio.</p>

      <p>Rio’s eyes widened slightly. “...You’re still awake.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I have something to tell you.” Aishia nodded.</p>

      <p>“Oh, right... About the required knowledge of a spirit that Dryas told you about?”</p>

      <p>“That, and about you, too.”</p>

      <p>“...Me?” Rio responded in surprise.</p>

      <p>Aishia nodded, peering at Rio’s face closely. “Yeah, because you’re feeling a little sad. Are you okay?”</p>

      <p>“That’s not true... Why do you ask?” Rio swallowed his breath, watching Aishia back.</p>

      <p>“Because you showed everyone a side of yourself that you didn’t want them to see,” Aishia stated without any hesitance at all, as though it was obvious.</p>

      <p>“...Why do you think that?” Rio asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“I told you in the beginning: I know everything about Haruto,” Aishia asserted in response. By the “beginning,” she probably meant the first time she woke up in the rock house. Rio’s eyes widened with shock.</p>

      <p>“I see... So I guess there’s nothing I can hide from you, Aishia...” he said, disappointed. He let a bitter smile show through his facade.</p>

      <p>“Yeah.”</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, of course you’d say that. I just want to ask one thing. Was I acting weird after the mock battle?”</p>

      <p>Aishia shook her head. “You looked normal from the outside... But deep in your heart, you weren’t.”</p>

      <p>“It’s all right. It’s fine, Aishia.” Rio said as though he was convincing himself, shaking his head slowly, but Aishia suddenly walked forward.</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to act strong in front of me,” she said, hugging Rio gently.</p>

      <p>“?!” Rio froze stiff with a flinch.</p>

      <p>“Even if it’s fine, I want to hear it. What Haruto is feeling, what Haruto is thinking,” Aishia whispered by Rio’s ear.</p>

      <p>The strength in Rio’s body gave out as he sighed. Aishia’s warmth was so comforting — his heart felt completely at ease.</p>

      <p>“...I do feel like I showed them something I didn’t want them to see. The truth is, I didn’t want to show them that. But if they want to live in this world, then I believe there are things they need to see. <em>The violent and cruel side of humans,</em>” Rio added after a moment with a mumble at the end.</p>

      <p>“Was the reason why you didn’t want to show them because it was Miharu, Aki, and Masato?” Aishia asked, seeing through him.</p>

      <p>“...That’s right. I wonder what they think of how I acted today... It’s possible that I scared them. When I imagine that, my chest kind of hurts.” Rio nodded, voicing a feeble whine he would have never revealed to anyone else. “But... it’s fine,” he said with a smile of resignation, as though he had sensed something.</p>

      <p>It was true that Miharu and the others had yet to scrape the surface of this world’s values, but Rio believed it was better that way. Ignorantly believing in peace would expose them to danger, so a certain amount of exposure was necessary... but there was no need to submerge them in it. That was why they only needed to know enough to understand that they couldn’t always wander through the world with only idealistic thoughts in their minds.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>