<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter23"><div class="main">

      <p>Rio didn’t want to force that role on anyone else. That was why he thought teaching Masato swordcraft was the perfect opportunity; humans revealed the ugliest side of themselves when they were fighting, so if anything, it was a little better to cause them to feel fear. Not to mention —</p>

      <p>The worlds we live in are different.</p>

      <p>That was right — they lived in different worlds. He could no longer turn back, and the visitors to this world still had the possibility of being able to return to Earth. That’s why Rio believed this was for the best.</p>

      <p>“I will always be with you, Haruto. I’ll accept all of you,” Aishia said, hugging Rio even tighter.</p>

      <p>“...Thank you.” Rio hugged Aishia back softly and awkwardly. </p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Thirty minutes later, Miharu was thinking about Rio as she sank into the water of the hot spring.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll have to thank Haruto again sometime.</em></p>

      <p>Of course, she was thinking about the situation with Masato. He respected Masato’s own will, faced him seriously in battle, and agreed to teach him how to use a sword. When Masato first said he wanted to learn swordcraft, Miharu had imagined a vague extension of some kind of sport instead. She hadn’t properly understood that swords and swordcraft were weapons and techniques that were required in a fight for your life. Perhaps, if it was Haruto — the Haruto that had memories of life in Japan — then Miharu believed that he would have been able to teach swordcraft from the perspective of a sport.</p>

      <p>But Haruto didn’t — Rio didn’t — do that.</p>

      <p>He clearly explained why swords and swordcraft existed, then challenged what Masato wanted to do. He must have thought that it would have been unfortunate for Masato to live in this world thinking of swordcraft as a type of sport. Miharu could keenly feel the amount of thought that Rio had put into Masato, as well as the rest of them.</p>

      <p><em>Even though I should be pulling myself together, I’m still relying on Haruto for everything.</em></p>

      <p>Miharu’s face fell with shame. Rather than pulling herself together, she had been unreliable, and constantly needing Rio’s support. She hadn’t done anything for Aki and Masato, as their elder. The fact that she felt pathetic was inevitable.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t do anything about swordcraft myself, but...</em> <em>Yes — the least I can do is make sure I support Haruto properly.</em></p>

      <p>Miharu nodded firmly, having made her decision.</p>

      <p><em>For now, I have to find something I can do...</em> Rio was the kind of person who could do anything flawlessly, so it was difficult to find something she could do for him. Miharu groaned quietly.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Miharu?” Latifa, who had already been soaking in the bathtub, asked her with a tilt of her head.</p>

      <p>Surprised, Miharu shook her head. “Huh? Ah, umm. It’s nothing.”</p>

      <p>“...Were you thinking about Onii-chan, maybe?” Latifa asked, as though she had seen right through Miharu’s thoughts.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm... Yeah. How did you know?” Miharu’s eyes widened.</p>

      <p>“Ehehe, because I was thinking of him too,” Latifa said, nodding confidently.</p>

      <p>“You’re always thinking about Rio, Latifa,” Sara said in an exasperated tone, as she’d been listening to them.</p>

      <p>“Heh. Don’t you also think about Rio at a fairly frequent rate, Sara?” Alma quipped, jumping into the conversation without a moment’s delay.</p>

      <p>“I-I may have been doing so just now, but it doesn’t happen frequently.” Sara shook her head in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Fufu, were you thinking of the Rio we saw earlier today? I was too,” Orphia said with a smile; she was submerged in the tub. Then Sara looked at Miharu, Latifa, Orphia, and Alma, the four girls who were in the bathtub with her.</p>

      <p>“I guess we were all thinking the same thing,” she said with a small sigh.</p>

      <p>“Hmph! I was thinking about Rio too, you know?” Vera pouted her lips as she spoke up. Aki nodded hesitantly beside her.</p>

      <p>“Well, me too... I mean, about that mock battle between Masato and Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“Then, what did you two think after seeing that battle today?” Sara asked Vera and Aki, watching their expressions.</p>

      <p>“I... umm. Honestly, I was scared. I almost thought Masato was going to get killed,” Aki said with a pained expression.</p>

      <p>“I had chills running down my spine. His intensity was amazing, even though I was just an onlooker,” Vera agreed, shuddering.</p>

      <p>“It’s a rite of passage. It’s all in order to understand that sometimes, you need to be relentless before your opponent’s death. It might be drastic, but it’s a necessary experience in order to become a warrior. You have to learn this, so it’s better to do it earlier and in the safest situation possible,” Sara said with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>“So if a war begins, every warrior in this village will turn to what Haruto was like today?” Aki asked timidly.</p>

      <p>“...No, not everyone can show the same amount of vigor that Rio can — only the warriors who have crossed the line of life and death before.”</p>

      <p>“Ahaha. I felt overwhelmed by it, even though I was just watching from the sidelines.”</p>

      <p>“Right. It gives me chills to imagine what would have happened if Rio had fought us in that state when he first wandered into this village with Latifa.”</p>

      <p>Sara, Orphia, and Alma — the three girls who sometimes had to become warriors — each voiced their thoughts.</p>

      <p>“...Does that mean Haruto has overcome that much carnage on the battlefield?” Aki asked, swallowing.</p>

      <p>“In a place we don’t know, probably.” Sara nodded with a serious expression.</p>

      <p><em>When we first arrived in this world, the slave trader who kidnapped us seemed to be really afraid of Rio too. Did he see it too? The Rio from today...</em> Aki suddenly imagined, an indescribable chill running down her spine. She felt too irrationally scared to think any more than that.</p>

      <p>Unconvinced, Vera turned to question Latifa. “Hmm, while it wasn’t a Rio that <em>we</em> were familiar with... Did you recognize that side of him, Latifa?”</p>

      <p>Latifa shook her head, a fleeting smile on her face. “Nope, I didn’t either. But to me, Onii-chan is Onii-chan. Nothing has changed. What about you, Miharu?” she asked. Miharu had been silently lost in her own thoughts. Miharu seemed to search inside herself for her feelings before agreeing with Latifa.</p>

      <p>“Hm? Yeah, I agree with Latifa. Even if there’s a side of him I don’t know, Haruto is still Haruto. I don’t think that will change.”</p>

      <p>The Rio that had faced Masato was certainly colder and scarier than she ever imagined he could be from his usual self. However, even then, there was something sad and lonely about him. Strangely, that didn’t make him feel like a different person to Miharu. Perhaps it would be better to say that the Rio Miharu knew hadn’t changed at his core.</p>

      <p>That being said, when she thought about that Rio, something strange within her chest stirred, as though he was somewhere far away, despite being right nearby. With that as her only concern, Miharu gave a pained smile.</p>

      <p>“Ehehe, I see. Then you’re just like me.” Latifa nodded happily.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah, just like you.” This time, Miharu was able to smile happily, and the painful stirring in her chest quieted down a little.</p>

      <p>“I see. That’s true — Rio is still Rio. I think I understand now!” Vera also seemed to comprehend something, beaming widely.</p>

      <p>“Hmph, it feels like you took the spotlight off that moment.” Sara pouted a little in protest.</p>

      <p>“Fufu. Then that means you’re thinking the same thing. I am too,” Orphia said, smiling gently with amusement.</p>

      <p>Caught off guard, Sara blushed deeply. “Ugh...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, Sara’s embarrassed.” Alma grinned.</p>

      <p>“Hmph!” Sara turned away to hide her embarrassment, the others all watching her before breaking into giggles. Sara groaned and ducked her head, cheeks turning all the more scarlet.</p>

      <p>“Fufufu, this is fun. If only Aishia came along too,” Latifa said, a happy smile on her face.</p>

      <p>“She’s probably turned into her spirit form and snoozing away inside Haruto right now, though she’ll sometimes turn into her physical form in her sleep and end up burying into Rio’s bed,” Aki remembered, her lips tugging upward in a grin as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“Eeh, really?! That’s not fair. I want to sleep in the same bed with him!” Latifa exclaimed with jealousy.</p>

      <p>“Eeh? B-But isn’t Haruto like a brother to you, Latifa? Umm, that is... wouldn’t it be embarrassing? Sleeping together with your brother...” Aki seemed to be imagining herself in Latifa’s place, her speech awkward.</p>

      <p>“Huh? That’s not true. I want to bathe together with him, too,” Latifa replied passionately.</p>

      <p>“B-Bathe?! Nope nope nope! Never! No matter what, that’s impossible!” Aki shook her head with a bright red face. Seeing her reaction, Latifa peered closely at her expression.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Do you have a brother too, Aki?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Yeah, I do. His name’s Takahisa.”</p>

      <p>“Huh, really...” Latifa hummed and stared off into the distance.</p>

      <p>“Speaking of Lady Aishia, there’s one thing I’m curious about...” Sara began hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong?” Aki asked.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, don’t you think Aishia sticks too closely to Rio?” Sara said, watching the expressions around her.</p>

      <p>Orphia’s elf ears twitched in interest. “Ah, that thought crossed my mind too.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that’s true. Though I’m used to it by now...” Aki agreed with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“Has she been like that ever since you were in the Strahl region?” Alma asked, also intrigued.</p>

      <p>They all mutually agreed on this fact because Aishia was always beside Rio. For example, they would stand next to each other as though snuggling up, and their hands and bodies would constantly make contact. It wasn’t as though Rio was pampering her, but it came across as something more natural — and it ended up catching the eyes of everyone around them.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. But doesn’t Latifa also cling to Haruto a lot?” Miharu said with a tilt of her head, but Sara immediately shook her head.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s something different from a sibling relationship...”</p>

      <p>“Right. It’s hard to put it into words, but there’s something peculiar in the air between them,” Alma said, nodding.</p>

      <p>“Rio’s a gentleman, so he usually maintains an appropriate amount of distance from her,” Orphia added.</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s it!” Sara jumped with fierce agreement. “Even though he’s like that, Lady Aishia gets special treatment, almost like it’s only natural for her to be attached to him so much.”</p>

      <p>The girls continued to chat and gossip excitedly until they were done soaking their bodies.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The next morning, after Rio finished eating breakfast, he shut himself in his room to be alone, stating that he had work to finish. Furthermore, Sara, Orphia, and Alma had business to take care of in the town hall, so they went out, while Latifa, Aki, and Masato had made promises to meet with Vera and Arslan outside to play together.</p>

      <p>As a result, Miharu and Aishia were the only ones left in the living room.</p>

      <p>“So the three of us are watching the house. It feels kind of refreshing... And it’s been a while since I’ve been alone with Ai-chan.” Miharu sat on the sofa and faced Aishia, grinning happily as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“Should we call Haruto here to join us?”</p>

      <p>“Fufu, we can’t. I’m sure that’d be fun, but Haruto has things to do in his room.”</p>

      <p>“Okay... Then it’s just the two of us. What’ll we talk about?” Aishia nodded, then cocked her head to the side.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Oh, I know. Can I ask you a question? Since it’s just the two of us, I wanted to ask you something about Haruto...” Miharu said, remembering something she wanted to bring up.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Haruto agreed to officially teach Masato swordcraft, right? That was why I wanted to thank him for that, as well as for taking care of us on a daily basis. So I was wondering if there was anything I could do for him.”</p>

      <p>A faint contemplative look fell over Aishia’s face before she shook her head slowly. “...I don’t think Haruto wants you to thank him for that, though.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... I know that, but I want to do something. It may simply be for my own satisfaction, but if Haruto could be happy...” Miharu placed a hand against her chest as she voiced her inner thoughts.</p>

      <p>“I think Haruto would be really happy if you told him those feelings,” Aishia suggested, catching Miharu off guard and making her flustered.</p>

      <p>“Huh? T-That’s too embarrassing, saying it so directly... I’d rather do it in a way that involved some kind of gift or action, so that’s why I’m discussing it with you, Ai-chan.”</p>

      <p>“...If it’s something from you, then Haruto will be happy no matter what.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think that’s true. Haruto can do anything by himself, so I can’t think of what I should do for him. All I ever do is hold him back...” Miharu said, her face falling with sadness.</p>

      <p>“You’re wrong.” Aishia shook her head bluntly.</p>

      <p>“Eh?”</p>

      <p>“It’s true that Haruto can do many things by himself, but being by yourself is lonely. Having support is essential. Haruto would definitely be happy to have your support. That’s why, Miharu, you should support Haruto,” Aishia said eloquently in response to Miharu’s expression of wonder.</p>

      <p>Miharu blinked in surprise for a few moments, before a gentle smile spread across her face. “...Yeah. Okay,” she nodded quietly.</p>

      <p>“Good.” Aishia also gave a soft smile.</p>

      <p>“Fufu, I’m glad I talked to you after all, Ai-chan. You really know Haruto well.”</p>

      <p>“You should know him well, too, Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? I don’t think so...” Miharu tilted her head curiously at Aishia’s words. “Do you know what would make Haruto happy?”</p>

      <p>“...Hearing Miharu’s feelings.”</p>

      <p>“Ugh, I told you that was too embarrassing. If it was just thanking him for everything he does every day, and that I wanted to repay him, then I guess...”</p>

      <p>“...Then, will you hug Haruto?” Aishia suggested, cocking her head.</p>

      <p>“T-That’s even more embarrassing! No way!” Miharu yelled in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Then you should make him a delicious meal for lunch of all his favorite foods.”</p>

      <p>“Lunch... Lunch, huh? I’m always making that... But what are Haruto’s favorites?” Miharu asked.</p>

      <p>“...Omelet rice. Back when Haruto was still on Earth, he loved that food as a child,” Aishia answered simply.</p>

      <p>Miharu had a somewhat distant look in her eyes for a moment before coming to an enthusiastic decision. “Omelet rice, I see... Okay, I’ll try making it!”</p>

      <p>“I want to help, too. Teach me how to make it the Miharu way,” Aishia requested. Since she had helped out with the cooking quite often when they had lived in the rock house together, Aishia was now able to make a few things, too, though not as well as the other two girls. She was still in training, one could say.</p>

      <p>“Yup, of course. Let’s make a few other things together, too!” Miharu agreed cheerfully.</p>

      <p>Thus, Miharu and Aishia started cooking together. They decided on making a stew, a salad, and cake for dessert, before quickly making their way to the kitchen.</p>

      <p>The two girls put on their matching aprons and chose to bake the cake first. After the preliminary preparations were done, they poured the ingredients for a sponge cake batter into a wooden bowl. Aishia followed Miharu’s instructions and mixed the ingredients thoroughly. Once the flour was mixed well and the batter had a springy texture to it, Miharu added the butter she had warmed beforehand into the bowl with milk, then directed Aishia to stir it together. “Yup, I think that’s enough. We’ll add some warm butter and milk into it... Okay, now try mixing it lightly. Your aim is to give the batter a sheen.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.” Aishia obediently mixed the contents of the bowl as ordered.</p>

      <p>“...Yup, that looks like enough. Next, we’ll pour it into this mold. Make sure no air gets into the batter. Don’t do it too low, and go slowly...” Miharu gently guided Aishia’s hands that were holding onto the bowl.</p>

      <p>“Like this?” Once Aishia poured the batter into the mold, Miharu placed the now-filled mold into the oven with practiced hands.</p>

      <p>“Yes, just like that. Once we bake it for 40 minutes, the sponge will be complete. ...And there we go. In the meantime, let’s make the stew.”</p>

      <p>Thus, the two of them cooked together while chatting happily with each other. After a fair amount of time had passed, Miharu took a chance to suddenly ask Aishia a question.</p>

      <p>“...Hey, Ai-chan.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“You’ve forgotten everything from before you first woke up, but you still remembered your contract partner. You knew about Haruto, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah.” Aishia gave a short nod.</p>

      <p>“Umm, then... What kind of person is the Haruto that you knew, Ai-chan? Exactly the same person as the one you know now?” Miharu asked hesitantly, gauging Aishia for her reaction.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>