<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter24"><div class="main">

      <p>After a beat, Aishia responded quietly. “...Haruto is Haruto. Cowardly, with no confidence, trapped by his own past, and at a loss for what to do. Despite that, he’s a strong person that tries to do the right thing and move forward.”</p>

      <p>When Miharu heard the abstract description of Rio’s persona, she smiled rather sadly. “You know so much about Haruto that I don’t know...”</p>

      <p>“Maybe. But the Haruto that Miharu knows well exists, too.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really?” Miharu tilted her head with uncertainty.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. You just haven’t realized it,” Aishia declared confidently.</p>

      <p>Miharu’s eyes widened in surprise before she smiled with amusement. “Fufu, you speak with such confidence, Ai-chan.”</p>

      <p>“...That’s because I want Miharu to accept Haruto,” Aishia said, fixing her gaze on Miharu.</p>

      <p>“I see... Okay.” Miharu ducked her head shyly before giving a small nod, then swiftly went back to cooking to hide her embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Are we done talking, then?” Aishia asked.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. Sorry for asking something so weird.” Miharu nodded with a smile.</p>

      <p>After that, their time cooking together went well. Then, just as they had nearly finished the dishes, Rio appeared in the living room, immediately noticing the delicious scent wafting from the kitchen.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Miharu. Is this the lunch you prepared for me? Oh, and Aishia too,” he said as he walked into the kitchen. When he spotted Miharu and Aishia sporting the same aprons together, his eyes widened faintly.</p>

      <p>“Yes, we were just thinking about coming to call you, Haruto,” Miharu replied with a smile.</p>

      <p>“It’s filled with appreciation and affection for Haruto,” Aishia said monotonously. It was hard to tell whether Aishia was joking or saying that because she seriously believed it.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, we tried our best.” Miharu grinned shyly without denying Aishia’s words.</p>

      <p>“...Umm, thank you very much. Both of you. Is that the smell of stew, by the way?” Rio thanked them with a little embarrassment, before changing the subject to the food prepared.</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes. We’re just about to start the omelet rice.”</p>

      <p>Rio’s expression brightened happily at the mention of omurice. “That sounds good. I was just in the mood for that.”</p>

      <p>“Miharu’s special omelet rice... It’s delicious,” Aishia said, giving her stamp of approval.</p>

      <p>“I-I don’t think it warrants that much praise...” Miharu muttered somewhat uncertainly.</p>

      <p>“No, I really want to try Miharu’s omelet rice, too,” Rio requested somewhat restlessly.</p>

      <p>“Fufu, thank you. Please have a seat and wait there, Haruto.”</p>

      <p><em>He really does seem to love omelet rice, just like Aishia said,</em> Miharu thought with a giggle as she set about cooking.</p>

      <p>In a matter of minutes, the cooking was completed and the freshly made omelet rice was brought out to the table where Rio was waiting, along with the other dishes Miharu and Aishia had made.</p>

      <p>“Here you go.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. Umm... What about you two?” Rio looked up curiously at how they were still standing around after setting the table.</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm. I was hoping to hear your opinion first,” Miharu said shyly.</p>

      <p>“I see... Then I’ll dig in while it’s still hot. If you don’t mind me...” Sensing the situation at hand, Rio took a bite of the omelet rice covered in stew rather shyly. As he chewed, the flavor of the soft-boiled egg mixed with the stew rushed into his mouth. The rice, mixed with the stew, tasted harmonious together.</p>

      <p>“It’s delicious! This is amazing!” Rio said, eyes widening like saucers.</p>

      <p>Miharu sighed with relief. “Really?! I’m glad. Omelet rice is actually the first dish my mother taught me how to cook. After making it so many times, it’s secretly become my specialty dish,” she said happily.</p>

      <p>“I see, so that’s how it is. But why is it a secret?”</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, I just haven’t had any opportunity to make it for anyone outside of my family.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so?” Satisfied, Rio smiled with amusement.</p>

      <p>“Umm, Haruto... Thank you for everything you’ve done,” Miharu said as she peered at his face.</p>

      <p>Rio tilted his head curiously before returning the sentiment. “...Sure? Same here.”</p>

      <p>Aishia watched over the two of them in silence.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Latifa, Aki, and Masato had left the house to meet up with Vera and Arslan. They were currently sitting in a corner of the village square having a picnic as they chatted together.</p>

      <p>Laid out before them were the lunch boxes that Miharu and Orphia had made, as well as the food that Vera’s mother had prepared.</p>

      <p>“Hey Masato, will Rio be teaching you swordcraft today?” Arslan asked as he stuffed his cheeks with sandwiches.</p>

      <p>Masato nodded. “Yeah. He said he’d teach me here in the square in the afternoon.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. If you guys finish early, I’ll ask him to spar with me, too,” Arslan said with a grin.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a long time since I’ve faced Onii-chan in a match. I think I’ll ask him too,” Latifa said, giggling happily.</p>

      <p>“Today, I’ll be asking Sara to face me for the first time in a few days.” Vera seemed to have her mind set on sparring with her sister.</p>

      <p>Aki watched Latifa and Vera closely. <em>Even though the two of them look just like normal girls my age, they’re already taking lessons to become warriors.</em> <em>Aren’t they scared?</em> she wondered to herself.</p>

      <p>“Hm? What’s wrong, Aki?” Vera asked, noticing her expression.</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm... I was just thinking about how everyone’s training like warriors already, even though you’re my age. You all went through the same initiation as Masato and still wanted to fight, right?” Aki voiced the thoughts that had been floating around in her head.</p>

      <p>Latifa hummed in thought before answering Aki’s question. “...Hmm. I don’t think it’s right to say we <em>wanted</em> to fight. And if you asked me whether fighting was scary or not, then I’d say it’s scary to fight.”</p>

      <p>“...Even though it’s scary, you fight?” Aki asked timidly.</p>

      <p>“Yup. Because it’s more scary not having the power to fight back when you need to. Masato said it as well, but I want power to protect my loved ones. It hurts just to stand by and watch,” Latifa said resolutely, smiling at the end of her explanation. Aki watched Latifa’s expression carefully.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. I think the same way as Latifa,” Vera offered.</p>

      <p>“Me too. Well, there are warriors in the village obsessed with battles. Like Uzuma, who enjoys fighting against strong opponents,” Arslan chimed in.</p>

      <p>“The power to protect...” Aki mumbled, looking at Masato.</p>

      <p>“W-What?” Masato asked with a high-pitched voice.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s nothing...” Aki shook her head softly.</p>

      <p>“Fufu, so Masato wants to protect Aki.” Vera guessed at Masato’s intentions with a grin.</p>

      <p>“Wha... N-... Y-You’re wrong!” Masato disagreed with a flushed face.</p>

      <p>“You say that, but your blush is undeniable proof!” Vera said confidently, to which Masato desperately refuted.</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, you’re wrong! You’re totally wrong!”</p>

      <p>“Well, Masato’s feelings aside, there are times where you won’t be able to have your way without power. When it comes down to it, the only one who can protect you is you,” Arslan said, bringing their conversation to an end with a huff of laughter.</p>

      <p>“You’re just retelling what you heard from the warriors, Arslan.” Vera stared at Arslan disapprovingly.</p>

      <p>“Guh. I-It’s no big deal, is it? I have my own thoughts about those words,” Arslan said, turning away in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>Vera cocked her head, not quite satisfied yet. “I get what you’re saying, but hearing it from an amateur like you only has half as much impact.”</p>

      <p>“Ahaha. Then, Aki, let’s say someone precious to you tried to protect you. How would you feel if they put themselves in a dangerous position before you?” Latifa asked with a faint smile.</p>

      <p>“Umm, no, I don’t want that.” Aki was able to imagine it immediately; the first thing that had come to her mind was the sight of Miharu jumping in between her and the mysterious humanoid monsters that tried to attack them in the Strahl region. The next thing that came to mind were her brothers, Takahisa and Masato.</p>

      <p>“Right? That’s why we want the power to protect others. At the very least, I don’t want to be a hindrance to Onii-chan,” Latifa said, smiling a little sadly.</p>

      <p>“I also want the strength to protect and support my sister. That’s why I fight even if I’m scared,” Vera nodded next.</p>

      <p>“...I feel like the fog has cleared a little... I understand how everyone feels now. If it was for Miharu and my brother, I’d fight even if I was scared, too,” she said with a gentle smile. Now she could understand why Masato had wanted to learn swordcraft yesterday; she even felt the same way.</p>

      <p>“Oi, Aki. You mentioned Miharu and Takahisa, but what about me?” Masato asked, pointing at himself in a showy manner.</p>

      <p>“YOU’RE going to protect ME, aren’t you?” Aki giggled happily.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, yeah. Fine, whatever,” Masato replied listlessly, hiding his embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Masato’s feeling shy,” Arslan commented in amusement, with Vera joining in.</p>

      <p>“Aki’s also getting embarrassed at how honestly Masato admitted it.”</p>

      <p>The two siblings both blushed red and fell silent. Seeing their sibling exchange made Latifa giggle, but she felt a small feeling of doubt that was caught on something.</p>

      <p><em>Aki must have meant that Takahisa person she was separated from when she said “my brother.”</em> <em>I wonder... Has she forgotten about Onii-chan?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Miharu and company continued to enjoy their peaceful days in the village. Just like that, over a month and a half had passed in the blink of an eye.</p>

      <p>One day, Rio decided to address everyone who had gathered at the dining table for dinner.</p>

      <p>“I think it’s about time I headed for the Strahl region. It seems like Miharu, Aki, and Masato have become pretty familiar with life in this village now,” he stated.</p>

      <p>“Okay. In that case, you can leave them to us,” Sara said, with Orphia and Alma nodding along at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Yes. It’s thanks to all of you that I can leave without worrying.”</p>

      <p>“Ehehe. Don’t forget I’m here, too, Onii-chan,” Latifa said, tugging on Rio’s sleeve from where she sat to his right.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’m counting on you as well, Latifa,” Rio nodded, offering Latifa a gentle smile.</p>

      <p>With a happy laugh, Latifa’s ears and tail flicked from side to side. “Yup, leave it to me!”</p>

      <p>“And so, I’ll be leaving you three in the care of this village. There may be some developments with regard to the heroes that were summoned, so I’ll investigate those too before I return,” Rio said, looking at Miharu’s group.</p>

      <p>“Yes, please. But... Please make sure you don’t endanger yourself when doing so... Don’t push yourself too hard?” Miharu bowed her head apologetically before looking up at Rio’s expression with worry.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be fine. I’ll be with Haruto,” Aishia said to Miharu, quiet but determined.</p>

      <p>“I see. If Ai-chan is with him, then I’m relieved,” Miharu smiled calmly.</p>

      <p>“Which means Rio and Lady Aishia will be on a journey alone, huh...” Alma murmured. Beside her, Sara’s expression changed with a gasp.</p>

      <p>Orphia was watching their reactions with a smile when she suddenly remembered something. “Come to think of it, you originally went to the Strahl region because you had business there, right? Do you have old acquaintances there?” she asked Rio.</p>

      <p>“Yes. There’s actually a teacher I am greatly indebted to. I wanted to go and see them again,” Rio replied, a faraway look in his eyes filled with fond memories.</p>

      <p>“Was this a teacher from the kingdom that put out arrest warrants for your false accusation...?” Aki guessed, recalling the story Rio had previously told them about.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. It’s my teacher from when I lived in that kingdom.”</p>

      <p>“...Say, Haruto, are you actually a noble?” Masato asked hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“No, I’m not... Why do you ask?”</p>

      <p>“Because you said you were dragged into the mess of some royalty and nobility.”</p>

      <p>“Ah. That’s because certain circumstances led me to attending an academy for nobles.”</p>

      <p>“So your teacher was a noble? Will it be okay for you to visit them?” Masato asked worriedly.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be fine. I have utmost faith in them.” Rio shook his head cheerfully. It was a gesture that showed how much trust he truly had in this person, which was why it caught Sara’s attention. “Umm, Rio... May I ask what kind of person your teacher was?” The others also turned their ears toward the conversation in interest.</p>

      <p>“Despite being fairly young, my teacher was an excellent sorcerer, professor, and researcher. But underneath all that was a warm and kind personality, albeit a little clumsy at times. I stood out in the academy for not being of a noble status, but they were the only one that didn’t discriminate against me.” A gentle smile was fixed on Rio’s face as he thought about Celia and recalled his former teacher’s personality.</p>

      <p>“...When you say fairly young, around how many years old do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“If I recall correctly... Twenty-one years old this year.”</p>

      <p>“That really is young... It’s not too far from me in age. So that means this person started teaching in their early teens?” Sara asked one question after another.</p>

      <p>“Yes. My teacher graduated from the same academy, skipping grades and scoring the highest marks in history. They first started teaching at Masato’s age.”</p>

      <p>“That’s amazing. Your teacher really must be talented,” Sara said. Rio’s answer had made everyone at the table widen their eyes.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, they must be a genius. I can’t even imagine you teaching someone else.”</p>

      <p>“You’re only one year older than me, Aki!” Aki and Masato bickered while glaring at each other, while Sara spoke up with another question.</p>

      <p>“Umm, is your former teacher by any chance a woman...?” she asked fearfully.</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s right. She was the daughter of a count. No, she may already be married into another family by now...” The possibility of Celia being married suddenly crossed Rio’s mind, but he decided the chances were low and smiled wryly. She had often whined that she didn’t want to think about anything other than her research.</p>

      <p>“A count? If I recall correctly, that’s a high ranking noble family in the system that the humans of the Strahl region decided upon. So Rio knew someone like that...” Sara said, quietly humming to herself in contemplation.</p>

      <p>“Typical Onii-chan. Looks like an unexpected obstacle has appeared, huh?” Latifa turned to murmur quietly to Sara and Alma sitting nearby, but she had a somewhat delighted smile on her face. Sara and Alma cleared their throats quickly.</p>

      <p>“...At any rate, there’s no need for you to worry about us, Rio. Please go make your way toward Strahl without any reserve. I pray that you can meet your teacher,” Sara concluded, feigning calmness.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Two days later, in the early morning hours, Rio and Aishia were in the town square, being sent off by a group of their close friends. Once everyone present had more or less all said their goodbyes, Dryas came over.</p>

      <p>“Aishia, make sure you support Rio properly,” she said.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Thank you, Dryas, for teaching me so many things during our stay,” Aishia replied.</p>

      <p>Dryas gave a small shrug of her shoulders. “I simply taught you how to use your power and the fundamental basics of being a humanoid spirit. You’re very talented, so you remembered things quickly.”</p>

      <p>“Allow me to thank you, too, Great Dryas,” Rio spoke up.</p>

      <p>Dryas shook her head in a friendly manner. “It’s fine, it’s fine. However, Aishia seems to be so powerful, it makes it hard for her to suppress her aura when she’s in her physical form. Just keep that in mind. Her aura should be pretty much undetectable when she’s in her spirit form or inside your rock house with the same barrier as the village, though,” she warned. Spirits could detect each others’ presences, and it seemed like Aishia’s was particularly strong.</p>

      <p>“...I’ll remember that, thank you,” Rio nodded with a solemn expression.</p>

      <p>“Well, you don’t need to be too nervous about it. There are barely any stray spirits in the Strahl region, and there aren’t many spirits who would voluntarily approach a higher-ranked spirit, either. You should just let Aishia do as she wants,” Dryas said, smiling gently.</p>

      <p>“Okay,” Rio said with a nod.</p>

      <p>“That’s all I have to say to you. Go and pay attention to those children now,” Dryas giggled, looking over at where Miharu and Sara stood with the others in wait. That was when Latifa jumped forth from the waiting circle.</p>

      <p>“Have a safe trip, Onii-chan!” she exclaimed, hugging him first.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be going now. Everyone, take care of yourselves.” Rio patted Latifa gently on the head before addressing the others.</p>

      <p>“Yes, be careful. Oh, and it seems like Miharu has a present for you?” Sara said cheerfully, looking at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes. Umm, I made this lunchbox, so... Umm, please take it, if you’d like.” Miharu stepped forward shyly and offered a wrapped lunchbox to Rio.</p>

      <p>“...Thank you very much. But when did you have the time for this?” Rio’s eyes widened as he accepted the package.</p>

      <p>“Miharu woke up really early to make it,” Orphia said, grinning as she looked at Miharu. Alma also looked at her with a tranquil gaze.</p>

      <p>“It was a good display of your housewife skills, Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“N-No, not at all. I just figured a lunch would come in handy on a trip...” Miharu shook her head in embarrassment. Rio grinned happily.</p>

      <p>“...I’ll gratefully accept this, Miharu. Thank you.”</p>

      <p>“N-No worries. I hope it suits your tastes,” Miharu said, blushing further.</p>

      <p>“Hohoho. I am most envious, Lord Rio,” Ursula interrupted with a hearty laugh.</p>

      <p>“I’ll say. A sensible woman with good cooking skills is quite the catch, Rio, my boy.” Dominic also burst into hearty laughter as he joined in on what Ursula had to say.</p>

      <p>To hide his embarrassment, Rio lightly brushed off Ursula’s and Dominic’s remarks. “Ahaha, thank you for coming to see me off, too, head elders. I’ll be going now.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, make sure to take care of yourself. May the blessing of the spirits guide your way, Lord Rio... Oh, and Lady Aishia, too. You could say you’ve already been extremely blessed to begin with,” Syldora said, smiling with amusement.</p>

      <p>“Right. <em>Conservo.</em>” With a chuckle, Rio stored away the lunchbox into the Time-Space Cache. Then he looked at Aishia standing beside him. “Shall we go, Aishia? Make sure you stay beside me,” he said.</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me.” Aishia said, quietly but determinedly.</p>

      <p>“All right, we’ll be going, then! Thank you for coming to see us off so early in the morning,” Rio said, then kicked off from the ground and slowly floated up into the sky. Waving his hand, he looked down upon the remaining people below. Aishia soon ascended beside him.</p>

      <p>The two of them continued to raise their altitude until Rio suddenly noticed Miharu looking fixedly up in their direction.</p>

      <p><em>...Miharu.</em></p>

      <p>He didn’t know if she could still see them, but he smiled gently until she was out of sight. Once they rose high enough, Rio turned to Aishia.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Aishia.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah.”</p>

      <p>After Aishia nodded in response, the two of them set off immediately. They accelerated, heading straight in the direction of the Strahl region.</p>

      <p>Down on the ground below, Miharu watched their retreating backs grow smaller and smaller.</p>

      <p><em>Please let Haruto and Ai-chan return safely.</em> She continued to look up at the sky, praying for the safety of their journey for a while after their figures had faded.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>