<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude1">
    <div class="main">
     <h1>Interlude: Talented Woman, Liselotte Cretia</h1>

      <p>Fast-forwarding a little bit in time, in the Strahl region...</p>

      <p>The blue-haired noblewoman, Liselotte Cretia, was hosting four important visitors to her estate in the trading city of Amande — the city she governed — located in the southwest region of the Galarc Kingdom.</p>

      <p>The important visitors were Sakata Hiroaki, the hero summoned into the world three months ago, and three members of Beltrum Kingdom royalty and nobility: Second Princess Flora, Duke Gustav Huguenot, and the noblewoman Roanna Fontaine. Not even Liselotte, daughter to the most prominent lord of the Galarc Kingdom and head of the Ricca Guild — which was renowned even in neighboring kingdoms — could afford to speak out of line in the presence of these guests.</p>

      <p>Once Hiroaki and the others arrived in the afternoon, they were first led to the dining room for a meal and introductions. Numerous courses of gourmet foods were served to the delight of not only Hiroaki, but Flora and the others as well. Liselotte acted as the hostess during the meal, keeping the conversation going so that the group had a pleasant time.</p>

      <p>Once everyone finished dessert, Flora spoke up. “That was a wonderful selection of dishes. The authentic pasta here is different compared to anywhere else, and that cake for dessert was very delicious, too.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... You must have a really skilled chef here. I never expected to eat pasta in another world, but... this I can say for certain: that was the best meal I’ve had since coming to this place,” Hiroaki, who sat next to Flora, said in satisfaction. In all honesty, Hiroaki hadn’t expected much from the food in this world, but he was now reconsidering that perception.</p>

      <p>“Hero, Princess Flora — I am most honored to receive your compliments. Allow me to graciously thank you on behalf of our head chef.” Liselotte bowed her head humbly, showing gratitude with great respect.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you can tell him he’s so good that I’d love to scout him as my personal chef.”</p>

      <p>“I’m afraid that would be a problem for me, but the thought is much appreciated.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, well, it was good enough to make me consider that,” Hiroaki said with a huff of laughter. He had actually eaten two extra servings of pasta, so even if he had said it was bad, it wouldn’t have been very convincing.</p>

      <p>“Fufu, thank you very much. I had heard that the hero hailed from another world, so I was worried that the meal wouldn’t be to your tastes. Your words just now have reassured me,” Liselotte said, smiling brightly with relief.</p>

      <p>For a moment, Hiroaki lost himself in Liselotte’s smile. To hide his embarrassment, he brought up another topic. “Ah, I see. That’s good, then. Pasta is the local specialty of this city, right? There’s actually a similar food in the world I’m from.”</p>

      <p>Flora widened her eyes. “Oh my, is that true?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. We also have lots of other similar plants and animals. Recipes and cooking skills aside, I’m honestly glad to see there isn’t that much difference in the food here,” Hiroaki replied, remembering all the foods he’d eaten since coming to this world.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>