<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 19</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Elemental ☆ Red Riding Hood!</h2>

      <p>In Japan on a Friday, not long after the start of the school term...</p>

      <p>Endou Suzune was a little girl in sixth grade of elementary school. It was springtime.</p>

      <p><em>Ding dong, ding dong</em>.</p>

      <p>As the bell for the end of the school day chimed in the background, Suzune’s pleated skirt fluttered as she ran through the school building, panting excitedly.</p>

      <p>“Bye!” Her destination: the bus stop beside the school gate.</p>

      <p>“All right, I made it in time... Hopefully!”</p>

      <p>There was over five minutes until the next bus. Bus schedules were always unreliable, but she should be safe.</p>

      <p>Suzune normally stayed back in the classroom to chat with her friends after school, but there was a reason why she was in a hurry today. She had made a promise with her older friends to meet on the bus today.</p>

      <p>“I’m at the bus stop now...and send,” she murmured, writing a message to the group chat on her phone. The message was immediately marked as read, and a reply arrived: “We’re almost at your school now.”</p>

      <p>Less than a minute later, the bus arrived.</p>

      <p>“Hi, Haruto, Miharu! And you must be Sara. Hello, it’s nice to meet you. I’m Endou Suzune!”</p>

      <p>There were three passengers sitting together on the bus. Amakawa Haruto and Ayase Miharu were friends of Suzune’s, but she was meeting Sara for the first time today. These three were the people she had promised to meet up with.</p>

      <p>“Hello, Suzune. How do you do?” Sara bowed politely, lowering her head.</p>

      <p>“Wow... Your silver hair is so pretty...” Suzune muttered unthinkingly, enchanted by Sara’s appearance.</p>

      <p>Sara smiled shyly, unsure how to respond. “Umm... Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>“Miharu mentioned it already, but your Japanese is really good,” Suzune commented.</p>

      <p>As her words suggested, Sara wasn’t Japanese. She had transferred to Haruto and Miharu’s high school a few days ago.</p>

      <p>“Thank goodness. That means I’ll be able to participate in the play without issue.”</p>

      <p>“Oh! You’re going to be in the play too, Sara?” Suzune asked happily.</p>

      <p>There was a preschool affiliated with Haruto and Miharu’s high school, which the drama club had once put on a play for. The children had loved it so much, they requested that they put on another show. Haruto and Miharu were participating as members of the student council, and this time, Suzune had a part as well.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I heard you were playing Little Red Riding Hood. I’m going to be playing the wolf, so let’s both do our best together.”</p>

      <p>On top of that, Sara had been given a role as well. The chosen play was Little Red Riding Hood. Satsuki, the student council president, had decided an elementary school student would be better suited for the role than a high school student, so Suzune was asked to take it on.</p>

      <p>“Yup! But if you’re going to be the wolf, I’d rather be friends than enemies.”</p>

      <p>“I’d also like to be friends, but that won’t be good for the play. I’m pretty confident in playing wolves, so make sure you act scared,” Sara said, puffing up her chest proudly.</p>

      <p><em>What does she mean by “confident in playing wolves”? </em>Haruto wondered to himself.</p>

      <p>“Yes! I’ll do my best!” Suzune nodded enthusiastically, unbothered by Sara’s words.</p>

      <p>“You can try on the Red Riding Hood costume once it’s done,” Miharu said to Suzune with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Yay! I can’t wait!”</p>

      <p>In the end, the Little Red Riding Hood play was well received by the preschool. Suzune was a big hit with the children for being so cute, and Sara was a little disappointed that no one found her scary as the wolf role, but that’s a story for another day.</p>

      <h2>Celia’s Morning Bath</h2>

      <p>One day, in the stone house...</p>

      <p>Celia Claire was having an early morning.</p>

      <p>“Mmm...” she yawned, sitting up in bed and stretching.</p>

      <p><em>That was a good sleep...</em></p>

      <p>Celia wasn’t really a morning person, but she felt rather refreshed today. Going to bed early last night had done wonders. She climbed out of bed and made her way over to the window, opening it to look outside.</p>

      <p>A cool breeze blew in from the window. She normally woke up to the sound of Rio and the others sparring energetically outside, but today, everything was still silent.</p>

      <p><em>The sun hasn’t risen fully yet. It’s a little early for morning training to begin... I wonder if anyone else is up yet.</em></p>

      <p>Celia decided to leave her room.</p>

      <p><em>It doesn’t seem like anyone’s up yet...</em></p>

      <p>The kitchen and living room were still dark.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm... What should I do?</em></p>

      <p>She could stay in her room and read, but it seemed like a waste of a rare morning up early. She thought for a moment.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s right.”</p>

      <p>An idea suddenly came to her, and she started walking towards the bathroom in high spirits. She took off all her clothes in the changing room and headed inside the bathroom. There, she washed her hair, followed by her body.</p>

      <p><em>My hair and skin have been so nice since I started using Rio’s soap. The scent is lovely too.</em></p>

      <p>Celia sniffed happily at the scent of the soap. Once she finished cleaning her body, she submerged herself in the bathtub.</p>

      <p>“Ah... This is bliss...” she sighed, melting into the water.</p>

      <p><em>I normally bathe with everyone after training, but...</em></p>

      <p>Was it because she had gotten up earlier than usual? Or was it because she was enjoying her morning bath by herself so much? It felt like such a luxury to spend her time like this.</p>

      <p><em>Perhaps I should get up early again tomorrow.</em></p>

      <p>Those were the thoughts that filled her head this morning.</p>

      <h2>Satsuki’s Morning</h2>

      <p>One early morning in the Galarc Castle, shortly after Rio was bestowed his mansion by King Francois...</p>

      <p>“Mm...”</p>

      <p>Kisaragi Satsuki was sleeping soundly in a bedroom on the second floor of the mansion. When she suddenly opened her eyes, she was met with the sight of an unfamiliar ceiling.</p>

      <p><em>Where...</em></p>

      <p>She questioned her whereabouts for a second.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, that’s right. I stayed over at Haruto’s mansion yesterday.</em></p>

      <p>She sleepily recalled the reason why she was here.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Mmm!”</p>

      <p>She let out a cute and unguarded yawn, then sat up and stretched to relax her body.</p>

      <p><em>Now...</em></p>

      <p>Satsuki was a morning person. She felt no need to go back to sleep, so she got out of bed and headed for the closet. Once she changed, she left her room and headed for the staircase to the first floor, but...</p>

      <p><em>Hmm... Did I get up too early?</em></p>

      <p>The mansion was completely silent. The lights were on in the corridor, but the living room and kitchen were still dark.</p>

      <p><em>I said I’d train in the morning, and I’ve already changed... Whatever, I’ll just head outside and warm up first.</em></p>

      <p>Waiting patiently in the bedroom or living room for someone to get up wasn’t in her nature. Satsuki headed for the living room window that faced the garden.</p>

      <p><em>Huh...?</em></p>

      <p>The window was unlocked. Someone must have forgotten to lock it.</p>

      <p><em>It’s Haruto.</em></p>

      <p>Rio could be seen swinging his sword in the garden.</p>

      <p><em>It doesn’t seem like anyone else is up yet.</em></p>

      <p>Which meant Satsuki was the second one up. She could head outside to talk to him, but—</p>

      <p><em>His movements are always so clean...</em></p>

      <p>Satsuki stopped to watch Rio. Rio was currently using the wind to move, without applying any of his own muscle strength. That’s why his movements were irregular but efficient. There was barely any waste in his actions, making it impossible to predict how he would move next. Such movements were so beautiful, she couldn’t help but keep watching.</p>

      <p>After a while, Satsuki returned to her senses and started wondering if there was anything she could gain from watching him. She began observing him closely.</p>

      <p><em>It’s kind of like I’m observing someone at morning practice in a sports club.</em></p>

      <p>She suddenly thought to herself. It was both a new and nostalgic thought, which made her let out a giggle.</p>

      <p>“Satsuki?” Rio had come over to the window while she was lost in her thoughts, calling out to her.</p>

      <p>“H-Haruto?!”</p>

      <p>“I could see you in the window... Good morning.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki twitched. “Morning. You always appear out of nowhere...”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry if I scared you,” Rio said apologetically.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s fine. I think I’ll join you. Oh, but I have to warm up first. Haruto, will you help me stretch?”</p>

      <p>“Sure.”</p>

      <p>“Yay. Then let’s start with some stretching.” Satsuki sat down cheerfully and bent forward.</p>

      <p>Thus, Rio and Satsuki spent their morning alone until the others woke up. The first to come across them was Latifa, who made a huge fuss over it, but that’s another story for another day.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>