<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 19</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Back and Forth</h1>

      <p>Lucci was busy facing Ifritah. No, to be more precise, he was busy chasing after Ifritah, who was circling Celia’s magic barrier.</p>

      <p>“Stop running around, you pest!” he yelled, aiming a slash of darkness at Ifritah.</p>

      <p>“Grrr!”</p>

      <p>Although it was a few meters in size, Ifritah was a lion. It could move around speedily with ease and evade attacks by distancing itself in an instant.</p>

      <p>However, it wasn’t focusing entirely on fleeing. When Lucci tried to ignore Ifritah and attack Celia’s barrier, Ifritah breathed fire from its mouth in an attempt to kill Lucci. “Grah!”</p>

      <p>“Tch...” Lucci swung his sword, swallowing the fire with his blade’s darkness.</p>

      <p>“Grrr!” It seemed that Ifritah was especially wary of the darkness Lucci could release from his sword. That’s why it focused on running around without facing him properly. When Lucci grew impatient with the game of chase and tried to ignore it, it would come back to interrupt him. It also attacked the mercenaries trying to break the barrier when it had a breath to spare. Because of that, the mercenaries were struggling to make any progress against it.</p>

      <p><em>If I keep battling this thing, I’ll run out of magic essence first. Is that its goal? What should I do? Even if I can warp my blade, I can’t keep up with its movements right now. I need to get right up close to it the moment it stops moving...</em></p>

      <p>If the battle drew out, Lucci would be the one disadvantaged. His only options were to avoid any combat with Ifritah or eliminate it completely, but he lacked the means to do that.</p>

      <p>Thus, while Lucci and the mercenaries struggled to attack through Ifritah’s defense...</p>

      <p>“Alma...” With a strained expression, Celia thought about how to retrieve Alma from where she lay a short distance away.</p>

      <p>“I will go assist her.” Louise, who had been standing at the front of the barrier to lead the knights, turned back to whisper in Celia’s ear.</p>

      <p>“Louise?”</p>

      <p>“Now’s the time to save her, while the enemy’s in disarray.”</p>

      <p>“But...” Celia hesitated.</p>

      <p>Although Ifritah was running around, there were roughly ten mercenaries surrounding them. Even if they enchanted their physical abilities with magic, the knights had little chance of keeping up with their movements. One wrong move and Louise could end up on the ground next.</p>

      <p>Although it had been a surprise attack, Lucius’s enchanted sword had taken down one of their opponents. With that sword now chasing after Ifritah, the other mercenaries began to feel more confident in themselves. Alma lay collapsed a mere ten meters away from the barrier Celia had set up, but the situation made that distance feel much farther.</p>

      <p>“I haven’t contributed anything to this fight. Allow me to do this much for the sake of Lady Alma, who has protected us until now. It is a knight’s duty to stand in the face of danger,” Louise insisted, determination burning in her eyes.</p>

      <p>Celia looked uneasy, but eventually nodded. “I understand... Please take care of her.”</p>

      <p>“I will. Knights, fire your magic at any enemy that tries to approach me after I leave the barrier. I will focus on movement and evasion alone.”</p>

      <p>Louise gave her orders, chanted the spell to enhance her physical abilities, then activated the magic. She watched the mercenaries’ movements carefully.</p>

      <p>“Now!” Leaping over the dirt wall Alma had built to provide them cover, Louise leaped out of the front opening of the barrier. She headed straight for where Alma lay. Lucci was the first to notice her.</p>

      <p>“Hmm?” He ceased his attacks on Ifritah and focused his magic essence into his blade with the intention of finishing off Louise.</p>

      <p>“Grrrah!” Ifritah must have sensed his intentions. In order to protect its contract master, it breathed fire towards Lucci.</p>

      <p>“Tch...” Lucci swung his sword, summoning black energy to block the flames. In that time, Louise reached Alma and picked up her wounded body.</p>

      <p>“Ugh... Sorry...” Alma apologized in agony. She had stemmed her bleeding with her spirit arts, but the serious wound prevented her from keeping the art activated consistently. She had suffered heavy blood loss and it was clear her mind was getting hazy.</p>

      <p>“Kill them!” The other mercenaries joined Lucci in an attempt to attack Louise.</p>

      <p>“<em>Photon Projectilis!</em>” The knights stationed within the barrier cast their magic to hinder them. They were all united in rescuing Alma.</p>

      <p><em>This monster shows no sign of attacking the knights... In fact, it seems intent on protecting that brute of a girl. Which means...!</em></p>

      <p>Lucci confirmed that Ifritah was clearly acting to protect Alma and started thinking of a way to use that to his advantage.</p>

      <p>Immediately after, he chose to close in on Louise, who was running with Alma in her arms. His decision to ignore Ifritah’s interference here was proof of his exemplary senses as a mercenary.</p>

      <p>He easily outpaced her running speed by more than double. The few meters between them were closed in an instant, and the black sword enshrouded in darkness was raised in attack.</p>

      <p>With him this close, Ifritah was unable to breathe fire over him. It could end up burning Louise alongside Lucci.</p>

      <p>“Gaaarh!” Ifritah lunged at Lucci.</p>

      <p>“Just as I thought!”</p>

      <p>Lucci smirked, having predicted that move. He immediately switched directions from Louise to Ifritah. At the same moment, Ifritah opened its mouth to bite at Lucci.</p>

      <p>“Take THIS!” Lucci’s sword released a shock wave of darkness, engulfing Ifritah’s large body.</p>

      <p>“Ifritah!” Seeing that made Celia scream—but Ifritah’s efforts had accomplished one thing.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...!”</p>

      <p>“Uhh...”</p>

      <p>Louise leaped over the dirt wall before the barrier, tumbling to the ground. Alma fell with her.</p>

      <p>“Ifritah will be all right...” Alma muttered to Celia before falling unconscious.</p>

      <p>“It’s only natural to prioritize the monster’s extermination over the wounded brute of a girl,” Lucci cackled heartily as he basked in his victory over Ifritah. He then turned to Ven, who was staggering to his feet by the mansion. “Yo, Ven! You having trouble against a single girl? Need help?”</p>

      <p>Ven had been hit by Satsuki’s attack, which had sent him through the window moments before Lucci defeated Ifritah. A short moment later, his fellow mercenary and a spear-wielding Satsuki jumped out of the window after him.</p>

      <p>“Shut up! Stick to your own damn post!” Ven yelled in irritation. One of his men was unconscious after Latifa’s attack inside the mansion, but there were still three on their side capable of a fight. The three of them moved to surround Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“Everyone...”</p>

      <p>Satsuki spotted Celia’s magic barrier, the soldiers surrounding it, and the unconscious Alma inside, and fell speechless.</p>

      <p>“How... How could you do such a thing?! Who are you people?! Stop this already!” she yelled at the mercenaries, glaring at them with all her might.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha.” The mercenaries exchanged looks and smirked as though Satsuki’s anger was terribly misplaced.</p>

      <p>“A bastard called Haruto killed our commander. That’s why we’re here! We’ll take you hostage to get our revenge on him. We can’t let a bastard like that walk free,” Ven replied.</p>

      <p>“Haruto did what? Wait... Do you mean... What are you saying?! That was because your commander killed his parents! He also abducted Princess Christina and Princess Flora! Haruto protected the two of them. Your commander was wrong first!” It was unjustified resentment, and Satsuki tried to protest with logic.</p>

      <p>“Who cares!” Ven clearly had no intention of listening to such arguments.</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>“We’re only accepting the fight that was picked. If you don’t want to be hurt, don’t resist in the first place. That’s all.” It was the equivalent of saying that the victim should just endure their pain, that they wouldn’t allow an excuse of self-defense. That they could go and cry about it.</p>

      <p>“What a horrible way of thinking...” Their senses of values were so different, Satsuki was at a loss for words. She barely managed to utter a comment in response.</p>

      <p>“Horrible? He’s the same as us. The type to return things in kind. That was why he sought revenge on the commander,” Ven said.</p>

      <p>Satsuki snapped back. “No. Haruto is not like you people.”</p>

      <p>“He’s exactly the same as us.”</p>

      <p>“No, he’s not! Haruto will throw aside his own happiness to protect the people important to him. He’ll never be the same as you.”</p>

      <p>“He throws aside his own happiness? Spare me the jokes. He’s living blissfully in a mansion surrounded by women. His happiness is right there—and we can’t forgive that. Seeing you makes us want to mess up his happiness even more.” Ven slowly drew near Satsuki as he spoke.</p>

      <p>“I won’t let you do such a thing!”</p>

      <p>“Then in order to protect your own happiness, you’ll have to murder us all with your own hands. I don’t know if someone as naive as you can kill a human, but I doubt you’ll find happiness in doing so!”</p>

      <p>“Wh...” Satsuki’s anger had reached its peak. She no longer had anything to say, and all expression had fallen from her face. Only her lips trembled as she tightened her grip on her spear. She was completely ready for battle.</p>

      <p>Just then, Latifa appeared beside her. “I’ll fight too, Satsuki!”</p>

      <p>“We’ll assist as well.” More people came out of the drawing room window—Miharu, Charlotte, Christina, Flora, and Vanessa.</p>

      <p>“Latifa, all of you... Why...?”</p>

      <p>Why had they left the safe room? It was dangerous—they should return immediately. Those were the unspoken words in Satsuki’s confused expression.</p>

      <p>“We’re here to prove our pride as women. I’m only half-serious, but we overheard you talking. As a princess of the Galarc Kingdom, I cannot allow such low-life rabble to wander freely. That is why we are here,” Charlotte explained cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Ha. Those are some harsh words from such a cute-faced brat. But are you sure you should be showing yourselves in front of enemies here to abduct hostages? Those are the princesses of the Beltrum Kingdom with you as well.” Ven looked at Christina and Flora and sneered even more coldly.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Why do we need to fear cowards who can’t even face Sir Haruto without hostages?” Charlotte wasn’t about to lose to them in words.</p>

      <p>“What did you say?” Ven frowned, having a sore spot pointed out.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know how you found out, but you came to this kingdom after hearing of Sir Haruto’s absence, did you not? A feat that shows no fear of a major nation’s power. As expected of a top-class mercenary group—except it also means you <em>did</em> fear Sir Haruto’s presence. I suppose even cowards are capable of having some good judgment, don’t you think?”</p>

      <p>Charlotte turned to Satsuki with an alluring giggle. Somehow, that helped her calm down a little.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>