<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 19</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Hero Killing</h1>

      <p>Riding on Ariel’s back, Gouki’s group arrived at the castle to the sight of knights fighting assailants everywhere. They were currently 150 meters above the castle. At the hundred-meter point, the aerial knights were fighting griffin-riding mercenaries, firing magic at each other.</p>

      <p>“This is much worse than I expected... Ariel knows the way to Sir Rio’s mansion, right? Ah, is it below us?” Gouki asked, spotting Rio’s mansion—or rather, the people around it.</p>

      <p>“I can see everyone. The situation is rather bad. Everyone, be prepared.”</p>

      <p>Miharu, Celia, and everyone else were down below. Lucci had just taken the two of them hostage, so it was easy to read the situation immediately. There was no need to hesitate.</p>

      <p>“These crooks... Let’s go, Kayoko.”</p>

      <p>“Understood,” Kayoko replied.</p>

      <p>Without missing a beat, Gouki jumped down from where Ariel was stopped 150 meters above the ground.</p>

      <p>“You three wait for Ariel to descend. This is our first battle for Sir Rio. Let us not shame his name,” Kayoko said to the remaining attendants, then jumped after Gouki. Thus, the strongest married couple of the Karasuki Kingdom joined the battle.</p>

      <p>By creating elastic footholds in the air, the two of them descended to the ground running. Air resistance was no obstacle for them, and they arrived in a matter of seconds. Their attendants were still incapable of such a feat.</p>

      <p>“...” Gouki reached the ground first, having jumped off Ariel before Kayoko. He created a foothold right before landing, absorbing the impact and silencing his footsteps. Right beside him, Lucci was about to swing his sword at Miharu’s face.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to put her to sleep first. It’ll also be a thank-you for earlier.”</p>

      <p>Perhaps it was because of her glossy, long, black hair. The sight of Miharu overlapped with Rio’s mother Ayame in Gouki’s eyes.</p>

      <p><em>I must protect her no matter what. Now that I have arrived, he will not harm a hair on her head.</em></p>

      <p>Gouki prioritized defending against Lucci’s attack. He slipped between Miharu and Lucci, stopping the black sword with his own blade.</p>

      <p>“My sincere apologies for the delay. I, Gouki Saga, have arrived to exact justice,” he declared solemnly.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Who the hell are you?!” Lucci raged, trying to push Gouki’s sword back with his physical strength.</p>

      <p>“Silence, you fiend!”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>However, the one who did the pushing was Gouki. He hadn’t sent any of his strength into his sword. All he did was step forward, and that was enough for Lucci’s body to be pushed back.</p>

      <p>He took another step forward, then vanished. Moments later, he reappeared right before Lucci.</p>

      <p>“Lucci!” Ven yelled. He had started running towards Gouki the moment Lucci was pushed back to cover for him, and he made it just in time. If he had started running one moment later, Lucci would have been cut down.</p>

      <p>“Hmph...!” Gouki smoothly evaded the sword Ven stabbed from his side, falling back to where Miharu was.</p>

      <p>“I have secured Lady Celia.” Kayoko joined him, having retrieved Celia from where she lay beside the mercenaries.</p>

      <p>“Good,” Gouki nodded.</p>

      <p>“Wha... When did she—?!”</p>

      <p>“Who is this old man? And this hag?!”</p>

      <p>Lucci, Ven, and the five mercenaries still able to fight were dumbfounded as they gathered together in one group.</p>

      <p>Kayoko’s eyes were ice cold. “Hag? Such disrespectful fools. I’m only just over forty.”</p>

      <p>“Kreeeh!”</p>

      <p>Ariel had also descended to ten-odd meters above ground, allowing Gouki’s three attendants to leap off its back. The three of them moved to surround Alma and Louise on the ground as soon as they landed.</p>

      <p>“They seemed like rather mobile fiends, so I waited until our defenses had gathered first. Now I can punish them without holding back. Is that fine with you, Lady Miharu? The situation was rather evident, even without the need for words.”</p>

      <p>Despite glaring at Lucci and his men with seething rage, Gouki’s assessment of the situation was extremely calm.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes. Thank you very much...”</p>

      <p>Miharu must have been extremely tense, as she staggered just from nodding. However, she was certain they would be fine now, and she was able to get back on her feet right away.</p>

      <p>“Understood. Now, I don’t know who you people are, but you’ve raised your hands towards people who are important to my master. Don’t think you’ll be getting out of this.” Gouki’s eyes glinted as he glared at the men.</p>

      <p>“Uhh...” Sensing danger, the mercenaries all started backing away. The instincts that they had developed through all their combat experience were warning them of Gouki’s formidable strength.</p>

      <p>“Gouki! These men are the subordinates of the man who killed Rio’s mom and dad! Be careful of the man with the black sword! It can release a strong shock wave of darkness, and the sword has the ability to warp the blade and the user!” Latifa yelled, sharing information about Lucci and the others.</p>

      <p>“Oh?” Gouki’s attention was drawn to the identities of the men more than the sword’s abilities. A fire ignited in his eyes.</p>

      <p><em>To think I would be given such an opportunity here...</em></p>

      <p>He shuddered with excitement. Before he knew it, his mouth was moving of its own accord. “Finally... Finally, I can prove my devotion to him,” he muttered.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Lucci replied. However, it seemed his words were only audible to Kayoko, who was beside him.</p>

      <p>“I will go with you. You three will be able to protect Lady Miharu and Lady Celia, right?”</p>

      <p>She entrusted Celia to one of her subordinates, then stood beside Gouki. With a flowing movement, she drew her kodachi and shot Lucci a cold glare.</p>

      <p>“We have even more reason to put a stop to you now. There’s no need to confirm the situation any further,” she said. The two of them held their respective weapons ready.</p>

      <p>“I am Gouki Saga.”</p>

      <p>“And I, Kayoko Saga.”</p>

      <p>“For the sake of our master!”</p>

      <p>“We challenge you to a duel!”</p>

      <p>The strongest married couple and pride of the Karasuki Kingdom yelled together, then closed the five-meter distance to their opponents in a single bound.</p>

      <p>“They’re fast!” The seven mercenaries tried to retreat immediately, but Gouki and Kayoko split up and cornered the scattering men, preventing their escape.</p>

      <p>“Shit!” The men they approached readied their swords, but they only lasted a few strikes before they were disarmed and made powerless.</p>

      <p>“You’ve gotta be kidding me!” There were five mercenaries remaining. The two nearest mercenaries to the disarmed men charged at Gouki and Kayoko, swinging their swords. But Gouki and Kayoko vanished before their eyes, evading the swings. All they did was crouch down on the spot, but to the men, it was like they had disappeared.</p>

      <p>“Guh!” The men went flying through the air. Gouki and Kayoko swung the bladeless sides of their kodachi to strike the men in the jaw. They were concussed midair and knocked unconscious. There were only three mercenaries remaining, including Lucci and Ven.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey now!”</p>

      <p>“This old man and hag are bad news!”</p>

      <p>The remaining three were extremely shaken and barely able to keep their distance from the couple. But even as they ran around, Gouki and Kayoko were closing in from the sides.</p>

      <p>“F-Fall back!” Lucci desperately gathered magic essence in his sword, scattering his shock wave of darkness to hit his opponents.</p>

      <p>“Too slow!”</p>

      <p>However, Gouki and Kayoko both leaped up, evading the shock wave.</p>

      <p>In normal circumstances of war, unnecessarily large jumps during battle opened one to attacks. Humans couldn’t control their movements midair, so the time between landing and adjusting their stance was the biggest moment of vulnerability. The only options were to attack while falling or to prepare oneself to block the incoming attack.</p>

      <p>“Dumbasses!” The experienced veterans knew this and reflexively went for that opening. Ven and the other mercenary charged at their falling opponents.</p>

      <p>However, they should have been more wary of the two that had made such a sudden and grand entrance. Both Gouki and Kayoko crouched midair and leaped again.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” Before the mercenaries knew it, the couple was on the ground. They stood behind Ven and the other mercenary with their backs facing them.</p>

      <p>“Wh...at...?” Ven and the other mercenary had dazed looks in their eyes as they collapsed. Gouki and Kayoko had landed two strikes to their jaws as they landed on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Guys! Damn it, you’ve done it now!” Lucci howled, trembling from head to toe.</p>

      <p>“Rest assured, we have no intention of leaving the enemies of our master alone. We just held ourselves back for now,” Gouki said.</p>

      <p>“The young ladies don’t need to be exposed to the blood and death of such filth over a situation of this level,” said Kayoko.</p>

      <p>“We also need to interrogate you on anything else you may be plotting. The punishments can wait until after that,” Gouki added.</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I meant! Don’t think you can mess with me!”</p>

      <p>“You’re the ones messing about. I assume you’re here for your unjustified resentment over the death of that man Lucius, but...”</p>

      <p><em>I will be the one to deal with him</em>—Gouki signaled that to Kayoko with his eyes as he replied to Lucci. He then slowly inched his way closer.</p>

      <p>“W-Wow. Who are those people...?”</p>

      <p>Latifa was familiar with Gouki’s group, but Satsuki, Charlotte, Christina, and Flora had no idea who they were. They had watched the one-sided fight take place in astonishment.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry! They’re on our side!” Latifa informed them happily.</p>

      <p>“That just leaves those monsters, then...” Six of the mercenaries had been defeated in an instant, leaving only Lucci standing. But Sara was more focused on watching the revenants swarming near the mansion with a grim look.</p>

      <p>Hel and Ifritah were still being held down by dozens of revenants. Their flesh was being torn off and bitten into, leaving them unable to move. They were probably on the verge of losing their material forms.</p>

      <p>They were holding on so desperately because of the dozens of revenants that would be released if they turned into their spirit forms. However, now that the tables had turned on the battlefield, they were finally able to do something about it.</p>

      <p>“Hel, Ifritah! Thank you, you can disappear now!” a voice cried from overhead. It was Orphia, bow held ready in her hand.</p>

      <p>“Orphia!” Sara shouted with joy as Hel and Ifritah disappeared in relief.</p>

      <p>With nobody to cling on to, the revenants started to scatter. They didn’t seem sure of their next target, but it was clear that they saw Sara and the others as their enemies. But before they could make their next move, Orphia shot a single arrow of light. The thick arrow would have taken quite some time to charge up, but she had been able to stay undetected in the skies and do just that. The powerful light arrow split into two and rained down over the spot where Hel and Ifritah had just disappeared.</p>

      <p>“Graaah?!” Two dense masses of pure energy crushed the revenants to death, leaving behind two craters that were ten meters in diameter. The monsters vanished, leaving a large number of enchanted gems behind.</p>

      <p>“That should do it.” Orphia descended to where Alma lay unconscious. In the one or two minutes since Gouki’s group arrived, the situation had been completely turned on its head.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>