<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 19</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>In the many battles that occurred while escorting Christina to Rodania, she had watched on while Rio, Sara, Alma, and Orphia did all the fighting. Despite having the ability to help as a sorcerer, she was more useless on the battlefield than she could have ever imagined.</p>

      <p>That’s why ever since she joined the Restoration, Celia had begun to learn how to use her magic in real battles. With the assistance of Sara’s and Gouki’s groups, she began training regularly. The result of that was now blooming before everyone here.</p>

      <p>“The people around Sir Amakawa are truly amazing...” Louise muttered in astonishment. The flashy magic spells made Celia’s power easy to identify, but Sara’s and Alma’s efforts were also eye opening.</p>

      <p>Sara was fighting both with speed and the number of her hits. She moved swiftly and acrobatically, confusing the revenants with a mix of martial arts and ice-cold dagger swings. The daggers she held in each hand slashed at the revenants’ hard bodies faster than the eye could follow.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Alma fought impressively. It was evident that her physical body enhancement was the source of her strength, but it was hard to believe such a small and delicate body had so much physical power packed within it. She swung her heavy-looking mace, killing a revenant with each hit.</p>

      <p>Their battle styles were different, but both Sara and Alma had stable ways of fighting. They were cleanly keeping the revenants on both sides at bay.</p>

      <p>Only a third of the enemies had been defeated so far, but at this rate, the extermination would conclude without a hitch. That’s what Celia and the others thought as they fought.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>The group that had evacuated to the safe room could tell that the battle had started outside. The sixteen-meter-squared room, connected to the drawing room by a single door, had no windows. Miharu, Satsuki, Latifa, Christina, Flora, and Charlotte were inside the safe room, Vanessa was in the corridor leading to the drawing room, and two of Charlotte’s knights were in the drawing room.</p>

      <p>Once they started hearing the sounds of a fierce battle taking place, they all stopped speaking. The sound of Celia’s magic and the revenants’ screeches echoed through the mansion walls. It was clear that a life-threatening battle was taking place.</p>

      <p><em>Everyone’s fighting outside right now...</em></p>

      <p>Affected by the tension in the air, Satsuki fell silent with a meek look. She was thinking about those fighting outside, and...</p>

      <p><em>I’m taking shelter in a safe room. Even though I’m the hero.</em></p>

      <p>...herself.</p>

      <p>Sara and Alma were both younger than her. Celia was older, but she was as delicate as a younger girl. Yet all three were fighting outside while she was taking refuge in the safe room.</p>

      <p><em>Am I really okay with that? Shouldn’t I fight as well? Sara, Alma, and Celia are all my precious friends... I’m on good terms with Louise and the knights too...</em></p>

      <p>Right now, Satsuki was regretting how she hadn’t offered to stand guard outside with the others. They weren’t certain that the monsters had approached earlier, so she thought it would be better to stay by Miharu’s side—but that may have been an excuse for her fear.</p>

      <p>Ever since coming to this world, she had been working hard at her spear training. She had recently started sparring with Sara and the others, but those matches weren’t enough to prepare her for duels to the death. She had merely participated with the same mindset as participating in a sports tournament.</p>

      <p>Perhaps it would be more correct to say that the safety of the castle had clouded her view, making it hard for her to feel the imminent danger. Though she understood that war could start at any moment, she had averted her eyes from what that meant, training with a vacant mind.</p>

      <p>But at this moment, Satsuki was keenly aware of the lives at risk outside. She wondered if it would have been better for her to fight as well.</p>

      <p><em>My friends are fighting right nearby, yet I’m hiding in a safe refuge... Even though I’m the one with the hero powers. How can I face them all after the fight ends? I have no right to be the hero.</em></p>

      <p>Whether she liked it or not, her close friends were risking their lives beside her. To put it simply, the warlike atmosphere was affecting her emotions.</p>

      <p>The last time she had been in a life-threatening situation was when she reunited with Miharu at the banquet and invaders attacked the gathering. Rio’s assistance resolved the situation in less than a minute, so although it left a bad aftertaste, she hadn’t felt the tense atmosphere for nearly as long as this.</p>

      <p>The sounds of fighting outside could still be heard even now.</p>

      <p>“Are you okay, Satsuki?”</p>

      <p>Miharu had noticed her pale expression. She called out to her worriedly.</p>

      <p>“Say, Miharu...” Satsuki started, making up her mind.</p>

      <p>“You look like you want to go out there and join the fight.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte guessed first, beating Satsuki to the punch. She seemed to be opposed to letting Satsuki outside, as she was sighing heavily as she spoke.</p>

      <p>It was at that moment that the sounds from outside stopped.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>“Have you found out anything new?”</p>

      <p>King Francois was in the temporary command post set up in the hanging gardens. With all the monsters invading the castle grounds, the rooftop garden was the best place to look over the situation and give orders.</p>

      <p>The hanging gardens were normally off-limits to everyone except the royal family and their personally invited guests, but it was currently packed with a flurry of military personnel. Aerial knights patrolled the skies above on griffins, watching for any kind of aerial attack.</p>

      <p>“Only one type of monster descended during the attack. They all possess the strength of a knight with their physical abilities enhanced.”</p>

      <p>“The number of invading monsters is estimated to be a few hundred.”</p>

      <p>“Most are in combat with the knights outside, but some have snuck into the castle. The ones that were spotted were eliminated, but we’ve allocated some people to search the interior to be safe.”</p>

      <p>A number of knights were giving their status reports to Francois, who was heavily protected by several guards. Francois was nodding along to the reports when five new black orbs fell from the sky, dropping to the ground near Rio’s mansion with a booming crash.</p>

      <p>“What was that sound?! Don’t tell me...!”</p>

      <p>Had more monsters appeared? Francois quickly turned in the direction of the sound, but he was unable to see Rio’s mansion from his current position.</p>

      <p>Shortly after, one of the griffins that had been circling the skies descended to the garden. The aerial knight riding it gave his report in a hurry. “R-Reporting in! A huge number of monsters have appeared near Sir Amakawa’s mansion!”</p>

      <p>“What? That’s not good. Send two platoons of the reserve aerial knights at once. Tell them to provide support from the skies if possible. Protect the important figures inside the mansion! For detailed orders, do as Charlotte says—she’s probably over there herself,” Francois said, giving hurried orders with a glance at the aerial knights on standby in the hanging gardens.</p>

      <p>One platoon consisted of four knights, so two made eight. At present, there were forty aerial knights on standby in the rooftop garden as reserve forces, so a fifth of them would be mobilizing.</p>

      <p>“Right away!” The knight that made the report pulled on his reins, directing his griffin towards where the aerial knights were waiting.</p>

      <p><em>Just what is happening right now?</em></p>

      <p>Francois glared at the skies with a grim expression. The clouds in the blue sky appeared as peaceful as ever. The only other objects in the air were the griffins carrying the aerial knights.</p>

      <p>The knights in the air had been searching for a while now. The griffins they rode on maintained an altitude of ten to several tens of meters, similar to that of a regular bird seen in everyday life.</p>

      <p>If a griffin were to ascend as far as it could by itself, its maximum limit would be around two hundred meters. In modern Earth terms, it would be the height of a sixty-floor building, and the aerial knights searching the skies naturally searched all the way up to there too. However, they were yet to find anything to report on.</p>

      <p>All they knew at this point was that the monsters had been sealed in some kind of orb that fell from the sky.</p>

      <p><em>The attack on Amande was also said to have been quite strange, but I’ve never heard of monsters attacking in this form before. The black orbs that contained the monsters... Could they be some kind of magical artifact?</em></p>

      <p>If so, that would mean there was a human behind this attack. In other words, there was a clear goal behind the black orbs that were sent into the castle grounds.</p>

      <p><em>There’s someone either too high up to be seen with the naked eye, or hiding behind the clouds... Or perhaps they fired the magic artifacts into the castle grounds from afar? At any rate, there’s nothing that can be done without any proof. How frustrating... </em>Francois thought with a furrowed brow.</p>

      <p>“Follow me.”</p>

      <p>He wanted to see Rio’s mansion with his own eyes. The guards surrounding him followed as he marched towards somewhere that could overlook the mansion.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>A mere two or three minutes later, beside Rio’s mansion...</p>

      <p>“Haaah!” Sara created ice lances out of the ground, stopping the revenants in their tracks. She then approached them faster than the eye could follow, kicking them flying and slicing off their necks with her daggers.</p>

      <p>“Hmph! Hah!” At the same time, Alma swung her mace with a powerful ease that was unbelievable for her small frame, sending the enemy flying. She moved in light-footed leaps, cleanly eliminating all the revenants that were rushing at her.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Celia was firing the magic ice lances she had prepared in the air, killing the monsters that slipped past the walls she had put up as an obstruction.</p>

      <p>The sixty revenants that originally fell had already been reduced to fewer than ten. The landform Celia had created at the beginning played a big part in that.</p>

      <p>“Gaaah!”</p>

      <p>The revenants’ eyes glinted with an eerie light. There was no sign of any rationality within them as they screeched in anger, enraged by how their attack was being thwarted.</p>

      <p>However, no matter how passionately they screamed, their numbers continued dwindling. Their forces were clearly declining by the second.</p>

      <p>“I’m almost at the end!”</p>

      <p>“I’m on my last enemy now!”</p>

      <p>“There are no more monsters between the walls either!”</p>

      <p>With no more monsters coming around the sides, Sara, Alma, and Celia each reported on their situations in turn. Things went smoothly after that—Celia finished her group first, followed by Sara and Alma a short moment later.</p>

      <p>“That seems like the last of it...” Sara checked behind the wall and reported. She then returned to where Celia and the others were with Alma.</p>

      <p>Louise commended them gratefully. “I can’t believe the three of you cleaned up so many monsters in such a short time. It was splendid work. I’m sorry we were only able to watch on...”</p>

      <p>“No, it was very reassuring having the knights at our backs,” Sara replied with a smile.</p>

      <p>“I was also able to concentrate on my magic. Oh, by the way, Alma.”</p>

      <p>Celia called out to Alma like she had just remembered something.</p>

      <p>“Yes? What is it?” Alma asked, puzzled.</p>

      <p>“Could you break down the dirt walls with your mace?”</p>

      <p>Although they had been necessary to block the enemy’s advance, they couldn’t just leave them standing there like this. Celia looked in the direction where the revenants had come from. The huge dirt walls she put up at the start of the battle towered tall, blocking the castle behind them.</p>

      <p>She had used an immense amount of magic essence to make them as sturdy as possible, and now that some time had passed since putting them up, the only way of removing them was to break them. Only with spirit arts could the ground be manipulated freely to lower them.</p>

      <p>However, Celia had specifically asked for Alma’s mace because of the knights’ presence. They didn’t know about spirit arts, so the weapon provided the convenient cover of an enchanted-sword-like ability that could control the ground.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I can. They ruin the view, so I’ll turn it back to how it was now.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks. Sorry for the trouble.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all. It made the fight much easier,” Alma said, then approached the walls.</p>

      <p>“The battle might be ongoing in other areas, so don’t let your guards down. I’ll scout the area from the rooftop.”</p>

      <p>“Please do.”</p>

      <p>Sara leaped up to the rooftop lightly.</p>

      <p>The best moment to launch a surprise attack was when the opponent had their guards lowered. In other words, the moment a battle had finished was the easiest time to make a successful ambush. Her actions were made in understanding of this.</p>

      <p>However, veteran mercenaries were well aware that experienced soldiers didn’t let their guards down easily. That’s why they planned the most meticulous and cunning strategies, watching for the best moment to attack and adapting themselves to changing situations.</p>

      <p>“Some knights are approaching this way on griffins,” Sara called from above, pointing at the sky. The gaze of the party followed her hand.</p>

      <p>Two groups of griffin-riding knights scouting the situation from above had been circling the skies above for a while now, but the approaching troops consisted of two small squads, totaling eight people. Their approach in the mansion’s direction made them all the more eye-catching.</p>

      <p>“They must be the reinforcements. It’s about time too,” Louise answered loudly enough for Sara to hear, then turned to a female knight beside her. “Hey, go give an update to the princess.”</p>

      <p>The arrival of reinforcements made their defenses seem adequate, softening the tension that was hanging in the air. But then...</p>

      <p>“Umm... Is that squad descending rapidly over there also on our side? There’s quite a lot of them, and they’re coming in from a rather elevated altitude...”</p>

      <p>Sara pointed farther up in the sky with a dubious look. While the aerial knights were flying in from an altitude of several tens of meters or so, the new griffin squad was coming in from several hundred meters up.</p>

      <p>However, they appeared to be free-falling with gravity, as their distant figures were rapidly increasing in size. Sara had only spotted them early because she was using physically enhanced vision to watch for more monster orbs falling down.</p>

      <p>“How odd...” Louise stared at the distant troops in the sky.</p>

      <p>There were fifty griffins, which amounted to three squadrons of the aerial knights—a considerably large force. Why would such a large number of troops be falling at a speed they couldn’t land safely at?</p>

      <p>“<em>Augendae Corporis</em>. That’s...”</p>

      <p>Louise immediately used magic to enhance her vision, straining her eyes to see them clearly. Then, she spotted the soldiers wearing uniforms clearly different to those of the aerial knights of the Galarc Kingdom.</p>

      <p>The unknown soldiers started to chant some kind of spell on their griffins. Magic circles appeared one after another before them.</p>

      <p>“They’re not allies! Those aerial knights are not from our kingdom!”</p>

      <p>“Alma, get ready to defend!”</p>

      <p>Louise and Sara both yelled with looks of horror. At the same time, a barrage of light bullets rained down on them.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>