<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 19</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The greatest fear of midair combat was the possibility of enemies coming from every direction, but both Gouki and Kayoko handled themselves perfectly in their first midair battle, cutting down every winged lizard that approached. Gouki’s three attendants worked as a team to handle their share of the enemies without any issues either.</p>

      <p><em>They’re amazing... I can’t fight like that, so I’ll use my ice...</em></p>

      <p>Orphia was impressed, but quickly activated her spirit arts to join the fray. She figured that simply releasing her essence as cold air wouldn’t be enough to freeze them, so she chose to stab them with ice spears instead. If Celia was a master at making fixed forts, then Orphia was a master at making moving ones. She simultaneously cast her flying spirit arts with the ice spear creation, counterattacking all the winged lizards that approached her.</p>

      <p>“Kreee!” Orphia’s contract spirit, Ariel, manipulated the wind to push the winged lizards back, adjusting how many of them approached at once.</p>

      <p>Thus, over thirty winged lizards were defeated in a matter of minutes. At that point, the remaining enemies seemed reluctant to approach just to be killed.</p>

      <p>“Gyaaah!”</p>

      <p>They stopped their attempts to bite in favor of circling them from a distance.</p>

      <p>“Ugh, their movements have changed. Everyone, fall back!” Gouki ordered.</p>

      <p>“Please get on Ariel’s back. They’re about to breathe their fire.” At Orphia’s suggestion, the humans that couldn’t fly returned to Ariel’s back.</p>

      <p>“Graaah!”</p>

      <p>As she expected, the winged lizards began to breathe fire. However, Orphia and Ariel both could control the wind. They didn’t allow the flames to reach them.</p>

      <p>“Winged lizards normally challenge enemies they have an advantage over...”</p>

      <p>The winged lizards here were clearly abnormal. They were monsters that dropped enchanted gems. Orphia frowned, realizing once again that something was odd.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Their movements are strangely unified. I don’t see any specific leader of the group... Their only goal seems to be to stall us.”</p>

      <p>“Although we’re able to run through the air now, enemies that can fly freely are still difficult to take on.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. There’s no telling what’s happening at Sir Rio’s mansion, so we shouldn’t remain here any longer.”</p>

      <p>Gouki looked around at the winged lizards with suspicion, while Kayoko expressed her annoyance at the battle dragging out. Thus, Orphia came up with a suggestion.</p>

      <p>“How about you all go with Ariel to check on the castle first? I can take on the rest of them alone.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Are you sure?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The numbers have been reduced by a lot already. The capital is right before us, and there might be something going on there. Ariel knows where Rio’s mansion is located too.”</p>

      <p>Orphia recalled the black shapes she had seen before teleporting. She wanted to check on things as soon as possible. They were currently one kilometer from the capital. Ariel could make that distance in no time at all.</p>

      <p>“Indeed... All right. We will return immediately if everything is fine over there.”</p>

      <p>Gouki’s group specialized in close combat, so they had been disadvantaged from the moment the winged lizards started to keep their distance. Orphia was best suited for long-distance combat with her spirit arts, so it was the most efficient decision to make at the moment.</p>

      <p>The winged lizards were breathing fire even at this moment, but Orphia’s wind barrier was blocking the attacks perfectly. She should have no issue taking them on alone.</p>

      <p>“Yes, and I will follow after you as soon as I’m done. I finished preparing my magic essence while we were talking—I’m going to release a large-scale art. Ariel will take off at my signal.”</p>

      <p>“Understood,” Gouki nodded.</p>

      <p>“Go, Ariel!”</p>

      <p>“Kreee!”</p>

      <p>At Orphia’s signal, Ariel started flying for the capital. Until now, Ariel had remained stationary through the use of wind spirit arts, but it accelerated rapidly the moment it flapped its wings.</p>

      <p>“Graaah!”</p>

      <p>The winged lizards redirected their fire, but Ariel had a wind barrier set up to veer the flames away. Then, once Ariel had made it a certain distance away, Orphia began her attack.</p>

      <p>“I am your opponent!” A large tornado appeared around her.</p>

      <p>“Grah?!”</p>

      <p>The winged lizards were swallowed in the tornado, losing their balance to the point they could no longer fly. However, the tornado itself didn’t do any damage to them. Letting them fall to the ground was one way they could be damaged, but Orphia chose to send them higher up into the air instead. Then she took aim at the staggering winged lizards and fired her ice spears.</p>

      <p>“Greeeh?!”</p>

      <p>An ice lance pierced through the bodies of the winged lizards. Some survived the first spear, but were soon taken out by the follow-up attack.</p>

      <p>“All right!”</p>

      <p>By the time Orphia cleaned off the remaining winged lizards, Gouki’s group had just arrived in the skies above Rio’s mansion.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Reiss was hiding far above the clouds after sending the winged lizards to stall Orphia’s group.</p>

      <p><em>A swarm of fifty dark winged lizards was eliminated so easily. I figured demi-dragons would be the best matchup against a caster and her mid-class spirit, but alas...</em></p>

      <p>He had made quite the miscalculation. He hadn’t been expecting to defeat her completely, but had thought she would struggle more than this. It should have been enough to fulfill his goal of buying some time.</p>

      <p>Winged lizards were the weakest variety of flying demi-dragons, but that didn’t make them weak as monsters. Their skin was hard and resistant to magic essence, their teeth were sharp, and they could fly around the air freely. On top of that, the ones Reiss released could breathe fire. They were not weak by any means at all.</p>

      <p>What he hadn’t accounted for was how skilled Orphia was at spirit arts, even for a high elf.</p>

      <p>The spirit art used to fly in the air was highly advanced. That was why most spirit folk were unable to cast large-scale arts while flying at the same time—but it seemed Orphia was an exception to this.</p>

      <p><em>Furthermore, she’s brought along some powerful reinforcements. Where are all these troublesome people appearing from, honestly...</em></p>

      <p>Reiss chuckled to himself. Even he didn’t know why he was laughing at a situation one would normally be angered at.</p>

      <p><em>It seems I was completely preoccupied with the Black Knight and his contract spirit.</em></p>

      <p>He had underestimated the people gathered around Rio without realizing it himself. He knew they had some decent skills, but he figured they were fine to leave alone.</p>

      <p>However, when all these skilled people gathered together, they formed a formidable force equal to a major nation.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no mistaking the fact the Black Knight is the most troublesome, though. We must obtain insurance against him. But if we’re unable to secure a hostage, then... At worst, we should consider reducing the forces around him. The attack this time is assumed to be the work of the Heavenly Lions, after all.</em></p>

      <p>If they couldn’t secure a hostage, then they’d stop worrying about capturing them alive.</p>

      <p><em>If we do this, they’ll be convinced that I’m still alive, but...</em></p>

      <p>But it was worth doing anyway, he decided.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>