<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Those eyes resemble a little sister’s...</p>

      <p>Those ears resemble a little sister’s...</p>

      <p>There are no little sisters more capable than their older brothers! Hello, everyone. Thank you all very much for reading volume 6 of <em>A Wild Last Boss Appeared!</em></p>

      <p>The main event of this volume was the cheater of the twins, Pollux, going on a rampage. This character, Pollux, is a rare one among the Twelve Stars in that she possesses common sense even though most everyone else in the group has thrown that away. She is also the most virtuous person in the group after Virgo. Compared to the Four Kings of problem children who are never up to any good when they get screen time—the Scales, the Goat, the Scorpion, and the Lion—she is indeed very good.</p>

      <p>However, unlike her personality, her abilities were just as absurd and cheat-like as the other Twelve Stars, if not more. Pollux could take on all the other Twelve Stars by herself at once. Does she even need her older brother?</p>

      <p>Unlike the other Stars, the siblings Pollux and Castor are considered a single Star, and buffing both of them together would make them head and shoulders above the rest, as they’re split between the one with the stats and the one with the skills. However, as a result, Pollux has very weak base stats, which allow her skills to get even sillier. Somehow, she ended up as a ridiculously unbalanced character.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, Castor has stats that fall below Aries’s and no finishing unique ability to speak of... In all honesty, Castor isn’t even as strong as the other Twelve Stars. He’s about even with Fenix and Hydras, who only made their appearance at the end of the volume.</p>

      <p>Seriously, is the older brother even needed at this point?</p>

      <p>Well, stuff like that is basically a must-have in inflated battle series like this one. Characters who end up being introduced later in series like this have to be made stronger to keep up with the power creep. This work is the same in that regard. Unlike Aries, who came first and isn’t that strong, characters that come later like Leon and Pollux are absurd.</p>

      <p>Although there is a certain murderous maid who was introduced in volume 2 and still reigns supreme in the rankings for strongest...</p>

      <p>Still, that doesn’t mean that all the Twelve Stars who appeared earlier are weak. Aries is a bit lacking in the pure battle department, but his unique ability scales well with his opponent, so depending on the situation, he’ll do even more than Leon. Not to mention the fact that Aigokeros is quite strong in his own right if he actually tries.</p>

      <p>Huh? Then what about Karkinos, you say?</p>

      <p>...</p>

      <p>Well, as for the crab... He’s quite good at being a shield, I suppose.</p>

      <p>Anyway, around the time this volume 6 goes on sale, so will volume 1 of the comic version. If you happen to have any interest, please look it up. The great Hazuki’s beautiful illustrations are necessary for Lufas’s battles, which have, up until now, only been described in words.</p>

      <p>Actually, I feel weird saying this as the author, but it’s like I didn’t realize their fights were so ridiculous. When I was writing, I was just like, “She’s called the Great Conqueror, so she should at least be able to do this much, right?” But when I saw the actual art, I was blown away. Like Aries’s tackles... I wonder how many kilometers of land get burned by one of those... There’s also like whenever Lufas activates Pressure, or when Mars starts running around and he looks surprisingly strong. There’s a lot of cool places like that to look for.</p>

      <p>But seeing my own work become a manga is a strange feeling. The last time this happened was in grade school when I drew my own crap manga. It was a manga where for some reason Son Go〇 would only ever face forward, and as the panels went on, the art became more and more sloppy until the entire thing fell apart. In the end, he became a stick man from the neck down, still only facing forward as he beat up the enemies next to him without any sense of power or feeling at all.</p>

      <p>Yeah, back then I couldn’t even draw characters from the side. Oh man, that part of my past was embarrassing. Not only that, but back then, I liked drawing even though I was so bad at it, so I drew a whole bunch, and now I just write, so it looks like my ability to draw has gotten even worse. That’s why people who can draw are so amazing to me.</p>

      <p>I’m actually not sure myself how flashy the battle art for the comic version will get from now on, but if any of you have any interest, then it would make me happy to see you read that as well. Comic versions are great. They’re cheap, after all.</p>

      <p>As for me, whenever I look for a new light novel, I always start from the comic version. Then, if it’s interesting, I’ll move on to the original work. I think there are quite a number of people who’re the same, so I can’t help but hope a little that this opportunity will increase my readers a little more...</p>

      <p>Anyway, the story is now at its climax, and there are only a few enemies left. In terms of volumes, there’ll only be two or maybe three more at most. The final fight with Alovenus is definitely getting closer.</p>

      <p>And so, everyone, let us meet again in the next volume.</p>

      <p class="signature">-Firehead</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>