<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The slender man gave one last stomp before wiping the blood stuck to the bottom of his shoe on their clothes. Then, he turned to Sei with a smile on his face.</p>

      <p>“Now then, to be quite honest, wasting effort on a plebeian like you is just foolish, but I suppose it can’t be helped since my tools were so useless. I’ll have to put you in a world of hurt myself.”</p>

      <p>Wary of the new, unknown hostile, Sei silently put up his guard. <em>Looks like the thin guy wants a fight.</em></p>

      <p>Sei took a stance, but, the next moment, he lost sight of the thin man. Then, he felt a shockwave run through his gut, and he staggered.</p>

      <p><em>It hurts?! I was attacked? When?!</em> Sei had taken damage even though he hadn’t been attacked. He was bewildered at such an unbelievable turn of events, but that only lasted an instant. In the end, he’d gone through actual battle, so he’d gained at least some grit. Abandoning rational thought in the middle of a battle was a death sentence, so Sei reset his thoughts, putting aside his confusion and immediately starting to look for the slender man.</p>

      <p>Sei couldn’t see him, but at his feet he could feel a shadow that wasn’t his right beside his own.</p>

      <p>“Behind me!”</p>

      <p>As Sei turned around, he threw out a kick. It must have taken the slender man by surprise, since he managed to jump backwards. He wasn’t able to completely evade the kick though, and Sei’s foot grazed the man’s nose.</p>

      <p>The slender man touched down safety, but the expression on his face changed when he saw the drops of red he’d left on the ground. The kick which had grazed him had made his nose bleed. He glared, outraged. “You damn commoner! My face!”</p>

      <p>After wiping the blood roughly from his nose, the slender man once again disappeared. Right afterwards, Sei felt a shock as if he’d been punched in the face. Then, the shock was followed up by more to his gut, shoulders, and jaw, pain assailing him.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no doubt. I’m being attacked somehow! I’m not being punched, but somehow, I am! I’m not being kicked, but I still feel it! Is it the Esper class’s telekinesis? Or is he just that fast?</em> Sei couldn’t tell which of those it was or if it was something completely different. Luckily, however, the man’s strength and level weren’t far removed from Sei’s.</p>

      <p>The hero braced himself, grimacing through the pain and stopping himself from falling over. He also threw a fist out at the slender man, whose figure he caught out of the corner of his eye, but the man only disappeared again.</p>

      <p>“Don’t get a big head just because you got lucky and landed one hit. You’ll never win against me because I hold the power of an invincible hero!”</p>

      <p>The slender man grinned wide as he reached into a breast pocket.</p>

      <p><em>Is he going for a weapon?</em> Sei thought, quickly reaching for the katana at his waist.</p>

      <p>“Stop there, Sir Debris.”</p>

      <p>A man’s voice rang out from the darkness, breaking the tense atmosphere. The man who appeared was tall, mustachioed, and in his thirties.</p>

      <p>Sei, seeing the newcomer, felt even tenser than before. <em>This man... He’s strong. Probably stronger than Jean. He might even be as strong as Gantz.</em></p>

      <p>“He’s the hero that was officially recognized by the royal family of Laevateinn. You won’t gain anything by fighting him here.”</p>

      <p>“Hero? Oh? This one? That family really is no good. They’ve got no ability to scout talent.”</p>

      <p>The second man remained silent before giving a warning. “Be careful what you say. If someone related to the royal family hears that, you might be arrested.”</p>

      <p>The slender man—Debris—scrunched up his face in displeasure, saying nothing as he punched the man venting his anger. The man, who seemed to have predicted this, swayed for a moment but didn’t move an inch, saying nothing.</p>

      <p>Debris glared at Sei before declaring, “I know your face now. Remember that playing the hero of justice has a high cost,” in a low voice.</p>

      <p>With that, the two men turned and left. Once they were gone, Sei sighed, releasing the tension from his body. Then, he turned to talk to the girl who had been accosted and realized for the first time that the girl was familiar.</p>

      <p>“Huh? You’re...” He trailed off. “Alfie?”</p>

      <p>She was the mage girl who had once joined Sei’s party, aiming to defeat both the Devil King and the Great Conqueror, but had left right after having her spirit broken in the two monsters’ fight.</p>

      <h1>6</h1>

      <p>The atmosphere was awkward and uncomfortable. Alfie had once been recognized by the king and chosen to join the hero’s party, but she’d grown cold feet and left. This meant that, from Sei’s perspective, she was a coward and a deserter. Of course, Sei didn’t actually think that. He even indicated that he understood that such a reaction was only natural after seeing that fight, but that still didn’t mean he could simply greet her casually after all this time.</p>

      <p>Alfie herself also felt some guilt towards Sei. She felt that running after declaring they would fight together was shameful. Even then, she was scared. Just thinking about fighting those monsters left her unable to stop trembling.</p>

      <p><em>I mean, it’s only natural, right? </em>she thought. <em>They’re walking disasters. It’s like telling someone to fight an incoming avalanche or a tsunami or even a falling meteor. Of course it’s impossible. It’s way out of the realm of what living things can accomplish.</em></p>

      <p>However, Lufas and the Devil King had accomplished just that. They could blow away avalanches with one blow. They could split tsunamis and even crush meteors. That was just how monstrous they were.</p>

      <p>That was why Alfie had run. She hadn’t wanted to die trying to fight a battle she couldn’t win. She had once thought that she would fight with her life on the line, that for the future of the world she could put down her own life as collateral. However, she had been shown that her resolve to do so was weak and contingent on there being some sliver of hope to win.</p>

      <p>She had realized the painful truth that she wasn’t strong enough to go after a fight she had no chance of winning. Her reason screamed that she should be running instead of fighting the Great Conqueror or Devil King. Just like natural disasters, there was nothing to be done about them, so she felt that she should at least be lowering the casualties as much as possible. That was the answer she’d come to.</p>

      <p>But the boy who had been weak at the time had continued his journey, and now Alfie was shown the speed of his growth. He was still immature, but he was so much stronger compared to the past that they were almost completely different people. <em>Then what about me? </em>she thought.<em> I just ran, and now I was saved... </em>Alfie felt that she was incorrigibly embarrassing as well as wretched.</p>

      <p>Sei had realized that their conversation would stay at a standstill if he didn’t do anything, so after another moment of silence, he resolved himself and forced himself to say something. “Uhhh... Umm...”</p>

      <p>Alfie flinched in surprise when he spoke, her shoulders trembling as she quietly watched Sei. There was fear in her eyes. She was afraid he would blame her for running. She was scared she’d be yelled at for being a coward.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s been a while... You look...good. Anyway, uh... Yeah. What a coincidence, huh?” Sei said, choosing a harmless opening that had no chance of hurting her.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, you’re right. I never expected to see you here,” Alfie replied awkwardly, relieved.</p>

      <p>“F-For now, let’s get out of here. This place isn’t safe.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah.”</p>

      <p>Their conversation wasn’t flowing well, but they both knew what needed to be done at the moment. First, they had to get out of this back alley. If they didn’t, they couldn’t be sure how many random thugs and punks would come out of the woodwork. The thug life-form tended to pop up almost infinitely in places with bad public order.</p>

      <p>Sei and Alfie both ran back to the main street before proceeding to look for a place where they could talk at their leisure. They settled for a nearby eatery. It was a fairly fancy place with a crab sign that read King Crab Eatery #4.</p>

      <p>“Welcome to the Laegjarn branch of King Crab.”</p>

      <p>They were greeted by an employee wearing a red vest who seated them near a window. <em>Is it just me or do these people wear the exact same clothes as Karkinos from Lufas’s party? </em>Sei wondered. The two ordered what they wanted, and now that they could finally relax, they started to talk again.</p>

      <p>“Um... So, may I ask you something? Why were you being chased by people like them?”</p>

      <p>“Well... Hmm... Yeah, it’d be better to tell you, I think, since knowing would make you less likely to get yourself involved in something stupid than not knowing.”</p>

      <p><em>The men who chased Alfie down obviously aren’t normal. They probably belong to a wealthy person, a noble. One who’s really arrogant to boot.</em></p>

      <p>Such things weren’t exactly rare. Even on Earth, the world had basically been entirely in the hands of the noble class during the Middle Ages, and as history proved, many of them tended to be oppressive and tyrannical. Japan had been no different. You could’ve gotten yourself cut down in the street just by bumping into a samurai. <em>The problem is why people like that are chasing Alfie.</em></p>

      <p>“I just ended up seeing something I shouldn’t have. Basically, they’re trying to stop me from talking.”</p>

      <p>“Something you shouldn’t have?”</p>

      <p>“You know that there’s an annual martial tournament held in this city, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I heard from Kross.”</p>

      <p>While they were talking, a waiter brought the tea that Alfie had ordered and placed a cup of freshly squeezed fruit juice in front of Sei before quickly leaving.</p>

      <p>“So about that tournament. The prize this year is the honor of becoming the hero of the territory of the spear.”</p>

      <p>“Hero?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. They probably think that if their hero manages to take down either the Devil King or the Great Conqueror, they’ll then have more influence over the royal family.” Alfie paused. “Even though they’ll never be able to win.”</p>

      <p>While listening to Alfie, Sei imagined a hero in armor resolutely battling against Lufas or the Devil King. In his imagination, Lufas had an evil-looking smile, and behind her waited the Twelve Heavenly Stars in their full monstrous forms.</p>

      <p>Sei quietly considered the scene. <em>No, yeah, it’s impossible. Wouldn’t even take a second. </em>With that thought, Sei took a sip of his juice.</p>

      <p>“But that’s where the problem starts. Apparently the lord, the head of the Spess family, wants to make his heir the hero.”</p>

      <p>“And that was the guy just then?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Debris Spess. He’s the eldest son of the Spess family.” Alfie sipped her tea, her eyebrows scrunched unhappily. “He’s just the worst. He’s poisoning his opponents so he can win.”</p>

      <p>“Poison?!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Well, it isn’t strong enough to kill them though. He uses a relatively weak poison to make them really sleepy and give them stomachaches so intense they feel like they’re dying. So of course they aren’t able to fight properly.”</p>

      <p>As soon as Sei heard the word poison, his mind immediately went to Lufas’s follower Scorpius. He didn’t really have a good impression of her.</p>

      <p>“And it gets even worse... If he ever takes a liking to a woman, he just kidnaps them under the guise of treatment once he renders them immobile. One of my friends was participating in the tournament, and he took her.”</p>

      <p>“I see. So you saw that, and now you’re being chased.”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. I want to save her as soon as possible, but I’m alone... He has some sort of weird power too. I’m at a disadvantage.”</p>

      <p><em>Weird power... Yeah, it’s gotta be that thing. </em>Sei considered the unknown skill the man had used. He could move in an instant, putting out attacks that Sei couldn’t remember being dealt, as well as taking Alfie’s staff. As long as the skill was unknown, Sei didn’t believe they could win.</p>

      <p>Alfie tried to continue but couldn’t quite get the words out of her mouth. In truth, she wanted to ask Sei to help her, but she’d already abandoned him and run from the party once, so she couldn’t bring herself to do it.</p>

      <p>Still though, she wanted to save her friend. She thought she should ask him for help despite it being a shameless thing to do and something she had no right to ask for, but in the end, she couldn’t force herself to ask. <em>He’s willing to talk to me like this, so am I hoping somewhere in my heart that he’ll help me? He might help if I ask, but wouldn’t that be because of my shameless and wretched manipulations? I’m so...shameless.</em> Self-loathing rose within Alfie, and she bit her lip. Alfie decided to leave before she could allow herself to be coddled and rose out of her seat.</p>

      <p>“I feel a bit better after talking. Thank you.”</p>

      <p><em>I abandoned him. I was scared and ran. The past will never change. Even then, I want him to save me as soon as I’m in danger? How could I ask something so self-serving? I can’t. I shouldn’t. So I can’t keep him involved. He has his own mission. He doesn’t need to get mixed up in dumb fights between regular people like this.</em></p>

      <p>“I’ll pay the bill. Please relax here as long as you like.”</p>

      <p>“The food hasn’t come yet though...”</p>

      <p>Alfie didn’t reply immediately, her eyes wavering. <em>Oh yeah, I ordered an apple pie out of habit. </em>“It’s my thanks for saving me. You can have it.”</p>

      <p>“Getting treated by a girl is just uncool, so please spare me. Why are you trying to leave all of a sudden?”</p>

      <p>“That’s...”</p>

      <p>Sei gazed at Alfie straight on and spoke forcefully. “There’s no way I can pretend I’m not involved after hearing all this. I’ll help.”</p>

      <p>Alfie may have been hoping to hear those words, but she also feared them. Despicably, she wished for someone to save her, but she was so honest and straightforward that the truer she was to herself, the more distinctly she felt her own vulgarity and cowardice.</p>

      <p>Alfie hadn’t spent much time with Sei, so she didn’t know his nature as a person. Yet even then she had an inkling, given that he’d answered a summons from another world. He was just too nice.</p>

      <p>“Okay, let me get my friends first...”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait!”</p>

      <p>Sei’s move to gather people to help was absolutely correct. They were up against a noble, and it was only natural for nobles to have many people working under them. Trying to fight with just the two of them was reckless.</p>

      <p>However, Alfie regarded Sei and his party members as people she’d abandoned once, so gathering them all to help her was like lying on a bed of nails. It would be way past just uncomfortable. However, Sei wasn’t so dense as to not have noticed this; he knew what Alfie was worried about.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry. I’ll just get the people who weren’t around for that fight. That should make it a bit easier for you, right?”</p>

      <p>Alfie paused, considering the offer. “I-If that’s what you’re doing, then...”</p>

      <p>“Okay, just wait a little bit then. I’ll go get them now.”</p>

      <p>With that, Sei left his seat, casually leaving the payment for their food on the table. <em>I’m not sure what it’s like in this world, but at least in Japan it’s embarrassing for a man to let a woman pay.</em></p>

      <p>Ten minutes later, a group of people stood in front of Alfie, who definitely had not been around for the fight that had broken her will.</p>

      <p>“You’re such a goody-two-shoes, Sei. But it’s true that noble brat makes me angry, so I’ll help you.”</p>

      <p>First, there was the adventurer Jean. He hadn’t been with the party on their first aborted attempt, being someone the king had brought in later, so he had no idea who Alfie was. From her perspective, he just seemed “kind of like a punk,” though she felt that he basically wasn’t a problem.</p>

      <p>“Using authority for evil is inexcusable. I will give him a taste of my sword.”</p>

      <p>Next, there was the cat beastfolk, Petto. Alfie had to desperately control her desire to pet and cuddle him as she saw him try to stretch his tiny body to look as big as possible. <em>What the hell? He’s so cute! </em>she thought.<em> I wanna floof him. </em>Cats are the kind of dangerous animal that can charm people just by existing.</p>

      <p>“I do not understand human towns too well, but if you desire my help, then I will respond in the name of righteousness. Do not worry. No weak human soldier can win against me.”</p>

      <p>The third member was clearly dangerous. His form, which was completely hidden underneath his mantle and hood, was obviously suspicious. Not only that, but every once in a while something like a bug’s leg poked out from the gaps in the covering. His words also clearly indicated he wasn’t human, which made Alfie worried as to just who Sei had brought with him.</p>

      <p>“I understand what’s happening. Let’s do our best together!”</p>

      <p>The fourth member was a heaven-winged girl with pure-white wings. She looked lovely, but the whiteness of her wings was strange. <em>Aren’t pure-white wings a sign of royalty? Is this really all right?</em> Alfie wondered, wanting to believe that the girl just happened to have been born with the color and was wholly unrelated to her misgivings.</p>

      <p>“Bark!”</p>

      <p>And then there was the dog currently standing next to Sei, wagging its tail.</p>

      <p><em>No, wait a second. Will the dog even help?</em> However, everyone who had been introduced so far was at least barely acceptable in Alfie’s eyes. <em>Honestly, they do not seem like they belong to a hero’s party... </em>This was her honest impression, but they fit the bill.<em> </em>They checked the box of not having been there for the fight, as she was meeting them for the first time. Alfie wouldn’t feel uncomfortable with them at all. There was just one exception.</p>

      <p>“Yo, Alfie! Your daddy came to help!”</p>

      <p>Alfie couldn’t find the words to reply, staying silent.</p>

      <p>The last member was Gantz. He was a master mercenary with a shaved head and amazing muscles. Of course, Alfie was aware of his fame and strength. She also knew he’d be reliable. <em>Of course he’ll be reliable. He’s my daddy.</em></p>

      <p>Alfie glared at Sei, trembling with rage. <em>Why in the world did he bring my dad, of all people?!</em></p>

      <h1>7</h1>

      <p>The many entrants of the martial tournament were bursting with excitement that day. Their gazes were all concentrated on a circular ring. In that ring, two sword-bearing entrants clashed, sparks flying everywhere. However, the fight itself was one-sided. One of the fighters, a beautiful, brown-haired male warrior wearing heavy armor, was attacking the other contestant.</p>

      <p>Eventually, the other contestant fell to his knees. “Damn you...” he muttered begrudgingly. “You cheating coward...”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Whatever could you be talking about? I wish you wouldn’t blame me for your own lack of skill.”</p>

      <p>“How dare you...! You’re the one who poisoned me, you bastard!”</p>

      <p>“Did I really? I don’t know anything about that. A subordinate who loves me too much may have done it on their own, but that doesn’t have anything to do with me, does it?”</p>

      <p>The contestants’ conversation was lost in the tumult of the audience, unable to be heard by anyone else. To the audience, it only looked like the loser was howling something.</p>

      <p>“Well, even if what you said was true, a child could still tell who would be more fitting as a hero between you—an inelegant oaf—and a noble like me. Look at the audience. None of them want you to win either. They only came to watch my glorious victory and see you crawling on the ground, defeated.”</p>

      <p>“Yooouuuuuu!”</p>

      <p>The fallen warrior clenched his fist and punched, but it didn’t connect. He’d found himself unable to muster his full strength, only striking with about half his might, ever since he’d drunk what had been served in the waiting room.</p>

      <p>Debris laughed scornfully at the warrior as he swung his sword. The swipe removed everything from the warrior’s elbow down, causing him to scream in intense pain. However, there were no cries of outrage. This was a serious match with real weapons, after all, so while winning without killing the opponent was preferable, killing them was by no means illegal. Deaths were only considered an accidental outcome of the sport.</p>

      <p>“Gaaarrgghh...! I... I give—!”</p>

      <p>Even though the warrior attempted to forfeit, Debris didn’t allow him to finish his sentence. Instead, he skewered the warrior’s throat. Of course, attacking an opponent that had forfeited was against the rules. However, that was only the case if the judge heard the contestant forfeit.</p>

      <p>This time, the judge heard no such thing, remaining silent even after the warriors’ exchange. Sure, the words had probably reached his ears. The sound had probably passed through his eardrums and into his brain. The judge had decided he’d heard no such thing though, and acted as if the warrior had refused to submit out of stubbornness and died. Catching Debris breaching the rules would simply incur the wrath of the Spess family, meaning nothing but loss and hardship for the judge.</p>

      <p>“That’s it! This match goes to Contestant Debris!”</p>

      <p>With the judge’s call, Debris raised both his hands into the air in victory to appeal to the audience, which sent them into an excited frenzy.</p>

      <p>It had all happened as planned. Before the match, Debris would arrange it so his opponent was poisoned or drugged, then he’d buy out the judge so his victory was almost guaranteed. If he didn’t like his opponent, he could just ignore their declaration of forfeit and kill them, and any women who had the potential to become a toy could be taken away by him in the name of medical treatment. The audience surely thought he was just being a gentleman.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, yeah,</em> Debris thought, suddenly reminded of something. <em>That reminds me. That toy I got before was pretty fun. If I remember right, she was a knight. Her face was pretty good, so it was worth punching. Oh, right. Now that I think about it, she called out the name of some guy while I was playing with her. I wonder how he’ll react if I show him what she’s like now?</em></p>

      <p>To Debris, commoners were only good for being looked down upon, but they did have a single redeeming feature. It was fun to make them into toys. However, toys always broke eventually after too much use.</p>

      <p><em>It’s probably about time to throw that woman away. She stopped reacting recently. This was exactly why I appointed that woman’s friend, the mage girl Alfie, to be my new toy. But even though she was bestowed with such an honor, she ran away. How rude can someone get?</em></p>

      <p><em>On top of that, I was interrupted by that guy Sei. His head’s gotten too big just because he was appointed by the king. I really don’t like him. Mere commoners shouldn’t oppose me or stand up against me. They’re all just my toys. They have no other reason to exist! Yeah, that’s exactly why I’ve decided to break them. I’ll break everything that hero holds dear. I guess that’d be his friends?</em></p>

      <p>Right about now, Debris’s lackeys were heading to the inn the people who’d come into town with Sei were staying at in order to attack them.</p>

      <p><em>There were several beautiful women with him too, </em>Debris thought.<em> Maybe I should make some of them my new toys.</em></p>

      <p>He hadn’t noticed. Not yet. He had no idea that the beautiful woman he was referring to was a walking disaster, someone who should definitely never be messed with.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>There were many inns in Laegjarn. Many people such as mercenaries, adventurers, and swordsmen looking to test themselves flowed through the city, so the demand for inns naturally swelled. Among all these inns, the one those familiar with the city would consider the best was the Ratne Inn.</p>

      <p>Apparently the inn had been opened by a young man, the likes of which could be found anywhere, who just wanted a point of contact with his one-sided crush. His crush was associated with the knights, and normally the worlds they lived in were completely different. The young man had yearned for her though, and eventually the inn he’d opened in a last-ditch effort to meet her had gained fame due to the innkeeper’s cooking skills.</p>

      <p>At first, the girl had simply thought, <em>I can just try it once</em>, but eventually, she had gotten hooked on it and stayed there regularly. Because of that, the innkeeper had continually improved his cooking skills with the single-minded determination to please her. Eventually, the two of them had seen each other over and over, and the innkeeper had become the reason the girl had kept returning. Before she’d noticed, they had both fallen in love with each other, and they proceeded to start dating.</p>

      <p>Or so went the love story Dina would not stop talking about over lunch, despite the innkeeper from the story being right there.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, stop that, idiot. Staying quiet about it even though everyone knows the rumors is called kindness.</em></p>

      <p>I gave Dina a reproachful look as I bit into my bread, but she didn’t care. She just continued talking while fitting in asides like, “They’re so passionate!”</p>

      <p><em>I wonder why women are always so interested in other people’s love stories. Honestly, I don’t understand it. Hearing about other people being happy and in love just makes me angry. Like, just go and explode.</em></p>

      <p>However, the subject of these rumors, the owner, was looking really gloomy and didn’t display any reaction to Dina’s story. <em>Something bad probably happened. Or maybe he got dumped?</em> I thought as I brought some soup up to my mouth...</p>

      <p>An unexpected flavor made me pause, interrupting my train of thought. <em>It’s sweet! What the hell?! This soup is sweet?!</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, innkeeper! Did you mistake the sugar for salt in this soup?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?! I-I’m so sorry! I’ll fix it right away!”</p>

      <p><em>Mixing up salt and sugar is such an overdone trope even light novels had stopped doing it recently, and it’s worrying that he didn’t taste test the soup.</em> I’d heard that the big selling point of this inn was its food, but to be honest, I was slightly disappointed. Every dish I tried was missing something, being just short of what I’d expected. <em>It’s kind of like his heart’s not in it maybe...</em></p>

      <p>It wasn’t terrible, but the taste made me feel like the cook was holding back somehow or otherwise not really paying attention to the flavor. It was often said that cooking was about heart, and that really was correct. This saying wasn’t literal; people didn’t turn their heart or feelings of love into spices to physically season food with, but cooking was based upon accurate measurements and effort-intensive steps. This meant that to make good food the chef needed to wring out all the nerves and time they had, especially since this wasn’t Japan. There was nothing convenient here that you could just throw in a pot, cook for three minutes, and have it turn out delicious. In other words, cooking without someone’s heart and attention put into it meant that he had cut corners, which impacted flavor.</p>

      <p><em>How should I put it? Right now, the innkeeper seems to just not be paying attention, like he’s thinking about something else as he cooks. </em>I hesitated, considering the situation. <em>Well, I’m not that knowledgeable about cooking in the first place, so maybe this is all in my head. Though at least in cooking manga they churn out dishes that people take one bite of and go, “This dish is packed with love for xx! *flash*!” And I’m not equipped with such a conveniently skilled palate.</em></p>

      <p>While I pondered this, the owner hesitantly came up to me to talk.</p>

      <p>“Um... May I please ask you something? Could you possibly be adventurers?”</p>

      <p>“Adventurers? Hmm, right. We are adventurers, at least in name.”</p>

      <p>If someone asked me whether I was an adventurer, I’d say yes. I’d registered for it when I’d first come to this world, and I was able to take on requests as an adventurer as a result of that. Of course, all I’d done was take a few quests at the very beginning to raise funds for travel. I hadn’t done anything as an adventurer at all since then, so I was gradually slipping into NEEThood.</p>

      <p>At any rate, he’d asked whether I was technically an adventurer, so... “Do you have some sort of worry, innkeeper?”</p>

      <p>He paused, then replied in the affirmative. “Yes.”</p>

      <p>Something weighed on him heavily enough to want to rely on adventurers, and from the way he was acting, it was quite serious. If he just wanted someone to fix an inability to get precious ingredients or hunt down some monster meat, then he wouldn’t seem so grim.</p>

      <p>“Could I...trouble you to take my request? The reward will be... I can pay up to five hundred thousand el.”</p>

      <p>“That’s too much. It would depend on the details, but even ten percent of that would be too much when hiring adventurers.”</p>

      <p>“No, I need to pay at least this much. As for why, well, you might be starting a fight with nobles in the worst case.”</p>

      <p>The words that came out of the owner’s mouth stopped my spoon in its tracks. <em>I see. Nobles, huh? Well then, this is seeming more and more troublesome by the second. Still, it wouldn’t hurt to at least listen to what he has to say. </em>I paused, sensing something.<em> After I take care of these rude interlopers, that is.</em></p>

      <p>“Libra,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Libra, who was standing behind me, replied, as if I’d given her an order.</p>

      <p>The inn was currently surrounded, although the innkeeper didn’t seem to understand this. Saying it was killing intent would sound really edgy, but that was what I felt pointed towards us. In game terms, it was like I was being targeted, and I could somehow understand that.</p>

      <p><em>I can feel...twelve people surrounding us. That’s no problem for Libra on her own.</em></p>

      <p>That being said, they’d all be massacred if I left everything to her, so I needed to order her to hold back. I had to at least question the people surrounding us as to why they were attacking, after all.</p>

      <p>“Capture all of them and get information from them.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. How should I do that?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm? Ah... Just do it like normal.”</p>

      <p>“I understand my mission. Executing orders.”</p>

      <p>The moment I finished giving her orders, Libra walked outside calmly, as if she didn’t suspect a thing. Once she exited, I started hearing men screaming over and over. <em>I have no idea who any of you are, but I still feel for you anyway.</em></p>

      <p>Eventually, the screams died down. The entrance once again opened, revealing Libra without even a speck of blood on her. She was dragging twelve men behind her as well, all of whom had been tied up. They’d been rendered completely helpless—their arms and legs were bent the wrong way without exception, cloth was stuffed into their mouths, and they’d been blindfolded.</p>

      <p>“I have captured them. I will now proceed to interrogation. Should I borrow Aigokeros’s power for this?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“Wait just a second there, Libra,” said Scorpius. “Wouldn’t my poison be better for interrogations?”</p>

      <p>“No, I am able to get information out of them even without your help.”</p>

      <p>“Grrrrrr...”</p>

      <p>Just like that, Libra took Aigokeros upstairs with her. While they ascended, the men she dragged behind her hit the stairs repeatedly. <em>Is that really okay? Whatever you do, don’t dirty my room. We don’t actually own the place.</em></p>

      <p>“Sagittarius.”</p>

      <p>“Yes!”</p>

      <p>“Once Libra has everything she can get from them, find the one who ordered them to do this.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>I handed out my orders while tearing my bread into pieces and dipping them in my soup. Screams immediately came from the room we were renting; it sounded like the world was ending.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell is happening in there? </em>I shuddered to imagine.<em> But, well... I have no idea who they are, but I can’t really be too merciful given that they’ve decided to make enemies of us. I’ll respond in kind if they come at us. Allowing it to breed future trouble would mean even more trouble, so I’ll be cleaning all this up, if possible.</em></p>

      <p>All I could say about them was that they picked the wrong time to pull this. If they had faced off against me when I had first come to this world, then I might not have been so cold. I might even have given them mercy. A half-assed middle ground probably did exist, but apparently I wasn’t nearly that kind anymore.</p>

      <h1>8</h1>

      <p>Sei was hiding in and investigating a waiting room behind the scenes of the tournament, which was still going on showily. The waiting room had been prepared by the Spess family, who ran the tournament. If Alfie’s words were to be believed, then Debris had kidnapped several contestants. However, that didn’t mean they could just come crashing in fists first. If they did, then the other side would just come up with some excuse, and Sei and the others would be the ones branded as criminals. Moreover, their opponents were the nobles who governed the entire spear territory. They couldn’t be careless in their approach.</p>

      <p>Sei and the others had the status of heroes chosen by the king. Careless moves might affect the king and cause people to lose trust in him. If that happened, then Debris, who was filled with ambition, might be able to use the incident as leverage. Things would have been easier if a monster like Lufas, who had no social fetters and could destroy not only a noble family but humanity as a whole by her lonesome, had been doing this, as she could just waltz in through the front. However, that wasn’t an available option, so instead, they needed to gather proof first in order to gain just cause.</p>

      <p>They were already past the stage of simply suspecting that the Spess family was engaging in criminal activity, since Sei had seen Alfie being cornered. Debris had hired thugs, and he had even been seen abusing them when they had turned out to be useless. Setting aside feelings, Debris had yet to ever exceed simply being somewhat suspicious from an outsider’s point of view, so the first order of business was securing proof. But...</p>

      <p>“Did you find anything?” Gantz asked.</p>

      <p>Sei shook his head. “No, nothing on my end.”</p>

      <p>After searching the waiting rooms of the contestants thought to have been taken, they found nothing that even resembled evidence. It seemed everything had been thoroughly cleaned. They could have captured Debris if they’d at least found evidence that the drinks had been poisoned, which may have then been used to snowball into other things, but nothing was ever that easy.</p>

      <p>“Oh, yeah... Alfie, how did you figure out the contestants were being poisoned?” Sei asked. “I’m not doubting you, but maybe the poison is more obvious to people who know about it or something...”</p>

      <p>Alfie was quiet for a moment, but eventually said, “I know because I actually drank some.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, I drank some,” Alfie answered, averting her gaze. “So Raile was waiting in her room before the match— Oh, Raile is my friend’s name. Anyway, I was called to her waiting room, and I drank some tea she offered me. Like I said, the poison itself only makes you sleepy and unable to muster your strength, so I was able to move again after a while. But Raile had already lost her match. I panicked and hurried to try to find her, and that’s when I found Debris in the process of taking her somewhere, and I got chased to force my silence.”</p>

      <p>“I-I see.”</p>

      <p><em>Apparently Alfie’s pretty careless. No, well, I guess you’d never expect a drink your friend gave you to be poisoned in the first place. Not to mention her friend was also poisoned, so predicting this would probably be pretty difficult...</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, Petto,” Jean said. “Can you find anything using your sense of smell?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t ask for the impossible. Dog beastfolk are the ones who are good at that. I am a cat. So, no.”</p>

      <p>“Aw, the hell? You’re so useless.”</p>

      <p>Jean and Petto also seemed to have struck out in the room they had been searching, so they regrouped with Sei. If Petto had happened to be a dog beastfolk then he would have been able to follow the trail of the faintest scent, but as a cat, that was impossible.</p>

      <p>They had nothing. Everyone was dejected after realizing that, but while they were trying to come up with their next steps, a single being was moving. The dog that had been at Sei’s feet the entire time suddenly ran off down the hallway as if he’d suddenly realized something.</p>

      <p>“Hey, where’re you going?!”</p>

      <p>Sei hurried to follow, and soon enough, he rounded a corner and found the dog howling at a wall in a slightly higher-pitched voice than normal. <em>Why is this dog so concerned about a wall? </em>Sei tried touching the wall, but nothing seemed off. It was just a wall.</p>

      <p>Gantz and the others caught up at that point, and Jean immediately understood what was going on. “Move aside, Sei. I’m pretty sure I know what this is,” Jean said as he knocked on the wall, looking for a difference in the sound it made.</p>

      <p>As an adventurer, he’d gone into ruins many times, so the difference in sounds was something only he could know as someone with experience. Ruins often had hidden doors like this, and being able to find and open them was a necessary skill for first-rate adventurers. After searching for a while, Jean finally found a small hole at the bottom of the wall, a hole so small no one would ever notice it unless they knew it was there.</p>

      <p>“Jackpot!”</p>

      <p>Jean took what seemed to be a wire out of his pocket and shoved it into the hole. Then, he fiddled with it for a bit. Something clicked, and Jean returned the thing to his pocket. With that done, he touched the wall, moving it to the side. In doing so, the wall slowly slid away and revealed a hidden passage.</p>

      <p>“That’s pretty impressive.”</p>

      <p>“I <em>do</em> happen to be a famous adventurer. Something like this is easy to figure out.”</p>

      <p>The group entered the passage with Jean in front and Gantz as the rear guard. The victims, as well as several of Debris’s lackeys, were most likely at the end of this passage, wherever it led.</p>

      <p>They descended some stairs and approached a corner when Jean stopped. He signaled for Sei and the others to be quiet before carefully peeking around the corner. As expected, there were several guards posted ahead, and they had weapons. Charging in full force was an option, of course, but if they ended up having issues putting the lackeys down and reinforcements came, then they’d be in trouble.</p>

      <p>Sei and his group were by no means weak. They had Gantz, who was hailed as the strongest mercenary, and Sargess, an ex-demihuman leader. Given members like them, the group was actually pretty strong. But even then, if they were faced with one or two hundred people they’d be brought down by sheer numbers. Moreover, they were in enemy territory. There was no telling what kind of traps the enemy had in place.</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me,” Sargess piped up in a confident tone before swiftly jumping out of the shadows and running along the wall.</p>

      <p>He was so quick about it the soldiers had no chance to react. Just like that, Sargess moved to the ceiling, and no sooner had he dropped on top of them than several soldiers similarly fell to the floor.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What the...?!”</p>

      <p>“An attack?!”</p>

      <p>The soldiers panicked and hurried to ready themselves, but Sargess had already disappeared from view. The next moment, Sargess launched himself at them from the side, taking one of the soldiers with him and slamming the poor man against a wall before continuing on. He moved exactly like a hunter. His victims couldn’t even make sense of what was happening; they were simply picked off one after the other. It only took a few scant seconds before all the soldiers were unconscious, and once Sargess had finished his hunt, he returned to Sei and the others.</p>

      <p>“Okay, let’s go,” he said.</p>

      <p>Having seen Sargess’s strength, Sei and Jean raised their voices in shock and admiration.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah,” Sei said, shocked.</p>

      <p>“Dang, spider dude,” Jean said after a moment of awed silence.</p>

      <p>Sargess was frightening as an enemy but also truly reliable as a friend. In fact, they were now starting to wonder how they had managed to win, though it was a bit late for that. <em>Well, we didn’t exactly win through sheer skill and strength...</em></p>

      <p>After some progress, Sei smelled something off-putting, and he scrunched his face in disgust. “Hmm? This smell... Is there blood ahead?”</p>

      <p>Petto also seemed wary of the smell, saying, “I have a bad feeling about this. Let’s be careful,” after a moment of silence.</p>

      <p>The party started to move slower and more carefully. Eventually, they came upon a scene that made them want to vomit.</p>

      <p>It was women.</p>

      <p>There were broken women everywhere. They’d been disposed of. One woman, who was hanging from the ceiling by her bindings, was strong enough to groan. There was another one who’d been pinned to the wall and had darts sticking out of her. A woman who was slumped on the floor let out a wordless groan as well, and there was another one in the back of the room with a face so burned it was impossible to tell what she had looked like before. Virgo had to cover her mouth after seeing this sight, and everyone else had similar disgusted reactions.</p>

      <p>“This is awful...”</p>

      <p>“What the hell...is this?”</p>

      <p>“Tch... So this is what nobles do for fun? How dare they call themselves ‘noble’!”</p>

      <p>Sei resisted the urge to vomit, but Jean didn’t bother to hide his disgust and spat. Gantz said nothing, but his expression clearly displayed his rage, and Petto’s fist was also shaking.</p>

      <p>“Raile! Where’s Raile?!”</p>

      <p>Alfie lost her cool after seeing the room, and she started shouting as she looked for her friend. But Raile was nowhere to be seen; no matter how much Alfie looked she couldn’t find her friend. Well, not exactly. Alfie just hadn’t noticed her.</p>

      <p>For a long moment, Alfie’s shouting was only met by silence. Then, the woman slumped over in the back spoke up. “That voice... Alfie?” Her face was so burned there was no trace of its former features.</p>

      <p>Alfie rushed over and picked her up. “Raile?!”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, what a horrible thing to do to a person!</em> Her features, which had once surely been beautiful, were now stained a dark red. Even her hair had almost all been burned away. Tears built up in Alfie’s eyes, and she hugged her changed friend tightly. “Why...?”</p>

      <p>A voice came from behind Sei, answering Alfie’s question. “Ah, please don’t misunderstand. I wasn’t the one who did that. That idiot woman did that to herself.”</p>

      <p>Everyone in the room turned around and saw a nobleman along with his followers. Debris Spess was grinning smugly.</p>

      <p>“That idiot went and burned her own face, even though I deigned to play with her, since she was somewhat pretty. Thanks to that, it’s just no fun with her anymore. I wonder if she wanted to make some sort of show of fidelity, even though she’s just some knight girl. I just don’t understand it. Well, she’s not even worth fucking anymore, so I can just throw her away, but then I’d only feel annoyed and dissatisfied. And I’m not a fan of simply accepting things. <em>I </em>get even.”</p>

      <p>It was hard to imagine Debris spouting anything more selfish than that, and Jean was already seething in anger. “You bastard...!” he shouted, going straight for Debris.</p>

      <p><em>As a man, I can’t forgive him! </em>Jean thought.<em> </em>He felt the need to punch Debris until his smug face was just as deformed as Raile’s. No, even more so. But the next instant, Jean felt a sharp pain in his gut and fell to his knees.</p>

      <p>“Gagh! Agh...?!”</p>

      <p>“I’d appreciate it if you didn’t approach me with such familiarity, you lowly, filthy adventurer. I am much, much more valuable than you are. Learn your place.”</p>

      <p>Jean was confused. <em>What happened to me? What did he do?</em></p>

      <p>Jean had actually been attacked, and it wasn’t only him who was confused. No one else understood what had just happened either. Even Sargess, who had the highest stats among the entire party, was the same, and he couldn’t hide his surprise.</p>

      <p>“I can hardly believe this. You can’t possibly think you can fight me? Please, don’t get so full of yourselves. I’m different from all of you. I am a chosen existence. You plebeians aren’t even allowed to touch me,” Debris said. He held up a finger with a ring on it in front of his face, as if he was showing it off.</p>

      <p>“Don’t kid yourself! We’ll never forgive you!”</p>

      <p>Alfie thrust her palm outwards, unleashing a bullet of fire, but the flames never reached their intended target. Instead, they hit one of Debris’s followers, who were waiting behind him.</p>

      <p>Debris was already behind Alfie with a clenched fist. “What a naughty girl. To think you’d fire magic at me... What would you do if it had hit?” Debris spoke as he punched.</p>

      <p>Sargess managed to intervene, stopping the blow and immediately transitioning into a counterattack. However, Debris had disappeared once again.</p>

      <p>“...!”</p>

      <p><em>No, he didn’t disappear, </em>Sargess realized. The robes disguising him had been cut, and he felt pain as if he’d been slashed by a bladed weapon. Sargess’s body was tough enough that the wound wasn’t very large, but that wasn’t the problem. Debris had slashed Sargess at a speed so fast that the demihuman couldn’t even register it. That was the problem.</p>

      <p>“What the hell is with that toughness of yours? Why won’t my blade work against you?”</p>

      <p>Sargess was quiet, analyzing what had just happened. “You use a mighty strange skill there. It’s not speed. It’s more like you’re accomplishing all your moves in an instant before anyone can even register it.”</p>

      <p>“Oh ho, so you can tell.” Debris laughed, seemingly impressed after hearing Sargess’s deduction. Then, he showed off his ring once again. “You are correct. You won’t be able to do anything about it even if I explain it to you, so I’ll tell you. You see, I can stop time.”</p>

      <p>“Stop...time?! Don’t make up lies! Only the Goddess can do that!”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then maybe the Goddess saw fit to give me that power.”</p>

      <p>Debris’s smirk deepened, giving off an even stronger impression of him looking down on them as he bragged. He might have always wanted to brag to someone about this, actually. Prideful men who placed importance on how they looked always wanted to show off whatever was special about them.</p>

      <p>“This is a divine relic that the Goddess once gifted to the Sword King Alioth in ages past in order to defeat the Black-Winged Conqueror. It’s named ‘The Ring of Time.’ So, what if Alioth entrusted the ring to a friend, and it’s been passed on to that friend’s descendants ever since?”</p>

      <p>“N-No way... That’s...”</p>

      <p>“Mm, that’s a good expression. It’s the expression of someone who’s realized our absolute difference in power, knows that there’s nothing they can do to win, and is experiencing anger at the unfairness of the world and despair in equal measure. My favorite... Yes, I love it!” Debris smiled wide as he drew the sword at his waist.</p>

      <p>In response, Sei and the others all took battle stances, but no one knew how much that would accomplish. After all, their opponent could stop time and attack while they couldn’t move. No amount of defense or evasion could help that.</p>

      <p>Debris disappeared, and blood spurted from Sei’s leg. Sei tried to counterattack, but there was nothing he could do in the face of the unfairness of time manipulation.</p>

      <p>Thus started a completely one-sided fight.</p>

      <h1>9</h1>

      <p>The fight had been going on for some time. Sei and his group had fallen to the floor by this point. Their weapons had been taken and their legs cut. They were no longer in any condition to fight.</p>

      <p>Well, they might still have had a chance if it was just Debris they were fighting. It was true that his ability to stop time could not have been more troublesome, and no mercenary or adventurer, no matter how seasoned, could bring out their full power without their weapons. However, the man who acted as Debris’s right hand was just as troublesome. If it weren’t for him, they would have been able to take advantage of the openings Debris had shown, and victory might have been possible for Sei’s team.</p>

      <p>Sargess and Virgo were still standing, but neither of them could find a hand to play in the face of the power to stop time.</p>

      <p>“Do you all get it now? This is the difference between those who have been chosen and those who have not. The difference between us is insurmountable,” said Debris, basking in the glow of his win.</p>

      <p>“What the hell are you sounding all proud for...?” Alfie felt she had to get some revenge, so she threw out a snide remark. “Your ring’s doing all the work, not you.”</p>

      <p>At the moment, the only thing she could move freely was her mouth, but apparently those words worked better than Alfie had expected, as Debris’s face shifted in anger before their eyes.</p>

      <p>It only took a moment for him to formulate a response. “Did you just...insult me?” Debris instantly moved right in front of Alfie and stomped on her back.</p>

      <p>“Aggh!”</p>

      <p>“You damn lowly plebeian. How dare you—” He stomped. “Insult—” He stomped again. “Me?!” He stomped her back, her head, her arms, and her legs. He seemed to feel no guilt as he trampled her all over without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“YOOUUUUU!”</p>

      <p>Seeing this, Gantz exploded in anger. He forced himself upright, picked up his ax, and swung with all his might. That caught Debris by surprise, but he quickly disappeared, evading the ax. However, Virgo immediately managed to figure out where Debris would end up with her sharp senses, so she flew, making a swipe with her sword as she did so.</p>

      <p>“Eep?!”</p>

      <p>Her sword flashed and gleamed, passing by in front of Debris’s face. Panicked, Debris stopped time and took some distance, but that only caused Virgo to lose sight of him for a moment. She immediately found him again and changed direction.</p>

      <p>She wasn’t actually following him through stopped time; she really had lost sight of him. However, their speeds in real time were so different that she simply managed to shift and attack before Debris could even start moving. After fighting for a while she understood. The ring was certainly a threat, but Debris himself wasn’t.</p>

      <p><em>Then I’ll just push through all at once!</em></p>

      <p>However, Debris’s right-hand man stopped Virgo in her tracks.</p>

      <p>“That’s that. Don’t you care what happens to this boy?”</p>

      <p>Virgo stopped in tracks, alarmed.</p>

      <p>The man was sitting right next to Sei, holding a knife to the hero’s throat threateningly. If someone else moved, Sei’s throat would be slit. This prohibited Sargess and Virgo from fighting even though they could still move. Just like that, Debris had gained free rein and total safety.</p>

      <p>A smile crept up his face, and he started punching Virgo’s face in turn.</p>

      <p>“Grk!”</p>

      <p>“H-How dare you surprise me... You’re just a commoner with no redeeming features. You too! Don’t just allow me to be exposed to danger! Useless!”</p>

      <p>In a fit of irritation, Debris struck his right-hand man before refocusing his attention on Virgo. She’d been punched, but this was where stats made a difference. Her cheek had turned a little red, but it wasn’t swollen, and Virgo glared at Debris courageously. That seemed to have touched a nerve, as Debris clicked his tongue, but his expression quickly changed into a rather nasty smile.</p>

      <p>“This is troubling. Boorish, impolite commoners like you need to be educated. Don’t you know manners are very important? Those who don’t will run into a lot of trouble in the future, so I’ll teach you for your own sake.”</p>

      <p>At first, Virgo was quiet, but then replied with, “You don’t deserve any politeness.”</p>

      <p>Debris responded to Virgo not with words but with a silent punch.</p>

      <p>Gantz clenched his fist in anger so hard he drew blood. Sei was also angry at his own powerlessness after being taken hostage.</p>

      <p><em>Why?! Why am I this weak?! Why am I this wretched and miserable?! I need power... Enough to beat this asshole and protect everyone.</em></p>

      <p>Debris continued to stomp on Alfie while raising his hand to Virgo, but the girls still refused to change their attitudes, and soon his patience reached the end of its rope. “You both need to learn your place,” Debris said, putting his hands on the clothes that Virgo wore and tearing it off all at once. Her white skin as well as the underwear she wore underneath it all were exposed. However, despite her feelings of embarrassment, Virgo still glared at Debris head-on.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what do you think you’re doing?!”</p>

      <p>“What?” Debris paused. “Isn’t it obvious? I’m educating them. This will be an honor. These mere commoners will have the experience of being bedded by one of noble birth.”</p>

      <p>The corners of Debris’s mouth warped into a grin as he tilted Virgo’s chin up. Nobody could stop him. Sei was being held hostage, so no one could move. Debris didn’t even bother to hide his lust as he reached out for Virgo’s underwear with a vulgar look on his face.</p>

      <p>The next moment, the ceiling caved in and a beautiful woman in a red cloak descended.</p>

      <p>For a moment, there was nothing but stunned silence. “Wha?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. A basement, here of all places? Are you sure this is it?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, master. This is the place Sagittarius found.”</p>

      <p>There stood the symbol of fear who boasted otherworldly beauty, and a steel doll servant. Lufas took a quick look around, her eyes widening when she spotted Sei and the others. On the other hand, Alfie, faced with the subject of her trauma, went paler than she ever had before. Unlike when Alfie had first seen Lufas, the Great Conqueror was currently in disguise. She wore glasses and had hidden her wings, but her face was out in the open, so anyone who knew her would see through the disguise right away.</p>

      <p>“What are you all doing in a place like this?”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s my question, Lufas,” said Sei. “Why are you here?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, there was a request from the owner of the inn. We don’t really care about the reward, but he seemed very concerned and it was affecting his cooking. That seemed like a waste, so We came to solve the problem.”</p>

      <p>Sei was shocked at the answer he got, and he started to wonder what the hell all his effort and pain was for. Even though they’d done their best to follow the trail of villainous deeds, Lufas had just done the same thing so easily, and only because she’d wanted to eat good food.</p>

      <p>At some point, Libra had separated from Lufas, and now she was back holding the girl with the burned face. “Master, this is who we are looking for. Her features match the description.”</p>

      <p>Lufas contemplated in silence for a moment. “Hmm.”</p>

      <p>Seeing the woman’s burned face, Lufas narrowed her eyes coldly. Then, she took notice of the wounds Sei’s group had incurred, looking even more unhappy, especially when she took note of Alfie’s state. But all of that was just a drop in the bucket compared to what was next. When she saw Virgo with her underwear exposed, the aura around Lufas changed, and at that moment, all expression disappeared from her face.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>