<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>1</h1>

      <p>The fairy paradise Alfheim was an inviolable sanctuary in the form of a large forest where spirits and fairies lived. The Fairy Princess, Pollux, was called the symbol of light for Mizgarz, but she was also said to be a representative of the Goddess. In fact, she had given guidance to many chosen ones and heroes, stretching far back into the ancient past, and it had even been recorded that she sometimes granted them legendary weapons.</p>

      <p>Even the Devil King couldn’t put his hands on Alfheim easily, but it currently played host to an unwanted guest. The guest was a young man wearing a mantle and white armor who, at first glance, might have seemed like a hero—Terra. The prince of the devilfolk had penetrated deep into the forest and was facing off with one half of the Twins of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, the Fairy Princess, Pollux.</p>

      <p>She was a fairy, but her form basically couldn’t be differentiated from a human’s. She wore a headband over her honey-colored hair, and she had on a tricolor dress. Yet anyone who saw her could sense a mysterious, otherworldly air about her.</p>

      <p>Terra, the prince of the devilfolk, was a life-form comprised of mana, while the leader of the fairies, Pollux, was a life-form comprised of divine power. Normally, they could easily be described as natural enemies, but Terra held no animosity for her. In fact, he respected the great leader of light and hadn’t come this far to make an enemy of her. He only wanted to learn how to create an avatar and use said power to free a woman from the terrible fate of all devilfolk.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, Pollux’s response was...</p>

      <p>“If you win, I won’t mind giving you a hint. Though that really just means I have no intention of telling you anything.”</p>

      <p>This was a clear rejection, and she calmly summoned an army against which Terra had no chance. Pollux’s skill, Argonautai, could summon heroic spirits from the past, giving them temporary physical bodies. It was an almost godlike ability.</p>

      <p>Race did not matter. As long as she recognized the individual as a hero, she could then bring them back, even if they were monsters. She summoned humans, vampires, heaven-winged, elves, dwarves, halflings, and beastfolk. On top of all that, she also brought back bug people, merfolk, plant races, snake people, and even members of races that had died out long ago. They all took up their weapons at the same time to protect her. There was no limit on how many people she could call forth; Pollux could continue summoning until she ran out of SP.</p>

      <p>Pollux had another special ability as well; she was able to use her sleeping true body to endlessly draw magic and divine power from Mizgarz itself. In short, it was proof that her true body had limitless power, but it was likely that there were very few who could ever deduce her true form.</p>

      <p>“Give him a taste of pain. Just enough that he never comes back, okay?” Pollux handed out her orders, and the heroes set off at once.</p>

      <p>Terra drew his sword, swiftly sending an attack towards the giant in the lead, but it used its large sword to easily block Terra’s slash and pushed the prince back. Two heaven-winged knights cut in, forcing Terra to quickly attempt a dodge, though he was still served a shallow cut to the shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Grk?!”</p>

      <p>Terra managed to react, avoiding a lethal blow and impressing Pollux.</p>

      <p>“Oh ho... Those are some good reflexes.”</p>

      <p>Her voice still held no hint of wariness towards Terra. She was just praising his desperate struggles, as an absolute victor with one hundred percent confidence in her success. It was only a matter of course; there was no reason for her to lose. She’d win even if she went and took a nap.</p>

      <p>It was like playing chess when her side of the board was filled with queens, knights, and other powerful pieces surrounding the other side, which only had a king. What was there to be cautious of? Not to mention the fact that she had several heroes who were stronger than Terra too.</p>

      <p>In order to turn this situation around, the king would have to be so ridiculously strong it could flip the entire chessboard. Pollux knew of one such ridiculous king who had forced her to admit defeat in the past, but unfortunately, she was on a completely different level than Terra. In the end, this was checkmate; the fight was over before it had started.</p>

      <p>“Just give up and leave already. I don’t really make it a hobby to bully the weak.”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t it a bit early to be acting like you’ve already won?”</p>

      <p>“Is it? Then go ahead and continue your useless struggle as long as you like.”</p>

      <p>A giant stepped forward and swung its club at Terra. The prince of the devilfolk had definitely put his guard up in time, but he was simply blown away, guard still up, due to the giant’s ridiculous strength.</p>

      <p>Several types of beastfolk were waiting at the place Terra was flying towards, and they all attacked the prince at once. Terra barely managed to avoid those attacks, but he was gradually becoming more and more wounded, unable to find any room to counterattack.</p>

      <p>Terra backed up, making some room to swing his sword, and threw a blue slash outwards. However, his attack was unable to defeat even one enemy; it was completely blocked by several shields that had appeared in its way. On top of that, his attack was returned several times over with spells of all elements, several of them even canceling each other out as others hit Terra.</p>

      <p>“Gak! Grrrrr!”</p>

      <p>It was hard to say that the argonautai’s teamwork was good. In fact, they were so scattered you could say it was downright bad. Each one acted alone while attacking Terra, which was the reason why he was barely managing to stay in the fight.</p>

      <p>If Castor were around, he would have been able to gather the heroes into one force, one army. However, Pollux was unable to do that as she held no combat ability herself, since she never set foot on the battlefield. Even though she had an unfair ability to endlessly create fighters, she was only able to call them forth. She didn’t have the ability to use them properly. In other words, she wasn’t able to make full use of her own skills.</p>

      <p>In fact, the huge numbers of heroes she’d summoned caused them to get in each other’s way, greatly lowering each of their respective power levels. There were even some instances of them moving in front of one another, resulting in friendly fire.</p>

      <p>However, that didn’t mean Terra could win. No matter how scattered and leaderless they were, their individual power levels were still all in the top bracket of the entirety of Mizgarz. Just having all these heroes that Terra might not even be able to beat one-on-one band together to attack him represented an unbelievable threat. Even if he managed to defeat one or two, Pollux would simply resummon them immediately. Their numbers were essentially infinite as long as he didn’t do something about her. That being said, they were so numerous he couldn’t even get close.</p>

      <p>And her skills were still even more unfair.</p>

      <p>“I’ll take the liberty of pushing you over the edge. Heroes, give your lives to become the cornerstones of victory!”</p>

      <p>Several members with the Chosen class responded to Pollux’s order. They weren’t from two hundred years ago. They were far older, most likely from thousands or even tens of thousands of years before. Having received the order, they didn’t hesitate to give their lives to activate the skill Soul Succession. It was one of the skills of the Chosen class, and it created a permanent barrier that both buffed allies and debuffed enemies. However, such a powerful effect had a correspondingly high cost, requiring the user’s life.</p>

      <p>The Chosen in the crowd activated this skill with no hesitation at all, disappearing into motes of light. At the same time, all the argonautai became noticeably stronger while Terra had his stats suddenly lowered until he was the equivalent of being level 200. Even then, the nightmare still wasn’t over.</p>

      <p>“Gather, dead souls, to mine side. Return to the dance, my precious children!”</p>

      <p>Pollux once again activated her skill, and in doing so, she returned to life the heroes who had literally just given up their lives. This was the most unreasonable part of the argonautai—their ability to infinitely resurrect. To these heroic spirits, huge costs like that of the user’s life were of no consequence. After all, they were already dead, and as long as Pollux was around, they could come back as many times as was required.</p>

      <p>Even one casting of Soul Succession was peerlessly powerful. Having multiple instances of it overlapping boosted the heroes’ stats over what would be normal for level 1000. Going by stats alone, all of them were now in the same class as the Seven Heroes in strength.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, Terra had been horribly weakened. He was now more frail than the Seven Luminaries, which meant that this fight was basically between several hundred Alioths and one Mars. It wasn’t even a real fight anymore.</p>

      <p>“Now then, even a toddler would understand that there’s no point in fighting anymore... Do you still intend to continue?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. I will not give up.”</p>

      <p>“Fool. This isn’t bravery. It’s just suicide.”</p>

      <p>The heroes once again started their fierce attack. This was now just an execution. One side was simply beating on the other, though they were barely toeing the line so Terra wouldn’t die. He was punched and kicked and laid low in the dirt miserably before being stomped on and thrown. The victor was now obvious to anyone who had the opportunity to look.</p>

      <p>Even so, Terra unrelentingly took up his sword. Sadly, though, his sword couldn’t even scratch Pollux’s heroes in his weakened state.</p>

      <p>Pollux raised her eyebrows seeing him like that, indicating her irritation. “Learn your lesson already. How long are you going to insist on this uselessness?”</p>

      <p>“Who knows...? How long do you think?”</p>

      <p>Terra acted like he had room to negotiate, but he had no such thing. In fact, he was punched in the face after that show while being told to shut up. It was no longer a fight at this point. It was just a thrashing.</p>

      <p>Pollux’s expression twisted as she watched the ghastly, one-sided scene. Honestly, it was tough for her. If Terra had been like other devilfolk, and had talked a big show while looking down at her, she would probably have had no qualms about doing this. If he had been the same kind of person as Leon, then she would have gone so far as to eliminate him. And if he had been like Benetnasch, Pollux would have had to go all-out anyway just to stay alive.</p>

      <p>Yet after talking to him, Pollux understood that he wasn’t really all that evil. In fact, he was fighting for someone he loved, and that made it really hard for her to keep doing this. His wishes and beliefs were both noble and pure, something Pollux normally loved, and because she wanted to cheer him on, she found it hard to trample all over his goals. She didn’t like having to stamp out brave flowers trying their hardest to bloom in this hellish world. If he were some sort of poisonous flower that thought nothing of the trouble it caused to its surroundings, then she wouldn’t hesitate to pluck it, but this was honestly impossible for her. Pollux just couldn’t get into it.</p>

      <p><em>I truly hate this. I can’t even put him to sleep because he’s resistant to status effects...</em> Pollux closed her eyes in melancholy as she heaved a sigh, then she turned around on her heel and left the battlefield.</p>

      <p>“Anyone with the Blunted-Sword Strike skill, continue to hit him with it until he faints. The rest can stand by. I don’t want to incur the wrath of the Devil King, so make sure not to kill him.”</p>

      <p>Pollux even left behind the armored warrior that she’d had constantly accompanying her as a bodyguard, as she started walking towards the shade of a different tree.</p>

      <p>She couldn’t stand to watch anymore of this. Pollux derived no joy from massacring someone young with pure, straightforward convictions who acted out of love for someone else, but that also meant she had gone easy on him.</p>

      <p>As if they’d been waiting for just such a moment, someone jumped down from a tree, landing behind Pollux and holding a blade to her throat.</p>

      <p>Surprised, Pollux couldn’t utter a word for a moment.</p>

      <p>“Heroic spirits, stop your attack!” ordered Luna, the attacker who had taken Pollux hostage.</p>

      <p>She might have sounded calm, but Pollux could feel the blade that was held to her throat shaking. She stretched to get a look behind her. <em>It’s a boy who’s restraining me. No... A girl? </em>There were tears in the girl’s eyes, and her expression was filled with fear and rage, but also grief at being powerless in the face of Terra being beaten up so badly.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, Pollux understood instantly. <em>Ah, I see. So this is the girl Terra wants to protect.</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>