<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_6">
    <div class="main">
      <p>In order to compare their abilities, their first moves would probably be the moves they had the most confidence in. Leon and Ladon’s clash made the barrier around Laegjarn creak and groan as a sonic boom whipped through the area. Everything other than Laegjarn was turned into a wasteland in an instant, and the two monsters who had done this continued their contest of strength without paying any heed to the damage.</p>

      <p>Retreating wasn’t an option. It was a fight to determine who was more powerful. However, it was Ladon who had the upper hand. His ten heads moved together, biting into Leon’s body.</p>

      <p>Leon’s tough hide and muscles were pierced through by even more fearsome fangs, and each head bit off a chunk of him, chewing the pieces they came away with. But Leon simply copied that, opening his mouth and chomping at Ladon’s body. The Dragon King’s scales, which were lauded as harder than anything in the world, crumpled under the force of Leon’s jaws as the Lion King ripped off a piece of Ladon’s body and swallowed it.</p>

      <p>Seeing such a ghastly scene, Luna brought her hands to her mouth, trying to resist the urge to vomit. “Th-They’re eating each other... And even though they’re being eaten, they’re both ignoring it and trying to eat the other... They aren’t sane...!”</p>

      <p>Both Leon’s and Ladon’s bodies were covered in blood, but their movements weren’t dulled. Leon was the next one to make a move. He opened his mouth wide and blasted Ladon with a point-blank howl. The destructive howl with concentrated mana in it swallowed up the Dragon King and continued on its trail of devastation, evaporating the ground. The blast continued on out of humanity’s sphere, eventually erasing a lone island that was in its path in a dome-shaped explosion.</p>

      <p>But Ladon was still standing. The Dragon King opened all ten of its mouths, breathing fire at Leon in retaliation. Each bullet of fire from each mouth would be able to evaporate a city on its own, and the heads fired the attack continuously at fearsome speed. It was like a machine gun that shot missiles. Even while bathing in fire of its own making, the Dragon King continued to shoot, causing pillars of fire to erupt over and over.</p>

      <p>Luna, shocked into silence, reacted by holding Terra close to her body, trying to become a shield to protect him from the aftershock that was surely about to hit them. She’d realized that she was less than a bug in the face of this banquet of monsters, but even then, she was still one of the Seven Luminaries. She could at least serve as a shield.</p>

      <p>Her tragic but brave resolve ended with Luna holding Terra to herself, but no matter how much she waited, no such expected wave of heat came. She opened her eyes in confusion; what awaited her was the sight of Lufas’s back as she stood in front of Luna with a single arm in front of her. Lufas had created a barrier, which opened a small amount of safe space behind her. The flames flowed behind Luna like a flood; it was as if she were looking at red rapids from inside a glass bottle.</p>

      <p>“Don’t carelessly stick out a hand or anything. You’ll turn to ash just by touching that.”</p>

      <p>Apparently Lufas had saved them. At first, Luna was relieved by that realization, but that was quickly followed by confusion. She was grateful that they—or rather, Sir Terra—had been saved, but she had to wonder whether or not Lufas should have been worrying about her own subordinates. However, Luna quickly realized that such things were unnecessary.</p>

      <p>In the midst of the hot winds, raging like a torrent, the Twelve Stars seemed utterly unaffected as they watched the fight between Leon and the Dragon King. No matter how powerful it was, aftershocks were still just aftershocks; to them, it wasn’t anything to get worked up about. Actually, when Luna looked closer, she could see that only Libra, who was weak to fire, was being covered by Karkinos, who was acting like a shield.</p>

      <p><em>M—Monsters... All of them, monsters...!</em></p>

      <p>In the midst of this hel hot enough to even boil rock, they were, for some reason, completely fine. Benetnasch was sitting on a rock as well, and that rock was clearly superheated, which meant it was like she was sitting on magma. She didn’t seem to mind at all though. In the first place, the Vampire Princess was a monster who’d just dug through the mantle of the planet. Something of this level probably only felt a little warm to her.</p>

      <p>Faced with this battle that was in a wholly different dimension, Luna was made to realize just how reckless they had been, picking a fight they’d had no chance of winning.</p>

      <h1>16</h1>

      <p>“Thank you, Fairy Princess. With this divine sword you have given me, I will surely defeat the King of Devils and return peace to this world.”</p>

      <p>After a pause, she said, “Yes. If it’s you, you’ll ‘surely’ achieve that. Be careful on your journey.”</p>

      <p>This was a tale from several thousand years ago.</p>

      <p>At the time, the Armies of Darkness had driven humanity to the brink of collapse, and a hero had risen up to defeat the King of Devils along with his friends whom he’d forged a strong, solid bond with. Pollux had given the hero legendary equipment, taught him the King of Devils’s weak point, and sent him off. She’d done this while knowing that he would never come back, that this was a journey of death.</p>

      <p>After seeing the hero’s party off, Pollux covered her face.</p>

      <p>At first, she was silent. “It’s so stupid,” she then said. “Why does no one question it...? Even though things go way too smoothly for them...”</p>

      <p><em>A weak point on the King of Devils? Don’t make me laugh. There’s no such thing, because he’s really a divine beast created by the Goddess to govern the world. He’s an arbitrator. Just like my main body, he’s an agent of divinity.</em></p>

      <p><em>There’s no way a human could win against that. </em>The Goddess made humans so they wouldn’t be able to win. Even if they fought seriously, the outcome was already decided. <em>But they’ll probably win. That’s how the scenario is written, after all. The King of Devils will be defeated, and then in a couple thousand or tens of thousands of years—whenever the Goddess deems it necessary—the king will change his name and form and once again appear to drive humanity into the depths of fear. Humanity doesn’t know. No one does.</em></p>

      <p>All of the evil kings from the past who were spoken of in legends were actually the same person. He was even the God of Destruction all the way back when humans had just branched off from the heaven-winged, whom Aeneas—the first human—had traded his life to eliminate. He was also the Beast God, the enemy from when the beastfolk had just been born, and the world was steeped in a chaotic war. Not to mention the Divine Giant who had run on a rampage with his army.</p>

      <p><em>And now he’s named himself the Great Demon King. Next time he’ll just have another name, humanity will be none the wiser, and I’ll take part in this farce once again. I’ll pretend I’m an ally of humanity, but I’ll be the reaper, spreading the poison called hope and sending them off to their deaths. That’s the true identity of the Fairy Princess. It seems like things are split into two sides, but they’re actually the same.</em></p>

      <p><em>So, yes... I can’t help but be fed up.</em></p>

      <p>For a moment, she was quiet, then said, “So stupid... Why do they...look at me with such straightforward eyes, like they truly trust me...? Come on, doubt me...! Figure out that it’s weird! It’s obvious if you just think about it a little! You only ever see weak monsters and other enemies so you can grow stronger bit by bit, and you’re only given stuff to help you follow that curve...! And then there’s me, some random fishy woman who claims to know the weak point of the big bad king...?! Now matter how you think about it, it’s weird, right?!” She paused. “Please, just doubt me... Don’t let me fool you...”</p>

      <p>Up until now, Pollux had sent off heroes many times—over and over and over and over and over again. She had led them with a smile, gifted them weapons, given them advice, and tested them with trials to become stronger. Every time, she had been reminded that their hearts, which wished for peace in the world, were undoubtedly straight and true; they were worthy of being called heroes.</p>

      <p>There had once been a young man who claimed to love the world—he had never been able to see the peaceful world he loved so much. There had once been a swordsman who said that he could become as strong as necessary to protect his loved ones—when the world had regained its peace, he was dead along with the people whom he’d loved. There had been a very nice man who’d once said that he wanted to show children a peaceful world as he laughed heartily—he had never even been able to see those children’s faces. There had once been a kind swordswoman who went on a journey to her death, despite her gender, in order to ensure the futures of the people precious to her—she hadn’t even left any bones behind.</p>

      <p>All of them had been sent to their deaths by Pollux.</p>

      <p>The world regained peace as the scenario dictated, and the heroes who had died so magnificently were given a fitting send-off.</p>

      <p>There was a long silence. “I can’t...take it anymore...”</p>

      <p>Pollux’s beautiful face scrunched up, and she covered her face with her hands as she crumpled to her knees.</p>

      <p><em>Their trusting gazes hurt. Their words of thanks hurt. The way they look as they talk of a peaceful future... It’s so bright...and so sad...</em></p>

      <p><em>How many heroes with bright futures ahead of them have I watched die? They, of all people, should have been the ones to enjoy the world at peace, so why do they all have to die? Their lives are short anyway. Even the longer-lived races only live several thousand years... Why can’t they be allowed to spend their remaining years happily as a reward for a hard fight?</em></p>

      <p>Pollux had always wondered this, but the Goddess didn’t like leaving people who were too powerful unchecked. That was why <em>he</em> would always deal the heroes a fatal blow and purposefully lose.</p>

      <p><em>I’m sure the one I just sent off today won’t be coming back either. He’ll never reunite with his lover, who he said was waiting for him.</em></p>

      <p><em>I always pray that they never come, but the Goddess, who I have to pray to, doesn’t want it to be that way. So they will always come, as their fates dictate. Should I just not help them? No, they wouldn’t have come here in the first place if their resolve was so half-hearted as to let my refusal end their journey. If I did that, they would just die fruitlessly after challenging him, and someone else close to them would inherit the curse that is the hero’s title. Should I just tell them the truth? No. Doing so will just shorten their lives. The Goddess will never allow anyone who knows the truth to live.</em></p>

      <p>“How long is this going to go on...? How many times do I have to trick them...? How many more times will I have to kill these children...? Answer me... Goddess...”</p>

      <p><em>I can’t take it anymore.</em></p>

      <p>Pollux’s spirit was at the breaking point. Her work was something she didn’t want to do; it was like stomping on a flower that was heroically trying to bloom in the middle of a wasteland. Pollux had done this continuously, repeating it many tens of thousands or millions of times, even while loving every life that was born and admiring their brightness, even while desperately trying to survive.</p>

      <p>While watching people as many generations rolled on, Pollux eventually began to love humanity almost like they were her own children. She wanted to protect them. She wanted to hold them. She wanted to save them from this hel. However, reality forced her to do the exact opposite. She was nothing more than the grim reaper who drove them further into hel. She was the scum who had to stomp out the flower.</p>

      <p>After a silence, she said, “I should never have gained a sense of self.”</p>

      <p><em>How much easier would it have been to just stay as an avatar? To simply be a normal spirit that’s just controlled by the main body, able to get by without feeling anything painful...</em></p>

      <p>Pollux drew the knife she had for self-protection and put it to her throat.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah... I can just disappear. I shouldn’t exist.</em></p>

      <p>However, her hand was stopped by her brother, her other half.</p>

      <p>“Pollux, stop!”</p>

      <p>Pollux silently tried to shake off her brother’s hand, but that was impossible given their differences in strength. “Let go of me, big brother.”</p>

      <p>“No. I won’t.”</p>

      <p>Castor held Pollux firmly. Pollux lacked enough vigor that he was convinced that if he didn’t, she would disappear. As Castor slowly soothed his little sister, he couldn’t help but curse the Goddess.</p>

      <p><em>Oh Goddess. Oh omniscient, omnipotent Goddess Alovenus. Why do you treat us this way? Pollux is not the kind of girl who would be able to withstand this role. She’s far too kind to continue doing this. </em></p>

      <p><em>We should have been switched. I want to switch with her, but that can’t be. The heroes always come looking for the Fairy Princess. I’m sure the Goddess has done something to feed them information. And if they look for my little sister, she’ll answer, because she knows that if she doesn’t, things will only get worse.</em></p>

      <p><em>In the end, I’m just the chaff, a by-product of birthing the sublime being that is the Fairy Princess. I’m just a failure of a fairy who can do nothing but fight. I’m nothing but a defective product pushed out first in order to give birth to something superior.</em></p>

      <p><em>But Pollux can no longer handle this. She’s at her limit. As things stand, she’ll break. Even if I spend long years slowly healing the wounds in her heart, they’ll only be reopened along with new, fresh ones.</em></p>

      <p>Like that, the cycle of healing and reopening wounds, then healing and reopening wounds again eventually resulted in wounds so deep they could never be fully healed. Her guilt would never disappear. It just kept piling up at the bottom of her heart. It would all have been fine if she was irresponsible enough to just forget about it or if she was rational enough to be able to chase it all the way to the edges of her memory. But Pollux couldn’t do that, and she broke little by little.</p>

      <p>That was why Castor prayed. He prayed for someone...anyone. He prayed for the appearance of someone who could truly destroy this hel, who could tear apart even the Goddess’s script. He prayed, even while harboring resignation and certainty that no such person existed.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>He shouldn’t have prayed.</p>

      <p>Several thousand years later, Castor deeply, deeply regretted his prayer. The one who stepped foot into their paradise that day was someone who would paint over their hel with an even worse one. Her ominous black wings asserted her presence, and her beautiful looks filled with absolute confidence went along with a bestial smile. Behind her was an army of monsters.</p>

      <p>Pollux, who had confirmed the woman’s level with a special skill granted to the Fairy Princess, almost swooned. Her level was 4200.</p>

      <p><em>Huh?! ...What is this...monster?</em> <em>No. There’s no way she’s a hero. As if there could be a hero like this.</em></p>

      <p><em>But still, she’s not “her.” She’s not someone prepared by the Goddess. Why would she create someone so meaninglessly strong like this, when she’s been killing heroes all this time because she didn’t want to leave behind anyone too powerful?</em></p>

      <p><em>In the first place, this woman’s ignoring the level limit the Goddess put in place. </em>Pollux quietly contemplated this information. <em>I heard the rumors that there was someone called the Black-Winged Conqueror who “he”—Orm, who’s calling himself the Devil King now—is truly afraid of and is avoiding direct confrontation with.</em></p>

      <p>Pollux had thought it was an exaggeration though, since there had been many people up until now who’d had rumors this exaggerated floating around about them. Unfortunately, however, it turned out that the rumors were all true.</p>

      <p><em>What should I do...? This person... She’ll ignore the scenario and really kill Orm.</em> <em>Not because of the Goddess’s scenario. It won’t be some fake victory decided on beforehand. She’ll really and truly dominate Orm in a real fight and kill him. She’s a real monster.</em></p>

      <p>She was a true bug, naturally born into the world and completely unrelated to the Goddess’s machinations.</p>

      <p>In front of her, Pollux raised her trembling voice to ask, “U-Ummm... Do you have business with me?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed We do. We’ve heard that there is a Fairy Princess in these parts who makes use of a strange ability... Welcoming a follower of the Goddess would be interesting, so We came. Okay now, getting to the point... We came to take you away, or tame you, Fairy Princess Pollux. And you too, big brother Castor.”</p>

      <p>Pollux was rendered speechless. It took a couple of seconds for her to process what she’d just heard. <em>Huh? What? She’s going to capture me? Like a monster?</em></p>

      <p>Many humans had visited Alfheim throughout the years. The Fairy Princess had been petitioned for help or advice many times. However, no fool had ever come to try to capture her. As if there could be. The Goddess wouldn’t allow it.</p>

      <p>“Ah. Of course, you’re welcome to resist. You have the right to refuse. If you don’t want to be captured, resist with all your might.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll take you up on that offer!”</p>

      <p>Castor raised his anchor, and <em>The Argo</em> floated up into the air along with all the heroic spirits who were on it. The little sister summoned them, and the older brother led them. With that arrangement, the skill Argonautai was completed and became an unbeatable, unfair skill.</p>

      <p>However, the black-winged woman took one look at the ship and sent out a light punch. Right afterward, a giant hole opened up in <em>The Argo,</em> and it started to sink while emitting smoke.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? </em>Shocked, even Pollux’s thoughts were momentarily quiet. <em>Wha— Uhhh? Did </em>The Argo<em> just...fall? Is this a joke?! Did this person seriously sink </em>The Argo<em> with just the wind pressure from her punch?! That thing is as hard as orichalcum?!</em></p>

      <p>The black-winged woman was truly a common sense-destroying being, or common sense possibly just got sick of dealing with her and ran away at full speed. The summoned heroes were all easily subdued by her Pressure and rendered immobile. The fairy siblings also crumpled to their butts on the ground.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell? What the hell is she?! I don’t know anyone like her?!</em></p>

      <p>Pollux felt like she was experiencing a somehow even worse version of Hel, a super-Hel. This woman was like an all-encompassing despair that engulfed and surpassed regular despair. She was a source of unfairness, absurdity, and irrationality that stomped on everything lesser than herself, one who broke every other absurdity. And she was exactly what Pollux had been waiting for—one who could rip apart even a Goddess’s script.</p>

      <p>The woman stood in front of Pollux and looked down upon the Fairy Princess. “Your eyes, they look like they belong to a corpse. Looks like the role the Goddess forced on you was too much of a burden.”</p>

      <p>Surprised, Pollux could say nothing in reply.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong? Why are you so surprised? Did you seriously think that We didn’t know? True, We do realize that We aren’t on the smart side of the scale, but...even then, even We’d notice something this obvious. You and the Devil King... It’s such a perfect story of opposing light and dark that it’s like someone is literally pointing out that there is a purposeful balance being kept. And that’s not all. Megrez translated a stone tablet left hidden deep in some ruins, and it seems as if you’ve faced off against someone very similar to the Devil King many times, and for a long while now. It’s as if the world is a pendulum, swinging between light and dark, between hope and despair... That convinced us. ‘Ahh, they’re totally working together,’ We thought.” Lufas paused. “Right on the money, yes?”</p>

      <p>Lufas used a finger to lift up Pollux’s chin so they would lock gazes.</p>

      <p>“It must have been quite painful for you. You must have deceived heroes and watched them die countless times, and it must have eroded away at your heart. Rejoice—this will be the last time.”</p>

      <p>Pollux was shocked.</p>

      <p>“If the Goddess will not answer you, then We shall. The curtain will soon close on this play, and when it does, you will no longer have to send anyone to their deaths.” Lufas quieted, then said, “We will be destroying the whole stage, after all.”</p>

      <p>While listening to Lufas, Pollux felt like she was face to face with a demon. <em>Demon...an evil being that defies divinity. That’s exactly what she is. No matter how I look at it, she’s completely ignoring the Goddess’s script. For someone like this to be born... It must have been completely unexpected for the Goddess.</em></p>

      <p><em>But... Ahhh, how ironic. To think that the one to say the words I’ve always wanted to hear wasn’t one of the heroes I’ve always loved and respected, but the exact opposite. Or maybe she said it because she’s a demon?</em></p>

      <p>“I’m going to retake true freedom for this world, which has been forced to repeat a third-rate play over and over again. In order to do that, We want you... Become our servant, Fairy Princess Pollux.”</p>

      <p>It was the temptation of evil, and it led down the treacherous path of betraying the Goddess.</p>

      <p>The hero wouldn’t be able to destroy the Goddess’s script. The only one who could would be a monster completely out of the norm. So Pollux took Lufas’s hand, because even if this was the path that led to her destruction, she could no longer stand plucking flowers before their time.</p>

      <h1>17</h1>

      <p>The Argonautai were pretty much taken care of. Aigokeros had them bound and captured once they’d been beaten down, just short of dying. Alioth, Dubhe, Phecda, and Mizar had been rendered similarly powerless, and Leon was currently fighting the Dragon King, Pollux’s last ray of light. In other words, the other side had pretty much exhausted all their cards.</p>

      <p>We stepped outside the barrier We’d put up in order to protect Luna and Terra before coming to a stop in front of Pollux. There was an elven heroic spirit in front of her, but he was no match for us. Not to mention, We had no intention of defeating him. If he were to die, the barrier protecting Pollux would disappear, and she would burn to a crisp.</p>

      <p>At any rate, the fight was over. She no longer had any chance of winning.</p>

      <p>“Looks like it’s over. Or do you still have moves left? If you do, you should pull them out now... We’ll crush them head-on.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that our body would stop listening to us when the Seven Heroes were involved, but there had been no hiccups other than that. <em>Whether it’s a Dragon King or heroes from the past, bring it on. </em>I cracked my knuckles and waited for Pollux’s next move.</p>

      <p>“Heh. Then why don’t I heed that request. Descend, progenitor of the heaven-winged, you who rule over all the stars in the sky! Uranus!”</p>

      <p>Light filtered down from the heavens, illuminating a place on the ground like a spotlight. Flowers budded there, and a man with pure-white wings and clad in a white robe descended, accompanied by divine light. He had three pairs of wings, and there seemed to be a halo of light attached to his back. A group of young male and female heaven-winged came with him, all of whom were orbiting him while chanting a sacred hymn, like they were celebrating his descent.</p>

      <p>The man named Uranus smiled affectionately, and he slowly, gently, got closer to the earth. Yes, slowly... Almost infuriatingly so...</p>

      <p>“HURRY IT UP!”</p>

      <p>We flew up above him and punched him into the ground. The ground shook, and he had his arms and legs bent in unnatural directions and was foaming at the mouth from his impact with the ground.</p>

      <p>“HeBGH?!”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, what? He’s totally weak. Pollux said he’s the progenitor of the heaven-winged, so We thought he’d be really strong, but he’s no big deal at all. </em>It seemed he’d lost his life with a single strike from us, and he anticlimactically disappeared into bright particles. The young heaven-winged around him seemed to have been totally taken aback and creeped out by what We’d done. They were on the floor, trembling and unable to get up.</p>

      <p>By the way, the reason they weren’t burnt and dead right now was because the heroic spirit was still maintaining his barrier to protect Pollux... But the flowers that had just budded had been roasted away in an instant by the waves of fire coming from the Dragon King.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh? Then how about this?! I manifest the first human. Come, father of all humanity and guardian of the sanctuary—Aeneas!”</p>

      <p>Responding to Pollux’s summons, particles of light took human form. Then, a half-naked man with a tight and muscular body appeared. He was good-looking enough to be called a handsome young man, but even then, We couldn’t allow him to wear just a single loincloth.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I get it. After all, he’s the first human... Which unfortunately means he’s basically a caveman. “The father of humanity” sounds cool, but honestly, that just means he was alive in a time without any sort of culture or civilization to speak of, so of course he’d be like this. It’s true he’s an important figure of history, but...</em></p>

      <p>“Put on some clothes!”</p>

      <p>“BuHOAGHH?!”</p>

      <p>He took our punch and spun around in the air as he was sent flying before disappearing off into the horizon. <em>These opponents are really lackluster...</em> We thought, but something in our own memories provided the answer as to why.</p>

      <p>Apparently being the guardian of the Goddess’s Sanctuary was the sort of thing with a single successor, and it seemed that the next generation also got the previous generation’s level and skills. <em>I guess that’s the sort of thing a Goddess who doesn’t want to uselessly propagate the amount of level 1000s would do.</em></p>

      <p>As soon as We remembered that, We understood. That was exactly why the guardians across the ages were all strong, even though they were human. It seemed that Aeneas had passed his abilities on just before he’d died, so his strength when resurrected was like an empty shell, devoid of all his power. Even though the Argonautai usually got resurrected in their prime, that didn’t seem to be possible if the subject’s abilities were given to someone else.</p>

      <p>Well, even without his original power, given that he was still a guardian of the Goddess’s Sanctuary, his current strength would still have allowed him to fight evenly with the current Megrez... <em>But that still doesn’t make him a match against us.</em></p>

      <p>We beckoned to Pollux, who was dumbfounded at what had just happened, provoking her.</p>

      <p>“Next.”</p>

      <p>The silence stretched. “F-Fine! Then I’ll bring out the big guns! Someone who was once summoned from a different world and who returned peace to the world with a great power given to him by God. Come, otherworld hero!”</p>

      <p>Thunder clapped, and a single man wreathed in sparks descended in front of us. His trained body was like steel. His muscles were a glistening black, as was his bald head. His manly face was almost bestial, and even his eyebrows were shaved. He was wearing boxer shorts and boxing gloves. There was no way he was Japanese. This over-190-centimeter-tall boxer shouted, “I am the champion!” as he started shadow boxing.</p>

      <p><em>Alovenus... You...</em></p>

      <p>“Um... Far back in the past, I used to prioritize strength, and I ended up summoning him...”</p>

      <p>We paused before saying, “Well, if you only chose based on strength, then of course something like this would come up...”</p>

      <p><em>Yeah. Compared to him, the kid Sei is way more of an orthodox hero. This just drives the point home. Actually, now that We’re on the subject, We haven’t understood a thing this guy’s said since he’s appeared. We don’t understand English.</em></p>

      <p><em>Why is this guy’s English untouched when Japanese seems to get automatically translated into Mizgarz Common? Didn’t </em>Exgate Online<em> accommodate all sorts of regions and languages?</em></p>

      <p>“I digress, but thanks to him trying to spread his language, parts of Mizgarz’s language have become untranslatable. Though there do seem to be people that like to use the words he’s spread, like your crab...”</p>

      <p>“IT’S HIS FAULT?!”</p>

      <p>“Nice punch!”</p>

      <p><em>Karkinos’s faux-English is his fault?!</em> The instant We had that thought, our fist made contact with the boxer hero, sending him flying into the horizon.</p>

      <p><em>Jeez... This is supposed to be a serious fight, you know. Don’t bring in weird people!</em></p>

      <p>“That couldn’t have been your trump card, could it?”</p>

      <p>“Grk... I-It doesn’t matter who anymore. Come! Summon Heroic Spirit!”</p>

      <p>Apparently she was backed into a corner pretty far. In a fit of desperation, Pollux activated the Argonautai. However, though the ability to summon them was infinite, their souls weren’t. It was impossible to summon those who had already been summoned and were now captured, which meant that she truly only had a few cards left to her and probably didn’t pose much of a threat anymore.</p>

      <p>Or so We thought, but then our expectations were defied, at least in a sense.</p>

      <p>“I have been summoned!”</p>

      <p>The one who appeared was someone who We’d sent flying before. It was Mars, and he spent some time just loitering there. He gave me a pompous look and smiled a smile that said he was confident in his victory, though We had no idea where that confidence came from. Then, he drew his sword and started running circles around us.</p>

      <p>“Now is the time to show you the true power of my revived self! Sorry for cutting corners last time. I misjudged you. But now I will have no mercy! I, one of the Seven Luminaries, Mars of Fire, will burn you with my full might! It will only be but a moment—In other words, in the instant it takes for time to circle, my revived self will display my true ‘Motion of the Soul’! Fire and diamond dust. The moment when these two opposing powers mix, it creates a new evolving sanctuary from this chaos. With these mixing powers, a miracle of both an instant and an eternity is about to be brought forth. It will be a hastening towards the future, and I will become a god who surpasses time! Dance, fire, to the song of despair! Sing, ice, a song of blessing! You are already my prisoner. There is no room to escape. Your path to the unknown future has been closed. Be afraid, cower, and sing my blessings! This is my instantaneous light. You will probably see it the moment you die. It will be a kind embrace, inviting you to nothingness. Scatter! Ultimate Technique: Great Crimson—”</p>

      <p>“Shut up.”</p>

      <p>As always, this idiot would not stop talking, so I punched him, banishing him to the ends of the sky.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>