<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_7">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Unlike when We had first fought him, We were now much more used to our body, so even with the same stats, our abilities were like night and day. Not to mention that Alkaid was also activated, so our stats were better too.</p>

      <p>It was evening now, and after confirming a new crater on the moon, which had just started to show its face, We turned back to look at Pollux.</p>

      <p>“It seems you’re all out of options.”</p>

      <p>“U-Uhhh... The Dra— The Dragon King is still...”</p>

      <p>Pollux looked towards the Dragon King as her last hope, but that was when a blow from Benet slammed it into the ground, and it showed the whites of its eyes. Apparently Benet had grown tired of watching from the sidelines and had finished off the Dragon King.</p>

      <p>Leon, who’d had his prey stolen, shouted at her, but Benet—not one to be beaten—returned fire with, “It’s because you kept dragging your feet.”</p>

      <p><em>Well, their tiff doesn’t matter right now.</em></p>

      <p>“So, what about the Dragon King?”</p>

      <p>“Grrrrr...”</p>

      <p>“Okay, then. It’s about time. Leave Pollux’s body.”</p>

      <p>Pollux grinned widely. Then, she spread her arms, as if inviting us to attack her. “No. You’re the one who’s got no moves left. Can you really attack this body? If you want to defeat me, then fine. Try it. But with your strength, this girl will definitely die if you attack me.”</p>

      <p>The move left us in stunned silence.</p>

      <p><em>Tch...!</em> It was infuriating, but the Goddess was right. As long as she wouldn’t leave Pollux’s body, there was nothing We could do. There was the option to attack with Blunted-Sword Strike, but that probably wouldn’t get her to leave. We’d just be hurting Pollux for no reason. If this possession was treated as some sort of status effect, then We could cure it, but her stats showed nothing of the sort.</p>

      <p><em>We could just cut the mana with Lifthrasir—no, it’s not guaranteed that the Goddess became mana to possess her. There are Sun element spells that only affect ghost-types—that probably won’t work either. There’s a warrior skill that damages SP instead of HP—no, that’s dumb. Her SP is infinite, so that won’t do anything.</em></p>

      <p><em>What to do... There has to be some way...</em></p>

      <p>As We stood there, unable to do anything, Castor spoke. “Pollux, don’t lose.”</p>

      <p>He had, at some point, come to stand next to us. He wasn’t speaking to the Goddess. Those words were most likely pointed towards Pollux, who was sleeping.</p>

      <p><em>Persuasion, huh...? We can’t imagine there’s much point, but maybe Castor will have some effect, since he’s her twin. Let’s leave this up to him, though that’s kind of pathetic.</em></p>

      <p>“We’ve always been waiting for this moment, haven’t we? Don’t you remember the never-ending script, the endless loop of deaths? You hated that. You cried all the time. Now is the moment to go beyond the script. It’s time for us to leave the Goddess’s third-rate playbook. We need to grab freedom with our own hands... Isn’t that right, Pollux?!”</p>

      <p>“Third-rate...”</p>

      <p>Pollux looked visibly saddened by Castor’s passionate attempt at persuasion. <em>Looks like that hurt Alovenus a little, huh? Oh, yeah. Wasn’t she called third-rate by Benetnasch recently too?</em></p>

      <p>A small bit of something that seemed like the Goddess’s power left Pollux’s body, and the light of reason returned to her eyes.</p>

      <p><em>Does this mean Pollux is resisting? It’s not the Goddess just leaving on her own because she got sad, right?</em></p>

      <p><em>At any rate, this is our chance. As long as we do something about that we can save Pollux. But... What is that? A skill? Magic? Heaven-arts? No, it seems like power itself, a true piece of the Goddess. We don’t have a skill or whatnot that can do anything about that then. Maybe Vindemiatrix will... No, it won’t work. It’ll probably be useless.</em></p>

      <p><em>Something... Anything...</em></p>

      <p>“Call for me.”</p>

      <p>A voice suddenly rang through the back of our mind, surprising us. The voice We heard said something that had been said to us once before, and it was something that We would never forget. It had probably happened before We had become me. It was a voice We’d heard all the time back in our days as an adventurer, so it had imprinted itself firmly into our memory.</p>

      <p>“Call for me, my friend. When you do, I will always be your sword, no matter where or when.”</p>

      <p><em>Ah, that’s it. It was you. Forgive us. We still aren’t fully awake, but We’re happy that you still recognize us as us in this situation. So show us, enchant us. Show off your power to the fullest.</em></p>

      <p>“Divine and demonic. With these two powers combined, open, door of time and space. Oh you, with the ability to destroy convenience and opportunism. Exgate! Come, Taurus... No—Astelios!”</p>

      <p>We called Taurus by his true name as we clashed divine and magic power together, boring open a hole in the world. Taurus was a name We’d given him when We had formed the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars. It was more like a title; it was not his true name. Because Aries never had a name of his own, the name Aries had simply become his own. However, Taurus was different, and there was only one person in this world who knew his true name—us.</p>

      <p>Responding to our summons was someone who oozed reliability, and who hadn’t changed at all in two hundred years. The one holding the seat of the Ox constellation, a giant man with his coat waving in the breeze, manifested himself. Energy arced off the ax he held in his hands, and behind the mask, his eyes were settled on his target.</p>

      <p>“Aldebaran!”</p>

      <p>Taurus unleashed his ability to forcefully cancel the target’s ability or power. Whether that was heaven-arts, magic, a skill, or anything else, it didn’t matter. The blow, which could even shred a divine script, burst against the Goddess’s will, which had slightly separated from Pollux. A crack formed across space-time, and the connection between the Goddess and Pollux was forcibly severed. Then, an explosive sound like a hammer or something else pulverizing a boulder resounded, and whatever Taurus had punched dispersed.</p>

      <p><em>Well, that just now must have only been a small piece of the Goddess... It probably wouldn’t even constitute a single hair... But still, that’s an awesome hack. Having subordinates who seem to be hacking the world this hard gives us less ground to stand on. My word, how reliable.</em></p>

      <p>Taurus was quiet, then said, “You seem more like yourself than before, Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“We’re not completely back though.”</p>

      <p>We formed a small smile hearing our friend speak. We couldn’t see his face through the mask, but We knew he was laughing nihilistically behind it. We always thought that it would be better if he showed his face, since he’d finally gained human form and all, but this seemed to be a thing of Asterios’s. Just like his true name, he didn’t seem to want to show his face to anyone but us. He was so delicate even though his body was so huge. We never really felt comfortable describing it as “maiden-like,” but... <em>Well, We suppose that’s what makes for fun personalities.</em></p>

      <p>Astelios was once again swallowed up by the Exgate as We saw him off to where he should be. After that, We...</p>

      <p>No, not We...</p>

      <p>We shook our head, clearing our muddled thoughts.</p>

      <p><em>Oh crap. I was totally Lufas for a while... Wait. Was I just possessed? It’s approaching how I was back when I fought Benet.</em></p>

      <p><em>Oh no. The border between Lufas and me is getting less distinct. I can feel it.</em></p>

      <p>I held up an unconscious Pollux as I watched Alioth and the others, who were being forced to return to being dead since the Goddess’s power had been severed.</p>

      <p><em>I’d like to see you all as your real selves next time, </em>I thought...</p>

      <h1>18</h1>

      <p>A day had passed since my fight with the Goddess, who had been controlling Pollux, had ended. We’d rented the largest room at the inn and pretty much everyone had gathered. The Twelve Stars and I, of course, as well as the kid Sei, Terra, Luna, and even Benetnasch were there. But by definition, those words, “pretty much everyone” meant that at least someone was missing.</p>

      <p>First, there was Leon. He had left right after the fight was over, claiming that he had no intention of playing friends with us, but that was just like him. The other one who wasn’t present was Dina, who had yet to reappear ever since she’d run to the ladies’ room just before Pollux attacked. At first, I only kind of thought that she was taking a long time on the john, but she hadn’t come back even after the battle was over. Of course, she wasn’t in the bathroom either; she’d completely disappeared. So right now, it was everyone but Leon and Dina.</p>

      <p>Also, it turned out that after releasing Alkaid, I returned to being “myself” much more than during the activation. That made me pretty happy. As I thought, using it would awaken the original Lufas, so even though I could become strong, for me personally, it was kind of like blowing myself up.</p>

      <p>I’d like to say it was only for serious situations, but it seemed unavoidable for the fight with the Devil King.</p>

      <p>“Well then, can it be said that the two of you no longer intend to fight humanity?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s correct. Now that we know of the devilfolk’s true nature, we have no intention of throwing ourselves into an endeavor we know we’ll lose,” answered Terra, the Devil King’s son.</p>

      <p><em>This bastard hottie still infuriates me, dammit. His looks just scream, “I am the protagonist!” It’s enough to completely overshadow that kid Sei and make people forget that he exists.</em></p>

      <p>Even Sei himself muttered, “Couldn’t this guy just be the hero?” He looked kind of crushed by his own sense of inferiority.</p>

      <p>If I were to try to explain our battle as a fantasy game to a person who was completely unfamiliar, then there was no doubt who they’d assume the hero was. That was just how much Terra looked like an orthodox hero. <em>Go explode.</em></p>

      <p>“You say that, but aren’t you really just afraid of Miss Lufas?” Aigokeros tried to get a rise out of Terra.</p>

      <p><em>Oh yeah. Didn’t Terra pull one over on him last time in Blutgang? Still, that was a little immature.</em></p>

      <p>“Maybe. It’s pathetic, but there’s no way for me to win.” Terra easily admitted it though, showing no sign of taking the bait.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, what an adult! Both a handsome guy and a cool adult. What the hell? You know, you’re making us look like the evil ones. You could totally try showing some more flaws, okay?</em></p>

      <p>I paused. <em>Ah. Oh, right, we are the bad guys.</em></p>

      <p>“Lord Lufas!” Kross exclaimed. “Are you seriously not going to slay these devilfolk, even though they’re right in front of you?!”</p>

      <p>“Before We may have done so, no questions asked, but now, We are not so heartless as to attack those who are raising the white flag of surrender. If you must kill them, do so yourselves.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” He hesitated. “No, that’s... Um...” The elf guy had seemed about to shout, but then he simply let his line slide.</p>

      <p>Still, I wasn’t about to stop anyone else from trying to kill the devilfolk. Their standing right now was basically as devilfolk who’d surrendered. Not only that, but one of them was the prince, so he wouldn’t be forgiven so easily. Therefore, I would neither act nor stop people from acting. If they wanted to settle things, then they should do it amongst themselves.</p>

      <p>But ever since I replied, the elf guy stopped saying anything. Well, he probably just expected me to be completely dedicated to eradicating the devilfolk like I had been two hundred years ago. Rather, from my separate viewpoint, the me in the past had been way too merciless. Though you could also say I just hadn’t had any leeway.</p>

      <p>I’d had the power to destroy the world and had been merciless as well as coldhearted and relentless... <em>I’ll say this bluntly.</em> It was only natural that I had been betrayed, that they’d given up on me. The problem was, I was definitely approaching that point again.</p>

      <p>“Libra, have you seen Dina?”</p>

      <p>“No. I have been searching since last night and have found nothing. She is likely no longer in this city.”</p>

      <p>I paused. “We see.”</p>

      <p>Even with Libra’s searching abilities, Dina couldn’t be found. She could go anywhere using Exgate, so it was easy for her to get outside of Libra’s detection range. With things as they were, the question of why Dina had run would come up, of course, and I figured Pollux knew the answer. My theory was that Pollux knew something about Dina that would’ve made her life difficult. That was why Dina had run. At least, that was the explanation that I thought fit.</p>

      <p>“Then, let’s see... First, let’s talk about Dina. Luckily, there are people here who know her as Venus.”</p>

      <p>“Dina...?” Pollux tilted her head at Dina’s mention. Apparently she’d never heard of her.</p>

      <p>When I’d spoken, Libra had taken out a piece of paper and started drawing on it at high speeds. When she was finished, Dina was rendered so perfectly on the paper that I could have mistaken it for a black-and-white photo.</p>

      <p><em>You could do that?!</em></p>

      <p>Pollux took the paper and stared at it seriously. Then, she started to drip sweat silently.</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas... This person... Was she with you recently?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed she was. She claims to be an advisor who was with us two hundred years ago, but honestly, that’s already been found out as a lie.”</p>

      <p>“Wha— Wh-Wh-Wha...What were you thinking?! She’s the Goddess’s avatar, you know?! This is just the Goddess Alovenus herself, only the clothes are different!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>