<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_5">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Benetnasch had never once regretted the path she’d taken. Sure, she regretted the embarrassment she suffered due to her words, but even then, she had never regretted the choices she’d made to get there, since that would have been a betrayal of herself. That was why she’d resolved to accept any and all consequences of her decisions and only move forward. Whether it was for good or bad, whatever she chose was her way of life.</p>

      <p>That was why she couldn’t stomach Alioth and the others, and the one controlling them was even worse. Seeing people do something they would only regret later irritated her, and anyone making them do those things was even worse.</p>

      <p>“I came to punch Maphaahl, but... I’ve changed my mind. I can’t stand to look at any of you. I’m going to send you all to Hel myself before you embarrass yourselves further.”</p>

      <p>“Benet.”</p>

      <p>“Step aside, Maphaahl. You’re next.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch’s crimson eyes were dyed in anger. As for what she was angry about... Well, maybe it was the shameful appearances of Alioth and the others, or maybe she was angry at the Goddess for playing with the heroes who she’d respected and worked with, even after death. It could also have been both, or something else entirely. None of that mattered to Benetnasch. What was important was what she felt in the moment. Reasoning and logic would follow after.</p>

      <p><em>I’m gonna destroy them. That is what my heart is telling me is just right now!</em></p>

      <p>The urge might have come from just not liking Alioth and the others and wanting to hit them, or she might have simply wanted to release them. But that didn’t matter to Benetnasch either. Either way, it didn’t change what she was going to do.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch kicked off the ground. That action alone changed the shape of the surface of the planet as the Vampire Princess changed into a silver comet, assaulting the past heroes.</p>

      <p>By compressing her internal time to the limit, Benetnasch slowed down her experience of her surroundings, and the world to her changed into one so instantaneous nothing but light could enter it. In terms of numbers, she was going over Mach 40,000—around half the speed of light. She was currently experiencing the world of sub-light speed. It was where Benetnasch <em>lived</em>, and now that her internal experience of time matched her speed, any second a normal person experienced allowed her to make a year’s worth of movement.</p>

      <p>However, her opponents were the Seven Heroes. Alioth was just barely able to enter this world, and he swung his sword.</p>

      <p>“Wrong.”</p>

      <p>They clashed. Benetnasch’s claws lopped off one of Alioth’s arms, and she continued on like that, charging at the Beast King next.</p>

      <p>Dubhe, who’d been sent flying by Leon and was now on his knees, reacted to the killing intent let off by Benetnasch, turning towards her to intercept. Dubhe howled, swinging down his stout arms with all his bestial physical power. Benetnasch chose to meet that straight on, using both her arms to receive Dubhe’s blow.</p>

      <p>Both combatants’ power caused the ground to cave in, and they stopped moving. They participated in a contest of strength for a while, after which Dubhe lost to Benetnasch in power and was lifted upwards.</p>

      <p>“You’re wrong too.”</p>

      <p>Her claws flashed silver. A red flower bloomed, and Dubhe’s arm flew through the air.</p>

      <p>Mizar, who was battling Aigokeros, was next. He created several tough walls and put them in Benetnasch’s way to try to defend himself, but Benetnasch simply broke through the steel walls and cut his leg. Phecda tried to use speed to confuse her, but the Vampire Princess easily caught up to him and split his guts open.</p>

      <p>“You! And you too!”</p>

      <p>The silver comet ran around everywhere. Her movements left even time far behind, and Alioth and his companions’ attacks couldn’t graze her. Well, even if they did, they probably wouldn’t do much damage. If they wanted to defeat her, they had to deal enough damage to outpace her aberrant regeneration ability.</p>

      <p>A hundred slashes were unleashed by the Sword King in a fraction of a second. Fierce punches were thrown out by the Beast King at such a speed his fists seemed to split and double. The rain of blades created by the Blacksmith King threatened to blot out the sky. The storm of arrows shot by the Adventure King were faster than sound.</p>

      <p>But all of that only ever managed to hit Benetnasch’s afterimages. It was comical.</p>

      <p>“Slow! Tepid! Dull! What the hell? You’re all boring. Since when— Since when have you all been so cowardly!” the Vampire Princess roared.</p>

      <p>Alioth and the others weren’t weak. In fact, their stats were actually higher then when they had been alive, now that they had the backing of the Goddess. But they’d lost their spirit; they had no heart. They had no will to kill. As it was, they were simply dolls imitating their previous abilities and techniques. Such worthless toys would never be able to bring down the Vampire Princess.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch purposefully caught Alioth’s downward slash with her bare arm, and the blade bit into her bone. Seeing that, Benetnasch once again felt disappointed. She even felt grief and lamentation. Alioth had once lived so single-mindedly by his sword, Benetnasch had actually respected his skill with it, but now... <em>To think he wouldn’t even be able to take an arm I’ve offered up to him... That’s just too sad.</em></p>

      <p>“How pitiful, Alioth. Before, you would have taken my arm and then proceeded to carve me up from shoulder to stomach.”</p>

      <p>Dubhe swung at Benetnasch. Once again, she willingly stopped it with a bare arm. Her bones broke, and her arm bent at a wrong angle, but once again, all she felt was disappointment.</p>

      <p>“And the Beast King, who could once split the earth, can only do this much? The Beast King I knew would have been able to at least pulp one arm,” Benetnasch spat, truly exasperated, and counterattacked.</p>

      <p>She used her half-severed arm on Alioth, and the broken one on Dubhe. They were both sent flying with a punch. Alioth’s sword and sternum were broken. Dubhe’s arm was pulverized, and his skull caved in.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, Phecda immediately nocked an arrow and let fly a stream of bolts, but Benetnasch neither defended nor dodged. She simply closed in on Phecda straight on. The arrows gouged into her eyeballs and sent fingers flying as they grazed them. But Benetnasch wasn’t perturbed. She reached Phecda while regenerating her eyes and fingers as if her wounds didn’t matter.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong? Can you not even make a pincushion of me when I’m alone? Your former self, famed as one who could even pierce the impenetrable Dragon King, would cry.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch struck Phecda with her knee. Just that broke Phecda’s ribs and caused the bones to stab into internal organs.</p>

      <p>While pulling out the arrow that had lodged itself in her eye, she looked over at Mizar, who stood with an army of countless golems. They all jumped at Benetnasch together and swung their weapons, but none of them did anything. Blades that hit her neck broke, swords that stabbed at her heart bent and snapped, and a single swipe of Benetnasch’s arm sent them all flying away together.</p>

      <p>“Simple toys. Even if you have the skills, you don’t have the concentrated intent. Your novel ideas used to be your weapon too. You’ll never be able to reach me if all you can do is repeat the past.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch disappeared, instantly catching Mizar’s head in her grip. Then she slammed him into the ground, the force of it cracking the earth. The tremors reached all the way to Svel, and it was said that the shaking bounced the Wise King Megrez from his chair and into the ceiling.</p>

      <p>With Mizar still in her grasp, Benetnasch burrowed deep into the ground, reaching the mantle at the center of Mizgarz. The temperature was around 6,000 degrees Celsius, and there were over a million atmospheres of pressure weighing down on them. Benetnasch easily ran through that world of death and continued on to the other side of the planet. Even then, she didn’t bleed off any momentum as she flew out of Mizgarz before kicking off a nearby asteroid and turning around. She reentered Mizgarz’s atmosphere and once again slammed Mizar into the ground, taking another trip through the center of the planet. Then, she burst out of the ground and used brute-force to fling Mizar, who was wreathed in fire, at Dubhe and Alioth, squashing all three of them at once.</p>

      <p>“Right now, I can’t stand to look at any of you anymore than I already have... Disappear! Lunar magic: Catas—”</p>

      <p>Just like that, Benet was about to cast magic to finish the four of them off while she was regenerating the burns all over her body, but Lufas stopped her. “Wait, Benet!”</p>

      <p>Lufas paused, then explained. “They’re argonautai. They’ll come back indefinitely. You can’t kill them.”</p>

      <p>“Mrgh. I see.”</p>

      <p>Having received Lufas’s warning, Benetnasch changed the spell she was going to cast. Now it was the Moon elemental spell Luna Tentacle. She activated Aigokeros’s oft-used spell, generating a crowd of tentacles that captured the caster’s enemies, and the four heroes were bound hand and foot.</p>

      <p>With that done, Benetnasch gave the four heroes a glance. For an instant, her eyes betrayed a hint of sadness, and Lufas caught that. Then, Benetnasch turned around as if she’d lost all interest.</p>

      <h1>15</h1>

      <p>“Leon...” Aries was still on the ground, looking up at his unexpected savior. “Why are you here?”</p>

      <p>Leon and Aries’s relationship could in no way be described as friendly. In fact, they could be considered the people who got along the least. Aries didn’t actually dislike Leon that much, but Leon clearly looked down upon and was prejudiced against Aries, treating him with nothing but contempt. Leon had been calling Aries a trash monster for a long time now, and he did not seem like the type of person to jump in to help if Aries was ever about to be killed. In fact, he would definitely say, “What a fitting end to a trash monster.”</p>

      <p>Leon was the type of man who only valued strength, and he based all his decisions and opinions of justice on power. That was why this was so seemingly impossible.</p>

      <p>“I came because I smelled something really nostalgic, and here you all are, having the loudest party. A feast like this is wasted on a small fry like you... I’ll be having the rest.”</p>

      <p>Leon’s mouth bent, and even his human face was filled with the ferociousness of a wild animal. He made a physical sound as his muscles swelled, and his arms, which were already the size of logs normally, got even thicker. His pectorals turned as hard as orichalcum, and his clearly defined abs were now better protection than any armor. Veins popped out all over his body, and the heat he let out into his surroundings made the air shimmer like a mirage.</p>

      <p>“You can watch me from the ground there... I’ll show you how I fight.”</p>

      <p>Leon clenched his fists and disappeared. He reappeared right afterwards, swinging his fist down on a heroic spirit that another one of the Twelve Stars was fighting, crushing the spirit into the ground, armor and all, and creating a depression in the ground as well. With just one hit, he turned a heroic warrior into a pile of wrongly bent limbs, dealing enough damage that the spirit didn’t even twitch. Then, Leon charged into a group of heroic spirits, sending scores of them flying with just a simple tackle.</p>

      <p>Of course, the heroic spirits didn’t just take that lying down. They took up their swords and attacked Leon together. In the face of that, the Lion King put his hands in his pockets and took the attacks unguarded, his thoughts unreadable. The result: he was unscathed. The swords he’d been attacked with had been shattered into dust, and they hadn’t even scratched Leon.</p>

      <p>Leon kicked, squashing the powerless heroes all together. With his hands still in his pockets, he slowly walked towards the next group of heroic spirits. This time, they answered with magic. High-level spells of all elements mobbed Leon, resulting in a fiery explosion.</p>

      <p>If someone were watching Mizgarz from space at that moment, they would still have been able to see the shine of the magic and explosions from that distance. That was how far the effects spread. However, Leon simply continued on through the storm of magic, reaching the heroic spirits as if nothing had happened.</p>

      <p>“You scum... You’re not even worthy appetizers!!!”</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, the heroic mage who had been standing in front had their head grabbed, and Leon swung the mage’s body around as a weapon.</p>

      <p>Next followed a scene of sheer violence as a person was used to hit other people. Each blow broke another mage, and blood and meat scattered everywhere as the heroic spirits were massacred. The poor, pitiful mages lost all semblance of human form, becoming simple chunks of meat before they were finally released.</p>

      <p>Well, the most unfortunate one may actually have been the young mage who was farthest back, because he had to experience this fear longer than anyone else. He was an unusual age for someone considered a hero, and he made an audible, “Eep!” as he scooted backwards.</p>

      <p>Leon was merciless. The next instant, an arm thicker than the young man’s waist made direct contact with his head, and everything above his neck disappeared in a spray of blood. Blood splashed on Leon as he turned his bloodshot eyes on his next group of prey.</p>

      <p>Seeing him like that, Lufas couldn’t help but think, <em>Who’s the real enemy now?</em></p>

      <p>“OOOOOOAAAAGGGHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>Leon roared, and the countless heroic spirits in front of him were torn to pieces and sent flying, tossed around as if their strings had been cut.</p>

      <p>The Lion King’s roar was not just for intimidation. It was just a scream, but even that was accompanied by destructive energies. It gouged out the earth and parted the sky as it rampaged through the enemy formation. The eardrums of the heroic spirits tore, and their bodies warped as they were crushed by an invisible, irresistible power.</p>

      <p>“You’re all dead...!”</p>

      <p>Leon once again disappeared. He was so fast that even other members of the Twelve Heavenly Stars would probably have trouble finding him.</p>

      <p>Sounds of blows landing and things cracking or being pulverized rang out many times as the air seemed to explode near groups of heroic spirits, sending several of them flying every time. Of course, this didn’t just happen once or twice. The air exploded anywhere a member of the argonautai stood, and seasoned heroes were pulverized and scattered one after the other. They couldn’t dodge in time, and any guard they put up was just destroyed along with their temporary bodies, all of which was being done with nothing but pure physical strength. With overwhelming strength, one didn’t need special abilities. All that was accomplished with brute force alone; punches with no skills accompanying them and kicks with large swings that were a far cry from polished.</p>

      <p>The spirits of the seasoned heroes were absolutely unable to put up a fight, and in the end, they were simply torn asunder. The powerful were strong because they were mighty. It was as if Leon was saying that as he fought, and the message was both clear and simple:</p>

      <p><em>“I don’t need any unnecessary add-ons or ornamentation.”</em></p>

      <p>To Leon, abilities and skills were unneeded, useless. They were nothing but a performance crafted by the weak to be an appeal to the world that they were strong and that they were putting in a touching amount of effort.<em> All I need is this body of mine. I have enough power in these fists to not need any of that.</em></p>

      <p>So Leon punched, and he continued to kill.</p>

      <p>Like that, simple, normal attacks—all his actions—were like finishing moves! It was simple, incredibly pure violence. This was the reason why Leon was hailed as the strongest, even amongst the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars. If every attack he unleashed was fatal, then there was no need for attack skills. If swords broke on his muscles even without him doing anything, then there was no need for defensive skills.</p>

      <p>The Lion King bared his fangs as he ran through the battlefield, building a mountain of corpses one body at a time. With that, there was nothing more the argonautai could do.</p>

      <p>Well, there might possibly have been a viable course of action. Though they proved far inferior when compared to Lufas or the Seven Heroes, they were still heroes from myth who had reached level 1000. The number of skills, magic, and heaven-arts they’d learned was vast, and depending on how they were used together, the heroic spirits could possibly have turned the tide. Depending on how their abilities were used, they could have suppressed Leon, similar to what the Twelve Stars had done in their fight with him.</p>

      <p>However, that was only possible if they had leadership. As the disorderly mob they were, there was no way they could take the best course of action with people acting the lone wolf, dragging each other down, and hampering one another in general. With the heroic spirits unable to exercise even half their original power, they were simply killed one by one before Leon eventually reappeared and the earth was dyed red with their blood.</p>

      <p>“No, this isn’t enough... As I thought, I can’t feel full without a main dish...!” Leon said as he looked up at the Dragon King belligerently.</p>

      <p>Responding to that, all of the Dragon King’s ten heads recognized Leon as their enemy and bared their fangs.</p>

      <p>In the past, before Lufas had appeared, Mizgarz’s power balance had been split between the four strongest monsters. And of those, the Dragon King Ladon and the Lion King Leon were now about to enter their first fight. The two of them were very similar; they were both despots, and they both plumbed the depths of atrocity. They controlled others through violence and fear.</p>

      <p>Leon expanded his body, tearing the clothes he was wearing. He grew fur over his entire body, and as he discarded his human form, he eventually resembled a lion. Finally, he settled down as a giant lion monster the same size as the Dragon King.</p>

      <p>With their true forms finally revealed, the two tyrants growled as they glared at each other. Pollux hurriedly jumped off the Dragon King, not willing to be caught up in their fight.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>On the other hand, the town of Laegjarn was in a complete panic. Of course they were. After all, a mythical battle had suddenly started just outside of town. It’d be weirder to stay calm. There was a gathering of heroes who only appeared in fairy tales, like those you’d read in a book, and they were all being annihilated continuously. The sight was utterly unreal. Just that part was more than anyone’s brain could process, but then a 160-meter-tall lion and 170-meter-tall, ten-headed dragon appeared.</p>

      <p>Alfie was slumped on the ground in shock and despair, while Friedrich had realized that he couldn’t run outside the barrier and so had started to dig into the ground. Kross had seemingly gone half insane as he started yelling, “The world is ending!”</p>

      <p>Sargess seemed to have noticed something, as he simply said, mysteriously, “Whether we live or die here is equal... All is up to the will of great space. Ia ia.”</p>

      <p>Jean shouted, “I’ll fight too!” as he tried his level best to get out of the barrier.</p>

      <p>One the other hand, Gantz was calm. The owner of the inn had fainted, so he had brewed his own piss-poor coffee, and he scrunched his face at the horrible taste.</p>

      <p>“U-Um... You’re quite calm, aren’t you?” Sei sat in a chair facing Gantz as he took the coffee the mercenary offered him. Virgo was next to Sei, and she’d frozen due to the bitterness of the coffee.</p>

      <p>“There’s no point in panicking, after all. Their battle isn’t at a scope which we can understand. No matter how we cry or wail, the outcome won’t change, so I might as well kill time with a cup of coffee.”</p>

      <p>“B-But, isn’t there something else you could be doing...? Like calming everyone down?”</p>

      <p>“That’d be impossible. The entire town is in chaos. They won’t listen to what we have to say, and they’re being loud enough that we’ll be drowned out anyway. In fact, we’ll become an outlet for their anger in the worst case. What you suggested is the job of nobility in the first place. That’s not my area of expertise.”</p>

      <p>“But Lufas just got rid of the nobility...”</p>

      <p>There was a moment of silence. “Yeah.” Gantz looked out of the window.</p>

      <p>Outside, the townspeople were, as always, running left and right like headless chickens while shouting meaningless things. It really drove the point home that people were animals that lost all control once they fell into a panic. However, he didn’t know how to feel, given that members of the hero’s party like Kross were mixed in with the crowd as well.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, Friedrich had hit a hot spring and was expelled from his hole due to the water pressure. <em>What the hell is that tiger doing?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“RWUOOOOOOOOAAAARRRR!!!”</p>

      <p>“JAAAOOOOOOOOHHHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>The two giant monsters cried out before clashing head-on.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>