<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_8">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>Wh-Whaaaat?!</em></p>

      <p>“In fact, she’s the one who sealed you, Miss Lufas! I saw her two hundred years ago helping Alioth and the others with the subspace seal!”</p>

      <p><em>Wh-Whaaaat?!</em></p>

      <p>Seriously, I didn’t expect this. Honestly, I’d sort of predicted that Dina was the Goddess’s avatar, but I never even suspected that she was the one responsible for my being sealed.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, I see. No wonder Dina ran. That bitch. She knew this would happen once she noticed Pollux coming, so she just scarpered!</em></p>

      <p>No matter how thin her presence was, this couldn’t be described as anything but an oversight.</p>

      <p>“Wait, why did you even let someone like her be your advisor?! If you knew she was lying, then you should have dismissed her!”</p>

      <p>“Well, We were just letting her swim around a little...”</p>

      <p>“Are you an idiot?! Are you?! Letting someone swim around is something you do when they don’t know that you know they’re lying to you, so there’s no point if they know you know! You too, Libra! Why did you allow something this stupid to happen?!”</p>

      <p>“My regret is deeper than the tallest mountain,” said Libra.</p>

      <p>“You aren’t reflecting on this at all then, are you?! You’re going up instead of down!!!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I will be breaching the stratosphere soon.”</p>

      <p>“You piece of junk!”</p>

      <p>Pollux was seriously angry, her look menacing, and I started to experience a feeling I couldn’t describe.</p>

      <p><em>Oohh... She’s really got her stuff together. Not like the Twelve Stars up until now, who you’d have to jokingly put a “lol” after that description for. She’s really got a normal, commonsense way of thinking.</em></p>

      <p><em>This! It’s this! This is what was missing from the Twelve Stars! Listen to those deft jabs! She’s exactly who I’ve been waiting for.</em></p>

      <p>There was a pause, then Pollux spoke. “Miss Lufas, could I trouble you to recount everything you’ve done from your revival up until now for me when you have the time? Since it’s you, I’m sure you’ve missed something.”</p>

      <p>Pollux retrieved a piece of paper and started taking notes. I tried peeking at the paper using my peripheral vision, and it seemed she was making a summary of all the information we knew from what she’d heard in this conversation. <em>Wow, she’s really diligent, isn’t she?</em></p>

      <p>“My word... Miss Lufas being a muscle-brained fool isn’t new, but it makes my head hurt. All of you should properly advise her, too, instead of just being her yes-men. Why do you think the Twelve Stars exist?”</p>

      <p>“To serve her with all our body and soul and carry out everything she wishes for, of course,” said Aigokeros. “Anything our lord says is the world’s truth. If Miss Lufas were to say that right was left, right and left would change. If she said white was black, white would be dyed black. For that purpose—”</p>

      <p>“Shut up, goat. The purpose of the Twelve Stars is to make up for what Miss Lufas lacks. Miss Lufas possesses absolute power, but she isn’t perfect at everything. In order to do what she can’t, she gathered together those with unique traits to form the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars to serve as her hands and feet. Someone has to be by her side as a brain, especially since Miss Lufas has always been a muscle-brain who likes to rush into action without really thinking. To think that of all things, someone would sneak in as that role...” Pollux said, sounding irritated as she looked at the other Twelve Stars reproachfully.</p>

      <p>However, what she said was an important discovery to me, and I was somewhat surprised. <em>I see... So I’m not the only idiot here. “Lufas” was too.</em></p>

      <p>Exposed to Pollux’s glare, the other Twelve Stars all replied without remorse.</p>

      <p>“I mean, I’m not that smart either...” said Aries.</p>

      <p>“Me too,” said Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>“Do you really think I could object to whatever my Lady Lufas wants to do?” asked Scorpius.</p>

      <p>“M E is also not that great at thinking...” said Karkinos.</p>

      <p>“Oh man,” Castor said, “I’m not exactly in charge of the thinking department either...”</p>

      <p>“I’m also not great at that sort of thing,” Sagittarius added.</p>

      <p>Pollux clutched at her head and groaned. “Muscle-brains, all of them...”</p>

      <p>When she did so, it was Virgo’s turn to contract apologetically.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, Pollux said, “Oh, it’s not your fault.”</p>

      <p><em>So she’s the hardworking and wise type, isn’t she? She has it hard...</em></p>

      <p>Then, Pollux glared at Libra, but the golem simply turned her head 180 degrees, refusing to meet Pollux’s gaze.</p>

      <p>“Libra, when I’m not around, you’re about the only one who would work as an advisor, right? Why did you let Miss Lufas run around as she pleased?”</p>

      <p>“An error has occurred in my hearing systems. I could not catch what you said.”</p>

      <p>“What a convenient system that is. You junk-maid.” Pollux sighed exasperatedly. Next, she turned and glared at me. “Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?”</p>

      <p>“Now that I’m back, I will be overseeing what you do. Whenever you want to plan something, come to me first. Understood?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? No, but...”</p>

      <p>“<em>Understood</em>?”</p>

      <p>I hesitated before saying, “Yes.”</p>

      <p>In terms of simple strength, Pollux couldn’t even touch my feet, but for some reason, I couldn’t seem to go against her. I’d wager that I was yelled at by her a lot two hundred years ago for a variety of things, and since then, she’d held the reins in this relationship.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, so this is what a true advisor looks like, huh? </em>Now that I had something to compare it to, I could tell just how much Dina had slacked off in her job as an advisor.</p>

      <p>“Still, this is something we need to reflect on...” said Scorpius. “To think that it was the very fool who sealed Lady Lufas away. And I even played cards with her without noticing... Hmm... Hmmmm...!”</p>

      <p>“And I gave her a lecture on how to prepare tea without even noticing either...!” said Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>Scorpius and Aigokeros shook their fists, making their anger known, but the words they’d spoken were just silly.</p>

      <p>“Just how carefree are you guys...?”</p>

      <p>The other Twelve Stars all acted similarly, making complicated expressions. Aries and Virgo seemed to be more sad that they were tricked than angry, and Libra looked like the other shoe had finally dropped, like something she had anticipated had finally happened. <em>Oh yeah, wasn’t Libra the one who doubted Dina the most?</em></p>

      <p>“Which means if we capture and interrogate her, we’ll be able to get closer to the Goddess by leaps and bounds.” Castor paused. “We didn’t know each other for long, but she didn’t seem like a bad lass though.”</p>

      <p>“Be careful, big brother. She’s a monster. She can change what mask she wears however many times she wants.” In opposition to Castor, Pollux spoke of the reality of this world.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, she’s right. Women are seriously scary. Well, Scorpius and the others are technically monsters though.</em></p>

      <p>“Hmph. Since it’s you, I bet you thought something like, ‘Having a subordinate whose thoughts I can’t decipher would be interesting.’ And you decided to leave her alone, even though you’d somewhat caught on, right? You’ve always been soft on those close to you, Maphaahl.”</p>

      <p>Benet stabbed me right in the heart, and I couldn’t help but be taken aback.</p>

      <p>“Grk!”</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, you’re totally right, goddammit.</em></p>

      <p>“Having an advisor whose intentions I can’t read would be interesting. And in a certain sense, having a dangerous subordinate is a trope.”</p>

      <p>That was the line I had once spat out after fighting Dina. Even for me, that was full-on stupid. However, I somehow couldn’t bring myself to think of her as an enemy in the end.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, there are four main things to do from now on. First, we need to find Aquarius and Pisces of the Twelve Stars. Then, we need to follow Dina, who’s disappeared. After that, I suppose we should look for a way to change the devilfolk into fairies...”</p>

      <p>“Looks like we need to split into four.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>Normally, splitting one’s forces was a bad idea. However... Well, in this case, there probably wouldn’t be any problems doing so at all. Honestly, keeping all the people here gathered together was kind of a waste of strength. There was the Black-Winged Conqueror (me), the Vampire Princess (Benet), and even the prince of the devilfolk and his aide. Not to mention most of the Twelve Stars as well as the rest of the hero’s party as an extra bonus.</p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it, this is a super chaotic mix-up of a party we got here... If we went all-out, we’d conquer the world in a day. </em>By the way, if we were destroying the world instead of taking it over, it’d be over in an instant instead. It was seriously scary.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be joining the team searching for the reincarnation method, of course. If I’m not there, they’ll probably get nowhere, after all.” Pollux paused. “Also, there’s something I’m concerned about.”</p>

      <p>“Luna and I will join you,” Terra said.</p>

      <p>“If Pollux is doing that,” Castor said, “then I guess I will too.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll join you guys too...” said Virgo. “It’s not like I’ll be worth too much in a fight...”</p>

      <p>The first ones to decide their activity were the fairy siblings, Terra and Luna of the devilfolk faction, and Virgo. Well, given their objective, this was probably the obvious choice. And I’d feel much safer with Virgo there with the fairy siblings, rather than out in some dangerous place, so that was fine too.</p>

      <p>“Aquarius should be in Muspelheim, the Burning Lands, right? Then those with resistance to fire would probably be best.” I paused, considering who was left. “Okay, then Aries and Scorpius should go. And in case there’s a fight, Karkinos should go too since he pairs well with Aquarius.”</p>

      <p>Muspelheim was otherwise known as the Burning Lands, so it was probably quite the hot place. None of us were so weak as to go down to a bit of fire, but we were still susceptible to heatstroke if we were in the heat for too long. Therefore Aries and Scorpius, who held a high resistance to flames, would be best.</p>

      <p>As for Karkinos, well, he was basically there to deal with Aquarius. With two Fire-attributed members, they were not well equipped to deal with her.</p>

      <p>“Whaaaaaaat?! You can’t do that to me! I want to be with you, my Lady Lufas!”</p>

      <p>“Get wrecked, Scorpion.”</p>

      <p>“LIIIIBRAAAAAA!!!”</p>

      <p>As expected, Scorpius took the bait, but I decided to ignore them for the moment. I’d become much more used to handling them recently.</p>

      <p>The next group would be the ones to search for Pisces, whose location was unknown. <em>Those two with their ability to search should go there.</em></p>

      <p>“Hunting for Pisces will be done by Libra and Sagittarius, with Aigokeros for support. We don’t think there’ll be a fight, but be careful anyway.”</p>

      <p>“I understand my mission, master. I will definitely bring back Eros.”</p>

      <p><em>At least call him Pisces. Well, whatever. They’ll do fine. Libra and Sagittarius will definitely get it done.</em></p>

      <p>“The hero’s party can do whatever they like. It’s not like any of you are our subordinates, after all. Just do whatever you all think is best.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay!”</p>

      <p>I made sure not to order around the kid and his friends, since I felt that would lead to a better outcome. There wasn’t a neat word to describe it, but they tended to take unexpected actions. The biggest example would probably be when they had made peace with me. I’d bet no one else would have come up with that idea. I wanted to pin my hopes on his trickiness as an otherworlder, which would lead him to ideas not bound by this place’s common sense.</p>

      <p>And last was searching for Dina... I was planning to handle this alone. I’d be fine on a battle-power front, and I wanted to take some time and talk to her too. At least, that’s what I thought...</p>

      <p>“Hey, Maphaahl. Aren’t you forgetting me?”</p>

      <p>I paused. “You intend to stay with us?”</p>

      <p>“I’d just be bored in Mjolnir, after all. It’d be more fun to watch you.”</p>

      <p>Apparently Benet wanted to stay.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Is this really okay? She’s not gonna suddenly attack me or anything, right? I don’t exactly hate Benet... In fact, I respect her a lot, but it’s scary that I have no idea when she’ll decide to attack me.</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, the teams were now decided. All that was left was to figure out how to get to where we were going. I could modify Suzuki, and along with Tanaka, that took care of two teams for now. I still wanted at least one more to cover the hero’s party though, since at least Benet and I could just fly. Well, it was more leaping than actual flying for Benet.</p>

      <p>“Next is our means of transport to our destinations, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“You can leave that one to me, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm?”</p>

      <p>I was considering making another golem, but Castor cut me off, voice full of confidence. Apparently he had some sort of flying ride. Castor and Pollux met gazes and gave each other small nods.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Pollux!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, brother.”</p>

      <p>“Combined skill: ‘Heroic Spirit’s Flagship!’”</p>

      <p>Castor and Pollux joined hands, raising them up to the sky. When they did, light shone from their hands, piercing through the ceiling and flying up into the sky. It didn’t seem to have any physical force, and though I described it as piercing, the ceiling hadn’t been broken. Then, after some time, the light gathered in the sky, manifesting as a giant flying ship.</p>

      <p>The people in town looked up, wondering what was going on, and found themselves gazing in wonder at the absurdity that was a giant flying ship.</p>

      <p><em>This is... Wow. In RPG terms, a flying ship that appears in the endgame to help you move around the world map is a common thing, but I never thought I’d see the real thing...</em></p>

      <h1>19</h1>

      <p>The heroic spirits’ flagship was named <em>The Argo</em>. It was a large flying boat that measured 350 meters long and 52 meters wide. Manifesting it was only possible when both Castor and Pollux were together, and it used mana as propellant. <em>The Argo</em> had been built using one of the branches of the fairy siblings’ true body. This was why it had very strong self-repairing capabilities; even if it was sunk, it would be back to normal in a few days. It was a rather unfair thing.</p>

      <p>The heroic spirits summoned by Pollux manned the ship, so we didn’t really have to do anything. The navigator was Pyxis, the Compass Box. The one-eyed man wearing a bandana knew all there was to know of Mizgarz’s skies, and he boasted as much.</p>

      <p>Suhail the Sail, a female pirate wearing a white coat, introduced herself as the chief engineer. Her looks weren’t bad, but she had thick arms and legs that had been trained to their limits as well as clearly defined abs, so she just didn’t exude any feminine charm.</p>

      <p>Then there was a group of three dwarves named Naos, Tuleis, and Asmidisces, who I couldn’t tell apart. It seemed that they were the engineers on the ship. <em>This is exactly why I keep wanting them to at least change the color of their hair.</em></p>

      <p>The helmsman was named Avior the Keel, and he was clearly not human. In fact, he was an undead monster called a dragon skeleton. <em>Was there not a better helmsman available?</em></p>

      <p>Other than them, there was a wide variety of argonautai taking on various tasks and supporting our current journey. There were about two heroic spirits in black robes who, for some reason, hurriedly got out of our way. But, well, they had been summoned by Pollux. She wouldn’t have come up with anyone weird.</p>

      <p><em>The Argo</em>’s maximum speed seemed to be Mach 5. I was told that, given six and a half hours, they could make a lap around Mizgarz. No matter how I considered it, that speed in no way matched the ship’s looks, but this was a fantasy setting.</p>

      <p>Also, the sailors were staring at Aries, and I couldn’t help but wonder why. Not that it mattered.</p>

      <p>“Oh, about that. In the past, we sailed around the world in this ship looking for a rainbow sheep, though we never found one in the end,” Castor explained.</p>

      <p>He was the captain of <em>The Argo</em>, and his captain outfit, which had been nothing but cosplay up until now, suddenly made a lot of sense. <em>So that outfit wasn’t just for show.</em></p>

      <p>“This is the first We’ve heard of it.”</p>

      <p>“It was several thousand years ago, after all.”</p>

      <p><em>Several thousand, huh? Makes sense that there’d be no point in talking about it then. Aries probably wasn’t the rainbow sheep around back then, and I wasn’t born at that time either. Well, whatever. Not like it matters anyway.</em></p>

      <p>“If any of them so much as look at Aries funny, We will throw them off the ship ourselves. Got it?”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>I spoke fairly jokingly, and Castor simply responded with a strained laugh. At the same time, the sailors who were staring at Aries hurriedly returned to their work.</p>

      <p><em>Okay then, I guess it’s time for a journey through the sky. </em>I paused.<em> I feel bad for the residents of Laegjarn. They’re probably the most surprised about </em>The Argo<em>.</em></p>

      <p>First, we went to Alfheim to drop off Pollux, Castor, Terra, and Luna, as well as the hero’s party. I also lent them Suzuki once more as a mode of travel for them in the future. Then, <em>The Argo</em> headed towards unknown lands—in other words, those outside the human sphere of influence.</p>

      <p>Aquarius was confirmed to be in Muspelheim, so we headed there first to drop off Aries and the others. I lent them Tanaka so they could return, and I also dropped off some heroic spirits to go with them and manage the seal in Aquarius’s place. Hydras the Water Serpent and Fenix the Phoenix had been chosen in his stead.</p>

      <p>Hydras was a type of dragon called a water dragon. Now, in his human form, he was a handsome man with long blue hair reaching his waist, and his level was 800. Fenix was a phoenix, said to be the strongest of the bird-type monsters. They boasted high heat resistance and regeneration abilities as well as the ability to do battle in the air. In his human form, he had red hair in a ponytail, was similarly level 800, and...handsome... They were both monsters that I’d captured, but I’d actually never raised them at all since I’d done so since they were all strong from the start.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Miss Lufas! I am most moved to be seeing you again in the living world! There was worth in waiting for you even after death.”</p>

      <p>“I give my thanks for the miracle of this meeting.”</p>

      <p>The two of them took my hands while giving off this weird, sparkly hot-guy SFX. They were so thin too. Did these guys come out of the wrong world or something? Either way, they were bastards who seemed like they belonged in some shojo manga rather than this place. They were way too sparkly, after all.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, wait a second. They’re dead?! I don’t remember bringing them to the final battle in the game though.</em></p>

      <p>“A phoenix died?”</p>

      <p>“Urk...! Please don’t poke at my weakness like that. It’s said that phoenixes are immortal, but it’s not like we don’t die. If you deal enough damage to outrace our regeneration, then of course we’d...”</p>

      <p>The fact that a phoenix had died and joined the argonautai was, in some ways, amazing. However, the most inexplicable one in the end was the dragon skeleton, as expected. Dragon skeletons should have been dead already, but the fact that it was here meant that it had died anyway and become a member of the argonautai. <em>I mean, if he’s going to be revived anyway, might as well revive him as he was in life, right? Why is he still a skeleton?</em></p>

      <p>“We will be leaving humanity’s sphere soon, Miss Lufas. We expect there to be attacks from the devilfolk, so please be prepared.”</p>

      <p>Having received Libra’s warning, I looked out of the ship. When I did, I could, in fact, confirm that things that looked like devilfolk were mobbing towards this ship. Since we were so stocked on fighting power at the moment, Libra or the other sailors would take care of the attacks, even if I didn’t do anything myself, but... Well, since I had the chance <em>I might as well tell them of Lufas Maphaahl’s revival as well.</em></p>

      <p>“No problem. We will go.”</p>

      <p>I cut off Libra and jumped from the ship. My field of view widened all at once and was filled with crowds upon crowds of devilfolk.</p>

      <p><em>Wow, amazing. They’re blotting out the sky. In total, there are... I can’t count that high. They’re probably over ten thousand though. Anyway, by most counts, I’m completely outnumbered. Most counts, anyway.</em></p>

      <p>“He he he! Look, there are some idiots who left the human territories!”</p>

      <p>“Whoo-hoo. Look at that. It’s a woman!”</p>

      <p>“Now that’s a good woman. I wanna do her.”</p>

      <p>As soon as they noticed me the devilfolk started to heckle me, but I simply watched while pointing a finger at them. A small ball of light the size of a marble manifested at the tip of my finger, and its faint light lit up my face.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Looks like she wants a go.”</p>

      <p>“What a brave lady. I bet she doesn’t know what level we are. Being so ignorant is scary, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Okay, let’s give her some despair before the fight... Some insurmountable despair, that is. Listen and be amazed. My level is 250! The Seven Luminaries, who you all barely manage to fight off so desperately, are not so far removed from me! Being around their strength is nothing much here on the dark continent.”</p>

      <p>“Are you so scared you can’t even speak? Of course you are. After all, there are so many of us here on the same level as the ones who’ve given you so much trouble. You’re trembling so hard you can’t even form words, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p><em>Ahhh... Yeah... Thanks for setting up that event flag so nicely. These people are pretty common in RPGs, aren’t they? They’re the kind of enemies that would be at the same level as leaders from the early- to mid-game, or they would be trash mobs in the final dungeon or something even though they’re supposed to be really strong. </em>I also wondered why they weren’t actually in the leadership when I played these games.</p>

      <p>I glanced over at the ship and noticed that Benet seemed to have completely lost interest, as she was yawning as if she did not care what happened. But that was only natural. Even though these devilfolk were level 250 and would certainly be considered strong, they were almost nothing compared to Benet and me.</p>

      <p>“All right! Let’s start off by scaring her with some magic!”</p>

      <p>“He he he. Maybe she’ll wet herself.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t kill her. I want to enjoy her later.”</p>

      <p>The devilfolk in the front had their own little conversation before they fired magic at me. While watching the spell come closer, the ends of my mouth bent into a smile.</p>

      <p><em>Well, that’s about right...for a level 250. I could just take it, but if I do, I’ll get dust on my clothes.</em></p>

      <p>I poured mana into the ball of light at my fingertip and instantly expanded it. The immediately enlarged light ball completely swallowed the magic spell that came flying into it, and it didn’t stop there. As the completely dumbfounded devilfolk were watching, it eventually expanded to a diameter of fifty meters, finally settling as a miniature sun. I actually could make it bigger, but if I went too far, I could then turn Mizgarz into a barren, scorched wasteland.</p>

      <p><em>Well, this should be enough.</em></p>

      <p>“Huh...? Wha...?”</p>

      <p>The devilfolk, who had previously been howling and braying, all suddenly froze as their eyes narrowed into dots. A yellow stain spread from their crotches, and they started trembling furiously.</p>

      <p><em>Sorry. You just picked the wrong opponent to start a fight with. I can’t blame you for not recognizing me while I’m hiding my wings and wearing glasses, but you should be more careful whom you choose as an opponent next time.</em></p>

      <p>I moved my finger, lightly flicking the completed Solar Flare in the direction of the devilfolk. Dodging was impossible. The miniature sun had its own powerful gravity, and it sucked the enemies into it. One after the other, the devilfolk were swallowed by it while crying and screaming. These death throes were filled with so much despair it hurt the ears, becoming a chorus that assaulted my eardrums.</p>

      <p>Shortly afterward, the Solar Flare exploded. A cheerful firework was raised to celebrate our first steps outside humanity’s sphere of influence, raising a mushroom cloud. I’d tried to limit the area of effect, but even then it turned out huge and showy.</p>

      <p><em>Well, if you’ve all learned from this, then stop picking fights on a whim.</em></p>

      <p>Thanks to the effects of Blunted-Sword Strike, the devilfolk were all left at 1 HP as they rolled around on the ground in tears, grateful that they were alive. I could have just killed them... Given what had happened with Terra, however, I figured I could let them go at least once. If his dreamy fairy tale of reincarnating the devilfolk as fairies was to come true, then there might not be any real need to fight the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>However, that couldn’t happen if I’d already exterminated them all by then. So once—just once—I decided to let them go. <em>Looks like I’m still at least a little bit soft...</em></p>

      <p>When I returned, Hydras and Fenix unreservedly showered me with praise, but those words seemed to be hiding poisoned barbs towards each other’s attributes.</p>

      <p>“As expected, Miss Lufas! What a wonderful blow, just like the sun!” praised Fenix. “As I thought, the light of flames that burn away all in existence reigns supreme! Water is nothing in the face of that. Nothing!”</p>

      <p>“How wonderful, Miss Lufas!” said Hydras. “A truly superb showing of <em>Sun-attribute</em> magic! It sounds like some piece of grilled chicken is under some sort of misconception, but your magic can’t even be compared to that of the Fire element! In the end, fire is just an inferior version of the sun!”</p>

      <p>It seemed that each of them noticed. The two of them shed their sparkly SFX, and their eyes instantly turned bloodshot as they glared at each other like a couple of street punks.</p>

      <p>“Ah?!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>“You got a problem, dickweed? It sounds like you’re getting too big for your britches, you dumbass wet snake! Wanna get evaporated?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?! A cooked piece’a chicken like you shouldn’t be making so much noise. You’ll get noticed and eaten.”</p>

      <p>“Ah?!”</p>

      <p>“What’d you say?!”</p>

      <p>They grabbed each other’s collars, and the way they glared at each other just screamed “small-time punk.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>