<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Sei, or rather everyone who was present and knew Lufas, instantly felt that they would be killed. The change in her was so striking that even Libra, who should have felt no emotions, almost took on a wary stance against her master.</p>

      <p>Lufas stared icily at Debris, pausing for a moment before saying, “We suppose we should ask, just in case. We are without a doubt correct in assuming that one there did all this?”</p>

      <p>Debris’s expression changed after hearing Lufas’s line that seemed to be making fun of him. However, his smug smile quickly reasserted itself, and he spoke pompously. “Huh?! Who the hell are you? You’ve got quite the big attitude for someone who just dropped in out of nowhere. Ignorance is scary, isn’t it? You don’t seem to know who I am.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. No idea.”</p>

      <p>On the other hand, Sei had been utterly paralyzed with fear and was unable to even speak anymore, but in his heart, he was screaming. <em>Stop that! Just stop provoking her! Apologize right now and beg for forgiveness! If you don’t...you’ll be killed!</em></p>

      <p>Debris never doubted his own superiority though. He never even noticed he was standing on a land mine. No, a nuclear bomb. No, a star that was moments from supernova.</p>

      <p>“Well, whatever. Rejoice, for I appoint you as my toy. Your attitude aside, your looks are superior. You are worthy of being played with by me.”</p>

      <p>It took a moment for Libra to respond. “Master, let us kill it.”</p>

      <p>“Wait a moment, Libra. We still have not received an answer. It would not do to have a case of mistaken identity here. We must get to the bottom of things.” Lufas persisted in doing nothing, even hiding her anger as she asked her question once again. “So, are you the one who did all this?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I am. I had to educate them a little, since they defied me. That woman though... She burned her own face for some reason. Apparently she didn’t want to be bedded by me. I suppose that bitch just wanted to act like she was fully grown.”</p>

      <p>“One more question. Virgo, that heaven-winged girl over there, she’s been punched, and her clothes are ripped. Was that also you?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. What about it? She scared me, though it was only a little bit. It’s her just deserts.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... This is amazing. You are like the definition of scum. We could find you in a dictionary. Not to mention, you’re third-rate scum at that,” Lufas said, giving her honest impression of him.</p>

      <p><em>This Debris guy, he’s like a shining example for scumbag nobles everywhere. The fact that he’s this far gone is actually kind of impressive in a way.</em></p>

      <p>By Lufas’s standards, this was actually a kind of compliment, but Debris clearly seemed angered by her words, and he drew his sword. “Looks like you need some education too.” He stopped time.</p>

      <p>By feeding mana into the ring, Debris could stop time, rendering everyone but Debris himself into unmoving, unspeaking sculptures. This ring, which was said to have been given to the hero Alioth in order to defeat the Black-Winged Conqueror, was matchless. As long as time was stopped, no one could defeat him, no matter how masterful they were at their craft.</p>

      <p>Debris considered his plan of action. <em>Hmm, maybe I’ll start off by peeling off the clothes of this girl who just showed up. I’m looking forward to seeing that confident face break down in shame.</em></p>

      <p>With such vulgar plans running through his mind, Debris reached out to Lufas, but his hand was caught, and the flow of time returned to normal.</p>

      <p>“Oh ho. Color us surprised. To think you would achieve this speed at your level. Or is there some sort of trick to it?”</p>

      <p>“Wha— Huh...?!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, We understand. It’s this ring. It seems to be some sort of powerful item.”</p>

      <p>Lufas, who’d breached the world of stopped time like it was nothing, spoke as if she hadn’t realized time had even been stopped. In fact, she hadn’t realized such a thing. To her, stopped time was simply what happened when she got serious. It was just a trifling phenomenon that happened because the world wasn’t able to keep up with her, so it just stopped. That was why Debris’s time-stop was nothing more than high-speed movement to Lufas. It was something that was only natural to any monsters who inhabited that world. To her, stopping time wasn’t even a skill or ability; it was just movement.</p>

      <p>Lufas stripped Debris of the ring and observed it closely. “Hmm... ‘Divine Relic Chronos,’ huh? Impressive. So when it activates, it lowers the speed of the entire world by 10,000 for several seconds. In effect, it stops time.” Lufas paused, examining the ring closer. “But this is...defective, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“G-Give it back!”</p>

      <p>“Now, now. Wait a second. First, we must take care of what we came here for.”</p>

      <p>Lufas smiled calmly as she clenched her fist. Then, she punched Debris straight in the face as hard as she could with her steel-like arm, only she’d attached the Blunted-Sword Strike skill to the attack. Debris’s nose was crushed, and he was about to be blown backwards, blood flying everywhere, but Lufas grabbed him by the neck and stopped that from happening.</p>

      <p>“Whoops. Don’t you dare faint on us now, brat. Your punishment is only starting.”</p>

      <p>Lufas smiled like a ferocious beast facing its prey, and she activated her Pressure. In an instant, everyone in the vicinity was assaulted with a heavy feeling, like the heavens had just fallen on top of them. She wasn’t even stopping the world’s time. She had simply suppressed everyone with her sheer presence. It was the talent of a king. The world itself shook in fear at the existence named Lufas, and the feeling of intimidation came with actual, physical pressure, which had even cracked the floor. But for all that, it basically didn’t affect Sei and those with him at all. She had displayed some strange skill with her abilities; it was as if the aftershocks of her power were sewn to the floor.</p>

      <p>“Eep...?!”</p>

      <p>This was when Debris finally realized he was the ignorant one. He had finally figured out that he’d picked a fight with an unbelievable monster. But Debris only thought, <em>Ahh, it’s happening again. I’m being looked down on again. I’m being laughed at again.</em></p>

      <p>“N-No... I don’t want to be looked down on anymore...! I... I...don’t want to go back to those times again!”</p>

      <p>Debris Spess had been abandoned in front of a church as a filthy orphan. During his childhood, he didn’t even know the faces of his parents. His body was weak, and he wasn’t gifted with talent in magic, so every day he was subjected to ridicule. Debris the incompetent. Debris the half-wit. Those were his nicknames. He was never once complimented, and he was always looked at like he was trash.</p>

      <p>However, his life made a sudden turn one day. It turned out that he was actually the child of nobility. He’d been kidnapped as a child, and the culprit had been cornered and forced to abandon him in front of a church. After hearing that, he was so overjoyed he couldn’t stop himself from bouncing up and down. <em>That’s right. I’m really from a noble family,</em> he thought. <em>I’m different from those commoners.</em></p>

      <p>However, his happiness was brief, for what awaited him in his life as a noble were looks of contempt for the time he’d spent as an orphan. So, he pretended he was strong in order to not be looked down upon.</p>

      <p>“I won’t go back to being an orphan... I don’t want to be looked down on anymore! That’s why... That’s why I swore to be the one doing the taking, not the one being taken from... That way... That way I won’t be looked down upon...”</p>

      <p><em>That’s why I hurt others more than necessary.</em></p>

      <p>“Who cares?”</p>

      <p>Lufas’s fist smashed into Debris’s face once more.</p>

      <p>“Gah! Boghh?!”</p>

      <p>“Why are you suddenly trying to spill your life story when We didn’t even ask? This cannot possibly be true, but did you think that what you did would be erased just by having a tragic past? We could not care less about your past.”</p>

      <p>To Lufas, Debris’s past mattered less than dog shit left by the side of the street.</p>

      <p><em>He was an orphan? He was looked down on? Who cares? This bastard laid his hands on Virgo and made an enemy of me. That’s all that matters.</em></p>

      <p><em>Also, I just plain don’t like what he’s done. Does having a sad backstory make it okay to oppress people? Don’t make me laugh. Being noble comes with a degree of obligation, of duty. Nobles aren’t there to oppress people. They’re there to protect and govern them. It’s true that We once committed evil deeds and took many lives. We even decimated people who opposed us and burned them to the ground. We won’t deny that. But any person who takes away their people’s happiness for sport is no longer a noble. They’re just bastards with authority.</em></p>

      <p>Emotion drained from Lufas with surprising speed, leaving only the coldheartedness of the Black-Winged Conqueror.</p>

      <p><em>We just don’t like this person from the bottom of our heart, so there’s no need to hold back. There’s only one thing We need to do.</em></p>

      <p>Lufas reapplied Blunted-Sword Strike and punched with all her might.</p>

      <p>She punched. Then punched and punched some more.</p>

      <p>Punch. Punch. Punch. Punch.</p>

      <p>Punchpunchpunchpunch! Punchpunchpunchpunch!</p>

      <p>Lufas’s fists, which displayed no pity or mercy, became a curtain of bullets numbering over hundreds of millions raining down on Debris in mere seconds. Head, face, chest, shoulder, arm, thigh, gut, leg, knee, crotch! She crushed every single part of him without fail! None of his teeth survived, whether they were the front teeth, canines, molars, or wisdom teeth! Everything was punched out of his mouth, his jaw was pulverized, and his eyes were destroyed along with the sockets housing them.</p>

      <p>But the fists didn’t stop.</p>

      <p>Skull, facial bones, vertebrae, sternum, ribs! Shoulder blade, clavicle, upper arm bone, forearm bone, hipbone, wrist bone! Pelvis, thighbone, kneecap, lower leg bone, tarsus! Lufas destroyed every bone in his body down to the last one.</p>

      <p>Her fists, which could crack planets with a single strike, rained down on him in a shower of outrageous irrationality. Debris’s mind gave out in an instant in the face of immense pain, but he couldn’t die thanks to the skill Lufas was using. He was forced to live, his HP at 1.</p>

      <p>“Get lost, servant.”</p>

      <p>Debris’s right-hand man was stunned when Lufas caught him in the middle of trying something.</p>

      <p>When Lufas’s flurry ended, there was not a single point of Debris’s body that was okay. At that point, he was only barely holding on to human form, or rather, he was <em>made</em> to hold on to human form thanks to the effects of a skill. The lump of meat that was Debris couldn’t even let out a cry of pain, but one last full-on strike sent him flying grandly, and even that was denied by Lufas once again, who grabbed him by the neck and dragged him back.</p>

      <p>While Blunted-Sword Strike was active, no one would be killed by Lufas’s attacks. However, it wasn’t such a powerful skill as to protect against anything other than that. If Lufas hadn’t caught Debris just now, he would have been sent flying with the force of all the millions of blows he’d taken in the span of a second, traveling an equivalent distance. Not even Lufas knew how far he’d be sent flying, but there was no doubt he’d end up in space and die. Lufas tossed Debris to the side, but though the person herself had planned to do it lightly, it still contained inhuman force behind it.</p>

      <p>Debris was sent burrowing into a wall, creating a tunnel several meters deep before stopping. The movement had been like tossing some trash on the floor into a garbage can. It had been that carefree. But the result was completely outrageous.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, Debris’s right-hand man went completely pale, realizing that he had zero chance of winning. After completely destroying the human named Debris, Lufas added a single note.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry... We held back. He can spend what little time he has left regretting his life.”</p>

      <p>Sei and the others had gone uniformly pale as they looked up at Lufas silently. <em>Just where was this “holding back” you were talking about?</em> Sei thought.</p>

      <h1>10</h1>

      <p>In front of me was a man sitting with his legs folded under him in seiza... Rather, he was made to do so. He was the weak old man who served Debris, the noble who’d spouted nonsense in my face just now. His face, which was drooping and facing the ground, was beaten up and swollen. A stain spread out from his crotch and there was an accompanying puddle at his feet. It was filthy.</p>

      <p>I stared at the man in silence for a moment.<em> I feel a little guilty about all this.</em></p>

      <p>Apparently he was, in fact, a powerless civilian. Just in case, I’d heard what he had to say, and it turned out he was just someone who had been forced to obey due to social standing. Therefore, I went really easy on him when I caught him, but he still ended up like this in the end. All I had done was lightly slap him around a bit though.</p>

      <p>Well, anyway. He had been helping the villain, and there were surely plenty of girls who hadn’t managed to get away thanks to him, so I decided to simply file it under just deserts.</p>

      <p>By the way, I had only healed Debris enough so that he wouldn’t die, so he was now on the floor just barely breathing. Of course, there was no telling what he’d do if I fully healed him, so I simply made sure he wouldn’t die. He still hadn’t changed from being some unexplainable object that just barely resembled a human. Of course, I had also taken the ring and had no plans on giving it back. It’d be like giving an ogre a club or an idiot a blade. There was no way giving it back to him would lead to something good.</p>

      <p>Also, I made sure to heal all the victims, leaving no scars or other traces behind. I also called Dina over to erase the incident from their memories. There wasn’t a single memory of this incident that they would benefit from having, after all. Something similar had happened before, but now that I thought back on it, those orcs could have even been considered gentlemanly. In other words, Debris was worse than an orc.</p>

      <p>I repaired Virgo’s clothes too, of course.</p>

      <p>“Do you swear to make amends to the victims?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I swear,” said Debris’s right-hand man.</p>

      <p>“Good. But never show yourself to them. Their memories might return. Keep to helping them from the shadows. Understood?”</p>

      <p>The man who had been employed as Debris’s right hand seemed to at least feel some guilt for the many crimes he’d assisted with, so I had him promise to live to make amends.</p>

      <p>Well, remorse alone didn’t give him free license to do whatever he wanted, but he had been unable to defy Debris given his standing, so this man was also a victim of sorts. That was why I didn’t think he deserved death, and it didn’t feel right to brand him a criminal along with the Spess family.</p>

      <p>As for the rest of the Spess family... Well, once these crimes came to light there was no doubt they’d be erased. I assumed the details would reach the royal family through either Gantz or the elf guy, so I figured that they would be stripped of their noble title eventually.</p>

      <p>“Here. Can you stand?”</p>

      <p>“Ah! Y-Yes! I— I-I-I’m fine!”</p>

      <p>I helped a brown-haired girl who was still on the floor up to her feet and applied some healing heaven-arts to her. She was pretty roughed up, but now that she’d been healed, she shouldn’t have any lasting marks.</p>

      <p><em>That Debris guy really has fallen as a man to go this far against a girl. Look at how badly she’s shaking and how afraid she is. Should I give him another hundred or so punches? </em>I quietly considered the option.<em> Well, whatever. He’ll get what he deserves later. Anymore than this will literally just be kicking a dead body.</em></p>

      <p>“Sorry for butting in. Our business here is done. The rest is up to you.”</p>

      <p>Like that, I left the rest up to the hero’s party, and I made a quick escape. Of course, I took the girl Raile with me, as she was the subject of my quest. Her burns had been completely healed. <em>Heaven-arts are seriously useful.</em></p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas, what kind of object is this ring?” Libra asked on the way back.</p>

      <p>She was probably concerned as to why I had called it defective. It wasn’t really a secret, so I explained. “The ring’s effect is just as I said. But reducing the world’s speed by 10,000 would stop the user as well. In order to combat that, the user has to be given enough speed to overcome it. This means it forces the user’s time to speed up until it exceeds 10,000 so the user is able to move in a stopped world.”</p>

      <p>“That’s...”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. It would be no problem for someone like us, who reached this point on our own, but that wasn’t the case for him. Even then, the ring itself would take the burden of the increased ‘time’ while he had it, so it wasn’t a problem. However... Now that he doesn’t have the ring... Do you get it?”</p>

      <p>The effect of the ring debuffed the entire world in addition to buffing the user. In numbers, it would be 10,000 both ways. It dropped the speed of the entire world to 0, stopping time. It was unbelievable, but it debuffed the concept of time itself.</p>

      <p>As it stood though, that would stop the user too, so it also gave them enough speed to rip past such a barrier by accelerating the person themself. Indeed, it was like cheating. If there wasn’t such a huge demerit, I would have wanted it for my Twelve Stars too. However... Once the user lost the ring, all the extra time came rushing back to them, returning to its original owner. It was an incredibly flawed object.</p>

      <p>Of course, it wasn’t so kind as to just give back five seconds or something because the world had been stopped for that long. It was worse than that. It was said that a human’s walking speed was around five kilometers per hour. That noble was a resident of this world, so his physical abilities were higher than the people of Earth, but even then, it most likely wouldn’t exceed thirty kilometers per hour.</p>

      <p>On the one hand, to reach time-stop—in other words, the “world where time is left behind,” that Benetnasch and I could reach—the speed required would be... Well, I’d never actually measured it, but given all-out running or flying with compressed internal time, I’d be willing to bet you would need to be able to make a lap around Mizgarz within a second in real time. Therefore, I’d say that the speed of Benetnasch or myself during battle would be over Mach 100,000. <em>The numbers are so high it sounds like a joke, but let’s just set that aside.</em></p>

      <p>This was where the problem started. Mach 1 is about 1,200 kilometers per hour, or so I’ve heard. It won’t be completely accurate here since there are differences in atmospheric temperature and pressure, but it’s close enough. With that metric, speeding up thirty kilometers per hour to Mach 100,000 would require you to multiply by four million. That meant the owner of this ring would experience four million times the time per second of stopped time... That would be over forty-six days of someone’s lifespan for one second of time-stop.</p>

      <p>Using the ring a couple times would probably be fine. It was a harsh price, but it wasn’t unpayable. Stopping time for ten seconds in total would equal more than a year, but even that might be within acceptable limits. What if you repeated that over and over though? What if each usage stopped time for ten seconds, and you had used it every time something had come up? Stopping time for one minute would use up over seven years of your life span, which meant that if your total stopped time went over ten minutes, over seventy years would be gone.</p>

      <p>From the looks of things, that spoiled brat relied on the ring pretty heavily. I didn’t know how many times he’d used it, but I expected he was an old geezer right about now. <em>Wait, is that being too generous?</em> Anyway, this ring was like trading in your future for a win now.</p>

      <p><em>The only ones who could use this with no demerit would be me, the Devil King, and Benetnasch... What should I do with it? It might be fun to use it as materials for a golem.</em> As I was now, making a golem stronger than Libra wouldn’t be impossible. At any rate, there was no doubt the ring was defective, but that didn’t mean it was useless. <em>Let’s just keep it for now.</em></p>

      <p>After that, we made it back to the inn. The owner thanked us so profusely that it actually got a little annoying. This just showed how much he must have cared for that woman named Raile. Of course, we never told him the full details of what had happened. We just told him that she had been put to sleep after she’d been taken. Well, it was true that a hand had never been laid on her, so that wasn’t a lie.</p>

      <p>Anyway, that was over. What was more important now was food. There were several dishes full of way too gorgeously decorated food lined up in front of me giving off steam. It kind of seemed like there were too many, but there were a lot of us too. We’d probably be able to finish them all.</p>

      <p>I picked a dish out of the lineup and took it. It was a large bone which was surrounded by thick meat, and it was well-cooked all the way through.</p>

      <p><em>So manga meat actually exists...</em></p>

      <p>I took a bite, ripping some meat away, and felt my mouth filling with umami and meat juices. The flavor was unfamiliar to me though. It felt good to bite into. The meat was a little tough, but overall, it was great. It tasted kind of close to chicken, but this was definitely different.</p>

      <p>While savoring each bite, I suddenly thought of a fake dragon with wings. That thought led into a scene where a somewhat younger-looking Megrez and the faces of the now-deceased Alioth and Mizar were enjoying camping together with the old Lufas. Near them was the carcass of a wyvern that they’d hunted being cooked over a fire.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, I see... This is wyvern meat. Even though it’s just a fake dragon, this isn’t the first time I’ve eaten one. So wyverns taste like chicken. I’m definitely not put off by that though. In fact, I quite like this taste. Seems like it’d go well with some mayonnaise.</em></p>

      <p>With thoughts like that floating through my mind, I continued to enjoy my lunch. However, that temporary enjoyment was brought to a halt by Dina, who suddenly stood up.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Dina?”</p>

      <p>“I need to go wash my hands.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, she just needs to go.</em></p>

      <p>I watched as Dina hurriedly ran off before I went back to my wyvern meat. However, Castor was the next to stand up, so fiercely this time he kicked the seat away, and the meal was once again interrupted.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Does he need the toilet too?</em> I thought, but Castor’s face was dead serious. He was sweating, and his face looked more grim than I’d ever seen it. <em>Hmm, it doesn’t look like...he’s holding it in.</em></p>

      <p>“This feeling... No, Pollux? But why...? She should never leave Alfheim...”</p>

      <p><em>Pollux? That’s the name of the other Twin, the little sister, right? </em>According to Parthenos, the Twins had been tasked with sealing another ouroboros, but Castor didn’t seem like he had anything to do with that. The fact that he was here in the first place was strange. That meant the job of sealing the ouroboros would naturally be left to his little sister. <em>Sounds like something happened to her.</em></p>

      <p>Just like that, Castor took off and left the inn. I couldn’t help but be taken aback and left speechless.</p>

      <p><em>Well, uh... I guess I should follow him for now.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Truly, like a storm,” Sargess muttered following a moment of silence after Lufas left.</p>

      <p>His words sounded painfully sincere, speaking to the feelings of everyone in the room. What was a fearsome item to them was merely a defective one to Lufas, and what stood as a tough enemy to Sei and the others was just a weak old man to her. She most likely never even noticed that the man still sitting in seiza was strong enough to be treated as a top-class fighter in this world. Actually, whether she even registered him as a fighter was still up in the air... To her, the difference between a civilian and Debris’s right-hand man was like the difference between a regular ant and a slightly stronger ant. There was no way she could tell the difference. Even a light slap that almost seemed like she was petting a lovely small animal had jarred Debris’s right-hand man’s face and neck so much they looked like they would come off. The fact that he’d swelled up so quickly was so shocking it surpassed fear, and almost made those who watched want to let out a weird, small laugh.</p>

      <p>Sei had once questioned the trope in games where the player couldn’t run away from the boss, but now he understood. <em>Ah, nope. Impossible. There’s no running away from that. She just lives in a different time frame. The second you try to run, she’ll already have grabbed you from behind by the neck. There’s seriously nothing to be done.</em></p>

      <p>Sei was quiet, then muttered, “I’m so pathetic,” as he looked down at his hands.</p>

      <p>He knew he was weak. Even so, he hadn’t thought it was too serious a problem, since he’d been too isolated by Lufas and the rest of the people he interacted with. It was only natural to feel weak in front of things like tornadoes, earthquakes, and meteors. No human would consider weakness in the face of those things a serious problem. Who would look at the sun and think, “Why am I so weak when the sun is so big and strong?”</p>

      <p>But today was different. Sei had been confronted with reality. He couldn’t even hold a candle to another human, the same as he was. He was confronted with the fact that he was weak and pathetic. He’d proved an easy mark to be taken hostage, let alone being strong enough to protect someone from those with evil intent.</p>

      <p>More than anything else, Sei couldn’t forgive his own weakness. He felt the desire to become strong more keenly than ever before. The method to do so was right in front of him. If he could somehow get Lufas to give him one of the golden apples only she could make, he could easily become strong enough to be ranked among the top of the world. The only question was whether or not that was the right thing to do. To Sei, it seemed too easy.</p>

      <p><em>Lufaemonnn, I wanna be strooong! Okay! Here’s a golden apple! Yayyy! Level 1000, here I come!</em></p>

      <p>Sei’s thoughts stalled as he silently considered it.<em> Could I really be called strong if I do that? Could I really be proud of my strength that way? Would I grow arrogant and spoiled by gaining power so easily? Am I confident that I won’t turn out like Debris?</em> There was no better way to warp a person than to give them easily obtained power. In that sense, golden apples were truly forbidden fruit. They would lead humans down the wrong path.</p>

      <p><em>I want to become strong... Yeah, I want that from the bottom of my heart. But using that alone to justify using golden apples makes me hesitate.</em></p>

      <p>In the end, that was the reason Sei had yet to breach the topic to Lufas even once. There was no real reason for it. He was just scared to be wrong. He was scared to step onto the wrong path. Being wrong was a source of fear for Sei, since it might affect others as well as himself. The more power there was involved, the larger the effects of any mistakes.</p>

      <p>Talking in extremes, if Sei made a mistake and swung with all his might, hitting the ground, he might make a hole or something at most. If Lufas were to do the same thing, it would result in untold casualties. She might even accidentally split the planet in two.</p>

      <p><em>The truth is that a single human can gain the strength to affect the entire world. There’s no way such a thing should be treated lightly, and I shouldn’t think of it that way either. If I were to gain all that power...would I be able to use it correctly? Do I have that qualification?</em> Sei could not find the answer within himself.</p>

      <p>“Is something wrong, Sir Sei?”</p>

      <p>Petto turned his cute round eyes upwards, looking at Sei with worry since he was so quiet. Sei, however, made like there was nothing wrong.</p>

      <p>“N-No, nothing’s wrong.”</p>

      <p>Sei then silently went and moved the dumb dog, who was pissing on Debris’s face, before warning him not to pee on people. Then, he turned to Alfie.</p>

      <p>“Um... Uh, sorry. I wasn’t too much help.”</p>

      <p>“What? If it weren’t for you, I’d have been caught in that alley, and who knows what I’d be like right now. I’m grateful, Sei.” Alfie smiled as she thanked him.</p>

      <p>She looked away, turned her eyes back to Sei, and then looked away again. It seemed as if she had something she wanted to say but couldn’t quite work up the courage to say it. Eventually though, she braced herself and gazed straight at Sei.</p>

      <p>“And, um... Uh, if you’re okay with it... And if everyone else is okay with it too... Ummm... I know it’s really selfish of me to say this, but I could join you guys again...”</p>

      <p>Alfie fidgeted restlessly as she talked, but in the middle of all that the idiot dog with too much time on its hands started playing with Sargess, which caused his robe to fall away. And what was revealed to everyone was a spider!</p>

      <p>Alfie paled instantly seeing that, and she went fully silent. She’d already figured that Sargess was some sort of demihuman, but they’d fought together, and she actually thought of his personality favorably. She didn’t hate him... She definitely didn’t.</p>

      <p>However, some humans will be forever bad at dealing with certain things. There are some who just cannot handle cockroaches, and those who just can’t stomach spiders. That was just how it was here. Alfie just couldn’t accept the appearance of spiders as a species. It wasn’t a matter of whether or not Sargess was a threat, and it didn’t matter if he was venomous or not. Unfortunately, she struck out right from the start at his appearance. Just by looking at him, Alfie got goosebumps, and she couldn’t stop sweating.</p>

      <p>For a long while, Alfie was silent. “Sorry. Forget what I just said...”</p>

      <p>Just like that, a recently raised flag was instantly crushed.</p>

      <h1>11</h1>

      <p>“*gasp* ... *gasp* ...!”</p>

      <p>In the sky some ways away from Alfheim, a male and female pair of devilfolk were desperately flying. Well, technically, they weren’t both flying. It would be more accurate to say that the man—Terra—was flying by himself while holding Luna. There was a large gap in levels between Terra and Luna, and it was much faster for Terra to carry her than for Luna to fly herself. Of course, it needn’t be said that doing so meant Terra would be slowed, and they were being chased by a terrifying pursuer.</p>

      <p>It was 170 meters in length, and it weighed 180,000 tonnes. It was clad in jet-black scales, and every time its gigantic wings flapped, they whipped up a storm. It had a total of ten heads that boasted powerful, unparalleled might, each of those heads the equal of ten normal dragons. In the past, it used to be called “the dragon with a hundred heads.” It was a monster that had disappeared from the world already, exterminated more than two hundred years ago.</p>

      <p>In the past, it had controlled over twenty percent of the world, and it stood at the peak of all dragons, who were said to be the embodiment of power. It was counted among the four strongest pillars of the world along with the Vampire Princess, the Lion King, and the Devil King. Before Lufas Maphaahl had come along and killed it, it had plumbed the depths of tyranny as it pleased because it was considered invincible.</p>

      <p>Its name was the Dragon King Ladon. The monster had disappeared from the living world long ago, but now it was back and roaring mightily. Riding on top of such a monster was the Fairy Princess Pollux, and she was looking down upon Terra and Luna with an ice-cold gaze.</p>

      <p>“Sir Terra! I’ll serve as bait, so please leave me and run!” cried Luna.</p>

      <p>“No,” Terra replied. “You will not even be able to be bait.”</p>

      <p>“But!”</p>

      <p>“Just be quiet, and hold on tight!”</p>

      <p>Pollux’s rampage had been completely unexpected by Terra. As for why things had turned out like this, he had figured it out thanks to what Pollux had shouted to him last; the Goddess had made some sort of play, and Pollux was now being controlled. Because if that wasn’t the case, she wouldn’t have been able to make use of the Dragon King, even if she was the Fairy Princess.</p>

      <p>It was true that, with her ability, summoning and thus reviving the Dragon King wouldn’t be impossible. However, the ability was to “summon heroes.” The Dragon King was a destroyer who was diametrically opposed to those who would be considered heroes, so he did not fit within the ability’s conditions. At the very least, it was unthinkable that Pollux thought of Ladon as a hero.</p>

      <p>Also, even if she did manage to summon him, she wouldn’t be able to make use of him. If the legends were correct, then the Dragon King Ladon was even more tyrannical than the Lion King Leon. Ladon just didn’t have the kind of personality of someone who would listen to others, but right now, Pollux was using the Dragon King. It followed her as if it didn’t have any ego at all.</p>

      <p>As for a being that could make that happen... Well, there was only one in all of Mizgarz. Yes—only the Goddess of Creation, Alovenus, was capable of such a feat, and her objective was most likely to defeat Lufas Maphaahl. In order to accomplish that, she’d make use of the strongest piece available to her at the moment.</p>

      <p>“Poor, pitiful children of the devil. Be calm. Stop your resistance to the inevitable. I do not intend to kill you. I simply desire another card to use against Orm. If you will subject yourselves to me, I will guarantee your safety.”</p>

      <p>“Well that’s great...! But unfortunately, I don’t think I’d work as a hostage to my father!”</p>

      <p>“No, no. You are quite wrong about that.” Someone who wasn’t Pollux was borrowing her mouth to talk. The person sounded soft, and just hearing that voice felt comforting and relaxing, even though there was no reason for it.</p>

      <p>However, Terra was convinced. He knew that if he were to give in to these feelings of relief and relaxation, all that awaited them was destruction. Her words made him truly feel at ease; just like a mother’s lullaby, it stripped him of all wariness. That was scarier than anything else.</p>

      <p>Also, if they were to get caught here, Terra wouldn’t be able to face Pollux, who’d struggled so much. <em>Struggle... Yes, she’s still fighting in there. If she wasn’t... We would already have disappeared, especially Luna.</em></p>

      <p>If the devilfolk were a spell cast by the Goddess, then it should have been easy for her to dispel them as well. But given how that hadn’t happened yet, as well as the fact that she wanted a card to play against his father, Terra figured that at the moment, the Goddess was in an incomplete state where she was unable to bring her omnipotence and omniscience to bear.</p>

      <p><em>She’s just hijacking Pollux’s consciousness, possessing her. That’s why we’re still alive. No, “possessing” isn’t quite accurate. I’d guess that Pollux isn’t even being possessed right now. It seems to me like the Goddess is moving a piece on a board. Pollux is acting like a puppet who’s being controlled, while the controller uses her as a mouthpiece.</em></p>

      <p>If Lufas had been here, she’d probably point out that it was like moving a character in a TRPG.</p>

      <p>“Capture them,” Pollux ordered.</p>

      <p>The countless dragons behind her accelerated at once. They were the army of dragons that Lufas had eliminated in the past. However, they had now gained temporary bodies and had descended upon the present. Each one of them was a monster possessing extraordinary strength.</p>

      <p>Terra would have been able to take on about five of them at once, but anymore than that was a tough thing to ask for, especially since he was protecting Luna. Terra desperately avoided the crowd of dragons that attacked them, pulling off amazing acrobatic flight maneuvers in order to shake them off. Meanwhile, he tightly hugged the existence he had to protect in his arms close to his chest so as to not drop her as she tried to make herself as small as possible.</p>

      <p>If Terra had been alone here, he would have drawn his sword to bat them away or counterattack, and in doing so he might have been able to get away. Of course, the possibility of that happening was a mere one percent, but it was indeed possible. However, the current situation Terra found himself in was impossibly disadvantageous; not even that small possibility existed.</p>

      <p>“So you wish to be captured along with the girl, I see. You are truly orthodox and just my type... But that is something that should be done by the hero, not by someone like you.”</p>

      <p>The words were spoken by someone with a far higher vantage point, and they sounded unreasonable in the extreme. However, she had the right to say those things because she had power.</p>

      <p>The Dragon King’s ten heads writhed as they opened their large mouths in Terra’s direction. Each of those mouths unleashed a powerful fire so destructive that every one of them could destroy a city on their own.</p>

      <p>“I can hold back to some degree... But don’t die, will you?”</p>

      <p>The giant stream of flames hit Terra’s back.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“We’re going in the right direction, yes?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. My little sister is coming.”</p>

      <p>Several minutes had passed since Castor had flown off. We were now far outside the city, looking at an unfamiliar sky. Apparently, Castor had sensed that his other half, the Fairy Princess, had left her spot for some reason and was coming towards us. It was probably some sort of twin synchronization thing, and it didn’t seem like Castor was wrong. I could also feel something dangerous coming this way through the prickling of my skin.</p>

      <p>I took off my glasses and undid the bandages hiding my wings.</p>

      <p>I had Virgo wait in the inn. She most likely wouldn’t be able to keep up with the battle that was about to happen, and having someone at least somewhat skilled behind us in town would allow us to worry less as we fought. I had left Dina behind too, as she hadn’t come back from the restroom yet.</p>

      <p>Of course, things would be best if it never turned into a fight. The absolute best outcome would be a silly one, where she’d just come to speak with me for some reason, and I’d just happened to be too cautious. So for the moment, I simply assumed that I <em>was</em> being too cautious. She was a member of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, after all. It was weirder to assume there would be a fight.</p>

      <p><em>But, I wonder...</em> Something inside me was sure that this would not turn out so peacefully. I didn’t know which organ between my brain and my heart housed my mind and which housed my soul, but both of those were screaming at me to get ready for a fight. It most likely originated from “Lufas’s” instinct, something mysterious and immeasurable she’d gained through throwing herself into battle.</p>

      <p>Instinct alone might have been unreliable, but for some reason, I was able to put my full trust in my instincts right now. It wasn’t just me either. Aries, Libra, Aigokeros, Scorpius, Karkinos, Sagittarius, and Castor were already prepared for battle, each one of them seemingly ready for anything. As things stood, we would be intercepting Pollux with everyone, but I didn’t think that was too much. Something inside me was sounding the alarm with all its might, shouting that the coming fight would surely be even more dangerous than the ones with Benetnasch and Leon.</p>

      <p>“Heaven-arts: Heliopause and Heliosphere.”</p>

      <p>I circulated divine power all around Laegjarn, covering it in a protective physical barrier.</p>

      <p>Heliopause was a barrier that completely shut out any physical damage below a certain threshold and was mainly useful against opponents and abilities that dealt fixed damage. However, its limit was (Player level + Priest level) * 10, which meant my Heliopause wouldn’t do anything against values over 10,500. It might be a mediocre value, but it wouldn’t be useless.</p>

      <p>In the game, there was a monster that would use a skill called “Swallow Ten Thousand Needles” repeatedly from many directions to deal a fixed 10,000 damage with each use, and in cases like those, this skill was perfect. Depending on the target’s HP, it would also defend against Mesarthim if the damage was low enough.</p>

      <p>Given all that, the overall impression of this spell was... Well, it was better than nothing. However, in this case, it would serve to protect against any adverse effects of our fight. It would easily break if we were to attack it directly, but in that case, Karkinos would just have to do his job.</p>

      <p><em>I already explained Heliosphere’s effects, but just in case, it’s a spell to defend against magic.</em> By deploying it inside the barrier erected by Heliopause, it could also work to block stray spells.</p>

      <p>As an aside, absolute physical defense did exist in <em>Exgate Online</em>, and I could use it. However, that effect didn’t exist in any skills or heaven-arts that I could use on all of my friends. Also, enemies usually had piercing skills in order to counter absolute defense skills, so they were surprisingly useless. I’d been so happy when I’d first gotten one, thinking, <em>Now I’m invincible!,</em> but in the next fight, I’d been easily pierced by an enemy. <em>I’ll never forget that.</em></p>

      <p>“Sagittarius,” I called out.</p>

      <p>“Yes!”</p>

      <p>He instantly let an arrow fly with no hesitation. I grabbed the arrow of light, which had no physical form, and immediately activated my skill.</p>

      <p>“Enchant Ray.”</p>

      <p>Enchant Ray was a buff that enhanced an ally’s attack and defense abilities.</p>

      <p>Then, Sagittarius added in his unique skill. Its name was Ascella. Its effect was to take a skill, spell, or heaven-art that only targeted a single target, and make it apply to all enemies. Of course, it would lower in power compared to its original state, but it was pretty nice if you thought of the savings you got over having to cast or use something again for the entire party. Well, a certain nationally famous RPG had the feature to turn anything multi-target by pressing the L button, so compared to that, it didn’t sound too powerful. It was still very convenient though. Also, there was the option to use an absolute physical defense skill and then change the target to all of Laegjarn...but as was mentioned before, absolute physical defense was as easily countered as it was powerful, so I didn’t opt for that.</p>

      <p>I grabbed the arrow and threw it. When I did so, the arrow split, each one stabbing into all of the Twelve Heavenly Stars here and raising their abilities.</p>

      <p>“Skill: Tegmine!” Karkinos activated his skill, raising his defenses even further.</p>

      <p><em>Now then, this should have us ready for now. </em>I crossed my arms, waiting for what was to come.</p>

      <p>That was when an unexpected male-female devilfolk pair came to us. <em>If I remember right, he should be the Devil King’s son who I saw once in Blutgang... I believe his name is Terra?</em> He was carrying a girl in his arms, and they were running desperately from something. They were covered in wounds all over; it looked quite painful.</p>

      <p><em>Are they the reason for the alarms that are sounding off inside me? </em>I considered this for a moment. <em>No, they aren’t. I do feel that they are a tiny bit threatening, but they aren’t what I’m wary of.</em></p>

      <p>“He is...”</p>

      <p>“The Devil King’s son, I believe. Should I erase them?” asked Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>Having seen them, I stopped Aigokeros, who was about to attack. For now, I decided to observe the situation. “No, wait. Something doesn’t seem right.”</p>

      <p>After I stopped Aigokeros, Terra fell in front of me, and the girl in his arms also fell to the ground. However, she wasn’t seriously hurt. It was clear that Terra must have protected her with his life.</p>

      <p>“Sir Terra! Sir Terraaaa!”</p>

      <p>The girl cried as she shook Terra, but there was no response. I stepped forward, placing myself in front of her. When I did, the girl (<em>I believe her name is Luna?</em>) stood in front of Terra, trying to protect him. <em>How noble. Even though she knows she has no chance...</em> I tried glaring at her, eliciting a flinch and some trembling from the girl. Even then, she showed no signs of moving.</p>

      <p>After a pause, she stuttered, “P-Please... I don’t care what happens to me... Just let Sir Terra go.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? How convenient for you. We have no reason or obligation to do that for you though.”</p>

      <p>“I-I’ll do... I’ll do anything you want... Please!”</p>

      <p><em>Hmm? She just offered to do anything? Leaving jokes like that aside, what should I do? Oh, it looks like I’ll have to decide what to do with them later. Seems like the threat I was waiting for is here.</em></p>

      <p>The subject of my internal alarm flew at surprising speed until it got in front of me. It appeared in an instant, as if it had warped, and it looked like a giant dragon. The monster possessed ten heads, and for some reason, it seemed familiar to me. In a flash, my mind reminded me of its name, which I considered quietly. <em>The Dragon King Ladon, huh? If I remember right, it should be a final boss from an event in the game. It dropped a lot of valuable alchemical mats on defeat, and I remember using the drops to make Amritas.</em></p>

      <p>Then, there was the girl with honey-colored hair who was standing on top of it. <em>I’m pretty sure that she’s the Fairy Princess Pollux.</em></p>

      <p>Pollux and I locked eyes, and the Fairy Princess smiled softly. “I see. So you’re the Black-Winged Conqueror. I’ve known of you for a while now, but this is the first time we’re speaking like this, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>I considered her words silently before asking, “You are not Pollux, are you?”</p>

      <p>“Correct. I’m only borrowing her body for a little while.”</p>

      <p>Someone who wasn’t Pollux was borrowing her mouth to speak. If it was Pollux, she wouldn’t have claimed this was the first time we were speaking. Probably, anyway. In truth, this was the first time I was meeting her, but from her perspective, Lufas Maphaahl should already have been familiar. So there was only one answer. Just like how I wasn’t Lufas, she wasn’t Pollux, and there weren’t many who could pull off something like controlling Pollux.</p>

      <p>If my predictions were correct, I was talking to my greatest enemy.</p>

      <p>“I’ve been wanting to talk to you... But before that, let’s have these unnecessary things swept from the stage.”</p>

      <p>Pollux looked down at Terra and Luna, and a warrior wearing a full suit of armor stepped down from the dragon and moved towards them. I paused. <em>He’s pretty strong. Level 750, huh? </em>The warrior lifted up his sword, and Luna covered Terra with her body, trying to act as a shield. The warrior had no killing intent though. The plan was probably to lop off an arm or a leg and simply capture them.</p>

      <p>I took a step and got between the warrior and the devilfolk, catching his raised blade with my bare hands.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>