<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Oh ho... So you were waiting all this time for me to leave my bodyguard? How admirable. You’ve certainly managed to take me from behind, but did you think that would lead to your victory? From the looks of you, you’re only around level 300. I’m still level 800, you know, even as weak as I am.”</p>

      <p>“That’s true. You’re level 800, and if you had the normal amount of strength for that level, I probably wouldn’t be able to win. But you should have sacrificed almost all of your combat ability to have such peerless skills. Am I wrong?”</p>

      <p>“That’s not a bad read, but did you figure that out yourself? Or maybe it’s what the child over there expects? Either way, if you’re wrong, I’ll just counterattack, and you’ll die.” Pollux giggled, showing off a sense of composure befitting her strength.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, Luna’s hand trembled for a moment but no more than that. It wasn’t that she didn’t understand the hopeless gap between level 300 and level 800. Her last encounter with Aigokeros had left enough of an impression to have her still tossing and turning in her sleep. If Pollux had strength befitting her level, then it would be as if Luna were pointing her blade at another terrifying Aigokeros, and that was simply suicide. Just as Pollux said, Luna would simply be counterattacked and turned into mincemeat before she could do anything, but even after realizing that, she didn’t pull back.</p>

      <p>“This is what Sir Terra thinks, and I believe him more than you.”</p>

      <p>“I see... Then what will you do if I refuse to cooperate? That child’s plan won’t work if I don’t help, which means I already know I won’t be killed. I could just decide to be obstinate.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, I’ll just kill you on my own. I can’t allow Sir Terra to be killed.”</p>

      <p>Pollux gave a silent look to both Luna and Terra and found herself subconsciously smiling after seeing the strength of their bond. At the same time, she had a thought. <em>What unfortunate children. If only they hadn’t been born as devilfolk, they wouldn’t have to suffer so. At any rate, it looks like this match is settled.</em></p>

      <p>Pollux raised both her hands, signaling her surrender. “Okay, I surrender. As you already expect, I only have the combat ability of any normal adventurer. Stop attacking, argonautai, and heal him.”</p>

      <p><em>So he won thanks to his persistent tactics, </em>Pollux thought, feeling weirdly happy. <em>With strong people like him around, maybe the devilfolk aren’t as hopeless as I thought.</em></p>

      <p>With that, Pollux’s view of the future grew a little brighter.</p>

      <h1>2</h1>

      <p>In the Fairy Princess’s estate, located deep in Alfheim, Terra, Luna, and Pollux sat opposite each other at a table now that the fight was over. Pollux had her fairy servants serve some tea, before turning to the two of them with a serious expression.</p>

      <p>“Now then... I believe learning the method of making an avatar was your goal? Or should I say, you want a body that is not that of a devilfolk in order to escape your fate?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, exactly. At the moment, we basically do not have our own will, whether we fight Lufas Maphaahl or take another route.”</p>

      <p>The devilfolk were bound by fate. Neither Terra nor Luna knew much about it, and Venus, who probably did, was no longer around. Well, even if she were around, she probably wouldn’t have said anything about it. The other person who might have known was Terra’s father, the Devil King, but Terra no longer trusted him.</p>

      <p>That was because, if what Terra suspected was correct, the Devil King wasn’t a devilfolk. In fact, he was a holy existence—the complete opposite. Basically, the Devil King was nothing more than another actor that the Goddess had prepared to liven up the stage, and the devilfolk were puppets made to be his pawns.</p>

      <p>To Terra, this wasn’t a leap of the imagination. Aigokeros had used the words “fakes created to imitate demons” and “pets of divinity.” Then there was the fact that the devilfolk died if they didn’t kill humans, and when they themselves died, they broke down into mana. Venus had also used the word “puppets,” and that meant something as well. All of that together meant it was harder to turn away from the truth, and that truth was that the devilfolk were all just a magic spell of the Goddess, forced to take on the role of opposing humanity.</p>

      <p>Just why had the Goddess done that, and what had she been thinking? Terra had no clue, but the one thing he could say for sure was that the Goddess had no intention of allowing the devilfolk to win. The Goddess had always extended a saving hand to humanity at each point they befell great danger. Sometimes, she would give power to the one hailed as a hero, causing a miraculous change of fortune, but to anyone who knew the truth, the whole thing probably looked idiotic and laughable.</p>

      <p>The Goddess was undeniably the one who had birthed the devilfolk and used them to torture humanity, and she used the danger she herself put humanity in to paint herself as a goddess of unconditional love. The Goddess controlled both sides; she was literally starring in her own play. The devilfolk were nothing but puppets forced to act according to her poorly made scenario.</p>

      <p><em>So you... You realized that, did you? And you begged your father to save Luna... </em>Pollux thought.</p>

      <p>In the back of his mind, Terra thought of a man who had been his friend. <em>He... Mercurius surely arrived at the truth faster than anyone else, and in thinking that the only one who could change things was the Devil King, he pushed himself too far. He acted too hastily, and as a result, he headed to Draupnir, almost as if he’d been led there... He was dealt the final blow there after clashing with the hero’s party and the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars.</em></p>

      <p><em>No, he probably was actually led around...by Venus.</em></p>

      <p>Other than Mercurius, there had also been Jupiter and Mars. With the way things were now, Terra could tell that Venus had constructed a road to the star of death, Lufas, and led them there. Having realized that truth as well as the wish of his friend, Terra could no longer sit by and do nothing. The leader of the devilfolk was no longer their ally. In fact, he never had been their ally. As things stood, there was no way for Luna to survive. Now that Lufas Maphaahl was back, the devilfolk would eventually be eradicated. Luna needed to become something other than a devilfolk in order to be saved.</p>

      <p>However, Luna had started to realize the fate of all devilfolk as well, and she was hoping to at least save Terra, though he himself hadn’t realized that. In the end, they were rather similar.</p>

      <p>“I’ll start from the conclusion. The method of creating avatars which the two of you so want... I cannot teach it to you.”</p>

      <p>Terra only stared at Pollux, shocked.</p>

      <p>“Rather, I don’t know it. It’s true that I can use divine power to create avatars and have the souls of the dead possess them so they are artificially resurrected, but I’ve never heard of devilfolk, who are beings made of magic, being able to change into fairies. It’s completely unprecedented. We are heaven-arts, and you are magic. As you two know, heaven-arts and magic oppose each other. To be honest, it’s never even been tried.”</p>

      <p>Because divine power opposed magic, it tended to reflect or bounce away magic power. For example, a shield created by heaven-arts used this property. It could also be used to boost the power of anything that was not powered by or made of magic. The principles behind this were either healing or strengthening skills, but basically, while magic was a power that created something that didn’t exist, heaven-arts was a power that strengthened something that already existed. The vectors of these powers were completely different in the first place.</p>

      <p>“I could have the two of you die so you could be resurrected through me, but...” Pollux hesitated. “I don’t even know if that’s possible.”</p>

      <p>“May I ask you why?”</p>

      <p>“It’s cruel, but...” she trailed off. “There is a real possibility that you two don’t have souls in the first place.”</p>

      <p>After hearing the words that came out of Pollux’s mouth, Luna’s shoulders shook.</p>

      <p>“Since we fairies are originally plants, we have something that could be considered souls with our main bodies. Rather, we cut off a part of our soul to inhabit our avatar. When it comes to you devilfolk though...”</p>

      <p>Terra paused before finishing her thought. “We were made from nothing, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. For example, spells like Fireball or Aqua Blast don’t have souls, right? You have egos and self-awareness, so you may have souls. But you also may not, and if you don’t... Well, I can’t summon something that doesn’t exist, no matter how much I want to. Heaven-arts is a power that ‘affects what already exists.’” Pollux paused for a moment, considering the possibilities. “My Argonautai simply takes souls which already exist and strengthens them, giving them physical form... It cannot make something appear from nothing.”</p>

      <p>Having heard Pollux’s explanation, Terra bit his lips. He had come fully prepared to accept the truth, and he’d sworn to his dead friend to save Luna no matter what the truth was. <em>But... But like this, I can’t see any hope...</em></p>

      <p>It didn’t matter how willing Terra was to save Luna. He couldn’t find a path towards that goal.</p>

      <p>“But,” Pollux continued, “it’s never been tried, so that doesn’t mean it’s definitely impossible.”</p>

      <p>Terra gasped. “Th-That means...!”</p>

      <p>“I’m talking about reincarnating a devilfolk as a fairy. Sounds interesting, doesn’t it? I can’t promise you anything, but I’ll look into it on my end as well.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you!”</p>

      <p>Pollux smiled gently, and Terra couldn’t stop himself from standing up and gripping her hand. Behind him, Luna seemed none too pleased, but as one might have expected, it went unnoticed.</p>

      <p><em>The Fairy Princess will help... There’s nothing more reassuring right now.</em></p>

      <p>Of course, she was a member of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, so if they were to ever make an enemy of Lufas Maphaahl, their helper would turn into an enemy in the blink of an eye. Right now, however, Terra was purely happy about her kindness.</p>

      <p>“Uhhh, okay. First, could you let go of my hand? Your cute girlfriend over there is getting jealous,” Pollux said, teasing him.</p>

      <p>Luna hurriedly averted her face. Terra also rushed to make excuses, but he was inexperienced in such things. He could only repeat a series of “Uhhh,” “Ummm,” and “That’s not it.”</p>

      <p>Seeing this, Pollux burst out into a fit of giggles. <em>These two really aren’t bad people, are they? </em>Pollux liked them enough to think, <em>My lord is rather merciless towards devilfolk, but maybe I can convince her to let just these two go.</em></p>

      <p><em>No, wait. If everything’s going as planned, then she should be more peaceful than ever before. I don’t know how much she’s “come back,” but maybe she still has some of that kindness left. At any rate, I don’t know of any way to save these two right now. Which means... There’s no choice but to risk diving into the memories of my “true body.”</em></p>

      <p>Even if Pollux didn’t know, her true body might. However, her thoughts were wiped away in the next instant due to a sudden and intense feeling of pressure, causing her to gasp. <em>Something’s trying to get inside me! Something immensely powerful that I can’t resist is attempting to control me!</em></p>

      <p>Pollux knew who it was, and she’d expected that this would happen eventually. <em>But... To think that it would happen now of all times!</em></p>

      <p>“Fairy Princess?!”</p>

      <p>Pollux struggled for a moment, then stuttered, “R-Run...! Take her and...go...now! Leave Alfheim...!”</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>“Hurry! Before I... Before the Goddess fully takes control! If I stop being myself, I won’t take it easy on you next time!”</p>

      <p>“Sorry!”</p>

      <p>Seeing Pollux look so desperate, Terra immediately understood that things were serious. Though he hesitated for a moment, he still grabbed Luna’s hand and left in short order.</p>

      <p>In truth, he didn’t want to leave Pollux there, and he felt ashamed of his deplorable actions, but if he had to fight Pollux while she wasn’t holding back, he wouldn’t be able to protect Luna. As soon as he’d realized that, Terra retreated as fast as he could.</p>

      <p>While watching Terra’s back grow smaller and smaller, Pollux’s mouth twisted cynically.</p>

      <p>“To move me...who carries part of this world’s balance on her shoulders... Looks like the Goddess is pretty cornered. That’s probably proof that things are going just as Miss Lufas planned... But I honestly don’t know if I should be happy about that. Still, all this has already been predicted... It’s all going according to plan.” She paused. “The timing is just awful though.”</p>

      <p>Pollux laughed as she felt her soul forcibly being nudged towards sleep. <em>If the Goddess really wants to use this body, then... Fine. I’ll let her. But in exchange, her field of view will narrow.</em></p>

      <p>It wasn’t widely known, but the Goddess was not all-seeing. In fact, it was the opposite. Her point of view was so wide it limited her. For example, imagine a model of the whole of Mizgarz, populated by little models of all the towns and with people in them moving as they were in real life. Could you see everything everybody was doing? No, it would be impossible. Everything would be too small, and your point of view would be too zoomed out.</p>

      <p>That was the relationship the Goddess had with Mizgarz. The way she normally saw the world was like someone looking through a magnifying glass or microscope. That was why she couldn’t see everything at once. It was also why she made puppets, or avatars, to be her arms and legs and to take action in her place. Since the scale of existence was too different, the Goddess was unable to grasp the goings-on at such a small scale, and it actually proved to be a point of difficulty.</p>

      <p>The Goddess had ways of fixing that though. She could possess (or log in) to her own avatar or puppets and see the world through their eyes. Pollux was not the Goddess’s avatar, but she was something close to it. Or rather, her true body was close to it.</p>

      <p>Pollux was already independent of her true body, as a fairy with her own personality, but it was possible for the Goddess to force her way in. Of course, Pollux could hold on for a little while if she were to try to resist, but she decided not to do that. Even if she resisted, it wouldn’t change the final result, and there was merit to giving in quickly.</p>

      <p>If she were to allow the Goddess to “log in,” the Goddess’s point of view would be narrowed to that of a normal person. In other words, while Pollux was being controlled, her master’s actions would become a mystery to the Goddess. This was kind of a double-edged sword for the Goddess. In exchange for gaining the power of Pollux, Lufas would temporarily be allowed to move freely.</p>

      <p>“The rest is up to Miss Lufas... There’s no way I’ll die, but I might have to be prepared to be down an arm or something next time I wake up...”</p>

      <p><em>I’ll hand you my body, but not my memories. </em>Pollux willed her memories sealed in her soul, making it so the Goddess wouldn’t be able to peek at a single one of them.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no way to tell how much of what I know is even true though. Like how I was ordered to give Castor the Key to Reach the Heavens. Was that the real thing? Because if it was...the Devil King could have saved Terra and Luna long ago...</em></p>

      <p>“Grk?! Ah-AAAAGGGGHHH!”</p>

      <p>Pollux’s thoughts were stopped there. Her consciousness was quickly wiped away, and she could feel the horrible sensation of becoming something other than herself.</p>

      <p><em>Miss Lufas... Bro...ther...</em></p>

      <p>Then, Pollux turned into light and disappeared.</p>

      <h1>3</h1>

      <p>“Master, was it really all right to leave Leon like that?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Just let him cool off for a while.”</p>

      <p>I’d rendered Leon harmless by binding him with magic chains, so we just left him like that there in the charred remains of what had once been the demihumans’ settlement. Photon Chain’s effect rendered a single target incapable of moving for a certain period of time, thus raising the chances of hitting that target to one hundred percent for that duration. However, it seemed like the chains here were different from the game, in that they would last indefinitely until I either dispelled them or the target managed to free itself. Not to mention the fact that most boss-class enemies in the game were immune to the spell anyway.</p>

      <p>Still, Leon should be able to free himself after recovering for a while, so leaving him there would be fine.</p>

      <p>At the moment, we were traveling together, Tanaka and Suzuki running parallel. Our next destination was Alfheim. There was no choice but to leave Leon alone for now. Forcing Leon to return to the fold immediately would just cause trouble, but it was still a waste to kill a possible source of military strength.</p>

      <p>I could have used force to make him submit, but doing so would have lowered his level from 1000 to 800, getting rid of the boss monster status he’d just gotten back. Of course, his incredible 1,500,000 HP stat would also drop dramatically. <em>If I remember correctly, Leon’s HP in the game after capturing him was...250,000?</em> It was surprisingly high for a tamed level 800 monster, but in the end, it was still clearly inferior to boss stats.</p>

      <p>It was only natural in terms of game balance, but it still didn’t feel good. In some senses, though, this was standard for an RPG. It happened a lot where an enemy had HP in the tens or hundreds of thousands, but as soon as they became an ally, they had only a few thousand HP and paper-thin defenses.</p>

      <p>Anyway, I thought it’d be a huge waste to kill Leon. I really couldn’t justify killing Leon and throwing away potential firepower, especially since we were about to start a fight with the goddess. That was why I had decided to follow my feelings of hesitation and resistance, leaving him as a level 1000 boss to try to get him to do what I wanted while keeping his stats. I’d only talked to him a little, but he seemed to be a simple man, and if I were to treat him properly, I felt like I’d be able to get him to fight with us in the confrontation with the Devil King.</p>

      <p>“So then, what’s the plan now?”</p>

      <p>“First, we head to Alfheim as planned. We’re meeting up with Pollux. By the way, there’s also the possibility of going to Helheim...”</p>

      <p>The plan was to head to Alfheim next and meet up with the Fairy Princess, Pollux, the other half of Gemini of the Twelve Heavenly Stars who was sealing the Ouroboros of Wood.</p>

      <p>Though on that front, another ouroboros was being sealed in Muspelheim, which was completely outside the human sphere of influence and would require stepping foot into devilfolk territory. We would have to go there eventually, but I wanted to wait to do so until we’d gathered up more power. No matter how weak the devilfolk were compared to us, it’d still be too much trouble if they tried to throw tens or hundreds of thousands of bodies at us.</p>

      <p>Taurus had appeared near here, and he was supposed to have been in Helheim, so the entrance was probably somewhere nearby. Though, there probably wouldn’t be any point in going now. First, since he had the role of sealing an ouroboros, he probably wouldn’t move, even if we asked, unless we had prepared some sort of replacement. However, there was no one among us who could serve that role at the moment. The people who were knowledgeable about seals and sealing were Aigokeros, Dina, and Sagittarius. Aigokeros couldn’t be trusted to not just wake the thing up, though, and I had no idea what Dina would do. We’d just regrouped with Sagittarius too, so exchanging him for Taurus so quickly didn’t feel proper. That was why recovering Pollux, who could summon a heroic spirit to take Taurus’s place, came first.</p>

      <p>Not to mention Taurus’s last words: “Come see me after everything is over.” That probably implied, “don’t come right now,” and if I were to pop up cheekily, he might decide that I wasn’t the real Lufas after all and come swinging.</p>

      <p>But more than all of that, Dina was really, <em>really</em> against it.</p>

      <p>“No, never! I’m not going! Let’s just leave that thing there! We can just make him a character with no screen time until everything’s over and the ending credits are rolling!”</p>

      <p>I had a feeling that if I tried to force us to go to Helheim, she’d just run away using Exgate and never come back, so it was probably best to leave him for later. Not to mention the fact that we had the hero’s party with us, and I’d feel too sorry for them if we were to drag them to Hel with us all of a sudden. Rather, at their level, they’d be killed by even the most basic of mook demons that appeared there.</p>

      <p>This was just game knowledge, but the demons that appeared in Helheim were level 200 at minimum. It was a high-difficulty dungeon that fundamentally did not allow for beginners. There were several weirdos who played with restrictions and charged into the dungeon with levels only in the double digits anyway, but I didn’t want to force these people to try that.</p>

      <p>They and the kid, Sei, had all come with us this far against the demihumans, but they weren’t truly part of the party. The proper thing to do was to first see them to a nearby town or something.</p>

      <p>I paused, thinking.<em> Pollux, huh?</em></p>

      <p>In the game, she always came with Castor, and they were named “Fairy Siblings,” so I didn’t actually know how she was in battle by herself. Well, there was no data on her in the first place, just Castor. In the game, Pollux only floated around nearby, and even if you attacked her, she didn’t take any damage. She did have a hitbox, though, so it was possible to attack her. It was just that, if you hit her, Castor was the one to take damage for some reason. Though she would occasionally use heaven-arts to support Castor, she was kind of like an option or bit you saw in shmups.</p>

      <p>I suppose the truly scary thing about her was her summoning ability. Surprisingly, <em>Exgate Online</em> differed from other MMOs in that there wasn’t any sort of summoning class or ability system. It wasn’t possible to summon phantasmal or magical beasts from nothing. The devs had probably decided it wasn’t needed because it would overlap with the Monster Tamer and Alchemist classes.</p>

      <p>However, Pollux was the only individual able to summon. From the start of battle, she would continue to refill the enemy’s ranks in the form of summoning more fighters at regular intervals. Well, to be blunt, she was basically just like those enemies you see so often in games that go “XX called in friends!” But in the games, it simply said the fighters were summoned. Apparently she was summoning the spirits of dead heroes, or einherjars.</p>

      <p>Of course, that ability somehow got worse once she was a friendly; it changed from a skill to increase the number of allies to summoning an armored man for a moment to attack. It had been a huge letdown to my friends and me at the time, and it was worse now because the summoned spirits always dutifully left after attacking.</p>

      <p><em>Like, why?</em> When she was an enemy, they stayed indefinitely!</p>

      <p>Anyway, Castor, who was considered the main body, was already with us... Pollux, who was like an add-on, was on her own. <em>I wonder if that’s really okay? Honestly, she seems mega weak...</em></p>

      <p>“Dina, are there any suitable villages or towns on the way to Alfheim? We’d like to drop the hero’s party off there.”</p>

      <p>“Then how about the martial city of Laegjarn, Miss Lufas? The population is large, and they shouldn’t have trouble returning to their journey from there using wyvern carriages.”</p>

      <p>“What kind of place is it?”</p>

      <p>“Laevateinn is split into four territories named the territories of the sword, spear, shield, and bow. Laegjarn is considered to be the center of the territory of the spear. One of the heroes who betrayed you along with Alioth became its first lord, Miss Lufas, and it’s been passed down to his descendants ever since. If memory serves, the lordship of the spear currently belongs to the Spess noble family.”</p>

      <p>“If it is your order, master, I can use Brachium to clean up that filth. Should I?”</p>

      <p>“You needn’t do that. Are you seriously suggesting I drop off the hero’s party in the middle of a scorched field?” I reprimanded Libra, who had butted in while Dina was talking, before heaving a sigh.</p>

      <p><em>Why does she always go straight to decimating the other party? She should be the highest level of AI at 5, but these tendencies make me want to cry. </em></p>

      <p><em>Still, a territory of Laevateinn, huh...? So we returned at some point.</em></p>

      <p>The amount of livable land for humans was small, so it might have been only natural, but it seemed that we’d made a circle around the entire area. I had left Laevateinn, then had gone to Svel, and then my grave before I had arrived in Gjallarhorn. From there, we had stopped by Vanaheim, then Blutgang. After that, there had been Draupnir, then Tyrving, though I’d stopped by Mjolnir before that. And now, we were heading back to Laevateinn, which meant that I’d seen pretty much all of humanity’s territory.</p>

      <p>In my opinion, this had happened really fast, but in terms of size, it was just like we’d taken a tour around Japan in a car. Of course it’d be quick.</p>

      <p>“So, what kind of place is it?”</p>

      <p>“Right. First, it is well stocked with facilities and services of all kinds, and the places that stock equipment for warriors and knights are of exceptionally high quality.”</p>

      <p>Libra and Scorpius both responded to Dina’s statement with scathing criticism.</p>

      <p>“Did you mean: low quality?”</p>

      <p>“You meant to say trash, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p><em>Well, that’s probably true at our level, but I’m willing to bet it’s the limit of what this era is able to achieve. Also, I’m not sure you two should be judging the products before even seeing them. Isn’t there an off chance that they’re actually quite good?</em></p>

      <p>“Also, they hold a martial arts tournament once a year, which serves as a way to advertise a person’s skills. It’s a perfect place for a protagonist in the fantasy genre to test their skills. Would you like to try?”</p>

      <p>“You want us to kill the other participants?”</p>

      <p>To repeat myself for the umpteenth time, the average level of this era had lowered significantly.<em> Given how the Sword Saint, who’s said to be the world’s strongest, is at the level he is, even surpassing level 100 must be pretty rare.</em> In our current state, we were like people from an RPG where the maximum level was 1000 who had forced their way into a fantasy world where the maximum level was 99. The stages we stood on were just fundamentally different. Even if I didn’t want to kill them, I could blow off their heads with only an unrestrained forehead flick. That was how large the gap in power was.</p>

      <p>Of course, if I were to fight, I would use the Blunted-Sword Strike skill. However, if I accidentally forgot to use it even once, then things would end in murder, and I didn’t want to do that. <em>Oh, and this reaction’s a little late, but...</em> <em>Huh, so the Sword Saint’s a tiger. Yeah, uh...</em> I had seen him already back in Draupnir, but... Look, I dunno why, but he ran away in terror every time he saw me, so I couldn’t tell he was a Sword Saint at all. I only thought that he was a really huge, cowardly cat. <em>Sorry, Sword Saint.</em></p>

      <p><em>At any rate...</em></p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Sagittarius? You’ve been rather quiet.”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius was silent a moment longer, then eventually said, “No, it’s nothing. I just don’t believe I’m qualified to take part in this conversation...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about the past so much. That part’s already over,” I said.</p>

      <p>I moved towards Sagittarius, who was currently making himself as small as he could in the corner. He hadn’t even turned into his human form, instead sitting down in his large centaur form. <em>It looks really cramped.</em></p>

      <p>“If you still can’t forgive yourself, simply contribute enough in future battles to make up for it. We expect much from your skills with the bow. Understood?”</p>

      <p><em>Seriously. </em>Libra could also snipe things from afar, but having two people capable of sniping wasn’t a bad thing. Not to mention the fact that his range was even larger than Libra’s, and he was one hundred percent accurate. He could even use his skills as a jank teleport ability, so depending on how it was used, he could be incredibly useful. More than anything, Sagittarius had common sense. That alone was enough to make him endlessly valuable.</p>

      <p>“Lady Lufas...”</p>

      <p>“Now then, how long do you intend to stay all cramped like that? You can take human form, can’t you?”</p>

      <p>In Sagittarius’s case, only his bottom half changed since his upper half was already human, but it still should have been better than dealing with his horse bottom half the entire time.</p>

      <p>As soon as I said that, he showed me a small smile before nodding.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Lady Lufas. Just wait a—”</p>

      <p>Karkinos seemed to have noticed something and hurried to stop Sagittarius, but I didn’t understand why.</p>

      <p>In front of my eyes, Sagittarius’s horse half gave off light before he eventually settled into human form. Karkinos, acting fast, covered Virgo’s eyes and made her face the other way. <em>Just what’s he so... </em>I thought, but the next instant, I understood.<em> </em>After all, I was face-to-face with the lower half of a naked, flashing pervert.</p>

      <p>I could only stare in shocked silence.</p>

      <p>“Oh... I tried to stop you...”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius’s symbol of manhood hung freely between his legs. Luckily, Dina reacted quickly and cast water magic, so it appeared to be mosaicked under a veil of mist and I couldn’t see it directly, but it was still awful. And it was huge. The worst part was that Sagittarius himself didn’t seem to mind at all; he was being quite bold about it. He showed absolutely no intention of hiding it whatsoever.</p>

      <p>“Transformation...complete.”</p>

      <p>For some reason, Sagittarius looked really smug as Scorpius’s fist buried itself into his face.</p>

      <p>“Gwoarggh?! What’re you doing?!”</p>

      <p>“Are you an idiot?! How dare you flaunt that filthy thing in front of Lady Lufas! Put something on right now, or I’ll cut it off!!!”</p>

      <p>“What? But I’m always like this.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t treat your horse and human forms the same!”</p>

      <p>As one might’ve expected, I was in shock due to the overwhelming situation, but Sagittarius’s explanation was strangely understandable. <em>I see... So that’s how it is. </em>As soon as he mentioned it, I realized, <em>He’s right. He really does go full Pooh Bear usually! </em>Even as a centaur, his horse half was unadorned, even though he wore a robe on his upper half.</p>

      <p>Now that I thought about it, Aries had also been naked the first time he’d taken human form, though Dina had quickly covered him up. In comparison, Aigokeros, Scorpius, Karkinos, and Leon were all pretty on top of their appearances. They had prepared their own clothing beforehand, after all. Still, Sagittarius had always been half-human, so he seemed to have a half-assed conception of “clothe the upper part but not the lower part.”</p>

      <p>“No need to worry. It doesn’t bother me,” Sagittarius said without expression.</p>

      <p>That didn’t stop Scorpius from angrily kicking him in the crotch though.</p>

      <p>“It bothers us, you incorrigible idiot!”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius groaned in pain and surprise, balled up while cradling his man-parts, and Scorpius looked down on him like he was a filthy lump.</p>

      <p><em>Uh, yeah... Uhhh... Please don’t do that. It hurts. A lot.</em></p>

      <p>Still, I never would have pegged Sagittarius as a half-nudist. Even though I thought another well-adjusted person had finally joined, he turned out to be another weirdo. <em>Just what is wrong with the Twelve Stars?</em></p>

      <p><em>Anyway, I should just transmute some pants and underwear for now.</em></p>

      <h1>4</h1>

      <p>A day had passed since leaving the demihuman village. We’d arrived at the martial city of Laegjarn, a pit stop on the way to our objective, Alfheim.</p>

      <p>“Oh ho...”</p>

      <p>“It’s the picture of an RPG town, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>We looked at Laegjarn in wonder. The scene reflected in my eyes was exactly that of a traditional RPG town. The buildings, which enclosed stone-paved streets, all featured uniform red roofs, windows decorated with flowers, and walls of mainly yellow or white. The city was very well adorned and gorgeous, contrary to the stern and rugged impression the title “martial city” gave off.</p>

      <p>The city wasn’t surrounded by a huge lake, nor was it built into the side of a mountain. It was also neither perpetually night nor actually a giant moving golem. It wasn’t just a collection of tents on a plain either. It was the very picture of a standard fantasy townscape.</p>

      <p>The streets were host to carriages, and many people came and went. The clothes they wore also fit the RPG aesthetic. There were no old dudes in work clothes or suspicious fake angels in cloaks.</p>

      <p>The women wore blouses and skirts with aprons over them, the designs close to the German dirndl. Meanwhile, men wore leather pants with suspenders resembling German lederhosen. They’d probably ended up with that style due to prizing durability and stain-resistance, since they expected to wear those clothes for hard labor. Of course, hard physical labor was much more common than desk work in this world, which was undeveloped and backwards compared to Earth. There were also people who clearly were not civilians though. Mercenaries and adventurers were mixed into the crowd, walking around wearing swords with no one batting an eye.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, this is nice. Totally feels like fantasy.</em></p>

      <p>“Okay then. This should be far enough.”</p>

      <p>“Sure is. Thanks, Lufas,” Gantz replied, cheerful.</p>

      <p>Even after finding out who I was, he’d never changed a bit when interacting with me. He’d never stopped being just a well-mannered guy. On the other hand, the tiger and elf guy always seemed to be on pins and needles whenever I so much as looked at them. I genuinely felt sorry for them.</p>

      <p>The hero’s party generally reacted to me in one of three ways: they were either friendly, scared shitless, or indifferent. Sei, Gantz, and Jean were in the first category. Kross, the tiger, and the cat were in the second. The gorilla was probably indifferent; she didn’t seem particularly friendly or scared.</p>

      <p>I paused, thinking. <em>Ah, wait. That’s not correct.</em> Those three weren’t the only ones scared of me. The fourth entrant into that category, who had just recently joined the hero’s party, got off of Suzuki.</p>

      <p>“Golems are amazing, aren’t they? I never expected to be passing through the border this quickly.”</p>

      <p>The one who came down had his whole body covered in white, loose-fitting clothing with a turban covering their head and a cloth face covering to top it all off. He looked just as suspicious as I did. Of course, all of us knew why things were like this. It was because the late joiner was none other than the spider man who used to be one of the demihuman leaders under Leon.</p>

      <p>I don’t know exactly what happened, but apparently, the kid, Sei, had tried to protect Sargess when Scorpius was going to kill him. That was why he was alive right now. The spider man had felt indebted to the kid, and with his infinitely strong sense of duty, he’d asked to join them. This was probably something only Sei could have pulled off with his charisma.</p>

      <p>I considered him silently. <em>Still though...</em></p>

      <p>“You do not seem like a hero at all.”</p>

      <p>Sei’s shoulders drooped, and he remained quiet for a moment, but that was only natural. “I know.”</p>

      <p><em>I mean, what is up with his party?</em> From mercenaries to rough-and-tumble adventurers to a tiger, a gorilla, a cat, a dog, and even a spider now... <em>How chaotic can you get?</em> The only regular, reasonable people were Kross and the kid, Sei.</p>

      <p>“What will you all be doing now?”</p>

      <p>“We’ll go sightseeing around town a little before resuming the journey to Alfheim.”</p>

      <p>To be honest, the plan had been to get to Alfheim as fast as possible, but I decided to change the schedule. <em>Let’s stroll around for a little while. </em>It was the most RPG-like place I’d seen since coming here, so I felt it was sort of a waste to just leave. I didn’t have any pressing, time-sensitive things to do at the moment, so taking it easy for a day didn’t sound bad, especially since it would give us time to catch up with each other. It might also serve as a good way for Sagittarius to clear away the dark clouds around him.</p>

      <p>“Libra, find the best inn in this town.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>Honestly, we had plenty of money. Dina had been selling the excessive amount of orc meat I’d gotten early on as well as the swords and spears and stuff that I’d just randomly made using alchemy (though apparently they were very strong in this day and age), so we were very well off. We always traveled in Tanaka, so there were no fees for using coach services or anything similar. The money kept piling up.</p>

      <p>“Also, Sei, We have something to give to you,” I said, snapping my fingers.</p>

      <p>When I did so, Aigokeros moved to my side as if he’d been waiting for my signal and handed me a wrapped package. To be honest, it wasn’t anything that warranted such a big show; it was basically something I’d just made offhand during the journey, but it still should have been much better than what normally went on the market.</p>

      <p>I undid the wrapping and revealed a katana. Apparently Scorpius had broken the katana that Sei had been using, so I figured this would be something like compensation. It was made out of Mizar steel as well as a mana crystal that Aries had picked up somewhere. Thus, it had fairly high attack power as well as better-than-nothing magic support capabilities. On top of that, I put a little of my mana into the crystal, so he’d be able to cast small, lower-level Sun element magic without any expenditure. Though it sounds kind of bad, the sword was basically a jack-of-all-trades, master of none. Anyway, it was probably perfect for someone low-level like Sei.</p>

      <p>“It’s compensation for the sword Scorpius broke. Think of it as a parting gift.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? I-Is it really okay to take this? We have enough money to buy a new weapon ourselves...”</p>

      <p>“No need to worry. Our subordinate was the one who broke your sword, so let us take responsibility.”</p>

      <p>I handed the katana to the kid before realizing that I’d never given it a name. <em>A name isn’t really necessary, but one would make it cooler...</em></p>

      <p>“Its name is... Well, it’s a katana, so a Japanese name would be best... Okay, this one’s name is Kouen.”</p>

      <p>The name Kouen represented solar prominences, a phenomenon where the sun’s gases erupt, extending out and often forming a ring. The katana’s abilities didn’t quite match up to its name, but weapon names were best when they were a little overblown. Not to mention that this was a weapon for the hero. It’d be better to have the name be a little flashier in that respect too.</p>

      <p>Sei extended his hand out fearfully and took the katana. Gantz, seeing his timidness, laughed and said, “You made a huge profit, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Good for you, Sei. I don’t know how many millions a Lufas Maphaahl weapon would go for.”</p>

      <p>“Heh! Well it still doesn’t hold a candle to my Lucifer Blade Excellion Ω!”</p>

      <p><em>Lucifer Blade Excellion Ω...?! Wait, isn’t that the weapon with a ridiculously overblown name that I made on a lark?! </em>Surprisingly, its effect was only +150 attack power and nothing else. <em>To think that something like that was actually left in my grave, and Jean actually thinks it’s a strong sword... Sorry, Jean. That thing’s seriously, ridiculously weak.</em></p>

      <p>“A-Anyway. We should be going.”</p>

      <p>I really wanted to leave, so I quickly made to escape. <em>How should I explain this...?</em> It was like seeing a grown man getting excited and making a big deal over a sword keychain in a place that sold souvenirs, and I had been the one who’d made that keychain.</p>

      <p>While listening to the footsteps of my comrades following after me, I considered making something for Jean next.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>As Lufas’s party disappeared into the distance, Sei heaved a sigh. The reason Sei had gone out of his way to see Lufas had been to decide the path he should take as well as understand who she was as a person, which he’d accomplished. Though the demihuman incident had happened during that time and had made everything more complicated, everything had been resolved in a decent manner in the end. All Sei had to do was use Megrez’s golem to send him a letter. However, Sei was still unable to find the answer he wanted within himself.</p>

      <p>Lufas was definitely not a bad person or a danger to the world. For a while, Sei had decided to join forces with her. Her subordinates were different from her though. Things were fine when Lufas was controlling those like Scorpius and Aigokeros, but when she wasn’t around, it was very possible they could turn their fangs on humanity.</p>

      <p>Yes. In the past, what the people had feared wasn’t Lufas herself; it had been the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars that she’d gathered on a whim that they had feared held the potential to turn into demons. That was why Sei had to think, and why he was wavering. He wondered what was truly correct. He asked himself if the path he was choosing to take was a mistake.</p>

      <p><em>If... If it truly does prove to be a mistake in the end... </em>For an instant, the image of Lufas casting Solar Flare came to mind. Sei imagined her turning her power on humanity and destroying all of Mizgarz. Just having too much power was fearsome in itself.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Sei? Your face is pale.”</p>

      <p>“A-Ah, don’t worry. I’m fine.”</p>

      <p>Sei knew the feelings of those past people painfully well. That thought had certainly been scary. Too scary.</p>

      <p>When Sei had first come to this world and heard about the Devil King and Lufas, he’d simply taken it as a common fantasy setup. He’d mistakenly imagined their strength to simply be on par with an RPG’s final boss, purely due to his own misconceptions.</p>

      <p>But he’d been wrong. Lufas wasn’t on such a lukewarm setting. If she felt like it, she could destroy the entire world at any time. She had far too much power for any one person, and she even led an organization named the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars. On the off chance Sei’s evaluation of Lufas was wrong, then in the worst case, this world could come to an end. That was scarier than anything else to Sei.</p>

      <p>“Sh-Shall we just focus on finding an inn for now? A lot’s happened, so I think we should take it easy, at least for today,” Kross suggested.</p>

      <p>“You’re right. Our exhaustion’s piled up. We should rest now instead of pushing ourselves,” said Sei.</p>

      <p>He felt something was out of place though. Their travels so far had been supported by a squad of rangers cooperating with them from the shadows. They had duties like procuring food, gathering information, and securing rooms at inns. Normally, the ranger squad would appear a little after they arrived at a town and inform them of where they were staying, but that hadn’t happened today.</p>

      <p>Sei paused, contemplating the situation. “Um, Kross... Could it be that...” He hesitated. “Everyone in the ranger squad was left behind in Draupnir...?”</p>

      <p>Now that Sei had pointed it out, Kross finally noticed the lack of the ranger squad, and fell silent. His face paled, and he suddenly looked around, trying to find someone from the ranger squad nearby, but of course, there was nobody. After all, Sei and the others had been riding in Suzuki ever since they had met Lufas, which meant they were moving at over sixty kilometers per hour on average. That wasn’t a speed which humans could catch up with on foot.</p>

      <p>Actually, catching up might have been possible for the people of this world if they had had enough levels, but at the very least, the members of the ranger squad weren’t capable of that. Setting aside instantaneous bursts of speed, it was impossible for them to output that much speed over long periods or distances, such as from Draupnir to here. The rangers were skilled, but they weren’t inhuman.</p>

      <p>“A-Anyway, let’s find an inn for now. Maybe they’ll surprise us and catch up if we just wait a little bit,” Kross said with a faraway look.</p>

      <p>He definitely hadn’t said this because he wanted to avoid reality, nor was it because he was experiencing extreme inner turmoil, thinking that he’d messed up big time. Definitely not.</p>

      <p>The party passed through the thriving, busy streets before laying eyes on an inn. From the outside, it didn’t look too bad. It seemed clean, and it faced a large street. Of course, that would raise the price accordingly, but they were the hero’s party, as guaranteed by the king. Naturally, they had money, and given the fact that they’d retrieved an elixir in Draupnir, they were actually almost bursting with coin.</p>

      <p>Rather than being weirdly stingy and going for a cheap inn, it was better for them to go the route of buying safety and going with a more expensive option where they could relax more. An inn’s facilities weren’t the only thing that determined its cost. Safety had its own price as well, which was why cheaper inns were to be avoided. Naturally, people who could only afford cheap inns stayed in places like that, and those people were easily both able and willing to steal other customers’ belongings. In particularly bad ones, the proprietors themselves might even go after their customers’ belongings.</p>

      <p>Sei and the others paid at the counter and took their keys before heading to their respective rooms.</p>

      <p><em>Anyway, I’m really tired. Let’s just rest easy today. </em>With that thought, Sei opened the door to his room. At the same moment, the door to the room next to his opened as well.</p>

      <p>“Hmm?”</p>

      <p>“Ah.”</p>

      <p>And none other than Lufas herself walked out.</p>

      <h1>5</h1>

      <p><em>Why did it turn out like this? </em>Sei thought. He heaved a sigh steeped in melancholy as he walked down the large main street.</p>

      <p>Sei didn’t know what kind of forces of coincidence were at work here, but the inn they’d decided to stay at was not only the same one the Great Conqueror and her associates were at, they’d ended up next door as well. Not only that, but Lufas and her entourage had roped Gantz and Jean into a round of cards, and they were even now enjoying a game of Seven Bridge. It was all a huge joke.</p>

      <p><em>It’s another world, so why cards? Why Seven Bridge in particular? Where did she even learn the rules? No, well, there’s always been a nonzero possibility that cards existed in this world anyway. But when I checked with Kross, cards didn’t exist in this world. At the very least, not while Kross has been alive...</em></p>

      <p><em>Mizgarz is warped in some way. Everywhere I turn, I see visions of Earth like a fabricated fantasy. It all feels like the aftermath or remains of a fairy tale. So there’s only one answer. It’s clear now. Lufas knows about Earth. Not only that, it’s not some hazy knowledge like “There’s a world by that name” or anything. Given that she even knows about Earth games and pastimes, it wouldn’t be going too far to say that she’s been there herself. Only, she was born and raised in Mizgarz, and she should have been sealed these past two hundred years. Could it be that she was actually on Earth while she was sealed or something? </em>Sei considered the possibility, his thoughts stalling. <em>No, that’s idiotic. As if that would be possible.</em></p>

      <p>“Aggghh... The more I think about it, the more confused I get...” Sei scratched his head, ruffling his hair before deciding to just stop thinking.</p>

      <p>From there, he saw the building he was looking for and made for it. His purpose for leaving the inn and walking about by himself like this was twofold: for a change of pace and to get used to his new katana.</p>

      <p>He’d heard from Kross that this town had something called a training arena. Apparently it was a place that provided an area to train in for a fee, and it was possible to have a mock battle against a golem created by an alchemist. For those who made their livelihoods through battle, this seemed to be a very valuable facility.</p>

      <p><em>I see. It’s definitely true that in this world, where fighting happens daily, places like this would be in high demand. In fact, for adventurers who only fell into the job out of necessity and have no experience, places like this would probably actually be necessary, since they’re basically amateurs.</em></p>

      <p>On top of everything else, the place had a manual for customers to peruse, though they weren’t allowed to take it outside the building. It apparently allowed people to learn and practice all sorts of martial skills by themselves. To Sei, this was a great boon. After all, his chosen weapon was a katana and not a standard sword, which meant that none of his friends knew how to handle the thing and thus couldn’t teach him.</p>

      <p>Gantz knew how to use many different weapons due to his occupation as a mercenary, but he was most proficient with axes, then large swords, and lastly, blunt weapons. In other words, he was best at using brute force to overpower things. “Katanas are a little too sensitive and need too much care to use,” he’d said. “They’re not for me.”</p>

      <p>The female knight’s specialty lay in large swords, and Jean favored longswords. The tiger also used large swords. Petto used thin swords like rapiers, so he was the closest to Sei in the group, but even then, thin swords were completely different from katanas.</p>

      <p>And so, Sei had been left with no one to teach him how to use his weapon, and had been forced to struggle this far without ever learning how to use it properly. That was exactly why he wanted to make use of this rare chance to proactively learn how to use it.</p>

      <p>As Sei approached the training facility, he stopped, having caught something. He’d heard some voices that sounded like they were arguing in a nearby alleyway.</p>

      <p>Laegjarn was a fairly safe town with decent public order, but even then, Kross had warned Sei not to wander into back alleys. Places that didn’t directly open to the large main streets turned into hangouts for vagrants, and it was unknown how dangerous the people there were. Therefore, if it had just been the sounds of a simple argument, then Sei probably would have pretended not to have heard anything and proceeded into the training area.</p>

      <p>Sei didn’t like saying it out loud, but he felt that any punks and similar people got what they deserved when they fought each other, no matter how hurt they got. However, one of the voices Sei heard sounded like that of a little girl’s, and it sounded scared, so... <em>I can’t just pretend I didn’t hear that.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“He he he! Now you can’t run anymore!”</p>

      <p>“Now, just give up and come wit’ us!”</p>

      <p>Third-rate thugs spouted lines so common that they could be heard in pretty much any back alley of the world. They definitely looked the part too. They were men whose appearance screamed “I’m a thug and a punk!” more than anybody Sei had encountered up until now. They had on disgusting, filth-covered clothes and similarly nasty grins. There were knives in their hands, and all five of them surrounded one girl.</p>

      <p><em>If I were to categorize that species, I suppose it’d be Primate order, Hominidae family, Thug genus.</em></p>

      <p>People like this weren’t exactly rare. They could usually be found in any back alley in a large-enough city. Mysteriously enough, they all spoke similarly and had equally poor vocabularies, so Sei couldn’t help but actually voice his thoughts out loud. “Maybe they’re actually just that type of monster or something?”</p>

      <p>Lufas would have said that they were humanoid mob monsters all using the same sprite.</p>

      <p>“You don’t hafta be so scared. We’re super nice. We swear!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah! We’re total gentlemen!”</p>

      <p>“Though that really just means pervert.”</p>

      <p>The men surrounded the girl, cutting off any avenue of escape as they emphasized their words with the knives in their hands.</p>

      <p><em>In what way are any of you gentlemen? Even orcs are more gentlemanly than you.</em></p>

      <p>The cornered girl looked very tense, but she still firmly gripped her well-used staff. She was facing off against five people, but none of them were that strong on their own. Though having allowed them to get so close had already put her at a disadvantage, the girl judged that her level was higher than theirs at least. In fact, the level difference was large. In comparison to the thugs, whose average level was around 10, the girl’s level was over 50. The gap was big enough that the girl should never lose if she didn’t happen to be a mage with almost no close combat ability. Well, if she’d at least had a sword, she might still have been able to deal with them.</p>

      <p>She was a mage, but she’d learned swordsmanship from her father, who was a mercenary. Of course, she was a far cry from an actual swordsman, but even so, she would have been able to defeat these thugs in a fight if she had a proper weapon. Right now, though, the only weapon she had was a staff for self-defense which was easy to walk around with. If she had been going outside of town, then she’d have prepared a full set of equipment, but at the moment, she only had the rather unreliable staff in her hands.</p>

      <p><em>Start with one person first... Use Fireball and turn them into a burning mass. Then, if I manage to put some distance between us while they’re confused... As long as I have some space, there’s no way I’ll lose.</em></p>

      <p>The girl had never seen a real battle. She’d simply spent her days in Svel reading books and learning magic. On top of that, she’d recently had all her self-confidence pulverized until there had been nothing left. Even so, she told herself that she wasn’t weak enough to lose to people like this.</p>

      <p>However, the moment she tried to use magic her staff suddenly disappeared. Shocked, she stared at her now-empty hands.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, that was dangerous. You shouldn’t be doing something so violent.”</p>

      <p>Her staff was now in the hands of a man who stood behind the group of thugs.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell did he do? Extreme speed? Manipulation of objects? I don’t know!</em> The girl didn’t understand what had just happened.</p>

      <p>The staff thief was clearly different from the others, who were just thugs. He was a slender man with wavy brown hair and blue eyes wearing fine clothes. His face was beautiful, and at first glance he seemed to be a noble. But the vulgar desires that could be seen in his eyes couldn’t be hidden, and the girl felt a sense of discomfort looking at them.</p>

      <p>“Please don’t make too much trouble for me. You plebeians are forcing me to use my precious time and effort... Do you know just how heavy a crime that is? I’d appreciate it if tools acted like tools should and stayed quiet and obedient.”</p>

      <p>“The hell are you...”</p>

      <p>The girl’s expression turned angry upon hearing this incredibly rude, selfish statement, but the slender man didn’t seem to care. He was overflowing with confidence, as if he knew he would never lose in a fight, and he wore a smile that said he looked down on everyone else.</p>

      <p>That was when another voice interrupted, and the man’s expression finally showed a hint of displeasure.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you guys! The hell are you doing?!”</p>

      <p>Sei, who’d heard the voices and came running, commanded everyone’s attention. When they realized what they were seeing, however, the five thugs laughed uproariously like they’d just seen an idiot. <em>Oh, it was just some brat thinkin’ he’s some kinda arbiter of justice or somethin’</em>, they thought. With their weapons in hand, they unguardedly approached Sei, flashing their knives.</p>

      <p>“What’s up, bro? You playin’ at bein’ some kinda lawman?”</p>

      <p>One of them whistled. “You’re so cool!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t get shit twisted. We’re not villains. We’re gentlemen.”</p>

      <p>“Though that’s just another word for pervert.”</p>

      <p>Seeing Sei’s unreliable-looking frame, the thugs had completely underestimated him. However, Sei wasn’t cowed. He glared straight at the group of men.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know exactly what’s going on here, but don’t you think it’s embarrassing to be grown men and still feel the need to surround a single girl like that?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? The fuck? This kid’s gettin’ too big fer his britches.”</p>

      <p>“I’m done with this. Let’s just kill ’im.”</p>

      <p>The thugs all reached for Sei, but he calmly dodged and instead grabbed one of the thugs’ arms and threw him.</p>

      <p>“You bastard!”</p>

      <p>“Asshole. How dare you do that to Pielar!”</p>

      <p>They must have never expected such a boy to attack them, but the remaining four thugs still attacked him at once. Now that Sei had gotten through that battle at the demihumans’ village, a fight like this was nothing, and the thugs seemed far too slow.</p>

      <p>Without even a change in expression, Sei used knife-hand strikes and elbow strikes to knock the thugs out. In the blink of an eye, all five of them were on the ground.</p>

      <p>The thin man in the back started to clap. “Oh ho. You’re good. You really can’t judge a book by its cover,” he said, before proceeding to step on the face of one of the fallen thugs. “On the other hand... You are all so useless. I suppose trash is just trash at the end of the day. You keep—” He stomped. “Making me—” He stomped again. “Expend effort.” And he kept stomping. He stomped on the thug’s face many times over, without stopping even when their teeth caved in and when they started bleeding. “Such useless...tools!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, what do you think you’re doing?! They’re your comrades, aren’t they?!”</p>

      <p>“Comrades? Don’t joke. These’re just tools. Even you throw away tools you can’t use, right? This is the same thing.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>