<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_4">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Luna seemed shocked.</p>

      <p>Given who they were, the two devilfolk were my enemies, so I had no reason to save them, but... Well, they seemed somehow different from the devilfolk I’d met up till now. <em>It’s too early to erase them, I think. It should be fine to listen to them and decide whether to kill them afterward.</em></p>

      <p>“Devilfolk girl, do not forget what you said earlier.”</p>

      <p>I made sure to drive that home just in case before I put power into the hand holding the blade. I never intended to have her do anything exceptionally strange though. NTR is not to my taste. For now, if I managed to make her owe me, then she might be useful later. That was as far as I’d bothered to think on it.</p>

      <p>Using my grip strength, I destroyed the sword before sending the surprised armored warrior flying with a kick. Just that caused an explosive sound as the armor warped, and he dragged another down with him as they were both sent tailspinning into the horizon. <em>Oh ho, how light.</em></p>

      <p>“I agree with you, Not-Pollux. Those who are unnecessary <em>should</em> leave the stage. You need to go away,” I said, smiling belligerently as I activated a skill I’d just learned recently.</p>

      <h1>12</h1>

      <p>The skill Alkaid was a skill that surely should not normally exist in this world. It was only natural, given how bugged this skill was. It destroyed the level 1000 ceiling, which had been set in place by the Goddess who created the world, after all. The skill, which I learned—no, remembered—during the fight with Benetnasch, allowed me to surpass level 1000 and soar into the world beyond.</p>

      <p>I felt uplifted, elated as my mentality turned more warlike, leaning towards a violent state where I could gravely hurt my opponent with no qualms. I stopped being me and changed into us. However, it seemed like I couldn’t expect such a drastic gain in strength as last time, as our level stopped at 1500. <em>It’s lower than expected, but it’s still enough.</em></p>

      <p>The levels of the Twelve Stars also jumped, having been pulled up by our own. Only Libra’s level did not rise, but she had her own way to power up.</p>

      <p>“Armament Selection! Astraia!”</p>

      <p>The additional equipment came flying from Blutgang, docking with Libra in midair.</p>

      <p>With this, everyone but Libra was at level 1000, and Libra herself was fully armed. On the other side, the enemy had several hundred bodies between levels 700-1000. With the Dragon King in the mix, the difference in combined might between the two sides would probably be laughably large.</p>

      <p><em>At least, it normally would... But I am not to be underestimated. </em>The Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars were comprised of the best of the best, gathered by us in order to combat the Goddess. I wouldn’t have added anyone who wouldn’t be able to overturn an advantage of just this scale.</p>

      <p>True, the difference was huge given our overall combined levels. Counting us, our levels would only be 7600. On the other side, their forces probably easily surpassed several hundred thousand in levels. But it was unfortunate as our levels didn’t add, they multiplied. Now that We’d regained some of our original might, the Twelve Stars could finally exert their full power.</p>

      <p><em>Sorry for everything up until now. Our uselessness has forced you all to fight all this time while so constrained. But there’s no need to worry anymore. Our chains are gone. So...</em></p>

      <p>“To all the Stars of Conquest who serve us, We order you: now is the time to enchant us with your full power.”</p>

      <p><em>Argonautai? Never mind any of the elite who served under us two hundred years ago. We only see innocuous “heroes” who feared rebellion. With just them, the argonautai are nothing more than a jumble of fighters. It looks like some of those who’d followed the Seven Heroes are there...but don’t make us laugh. They’re nothing special.</em></p>

      <p>It was said that they had combined their might to take us down, but that was completely wrong. The truth was that they had just been a group of cowards who’d done nothing but commit themselves to long-range support fire. They had pushed the job of fighting us onto Alioth and the others while they had stood back in safety and plinked away. They were just a gathering of weaklings. <em>How was it at the end? </em>We tried to remember. <em>Right, We remember. It should be that they were so annoying that We simply burned them all away.</em></p>

      <p>“Your legs are shaking, heroes. Do you still fear us, even after death?”</p>

      <p>“H-How dare you...!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, by the way—you. Who are you again? We do not remember your name or face at all. Forgive us, will you? We seem to be birdbrained enough to forget those who don’t leave an impression after three steps.”</p>

      <p>“Wha—... Wh—...?!”</p>

      <p>The faces of the heroes twisted in anger and shame at our ridicule.</p>

      <p><em>Well, this should do it for provocation. Though it is true that We don’t remember each of their faces. Honestly, they aren’t worth remembering. In the end, they were just small fry who raised only their levels with golden apples. Do a bunch of people who lost to us two hundred years ago really think they can get together like they have a grudge and win as long as they form a united front? Nothing changes by having them come back from the afterlife. Returning monsters being weak is a huge trope, so they should just leave already.</em></p>

      <p>“Skill: Ex-Coalesce.”</p>

      <p>Of course, We were the same in the department of being able to do things We hadn’t been able to before. We were in possession of several skills that could only be obtained with special combinations, and one of them was the skill Ex-Coalesce. Its power was as you could see. The condition to learn it was to have both the Monster Tamer and Alchemist classes at a combined level of 200 or more, and its effect was to fuse skills.</p>

      <p>Take, for example, a skill that stunned the enemy on a crit and a skill that would always crit on a hit activating at the same time. The end result would be to “always stun the enemy.” Normally, this skill had to be activated by both the Tamer and the Tamer’s monster, but this world had no such restriction. In the game, this skill only worked with certain combinations of skills, but that didn’t matter anymore. Fusion of any two skills We could think to combine was possible.</p>

      <p><em>We don’t care about any rules the Goddess makes, and We have no need to follow them. We make our own rules. You can burn the image of the Twelve Heavenly Stars’ full might into your eyes. </em>We paused.<em> Won’t you, Alovenus?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>As soon as Lufas had given her orders, the Twelve Stars made their move. Their bodies were filled to the brim with power, and their master’s voice was like a tailwind. The possibility of defeat never entered into their minds. There was nothing but total belief in their victory. After all, they had the unbeatable Black-Winged King behind them, and they had been commanded to enchant her. What member of the Twelve Stars wouldn’t answer such an order? What kind of servants would they be if they didn’t?</p>

      <p>In front of a force more than ten times their number, Aries and the others showed not even the slightest hint of fear as they used the skills that best suited them.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Libra, Scorpius!” Sagittarius called out.</p>

      <p>“Don’t order me around!” Scorpius said.</p>

      <p>“I’ll follow your lead!” answered Libra.</p>

      <p>The heroic spirits who opposed them probably saw the moment the constellations of the Archer, the Scales, and the Scorpion shined behind Sagittarius, Libra, and Scorpius, as well as the moment the constellations combined.</p>

      <p>“Fly!”</p>

      <p>First, Sagittarius let fly an arrow which Libra grabbed onto, teleporting her to the center of the enemy formation. Just when all the attention was on her, Scorpius unleashed her poison breath attack, Grafias, bathing all the enemies along with Libra in her deadly poison. However, the poison had no effect on Libra. Obviously it wouldn’t, since she wasn’t a living being in the first place.</p>

      <p>The poisoned heroic spirits were then trapped in a field of light that had been deployed in an instant before being hit by the Scales’s skill. It was a bright flash that would not allow any weaklings to escape destruction. Its name was...</p>

      <p>“Brachium!”</p>

      <p>It was a lavish usage of the skill, activating such a destructive ability first on a large scale.</p>

      <p>In the face of that attack, which boasted the highest firepower out of anything the Twelve Heavenly Stars was able to bring to bear, all the rank and file soldiers with less than 99,999 HP were one-sidedly erased. Absolute defense skills meant nothing, and absolute evasion skills were totally ignored. The light of decimation was a blow of selection by the one who had guarded the Goddess’s Sanctuary. It had a higher priority than all the skills it pierced through, and as a skill, it was of the highest rank. Its damage hit the cap of 99,999, and even blunting the damage was impossible.</p>

      <p>Just this one attack reduced the numbers of the argonautai until less than twenty percent of them were left, but they had no time to be relieved that the attack was over.</p>

      <p>“Aigokeros!”</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Aries!”</p>

      <p>Next, Aries and Aigokeros stood, covering each other’s backs and overlapping their constellations of the Goat and the Ram. Aries had rainbow-colored flames erupting from every part of his body. Those flames were then gathered by a black, pulsating wave from Aigokeros, turning the flames black before spreading them throughout the surrounding area. The combined effect gave all those affected continuing ticks of percentile damage which was cursed to prevent healing. In other words, the flames not only ignored defenses and damaged all enemies no matter who they were, but they also prevented healing that damage. In effect, they were reducing the maximum HP of the enemy, and the heroic spirits who were burned by the flame fell one after the other.</p>

      <p>“What’re you all doing?! There are less than ten of them!”</p>

      <p>“Attack them! Crush them with numbers!”</p>

      <p>The heroic spirits weren’t sitting still either. The dragons who were resurrected and still desired the title of strongest unleashed their breath attacks, and a level 1000 swordmaster let loose a slash that split the earth. However, all those attacks were blocked by the wall of the Twelve Stars, Karkinos. Using Covering, he received all the attacks, grinning widely.</p>

      <p>“Welcome to Hel! Are you ready, Sagittarius?!”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me!”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius activated Ascella and imbued Karkinos with its effects. At the same time, the constellations of the Crab and the Archer intersected, and Karkinos’s counter reached even the spirits who hadn’t attacked him.</p>

      <p>“Acubens Extension!”</p>

      <p>The skill returned the damage dealt twice over to all the enemy combatants. Normally, Karkinos could only attack at close range, but now, with Lufas’s encouragement melded with Sagittarius’s skill, he had no such restrictions. The swipe Karkinos made with his scissors released a spread of light arrows which rampaged through the enemy formation. This absurd counter shaved away even more at the heroic spirits’ numbers, but the nightmare still wasn’t over. The party had just started.</p>

      <p>“Make sure you keep up with me, Karkinos!” yelled Scorpius.</p>

      <p>“O K A Y!”</p>

      <p>Both Scorpius and Karkinos brandished their scissors together, attacking a gigantic dragon with their weapons. What they unleashed was a storm of slashes at super high speed. As those who used the same weapon type, they somehow ended up being able to combo well with each other. The dragon, which should have been equipped with tough scales, was instantly reduced to ribbons, becoming a miserable pile of meat.</p>

      <p>“Sagittarius, back me up!” said Libra.</p>

      <p>“I knew you’d be coming,” Sagittarius said. “I’m ready!”</p>

      <p>The next constellations to intersect were the Scales and the Archer. Libra brought all her cannons to bear while Sagittarius aimed his bow. Then they attacked, letting arrows fly and unleashing storms of destructive light. Thanks to the effects of Ascella, the light from Libra’s cannons and the arrow from Sagittarius’s bow split, scattering over a wide area. Several thousand—no, tens of thousands—of ranged attacks burned their way through the field, mowing down all the enemies before the two could see.</p>

      <p>“Aigokeros!”</p>

      <p>“Understood!”</p>

      <p>Castor stabbed his well-used anchor lance into the ground, generating a tornado. The heroic spirits who were swept up in it were then hit by a series of dark flashes originating from above them. But things weren’t over. Right before they fell back down, Aries charged into them, having turned into a giant ball of fire. He hit them back up into the air instead of allowing them to fall to the ground, continuing the combo. From there, Aries released fire from his palms and took flight, kicking an enemy away before continuing on to repeat his attack on the next ones. When he finally landed and allowed the spirits to fall, Libra, Sagittarius, Scorpius, Castor, and Aigokeros were all waiting for them.</p>

      <p>“We’ll attack them all at once. Are you ready?”</p>

      <p>“Who do you think you’re talking to? I can turn you into scrap if you’d like.”</p>

      <p>“Match my timing.”</p>

      <p>“We’re going to mow them all down at once!”</p>

      <p>Libra brought her cannons to bear, while Scorpius sucked in a huge breath. Aigokeros’s eyes glinted, and Castor lifted up his anchor. Aries gathered his flames, while Sagittarius readied his bow. They all unleashed their attacks at the same time, and even though the heroic spirits had already died once, they could foresee their upcoming death.</p>

      <p>“Full salvo!”</p>

      <p>“Grafias!”</p>

      <p>“Deneb Algedi!”</p>

      <p>“Gods of Fifty Names!”</p>

      <p>“Mesarthim Version Three!”</p>

      <p>“Al Nassr!”</p>

      <p>The six attacks mixed together, combining due to Lufas’s skill and becoming an extreme light that could not miss which pierced through what was left of the enemy formation. On the other hand, the Crab—who had no skills that could attack proactively—had no role to play, so he just threw his scissors.</p>

      <p>Wherever the light touched, it left no heroic spirits standing. In the end, only the Dragon King and the Fairy Princess standing on top of it were left, but the princess didn’t look perturbed by that in the slightest. The Fairy Princess snapped her fingers, and all the heroic spirits who had just been defeated came back, standing in the way of the Twelve Stars once again.</p>

      <p>But that only made Lufas break into a full-faced smile. “Hmm. Then next it is our turn to enchant all of you,” she muttered, moving her fingers.</p>

      <p>When she did, all the recently resummoned heroic spirits floated up into the air and were stabbed with powerful psychic force without being able to offer up any resistance. Then, Lufas held up her hand, gathering shining golden mana to a point beside her. The mana formed a shining golden bow of the sun, though its size was far too huge for her, and it was doubtful any arrow large enough to be used by it existed.</p>

      <p>However, what it fired didn’t necessarily have to be an arrow. The effect of the spell was rather unusual for an attribute’s greatest spell in that it didn’t directly attack an enemy. Instead, it was more of a support spell. The spell multiplied the strength of the next spell by several times based on the time it took to fire, which meant that the bow would be firing a spell instead of an arrow.</p>

      <p>“‘Prophet Who Nocks the Golden Bow’! And burn them to cinders, Solar Flare!”</p>

      <p>Along with Lufas’s declaration came the launch of an attack spell that ranked in the upper echelons of what the Sun element was able to achieve in terms of heat and destructive power. The miniature golden sun that was unleashed swallowed up the heroic spirits before flying quickly out of the stratosphere and into the void of space. The speed of the spell surpassed the speed of light, and all the enemies that were hit by it were forcefully carried off into a distant star system.</p>

      <p>But that wasn’t all. The solar flare was buffed by the effects of Prophet Who Nocks the Golden Bow, which increased its scale as well. It grew to over one hundred meters in diameter, then one kilometer, then ten kilometers, then one hundred kilometers before eventually completing its transformation into a pseudo star the size of a small planet, possessing such high gravity and heat that even real stars couldn’t compare. It consumed and crushed the numerous satellites, comets, and planets in its way before going supernova in far-off space.</p>

      <p>No argonautai could withstand that, no matter how famously strong they were. Even a normal solar flare would have evaporated almost all of them, but instead, they were carried off into the ends of space before being caught up in the supernova of a miniature star. There were several elite spirits with over 99,999 HP, and ninety percent of the dragons had over 100,000 health as well. But even then... Even then, they were destroyed with a single spell.</p>

      <p>“Now then, that should be enough, Goddess. No matter how many numbers you gather around you, it will not be enough to defeat us.”</p>

      <p>“Looks like it. My word, your monstrousness is exasperating. You even ignore the damage cap. How does that happen?”</p>

      <p>The Goddess’s words just now answered the mystery from earlier. Yes, while under the effects of Alkaid, Lufas ignored the damage ceiling. The Goddess had just witnessed the ridiculous damage numbers that Lufas had hit the heroic spirits with, which were in the hundreds of thousands. However, even that didn’t cause the Goddess to lose composure, and there was a reason for that.</p>

      <p>“You haven’t forgotten, right? There exist heroic spirits who managed to defeat you before.”</p>

      <p>Pollux smiled and once again summoned spirits, but she didn’t summon a crowd of soldiers like before. Instead, she summoned four stars who equaled Lufas in brilliance. They stood on the same level as the Vampire Princess, and two hundred years ago, they had put a stop to the Great Conqueror’s ambitions. They were the strongest heroes in history.</p>

      <p>The first to appear was a peerless warrior in armor. He was the Sword King Alioth, who had polished his skills with the sword to such a degree that he even surpassed Lufas in that respect. Next was a polar bear beastfolk who was covered in white fur, Dubhe. The third was Mizgarz’s best alchemist, who wore a full suit of armor, Mizar. The last to appear was the Adventure King Phecda, whose small stature belied his combat ability.</p>

      <p>They had once been hailed as part of the Seven Heroes. Now, they had returned to the living world with their weapons pointed at Lufas.</p>

      <h1>13</h1>

      <p>“All of you...”</p>

      <p>At the moment, We were experiencing some amount of surprise along with a strong sense of nostalgia. The four men standing in front of us were all of different races: a human, a beastfolk, a dwarf, and a halfling. We should have had no memory of those figures as they pointed their swords at us, but the “Lufas” inside our memories insisted that they were familiar, and at the same time, We felt anger strong enough that it burned us from the inside out. We had to wring out our sense of reason to its fullest to contain the sudden onslaught of rage, but We couldn’t help but clench our fists just seeing them.</p>

      <p>We weren’t actually mad that they had defeated us. We didn’t hold a grudge about that in any way. <em>But We wonder why...</em> Why couldn’t We stop our rage seeing their wretched forms? Why did We feel so disappointed at how they looked, seemingly not in their right mind as they were being controlled?</p>

      <p>We tensed as Alioth made his move.</p>

      <p>The swordsman Alioth kicked off the ground, managing to step in right in front of us. We caught the blade he swung with the edge of our hand. The blade bit into flesh and drew blood. <em>Tch...! He’s worthy of the title of Sword King. What a sharp edge.</em></p>

      <p>We swiped with our arm, shoving the sword to the side before plucking out a feather from our own black wings and throwing it quill-first at Alioth’s eye. With that, We backstepped and created some space before healing the wound on our hand. Alioth also plucked the feather out like nothing had happened, regenerating the wound to his eye.</p>

      <p>“I was wondering who they were... It’s those filthy traitors...! So you’re all going to defy Lady Lufas again?! Not just once but twice...?! I’ll kill you... I’ll kill you! Kill killkillkillkill!!!” Scorpius passed right by me in her mad charge at the heroes, as she raged and screamed bloody murder.</p>

      <p>No, she wasn’t the only one. Aries and Aigokeros also charged at the revived heroes with enraged looks, and the trio of Twelve Stars members clashed with Phecda, Dubhe, and Mizar.</p>

      <p><em>Oh no... Their formation crumbled!</em></p>

      <p>“Calm down! You’re falling into their trap!”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee... Looks like our roles have changed.” Pollux laughed scornfully when she saw my panic as Alioth jumped at me once again.</p>

      <p>We dodged his slash, but next, one of the Dragon King’s heads came at us with its gaping maw, intent on swallowing us whole. We barely managed to get out of the way, but the Dragon King didn’t just have one head. The remaining nine heads all expelled their breaths, fully enveloping us.</p>

      <p>Of course, We weren’t going to just take it lying down. We folded our wings so that they covered us before quickly spreading them back out. By doing so, We created intense wind pressure which erased the breath attacks, making room for us to instantly charge into the Dragon King. But just as We were about to hit the Dragon King, Alioth once again stepped in and blocked our blow.</p>

      <p><em>Are We at a small disadvantage here? </em>We had activated Alkaid, but it seemed that dealing with both the Dragon King and Alioth when they had the backing of the Goddess was a harsh prospect.</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas!”</p>

      <p>“Whoops. I’m going to have to insist that you continue dealing with them.”</p>

      <p><em>Libra and the others are...no good. They’ve got their hands full with the argonautai. In fact, against that many enemies, they might be the ones who actually need backup, which means there’s only one move left. We need to blitz Alioth and the Dragon King.</em></p>

      <p>We flapped our wings hard, forcefully rotating to Alioth’s side before using our nails to try to take his head, but at that moment, the image of the old Lufas speaking with Alioth about our dreams rose unbidden to the back of our mind. We paused, the memory fresh. Having let the perfect chance go, We were forced to back off and create space from Alioth.</p>

      <p><em>Dammit... What the hell was that...? It felt like our body itself was hesitating to kill Alioth... Wait, could that actually be it? We’re only able to tell because We’ve mixed so much already, but... Lufas is probably really sweet on the people she considers close to her. You could say she gets really attached, probably because of how little her father loved her from birth. So now, she gets really sweet on anybody she deems close to her, coddling them and usually forgiving them when they do anything mischievous. We thought that was just “my” personality at first, but it seems that Lufas was the same way. So no matter what, We’ll end up hesitating for a moment when attacking him. But at this level, even an instant’s hesitation could spell death. It’ll create a huge opening.</em></p>

      <p>In game terms, hesitating for a moment in a battle like this would basically be like handing an entire turn over to the enemy. <em>Isn’t this really bad?</em></p>

      <p>“It’s just like back then, isn’t it? Even though you could win easily if you just fought with your full might, you don’t seem to be able to. You could call it your one and only weakness.”</p>

      <p>We reacted to Pollux’s words with a smile of slight self-mockery, saying, “Looks like it,” after a moment’s silence.</p>

      <p><em>Well, who could have expected that We’d have a silly weakness like that? Not knowing ourselves turned out to be a huge handicap, didn’t it? Thanks to that, our weakness has come to light in a dire situation like this. We didn’t know... Apparently, We seem to be weak to those We feel close to.</em></p>

      <p>It wouldn’t have been a huge deal if the gap in power was big enough, but Alioth wasn’t such a weakling as to allow that.</p>

      <p>“Lufasssssss!”</p>

      <p>Next, the Dragon King roared hatefully as he charged at us. <em>He still has that much hatred left for us, even though he doesn’t have an ego? How annoying.</em> He’s huge—170 meters—so any charge with that body will hurt, but not so much that We can’t do it.</p>

      <p>We allowed ourselves to be carried backwards while suppressing the Dragon King’s heads, grinding away at the ground as We ate the charge head-on.</p>

      <p>“Grk... Oooaarrgghh!”</p>

      <p>Then, with just the grip strength of a single hand, We grabbed one of the Dragon King’s horns and used brute force to throw him up into the air. However, the Dragon King stopped himself midair and unleashed his breath attack with all ten heads in a counterattack. The breaths mixed together, turning into a single flash of light that rained down on us.</p>

      <p><em>We can dodge—no, We can’t. If that thing hits Mizgarz directly, it’ll destroy the planet! Even if Mizgarz manages to survive, it’ll still destroy all of the human territories!</em></p>

      <p>“OOOOAARRGGHH!”</p>

      <p>We clenched our fist and punched the breath attack straight on. We succeeded in bouncing the breath attack back, but the Dragon King dodged it, and the mass of energy that was all seven elements combined disappeared into the depths of the sky.</p>

      <p>We’d somehow managed to reflect the attack, but its power was still incredible. Our hand was burned and bleeding. We could simply heal it though, and now wasn’t the time to be bothered by pain. <em>Still, to think it would wound our fist, which was fine even after punching a meteorite to destruction... That may have put some small cracks in our confidence...</em></p>

      <p>“Aaggghh!”</p>

      <p>But it seemed that We had no time to think on it. Next, Alioth closed the distance and swung his sword in an orthodox descending slash. We dodged, opening up an Exgate to summon our beloved whip sword from Maphaahl Tower. Using it, We defended against Alioth’s attacks before putting in a counterattack ourselves.</p>

      <p>In return for lowering the power a little, the multi-hit skill Quick Raid’s windup was small and left little opening for a counter. If used well, it was a speed-focused skill that could land multiple hits, and We used that to send a storm of slashes Alioth’s way. However, oddly enough, Alioth had used the exact same skill. Our swords clashed countless times, and a field of gravity was generated between us from the power of our attacks as well the number.</p>

      <p>In the end though, both power and speed were on our side. <em>We can push through like this. Yeah, it’s definitely possible... So... Stop remembering the past! The smiles of the past will only serve to dull our blade... But they won’t get out of our head!</em></p>

      <p>“Grk?!”</p>

      <p>We ended up being the ones pushed back. Having been forced to retreat by Alioth’s onslaught, We were blown away, sword and all. That was when the Dragon King gave chase, attempting to finish us off with a stomp. We managed to react in time, putting up our arms in a cross block to receive the sudden weight forced upon us, but the power involved with the attack was so massive that the ground caved in.</p>

      <p><em>Our arms are... They’re fine. They’re not broken. </em>But our current position was still dangerous. After all, our movements were completely sealed, and being unable to defend against Alioth’s next attack was a very bad position to be in.</p>

      <p>“OOOAAAAGGHHH!”</p>

      <p>Alioth pulled in his sword and charged towards us. <em>It’ll definitely hurt to take that... </em>Our only choice was to defend against it while being prepared to eat the damage from the Dragon King’s stomp. We still had enough HP. It’d hurt, but it wouldn’t be fatal. <em>Okay... Have to make sure the timing’s perfect...</em></p>

      <p>The next instant, something sent the Dragon King flying and got in between us, blocking Alioth’s sword with bare hands.</p>

      <p>It took us a while just to let out a confused, “Wha?”</p>

      <p>A flash of light described it perfectly. All We saw was a silver shine, and the next instant, she was in front of us. Her platinum hair swayed in the wind. Her robes were pitch black, her skin was white like fresh snow, and she was in no way tall. However, she had Alioth’s sword scissored between her fingertips and wasn’t giving an inch. At that moment, she looked gigantic.</p>

      <p>“Just what are you doing, Maphaahl?” she said after a pause. “How could you have so much trouble with these old ghosts after you won against me...?”</p>

      <p>“You’re...”</p>

      <p>When she turned back, her eyes were crimson red. Fangs peeked out of the edges of her mouth, and her expression betrayed absolute belief in her abilities. She kicked away Alioth as if he were just a stone on the side of a road, before turning back to us with an accusatory glare.</p>

      <p>“I told you, you know. If you were to ever lose to someone else, I’d come back from the dead and punch you flying. The only one allowed to kill you is me—the Vampire Princess Benetnasch. Don’t forget that.”</p>

      <p>The noble Vampire Princess who was strong enough to ward away even the Goddess’s temptation stood in front of us, absolutely unchanged from how We remembered her.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Aries was in the middle of a tough fight. His stats had never been that high in the first place. Even though he’d been boosted to level 1000, the same as his opponent, he was facing off against the Beast King Dubhe, who had once been hailed as one of the Seven Heroes as well as Lufas’s equal. The beast who had lost his reason showed the whites of his eyes and drooled as he brutally and ferociously attacked Aries.</p>

      <p>“BEEAAARRRRRR!!!”</p>

      <p>The combo completely relied on his brute power as a beast. However, the attacks themselves weren’t all brute power. He was still half-person, so he had the skill to accompany it, but that didn’t mean Aries was going to just retreat. He was very forgiving, but he would still never forgive the Seven Heroes. They had betrayed his master when she’d trusted them, after all. He would never forget that.</p>

      <p>“Haaaggghhh!”</p>

      <p>Aries and Dubhe’s limbs clashed at high speeds, each contact creating sparks. Punches, backfists, elbow strikes, knee strikes, roundhouses... A super-high-speed fight was unfolding between the two of them, and the damage was piling up. Aries used Mesarthim. Dubhe was definitely being damaged just by being close, burns visible all over his body, but Dubhe continued to swipe with his claws as if he simply hadn’t noticed, and Aries was gradually gaining more wounds.</p>

      <p>“BEAARRGGGHH!”</p>

      <p>Aries crouched to try to dodge Dubhe’s raging blows with his steel-like arms, smoothly transitioning into a sweeping kick. Once Dubhe’s stance had crumbled, Aries kicked him upwards before chasing after him.</p>

      <p>After Aries had gotten past Dubhe, he turned around. Using his leg like a whip, he let loose an ax kick wreathed in fire. However, Dubhe disappeared the instant he made contact before reappearing a moment later behind Aries, sending him flying.</p>

      <p>“Gagh?!”</p>

      <p>Aries crashed into the ground, burrowing a hole into the earth. He quickly regained his senses and resorted to digging through the ground as if he were swimming until he got behind Dubhe, who’d just landed. Just like that, Aries grabbed Dubhe’s head from behind, slamming it into the ground before the Beast King could react.</p>

      <p>However, Dubhe’s sheer physical strength was to be feared, and he forced himself upright before falling backwards just like that on top of Aries. Having been crushed into the ground, blood leaked from Aries’s mouth.</p>

      <p>But it was Aries’s turn next. He pinioned Dubhe’s arms behind his back as he slammed countless kicks into the Beast King from his position.</p>

      <p>It was Dubhe’s turn now to have blood leak from his mouth, but the Beast King quickly retaliated, doing something similar to a shoulder throw and sending Aries flying.</p>

      <p>Though the Sheep tried to get back up quickly, Dubhe was quicker, already stomping on Aries, which produced a dull sound. Dubhe repeated the stomp twice, three times, then four. Dubhe stomped with enough power to cave in the ground, and Aries’s resistance soon weakened. Then, Dubhe made for a fifth stomp to finish Aries off.</p>

      <p>Aries could do nothing but gaze blankly as Dubhe’s leg descended on him, but the next moment, Dubhe was wiped away from his line of sight. Rather, he was punched away.</p>

      <p>There was a moment of silent confusion. “Huh?”</p>

      <p>Before Aries stood a large man’s very muscular back. His hair was a dark red, like crimson, and he was fully covered in a black bodysuit. His arms were as big as logs with veins visible on the surface, and he made no effort to hide his rampant animal nature, which surpassed even Dubhe’s.</p>

      <p>“Yo. You’re not putting up much of a fight here, are you, Aries.”</p>

      <p>The name of the man who stood in front of Aries scornfully laughing was Leon the Lion of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <h1>14</h1>

      <p>When Benetnasch opened her eyes, the first thing she saw was the familiar ceiling of her room, as she was in her coffin.</p>

      <p>A coffin’s comfortableness shouldn’t be underestimated. It was lined with a down futon made by the country’s best alchemists and was Benetnasch’s favorite bed, since it was so nice. That wasn’t the problem though. The problem was that Benetnasch had woken up, just like normal.</p>

      <p><em>Right. I should never have woken up again. I should never have been able to get up and stand again, because I fought Lufas with all my might, lost, and died...</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re awake, Princess!”</p>

      <p>A vampire who had been serving her for over several hundred years reacted immediately when he saw Benetnasch wake up, raising a cheer. He had been turned into a vampire far back in the past, in the age of true-blooded ancestors, so he was a living witness of the ancient past who had sworn eternal servitude to the bloodline. His wrinkled face warped as he smiled in true heartfelt happiness at seeing his lord and master wake up.</p>

      <p>Ten more vampires burst into the room after hearing the servant’s cry. They were survivors of the battle two hundred years ago, and each one of them was capable of destroying entire countries on their own. Their group was called the “Ten Blooded,” and it was obvious that they had taken inspiration from Lufas’s Twelve Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch saw their overjoyed faces, but all that was on her mind was confusion. After a moment of confused silence, she asked, “Why am I alive?”</p>

      <p>The wound she’d sustained at the end of that fight had certainly been fatal. There was no doubt her heart had been destroyed. No matter how incredible Benetnasch’s regeneration ability was, she shouldn’t have been able to survive having her heart pierced through. She’d even felt the sensation of her life dripping out of her along with her blood. She’d started going numb, paralyzed from her fingertips onward, and she’d also felt exhausted, like she had fallen into a bottomless darkness.</p>

      <p>She’d even thought that the next time she opened her eyes, if she ever did, she’d be in the afterlife, and if such a world existed, she’d then decided that the first thing she’d do was go punch Alioth and the others flying. <em>So why am I still alive?</em></p>

      <p>“It was an Amrita. They heal all wounds, and even resurrect the dead. They’re the ultimate medicine. Lady Lufas used it on you before you died, Princess.”</p>

      <p>“What? But she never...” Benetnasch started, but then she thought back to the moment.</p>

      <p><em>No, wait a second. Was there really no sign? Isn’t there something that seems likely if I think back? </em></p>

      <p><em>Yeah, it happened after I asked Lufas to hold me... I felt some sort of liquid in my mouth. I thought it was my own blood, but...</em></p>

      <p>She considered the matter silently. <em>I’ve been had. Lufas slipped me the Amrita when I wasn’t acting myself and wanted a hug. Argh, that’s so embarrassing! I looked like such a fool! And that also means that Lufas already knew I wouldn’t die back then but went along with what I said anyway.</em></p>

      <p>Benetnasch’s face went red in an instant, and she started shaking. Saying things like, “Hold me,” and, “Thanks,” because she had thought she was dying had come back to bite her, becoming a source of intense embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“...ut.”</p>

      <p>“Princess?”</p>

      <p>“ALL OF YOU GET OOOUUUTTT!”</p>

      <p>She was taking out her embarrassment on other people magnificently. Her subordinates weren’t to blame at all. There was no reason for them to be yelled at; Benetnasch just wanted to lash out.</p>

      <p>She chased all her subordinates out and shut herself into her own coffin. Even then, her shame didn’t disappear, and she continued to roll around inside, writhing in embarrassment. Her personal coffin was quite spacious.</p>

      <p>She raised a scream that couldn’t be transcribed into words as she cocooned herself with her own futon and rolled around.</p>

      <p><em>Embarrassing! So embarrassing! I just know that Lufas, that woman, was laughing inside! No, she might have been laughing outside too. She’s got a really bad personality in some ways.</em></p>

      <p><em>And I was so uncool... So uncool! I said “Thanks”...! </em></p>

      <p><em>I wanna go back to the past and punch myself! And Lufas too, about a hundred times while I’m at it! No, a hundred times isn’t enough. I’m gonna mount her and punch her ten thousand times!</em></p>

      <p>That day, a black mark was recorded on the Vampire Princess’s history. This wound would leave its mark forever, feeding the fire of Benetnasch’s motivation to take Lufas down.</p>

      <p>It took Benetnasch an entire day until she finally recovered from the damage she’d taken and left her coffin.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Benetnasch stood before Lufas with her arms crossed, giving Lufas a baleful look, angry that her longtime rival had been cornered by someone else. It had happened two hundred years ago too. Even though Lufas had promised Benetnasch a rematch, she’d been defeated, and now she was once again being cornered after having won. And by ghosts, no less.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, I know, </em>Benetnasch thought.<em> My anger is selfish. I’m the one who decided to expect something of her, and now I’m one-sidedly getting angry that she’s not living up to it. I know it’s childish. </em>However, emotions were different from reason, and Benetnasch was the type to prioritize emotions over reason. That was why she was annoyed and angry. That was why she wanted to yell.</p>

      <p>Benetnasch was about to open her mouth to say something, but was beaten to the punch by Lufas. “You saved us, Benet. Honestly, We were in a pinch.”</p>

      <p><em>Judging from her smiling face, she’s not even a little surprised at my appearance here.</em></p>

      <p>Such a thing was only natural. It was Lufas who gave Benetnasch the Amrita, so she probably expected that the Vampire Princess would show up again eventually. There was no way Lufas would ever have killed Benetnasch in the first place. After all, her existence had been one of the cornerstones of humanity’s survival so far, and Lufas had no idea what removing that cornerstone would do.</p>

      <p>With her opportunity to chew Lufas out squandered, Benetnasch set her complaints aside and settled for unhappily averting her face. “Don’t misunderstand. I didn’t come here to save you. I just didn’t want anyone else to beat you.”</p>

      <p>Benetnasch looked away from Lufas and instead turned her gaze to Alioth and the others. What she felt was disappointment. And anger.</p>

      <p><em>I could say the same thing about Maphaahl, but these guys are worse. What the hell are they doing here? You’re doing this again, even though you all made the same mistake two hundred years ago and incessantly cried about it?! Seriously?</em></p>

      <p>“But there’s something I don’t like even more...” Benetnasch paused. “And that’s all of you ghosts. They say idiots only get better when they die, but it looks like even that didn’t manage to fix any of you.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>