<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_9">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>They look handsome, but I guess they’re still monsters in the end. Their true natures are still pretty violent.</em></p>

      <p>I ignored the two of them, who started trading punches without any sort of starting sign, as I laid my hands on the railing of the ship.</p>

      <p>I’d heard about “humanity’s sphere” and the “devilfolk’s sphere,” so I’d been pretty wary. I had thought that it would be dangerous without preparing enough power first, but it seemed like I was being too cautious. There was a possibility that the devilfolk we’d encountered had just been vanguards and that there were still stronger enemies waiting for us, but the enemies we’d encountered were still far less threatening than I’d expected. Well, even if some stronger enemies did appear, it probably wouldn’t be any problem for us to deal with right now. <em>Maybe I’ll leave the next ones up to the argonautai.</em></p>

      <p>“Sir Aries! Your attribute is Fire too, isn’t it?! Let’s beat this guy up together!”</p>

      <p>Hydras had mounted Fenix, who had called for Aries’s help after suffering a nosebleed.</p>

      <p>“Wha—?! You bastard, that’s playing dirty! Don’t involve other people in this fight! Your weak-ass fire won’t do anything, but his will even at half power! It’s percentile damage, you know!”</p>

      <p><em>Well, I guess that would happen in a battle of fire versus water.</em></p>

      <p>Aries, who had suddenly been called upon, was flustered and panicking, but Scorpius tapped him lightly on the head.</p>

      <p>“You can just ignore them, Aries. You shouldn’t be paying idiots like them any mind.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” said Sagittarius. “Fights like that need to be settled one on one.”</p>

      <p>“Sagittarius, put on some pants already...”</p>

      <p>What he said was wise, but nobody was impressed, since he had said it with his crotch arrow flapping in the breeze. <em>Didn’t I make you a pair of pants...? Why are you still naked down there? </em>Luckily, the mosaic that Dina had put on him was still there, but it was still hard to look at.</p>

      <p>Benet cracked her knuckles as she gave Sagittarius a look like she was seeing something filthy, like garbage.</p>

      <p>Two hundred years ago, Sagittarius had almost never shown himself, even before his comrades, and I’d even heard that when he had, he’d been disguised. I’d assumed it was because he was specialized for assassination, but the real reason may have unexpectedly been because his nudist tendencies were hard for people to put up with, so Lufas had ordered him not to or something.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Maphaahl. Can I kill that thing?”</p>

      <p>“We will allow you to half kill him.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas?!”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius looked at me imploringly, but I didn’t care. Benet kicked him flying out of the ship, so Libra fired off her rocket arms to go and retrieve him. While watching this, I couldn’t stop myself from giving an exasperated laugh.</p>

      <p><em>Ha, they’re so noisy. But it looks like this trip won’t be boring, at least.</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>