<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="side2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Lufas’s Party Continues Their Journey</h1>

      <p>Traveling naturally meant consuming food and other supplies, and it was definitely no cheap enterprise. After all, in this group, all the monsters starting with Aries needed much more food than their appearances suggested. Of course, because they were anthropomorphized and their bodies had become smaller, they wouldn’t be eating several tonnes worth of food. Even then, they could all easily down several times more than a normal person could, so it needn’t be said that a steady source of food was absolutely necessary.</p>

      <p>In this case, they relied on alchemy as their cash cow. Dina would go to the market and sell the equipment and golems that Lufas had made offhandedly, all of which were basically like toys to them, but just items of that quality had managed to turn into a decently sized fortune.</p>

      <p>Of course, if Lufas actually put effort into it, things wouldn’t settle with just a small fortune. They would end up with enough money to live life in the lap of luxury for several generations, and they wouldn’t even have to think about money from then on. If Lufas did that, however, then all the items currently flowing through the market would lose all of their value, destroying the economy. Many people would probably even lose their jobs. So, Dina had purposefully asked Lufas to keep her creations under a certain level of power. Even then, though, Lufas would sometimes create something with absurd capabilities in a fit of whimsy.</p>

      <p>On this day, Dina was once again in the Trade City of Ydalir, selling her wares while being fraught with worry.</p>

      <p>“This is no good... This has way too much attack too...”</p>

      <p>Considering current standards, having an attack boost of around +100 would make a weapon a famous masterpiece of the strongest class. However, an attack bonus of just +100 might as well not be there to Lufas, only holding as much value as any random knife. So Lufas would easily and carelessly make weapons that reached far into the triple digits. If Dina allowed any of those to reach the market, it would cause a huge fuss, so she had to throw herself into the task of choosing only those with the lowest capabilities.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re selling weapons here? Are there any you recommend?” a passing man who seemed like a knight asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I am. How about this one?” said Dina, recommending him a sword.</p>

      <p>Its name was “Dull Blade.” It was a sword that offered a scant boost of +70.</p>

      <p>As a small detail, in this day and age, knights employed at a royal castle usually only had weapons that offered around +30 at most.</p>

      <p>“Oohhh... This is wonderful. Not even the captain has a sword this good. I’ll pay a lot for it. How much?”</p>

      <p>“Five hundred el.”</p>

      <p>“Cheap! I’ll take it!”</p>

      <p>Five hundred el was actually a fairly decent amount of money. The fact that he was able to drop that amount on a dime really showed that he was a knight.</p>

      <p>With that sword sold, other customers quickly stopped by.</p>

      <p>“You’ve got some damn fine wares here. Hey, shopkeep, would you happen to stock golems as well?”</p>

      <p>It seemed that the next customer was a noble. To people of that social class, golems were rather popular.</p>

      <p>Dina replied to the noble’s query with a smile and a, “Yes, I do.” Then, she pretended like she was going to the back of the store and dragged a Lufas-made golem that had been stored in her Exgate out to the front.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Steel Robot: Metal Z</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 400</p>

      <p>【Race】: Artificial Life Form</p>

      <p>【HP】: 3800<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Miss Lufaaaaaaaassss?!</em></p>

      <p><em>This is awful. I reminded her so much, but she still lets her interests take over and makes weird things like this!</em></p>

      <p>The golem also had a uselessly large amount of skills, and Dina was able to confirm that it could do things like fire rocket punches or beams from its eyes, just like Libra. It was clearly far too strong for a normal noble to own. Dina hurriedly stuffed Metal Z back into her Exgate.</p>

      <p>“Hmm? What’s wrong? Weren’t you going to sell me that golem?”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m terribly sorry. That golem was defective. This one here is in working order.”</p>

      <p>Dina made an excuse and retrieved a different golem. Even the weaker golem more than satisfied the noble, and Dina was able to avoid any follow-up questions.</p>

      <p>“This should do it for today... Okay then...” Dina said as she looked inside her Exgate.</p>

      <p>Inside, there were piles of high-performance equipment and golems which could in no way be allowed on the market, lying around like industrial waste.</p>

      <p>Dina stared at it all silently. “What do I do with all of this?”</p>

      <p>As long as Lufas would not stop following her desires and interests, this pile would only continue to grow. Unfortunately, Lufas would probably never stop.</p>

      <p>As an aside, the very next day Lufas once again didn’t even think about relative power levels and ended up handing a fairly powerful weapon to Sei.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>