<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<title>AFTERWORD</title>

<link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="backmatter">
<section aria-labelledby="aft" epub:type="afterword" role="doc-afterword">
<header>
<h1 class="CHAPTER" id="aft">
<a href="contents.xhtml#toc-aft"><span aria-label=" Page 167. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_167" role="doc-pagebreak"></span><span class="CN">послесловие</span>
<span class="CT"><span class="ePub-B-U">Afterword</span></span></a>
</h1>
</header>
<p class="COTX">Nice to meet you all. I am the author of this series, Sunsunsun. First, I would like to thank you all for purchasing this novel. If you borrowed this from a friend and made it this far, buy yourself a copy as well. And to the people reading this at the bookstore? Please walk yourself over to the register. Oh, and you? The person who’s thinking I’m being a little aggressive in the afterword of my debut novel? Well, I hate to break it to you, but this is how I always drive. You were fooled by the cover jacket. If anything, I’m going as legally fast as I can without the editor getting after me. I’m usually way more of a—</p>
<p class="TX">(I apologize for the author’s embarrassing behavior. Please give me a moment.)</p>
<p class="TX">Anyway, that’s the gist of it. Wait. What? I still haven’t even written a full page? I was sure I had cleared a thousand words easily. Anyway, I’ve had my fun, so now it’s time to get semiserious. I know I mentioned this on the cover jacket when I introduced myself, but I started out writing web novels on the website Shousetsuka ni Narou. I was never someone who seriously considered having my novel published (like the serious authors). I only did it for fun. I never worked seriously on a serialized series and only stuck to short stories whenever I had an idea. This novel, <i>Alya Sometimes Hides Her Feelings in Russian</i>, was originally posted on Shousetsuka ni Narou as a short story until it caught the eye of the editor, and we ended up using the concept to create a brand-new series. It was one of those lucky situations where it started as a one-shot story and leveled up into a serialized series, which you often see happen in weekly manga <span aria-label=" Page 168. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_168" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>anthologies. I never dreamed that something like this would happen to me. Since this was going to be a brand-new story, I had to create a new protagonist and heroine as well. What did you think? There’s nothing I want more than for you to feel the heroine was cute or the protagonist was cool. Yuki? Yeah, I know she’s adorable, so I’m not worried about her (I know).</p>
<p class="TX">Anyway, before I go, I wanted to give special thanks to the following people: Natsuki Miyakawa, the editor who has helped me so much in writing this novel; Momoco, who drew the beautiful illustrations; Tapioca, who made the perfect short manga; Sumire Uesaka for doing the voice of the heroine, Alya, and Kouhei Amasaki for doing the voice of Masachika; Shimesaba and Kyousuke Kamishiro for the helpful comments; and everyone who picked up this book. I want to give you all the biggest thanks of the century. Thank you so much! I hope we can meet again in the next volume. Until then.</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>