<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<title>CHAPTER 3 Yes, Officer. This man right here.</title>

<link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section aria-labelledby="ch3" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter">
<header>
<h1 class="CHAPTER" id="ch3">
<a href="contents.xhtml#toc-ch3"><span class="CN"><span aria-label=" Page 37. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_37" role="doc-pagebreak"></span><samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Regular_11">CHAPTER 3</samp></span>
<span class="CT"><span class="ePub-B-U">Yes, Officer. This man right here.</span></span></a>
</h1>
</header>
<p class="COTX">Masachika arrived at school the next day an hour earlier than he usually did. It wasn’t for any special reason. He merely woke up an hour earlier than normal. It was unusual for him to feel so refreshed first thing in the morning, so he decided to go straight to school. He didn’t want to risk falling back asleep and not being able to get up in time for class.</p>
<p class="TX">There was another small reason he came to school early, though. He just so happened to be on homeroom duty today. Not only were students seated at this school by their school number, but it also determined homeroom duty, which students did in pairs with the classmate sitting next to them. In other words, Masachika was going to be working with Alisa today.</p>
<p class="TX">Although he acknowledged he was lazy, he always took care not to inconvenience anyone (asking Alisa to show him her textbook when he forgot his didn’t count as far as he was concerned). Therefore, he never skipped school when he was on homeroom duty, regardless of how boring cleaning was to him. Usually, only doing the bare minimum of what he was asked to do was what made Masachika who he was, but today was slightly different.</p>
<p class="TX">“Hmph. I impress even myself sometimes.” Masachika nodded with evident satisfaction as he surveyed the empty classroom from the teacher’s podium. The seats and desks were beautifully aligned, with each student’s notebook lying neatly atop their desk after having been checked by their homeroom teacher. There wasn’t a speck of chalk dust on the blackboard, and the erasers had been perfectly cleaned as well. <span aria-label=" Page 38. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_38" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>Alisa typically did this on her own during homeroom duty; it wasn’t a requirement. But since he got up early today, Masachika wanted to see Alisa’s expression when he said, “Huh? Oh, you mean the things you usually do? Yeah, I already finished all that.” Thus, he returned to his seat and waited for Alisa to arrive early as she usually did. Only a few minutes had gone by when Alisa finally arrived. The moment she opened the classroom door and saw Masachika, her eyes widened in disbelief.</p>
<p class="TX">“Yo, yo, yo. Good morning.”</p>
<p class="TX">“…Good morning, Kuze.”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa furrowed her brow as she looked around the room and realized that her usual tasks had been completed in their entirety.</p>
<p class="TX">“I woke up really early today and had a lot of free time, so I thought I’d clean the place on my own.” Masachika looked cocky.</p>
<p class="TX">“…<i>You</i> got up early? I need to go outside to check if pigs are flying.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Ah, Alya. You’ve always had a way with words.”</p>
<p class="TX">“You’d better not fall asleep during class.”</p>
<p class="TX">“…I’ll see what I can do,” was Masachika’s half-hearted response.</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa rolled her eyes and sighed, then said quietly yet resolutely, “…I’ll take care of the blackboard erasers after our morning classes are over.”</p>
<p class="TX">Masachika smirked. It was clear she simply didn’t want to feel like she owed him anything. In no way was that what he was trying to do, but after getting to know her over the past year, he realized Alisa was a proud person, and there was nothing he could say to change her mind.</p>
<p class="TX">“All right. Thanks,” he replied.</p>
<p class="TX">Although she still seemed somewhat discontent, she nodded and awkwardly shuffled over to her seat. Curious as to why she was walking like that, Masachika eyed her up and down until he noticed her knee-high socks were wet, but one look out the window made it evident that it was a bright and sunny day. It had rained last night, but there wasn’t even a dark cloud in the sky anymore.</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 39. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_39" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“What happened to your socks? Step in a puddle or something?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Please, I’m not as bad as you.”</p>
<p class="TX">“What kind of idiot do you take me for?! You think I’m a twenty-four-seven space case or something?!”</p>
<p class="TX">“I never said that… <i>Sigh…</i> Anyway, a truck passing by splashed water on me.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Oh man. That sucks.”</p>
<p class="TX">“I suppose it’s kind of my fault for walking too close to the side of the road, though. I have a spare pair of socks to change into, at least.”</p>
<p class="TX">Even though she made it sound like she didn’t care, she took a seat at her desk and cringed with disgust as she removed her shoes. She then placed her right foot on the corner of her chair and hastily began pulling off her socks in front of Masachika. Her radiant, slim, milky-white legs wrapped in white knee-highs were exposed in all their glory right before his eyes as they glittered in the sunlight coming in through the window. Her thigh faintly peeked out from under her skirt as the sock slid down her lifted leg. Once it was off, Alisa stretched her wet, bare leg out as if she was basking in newfound freedom. Masachika swiftly averted his gaze, feeling as though he was looking at something he shouldn’t have been. Despite only watching her take off her socks, he felt a strange sense of guilt, as if he had been peeping on her getting undressed or taking a bath. Her beauty was nothing new to him, yet Masachika felt like he’d just remembered exactly how beautiful she was. His heart started racing.</p>
<p class="TX">“<i>Phew…</i>” Alisa exhaled in obvious relief after taking off her other sock and wiping her legs dry with a small towel that she always had on her just in case it rained. When she casually glanced beside her, she noticed that Masachika was awkwardly looking off to the side, averting his gaze. Alisa blinked in surprise—the typically carefree Masachika looked oddly flustered and embarrassed…and that made her smile. It was a sadistic, mischievous smile. She swiftly turned to face him and extended her right leg, skillfully grabbing and tugging at his pants with her big toe and index toe.</p>
<p class="TX">“Hey, can you go grab some spare socks out of my locker for me?”</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 40. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_40" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“What?”</p>
<p class="TX">“I accidentally took these ones off before grabbing my spares, so now I can’t go get them.”</p>
<p class="TX">She crossed her left leg over her right as if to say, “Did I really even have to explain that?” Masachika quickly looked away before he could see too much, making his nerves even more obvious. Alisa’s sadistic grin grew as she rested her chin on her hand with her elbow on the desk. Seeing her smile in amusement with the morning sun behind her was nothing short of picturesque. She was like a selfish princess who was enjoying watching her servant perform an almost-impossible task, or a cruel boss or sergeant who was being unreasonable with her subordinate.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Alya would probably look good in both a dress and a military uniform…</i></p>
<p class="TX">With his thoughts flying off in that direction, he stood up from his chair and then walked over to Alisa’s locker in the back of the classroom. He glanced at her once more to make sure it was hers, then opened the locker door, revealing textbooks and a pencil case neatly organized inside. In the very back were a folding umbrella and some socks in a clear plastic bag. He grabbed the bag of socks, still with a lingering feeling of guilt, then promptly returned to his seat.</p>
<p class="TX">“Here.”</p>
<p class="TX">He thrust the socks toward Alisa while glancing at her out of the corner of his eye.</p>
<p class="TX">“Good. Now help me put them on,” she demanded, dropping a verbal bomb while casually leaning back against the window.</p>
<p class="TX">“Whaaat?!” shrieked Masachika, but when he turned to face her, she’d already lifted her right leg in the air for him. She was tilting her head smugly. Perhaps since they were the only two in the room, she made her amusement no secret.</p>
<p class="TX">“What’s wrong with you today?”</p>
<p class="TX">“What? Me? What’s wrong with <i>you</i>?”</p>
<p class="TX">“I’m rewarding you for getting my socks.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Rewarding me? Uh… Maybe some people are into that, but…”</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 41. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_41" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“Oh? So you don’t want to?”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa looked surprised as she crossed her arms and recrossed her legs.</p>
<p class="TX">“No, I want to!” shouted Masachika, swiftly turning his head at the same time to avert his gaze.</p>
<p class="TX">He was planning on following that up by saying, “You’ve had your fun, so could you stop messing with me already?!” However, before he could even say another word, he heard Alisa whisper in Russian:</p>
<p class="TX">“&lt;I want you to, too.&gt;”</p>
<p class="TX">When he glanced to his side, her once-mischievous smirk was nowhere to be found. She was playing with her hair while averting her gaze, a soft blush on her cheeks. The sight alone sent Masachika’s mind straight into the gutter at full speed.</p>
<p class="TX">What were these bashful sweet nothings Alisa always whispered in Russian? Masachika had been pondering that question until he finally reached this conclusion: <i>Alya’s a mental exhibitionist</i>. Alisa was a hardworking perfectionist. That was her ideal version of herself, so she was always her own harshest critic and tirelessly worked herself to the bone. Nevertheless, the more people suppress their urges, the more pent-up stress they have that they need to release—at least, that was what Masachika once heard somewhere. Therefore, he believed her bashful Russian whispers were related to that somehow. In other words, she would whisper something embarrassing in front of others and enjoy the thrill of being caught, just like exhibitionists when they walked outside in public without wearing any underwear. Namely, what Masachika was trying to say was…</p>
<p class="TX"><i>It’s okay, since it’s consensual!</i></p>
<p class="TX">If his assumption was correct, then that would mean that Alisa was someone who enjoyed the thrill of exposing herself. In other words, she was happy, and Masachika was happy! It was a win-win relationship!</p>
<p class="TX">…It was easy to imagine what people might say if they heard his conclusion:</p>
<p class="TX"><i>What kind of reasoning is that?</i></p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 42. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_42" role="doc-pagebreak"></span><i>What’s a mental exhibitionist?</i></p>
<p class="TX"><i>I’m sure a lot of creeps believed what they were doing was consensual.</i></p>
<p class="TX">Be that as it may, there were, sadly, no mind readers who could slap some sense into him. Masachika was still hesitant, though. Even though he had her consent, it was in Russian. He wanted to get her consent in Japanese first.</p>
<p class="TX">“What was that?” he asked, facing Alisa with his mind completely in the gutter. She smirked provocatively and tried to play it off just like he expected she would.</p>
<p class="TX">“I called you a coward.”</p>
<p class="TX">Masachika had been waiting for her to say that. He dropped his jaw while mentally raising his arms into the air as if he had won a boxing match. Alisa then giggled with contempt and recrossed her legs.</p>
<p class="TX">“Anyway, it’s fine. I can put my socks on myself—”</p>
<p class="TX">“That won’t be necessary.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh?”</p>
<p class="TX">He promptly got on one knee before she could take the socks out of his hands. She blinked in confusion for a moment, but right as Masachika placed his hands on her right leg, her eyes opened wide.</p>
<p class="TX">“Eep?!”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa awkwardly shrieked as she experienced the uncomfortable, ticklish sensation of someone running their fingers down her foot from heel to ankle. Flustered, she reflexively jerked her leg into the air and held down her skirt.</p>
<p class="TX">“Hey, stay still.”</p>
<p class="TX">“E-excuse me?! …Hey?!”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa slapped her left hand over her mouth to prevent herself from squealing while she kept pulling her skirt down with her right. Masachika gave her a look as if he was fed up, but his lips were curled in a smirk.</p>
<p class="TX">“What’s your problem? I thought you wanted me to help you put them on?”</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 43. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_43" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“I know…what I said…but…!”</p>
<p class="TX">“I couldn’t just let you call me a coward like that and get away with it. My pride wouldn’t let me.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Wait…! I still need time to mentally prepare…!”</p>
<p class="TX">But Masachika didn’t listen to her cries as he pinched the sides of the sock with both thumbs and slowly pulled it up her leg. A tingle ran down her spine as the sock made its way upward.</p>
<p class="TX">“Ahn…”</p>
<p class="TX">Once Masachika’s thumbs grazed her thigh through the thin fabric…</p>
<p class="TX">“Wh-what do you think you’re doing?!”</p>
<p class="TX">“Bfff?!”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa suddenly swung her foot up, hitting Masachika squarely on the chin and sending his rear straight to the ground. The back of his head slammed against his own chair.</p>
<p class="TX">“…!”</p>
<p class="TX">“Ah! S-sorry. Are you okay?” asked Alisa, clearly concerned. She even forgot her embarrassment and upset when she saw Masachika curled on the ground and clutching his head in agony. He extended his trembling right hand and started tracing his index finger across the floor as if he was writing one last message in his blood before his inevitable demise. Nevertheless, there wasn’t any blood on his finger, so he was merely tracing with his finger alone, and yet Alisa could clearly tell what he was trying to write. It was a simple four-letter word: <i>pink</i>.</p>
<p class="TX">“…?!”</p>
<p class="TX">She instantly held down her skirt as she blushed in anger and embarrassment.</p>
<p class="TX">“Ngh…! Tsk…!”</p>
<p class="TX">She seemed to be having trouble getting mad at someone writhing in pain on the floor. Unintelligibly grunting, she grabbed her other sock off Masachika’s desk and swiftly slipped it onto her left foot.</p>
<p class="TX">“&lt;I can’t believe you! Jerk! Screw you!&gt;” Alisa childishly shouted <span aria-label=" Page 44. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_44" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>in Russian after ramming her feet into her school slippers, despite the fact that Masachika was in the middle of dying on the floor. Right as Alisa was storming out of the room, two female classmates walked in and hurriedly moved out of Alisa’s way with their eyes wide open at the unusual sight.</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh? What was that all about? Princess Alya was screaming.”</p>
<p class="TX">“That was Russian, right? What’s going on? Has the princess gone crazy?”</p>
<p class="TX">They watched her storm off with their mouths agape before turning around and noticing Masachika rubbing the back of his head.</p>
<p class="TX">“Good morning, Kuze… What happened?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Morning… Nothing happened.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Hey, Kuze… What happened to your head?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Oh, uh… I’ve just got this one zit that’s been bothering me.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Uh-huh…”</p>
<p class="TX">They eyed him with suspicion as they sat down at their desks, but Masachika pretended not to notice and pulled out his smartphone to text his sister.</p>
<p class="ECOM_AO"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">Sister dearest, I’m in trouble</samp></p>
<p class="TX">She must have been in the car on her way to school, as the message was immediately marked as read and she quickly sent a reply.</p>
<p class="ECOM_AF"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">What is it, my dear brother?</samp></p>
<p class="ECOM_A"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">Don’t freak out, but…</samp></p>
<p class="ECOM_AL"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">Gulp</samp></p>
<p class="TX">The next message he received was a sticker of an anime character trembling with fear, which only heaped on more pressure. Masachika’s expression contorted with extreme regret as he typed his reply.</p>
<p class="ECOM_AF"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">I…might have a foot fetish</samp></p>
<p class="ECOM_A"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">I beg your pardon?! I thought you were a boobs man!</samp></p>
<p class="ECOM_A"><span aria-label=" Page 45. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_45" role="doc-pagebreak"></span><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">I was, dammit! I had no idea I was into feet!</samp></p>
<p class="ECOM_A"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">Hmph… It’s about time you recognized how amazing legs are…</samp></p>
<p class="ECOM_A"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">Yeah…</samp></p>
<p class="ECOM_A"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">Legs are mad underrated. Thick thighs save lives, but muscular antelope legs are hard to pass up, too</samp></p>
<p class="ECOM_A"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">You are indeed wise, my dear sister</samp></p>
<p class="ECOM_A"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">By the way, brother dearest…</samp></p>
<p class="ECOM_A"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">Yeah?</samp></p>
<p class="ECOM_A"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">Did you seriously message me just to tell me about your filthy new fetish? WTF</samp></p>
<p class="ECOM_AL"><span class="ecom_a_symbol">&gt;</span> <samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Light_11">Sorry</samp></p>
<p class="TX">Masachika’s face fell. It felt as if his sister had just dumped a bucket of ice-cold water on him. He put away his smartphone and placed his head down on his desk.</p>
<p class="TX">“What am I gonna do now?”</p>
<p class="TX">Even Masachika realized he had gone too far. He thought he should probably go apologize, but he knew how prideful Alisa was; a reckless apology would make things worse.</p>
<p class="TX">“Eh. Guess I’ll just think about what to do when she gets back.”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa wasn’t a child, after all, so he figured she’d be back to her normal self once she cooled off for a bit.</p>
<hr class="transition"/>
<p class="TX1">That wasn’t what happened, though.</p>
<p class="TX">“Anyway, that’s all for homeroom today. Oh, don’t get up and bow. I have to go,” hastily mumbled the homeroom teacher before promptly leaving the classroom.</p>
<p class="TX">Morning homeroom ended surprisingly early today. There were still five minutes left until first period. Even so, the first-year students in Class B did not stand from their chairs as they began to whisper something to one another. There was only one reason behind <span aria-label=" Page 46. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_46" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>the homeroom teacher’s early departure and the nervous energy that filled the room. It was because Princess Alya wasn’t wearing her usual blank expression but was instead resting her chin on her hand with an elbow on her desk. She was clearly in a foul mood.</p>
<p class="TX">“H-hey… What’s up with her?”</p>
<p class="TX">“I heard something happened between her and Kuze, but that’s all I know.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Makes sense. He’s the only reason she’d be in a bad mood. What exactly did he do, though?”</p>
<p class="TX">“I heard Princess Alya screaming earlier.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Seriously? What was she screaming about?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Beats me. It was all in Russian.”</p>
<p class="TX">As speculation of all kinds spread like wildfire, Takeshi stealthily got out of his seat, crouched low, and made his way over to Masachika’s side.</p>
<p class="TX">“Psst. H-hey.”</p>
<p class="TX">“What do you want?” Masachika whispered back so that he didn’t stand out.</p>
<p class="TX">“Two questions. Did you really piss Alya off? And did she really do an <i>enzuigiri</i> on you?”</p>
<p class="TX">“What the hell?!”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa instantly shot him a piercing gaze, and he flinched. An <i>enzuigiri</i> was an attack where you jump-kicked the back of your opponent’s head. Not even the worst children would try to mimic this wrestling move.</p>
<p class="TX">“Alya would never do something so dangerous.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Y-yeah, I figured.”</p>
<p class="TX">“All she did was somersault-kick me on the chin.”</p>
<p class="TX">“That’s still pretty messed up, dude.”</p>
<p class="TX">Takeshi laughed bitterly, thinking it was a joke.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>It’s closer to the truth than you realize</i>, Masachika thought with an ambiguous smirk.</p>
<p class="TX">“So? What happened to Princess Alya that made her so upset?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Uh…”</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 47. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_47" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“Come on, I know you did something. Just fess up.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Well… I guess you could say it was my fault?”</p>
<p class="TX">Honestly, it <i>was</i> his fault. He did something he shouldn’t have. But if he admitted he touched her bare feet and ended up seeing her panties, he would be instantly put on school trial, where they would unanimously vote to execute him. Therefore, Masachika evasively dodged Takeshi’s questions while racking his brain for ways to fix things with Alisa.</p>
<p class="TX">“Uh… Alya?”</p>
<p class="TX">He decided to apologize for starters. Masachika pivoted to his neighbor, Alisa, who was resting her chin on her hand and staring out the window. She turned only her eyes in his direction as she sharply replied:</p>
<p class="TX">“What do you want, Kuze? &lt;You foot-fetishizing creep.&gt;”</p>
<p class="TX">There were plenty of things he wanted to say about this new Russian title that had been bestowed upon him, but he couldn’t say a thing, since he was still pretending he didn’t understand the language. Then again, maybe it was for the best that he didn’t tell her that wasn’t possible because he was a “boobs man.” The stock Alisa had in him would plummet, and every girl in class would be rushing to dump their Masachika stock as well.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>But the more I think about it, the more I feel like I didn’t do anything wrong.</i></p>
<p class="TX">Alisa’s cold behavior toward Masachika slowly led him to think this way. It was Alisa herself who’d ordered him to touch her feet, and it was Alisa who’d gotten embarrassed and kicked him. Being shown her underwear was beyond his control, and while he probably shouldn’t have told her what color they were as if they were his final words, he had simply been trying to show that he wasn’t angry that she had resorted to violence. So Masachika was a little unhappy that he ended up looking like the bad guy. Be that as it may, he understood that men were usually the ones in a vulnerable position in situations like this, so he decided to apologize and keep the other thoughts to himself.</p>
<p class="TX">“I’m, uh… I’m sorry…about what happened and all that.”</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 48. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_48" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“…Hmm? Don’t be. I’m partly to blame. Plus, I’m not mad anymore anyway.”</p>
<p class="STX"><i>Then why are you in a bad mood?</i> Masachika wondered, perfectly in sync with his classmates, who collectively thought, <i>Yeah, that’s a big fat lie</i>. It actually wasn’t a lie, though. Alisa was genuinely not angry anymore. What she felt right now was the embarrassment of having her leg touched and underwear exposed. Furthermore, she was embarrassed at herself for asking him to help her put on her socks, even though his reaction <i>was</i> priceless. There were many other small things she was feeling embarrassed about, such as screaming like a child, for example. She just wanted to crawl under a rock, build a little soundproof room, and scream. She was merely putting on a facade to make it look like she was in a bad mood so her true feelings wouldn’t escape her heart. Unfortunately, Masachika was far too inexperienced to understand the complex nature of a young lady such as her and was clueless. The bell eventually rang, and their teacher for first period came walking into the room.</p>
<p class="TX">“All right, kids. Let’s get this class started. Let’s see who’s on duty today… Ah, Kuj—… Kuze. Go ahead. Get us started.”</p>
<p class="TX">After checking the name on the blackboard, the math teacher took one glance at Alisa and immediately pointed toward Masachika without missing a beat.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>I know exactly how he feels.</i></p>
<p class="TX">Every student in class—except one—shared the sentiment.</p>
<p class="TX">“…Everybody, stand at attention. Bow. Good morning.”</p>
<p class="TX">“““Good morning.”””</p>
<p class="TX">Naturally, the tense atmosphere in the classroom continued after the awkward morning greeting. As expected, the sandman came to pay Masachika a visit, since he had woken up extra early that day, but not even he was brave enough to nap in an environment like this. Still, that didn’t mean he was going to be able to pay attention in class, so he spent the entire time thinking of a way to improve the princess’s mood.</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 49. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_49" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“All right, then. I’d like to end class there if there aren’t any questions… Kuze, wrap things up.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Everybody, stand at attention. Bow. Thank you very much.”</p>
<p class="TX">“““Thank you very much.”””</p>
<p class="TX">The math teacher left the room without looking in Alisa’s direction even once. Masachika exited the room right after, then hurried straight for the vending machine by the emergency exit. After getting what he needed, he rushed back to the classroom and reverently presented it to Alisa.</p>
<p class="TX">“Princess, please accept this offering in exchange for your forgiveness for what transpired earlier today.”</p>
<p class="TX">In his hands was a can of sweet red-bean soup with mochi…which had been number one in the <i>drinks nobody asked for</i> ranking for the past fourteen years at Seiren Academy. It was essentially extremely sweet liquid bean paste that would always leave you ridiculously thirsty.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Red-bean soup?!</i></p>
<p class="TX">Everyone in the classroom stared at Masachika like he had absolutely lost his mind and was trying to start a fight with the princess, but he knew…she drank this bizarre form of liquid diabetes from time to time.</p>
<p class="TX">“…Didn’t I just tell you I wasn’t angry?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Heh. I know. I’m simply apologizing out of respect.”</p>
<p class="TX">“…Fine. I’ll take it.”</p>
<p class="TX">“It is an honor.”</p>
<p class="TX">After he handed her the can, she pushed the pull tab in and downed it in one go. Everyone in the classroom shuddered.</p>
<p class="TX">“Thanks.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Ah, allow me to dispose of that can for you.”</p>
<p class="TX">“I can throw away my own garbage.”</p>
<p class="TX">“I cannot have you trouble yourself with such a task, my princess.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Can you stop talking like that?”</p>
<p class="TX">“A’ight.”</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 50. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_50" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>Her tone was still prickly, but Masachika could tell she was in a slightly better mood, so he returned to his seat feeling nothing but relief…when he came to a sudden realization.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Oh, crap… I don’t have my textbook for the next class.</i></p>
<p class="TX">Usually, he would turn to Alisa for help during a moment like this, but asking her to share her textbook could very likely put her in a bad mood all over again. And if that happened, he wouldn’t be able to handle his classmates’ disapproving glares.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Great…</i></p>
<p class="TX">Masachika was rifling through his desk and bag when Alisa shot him a suspicious glance. He immediately looked away to avoid her gaze and asked the girl sitting on the other side of him, “Sorry, but do you think I could look at your textbook with you?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh? Oh… Sure.”</p>
<p class="TX">She must have read the situation, because she smiled and sweetly nodded back at him. Masachika then scooted his desk next to hers while thanking her before letting out a deep sigh of relief.</p>
<p class="TX">“&lt;Cheating scumbag.&gt;”</p>
<p class="TX">The air suddenly got colder with the sound of that Russian whisper.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>The heck was I supposed to do…?</i></p>
<p class="TX">But his lamentations were in vain; the classroom remained tense for the rest of the day.</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>