<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<title>CHAPTER 7 That was quite the tragedy, wasn’t it?</title>

<link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section aria-labelledby="ch7" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter">
<header>
<h1 class="CHAPTER" id="ch7">
<a href="contents.xhtml#toc-ch7"><span class="CN"><span aria-label=" Page 121. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_121" role="doc-pagebreak"></span><samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Regular_11">CHAPTER 7</samp></span>
<span class="CT"><span class="ePub-B-U">That was quite the tragedy, wasn’t it?</span></span></a>
</h1>
</header>
<p class="COTX">“Are you okay, Alya?”</p>
<p class="TX">“…”</p>
<p class="TX">Masachika timidly called out to Alisa as she limply sank onto a bench in the park near the ramen shop, but she didn’t reply. She didn’t even have the energy to pretend like she was okay anymore as she slowly passed into the next world. She sat with her elbows on her knees and her forehead resting in both hands in silence, as if she were a philosopher deep in thought. Masachika scratched his head, pondering what he could do, but before he could figure anything out, she gradually lifted her head and sluggishly searched the park with her vacant eyes.</p>
<p class="TX">“…Where’s Yuki?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Oh, she said she had to pick up something at the store, so she left. She’ll meet up with us when she’s done.”</p>
<p class="TX">“…Oh.”</p>
<p class="TX">And by “store,” he meant the anime store. She decided to go empty out her wallet while Alisa was in a daze. Even though they were friends in the student council, Yuki seemed to want to keep her nerdy hobbies a secret.</p>
<p class="TX">“Are you okay?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Why wouldn’t I be?”</p>
<p class="TX">“What? Uh…”</p>
<p class="TX">It seemed Alisa still didn’t want to admit defeat, despite not being able to stand. She technically didn’t lose, since she stubbornly forced <span aria-label=" Page 122. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_122" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>herself to eat every last bite, but…but that begged the question: What was she even fighting against?</p>
<p class="TX">“So, uh…want some ice cream?” asked Masachika after darting his eyes around the park and spotting an ice-cream truck.</p>
<p class="TX">“…Yes.”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa was unusually honest about what she wanted for a change, so they got some ice cream and returned to their bench when…</p>
<p class="TX">“…”</p>
<p class="TX">Masachika licked his chocolate chip ice cream while staring hard at the ice cream in Alisa’s hand. Unlike Masachika, who went for the cone, she went for the cup and decided on chocolate, vanilla, cheesecake, and cookies-and-cream ice cream—all the sweetest flavors. “Green tea? Chocolate mint? Ice cream wasn’t supposed to be bitter or refreshing! Cones were a waste of stomach room, too!” That was what her bold choices said for her. Even the guy making her ice cream was a little surprised.</p>
<p class="TX">“…It’s only because I just ate something spicy,” argued Alisa, bashfully looking away from him as if she’d noticed his half-surprised, half-amazed stare.</p>
<p class="TX">“Okay.”</p>
<p class="TX">It was still overly sweet and excessive, thought Masachika. For some reason, Alisa was hiding her love of sweets. Maybe she felt that it didn’t fit her image.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>The fact that she drinks red-bean soup like water and claims her brain needs the sugar and she needs the energy makes it kind of pointless to hide it, though.</i></p>
<p class="TX">Nevertheless, Masachika never attempted to call her out, since she clearly wanted to keep it a secret. He believed that no matter how obvious it might be, you should respect others trying to be the person they wanted to be.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Could she have had a more difficult personality?</i></p>
<p class="TX">How stubborn and vain could one person be? Alisa had worked on herself over the years to become her ideal self, and Masachika respected that. Watching her work so hard even brought a smile <span aria-label=" Page 123. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_123" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>to his face, which was why he naturally wanted to help her. He wanted to make sure her hard work paid off. Whether that was some overwhelming desire to protect others or merely something he did to make amends for his father’s and his past was a mystery to even Masachika himself.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>It’s a crappy reason to do something, regardless.</i></p>
<p class="TX">But while he was mocking his reasoning, he suddenly found himself curious about something else.</p>
<p class="TX">“Hey, Alya.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Yes?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Why do you want to be the president of the student council?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Because I do. I’m aiming for the top. Do I need any more of a reason than that?”</p>
<p class="TX">It would be hard to explain that her extremely bare response was a satisfying answer to his question, but Masachika realized that was how she actually felt. Perhaps Alisa herself didn’t know exactly why she wanted to do it. She simply had to run, no matter what. Whenever she found a mountain, she had to climb it. That was just who Alisa Mikhailovna Kujou was.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>I’m jealous. She’s incredible.</i></p>
<p class="TX">And he genuinely felt that way. He was impressed by the beauty of someone pursuing their ideals and continuously working hard toward their goals. There was something noble about people who continued to push forward on their own two feet without relying on others.</p>
<p class="TX">Only people who took pride in what they did and fully committed themselves to their lives had souls that gave off a brilliant glow, and Masachika could clearly see that in Alisa. Yuki and Touya had that same glow, but what Alisa had was even brighter yet also somehow uncertain.</p>
<p class="TX">“If you’re going to run for president, then does that mean you have a vice president already lined up to run with you?”</p>
<p class="TX">After Alisa’s eyes briefly wavered, she faced Masachika with a bold expression, as if she was embarrassed for getting flustered.</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 124. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_124" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“I don’t, but that isn’t going to be a problem because I don’t need a vice president.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Uh… You have to run together as a team. That’s the rule.”</p>
<p class="TX">“I only need a vice president in name only. I’m sure I’ll be able to find someone who’d like the title.”</p>
<p class="TX">Masachika was suddenly overcome with loneliness. This was it. This was why Alisa’s glow looked so uncertain. She didn’t consider going to others for help, and she didn’t expect anything from others. She wasn’t interested in acceptance or praise. What drove Alisa for results were her ideals and her ideals alone…or perhaps it was for her own satisfaction, which was why she believed she couldn’t rely on others. Be that as it may, Masachika couldn’t just leave her like this, because he knew there was only so much one person could do, and he knew how depressing, painful, and empty it felt when hard work didn’t pay off.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Hard work should be rewarded. People who actually put in the effort deserve their desired results.</i></p>
<p class="TX">Those beliefs were part of why he always wanted to help Alisa. He would get those around her more involved so she would have no choice but to work together with them, and he took the initiative to call her by her nickname. Why? Because he wanted to make her more approachable. Though, it didn’t seem to be working that well by the look of things.</p>
<p class="TX">“…Huh.”</p>
<p class="TX">“…”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa didn’t say another word, nor did she show anything that would resemble an emotion. As she silently ate her ice cream, Masachika felt as if her silence was a plea, but perhaps that was merely his ego making him believe that. What was it that Alisa was going to tell him the previous day before she stepped into her apartment? But she confirmed his suspicions right after she finished eating her ice cream.</p>
<p class="TX">“&lt;If we were together…&gt;”</p>
<p class="TX">However, she fell silent before finishing her sentence, as if she was afraid of what he might think, despite the fact that she was speaking in Russian. But for Masachika, that was more than enough.</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 125. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_125" role="doc-pagebreak"></span><i>But I…</i></p>
<p class="TX">He didn’t have the glow that Alisa, Yuki, and Touya possessed. He didn’t have the passion to continuously work hard toward a certain goal that he himself had come up with. He always let others decide the goal for him, and how passionate he was depended on the other person. He’d always been this way, even during the period of his life in which he shined the most.</p>
<p class="TX">His mother and his grandfather had given him the goal to become someone worthy of taking over the Suou household, but his enthusiasm toward this goal depended only on his mother and <i>that girl</i>. Masachika wasn’t passionate about the idea itself. He only worked hard because he desired his mother’s praise along with the praise of that young girl. All he did was run on the fuel given to him on the path laid out for him. But now that they were both gone, he couldn’t go anywhere. He was stuck in place.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>I’m not good enough.</i></p>
<p class="TX">Masachika was grateful that she had said that in Russian, because if it had been in Japanese, he would have probably chosen cowardly silence as his reply.</p>
<p class="TX">“Kuze, do you have any other plans today?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Hmm? Oh, not really.”</p>
<p class="TX">“What about Yuki?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Oh… She’ll probably call whenever she’s done.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Then help me finish my shopping.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Didn’t you say you were shopping for new clothes?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Yes. And…?”</p>
<p class="TX">“It’s just… I thought there had to be a certain amount of intimacy between a guy and a girl before he got to help her pick out her new clothes.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Really?”</p>
<p class="TX">Masachika’s eyes opened wide in surprise when he saw the puzzled look on Alisa’s face.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Ohhh… Alisa’s never had any friends she can go shopping with, so it’s hard for her to pick up on subtle things like this…</i> Sniffle!</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 126. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_126" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>The pity he felt caused the inner corners of his eyes to burn as he tightly clenched his teeth, but his expression was brimming with compassion.</p>
<p class="TX">“Yeah…I’ll help you. Let’s go.”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa knit her brow at how understanding he’d suddenly become.</p>
<p class="TX">“Why the sudden change of heart?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Uh… Because we’re friends, of course. Yep.”</p>
<p class="TX">“I find it hard to believe that’s why.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Don’t worry about it,” joked Masachika, evading her question. After that, they returned to the shopping center they met at before lunch, went to the floor with all the clothing shops, and began their exploration. But the entire time, Alisa couldn’t help but wonder why he was acting so nice all of a sudden, and her curiosity slowly transformed into misunderstanding.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Wait… Does he think I’m going to lose the race for student council president? Is that why he’s being nice all of a sudden? Tsk! How dare he look down on me like this?!</i></p>
<p class="TX">She was mentally clenching her teeth because Masachika was treating her like a parent trying to cheer up his child. The way he was always seemed to think he was above others had always bothered her, but arguing with him and trying to rebel was something only a child would do.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>I…I can’t just let him treat me like this. I have to get back at him! I’m going to knock that smug look right off his face!</i></p>
<p class="TX">Alisa groaned to herself as she racked her brain…when she suddenly remembered what happened one morning the other day.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>I’m going to put on the best fashion show he has ever seen until he starts getting hot and bothered!</i></p>
<p class="TX">There was a clothing store Alisa had been wanting to check out, and the moment she stepped inside, her outlandish decision, which had been born from an absurd misunderstanding, sent her straight to the changing room with a handful of various styles of clothing.</p>
<p class="TX">“I want to hear your opinion after I finish changing, okay?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Sure thing.”</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 127. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_127" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>After closing the curtain between her and Masachika, she quickly began to examine the clothing.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>I suppose I’ll go with this one first…</i></p>
<p class="TX">The first article of clothing Alisa immediately reached for out of the bunch was a summery pure-white dress.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>There’s no way this isn’t going to work! Masha even told me that all guys loved dresses like this!</i></p>
<p class="TX">Contrary to her competitive determination, Alisa decided to play it safe, perhaps unaware of her own competitive streak. She trusted the possibly unreliable information from her sister, who learned everything she knew from comic books. But when it was time to finally put on the dress and she reached for the button on her blouse, her hand froze.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Hold on… He can’t hear me getting undressed, right?</i></p>
<p class="TX">There was only a thin piece of cloth separating her and Masachika. To make matters worse, the curtain didn’t go all the way to the floor, so there was a slight gap. Alisa was suddenly overcome with embarrassment.</p>
<p class="TX">“Kuze! Stand a little farther away!” shouted Alisa from the other side of the curtain, unable to take it any longer.</p>
<p class="TX">“All right,” lazily replied the voice, and the sound of footsteps slowly retreated into the distance. While she was somewhat relieved, she also began to panic because she could hear the footsteps far more clearly than she imagined she would.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Hmm? If I can hear his footsteps from here…does that mean he really can hear me undressing, too?</i></p>
<p class="TX">Alisa was no longer able to relax after realizing that she was doing something so embarrassing, and she felt that she finally understood what Masachika meant when he said he thought there had to be a certain amount of intimacy between a guy and a girl before he got to help her pick out her new clothes.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>No, it’s okay. There’s music playing in the store, so he’s probably not even going to be able to hear me at all…I hope.</i></p>
<p class="TX">Alisa was so embarrassed that she wanted to run away, but her <span aria-label=" Page 128. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_128" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>pride wouldn’t allow that. She swallowed her shame and finally began undressing. After she got changed as quickly and quietly as possible without thinking about the boy on the other side of the curtain, she strained her ears to see if she could hear Masachika, all while knowing it was pointless.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>It looks like I’m okay…</i></p>
<p class="TX">She was satisfied when he didn’t react, so she turned around and faced the mirror once more. Masachika, on the other hand, was busy trying to remain expressionless while the older women around him glanced warmly in his direction. “Oh my. Do you think he’s waiting for his girlfriend? To be in high school and in love again… How cute,” they said with their eyes.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>This is just like a rom-com</i>, thought Masachika as he tried to escape reality. Listening to her change didn’t even cross his mind, nor did he even notice. Alisa’s worries were all in her head. She would probably be pretty disappointed if she ever found out he was more concerned about the other women glancing at him than her getting changed, though.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Heh. Nice. I look really good, if I do say so myself.</i></p>
<p class="TX">She posed in front of the mirror while singing her own praises. She was sure of her victory (it was anyone’s guess as to when this had become a contest) and began to reach for the curtain when she was suddenly struck with anxiety. What if he didn’t react? What if he just said “Yeah, you look nice” while not paying attention and looking at his phone? …It might make her cry. The thought alone was causing Alisa’s heart to beat like a drum.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>H-hmph! I’d slap the hell out of him if he did that!</i></p>
<p class="TX">Alisa swiftly flung open the curtain after pumping herself up and wrestling her anxiety to the ground.</p>
<p class="TX">“What do you think?”</p>
<p class="TX">She leaned into one leg with a hand on her hip, as if she was posing like a model, as she shot an instigating look at Masachika. She genuinely looked incredible thanks to her amazing body and good <span aria-label=" Page 129. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_129" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>looks. Immediately, all the women throughout the store directed their gazes at her and gasped in admiration. Masachika was no exception.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Who</i> doesn’t <i>love it when girls dress like this?!</i></p>
<p class="TX">Masachika powerfully shouted that in his heart while he slammed his fist onto an imaginary table. It looked like Ask Masha was right for a change. Nevertheless, Masachika knew that Alisa wanted him to drool over her. Whoever blushed first, lost. That was why he decided to not even attempt to evade but attack instead!</p>
<p class="TX">“You look incredible. The pure-white dress looks especially good on you, since you have such nice milky-white skin. It seriously emphasizes your clean, feminine look. I didn’t think you could get any cuter, but here we are.”</p>
<p class="TX">“…?! O-oh… Really…?”</p>
<p class="TX">Masachika’s counterattack staggered her, and she started to feel jittery after being complimented in such a straightforward manner.</p>
<p class="TX">“Okay, let’s try the next outfit…,” muttered Alisa unintelligibly as she closed the curtain as if to run away, and they simultaneously crouched in a fluster the instant they could no longer see each other.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Wait, wait, wait</i>, thought Alisa. <i>Hold on. What? He just showered me with compliments!</i></p>
<p class="TX"><i>Oh god! I’m so embarrassed! I can’t believe I said all that without laughing!</i> Masachika was reeling. <i>Holy crap. Saying that right to her face was so embarrassing! How is she always able to say stuff like that with a straight face?! I mean, she’s doing it in Russian and thinks I don’t understand, so I guess that makes sense, but still!</i></p>
<p class="TX">Masachika clutched his head, fighting through the embarrassment with so much focus that he didn’t have the energy to care about the surrounding women’s heartwarming stares. Little did he know that Alisa was covering her cheeks while fighting through her embarrassment as well.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Wait. C-cute? D-do I look that cute? Wait, wait, wait! M-me? Did he say I was cute? Ahhh!</i></p>
<p class="TX">But she couldn’t deal with the embarrassment and smacked the <span aria-label=" Page 130. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_130" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>floor a few times…until she realized the noise she was making and stopped in a panic. After needlessly clearing her throat, she faced forward and gazed into the mirror…but when she noticed she was grinning from ear to ear, she instinctively bumped her forehead lightly against it. She rubbed her forehead against it, using the pain and chilling sensation to pull herself together.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Phew… I’m okay. Now that I think about it, he wasn’t saying anything out of character. Of course he’d say something like that. Kuze’s the kind of person who would compliment a girl. Very commendable of him, if I might add.</i></p>
<p class="TX">But when she threw her hair back while arrogantly judging him for some strange reason, she suddenly got the impression that he seemed very skilled.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Skilled at what, though?</i></p>
<p class="TX">But she didn’t even have to think about it for more than a second. Masachika seemed like he was used to complimenting girls. But who had he been complimenting so much that made him get used to it? There was only one person who came to mind.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Yuki…?</i></p>
<p class="TX">The thought immediately cleared her head. She thought back to how they were having the time of their lives window-shopping together a few hours ago, and uneasiness spread through her heart.</p>
<p class="TX">“…”</p>
<p class="TX">After pulling herself away from the mirror, she looked down at the clothes and picked out a pair of jeans and a black T-shirt with some English written on it before changing once more. Perhaps Alisa had an idea why she went with a boyish outfit deep down inside but chose not to acknowledge it. If she said she selected the clothes for no particular reason, then that was that.</p>
<p class="TX">“So? How do I look?”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa opened the curtain with an expression brimming with confidence as if to say, “I have nothing to hide.” But Masachika wasn’t so dense that he couldn’t notice why she may have chosen such an <span aria-label=" Page 131. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_131" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>outfit. He had enough tact (or perhaps brains) to not voice this out loud, though.</p>
<p class="TX">“You look really stylish in this outfit. You’re more beautiful than cute if that makes any sense, so that outfit really looks good on you, too. Jeans seriously emphasize how nice your body is, unlike skirts.”</p>
<p class="TX">“O-oh? I’ll keep that in mind. Thanks.”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa accepted the excessive compliments this time without allowing herself to get flustered and thanked him with a smile, unusually enough.</p>
<p class="TX">“Let’s move on to the next outfit, then.”</p>
<p class="TX">“All right.”</p>
<p class="TX">It wasn’t long before Alisa had long forgotten her goal to make Masachika feel hot and bothered as she started to genuinely grow fond of the fashion show for what it was. She switched outfits and posed in front of the mirror before showing Masachika, who praised her by using every compliment he had ever learned from comics, video games, and anime. His sense of shame slowly dulled while Alisa slowly began to enjoy herself. It was just as Masachika expected. She didn’t have any friends to go shopping with, and whenever she went shopping with her sister, Maria would simply say, <i>“Oh, you look so cute,”</i> no matter what Alisa wore, so this was the first time she ever had someone compliment her in such detail like this.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>What should I choose next? Decisions</i> <span class="SYMBOLS"><span class="font1">♪</span></span><i>, decisions.</i> <span class="SYMBOLS"><span class="font1">♪</span></span></p>
<p class="TX">She was in such a good mood now that she was even humming to herself in her head while she picked out her clothes. If Yuki were there, she would laugh at Alisa for being so easily charmed, but Alisa herself was not self-aware enough to realize this. Instead, she mirthfully reached out for outfits that she usually would not wear “just in case.”</p>
<p class="TX"><i>This is a little too…risqué, isn’t it? I’m sure Kuze will still compliment me, though.</i></p>
<p class="TX">It was a miniskirt and camisole that was far skimpier than anything else she had worn. The miniskirt seemed especially short, since Alisa naturally had such long legs, to the point that describing it as <span aria-label=" Page 132. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_132" role="doc-pagebreak"></span><i>below the crotch</i> would be more fitting than <i>above the knees</i>. It was something she would normally never wear under any circumstances, and even if she did, she would never wear it in front of a boy. However, Masachika’s constant praise helped her drown out the faint voice of reason in the back of her head. In fact, she was so excited that she didn’t even realize there were two people on the other side of the curtain now…</p>
<p class="TX">“What do you thi—?”</p>
<p class="TX">Only after she leaned forward and placed her right index finger on her cheek with a wink did she notice that Yuki was standing right next to Masachika. The moment their eyes met, Alisa’s winking eye froze shut. Meanwhile, Yuki was blinking at the sight while holding two paper bags full of anime goods.</p>
<p class="TX">“Wooow, Alya. Sexy.”</p>
<p class="TX">“…Yeah.”</p>
<p class="TX">Yuki whistled with a natural expression while Masachika averted his gaze with an indescribable look on his face, instantly dragging Alisa back into reality. The blood drained from her face before immediately rushing back into her cheeks.</p>
<p class="TX">“…Right.”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa pulled her crimson, twitching cheeks into a tight smile while swiftly shutting the curtain and quietly curling up into a ball.</p>
<p class="TX">“&lt;I want to disappear<span class="ellip_-">…</span>,&gt;” she muttered in a fading voice after looking at herself in the mirror once more.</p>
<p class="TX">“What’d Alya say?”</p>
<p class="TX">“She said she wanted to disappear.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Heh! What an innocent little babyyy. Ha-ha!”</p>
<p class="TX">“You’re sick.”</p>
<p class="TX">Even a whisper that soft couldn’t escape these two siblings.</p>
<hr class="transition"/>
<p class="TX1">After calming down and purchasing two of the outfits she had tried on, Alisa left the shopping center with Masachika and Yuki, and they started heading home. Alisa’s mood, however, did not get any better <span aria-label=" Page 133. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_133" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>even after they got on the train, and Masachika and Yuki simply played on their phones without chatting as if they were trying not to make the situation any worse for her.</p>
<p class="TX">“Well, see you Monday, Alya.”</p>
<p class="TX">“I had a lot of fun today. Let’s do this again sometime.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Yeah, see you two Monday.”</p>
<p class="TX">The train pulled up to Masachika and Yuki’s stop. After they got off the train, Alisa immediately sank into her seat.</p>
<p class="TX">“&lt;That didn’t just happen…&gt;”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa thought back to how she’d made a fool of herself (by her standards) earlier, making her want to fall to the floor and writhe.</p>
<p class="TX">“&lt;I bet they think I’m some sort of promiscuous schoolgirl after seeing me in that short skirt…&gt;”</p>
<p class="TX">She buried herself in the paper bag resting in her lap while the shame and regret consumed her…when she suddenly realized something weird.</p>
<p class="TX">“…Hmm?”</p>
<p class="TX">It was very weird. Why did they get off at the same station? Their houses were three stations apart, so it wouldn’t make sense for them to get off at the same station.</p>
<p class="TX">“What the…?”</p>
<p class="TX">There were only a few possible explanations. They were still not planning on going home yet. Or maybe they were planning on going home together?</p>
<p class="TX">“What in the…?”</p>
<p class="TX">And her assumption was technically correct. There was no way Yuki could bring her anime merchandise back home to the Suou household, so she decided to enjoy her spoils of war at the Kuze residence—circumstances that Alisa was completely unaware of.</p>
<p class="TX">“Are those two really…?”</p>
<p class="TX">But she managed to stop the seed of doubt from growing any more than that.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Wait. No. They probably just wanted to stop by another shop before heading home.</i></p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 134. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_134" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>After persuading herself that it was all in her head, Alisa suddenly remembered something else and pulled out her phone.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Hold on. What did she call it again? A “boyfriend shirt”?</i></p>
<p class="TX">While relying on her memories, Alisa searched the internet until she found a certain image, causing her eyes to open wide.</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh?!”</p>
<p class="TX">The random squeal caught the surrounding passengers’ attention, but Alisa was too deep in thought to care. It was a picture from a comic geared toward young women. A boy and girl were facing each other while sitting on the bed, but while the girl was wearing a baggy collared shirt and faintly smiling, the boy…was completely bare from the waist up.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>W-w-w-w-wait, wait, wait! What did she mean by that?!</i></p>
<p class="TX">The seed of doubt she was suppressing shot powerfully into the air and pierced the ceiling.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Wait! What?! Are they…?!</i></p>
<p class="TX">Alisa gazed in wonder at the erotic scene as she replaced the characters with Masachika and Yuki in her head before erasing the thought in a panic.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>What is going on?!</i></p>
<p class="TX">She spent the rest of her time on the train agonizing about what it all meant without ever finding an answer.</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>