<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<title>CHAPTER 2 I have friends, you know?</title>

<link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section aria-labelledby="ch2" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter">
<header>
<h1 class="CHAPTER" id="ch2">
<a href="contents.xhtml#toc-ch2"><span class="CN"><span aria-label=" Page 21. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_21" role="doc-pagebreak"></span><samp class="SANS_DIN_OT_Regular_11">CHAPTER 2</samp></span>
<span class="CT"><span class="ePub-B-U">I have friends, you know?</span></span></a>
</h1>
</header>
<p class="COTX">The cafeteria was echoing with chatter and rustling as students passed by one another with trays in their hands. Masachika had come here with his friends for lunch, and they were in the middle of staring at the menu at the entrance while they pondered what they would order.</p>
<p class="TX">“Oh, hey. Look. They’ve got something new.”</p>
<p class="TX">One item with the word <i>new</i> underneath it had caught Masachika’s attention: mapo-tofu ramen, a simple dish of spicy mapo tofu dumped on top of ramen—and a godsend for someone like Masachika, who loved ramen and spicy food.</p>
<p class="TX">“Mapo-tofu ramen? So it’s Chinese food topped with Chinese food.” Takeshi Maruyama laughed; he had been friends with Masachika ever since middle school. Takeshi had a shaved head and was slightly shorter than Masachika.</p>
<p class="TX">“Takeshi, ramen technically isn’t Chinese food, though.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Wait. It isn’t?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Nope. The word <i>ramen</i> itself is actually Japanese.”</p>
<p class="TX">Hikaru Kiyomiya was the one who shared that piece of trivia. He had also been friends with Masachika ever since middle school. He was a delicate, beautiful, androgynous young man with naturally light hair and eyes. He was one of the most gorgeous guys in the entire school, which was evident by the fact that every girl walking into the cafeteria gushed over him as they passed by.</p>
<p class="TX">“Have you two already decided what you’re going to get?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Yep.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Yes.”</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 22. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_22" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>After exchanging brief nods, they walked into the cafeteria, then placed a handkerchief and some tissues on a table to claim their seats before heading over to the line for food. Once they put in their orders, they returned to their seats and began eating. Of course, it was Masachika’s mapo-tofu ramen that became the focus of attention.</p>
<p class="TX">“Whoa… It’s even redder than it was in the picture.”</p>
<p class="TX">“That looks way too spicy.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Not at all. It needs to be spicier if anything. Still tastes good, though.”</p>
<p class="TX">Sitting across from Masachika, Takeshi and Hikaru watched in obvious disbelief as he slurped up his noodles, but Masachika himself was calm as could be.</p>
<p class="TX">“Hmm… Let me try some of your noodles.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Ooh, me too.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Sure.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Thanks… What the…?! This is spicy as hell!”</p>
<p class="TX">“Ack! It burns going down…!”</p>
<p class="TX">They dug into the ramen with their chopsticks, but the instant they took a bite, they frowned and reached for their cups.</p>
<p class="TX">“Okay, guys. You can’t call something spicy if the steam doesn’t make your eyes water,” Masachika chided.</p>
<p class="TX">“That is a bizarre definition of spicy.”</p>
<p class="TX">“You can say that again.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Real spicy ramen burns your lips to the point where you can’t even slurp them up like ordinary noodles.”</p>
<p class="TX">“‘Spicy’? Sounds more like <i>feisty</i>. Am I right?”</p>
<p class="TX">“I can’t even imagine ramen that spicy.”</p>
<p class="TX">“It would tear through your stomach, too, of course.”</p>
<p class="TX">“The hell, man? Don’t eat stuff that you know’s going to give you diarrhea,” Takeshi replied promptly, when all of a sudden, there was commotion at the cafeteria’s entrance. They instinctively looked toward the noise and saw three girls walk in.</p>
<p class="TX">“Oh, it’s the student council… I don’t see the president or the vice <span aria-label=" Page 23. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_23" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>president anywhere, though. Still not every day you see three of them together like this. It’s… Wow.”</p>
<p class="TX">Takeshi gasped as he watched them walk by, his peers <i>ooh</i>ing and <i>aah</i>ing the whole time. The guys were drooling over them while the girls looked up to them like idols.</p>
<p class="TX">“The Kujou sisters are so beautiful, aren’t they?” Hikaru muttered softly as he looked at Alisa, who stood out the most due to her silver hair, and the slightly shorter girl walking in front of her. This girl, Maria Mikhailovna Kujou, was a second-year student and the student council secretary. She was Alisa’s older sister by one year and was called Masha by those close to her. However, neither her hair color nor style were anything like her sister’s. While Maria had fair skin, it was more like <i>light compared with the average Japanese person’s</i>, unlike Alisa’s almost translucent milky-white skin. Her shoulder-length wavy hair was light brown, and she had bright, chocolate-colored, gentle almond-shaped eyes. Her figure, including her baby face, was also closer to that of the average Japanese person. It was almost hard to tell which one of them was older at first glance when she stood next to Alisa, who had a slim, tall, and mature figure. However, one glance below Maria’s face would clear up any misunderstanding. She had the body of an older sister. More specifically, she had huge breasts. And a huge rear as well. While Alisa had a figure that stood out from the average Japanese person’s, Maria had an even more “feminine” body. Her voluptuous figure and inherently gentle personality and style gave her a very maternal appearance, which was unexpected from someone her age. In fact, she was even called Madonna by some of her peers.</p>
<p class="TX">“Maria is so cute. I’d love to get to know her.”</p>
<p class="TX">“I heard she has a boyfriend, though,” chimed in Hikaru.</p>
<p class="TX">“Yeah, I know! Dammit! Who’s the lucky guy?!”</p>
<p class="TX">Takeshi’s dreamy expression instantly turned into a teeth-grinding scowl, causing Masachika to raise an eyebrow in surprise.</p>
<p class="TX">“Wait. Takeshi? ‘Who’s the lucky guy’? I thought you of all people would know.”</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 24. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_24" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“Not sure what you mean by ‘you of all people,’ but whatever. All I know is it’s some Russian guy.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh.”</p>
<p class="TX">“I wonder if it’s a long-distance relationship. I heard that Maria goes to Russia quite a bit.”</p>
<p class="TX">Hikaru had a point. The Kujou sisters often went back and forth between Russia and Japan due to their father’s work. Alisa had even lived in Russia until she was five, before coming to Japan for her first year of elementary school. She then went back to Russia during her fourth year and returned to Japan during her third year of middle school.</p>
<p class="TX">“I guess if they’re long-distance, that means they’ve been dating for over a year now… I don’t stand a chance.”</p>
<p class="TX">“True… Besides, she’s apparently turned down every guy who has asked her out so far because of this boyfriend.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Takeshi wouldn’t stand a chance, in any case,” chimed in Masachika, forcing his friend to confront this cold, harsh fact.</p>
<p class="TX">“Oh, shut up! Don’t act all cocky just ’cause you and Princess Alya are close!” Takeshi furiously snorted.</p>
<p class="TX">“Yeah, I don’t know about that. It’s more like she puts up with me.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Still better than her being completely uninterested in you. She barely talks to anyone, and if you try to approach her, she basically just cuts you off with some businesslike reply.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Well, we have been sitting next to each other for over a year now…”</p>
<p class="TX">“Even then, man. I mean, I’m pretty sure you’re the only person who can get away with calling her by her nickname to her face.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Yeah, I guess…”</p>
<p class="TX">“Man… I wish the solitary princess would let me call her by her nickname, too…”</p>
<p class="TX">“Why don’t you try, then? Be aggressive. She’s your classmate, too, you know?” suggested Masachika. Takeshi grimaced as he waved his hand in front of his face.</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 25. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_25" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“No way, man. I wouldn’t even know how to approach someone that perfect.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Doesn’t mean you should be sneaking photos of her.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Can you blame me? Look how beautiful she is,” argued Takeshi with an air of innocence before Masachika’s reproachful gaze. If it wasn’t obvious already, Takeshi was one of the three guys who’d had his smartphone confiscated that morning for secretly taking pictures of Alisa. In fact, he was the ringleader of the group.</p>
<p class="TX">“<i>Sigh…</i> I could stare at her all day. She is legit eyegasm material. And her sister? Put those two together, and I’m gonna need an extra pair of underwear.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Takeshi, that was seriously gross.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Yeah, I legit threw up a little in my mouth.”</p>
<p class="TX">Even Takeshi’s two friends were disgusted by his euphoric expression as he gawked at the Kujou sisters, but Takeshi himself looked back at Masachika and Hikaru as if they were the ones with the problem.</p>
<p class="TX">“What? Don’t tell me you guys disagree. I’ve never seen anyone as pretty as them in my life.”</p>
<p class="TX">“I mean, I admit they’re good-looking, but you shouldn’t worship them. Alya’s actually kind of funny once you get to know her…in more ways than one.”</p>
<p class="TX">“‘Ooh, look at me. I’m Masachika. I know the <i>real</i> Alya.’ Humblebrag much?”</p>
<p class="TX">“I wasn’t bragging.”</p>
<p class="TX">“So she’s ‘kind of funny,’ huh? I’m impressed you of all people can say something like that with a straight face.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Do I detect a hint of sarcasm, Hikaru? Trying to tell me to know my place?”</p>
<p class="TX">“That’s not what I meant. I was just saying how I admire that you could say something like that about someone who gets after you every single day.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Oh…”</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 26. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_26" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>Masachika looked away and gave a slight nod. One of the reasons he was fine with Alisa scolding him every day was because she was right. But even more than that, it was because what she whispered to herself in Russian occasionally was always extremely sweet. Plus, Alisa wouldn’t be scolding him all the time if she actually hated him to begin with. She would just ignore him…which meant that deep down inside, she probably enjoyed their exchanges. That was why Masachika didn’t let her complaints bother him. He would never be able to tell anyone that, though.</p>
<p class="TX">“Anyway, how about trying to talk to her? Nothing big. You might be surprised to find you two have a lot in common.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Yeah… But after what happened last year? I don’t know.”</p>
<p class="TX">Masachika nodded back at Takeshi with understanding. A young, beautiful transfer student had suddenly appeared last year like a comet. She, Alisa, instantly became the center of attention. Transfer students in general were extremely rare at Seiren Academy. The reason for this was simple: The entrance exam for transfer students was extremely difficult. Although the highly selective school was tough to get into already, the exam for transfer students was so hard that only a tenth of the current students, at most, could pass it. Nevertheless, not only did Alisa pass the entrance exam for transfer students, but she also got the highest scores on her midterms in her grade. Plus, she was beautiful. It would be more surprising if she wasn’t the center of attention. But while countless guys and girls tried to befriend her, she always kept her distance and never tried to get close to anyone. In no time flat, people started calling her the solitary princess.</p>
<p class="TX">“If I’m going to try to make a move on one of them, it’s going to be Yuki. By process of elimination, of course,” claimed Takeshi while looking at one of the girls lined up to order food. She had long, black, shiny hair that went down to her waist, and while she was small in stature, she had a well-proportioned feminine body. It didn’t appear to be as sensual as Alisa’s or Maria’s at first glance. However, despite her dainty looks, she displayed elegance through her firm posture and graceful gestures as if to hint at a proper noble upbringing. <span aria-label=" Page 27. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_27" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>She, Yuki Suou, was a first-year student and the student council publicist. She was the eldest daughter from a family of former nobility who had worked as diplomats for generations. She was genuinely one of the elites. Just like how students called Alisa the solitary princess, Yuki’s peers referred to her as the noble princess due to her high social skills and refined behavior, making her the other “beautiful princess” on campus.</p>
<p class="TX">“Like, I know she’s out of my league, but she’s easy to talk to, so at least I still have a chance, unlike with Princess Alya.”</p>
<p class="TX">As Takeshi continuously nodded to himself, Hikaru skeptically tilted his head.</p>
<p class="TX">“Do you really have a chance, though? Yuki is known for having turned down more guys than even Alisa.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Mmm… Yeah… Maybe she’s not looking for a boyfriend? Or maybe she has a fianc<span class="accent">é</span> already, just like real nobility? So, Masachika? What’s the deal with her?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Why are you asking me?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Who else would I ask? You two <i>grew up together</i>,” argued Takeshi, emphasizing each word as his eyes smoldered with jealousy. Masachika sighed.</p>
<p class="TX">“She doesn’t have a fianc<span class="accent">é</span> as far as I know. I don’t know if she’s interested in dating, though.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Then go ask her.”</p>
<p class="TX">“No.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Why?! Come on! Be a friend!”</p>
<p class="TX">“Real friends don’t use their friendship to pressure others into doing something.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Oh. Yes, I agree with Masachika on that.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Ack!”</p>
<p class="TX">Takeshi was immediately silenced by the verbal cross fire hitting him from every direction. When Masachika just happened to glance over at the food line, he saw that the three girls had begun looking for empty seats with their trays in hand. It looked like there was nowhere left to sit until all of a sudden, a student in the corner of the cafeteria <span aria-label=" Page 28. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_28" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>waved someone over. After Maria said something to the other two, she began walking over to the girl waving, most likely her friend or classmate. The other two kept looking around the cafeteria until Yuki’s and Masachika’s eyes met. She recognized him right away and her gaze slid to his side where there were two empty seats at the end of the table.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Guess I know where they’re sitting now.</i></p>
<p class="TX">Right as Masachika’s gut told him that, Yuki said something to Alisa and started walking straight toward them, which flustered Takeshi and made him immediately straighten his posture.</p>
<p class="TX">“Masachika, are these seats taken?”</p>
<p class="TX">All eyes were on Yuki, so the sharp crease that appeared in Alisa’s brow the moment those words left Yuki’s lips went unnoticed.</p>
<p class="TX">“Oh, uh. No, they’re all yours. You guys don’t mind, right?”</p>
<p class="TX">“O-of course not.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Be my guest.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Thanks,” she replied with a gorgeous smile before walking around to the other side of the table and sitting next to Masachika. Alisa then sat next to Takeshi, diagonally to the right of Masachika.</p>
<p class="TX">“I knew we’d order the same thing, Masachika.”</p>
<p class="TX">Yuki also had a bowl of mapo-tofu ramen, which belied her upper-class vibe.</p>
<p class="TX">“Wow, uh… I didn’t know you ate stuff like that, too, Ms. Suou,” stammered Takeshi nervously. Yuki took a hair tie out of her pocket and put her hair up into a ponytail with an awkward smile.</p>
<p class="TX">“You don’t have to be so formal. It’s not like we just met. We’re classmates.”</p>
<p class="TX">“B-but, like… Yeah, you’re right.”</p>
<p class="TX">“And of course I eat ramen. We don’t eat it at home, but I often go out on the weekends for ramen.”</p>
<p class="TX">“R-really? I guess I misjudged you.”</p>
<p class="TX">Both Takeshi’s and Hikaru’s eyes were wide in astonishment after hearing how down-to-earth Yuki was, a departure from her ladylike image at school. She smiled even wider before elegantly beginning to <span aria-label=" Page 30. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_30" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>slurp her noodles. Masachika waited until she was eating and shot Takeshi a look.</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>