<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
<title>EPILOGUE Take My Hand</title>

<link href="../styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="backmatter">
<p class="TX">“Were you thinking about another woman just now?” she asked quietly.</p>
<p class="TX">“How’d you know?! Oops…”</p>
<p class="TX">He immediately regretted his knee-jerk response, but it was already too late. A cold sweat ran down his spine as he realized just how terrible his response was.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Crap, crap, crap! Daydreaming about another girl from your past while the heroine is confessing her love for you is one of the top ten things a rom-com protagonist shouldn’t do! I think it was number two when I checked the polls!</i></p>
<p class="TX">Incidentally, the number one thing you shouldn’t do was ignore her. Not only would that ruin things with the heroine, but it would also lower the reader’s opinion of you, so it was something that should be avoided at all costs.</p>
<p class="TX"><i>Is this really the time to be thinking about rom-coms?!</i></p>
<p class="TX">Masachika shut the door to the nerd room in his mind that he had been using to escape reality. However, he had zero experience with love in real life past elementary school, so he had absolutely no clue how he was going to get himself out of this situation. And unfortunately, Alisa spoke up with a chilling smirk before he could figure something out.</p>
<p class="TX">“Hey.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Y-yes?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Didn’t you just say you were going to be by my side and support me from now on?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh? Oh yeah. I did say that. Yep.”</p>
<p class="TX">It was a little embarrassing hearing her repeat what he said, but Masachika wasn’t smiling bashfully under her cold, piercing gaze. His face was just twitching.</p>
<p class="TX">“And yet you immediately start thinking about Yuki.”</p>
<p class="TX">“I wasn’t thinking about Yuki.”</p>
<p class="TX">“…Hmph.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Hey?! Ouch! That seriously hurts!”</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 163. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_163" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>The instant he admitted it wasn’t Yuki, Alisa squeezed his right hand like a vise again, causing him to scream <i>Whyyyy?!</i> to himself.</p>
<p class="TX">“Kuze.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Eep?!”</p>
<p class="TX">“If you want me to forgive you, then don’t say another word and take what’s coming to you.”</p>
<p class="TX">“…Okay.”</p>
<p class="TX">After noticing Alisa slowly raising her left hand, Masachika closed his eyes, knowing what was coming. Immediately, a powerful shock hit his cheek like a bolt of lightning, sending him flying back, literally.</p>
<p class="TX">“Heh… Heh-heh… Nice slap.”</p>
<p class="TX">“…You’re an idiot.”</p>
<p class="TX">He gave her the thumbs-up, despite being pathetically curled up on the ground. Although she rolled her eyes, she forgave him just like she promised and extended a hand. After accepting her help up to his feet, Masachika brushed his pants off.</p>
<p class="TX">“Ready to go home?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Sure.”</p>
<p class="TX">And just like that, they started their journey home side by side. They were neither snuggling up nor keeping their distance, but they were close enough to naturally hold hands if they tried.</p>
<p class="TX">“Whew. I’ve never been slapped by a girl before. I feel like a real man now.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Did you hit your head on the ground when you fell?”</p>
<p class="TX">“I didn’t get a head injury!”</p>
<p class="TX">“Yes… Unfortunately, your brain has always rattled inside that head of yours.”</p>
<p class="TX">“I’ll have you know they used to call me the prodigy.”</p>
<p class="TX">“‘The prodigy’? Uh-huh…”</p>
<p class="TX">“Wow. You look like you don’t believe me.”</p>
<p class="TX">Relieved they could still banter like they usually did, they were walking slightly closer to each other now, and by the time they reached the entrance to Alisa’s apartment complex, her expression included some concern.</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 164. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_164" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“…Is your cheek okay? Do you need some ice?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Nah, I’m fine. I can’t really feel my right cheek, but it’s not so bad if you imagine you just got your wisdom teeth taken out,” cheerfully replied Masachika with a slight grimace as if it was unconsciously bothering him.</p>
<p class="TX">“That doesn’t sound ‘fine’ at all…”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa shrugged while rolling her eyes when she suddenly looked up as if she had realized something, then held out her index finger and rubbed Masachika’s right cheek.</p>
<p class="TX">“Do you really have no feeling in your cheek right now?”</p>
<p class="TX">“Oh, no… I was joking. I honestly still can’t feel much, though,” he replied, his heart slightly racing.</p>
<p class="TX">“…Uh-huh.”</p>
<p class="TX">Alisa smirked, then immediately placed a hand on his shoulder as her smile softly drew closer toward him.</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh?”</p>
<p class="TX">A soft sensation tickled Masachika’s right cheek, and he heard a gentle <i>smack</i>.</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh?”</p>
<p class="TX">His eyes opened wide in astonishment while Alisa swiftly leaned away and sent a scornful look his way.</p>
<p class="TX">“What are you so shocked about? It was just a little cheek kiss.”</p>
<p class="TX">“What…? I thought you only touched cheeks when you cheek-kissed…”</p>
<p class="TX">“Yes, but you also making a kissing sound when you do it.”</p>
<p class="TX">“But… Huh?”</p>
<p class="TX">That sensation… Was that her cheek or a kiss?!</p>
<p class="TX">“Anyway, see you tomorrow.”</p>
<p class="TX">“O-oh, right… See you tomorrow.”</p>
<p class="TX">Masachika was there in body but not in spirit when he watched Alisa wave good-bye and walk inside. But after he could no longer see her, he placed a hand on his cheek and crouched.</p>
<p class="TX">“Uh…?! S-seriously! Which was it?!”</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 165. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_165" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>He rubbed his still-warm cheek, desperately trying to remember the sensation, but no matter how long he thought about it, he couldn’t find a definite answer.</p>
<p class="TX">“Alyaaa! Can I at least get a hint in Russian?! Please!”</p>
<p class="TX">Masachika’s pathetic cries echoed down the dark night street.</p>
</body>
</html>