<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Wha... N-No! He did it!” Charles flinched, pointing at Alfred as he backed away.</p>

      <p>“You ordered it.”</p>

      <p>Rio continued to approach, then held his sword ready and swung it.</p>

      <p>“Eek...!” Overwhelmed, Charles was unable to move. However, Alfred stepped in front of him and stopped the blow of Rio’s sword.</p>

      <p>“Charles, retreat if you do not want to die,” Alfred said with a stern expression.</p>

      <p>“W-What?! You dare order your commander...?!”</p>

      <p>“Hurry! Did you not witness how fast he got here?!”</p>

      <p>Even at a time like this, Charles snapped back reflexively, but Alfred shot down his objection forcibly.</p>

      <p>“Guh...!” Rio swung his sword fully and sent Alfred’s body flying back, colliding with Charles along the way.</p>

      <p>“H-How dare you! K-Kill him! Someone! Anyone! Hurry and kill that man!” Charles rolled along the ground and remained there as he wailed his orders. The griffin knights in the air immediately moved in response, but Rio thrust his sword upwards. Just as he did, a tornado-like blast of wind burst forth. In a single strike of his sword, he sent all the knights in the sky scattering.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Charles was wide-eyed and speechless.</p>

      <p>“Do you understand, now? Numbers and tactics will no longer decide the outcome of this fight,” Alfred said to Charles as he faced Rio.</p>

      <p>“Then <em>you</em> do something about him! Use that sword of yours! Flash Judgment, wasn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“I would have done so already if I could... I’ll buy you time. Take the soldiers and retreat.”</p>

      <p>“...Guh!” Charles whipped around and started running towards the soldiers on the hill.</p>

      <p>“Haruto!” Sara and Alma had finally caught up and were calling Rio’s name from behind him.</p>

      <p>“Can I leave this to you? I need to capture the enemy’s commander.” Rio fixed his eyes on Alfred, who stood in the way of the fleeing Charles.</p>

      <p>“Yes!” came the reply from behind, and Rio rushed forward, but was intercepted by Alfred.</p>

      <p>Alfred’s sword immediately began glowing, then shot out light to mow down the area as he slashed with it. However, Rio released a tornado-like blast of wind to offset Alfred’s strike. Alfred continued firing slashes of light one after another. Rio did the same with his wind. It was an exchange of light and wind from the two warriors.</p>

      <p>The slashes of light consumed a lot of magic essence, so it wasn’t something that one normally used recklessly—but this was Alfred’s last resort after he sensed the gap in their abilities with his first attack. If he faced Rio with only his sword, he would lose.</p>

      <p>However, there was no change to the fact Rio’s physical abilities far surpassed his. Alfred was gradually being pushed back towards the hill.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...”</p>

      <p>At some point, Rui had made his way around to the hill where Charles had fled. He fired a lightning arrow towards Rio.</p>

      <p>Rio took a step back and cut down the arrow, then paused and looked at Rui. “...Are you going to get in my way?”</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Haruto—I haven’t seen you since the Galarc royal castle, I believe?” Rui greeted Rio.</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” Rio replied shortly.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t want to see you again like this, if possible...” Rui admitted a little awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Neither did I. If you don’t get in my way, I won’t need to attack you.”</p>

      <p>Rui gave a pained smile and shook his head slowly. “Unfortunately, I cannot allow that. I’m the hero of their kingdom, after all.”</p>

      <p>“...Then I shall do my best not to kill you,” Rio said with a sigh, his aggression waning.</p>

      <p>“Haha. I don’t want to kill you either, but I don’t think I can stop you with weak attacks.”</p>

      <p>“The attacks you’ve fired until now haven’t been a problem.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so? Then...”</p>

      <p>Rio and Rui both readied their weapons. Alfred also adjusted his grip on his sword, ready to face Rio once again.</p>

      <p>Rio closed in on Alfred, but Rui’s lightning arrow interrupted him. His aim was truly precise—it wouldn’t have been fatal if it had made contact, but it was able to limit Rio’s movements for a brief moment. Alfred wouldn’t let that moment go to waste.</p>

      <p>Now that it had come to this, Rio had to change his fighting style as well, as it was difficult to force his way through with his strength alone.</p>

      <p>“Hah!”</p>

      <p>He decided to overwhelm them with speed. Accelerating his body with wind spirit arts, he closed in on Alfred.</p>

      <p>Rio’s method of moving so quickly involved a combination of martial arts that minimized his own movements and wind spirit arts—it was a technique of Rio’s own making. The greatest merit to using it was that the excess movements of the body were practically nonexistent, which made one faster. Thanks to that, it was possible to move in a way that was almost like teleportation.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” His many long years of experience allowed Alfred to see through the faint, faint omen of an attack and respond instantaneously. But even as he stopped the attack, he was pushed backwards.</p>

      <p><em>So he was able to react to that just now...</em></p>

      <p>Rio stopped, his eyes widening faintly. Without the intent to kill, he had suppressed his acceleration a little, but even then he had charged with a considerable amount of speed. It was a speed that even elite warriors like the spirit folk village’s head warrior Uzuma or veteran warrior Gouki would have trouble reacting to.</p>

      <p>In other words, Alfred was in a league of his own.</p>

      <p>“So fast!”</p>

      <p>Rio sensed another attack from Rui and sped up again. He disappeared in an instant, surprising Rui, who had just fired another lightning arrow. But even then, the physical body enhancement from his Divine Arms adapted accordingly, firing an arrow of lightning at Rio as he moved. However, Rio moved too fast for the attacks to hit. He would disappear from his position the moment the shots were fired; he was moving too fast for Rui to fire predictively as well.</p>

      <p><em>When he’s this close, his speed makes it hard for me to do anything. Guh...</em></p>

      <p>Rui distanced himself from Rio a little to gain an advantage, then tried to snipe him. But Rio predicted that and drew closer to Rui to knock him out first.</p>

      <p>“Haaah!” However, Alfred charged at Rio to protect Rui. He still had some fight left in him after all.</p>

      <p>Rio raised his sword to engage Alfred, whose sword started glowing once again. Rio also poured magic essence into his sword to cover it with wind. Then, the two of them swung at each other, creating a tremendous shockwave. The recoil nearly knocked them backwards, but Rio remained standing where he was through the use of his ultra-enhanced physical abilities. Then, he went chasing after Alfred—who had been blown backwards—and swung his sword vertically upwards.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” Alfred was able to counter the sudden attack with his sword, but the tremendous physical strength and wind pushed him back, instantly sending him flying upwards into the air.</p>

      <p>Rui had aimed for the timing that Rio swung his sword upwards to fire his sniping shot, but his arrow was unable to find its target. No sooner had Rio swung his sword had he chased Alfred into the skies with a giant leap, using the wind from his sword to propel himself and accelerate.</p>

      <p>“What the...” Alfred watched Rio flying towards him from the ground in amazement.</p>

      <p><em>Does he plan on finishing this in the air? Then I have no choice.</em></p>

      <p>Alfred sensed that this was to be the final blow and poured the entirety of his remaining magic essence into his enchanted sword. The more essence this sword absorbed, the more powerful of a strike it could release. Thus, Alfred’s sword began glowing the brightest it had yet.</p>

      <p>Rio’s expression was stern as Alfred’s eyes focused solely on him.</p>

      <p><em>In that case, I’ll force him into submission.</em> He had planned on ending things in the next attack anyway.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile Rio also poured an extraordinary amount of essence into his sword, compressing the energy into a tremendous blast of wind. The two of them gripped their swords and took aim, then released the essence in their swords. A stream of light rushed out of Alfred’s sword, while Rio’s sword released a violent tornado. Their attacks collided.</p>

      <p>“Aah!”</p>

      <p>Light illuminated the entire area as the windstorm caused a huge explosion. Christina and the others on the ground were nearly blown away.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Amakawa defeated Alfred...” Christina witnessed the sight of Rio holding his sword in the air and a limp, unconscious Alfred. Rio was looking down at the hill, his sword tightly in his grasp. At the end of his line of sight was Charles, who had fled into the army on the hill.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!” Charles noticed Rio was staring straight at him from above and flinched.</p>

      <p>“Now!” From the ground below, Rui took aim at Rio and fired a thick arrow of lightning—which was really more like a cannon than an arrow. However, Rio was able to move freely in mid-air and evaded the attack. He moved over to where Alfred was passed out and grabbed him.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...” Unable to shoot with Alfred in the way, Rui lowered his bow. Rio descended slowly and lowered Alfred to the ground.</p>

      <p>“...Huh?” Everyone present on the battlefield watched on as he yet again disappeared without a trace. Rui had a bad feeling and lifted his bow, when suddenly, Rio was standing right before his eyes.</p>

      <p>“Tch...”</p>

      <p>It was already too late. A palm was thrust into his abdomen and he fell to his knees.</p>

      <p>“It’s over,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. You really are an amazing person... But, it may have been better to lose here.” Rui chuckled after muttering that, then let himself fall unconscious. With that, there was no one left on this battlefield that could face Rio.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio peered at the thousands beyond the hill and slowly began walking.</p>

      <p>“A-All of you! Stop him!” Charles yelled frantically, seeing Rio approaching from afar. But the soldiers’ movements lagged, and no one tried to obstruct Rio’s way. In fact, as Rio eventually reached the hill, the soldiers parted like a wave to allow him to pass.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey!” Charles looked around at the soldiers, seeking salvation, but reality was cruel indeed.</p>

      <p>“Eek!” Charles cowered at the sight of Rio drawing near. He didn’t even think to run away, understanding that attempting to do so would be futile, whether he liked it or not.</p>

      <p>“Marching here so brazenly was your mistake,” Rio said once he reached Charles.</p>

      <p>“W-What... What are you...?” Charles fell backwards onto his rear, forgetting all his anger.</p>

      <p>“Just a regular human.”</p>

      <p>“H-Human? You, a human? Hahaha. Bwahahaha...” Rio’s answer made Charles break down with laughter.</p>

      <p>“Come with me.” Rio grabbed Charles by the scruff of his neck and forcibly started dragging him back towards Christina and the others.</p>

      <p>Unsurprisingly, there was no one who could stop Rio.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>