<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Before the Border</h1>

      <p>Three days had passed since the adventurers at the post town picked a fight with Rio and the others. They had proceeded even further east and were finally approaching the border of Galarc.</p>

      <p>Before noon, the group had arrived at a walled city that functioned as a line of defense near the kingdom’s border. However, before everyone entered the city, Rio went alone to check on the state of things. Celia and the rest of the group hid themselves in the forest off the road to the west gate of the city and waited for Rio’s return. They prepared a slightly early lunch and started eating, when Rio silently appeared near them, calling out to them first so as not to scare them.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for the wait.”</p>

      <p>For the record, Sara and Alma’s contract spirits Hel and Ifrita were watching the area on the ground in their spirit forms, and Orphia’s contract spirit Ariel was on alert in material form in the air, so they would have noticed Rio’s approach. Ariel was the only one in material form because being in material form provided far greater physical abilities, such as the ability to see greater distances, increasing their search capabilities.</p>

      <p>Celia ran up to Rio once she spotted him. “Welcome back, Haruto. How was it?”</p>

      <p>“There was no wanted notice on the bulletin board of this city, either. I didn’t see any search party personnel performing any searches, but it is a walled city. There are quite a few soldiers on patrol,” Rio reported.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, they had passed through numerous cities and towns on their way to this walled city, but none of them had had the same notice.</p>

      <p>“If a walled city on the border doesn’t even have the wanted notice, then there’s no doubt that the notice from the post town was completely fabricated,” Christina declared, sighing. It was good to get more accurate information, but said information wasn’t exactly pleasant to hear.</p>

      <p>“In other words, Reiss predicted that we would pass through that post town. He should have received information about us turning back west through the adventurers we let go, but who knows how much that can fool him...” Rio furrowed his brows solemnly.</p>

      <p>“However, if we look at it from another angle, that means our actual enemy is Reiss alone. That much is certain after the lack of search parties in the places we’ve stopped at up until this point.” Vanessa gave a positive analysis contrary to the pessimistic Christina and Rio. However, Christina reacted to that with a solemn look to match Rio’s.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps that may be true for Charles, but...”</p>

      <p>The problem was Reiss. Since the incident at the post town, things had gone smoothly—too smoothly. It made Christina feel uneasy about whether they could really make it to Rodania safely.</p>

      <p>Rio also had a bad feeling about how well things were going.</p>

      <p>“...For now, our shortest goal is to cross the kingdom border before us. We’ll head for the border through the shortest route so that we don’t have to worry about the search party anymore. If we depart now, we should be able to cross the border within the day easily,” he suggested to everyone. Once they passed the walled city before them, there were no more post towns or walled cities until the border.</p>

      <p>There was only a short distance left.</p>

      <p><em>No matter what happens, we’ll move forward. Whatever Reiss has planned doesn’t change what we need to do, </em>Rio thought to refocus his mind.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After their discussion, Rio and the others headed for the walled city. Ever since the incident at the post town, they were wary of the possibility that Charles and the pursuit party knew how many of them there were. They usually split up into groups of two before going through the gates of the towns and cities they stopped at, but this time they chose to enter the city as a group of nine.</p>

      <p>If they could pass through the gate like this without a problem, that would mean they had conclusive proof that the pursuit party led by Charles was still unaware that Christina was running with a group of nine people.</p>

      <p>“We made it,” Celia said in relief once they entered the city without incident.</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s only natural. Charles probably thinks we’ve only traveled half as far as we actually have. The fact the gatekeepers are still checking hair colors makes me think we’ve outsmarted them completely,” Vanessa said, looking around at the city. The inside of the walls wasn’t strictly guarded, bustling with people in what seemed to be the picture of serenity.</p>

      <p>Rio walked at the head of the party with Celia close beside him, followed by Christina and Vanessa, then Kouta and Rei, and finally Sara, Orphia, and Alma in a long line as they proceeded from the west of the main street to the east. Out of caution for the presence of the pursuit party, Christina, Vanessa, Kouta, and Rei covered their faces with hoods. Everyone else had their hoods down as they walked.</p>

      <p>Celia and the spirit folk girls’ appearances did draw attention, but there were many pedestrians, so the most people could manage was a double or triple take. There were some people who bumped into others and couples that bickered briefly about it, but it was mostly uneventful.</p>

      <p>Thus, they walked straight down the main street from the west gate to the east gate and stepped out onto the road.</p>

      <p>After leaving the east gate, Rio stared down the road to the border and turned to the party. “All right, let’s go. We should cross the border in about an hour’s time on foot. Our formation will be the same as usual: I’ll take the lead and Sara’s group will surround Her Highness and Celia.”</p>

      <p>Rio, Sara, Orphia and Alma formed a diamond formation and walked with caution directed in every direction.</p>

      <p>The weather was clear, so there were others leaving the east gate to head for the kingdom border just like them. Their view of their surroundings was clear, but in ten minutes’ time, the city behind them could no longer be seen.</p>

      <p><em>There’s surprisingly few people heading from Galarc to Beltrum. Well, with the kingdom being in the state it is, I doubt many would come here voluntarily... </em>Rio thought to himself. When he looked around them, all he could see were the adventurers that had left the walled city at practically the same time as them.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, four adventurers appeared in front of them, walking from the opposite direction. Three were armed with swords, and the fourth was a slender man whose face was covered by a hood.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, please keep to the left,” Rio directed the party. It was polite to stick to one side of the road so that others could pass along the other side in cases like this; it was a worldly wisdom that prevented a lot of trouble when people were traveling.</p>

      <p>However, the slender, hooded man purposefully cut in front of them and stopped them from moving any further.</p>

      <p>“...Please halt,” Rio ordered the party without turning to look. Celia and the others behind him came to a complete stop. Meanwhile, the three remaining men on the other side started surrounding their group.</p>

      <p>“Why, what a coincidence this is,” the hooded man said. His voice was familiar.</p>

      <p>“Reiss, huh?” Rio immediately drew the sword at his waist and glared at Reiss. Sara and the others behind him had also drawn their weapons, pointing them at the three male adventurers who similarly had their swords drawn.</p>

      <p>“Oh? You’re less surprised than I expected,” Reiss said, wide-eyed.</p>

      <p>“We knew from that wanted notice that you were trying to locate us. We tried to camouflage our route, but we were prepared to be attacked at any moment.”</p>

      <p>“Haha, I see. You really are a terrifying person.”</p>

      <p>“You don’t look like you actually think that in the slightest.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not true. I find you scary.”</p>

      <p>“...You showed yourself rather boldly, if that was true. Is your aim Princess Christina’s life?” Rio asked flatly with a cold glare.</p>

      <p>“Hehe.” A fearless smile tugged at Reiss’ mouth.</p>

      <p>“There’s something I want to ask you before I defeat you here.”</p>

      <p>There was no point in asking anything else. Rio braced his sword.</p>

      <p>“Is it about our captain, Lucius? Or is it about your past... Oh my, that’s dangerous.” Reiss chuckled with scorn. However, Rio slashed at him mid-sentence, making him take a large leap backwards.</p>

      <p>“There’s no telling what you’re scheming, after all. I’ll listen to what you have to say after I beat you.” Rio glared at Reiss sharply.</p>

      <p>“Now, don’t be like that. I’ve even gone and brought out members of the Heavenly Lions for you today. They’re the subordinates of that man you’re so familiar with, and they’re all quite skilled. I’m sure they’ll be a good match for your girls,” Reiss said casually, looking at Arein, Lucci, and Ven who were all glaring at Sara and the others.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. Play with us a little, ladies,” Lucci said to Alma, whom he was facing.</p>

      <p>“Don’t play around. Act seriously,” Ven said, facing Orphia.</p>

      <p>“So, you’re my opponent. You sure seem strong.” Arein laughed boldly as he taunted Sara.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>The girls didn’t respond to their taunts, and instead silently watched for their opponent’s first moves. The two sides were roughly five meters apart. They knew that whoever stepped forward first would mark the immediate start of the battle.</p>

      <p><em>Training and ability aside, Sara and the girls are overwhelmingly lacking in combat experience against people who have intentions to kill. Their opponents are humans that will kill without hesitation. We also have to protect Professor Celia and Princess Christina on our side. Depending on their abilities, we may be forced into a tough fight.</em></p>

      <p>In this situation, Rio couldn’t wander too far from Celia or Christina. He put several meters distance between himself and Reiss, thinking about Sara and the others behind him.</p>

      <p>“Four capable fighters glaring at each other. Well, a situation like this would inevitably end in a stalemate. However, what if we had more allies on our side?” Reiss said with a grin.</p>

      <p><em>What...?</em> Rio furrowed his brows dubiously. The only ones there were Rio, Reiss, and their respective parties. Other than that—</p>

      <p><em>Don’t tell me...</em></p>

      <p>The adventurers who had left the walled city at the same time as them were still there. They had been watching when Rio and the others were suddenly caught in a tense situation on the road, but Rio anticipated that these men were the allies Reiss just mentioned. There were roughly ten of them.</p>

      <p>“All right! Everyone, charge!” Lucci yelled.</p>

      <p>“<em>Augendae Corporis</em>! Raaaah!” The men on the road all chanted a spell at once, drawing their swords and began charging toward the formation Rio’s party had set up.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” The party was taken aback. Among them, the first one to react was Rio.</p>

      <p>“What?!” He cut in front of the adventurers closest to him, swinging his sword to create a huge gale to blow the men away.</p>

      <p>“Sara, Orphia, Alma! Take Celia and Her Highness through the gaps in their formation and go on ahead! I’ll handle this!” he ordered.</p>

      <p>“But...” Sara and the others hesitated.</p>

      <p>“Like I’d let you!” Lucci yelled as he slashed at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Silence.” Rio flicked his sword horizontally towards Lucci. The two of them clashed, sword against sword.</p>

      <p>“W-Whoa... Oh, damn!” Lucci’s body was easily blown ten meters away. If he hadn’t been holding an enchanted sword and had his body enhanced with sorcery, the force would have cut his sword and torso in half.</p>

      <p>“Is this guy for real? Just what kind of body enhancement sorcery is he using?” Lucci gave a stiff smile as he shook it off. The charging adventurers who witnessed the blow came to an abrupt halt.</p>

      <p>“Hey! What are you slacking off for?! You’ll be killed!” Arein yelled suddenly. While they were standing around, Rio had already moved on to target the next adventurer, sending several men flying away with another blast of wind.</p>

      <p>“Quickly, everyone!” Rio ordered Sara.</p>

      <p>“E-Everyone, this way! Alma, Orphia, you two take the rear!” Sara snapped to her senses and started rushing through the gaps Rio made in the enemy circle. Celia and the others followed her.</p>

      <p>“Lucci, Ven! Don’t let your guard down. This is the guy that got the better of our leader. You’ll die if you’re not careful! Use everything you’ve got! <em>Augendae Corporis</em>!” Arein yelled, chanting a spell before charging at Rio. A physical body enhancement via spirit arts and a physical ability enchantment through magic or sorcery. Normally, it was impossible for the latter to surpass the former in terms of physical abilities, but—</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Rio briefly gazed in wonder. Arein’s speed had been dramatically increased with <em>Augendae Corporis.</em> In fact, it was a speed on par with a body strengthening spirit art that would’ve used up a fair amount of magic essence.</p>

      <p><em>It’s not just a normal Augendae Corporis?</em> Rio thought, receiving Arein’s attack.</p>

      <p>“Blocking that with such a composed look...” Arein’s expression was strained.</p>

      <p>“<em>Augendae Corporis</em>!” Lucci and Ven both chanted. A geometric-patterned magic circle appeared, wrapping around their bodies.</p>

      <p>“I hate how this makes my whole body ache!”</p>

      <p>“It’s better than dying!”</p>

      <p>Lucci and Ven both charged at Rio from different directions.</p>

      <p>Their speeds were equivalent to Arein. Lucci must have also enhanced his physical body with his enchanted sword earlier, as his current speed was significantly faster.</p>

      <p>“The three of us will hold this guy back! All of you, catch the ones that got away!” Lucci ordered the remaining adventurers. They began pursuing Sara and the others.</p>

      <p><em>So they’ve enhanced their physical abilities with magic on top of strengthening their bodies with their enchanted swords...</em></p>

      <p>Rio found it to be reckless. It was a so-called double enchantment—sure, doing so would allow them to surpass the physical ability boost that the enchanted sword allowed them, but it would place a huge burden on their bodies.</p>

      <p>However, the effect was remarkable, as it allowed Arein, Lucci, and Ven to press Rio back when they teamed up.</p>

      <p>“Master Reiss, we can’t last long over here!” Arein yelled. Rio used the faint moment of distraction from Arein and the others to slip past them, rushing over to the adventurers pursuing Celia’s group in an instant. However—</p>

      <p>“I won’t let you do that.” Reiss moved at an equally impressive speed, firing several high-speed balls of light towards Rio, who was closing in on the adventurers.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” Rio swung his sword, erasing the ball of light. However, Reiss’ attack didn’t end there. Without even chanting a spell, he continued to freely create balls of light and fire them towards Rio. The orbs rained down like a storm, but Rio weaved between them in a zigzag trajectory to magnificently evade them all.</p>

      <p>“Goodness me, what a tremendous reaction speed,” Reiss muttered in awe. Then, Arein, Lucci, and Ven appeared.</p>

      <p>“My apologies, Master Reiss,” Arein apologized.</p>

      <p>“This won’t do. You have to hold him here properly,” Reiss said in exasperation.</p>

      <p>“The bastard started moving at a ridiculous speed,” said Lucci.</p>

      <p>“He’s manipulating the wind to accelerate. From what I can see, it appears to be an application of flying spirit arts, but it is quite the reckless approach. The slightest mistake could send you hurtling into an obstacle for quite a lot of damage, so you’d need a powerful body enhancement going at the same time—it’s not a technique I’d consider possible for a human to use. Let’s see, if I were to try it...”</p>

      <p>Reiss trailed off and disappeared instantly. The next moment—</p>

      <p>“Wha?!”</p>

      <p>Rio also disappeared.</p>

      <p>The destination of the two who had disappeared was where Celia and the others were currently fleeing. They were over 50 meters away, but they traveled that distance in an instant.</p>

      <p>Rio barely managed to get in front of Reiss and wedged himself before the group. Once he did, Reiss came to a sudden stop as well.</p>

      <p>“W-When did he...”</p>

      <p>They had been running with their physical abilities enchanted by magic. Yet, Rio and Reiss had suddenly appeared from behind them, which came as a shock to Kouta and Rei. Christina and Vanessa also stared, wide-eyed.</p>

      <p>“Ah, it seems like I’m no match in terms of speed, as expected. That aside, are you really human?” Reiss ignored the shock of Christina and the others as he looked at Rio with a cool expression.</p>

      <p>“What does that make you, then?” Rio asked back plainly.</p>

      <p>“Haha.” Reiss laughed eerily. Arein, Lucci, and Ven all caught up once again.</p>

      <p>“Wouldn’t it have been better for you to take on this bastard from the start, Master Reiss?” Arein asked tiredly.</p>

      <p>“In all probability, I would have lost. But, well, I suppose that isn’t a bad idea,” Reiss boasted in an arrogant tone.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio remained silent as he stared at Reiss with a sharp gaze.</p>

      <p>“My, my. I thought I had grabbed you by surprise with my movement technique just now, but it seems we’re back at square one. What a terrifying person indeed.” Reiss shook his head in disappointment.</p>

      <p>“Orphia, please take Celia and the others and go on ahead. Alma and I will remain here to support Haruto,” Sara ordered as she stood alongside Rio. She held a dagger in each hand and was braced for battle.</p>

      <p>“Got it.” With a nod, Alma held her mace in her hand at the ready and stood beside Rio, too.</p>

      <p>“Sara...” Rio frowned apologetically.</p>

      <p>“Reiss’ power seems to be equal to the higher-ranked warriors of our village. And those three men over there can put up a fair fight against Haruto. It only makes sense for us to remain here, in case all four of them try to attack at the same time,” Sara said firmly.</p>

      <p>“...Thank you. Could the two of you lend me your strength, then? I’ll take on Reiss,” Rio said gratefully to them, lifting his sword.</p>

      <p>“Of course. Alma and I will handle the rest,” Sara said. Arein and the others furrowed their brows at being lumped together with the group of adventurers.</p>

      <p>“Orphia, I entrust Celia and Her Highness to you. Cross the border if you can.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, leave it to me! Let’s go, everyone!” Orphia said, urging Celia and Christina and the others to depart again. Celia turned back for a brief moment.</p>

      <p>“Haruto, Sara, Alma! Win!” she said.</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>“Yes!”</p>

      <p>The three shouted back. At that, Celia turned and ran after Orphia, with Kouta and Rei in tow. Christina stopped to say something to them, but—</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina, hurry!” Vanessa urged.</p>

      <p>“...Right.” Christina began running with a somewhat pained expression.</p>

      <p>“Good grief,” Reiss said, smiling for some reason. “Arein, Lucci, Ven, and everyone else. Please entertain those ladies over there. It’s irritating, but I shall take on the boy,” he said.</p>

      <p>“Right. Now that we’ve been treated as the accessories, our reputation is on the line,” Arein said with a hostile expression.</p>

      <p>“Let’s teach them some manners,” Lucci agreed.</p>

      <p>“I’m relying on you, then,” Reiss said, before suddenly disappearing once again. Immediately afterwards—</p>

      <p><em>Above</em>.</p>

      <p>Rio followed Reiss’s movements and leaped up into the sky. One beat later, a violent exchange of blows began in the air, rumbling with a tremendous sound.</p>

      <p>“Wow, he’s one outrageous monster. I can see why the captain was seriously wounded.” Lucci looked up at the sky in exasperation.</p>

      <p>“I’ve always thought we hadn’t seen Master Reiss’ true potential, but to think it was this much...” Ven muttered in reverence.</p>

      <p>“Don’t tell me you two are on par with that monster, too.” Arein looked at Sara and Alma.</p>

      <p>“Rest assured, the two of us are weaker than Rio,” Sara noted.</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” Alma agreed.</p>

      <p>“However, we’re not weak enough to lose to you,” Sara added, provoking Arein and his group.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>“Let’s see, then...”</p>

      <p>Without any signal at all, Arein and Lucci leaped at Sara and Alma simultaneously. They closed the distance in one bound and slashed at the two of them.</p>

      <p>“Hah!” Sara used her two daggers while Alma used her mace to parry the attacks.</p>

      <p>“Ha, so you CAN put up a fight!” Lucci smiled with hostility.</p>

      <p>“Do you have the leisure to be smiling?” Alma asked plainly, putting her weight into her mace.</p>

      <p>The clash of their weapons sent Lucci flying. He soared several meters through the air and landed on the ground, wincing as he yelled. “W-What?! Whoa there... H-Hey hey, this tiny brat has just as much brute strength as that bastard!”</p>

      <p>Elder dwarves were born with musculature that differed from humans. Even the petite and dainty Alma had enough hidden strength to far surpass the large-framed Lucci.</p>

      <p>“How savage.” Alma gripped her mace and went to pursue Lucci, but—</p>

      <p>“I won’t let you! Ngh!” Ven intervened to stop Alma’s advance. However, after seeing the brute strength that she displayed with Lucci earlier, he decided to parry the heavy blow by leaping backwards. Even then, he grimaced at the burden placed on his arms.</p>

      <p>“You don’t seem to have as much power as that tiny one,” Arein analyzed while exchanging blows with Sara.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. My strength is in my speed, so.” Sara nodded without showing any vexation and stepped back. Then, she stepped to the right.</p>

      <p>“Hah, I can see you clearly, though! ...What?!”</p>

      <p>Arein responded to Sara’s movements and tried to cut around her with a smug smile. But before he knew it, Sara had stepped to the left, luring Arein’s body into reflexively heading left. Using that brief opening, Sara stepped right once again and slashed at Arein.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>