<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Orphia imagined herself speaking so casually to Rio and laughed shyly.</p>

      <p>“Let’s get cooking.”</p>

      <p>“Right.” Orphia nodded earnestly.</p>

      <p>Then, Rio went back to the backpack and took out two thin metal sheets. Each sheet had a spell formula design on its surface. He placed them on the work table Celia had made and put the pot on top of one of them.</p>

      <p>After placing several enchanted gems around the sheet, the spell formula absorbed the essence from the gems and started to release light and heat. This metal sheet was a magic artifact that could be used to control heat in place of a stove. Once a frying pan and some ingredients were also removed from the backpack, they were ready to start their food preparation.</p>

      <p>First, vegetable oil and spices were added into the pan with some vegetables and mushrooms they harvested while they walked. Once the mushrooms were soft, slices of dried meat were added. After the flavor of the dried meat seeped into the mushrooms, the heat would be turned off and the contents served onto a plate. Half of this was then given to Orphia to make into soup.</p>

      <p>Rio took the now-empty frying pan and added butter and diced onions, heating it until it was soft before adding the barley to fry it.</p>

      <p>“Amazing. It’s evident you’re very skilled at this. What is it that you’re making?” Christina asked in awe, having watched them as they went about their preparations.</p>

      <p>“This is a type of food called porridge.”</p>

      <p>“Porridge, you say?” Christina cocked her head at Rio’s answer.</p>

      <p>“It isn’t a type of food that nobility would come across, so I’m not surprised you haven’t heard of it before. You fry the barley in oil before adding water to boil it.”</p>

      <p>“It smells good. I can’t wait to try it.” Christina’s nose twitched as she sniffed the air before smiling.</p>

      <p>After that, once the barley had been heated to a suitable degree, a small amount of alcohol was added to further fry it. All that was left was to add the solid pseudo-bouillon that had been preserved in a container while making the stew at the inn last night, then boil the water in the pot and melt the bouillon for the flavor to seep in.</p>

      <p><em>...It feels like she’s standing oddly close.</em></p>

      <p>Rio felt a little uncomfortable from Christina’s gaze, who was standing at a distance neither too close nor too far to watch them. Every now and then she looked like she wanted to say something, but she didn’t ask anything other than what they were making.</p>

      <p><em>It doesn’t seem like she’s observing me, though.</em></p>

      <p>If anything, it seemed like a rather hesitant gaze, as though she was gauging his expressions.</p>

      <p><em>Is it because she’s realized my identity after all? But if so, wouldn’t she normally act more guarded...?</em></p>

      <p>Rio recalled the standoffish image Christina had in his academy days.</p>

      <p><em>She seems to have changed a lot—she’s much softer now than she was back then.</em></p>

      <p>Back then, she always seemed to be irritated and consistently distanced herself from others. So much so, they never exchanged a single conversation while he had been there. Perhaps that was why...</p>

      <p><em>It feels kind of strange having her so close by.</em></p>

      <p>It wasn’t a bad thing, but it felt strange after having such a strong image of her past self. Just why was she standing so close and watching him so curiously?</p>

      <p>Rio tried to think about it, but he didn’t understand. Since thinking any further wouldn’t help answer his question, he decided to focus silently on making the food before him instead.</p>

      <p>The barley had absorbed the moisture well, so the heat was turned off before the contents of the frying pan began to scorch. Then, the mushroom and dried meat was added back into the pan and mixed well with salt and pepper for seasoning, before shredded cheese was finally added.</p>

      <p>“It’s done.” The barley cheese risotto was completed.</p>

      <p>“I’m done as well.” Orphia finished the soup at just that moment. An appetizing smell wafted from the pot. Cheese risotto with mushroom and wild vegetable soup. It would normally be considered a treat to eat such a thing while camping outdoors.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, while Rio had been cooking, Celia had prepared a wonderful dining space. There was a dining table and enough seats for everyone.</p>

      <p>Everyone started gathering, drawn by the delicious scent.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, isn’t this risotto?! What grain did you use for it?!” Kouta asked, excitement in his eyes.</p>

      <p>“It’s barley.”</p>

      <p>“Barley, hmm? So that’s how...”</p>

      <p>“There’s a thing called <em>barley and rice</em>, after all.”</p>

      <p>At Rio’s answer, Kouta and Rei’s eyes widened. They were just like the others that had come from Japan and missed rice too. For the record, Kouta’s barley had been in the language of that world, but Rei’s <em>barley and rice</em> had been in Japanese—<em>mugimeshi</em>.</p>

      <p>“<em>Mugimeshi</em>?” Christina finally spoke up. She was cocking her head at the unfamiliar word.</p>

      <p>“It’s a type of grain. The main grain that’s eaten in Kouta’s world is called rice, and it’s very similar in shape to barley. The taste and texture is different to barley, but similar dishes can be prepared,” Rio explained to Christina about barley and rice.</p>

      <p>“You’re very knowledgeable... Ah, I see. You must have heard it from that Miharu person,” Kouta said.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Though limited, there are parts of Strahl where rice is cultivated. I don’t have any on hand right now, but I’d be happy to treat you if there’s an opportunity in the future.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really?!” Kouta jumped up eagerly.</p>

      <p>“Yes. But for now, you’ll have to make do with barley risotto. Let’s dig in while it’s still hot,” Rio agreed with a smile, then urged them all to begin eating.</p>

      <p>“Right, right. This is a treat! It looks really delicious, I can’t wait!”</p>

      <p>“Yup, it smells really nice.”</p>

      <p>Kouta and Rei both said excitedly.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yum!”</p>

      <p>“Whoa. The cheese is so thick.”</p>

      <p>Kouta and Rei—who knew what a risotto was—praised the food first. After giving their opinions on the first bite, they spent the rest of the time absorbed in eating.</p>

      <p>Christina also carried the spoon to her mouth elegantly before blinking in surprise. “Even though the cheese is so rich in taste, it doesn’t feel heavy at all. Impressive,” she offered.</p>

      <p>“In order to remove the unique scent barley produces when water is added, the barley is first fried with alcohol. After it’s fried, the recommended order is to soak the barley in soup before finally adding the cheese. That way, the taste of the cheese is condensed,” Rio explained.</p>

      <p>“So you first remove the unnecessary flavors from the ingredients, then add the flavors that you want. I see... There’s a lot of thought behind it. And the result is truly delicious...”</p>

      <p>Christina hummed in awe before taking another bite of the risotto to savor the taste. Her mouth softened faintly in a bitter and fleeting way.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>