<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter001">
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter001">PROLOGUE</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">It happened six months ago.</p>
<p>The countless red lights flickering in the darkness were despair given form.</p>
<p>“What’s going on?! Why are they hatching all of a sudden?!”</p>
<p>“Elfiné, we need a status report—”</p>
<p>“Thirteen, seventeen, nineteen, twenty-one, twenty-eight… This can’t be, how…?!”</p>
<p>Elfiné focused on getting a handle on the situation, despite the chaotic state of her squad. As an elite unit that represented the academy, they had been tasked with investigating a Void Hive. It should have been no different from past missions.</p>
<p>It wasn’t that they were careless. The seventh platoon, led by Liat Guinness the Blazing Lion, would never act recklessly in the heart of the Void’s territory.</p>
<p>No, they had simply been unlucky.</p>
<p>Everything had happened so swiftly. Elfiné’s Eye of the Witch hadn’t even detected signs. The first to hatch was a specimen that resembled a cross between a gigantic insect and a lizard. And by the time the platoon was aware of it, their vanguard, Zack, was decapitated.</p>
<p>It was only the group’s rigorous training that kept them from screaming when they saw Zack’s head fly off. The platoon captain, Liat, reacted promptly and appropriately, ordering a swift retreat. They attempted to escape via a route they’d set up ahead of time. While they made their departure, Elfiné received a request for aid from an allied platoon. That’s when—</p>
<p>“■■■■■■■■■■■!”</p>
<p>—the Void specimen that slew Zack let out a dissonant screech, which acted as an intense EMP, rendering the platoon’s magical apparatuses inoperable.</p>
<p><em>Crack… Crack… Crack…!</em></p>
<p>The sound of something crystalline fracturing echoed. It was the reverberating noise of despair.</p>
<p>“Lesca and I will make a way forward. Elfiné, cover us!”</p>
<p>Liat’s Holy Sword incinerated a newly hatched small Void. Unfortunately, there was no preventing more of the monstrous things from emerging. Thirty-four of them, thirty-seven, forty-one, forty-two, forty-three, forty-four… It was a nightmare. A small-scale Void Stampede.</p>
<p>“…Eye of the Witch, Mode Shift…!” Elfiné tried to switch her Holy Sword over to its offensive mode.</p>
<p>“Finé!”</p>
<p>Before she had the chance, however, Lesca tugged on her arm and pulled her down to the floor. No sooner had Elfiné hit the ground than a Void’s scything arm cleaved Lesca through.</p>
<p>“Lesca… No… Lesca… Aaaaaaah…!”</p>
<p>Watching another of her companions fall right before her eyes caused Elfiné’s mind to go blank. Her Holy Sword’s orbs, which had been deployed around her, faded away.</p>
<p>“Elfiné, get up! Elfiné—”</p>
<p>Liat tugged on Elfiné’s arm and led her away. She couldn’t remember what happened next.</p>
<p class="space-break">Two Holy Swordsmen died during an investigation on a newly excavated Void Hive. And on that same day, Elfiné Phillet lost part of her Holy Sword’s power.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>