<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter024">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter024">CHAPTER 9</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter024">THE UNDEAD KING</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">“Grooooh… Aaaaaaaagh!”</p>
<p>The broadsword came hurtling down, belching fire. Riselia brought up her Bloody Sword to meet it.</p>
<p><span class="special">“Selia, dodge!”</span></p>
<p>“…!”</p>
<p>Riselia leaped back a few steps. The spot where she’d been standing a moment earlier suddenly exploded.</p>
<p><em>Boooooooooooooom!</em></p>
<p>The blast roared as smoke filled the air, obscuring Riselia’s vision. Flames burned intensely, rolling up into the breeze and forming a whirlwind. Had Riselia tried to parry, she’d have been caught up in the explosion.</p>
<p><em>His Holy Sword has that much power…?!</em></p>
<p>In order to win the inter-platoon training matches, Riselia had memorized the Holy Sword data of other platoons, and especially those belonging to ace members.</p>
<p>Liat the Blazing Lion’s Holy Sword, the Prominence Sword, was a weapon that had incinerated too many Voids to count. Yet, as far as Riselia knew, it never had the strength to make the ground burst like that.</p>
<p><span class="special">“Selia, he consumed his partners’ Holy Swords.”</span> An Eye of the Witch orb appeared out of the smoke and spoke in Elfiné’s voice.</p>
<p>“Consumed…their Holy Swords?”</p>
<p><span class="special">“Yes. I can hardly believe it myself, but…”</span></p>
<p>Glowing numbers and text began rapidly running around Elfiné’s orb. It was analyzing Liat’s Holy Sword’s ability.</p>
<p><span class="special">“That just now was Gazetta’s Flare Bomb ability, and Irma’s ability was…”</span></p>
<p><em>Whoosh!</em></p>
<p>The flaming broadsword cleaved through the air and was rapidly closing in on Riselia. She dodged, her hair billowing as she moved. The attack had been close enough to singe the ends of her locks. Those flames were fatal. An undead body could recover for as long as it had mana, but restoring burns would take a considerable amount of time.</p>
<p>“Haaah!”</p>
<p>Riselia gathered mana in her legs and then unleashed it, thrusting the tip of her sword forward. However, Liat deflected the attack.</p>
<p><em>He’s strong!</em> Riselia thought as she quickly took a few steps back.</p>
<p>Since infancy, Riselia had studied the sword fighting styles of knights. Recently, she’d been training under the skeleton swordsman Amilas. Even with all her efforts, there was a palpable difference between her and Liat. Sakuya was likely the only one who could match him in raw skill.</p>
<p><em>I guess I have no choice…</em></p>
<p>Riselia nicked her arm with her blade, allowing droplets of blood to drip to the ground. The red liquid formed a spiral that rapidly enveloped her limbs. A moment later, a crimson dress manifested over her body.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>