<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 5</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter001c">
<p class="orn0">*&#160;&#160;&#160;*&#160;&#160;&#160;*</p>
<p class="space-break0"><span class="merge__be">Her draconic pupils burst wide, her wings fully extended, Milim shouted:</span></p>
<p class="space-break"><span class="merge__be">“Drago-Nova!!”</span></p>
<p class="space-break"><span class="y">The blast of light was thin, beautiful, reminiscent of the twinkling of stars. It rained down upon both the castle and the townscape that surrounded it, and remained soundless as it disappeared. The frequency it emitted reached beyond a human’s auditory range, which, along with the accompanying shock wave, was enough to fully destroy everything visible to the naked eye. Anything exposed to the light was helpless as it was ruthlessly disintegrated.</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">It was the ultimate in magic, the strongest in existence, and it was one main reason why Milim had always stood at the peak of all the battles she had fought over her many years.</span></p>
<p class="space-break"><em>That’s insane!!</em></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">Carillon just barely managed to flee above Milim in time. The fact that Drago-Nova had launched out in the direction she faced saved his life again—but the sight under him now made him lose all his words. The town, built of simple stone structures that integrated well with the local landscape, was completely erased.</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">This was Milim Nava, the Destroyer. A demon lord with whom you absolutely never engaged in conflict. Now Carillon had to admit it: His parents had been right. This was doomed. She was in too different a dimension.</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">But—</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">“But I wonder if there’s…”</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">“You wonder if there’s what? I’d like to know.”</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">Carillon could feel a thin blade touching the back of his neck. He sensed another woman there, flying in from behind. It was Frey the Sky Queen, the demon lord who held absolute rule over the heavenly skies. Now Carillon realized why Milim hadn’t bothered to hide her overwhelming aura. It provided Frey all the cover she needed to make her approach undetected.</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">“Ngh, Frey… Not you, too…?!”</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">“Not me what, exactly? Would you mind taking the time to explain?”</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">Frey moved her hand—and Carillon’s consciousness went dark.</span></p>
<p class="space-break"><span class="merge__be">It was the worst day in the history of Eurazania, one that would later be referred to by the assorted lycanthropes who called it home as the Day of Ruin.</span></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>