<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="fr" xml:lang="fr">
<head>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 5</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter003d">
<p class="orn0">*&#160;&#160;&#160;*&#160;&#160;&#160;*</p>
<p class="space-break0"><span class="merge__be">The conference began in the meeting hall, minus Shuna and Shion.</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">“All right,” declared Benimaru. “Are we all ready? It is time to call for Sir Rimuru!”</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">He launched the Thought Communication.</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">Nothing happened.</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">The line was silent.</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">“I—I can’t connect to Sir Rimuru…?!”</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">The whisper from Benimaru plunged the meeting hall into silence. Silence then gave way to panic. The hall bustled with worried faces and hurried speech. Even Benimaru, who was scarcely ever rattled, instantly turned pale. That was how much Rimuru’s silence filled them with a sense of impending doom.</span></p>
<p class="space-break"><span class="merge__be">It was around that moment when Mjurran’s incantation reached its completion.</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="y">In an instant, all magic disappeared, throwing the entire town into a state of chaos. The townspeople moved to evacuate their panicked guests, but the effort didn’t last—or, really, wasn’t even possible. Because alongside Mjurran’s high magic, another secret spell launched itself—Prison Field, the result of extended research on the part of Archbishop Reyhiem. It worked on the same principle as Holy Field, the spell used on an official basis by the Church’s crusader teams, but modified so even the less-experienced Temple Knights could set it off if several of them worked together.</span></p>
<p class="m"><span class="merge__be">The buildings sagged down, creaking painfully. The merchants ran for cover, the adventurers trying to protect them. Some basked in the mayhem; others tried to save the town from it. The multiple factors tangled together to spread chaos, creating a day of disaster unlike any Tempest had seen before.</span></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>