<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="fr" lang="fr">
<head>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 6</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>
<meta http-equiv="default-style" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>

<script xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" type="text/javascript" src="../Misc/kobo.js"></script>
<style xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" type="text/css" id="koboSpanStyle">.koboSpan { -webkit-text-combine: inherit; }</style>

</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section id="chapter011h" class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter">
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.1.1">Too bad, though.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.2.1">“Didn’t I just tell you? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.2.2">You’re cornered. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.2.3">That attack won’t do a thing. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.2.4">Projectiles don’t work on me.”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.3.1">Belzebuth gobbled up that massive energy blast, leaving our surroundings completely unaffected. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.3.2">Clayman’s scheme bit the dust hard.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.4.1">“…Whaaaa?!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.5.1">It surprised Clayman enough to leave himself open—just long enough for me to snap my fingers. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.5.2">At that instant, a Barrier erected itself over the two of us, a kind of imitation of the one Guy built.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.6.1">“So he’s stealing my skills?” </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.6.2">a bemused but unangered Guy asked. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.6.3">“Talk about shameless.”</span></p>
<p><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.7.1">Now</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.8.1">, I calmly thought, </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.9.1">I can consume Clayman with confidence. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.9.2">Man, my thought processes are getting more and more evil by the day, aren’t they? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.9.3">Because I’m a monster, maybe?</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.10.1"> I wasn’t shirking the idea of eating him up at all. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.10.2">Or was it because I’m a demon lord now? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.10.3">Ah, it doesn’t matter.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.11.1">“Wh-what? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.11.2">What happened…?”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.12.1">Clayman could no longer hide his confusion. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.12.2">The biggest, proudest attack he had was wiped away in an instant, and his brain hadn’t caught up to that yet. </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.13.1">Like, how many times do I have to say it? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.13.2">You’re already cornered. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.13.3">The moment someone with your level of talent took me on, your future was cast in stone. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.13.4">It’s so important, isn’t it, to fully gauge your abilities against those of your opponent?</span></em></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.14.1">“Look, if you’re gonna be serious about this, make it fast. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.14.2">I’ll wait for you. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.14.3">Or were you thinking about ducking out of this chamber while that attack exploded all over us?”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.15.1">It was a fully rhetorical question I was cornering him with. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.15.2">Talk about disrespecting your fellow man. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.15.3">Well, I’m a slime now, so it’s all right.</span></p>
<p class="space-break"><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.16.1">I mean, Clayman was still screwing with me. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.16.2">He was on high alert, watching for what I’d do next, but he was still a wimp about it.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.17.1">Just as Raphael expected, getting awakened didn’t do all that much to change him. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.17.2">He had a ton more magical energy, but that was it. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.17.3">Apparently, he hadn’t obtained any ability to control it or new skills to take advantage of it with. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.17.4">His “awakening” was a far different thing from mine. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.17.5">Me, I could use Mind Accelerate to speed up my brain a million times until it felt like time stopped. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.17.6">I could even cast spells in that state, making it look like I could just </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.18.1">think</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.19.1"> of a magic spell to set it off.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.20.1">Kneading together a big ball of magic was a terribly inefficient use of my time, so I didn’t opt for that here. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.20.2">Unlike a full spell, which could be conceived and cast through one’s will (or knowledge, in other words), controlling one’s aura always led to a time lag. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.20.3">Of course, I could handle that because I had Cast Cancel and All of Creation. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.20.4">No matter how long and intricate a spell was, living life a million times slower than normal made it simple. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.20.5">One second, after all, now felt like two hundred and seventy-seven hours. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.20.6">Even the fanciest of spells could be pulled off in less than a day, so that meant I could trigger them in less than a tenth of a second. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.20.7">With regular magic, it was simple for me to set off multiples at the same time, even.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.21.1">Thus, if I were in Clayman’s shoes, I’d use multiple layers of magic to throw the chamber into confusion, then attempt to run as fast as I could. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.21.2">He didn’t choose that, which meant he didn’t have the strength for it. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.21.3">He hadn’t even noticed that I built a barrier around us—one that cut off any escape route. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.21.4">If he wanted to get out, he’d have to do it over my dead body.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.22.1">Whether he was aware of this or not, the atmosphere around Clayman began to change.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.23.1">“Heh…heh-heh-heh… A mere slime with a big mouth, I see. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.23.2">You are strong, I will admit that much. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.23.3">But I am capable of far more than this!!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.24.1">He had changed tactics to the first scenario—a desperate bull rush to kill me. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.24.2">Giving up the escape, revealing his full force to the demon lords… A risky bet, to be sure, but it gave him a winning chance. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.24.3">Surrounded by a bunch of lords who believed that strength was everything, it’d even be a chance to write off all his previous crimes.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.25.1">Assuming, of course, he could beat me.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.26.1">“You seem confident in your aura-control abilities, but do you think you could deal with this? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.26.2">Here we go—my most powerful hidden skill! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.26.3">Demon Blaster!!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.27.1">After that long speech to throw off my game, he put his feelers to the ground, stretching them out around me, and then released.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.28.1">The attack harnessed the ley lines under the ground, stacking them together and mixing in his own magicules to amplify them, then released it as a destabilizing ray of light. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.28.2">That was the long and short of it, and anyone caught in it would have their arrangement of magicules thrown into chaos, destroying them from the inside. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.28.3">Physical resistance would be useless, and even a magical Barrier would be instantly smashed.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.29.1">This was the natural enemy of any monster, and I had to hand it to him—this was real demon lord stuff. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.29.2">But it didn’t work on me.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.30.1">“Swallow it all down, Belzebuth…”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.31.1">The Demon Blaster light beam looked like a herd of dragons rising up from the ground—but now they were caught up in a rift before they could reach me, screaming their last as they were sucked inside. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.31.2">There was no escape, almost like a black hole that consumed all light around it.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.32.1">“Forget it, Clayman. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.32.2">You’re weaker than me.”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.33.1">I had to crush him. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.33.2">Crush him and hopefully make him reveal something about his patron. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.33.3">The best way to do that was via terror.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.34.1">“No… That, that’s not possible!! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.34.2">That—that was my secret weapon!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.35.1">Secret or not, projectiles just didn’t work on me. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.35.2">Maybe if he used his head and did something to land a direct hit on me, things would be different.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.36.1">“Do you see that you can’t win now? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.36.2">So let me ask you. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.36.3">Tell me what you know and who you’re cooperating with. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.36.4">Be honest with me, and I’ll give you a painless death.”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.37.1">“Ha-ha-ha-ha-haaa! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.37.2">I am a walking dead! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.37.3">Kill me all you want; I’ll just resurrect myself and come back later to kill— </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.38.1">Ounngh?!</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.39.1">”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.40.1">I punched him. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.40.2">Then again, and again and again, without a word. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.40.3">I also applied Mind Accelerate, speeding it up a million times for him. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.40.4">Raphael could influence not just my perspective but those of people around me.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.41.1">In the real world, it lasted several seconds. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.41.2">But in Clayman’s mind, I was continually punching him, tormenting him with pain and terror, for several dozen days. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.41.3">So I could carve that pain and terror into his soul. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.41.4">And in those few seconds, the terror made Clayman’s hair fall out, transforming his visage into the ghastly, bony gaze of the actual dead.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.42.1">“Clayman,” I quietly called out.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.43.1">His body convulsed, then froze out of terror.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.44.1">“I’m going to ask you one more time. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.44.2">Who are you getting your information from, and how is this person related to you? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.44.3">Tell me, and I’ll make it easy on you.”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.45.1">But Clayman had more backbone than I thought.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.46.1">“Don’t… Don’t treat me like a child. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.46.2">I would never betray my friends—and especially not my clients. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.46.3">That, and that alone, is the ironclad rule of the Moderate Jesters!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.47.1">Huh. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.47.2">So even villains had certain unbreakable rules.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.48.1">“All right. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.48.2">Well, so be it.” </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.48.3">I casually changed my tone. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.48.4">“Oh, right, I should probably tell you—you realize you aren’t gonna be resurrected, right?”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.49.1">He had talked about doing that a few seconds—or days?—ago, but it wasn’t gonna happen. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.49.2">Being consumed by Belzebuth was an even more tragic fate than being caught in the inescapable Unlimited Imprisonment Veldora was locked in.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.50.1">“Wh-what? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.50.2">What are you talking about?”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.51.1">Was he keeping up that macho act because he was counting on a new life later on, then? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.51.2">The moment he heard me, Clayman began to quiver.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.52.1">“Look, um, what you told me earlier? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.52.2">About how walking dead can come alive again after they die? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.52.3">And that’s why you wanted me to focus on killing you, so you could pluck out your astral body and try to run away. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.52.4">Right?”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.53.1">He was an underhanded sneak, but I had to applaud him for his single-minded devotion to his cause. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.53.2">But my observation made his face pale.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.54.1">“Wh-what did you…?”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.55.1">He tried to cover it, but I could tell I was right. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.55.2">Not even I needed Raphael to figure it out—but Raphael had even more amazing stuff for me.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.56.1">“Ummm, so you can connect your astral body to the ley lines here to keep your consciousness and memories protected, yeah? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.56.2">So even if you lose your physical body, you’ll never truly die. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.56.3">That’s why you were pretending to die there?”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.57.1">Ahhh. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.57.2">Now I see. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.57.3">And just parroting out what Raphael told me made Clayman convulse before me. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.57.4">I was absolutely correct.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.58.1">“W-wait, wait…”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.59.1">I knew his game. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.59.2">And now it was time to end it. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.59.3">I turned toward the demon lords surrounding us, ignoring the gibbering Clayman.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.60.1">“Well! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.60.2">I guess I won’t extract anything else from Clayman, so I’m going to execute him shortly. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.60.3">Anyone have any objections? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.60.4">’Cause if you do, I’ll be happy to take </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.61.1">you</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.62.1"> on, too.”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.63.1">It would </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.64.1">suck</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.65.1"> if someone did, but I doubted it.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.66.1">“Do as you please,” Guy answered, speaking for the Council like I thought he would. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.66.2">No one else voiced any complaint.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.67.1">“Stop! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.67.2">Wait, stop it!!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.68.1">Now Clayman was loudly pleading for his life, finally realizing there was no escape.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.69.1">“After all the grief you gave me, I’m absolutely sick of you. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.69.2">Don’t expect your death to be all sunshine and rainbows, all right?”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.70.1">With that, I placed my hand on his head. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.70.2">I thought I’d make it quick ’n’ easy on him if he coughed up some info on his master, but Clayman never sang. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.70.3">I really wanted him to, considering what I’d have to deal with in the future, but hey, I’d probably manage without it. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.70.4">There might be some more leads in his castle to explore, and given the testimony I had that the Modest Jesters weren’t a monster ring, it was obvious that Clayman had worked with humans. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.70.5">I didn’t know if that meant the Eastern Empire or the Western Nations, but either way, if he knew about my own movements, he had to have connections in the west. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.70.6">Track those down, and I should find a trail to follow before long. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.70.7">In a way, relying on the not-too-credible Clayman’s testimony might just lead to more confusion.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.71.1">So. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.71.2">Clayman.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.72.1">“…I hope you’ll spend the last few moments before your soul vanishes regretting what you’ve done.”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.73.1">“No! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.73.2">Wait, wait! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.73.3">Stop!! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.73.4">Stoooopppp!! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.73.5">Help, help me, Footman! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.73.6">Teare, help me! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.73.7">I can’t die yet. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.73.8">I can’t die heeeerrrreee!!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.74.1">It was pathetic, watching him try to flee. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.74.2">But I wasn’t about to allow it. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.74.3">No matter how much he carried on, none of it would ever touch my heart. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.74.4">Leaving someone like this alive would just be planting the seed of disaster.</span></p>
<p><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.75.1">Plus, thanks to you, the naïveté in me just died.</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.76.1"> There was no way I could let that get one of my companions killed again.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.77.1">“P-please, Lord Kazalim, help me—”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.78.1">He reached out to his broken mask, clutching at it as if in prayer—</span></p>
<p class="space-break"><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.79.1">Crunch.</span></em></p>
<p class="space-break"><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.80.1">In an instant, the wailing, howling, resisting Clayman disappeared from sight. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.80.2">Body, soul, and all were greedily consumed by Belzebuth. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.80.3">And now it was converted into pure magicules inside me, where he would get to experience the torments of hell.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.81.1">And whether a dirtied soul like his—a tainted, evil soul—or a sensible, good soul, death treated them all equally.</span></p>
<p class="space-break"><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.82.1">And for a moment, I thought I heard his voice:</span></p>
<p><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.83.1">—Ah, Laplace. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.83.2">You were exactly right. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.83.3">I think I went a little too far. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.83.4">I should have waited and bade my time, like you warned me to… You always were right…</span></em></p>
<p class="space-break"><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.84.1">Was that regret? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.84.2">I suppose even a villain like him feels regret. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.84.3">Let’s hope that the “death” I gave him helps him get more familiar with that emotion.</span></em></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>