<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 6</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter003">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter002">CHAPTER 2</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter002">WORD FROM RAMIRIS</a></h1>
<p class="cotx">Just as the summit was winding down, and I felt it was time to wrap things up:</p>
<p><em>Bwaaam!!</em></p>
<p>The doors flew open as someone stormed in.</p>
<p>“I heard all that! Tempest shall fall to ruin!!”</p>
<p>There was a tiny winged girl—and while it was hard to believe from looks, it was Ramiris of the Labyrinth, one of the world’s ten demon lords.</p>
<p class="space-break">I wasn’t exactly sure how to take this. Should I open my eyes wide and go “Wha-<em>what</em> was that?!”? I didn’t have much time to react, because Ramiris was flying straight for me, while Beretta was kindly closing the front door behind her. <em>Long-suffering</em> is the way I’d describe that demon’s body language, and I bet I was right. Getting bossed around by Ramiris all day would do that to anyone.</p>
<p>Now Diablo was standing in front of her, dressed to the nines in his butler-y outfit. He had been stationed behind me, quietly listening to the proceedings, but he wasn’t willing to let this interloper barge in. And really, he made capturing Ramiris look as easy as grabbing a dragonfly out of the air.</p>
<p>“H-hey!” she shouted, flailing around. “What’re you doing to me?!” I just love her. She doesn’t act the part of a demon lord one bit, and it’s just adorable.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>