<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter71">
    <div class="main">
      <p>A large magic circle spanning several meters immediately appeared before Aria. Light from the magic circle gathered in Aria’s hand and, after a beat, a thick beam of essence shot forward. The monsters that were closing in from the front were instantly blown away.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Seeing that spectacle left some of the knights gaping in surprise — Aria had just used a higher middle-grade offensive magic.</p>

      <p>It consumed much more essence compared to what it took to learn, but it had a weakness in how it was difficult to cast, and took time to activate depending on the user’s ability. However, its power was guaranteed. The knights had been surprised at how an attendant had been able to acquire such a powerful magic, and that Aria’s activation time was fairly short. But they only had a brief moment to be surprised, as in the very next moment, Aria suddenly disappeared.</p>

      <p>Without the use of <em>Augendae Corporis</em>, Aria closed in on the monsters at an inhuman speed. The secret to her speed lay in the enchanted sword she wielded — an ancient artifact class of enchanted sword, to be precise. The enchanted blade Aria held glowed faintly along the blade where a formula had been carved in, granting the wielder the effects of a physical enhancement sorcery.</p>

      <p>“Gwah?” The head of one of the monsters closing in on the front of their formation went flying. Two, three, four, and five heads went flying one after another in rapid succession.</p>

      <p>The monsters didn’t seem to realize their heads were being cut off, each severed head wearing a curious expression. However, once that head fell to the floor and gazed upon the sight of their detached body standing before them, they realized the truth. One beat later, the body of the monsters that had been beheaded would snap and collapse. In the blink of an eye, they turned to dust, leaving nothing but an enchanted gem behind.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Cosette watched Aria’s battle from beside the carriage.</p>

      <p>“That’s the Reaper Princess for you. So reliable,” she said with a smile on her face, voicing Aria’s other nickname.</p>

      <p>Natalie looked at Cosette in exasperation. “...Damned fool. It’d be <em>your</em> head flying if she heard you.”</p>

      <p>“Ahaha. It’s fine, it’s fine. At this distance, she can’t...” Cosette laughed lightly. However, from where she was fighting several meters away, Aria met her eyes for an instant, making her freeze.</p>

      <p>“S-She didn’t hear me, right?” Cosette said with a twitch.</p>

      <p>Natalie shook her head bluntly. “Dunno. More importantly, we should follow our orders and start fighting, too,” she said, looking between the forest on the left and the right. The monsters to the sides had also been distracted by Aria’s fighting prowess, but they were slowly returning to the task at hand, raising their voices as they glared at the knights.</p>

      <p>“...Right. Grace!” Cosette nodded with a sigh, calling the name of another attendant nearby.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Grace replied with a grim look.</p>

      <p>“Natalie, Chloe, and I will handle the monsters on the right. The four of you take care of the monsters on the left. You’ll be in charge of that side.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. Here we go! <em>Augendae Corporis</em>!” Cosette said. Grace immediately followed suit, chanting the magic spell to enhance her physical abilities. The other attendants successively chanted the spell, too; once they did, magic circles appeared around their bodies, revolving in circles as they enveloped their bodies and activated magic to enhance the caster’s physical abilities. Grace and the other attendants ran off — Once Cosette confirmed that, she turned to issue orders to the trainee attendant.</p>

      <p>“Chloe, you stay alert of the front while using <em>Photon Projectilis</em> to take out the small fry from behind the knights on the right side. If you see any monsters throwing stones, prioritize aiming for them first. Start from the enemies at the edge, so you don’t accidentally hit any allies, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Okay!“ Chloe responded with a stiff voice.</p>

      <p>“Now, shall we get going, Natalie?” Cosette readied her halberd and smiled devilishly. Natalie held her two daggers and nodded,</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’m ready to go whenever.”</p>

      <p>“<em>Augendae Corporis—</em>” Cosette and Natalie chanted in unison.</p>

      <p>After the magic circle rose and enhanced their abilities, the two of them immediately ran towards the forest.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>As the hectic battle unfolded below, Reiss was overlooking the state of the fight from where he floated high above.</p>

      <p><em>There’s one... rather incredible woman present. Liselotte Cretia’s confidant, I assume. Goodness, if this isn’t one tough guard. If I don’t approach this carefully, she might just defeat me... What a bad matchup.</em></p>

      <p>Reiss looked down at Aria with his sharp eyes; she was overwhelming the monsters. At this rate, she would exterminate all the monsters coming from the front all by herself.</p>

      <p><em>The guard on the left and right is also tough. While they’re not as notable as the woman in front, Liselotte Cretia’s subordinates are all talented. Thanks to their work, the flustered knights to the sides have also calmed down and started reacting properly. It seems like they’ve completely regained any advantage we had of our surprise attack.</em></p>

      <p>Most of the knights were lined up along the side with their shields up, creating a barricade as though they were on high alert for a surprise attack from the side. On top of that, Liselotte’s proud attendants were massacring monsters quite far forward, so taking down that barricade would be no easy feat.</p>

      <p><em>But there are still weak points. Where to aim...</em> Reiss thought, looking at the rear of the formation.</p>

      <p>There, the commanding officer, Raymond, was leading several other knights to stop the progression of the monsters. They were using <em>Photon Projectilis</em> to take out the numerous small-sized goblins and only making contact with the larger-sized orcs to repel them. Compared to the front of the formation, it would be easier to take down this side.</p>

      <p><em>The girl at the front is eliminating the monsters at a much faster rate than expected. It seems the goblins and the orcs don’t stand a chance. Although, that depends on how they’re used...</em> Reiss groaned quietly, looking at Aria once more.</p>

      <p><em>Princess Flora and Liselotte Cretia are inside a carriage, though I don’t know which of the two, and it should be safe to assume the hero is riding alongside them, too. Although, there are no signs of him stepping forward for now...</em> He thought deeply, looking down at the two carriages lined below his eyes.</p>

      <p><em>For now, I’ll have the projectile squad focus their aim on the second carriage and send reinforcements to the sides. If he really refuses to show up, then I’ll simply pierce through the carriage from here.</em> Reiss chuckled pleasantly to himself.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, inside the carriage where Liselotte and the others were hiding, Hiroaki was sitting on the floor of the carriage with his knees to his chest, tapping a leg restlessly.</p>

      <p>“Oi, what’s going on outside? Is everything all right?” It was the umpteenth time he was asking the three girls that question.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. My attendants outside are the elite of the elite, especially Aria. And all of the knights of Duke Huguenot’s faction are there, too.” Liselotte nodded firmly in a calm tone, easing Hiroaki’s excitement at what was his first real combat experience.</p>

      <p>“...Ah, but... like... Are the roads of this world really so dangerous? It’s been a while since the attack started and there are so many people out there, so how come the battle hasn’t ended yet?” Hiroaki objected gruffly, looking around the carriage somewhat nervously.</p>

      <p>His fears stemmed from the fact that even now, at this moment, loud orders and angry yelling were still being exchanged outside. The fact that the number of stones hitting the carriage had increased wasn’t reassuring, either.</p>

      <p>“Hero, let us believe in those outside,” Flora said.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, the situation is like this right now. Those outside still haven’t explained what’s going on to us, and I’m not about to believe some people I don’t even know. Anyone who does is an idiot. Who would take responsibility for this?” Hiroaki had completely lost his cool, raising his voice in irritation. The girls around him were worried, too, but he seemed to be the only one who considered himself a victim, demanding someone take blame for their current state.</p>

      <p>“...Okay,” Flora hung her head dejectedly.</p>

      <p><em>The ones attacking us are monsters... I’d much prefer if he went outside and yelled his abuse at them instead. He’s just saying what he wants right now. After all that talk about protecting us, when it comes to the real thing he turns like this? What happened to your pride, the Yamata no Orochi? Geez!</em> Liselotte wanted to rant at Hiroaki, but instead let out a small exasperated sigh. She then reached out and squeezed Flora’s hand.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Flora looked up in surprise at Liselotte’s face.</p>

      <p>“Forgive me. Embarrassing as it is to admit, I’m a little afraid. Could I please hold your hand for a little while, Princess Flora?” Liselotte said, smiling gently at Flora.</p>

      <p>“...Yes!” Flora nodded in relief. Seeing the two girls’ frail exchange finally made Hiroaki realize something.</p>

      <p>“Ah, you must be scared, too, Roanna. Don’t worry... If it comes down to it, I’ll release my Yamata no Orochi and protect you.” Hiroaki held Roanna’s hand rather guiltily.</p>

      <p>“I knew I could count on you,” Roanna said, leaning on Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>After that, a silence fell over the carriage for a while. However, unable to endure the silence, Hiroaki opened his mouth.</p>

      <p>“...But with the outside situation as chaotic as it is, having no idea of what’s going on isn’t very good. What is the commanding officer thinking?”</p>

      <p>“I completely agree. Once the battle has ended, I shall make a report to the commanding officer,” Roanna said without missing a beat.</p>

      <p>“Good, that — Whoa! That was a big one just now.” Hiroaki nodded, when a stone hit the carriage with a clang. That seemed to reignite Hiroaki’s concerns. “...Oi oi, this carriage might be covered in a layer of steel, but isn’t the higher elevation making it easier to aim for?” he muttered in frustration.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be okay. Mere stones wouldn’t be able to pierce the walls of this carriage,” Flora said encouragingly, but —</p>

      <p>“But doesn’t that mean if something more than a stone comes flying, we’ll be in trouble? Do you have proof that won’t happen? We should act in preparation for the worst. I think it’s too risky remaining in one place when we our communications with the outside have been cut off.” Hiroaki’s thoughts had completely taken a negative turn. On top of that, he was no longer calm.</p>

      <p><em>Good grief, what a bothersome personality he has.</em> Liselotte furrowed her brow in vexation. Preparing for the worst case in an emergency wasn’t a bad thing in itself, but becoming aggressive and forcing your emotions on your surroundings was horrible.</p>

      <p>No matter how many opposite opinions were offered, a hot tempered person like him would not be likely to lend an ear to any of it. If anything, he’d just get more stubborn and heated about it.</p>

      <p>Just then — <em>Ba-doom!</em> A particularly loud impact struck the roof of the carriage, shaking it greatly. “Whoa!”</p>

      <p>“Kyah!” Hiroaki and Flora couldn’t hold back their screams. Liselotte hurriedly held Flora close to her to protect her, when she suddenly looked up.</p>

      <p><em>W-What?!</em></p>

      <p>The steel plated ceiling had a huge dent in the middle.</p>

      <p>“Wha... What fell on us just now?! There better not be a monster above us!” Hiroaki’s eyes widened in shock as he wailed.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know!” Liselotte finally cried out, at a loss.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no helping it... I’ll go outside and find out what happened.</em> It would normally be unthinkable for the subject of an escort to voluntarily step out into the battlefield, but this emergency surpassed that custom.</p>

      <p>However, just as Liselotte resolved herself, Hiroaki’s patience reached its limit. “Kuh! E-Enough already! I can’t stay in here any longer without knowing what’s going on outside! We’re going outside, you guys!”</p>

      <p>He materialized the Divine Arms, Yamata no Orochi, inside the cramped carriage. Hiroaki gripped it tightly as he took Roanna by the hand and flung open the door.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Hiroaki?! Please hold on!” Roanna admonished him, but he didn’t listen. He jumped out of the carriage, leaving Liselotte and Flora behind.</p>

      <p>“Hero?! Argh, how troublesome! Geez!” Liselotte frowned in annoyance as she stood up. Flora had lost her composure in her confusion.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, what should we do?! We have to follow the hero!”</p>

      <p>“...We’re going to check on what’s happening outside. Make sure you do not leave my side.” Liselotte hesitated for a second before taking Flora’s hand and helping her up. She had considered leaving her inside the carriage, but it could create more of an issue if they were split up.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>