<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: The First Night</h1>

      <p>Several minutes later, Aishia accompanied Celia into the changing room beside the stone bathroom. In contrast to Celia, who removed her one piece dress in a hesitant manner, Aishia instantly released the material form of her clothes and stood in only her underwear.</p>

      <p>“...Ah, that underwear’s made by the Ricca Guild, isn’t it?” Celia asked in a bright voice. She had gazed in amazement at how Aishia stripped in the blink of an eye before she realized the design of Aishia’s underwear seemed familiar.</p>

      <p>“Yup, that’s right. Miharu chose it for me.” Aishia nodded. She was wearing a pale pink bra and boy shorts with small but cute and elegant ribbons on it.</p>

      <p>“Miharu... that’s one of the girls Rio took in, right? It really is an adorable design. Can I feel what the fabric is like?” Celia asked with great interest.</p>

      <p>“Sure,” Aishia agreed readily.</p>

      <p>“Then if you don’t mind... Oh, and you have a really gorgeous figure, you know? Your skin is youthful and beautiful, too, just like a baby’s... Wait, we were talking about the underwear right now. Underwear...” Celia’s eyes were captivated by Aishia’s good proportions before she shook her head and reached for the underwear.</p>

      <p>“Yup yup, this really is good quality fabric. Not only is it comfortable to wear, its design is well thought out. I also have several of these, but the Ricca Guild’s products are popular, so they always sell out of their low stock in the Beltrum Kingdom. It’s pretty hard to get your hands on them,” Celia said.</p>

      <p>“They sell lots in Amande. You should just get Haruto to buy you some, too, since we’ll be going shopping in Amande tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>“It’s the headquarters of the Ricca Guild, so I’m sure there’ll be lots in stock, but is it really okay? The underwear in the Ricca Guild is fairly expensive.”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. Haruto is rich,” Aishia said, giving her approval of Rio’s financial status.</p>

      <p>“S-Still, it makes me feel bad having him buy expensive things for me... There are lots of other things I need to buy, too.” Celia frowned, feeling bad for causing trouble.</p>

      <p>“Underwear is a necessity, so it wouldn’t be a wasteful purchase. And Haruto would want Celia to wear good quality underwear,” Aishia said on Rio’s behalf. There was no knowing what kind of expression Rio would have made if he was present, but he probably would have said something similar if he was pressed on the subject.</p>

      <p>“A-Ahaha... W-Well, I can’t show Rio my underwear, b-but I’ll make sure to talk to him about it.” Celia must have pictured something in her mind, as her voice squeaked with embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Yup.” Aishia nodded, moving her hands to her bra to take it off.</p>

      <p>“...Huh? Come to think of it, how come you have real underwear when your other clothes are all materialized...?” Celia suddenly noticed.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Underwear is complicated to make.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see... So you can’t make anything complicated.”</p>

      <p>“Actually, it’s more like the clothes I usually wear are a part of myself. I can change the color and design a little, but I generally can’t create anything else,” Aishia said, giving a concise explanation of her materialized clothes.</p>

      <p>“Huh...” Celia hummed with deep curiosity.</p>

      <p>“Let’s get in already,” Aishia said, sliding off her boy shorts in one go before heading toward the bathroom.</p>

      <p><em>...S-She’s a rather bold girl, isn’t she? She doesn’t seem to care about what others think at all.</em> Celia couldn’t help but blush at the sight of the beautiful body that entered her line of vision. However, she had no reason to remain in the changing room by herself, so she took off her cute minisole that she’d been wearing as underwear and headed toward the bathroom, too.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>When Celia opened the door that led from the changing room to the bathroom, she looked around the room and froze.</p>

      <p>“What... is this place...?”</p>

      <p>The sight of the bathroom interior far surpassed anything she had pictured in her mind. It was a wide, spacious room; the walls were bare stone, long in depth and with a high ceiling. Beyond the spacious washing area that was tiled with stone was a wide bathtub, also made of stone. The water spouting artifacts lined along the stone wall continuously supplied hot water, making a white steam rise off the surface of the bathwater. Celia stood in dumbfounded amazement for a while.</p>

      <p>“It’s a bath...?” Aishia answered Celia’s question, tilting her head to the side.</p>

      <p>“...A-Ah, no, I can see that, but... What?!” Celia objected in a fluster. It was clearly different to a traditional bathroom in the Strahl region.</p>

      <p>At the very least, it wasn’t the standard for bathtubs to be deep enough to immerse oneself. Not even the royalty and nobility had bathing facilities this fancy, and it wasn’t possible for them to make hot water come pouring out endlessly as it did here. The climate of the region was rather dry, so they couldn’t secure a water source that could be used so wastefully. It’d be a different matter in a land with hot springs, but nothing like that existed in Beltrum or Beltrant.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong?” Aishia asked Celia curiously.</p>

      <p>“W-What do you mean ‘what’? What’s going on with this bath...? What is this — why is the hot water flowing endlessly?” Celia asked, pointing at the stone wall where the water was refilling the bathtub.</p>

      <p>“That’s a magic artifact that makes hot water,” Aishia replied.</p>

      <p>“A m-magic artifact... No, but... How is the essence supplied to it?! If the hot water is continuously being created, wouldn’t the essence consumption be ridiculously high?”</p>

      <p>Celia’s question was reasonable; water sorcery already used a higher amount of magic essence than the other elemental sorceries, but to have a spell formula that created water <em>and</em> heated it up at the same time would use even more essence than that. If it was left running around the clock, it would continue using up essence much like a snowball effect.</p>

      <p>“A high quality spirit stone is being used as the core of all the magic artifacts in the house, so as long as that one is replenished with essence regularly, it’s fine,” Aishia answered easily.</p>

      <p>“Spirit stone... That’s another term I haven’t heard of before.”</p>

      <p>Celia sighed tiredly. Even though she had come to the bathroom to wash away her tiredness, it seemed to have the reverse effect on her.</p>

      <p>“Come. I’ll teach you how to use the artifact,” Aishia beckoned in a calm voice.</p>

      <p>“...Okay.” Celia put on a smile of resignation and followed Aishia, deciding to put herself at ease for now. Aishia then explained how to use the hot water artifacts placed along the bathtub. “Before you submerge yourself in the water, you first wash your body and hair. This is the soap.”</p>

      <p>At Aishia’s suggestion, they started to wash their bodies first. She handed Celia a bottle with body wash inside.</p>

      <p>Celia removed the lid from the bottle she received and checked the inside, her eyes widening quite a bit. “Huh? This is soap...? Wait, isn’t this a liquid?! And it smells really nice too!” She was even more stunned after sniffing the scent of the soap.</p>

      <p>In the Strahl region, solid soap was the standard. On top of that, it was already considered a high class item — despite the quality itself being only so-so. It often smelled rather bad, too.</p>

      <p>“I heard that the Ricca Guild was extending their hand toward the development of soap, but...” Perhaps it was because there had been issues in the development process, or the stock had simply been too low, Celia thought.</p>

      <p>“This soap was made by Haruto.”</p>

      <p>Celia’s eyes widen in shock. “Huh, really?!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. He made all kinds of soap while Miharu and the others were here. Miharu has approved of the quality of each one.” Shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and maybe a face wash was enough if it were just a man living alone, but with Miharu and Aki around, Rio tried to make all the varieties of soap he learned to create in the village.</p>

      <p>“Huh... T-Then, can I use it right away?” Celia asked with great interest. She was also interested in this Miharu girl whose name kept on coming up, but right now, her curiosity was piqued toward the unknown but nice-smelling soap.</p>

      <p>“Of course. What do you usually wash first? Your hair, body, or face?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Umm, maybe face? I have some light makeup on from the ceremony still.”</p>

      <p>“Then use this one.” Aishia handed Celia the bottle with cleanser in it.</p>

      <p>She first started with cleansing her face; after slowly and carefully washing off her makeup, she next washed her hair and body.</p>

      <p>“Wow! My hair and skin feel completely different! It’s so much better than normal!” Celia said with a fully satisfied expression after everything had been washed.</p>

      <p>“Let’s get into the bath, then,” Aishia suggested.</p>

      <p>“Okay!” Celia replied cheerfully. Wrapping her hair up in a steamed towel, she carried her feet over to the bathtub and got inside it with Aishia.</p>

      <p>“Wah, hah...” At the sensation of the hot water wrapping around her body, Celia unthinkingly let out a coquettish sound.</p>

      <p>“So warm.” Aishia also smiled happily beside her.</p>

      <p>“...I could get used to this.” Celia sank into the bath water and completely relaxed her entire body, letting the stress drain out. It was her first time sitting in a bath this large and deep.</p>

      <p>“You can come here every day from here on out, you know,” Aishia said.</p>

      <p>“I see... I look forward to it,” Celia giggled with a smile.</p>

      <p><em>...It still doesn’t feel real,</em> she thought sentimentally. Was it really okay for her to be this happy? When she thought about the family she left behind in the kingdom, guilt rose up within her and made her frown.</p>

      <p>“From now on, you can think about the future with Haruto.” Aishia must have noticed the slight change in Celia’s expression, prompting her to speak. Celia widened her eyes.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah, thank you. You always seem to be aloof, but you’re actually rather sharp, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>“That’s not true.” Aishia shook her head slowly. Suddenly, Celia grinned widely. “Hey, Aishia. I know you only woke up recently, but do you know anything about the past Rio?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“I know everything there is to know about Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“Umm, does that mean you have memories from when you were asleep, too?”</p>

      <p>“No. It’s just that the things Haruto saw and heard flowed into me through our contract’s connection.”</p>

      <p>Celia’s eyes widened in surprise. “...That’s amazing. I don’t know about ancient sorcery, but that’s an art that cannot be done in modern day sorcery, for sure.”</p>

      <p>“It’s hard even with spirit arts. Telepathy is one thing, but sharing memories between each other requires quite a high level of mind synchronization.”</p>

      <p>“I see. ...Hm? But isn’t that... It sounds like you’re saying that your consciousness and Rio’s consciousness are strongly tied together, almost...?” It was something Celia couldn’t overlook.</p>

      <p>“That’s what a spirit contract is. We’re spiritually bound together on a soul level,” Aishia agreed bluntly.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Celia was at a loss for words. <em>T-That’s not fair!</em> she thought in her mind. Aishia tilted her head curiously.</p>

      <p>Celia met Aishia’s eyes; fearing she had been seen through, she flinched, before purposefully changing the subject. “T-That aside, Rio’s been able to use spirit arts since his days in the academy, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yup. He was self-taught, so his technical skills were a little clumsy, but he worked hard at it by himself,” Aishia agreed with a nod.</p>

      <p>“I-I see. He never showed any sign of that, so I never noticed, but he really worked hard...” Celia smiled somewhat wistfully. Considering how out of the ordinary spirit arts was, her judgment made sense... though she was a little sad that he hid it from her at the time.</p>

      <p>“The reason why Haruto didn’t tell you wasn’t because he didn’t trust you,” Aishia uttered simply. She’d hit the nail on the head.</p>

      <p>“I-I know that. It isn’t something to tell someone for no reason, and even telling someone trustworthy can be risky. Rio isn’t that kind of person. That is, how should I put it...”</p>

      <p>“Even when he’s in trouble, he doesn’t really rely on others. He tries to solve it himself,” Aishia pointed out, making Celia nod along furiously.</p>

      <p>“Yes, like that!”</p>

      <p>“But, he’s a little different from before. He’s still a little shy about it, but he’s starting to rely on others more,” Aishia said regarding Rio’s growth, which was something that Celia was unaware of.</p>

      <p>“Huh, is that so... So he’s grown up that much in the time we were apart...” Celia’s eyes widened in interest as she watched Aishia with envy in her eyes.</p>

      <p>“It’s thanks to Celia,” Aishia said.</p>

      <p>“R-Really?” Celia blinked, looking shocked.</p>

      <p>“Yup. Of course, part of it was also because he met lots of warm people on his journey and grew close to them, but the first person to show Haruto kindness was Celia. Celia stayed beside Haruto throughout his whole academy life,” Aishia said, showing a rare smile.</p>

      <p>“...” Celia found herself captivated by Aishia’s soft, warm smile without realizing it.</p>

      <p>“Please be kind to Haruto, as you always have,” Aishia said in conclusion.</p>

      <p>“...Fufu, of course I will.” Celia smiled gently, nodding happily.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>