<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Eminence in Shadow</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter005">
<p>Her nickname is Epsilon the Faithful.</p>
<p>She has buckets of pride and an intense personality, but she’s pretty mellow around me. Though she may be quick to jump to misunderstandings, she used to brew tea for me back in the day. She’s a good kid and obediently follows Alpha’s orders. I know she’s the type to respect the chain of command.</p>
<p>Honestly, it’s been forever since the last time I saw her, and I have a bunch of stuff to catch her up on. Based on her behavior, though, I can tell she’s in Shadow Garden mode.</p>
<p>Well, that works, too. If that’s the case, I’d better respond in kind.</p>
<p>“How is the plan proceeding?”</p>
<p>Epsilon scrunches up her face a bit. I bet she’s frantically trying to figure out an appropriate plot for our little game of pretend.</p>
<p>“The Executioner of the Cult put down our target. We dealt with the henchmen, but the Executioner in question seems to have vanished.”</p>
<p>“I see…”</p>
<p>So an Executioner is in it, huh? I dig it.</p>
<p>“We’re switching to our other strategy.”</p>
<p>Oh, so it’s one of those scenarios where we scrap plan A and place our bets on plan B.</p>
<p>“Very well. But you know what that means…”</p>
<p>“We’re ready. We’ve prepared to make enemies of the Church and for our reputation to be dragged through the mud…”</p>
<p>“I’ll act on my own. Don’t fail me…”</p>
<p>“Yes, sir.”</p>
<p>I cast a sidelong glance at Epsilon as she bows, then exit stage right by concealing my presence and slipping into the darkness.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>