<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword"><div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>This is Isle Osaki. Thank you for reading volume eleven of <em>Zero Believers</em>.</p>

      <p>We’ve finished the past millennium arc now. This is the longest book so far. There were so many characters: the nine demon lords, Iblis, and the people living on the demon continent. In fact, there were so many of them that we couldn’t illustrate everyone. Anyway, it was a<em> lot</em>.</p>

      <p>One of my favorite characters was Bifrons. He was in volume six, but the past era was his real time to shine. I put more effort into his battle scene than any other I’ve written. I’d wanted to see an illustration of him when he’d first appeared, but the others had taken precedence. So, I’m glad he got a proper illustration this time. There was also Erinyes, who’s in the work set in this same world, <em>Kougekiryoku Zero Kara Hajimeru Kenseitan (The Master Swordsman Starts with Zero ATK)</em>. She’s featured front and center on its cover, so I have an illustration of her as well.</p>

      <p>Tam-U, the illustrations of Anna and Momo were the best! Hakuto Shiroi, I loved the picture of Roses Castle. I need to thank S for being my editor for more than one series. Finally, I want to thank all of you readers. I hope you will continue to enjoy <em>Zero Believers</em> in the future.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>