<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>The Goddesses’ Chat</h2>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>The scratching sounds of a pen filled the room. Said room was mostly pink and rather fancy. It was also an office belonging to the Goddess of Fate—Ira.</p>

      <p>The goddess let out a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Maybe I should take a break.”</p>

      <p>Considering how close the western continent was geographically to the demon continent, Ira—who was in charge of the western continent—was always busy.</p>

      <p>She’d already been awake for seven days nonstop.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, making coffee’s a pain,” she grumbled.</p>

      <p>“Yo, Irrie!☆”</p>

      <p>“We came to hang out!”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, two other goddesses appeared in the room.</p>

      <p>One of them was a blonde who seemed rather flighty—it was Ira’s older sister, Eir, the Goddess of Water.</p>

      <p>The other goddess had hair that sparkled silver like the stars. She was a wicked deity who was supposed to be sealed away in the Seafloor Temple. This was Noah of the Titanea.</p>

      <p>“Eir, Noah?! What are you doing here?”</p>

      <p>“I had nothing better to do,” Noah said casually.</p>

      <p>A deep furrow appeared on Ira’s brow. “Well, <em>I’m</em> busy! Go away!” Even though they were higher gods, she couldn’t help but shout angrily at them.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Irrie,” Eir soothed. “Noah’s actually just worried about Mako. Let us know how he’s doing in the past.”</p>

      <p>Eir glanced at Noah, but Noah just looked away. Judging by the look on Noah’s face, Eir was right on the money.</p>

      <p>Ira sighed. “Fine, if <em>you’re</em> asking...” She snapped her fingers and a screen appeared in the air. Projected upon it was a black-haired, dark-eyed youth of rather average looks.</p>

      <p>“It’s Mako!”</p>

      <p>“Huh, he seems well.”</p>

      <p>Both Eir and Noah peered at the image with interest.</p>

      <p>The scene showed him training his water magic, and the overall image remained unchanging.</p>

      <p>“Mako’s still training,” said Eir. “He hasn’t changed, even in the past.”</p>

      <p>“Right? He’s done practically nothing else,” Ira said in exasperation before turning to the third goddess in the room. “There, you’ve seen him now, so you should be hap—”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, she noticed the smirk on Noah’s face. The goddess was practically grinning.</p>

      <p>Ira felt an uneasy stirring in her chest.</p>

      <p>Eir had said that Noah wanted to come here to check on Makoto because she was worried.</p>

      <p>However, her expression looked more like...</p>

      <p>“Hey, Noah?” Ira asked.</p>

      <p>“Hm? What’s up?”</p>

      <p>As Noah turned around, Noah’s face settled into a bemused look, as vexingly beautiful as ever.</p>

      <p><em>She looks like a plan of hers has just gone off without a hitch, </em>Ira thought.</p>

      <p>But there was no way. Noah was sealed away in the Seafloor Temple, rendered powerless.</p>

      <p>Ira still couldn’t let it go. She went to question Noah further, but—</p>

      <p><em>Ding dong</em>.</p>

      <p>“Irrie, what’s that noise?” Eir asked.</p>

      <p>“Ack!” exclaimed Ira. “Makoto Takatsuki will be here soon!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, maybe we can say hi.”</p>

      <p>“Of course you can’t!” she yelled.</p>

      <p>If the two of them met Makoto here, it would break history more than it was already broken...and it would be even longer before Ira could sleep.</p>

      <p>“Out! Get out!” Ira ushered them along and was once again alone in the room.</p>

      <p><em>Her face...</em></p>

      <p><em>Has she concocted some sort of scheme?</em></p>

      <p>“No way!” Ira shook her head, trying to dispel those thoughts. If she kept worrying about irrelevant things, she would never finish her work.</p>

      <p>After all, <em>no one</em> could free Noah from her seal.</p>

      <p>The goddess started working once again.</p>

      <h2>The Two Apostles Chat</h2>

      <p>The campfire snapped and crackled. Cain and I were camping out on one of the Habhain islands under a beautiful sea of stars.</p>

      <p>Several skewers of fish were cooking around the fire. They smelled delicious.</p>

      <p>“Guess they’re about done,” I said. “You having some?”</p>

      <p>There was a long pause before Cain answered.</p>

      <p>“Sure.”</p>

      <p>I held one out to him and he took it with an exhausted expression. The second “Seafloor Temple Reconnaissance Tour” must have worn him out.</p>

      <p>I bit into my skewer. Flavorful juice flowed out of the meat, filling my mouth with flavor.</p>

      <p>In this era, the only seasoning we had was salt, but the fresh fish was well and truly appreciated by our tired bodies.</p>

      <p>“Yo, Cain—bread.” I tossed some over to him.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey! Don’t just throw it out of nowhere!”</p>

      <p>I’d brought it with me from the temple. Honestly, I would’ve preferred onigiri or something, but that wasn’t an option in the past. Bread and grilled fish <em>was</em> a somewhat odd combination, but it still hit the spot after a day spent adventuring.</p>

      <p>I glanced over and saw that Cain wasn’t eating.</p>

      <p>“You don’t like it?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s good.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t sense that he was lying. It seemed more like he was slowly savoring his food.</p>

      <p>“You seem down,” I remarked.</p>

      <p>“Well...” He shot me a glare. “I think it’s weirder that you <em>don’t </em>seem down. Especially after we had that many monsters around us.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yeah, that kraken swarm was kinda scary.”</p>

      <p>“No one said anything about us having to deal with monsters like that in order to get to the temple.” He gave a short huff of laughter. “I never thought I’d be adventuring like this while I was her apostle.”</p>

      <p>“I figured that, for an apostle of Noah, trying to get to the temple would be an obvious priority... Oh, I guess you didn’t know where it was.”</p>

      <p>“Right. But I didn’t try to find it either. She said I didn’t need to, so I obeyed.”</p>

      <p>“Why not? Your goddess is trapped there, so of course you’d try and get to her prison. Though, she <em>did</em> tell me that I shouldn’t bother pushing myself.”</p>

      <p>“You...don’t pay much heed to what the goddesses say, do you?” Cain asked incredulously. He was looking at me like I was a complete enigma.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s one of the last dungeons, isn’t it? Of course I’d want to beat it.” If I gave up on something like that, I’d never be able to call myself a gamer.</p>

      <p>“When I said I wanted to do this,” Cain continued, “the other demon lords were all against it.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, how so?”</p>

      <p>“Well, Lady Erinyes—she was the one to invite me to their ranks—asked ‘Are you an idiot?’ as soon as I told her.”</p>

      <p>“She’s like that?”</p>

      <p>Erinyes sounded easier to get along with than I’d thought. Well, that was probably because Cain was one of them.</p>

      <p>While we chatted, we picked all of the skewers clean. The conversation between us went a lot further than it had yesterday. <em>Having a connection with your fellow adventurers is important.</em></p>

      <p><em>Though, this “fellow adventurer” is a demon lord...</em></p>

      <p>“Hopefully we get to meet Leviathan tomorrow!” I exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“You’re really going up against that thing?” Cain asked uneasily.</p>

      <p>“We’ll figure something out,” I said optimistically.</p>

      <p>Of course, the two of us would soon find out just how ridiculous the Divine Beast Leviathan actually was.</p>

      <p>But that was a story for another day.</p>

      <h2>Celebrations</h2>

      <p>“Cheers!” everyone chorused as they clinked their glasses.</p>

      <p>We were <em>outside</em> Labyrinthos.</p>

      <p>After defeating Iblis, we’d come back to the dungeon town. Now that there was practically zero chance of the demon lords attacking the continent, the citizens didn’t have to hide away anymore. And so, we’d moved from the middle layer of the dungeon to outside. The town had put together a massive feast.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto!” Johnnie exclaimed. I’d never seen him so drunk and excitable. “Before you return to the future, won’t you take one of my daughters?!”</p>

      <p>“Um, well...”</p>

      <p>“Makoto is marrying me!” Anna cried out, jumping into the conversation.</p>

      <p>“Well, that isn’t an issue, Lady Anna. A hero should spread their bloodline as much as possible!”</p>

      <p>Anna faltered. “W-Well...”</p>

      <p>“Johnnie, having Anna as a wife is enough for me,” I said.</p>

      <p>He grumbled in disappointment. <em>Frankly, I’m scared of what will be waiting for me in the future if I marry any more women. </em>His sour mood didn’t last long—he soon cheered up and joined the other townspeople in their drinking. He’d led them for over a century, and after all this time, the weight on his shoulders was finally getting lighter.</p>

      <p><em>As long as he’s enjoying himself...</em></p>

      <p>“Y-You! Elementalist!” A redheaded man approached, yelling at me. Though, his voice <em>was</em> shaking a bit. “I’ll take mother back this time!”</p>

      <p><em>I remember him...maybe.</em></p>

      <p>Dia suddenly appeared next to me. “Oh, do you want to become an ice sculpture again, lizard?”</p>

      <p>“Eep! Undyne?!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right!” The realization had just dawned on me. “You’re the dragon who picked a fight down in Labyrinthos.”</p>

      <p>Just then, someone else approached.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Elementalist, don’t pick on the children.”</p>

      <p>It was Mel.</p>

      <p>“He said he was taking you back,” I told her.</p>

      <p>“Oh?”</p>

      <p>There was a glint in her eye as she turned to the man.</p>

      <p>“Mother! Please come back to us!”</p>

      <p>“But the elementalist is going to the southern and floating continents next, right?” she asked, directing the tail end of the question to me.</p>

      <p>I nodded. “Yup.”</p>

      <p>“Then someone has to go with you,” Mel reasoned. She turned to the other dragons nearby. “Would any of you take my place?”</p>

      <p>“W-Well...” mumbled the redhead.</p>

      <p>“There’s also a distinct possibility we could run into the remaining demon lords like Erinyes or Barbatos,” Mel pointed out.</p>

      <p>The man was silent for a moment, then said, “I’ll pass,” before turning and leaving.</p>

      <p>I felt kind of bad. “Are you sure, Mel?”</p>

      <p>She grinned at me. “You’re awfully humble for a man who defeated the Great Demon Lord.”</p>

      <p>“Anna was the one to do it.”</p>

      <p>“What?! If you hadn’t been there, we would’ve all been wiped out! That divine rank spell was superb!” She cackled.</p>

      <p>“Teacher Mel is in a really good mood. She drank a lot more than usual.”</p>

      <p>I noticed that Momo had come up to my side.</p>

      <p>“Where’d you run off to?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“There were drunkards wherever I went, so I escaped.”</p>

      <p>“Then have a more relaxed drink with me.”</p>

      <p>“With you?!” Momo exclaimed. “Gladly!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll come too!” said Anna, who’d also just strolled over.</p>

      <p>The three of us moved away from the noise. My eyes fell on a knight wearing black armor. He was sitting on a big rock.</p>

      <p>“Cain?”</p>

      <p>“Oh...Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“What’re you doing?”</p>

      <p>“I shouldn’t be here,” he muttered.</p>

      <p>He hadn’t managed to get into the swing of the celebration yet.</p>

      <p>“What are you on about?” I asked. “We couldn’t have won without you.”</p>

      <p>But even as I said that, his expression remained dark. I was trying to work out what to say next when Volf and Julietta appeared. They both went over to Cain.</p>

      <p>“What’re you doing here?” Volf demanded.</p>

      <p>“Yeah!” Julietta exclaimed. “C’mon, you saved them—let’s go drink.”</p>

      <p>The two of them took Cain by the arms and pulled.</p>

      <p>“I-I killed—”</p>

      <p>“Olga wouldn’t worry about the little things like that.”</p>

      <p>“She wanted peace more than anyone☆”</p>

      <p>Gradually, the two of them dragged him off.</p>

      <p><em>This is the same man who would be known as the “hero-killer” a thousand years from now? Yeah...the future’s </em>definitely <em>changed.</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, Sir Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Makoto.”</p>

      <p>Whoops, I couldn’t just leave Anna and Momo hanging. The two beauties nudged at me from either side.</p>

      <p>I laughed lightheartedly, and we all toasted to a peaceful world.</p>

      <h2>Makoto and Anna — Wedding Rings</h2>

      <p>It’d been several days since the battle with the Great Demon Lord.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! I want matching rings!” Anna said out of nowhere.</p>

      <p>Well, since we’d agreed to get married, maybe that didn’t count as “out of nowhere.”</p>

      <p>Rings, though... She was definitely a girl at heart.</p>

      <p>There was just one problem.</p>

      <p>“No one around here sells rings, right?”</p>

      <p>The shops in the dungeon town were all for weapons, armor, and tools. Survival was everything in this era, so they wouldn’t be making accessories.</p>

      <p>“That’s...right.”</p>

      <p>She slumped. It hurt to see her so sad.</p>

      <p>My actions had all been for the greater good of defeating Iblis, but I’d still stolen her first kiss, declared my love, and now I was leaving her to go back to the future. I couldn’t justify making it worse, could I?</p>

      <p>Anna wanted rings, and I wanted to give her what she wanted.</p>

      <p>“Let’s look for some!” I said.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Her eyes went wide, and she broke out into a smile.</p>

      <p>“Okay!”</p>

      <p>And thus, the search for our rings had begun.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“Hmm, as far as I know, there are no craftsmen within the town who can make rings,” Johnnie said. “My apologies.”</p>

      <p>He’d been our first port of call. Since he’d led the town for so long, I’d thought he might know a guy. Unfortunately, it seemed that wasn’t the case. Our best chance had gone up in flames.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it, Johnnie,” I said. “Sorry for bothering you.”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Momo and Dia walked up.</p>

      <p>“Oh, what’re you talking about?”</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, my liege?”</p>

      <p>I explained the situation, and Momo immediately started protesting.</p>

      <p>“What?! No fair, Anna! I want one too!”</p>

      <p>“N-No!” exclaimed Anna. “They’re wedding rings for the two of us!”</p>

      <p>“No fair. I wanna match too!”</p>

      <p>“That’d mean Makoto was marrying two people, Momo,” Anna explained.</p>

      <p>“That’s fine. He already has lovers in the future.”</p>

      <p>“But he hasn’t done anything with them.”</p>

      <p>“Right, I’ve checked over and over, but it still says zero—”</p>

      <p>I cut them off. “All right, you two, <em>enough</em>.” We could do that sort of stuff when the world was at peace... And besides, it wasn’t like I could have imagined that I’d be time traveling.</p>

      <p>Dia soon spoke up. “What about this, my liege?”</p>

      <p>She presented a sparkling aqua-blue ring. It had a gorgeous snow pattern all across the surface.</p>

      <p>“Pretty...”</p>

      <p>“It’s sparkling...”</p>

      <p>Anna and Momo were both taken in with it. I’d never seen such a pretty ring, not even in the future.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Dia,” I said. “I’ll try it on.”</p>

      <p>I took it from her and slipped it onto my ring finger. The size was exactly right. It was perfect...except...</p>

      <p>“It’s made of ice...” In other words, it was—literally—freezing cold.</p>

      <p>My water magic meant that this wouldn’t be a problem for me, but Anna would probably struggle. Besides, since it was made of magic, it would require a constant mana flow to maintain its integrity.</p>

      <p><em>That’s not happening unless you’re an elemental with infinite mana...</em></p>

      <p>This wasn’t a ring that humans could use.</p>

      <p>“It feels like it’d be difficult for me to keep up,” Anna commented.</p>

      <p>“Wow, so pretty. I want one too.”</p>

      <p>While Anna seemed to deflate, Momo was perfectly happy to wear it. Momo was undead, so an ice-cold ring wouldn’t be a problem for her. Apparently, I’d found a way to cheer her up without even trying.</p>

      <p>But still, Anna’s ring was the main thing here, and we still hadn’t gotten anything.</p>

      <p>“<em>She’s</em> our last bet.”</p>

      <p>“Right. We should ask Lady Helemmelk what she thinks.”</p>

      <p>Anna and I exchanged glances. I wasn’t expecting Mel to be up-to-date on human rings, but it was still worth asking her.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“Hm? A human ring? I can make a simple one at least.”</p>

      <p>She could?!</p>

      <p>Anna and I both uttered a confused “Huh?” We hadn’t expected that.</p>

      <p>“R-Really?!” Anna asked excitedly.</p>

      <p>“Don’t expect too much. I can use metal magic and some mithril to make something, though.”</p>

      <p>“Hooray!” Anna bounced with joy.</p>

      <p>“What kind of design do you want?” Mel asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I’m not sure.”</p>

      <p>Anna and I began chattering away. Mel soon interrupted us.</p>

      <p>“Don’t ask for something too complicated.”</p>

      <p>Eventually, we settled on something patterned after the leaves of the world tree. This tree was situated in Anna’s birthplace, right at the center of the floating continent. It was symbolic of peace and tranquility in the world.</p>

      <p>“Human accessories are so complex...” Mel grumbled, struggling with our request.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>A few hours later, she handed us the fruits of her labor.</p>

      <p>“Done!” she exclaimed. “I’m exhausted! I’m going to sleep!”</p>

      <p>She immediately did just that.</p>

      <p>Resting in our palms were two matching rings. Anna and I looked at each other.</p>

      <p>I slipped the ring, engraved with a motif of the world tree, onto her ring finger. She did the same for me.</p>

      <p>They fit shockingly well.</p>

      <p>Our eyes met again.</p>

      <p>“Makoto... I’m so happy. I’ll treasure this ring for my whole life.” A smile bloomed on her face like a flower, though there was a tinge of sadness to her expression.</p>

      <p>“I’ll do the same,” I replied after a moment.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t sure if I managed to match her smile. I didn’t check with <em>RPG Player</em>.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>