<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Makoto Takatsuki Faces the Strongest Demon Lord</h1>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Anna’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>We were surrounded by five demon lords who ruled the world.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto...” My voice shook as I tightly gripped his hand.</p>

      <p>“Calm down, Anna.”</p>

      <p>His voice did not waver. Instead, he gazed at the demon lords and put a hand to his chin like he was thinking.</p>

      <p>He was right—I needed to calm down. I took a shallow breath. The air was tense.</p>

      <p>Eventually, the silence was broken by a deep voice that carried well.</p>

      <p>“You <em>heroes</em>, destroyers of the Undead King. You shall fall here.”</p>

      <p>I was momentarily taken aback by the new voice. But then, I realized who it was.</p>

      <p><em>Zagan.</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, Goliath roared. It felt like the ground had suddenly become water as massive tremors shook the area.</p>

      <p>Goliath was charging at us.</p>

      <p>“Dia.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, my liege?”</p>

      <p>“Stop him, would you?”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>With that, Dia—and several of the Undyne—attacked the giant.</p>

      <p><em>Thousand Ice Cutter</em>.</p>

      <p><em>Water Dragon Flock</em>.</p>

      <p>Blades of ice filled the air, and the water dragons crashed on the giant like a tsunami. It looked practically apocalyptic.</p>

      <p>Goliath roared again. This time though, there was a tinge of pain to it.</p>

      <p>“A-Amazing...” I murmured.</p>

      <p>“Don’t wait around, Anna. <em>Sword of Light</em>, would you?”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...”</p>

      <p>I tightened my grip on Balamung—the sword bequeathed to me by my mentor. I converted light into aura and then poured that into the blade. As long as there was sunlight, I had infinite mana.</p>

      <p>I readied my attack.</p>

      <p>“What is he?” asked Valac. “He has arch elementals completely under his control.”</p>

      <p>Barbatos tilted his head in thought. “Hmm, intriguing. While I am unfamiliar with this world, I believe such fluid control of elementals among humans is a rarity. Perhaps he would like to join my subordinates.”</p>

      <p>The pair of them were chatting—their demeanors were relaxed.</p>

      <p><em>Are they not going to attack as well?</em> Just as that thought passed through my mind, the area was bathed in red light.</p>

      <p>Pain. Every pore of my body screamed. It felt like I was being stabbed by red-hot needles.</p>

      <p>Zagan had blasted a ball of flames from his mouth.</p>

      <p>“Hah!” I exclaimed, bisecting the ball. Makoto’s magic was weak to fire.</p>

      <p>“Oh... So what about this? <em>Inversion Magic: Black Blade Blitz</em>.” Erinyes flapped the black wings on her back, creating a huge whirlwind.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ice Frontier</em>.”</p>

      <p>Makoto’s spell stopped the whirlwind dead, dispersing it immediately.</p>

      <p>“What? That’s not fair...” Erinyes pouted.</p>

      <p>The view around us was absurd. Huge rocks had been blown away, and the ground was torn up.</p>

      <p>“<em>Darkness Magic: Thousand Darkness Cutter</em>.”</p>

      <p>Barbatos’s spell filled the air with blades of pure darkness.</p>

      <p>“Anna, barrier.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right!”</p>

      <p>Frantically, I called upon my sun magic.</p>

      <p>“<em>Sun Magic: Holy Barrier</em>!”</p>

      <p>A sphere of light—centered on me—snapped into the air. The brightness blinded me for a moment. However, by the time the light was gone, the dark magic had faded away.</p>

      <p>Barbatos seemed amused, despite his spell having been nullified. “So that is the Hero of Light, my natural enemy.” He turned to Erinyes. “You, fallen brat. You’re from up there—do something about the hero.”</p>

      <p>“Aww, but I’m <em>fallen</em>, so I don’t do well with sun magic. It’s such a draaag.”</p>

      <p>They were also just chatting. It was hard to call what they were doing “cooperating.”</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Goliath and Zagan were wary of the Undyne and didn’t close the distance between us.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, what do you think?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“They’re messing around.”</p>

      <p>“So they’re...not taking this fight seriously?”</p>

      <p>“Probably not.”</p>

      <p><em>But I’m only barely managing each attack...</em></p>

      <p>“It’s okay, Anna,” Makoto said, calming me down.</p>

      <p>“My liege, what next?”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, Dia was waiting next to us. The other Undyne were with her as well.</p>

      <p><em>R-Right...they’re all here.</em></p>

      <p>“Have you simply been fooling around?” Zagan demanded as he looked around at the other demon lords. The menace radiating off of him kicked up a notch. Mana and miasma billowed around him like steam.</p>

      <p>“Fine.”</p>

      <p>“We’re ending playtime already? What a shame.”</p>

      <p>“Lord Zagan has ordered it, so we follow.”</p>

      <p>With Zagan’s words as a signal, the area around all five of the demon lords became blanketed with miasma. The ground shook, and a violent wind began to whip around. Flames flickered madly.</p>

      <p><em>They’re serious now...</em></p>

      <p>An earnest attack from all five of them. There was no way I could defend against—</p>

      <p><em>Huh?</em></p>

      <p>Before I could fully form my thoughts, I felt myself bathed in so much sunlight that it was almost <em>hot</em>.</p>

      <p>Wh-What the...?</p>

      <p>“Anna, I’ve gathered light for you. Is that enough?”</p>

      <p>Makoto’s expression didn’t even flicker as he pointed up at the sky. There wasn’t a single cloud. There <em>was</em>, however, something round and transparent floating above us, and it was gathering light.</p>

      <p>This was...an option?</p>

      <p>“Anna, pray to your goddess,” said Makoto.</p>

      <p>“R-Right... Althena, I beseech you—”</p>

      <p>“Ah, stop right there.”</p>

      <p>I stared at him. “Why did you interrupt me?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s stop all that roundabout praying.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, he grabbed my arm.</p>

      <p><em>Sun Magic: Synchro</em>.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto, what are you doing?”</p>

      <p>“Well, we’re dead if we lose, so this is how we <em>should</em> be praying.” His face had lost its expressionless mask—he was grinning again. “Althena, in exchange for our lifespan, please grant us victory.”</p>

      <p>Huh? I’d never heard of someone praying like this...</p>

      <p><em>You’re such a...bothersome child.</em></p>

      <p>Abruptly, I heard a divine voice. Wait. Was that...?</p>

      <p>Suddenly, it felt like my body was on fire. That wasn’t all—I was glowing with all the colors of the rainbow. B-But...</p>

      <p>“Anna, eyes to the front. They’re attacking.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right!”</p>

      <p>I still didn’t know what exactly was happening, but I readied my sword.</p>

      <p>The demon lords gazed at us as we braced for impact.</p>

      <p>“It might be impure, but that light is anima.”</p>

      <p>“That elementalist didn’t even hesitate to use sacrificial magic. What is wrong with him?”</p>

      <p>Erinyes had seemed relaxed until now, but her face twisted. “Hang on, that’s supposed to be against the divine tenets, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Crush them first!” Zagan roared.</p>

      <p>All the demon lords attacked at once. It was like a tsunami from every direction. There was nowhere to run, and the black wall of miasma seemed like it would crush us.</p>

      <p>“Dia.”</p>

      <p>“Right!”</p>

      <p>Makoto cast a saint rank spell.</p>

      <p><em>Ice Frontier</em>.</p>

      <p>I followed suit, throwing all the power I had into my magic blade.</p>

      <p><em>Magic Sword of Michael</em>.</p>

      <p>The sword itself was engulfed in prismatic flame.</p>

      <p><em>I-I did it...</em></p>

      <p>Their attacks were almost upon us.</p>

      <p>“<em>Light Sword of Victory</em>!” I swung Balamung casually. For a moment, it seemed like there had been an explosion of light, and I almost passed out from my own attack.</p>

      <p>I looked around, coughing. Our surroundings as a whole had been neatly flattened.</p>

      <p>I was lost for words for a second...but then I jumped in shock.</p>

      <p>“Makoto?!”</p>

      <p>“That was impressive,” he said.</p>

      <p>His clothes were kind of beaten up, but he seemed fine. <em>Ph-Phew.</em></p>

      <p>Dia stared at us reproachfully. “Are you two done yet?”</p>

      <p>I looked around frantically and saw four demon lords.</p>

      <p>“So we only defeated Goliath...” muttered Makoto.</p>

      <p>He was right—the giant was no longer visible.</p>

      <p>Had...my attack defeated him? There were still four left, though. I was heaving for breath as I readied my sword again.</p>

      <p>They didn’t strike. Instead, I heard them talking.</p>

      <p>“The hell was that? That’s cheating...” Erinyes protested, flapping her wings to remove the dust.</p>

      <p>“So the Hero of Light is already on the level of a demigod,” Valac said, glaring hatefully. “We should have killed her earlier.”</p>

      <p>A demigod? Me...?</p>

      <p>“You needn’t worry so much. That attack was her best. Her next ought to be weaker,” Barbatos pointed out calmly.</p>

      <p>He was right. I tried not to let it show, but my stamina and mana were both at their limits. I glanced at Makoto, and while he still looked calm, I could see the exhaustion on his face. He was probably in a similar state.</p>

      <p><em>What should we do?</em></p>

      <p>“Aww, we dawdled too much and now the dragon lord’s coming.”</p>

      <p>Makoto and I both swiftly turned to look.</p>

      <p>Flying our way was a black dragon. He was even larger than Zagan. Every flap of his wings sent out gusts of winds that were like storms in and of themselves.</p>

      <p>My eyes widened. “That’s—”</p>

      <p>“Astaroth...” Makoto finished for me.</p>

      <p>I gulped. King of the Ancient Dragons, Astaroth. He was said to be the strongest among all the nine demon lords—no, among all creatures of the planet. I could tell he was way above our level, even from a distance. He seemed so overwhelming that the other demon lords were little puppies in comparison.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the demon lords were acting like they’d already won.</p>

      <p>“The dragon lord himself...”</p>

      <p>“Whew, it’s over now.”</p>

      <p>But...this was actually what Makoto wanted. I’d asked him about his plan while we were “fighting” the army. He had said that if Astaroth appeared, I should “leave the rest to him.”</p>

      <p>“Makoto?” I called. He turned my way, his eyes gleaming in all colors of the rainbow.</p>

      <p>He’d already started. An inarticulate noise ripped its way from my throat.</p>

      <p>“Anna, get a little ways away. Also, set up a barrier to protect yourself.”</p>

      <p>“Got it...” I answered after a moment.</p>

      <p>I’d heard the name of the spell he was about to use. But knowing ahead of time just made it feel even more unbelievable. Was it truly possible?</p>

      <p>“Wait!” Erinyes cried out. “What’s he doing?!”</p>

      <p>“Hmph, he’s too—”</p>

      <p>“That mana is so far refined. Wait, it isn’t mana... Nor is it ether...”</p>

      <p>“Impossible... A mortal with pure <em>anima</em>?”</p>

      <p>So they’d realized. It was too late, though. Makoto used his dagger to knick his skin. Blood ran along the blade, dyeing it red.</p>

      <p>“Ira...I ask for a miracle for this foolish human...” he mumbled.</p>

      <p><em>Guh...</em></p>

      <p>I-I couldn’t breathe. A chill ran throughout my body, and my heart seemed to cry out like an alarm bell. It was cold. Even with how glorious the weather was, it felt like I’d freeze to death. The demon lords—particularly Erinyes—had pinched looks on their faces.</p>

      <p>Makoto held out his blue arm, which had transformed into an elemental, and quietly spoke the miracle’s name.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic (Divine Rank): Cocytus</em>.”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>