<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Makoto Takatsuki Is Questioned by the Great Demon Lord</h1>

      <p>“Oh, Cain. I was worried when you vanished,” Nevia said, apparently not shocked to see him with us.</p>

      <p>For his part, Cain just remained silent. It wasn’t just him—none of the others even looked at her. The reason? <em>Charm</em>, of course. Her skill took away all agency, and a person could be charmed by simply hearing her voice. Even Anna had faltered yesterday against the strength of Queen Nevia’s <em>Charm</em>, and she was the Hero of Light.</p>

      <p>Considering all this, only one of us would speak with her.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for your assistance, Your Majesty,” I answered.</p>

      <p>I was the moon priestess’s guardian knight, so I already knew that Furiae’s <em>Charm</em> didn’t work on me.</p>

      <p>“My, you are the only one willing to speak with me, Makoto Takatsuki. How lonely.”</p>

      <p>“They’re all shy.”</p>

      <p>She giggled. “Well, let us all get along today.”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>“The Great One is anxious to meet you all. This way.”</p>

      <p>With that, she climbed atop a blight dragon. We were hardly going to ride <em>with</em> her, so Mel reverted to her dragon form to act as our transport. We followed Queen Nevia, setting off through the gloomy sky. We didn’t need to even ask where we were going—it was obvious.</p>

      <p>Eden, the Floating Castle.</p>

      <p>That was Iblis’s palace—it had appeared in the skies over Lees last night. It was hard to judge the scale of it from the ground, but I did know one thing.</p>

      <p><em>It’s huge...</em></p>

      <p>Mel’s climb through the sky made its true size clear. It was about as high as the <em>Clouds of Darkness</em>, and using <em>Clairvoyance</em>, I could tell that it was probably about as big as an airport.</p>

      <p>The land mass the castle rested upon was an oval, and it was covered by some dark material. I couldn’t decide whether it looked metallic or crystalline. It seemed artificial, but even in my old world, I couldn’t have imagined something so huge actually flying around.</p>

      <p>We were two to three hundred meters away from it when something changed. The air felt heavy, like it was catching in my chest. Something mist-like was blocking our sight. Was that miasma...? It reminded me of Forest of Fiends in Springrogue.</p>

      <p><em>That’s a barrier Iblis constructed,</em> Ira explained in my head.</p>

      <p>So we were in <em>his</em> territory now.</p>

      <p>“It looks like we’re in Iblis’s barrier now,” I said to the others. “Are you all coping?”</p>

      <p>They all nodded, so I was assured that they weren’t having problems. At least the barrier didn’t seem like it could produce any offensive attacks.</p>

      <p>Soon, the queen’s blight dragon softly alighted on the floating island. Mel followed suit and we all carefully stepped down onto the ground.</p>

      <p>“It’s...”</p>

      <p>This was a strange place. The ground wasn’t made of dirt, but of some material that looked like sparkling, cracked glass. There were no plants, but there were bones on the ground—they seemed to be from creatures I’d never seen before.</p>

      <p>However, out of everything, the most eye-catching thing was...</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto...I don’t feel so good...”</p>

      <p>Momo’s face was pinched; Anna wore a similar look.</p>

      <p><em>Blight monsters...</em></p>

      <p>Warped monsters squirmed all over the island. I had to admit, they were somehow even worse than the blight monsters I’d seen in the past—almost like failed experiments.</p>

      <p>There was a slime with blood vessels crisscrossing its surface, an orc with several heads, and goblins with no skin, just exposed nerves. There were even snakes missing their scales that looked like they were covered in peeled-back skin. None of them were proper creatures.</p>

      <p>The queen was giggling.</p>

      <p>“Adorable, are they not? The Great One created them.”</p>

      <p>She was apparently the only one who found them to be charming—the soft caresses she was giving them were evidence of that.</p>

      <p>“R-Right,” I nodded along, feeling a muscle jump in my cheek. Obviously, I didn’t feel that they were cute at all. I looked around the island, doing my best to keep my eyes off the disgusting creatures.</p>

      <p>The massive tower in the center of the island was what drew my eye next. Strictly speaking, it was the <em>only</em> structure on the island. I’d heard it called Iblis’s castle, but it didn’t look like any castle I’d ever seen.</p>

      <p>Was Iblis really in there? And a tower, huh? Hmmm.</p>

      <p><em>You seem concerned, Makoto Takatsuki.</em></p>

      <p>Ira, this is a trap, right?</p>

      <p><em>Well, towers are usually used to amplify magic...</em></p>

      <p>Mages often used items to improve the power of their spells. For example, Lucy always had her staff with her, and Rosalie used magic circles to strengthen her magic. When mages were constructing large-scale spells, they would build towers and use them in the spell’s casting.</p>

      <p><em>A big spell cast by Iblis...</em></p>

      <p>I remembered that day-night reversal while we were fighting Bifrons. If Iblis could do that repeatedly, it wouldn’t even be a fight.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t worry! That tower just looks like it’s designed to protect whoever’s inside it. I doubt it serves a magical purpose.</em></p>

      <p>She sounded confident as she denied my concerns.</p>

      <p>That doesn’t help...</p>

      <p><em>Why?!</em></p>

      <p>Well, you keep messing up your predictions.</p>

      <p><em>I-It’s fine. Believe me!</em></p>

      <p>Well, worrying about it wasn’t going to help. If things came down to the wire, we would just need to flee.</p>

      <p>By the way, Ira, do you know what Iblis looks like?</p>

      <p>I’d asked Cain and Mel about it first, but they’d both been rather meek and neither had said a word. Apparently, they didn’t want to talk about it. So what on earth did he look like...?</p>

      <p><em>Well, not even we goddesses can tell you precisely... In the original history, the Hero of Light lost an arm and a leg in the final battle but managed to defeat Iblis. Because of the clouds, Althena can’t really talk with Anna, though.</em></p>

      <p>I was impressed that Anna had managed to defeat him in that state. I glanced over at her. There was no <em>way</em> I’d let her suffer like that...</p>

      <p>“Makoto, what’s wrong?” Anna directed a tense smile at me.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine,” I said, trying to make sure she was as relaxed as possible. “Let’s take it slow.”</p>

      <p>I’d spent the morning gathering as much sunlight for her as possible. Now she could be even stronger than when we’d fought the demon lords’ armies yesterday. My only role was to make sure she was at full strength.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto Takatsuki, you are all about to face Iblis, so speak with the others.</em></p>

      <p>Oh, right. I followed her advice.</p>

      <p>“Johnnie, how are you?”</p>

      <p>“Just fine.” He had both of his eyes closed but was walking with confidence.</p>

      <p>We’d heard that most humans who met Iblis didn’t keep their sanity. Mel was a monster and Momo was a vampire, so I figured they’d probably be fine—Anna had her blessing from the <em>Hero of Light </em>skill. So what of Johnnie, who was neither a monster nor had the protection of a hero?</p>

      <p>He’d just said: “I shall keep my eyes closed from the start and have the elementals inform me of the situation.”</p>

      <p><em>Guess he can fight even with his eyes closed. </em>He really was impressive. Considering how clumsy Lucy could be in all sorts of ways, it was hard to believe they were related.</p>

      <p>I turned to Momo and saw that she looked really ill. “Hey, you good?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m fine...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t push yourself too much.”</p>

      <p>“Right, Sir Makoto.”</p>

      <p>I felt awful that she was even here for the battle, but we needed her. She wasn’t a combatant, though—she was our escape route. She and Mel were the only two who could cast <em>Teleport</em>. Having more than one <em>Teleport</em> user would be a boon for us if things went sideways. But more than that, Momo was here because she <em>wanted</em> to come with us.</p>

      <p>I gently held her hand.</p>

      <p>“Mel, Cain, what about—”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve been here many times.”</p>

      <p>Well, those two seemed fine. All that was left now was...</p>

      <p><em>What about </em>you<em>?</em> Ira asked. <em>Space-time is warped on the island, and the miasma is pretty thick.</em></p>

      <p>I looked around and took a deeper breath than usual. Honestly, I didn’t really feel anything.</p>

      <p><em>Well, you </em>are<em> incredibly dense.</em></p>

      <p>Rude. You could have praised me for keeping my cool.</p>

      <p><em>I suppose your audacity will be useful. Make sure you’re ready to cast the divine rank spell at any time.</em></p>

      <p>It’s fine. I’ll have Dia ready too. Speaking of...</p>

      <p>I turned to her. “How’re <em>you</em> doing?”</p>

      <p>“My liege...” she said weakly. “I dislike this place...”</p>

      <p>Apparently, Iblis’s barrier was unpleasant for elementals. Well, we expected that. The strength of an elemental’s magic depended on the environment.</p>

      <p>“Got it. I’ll call you if things go bad.”</p>

      <p>“Right...” Her voice got quieter. “Take care, my liege.” I’d checked in with everyone. Now we just had to battle Iblis.</p>

      <p>Queen Nevia, who was leading the way, didn’t turn back.<em> I suppose she couldn’t hear our conversation. </em>I’d been almost positive that she would have something to say about us.</p>

      <p><em>Hm...</em></p>

      <p>Watching her walk, I realized her steps were just slightly heavy.</p>

      <p><em>Is she hurt...? No, it looks more like exhaustion.</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t know why, but the queen looked tired.</p>

      <p>We soon arrived in front of the tower at the center of the island. We stood before the massive front door, and just as I was wondering how we’d open it, it began to ever so slowly creak open.</p>

      <p>The space inside was pitch-black—nothing was visible from where we stood.</p>

      <p>“This way,” said Queen Nevia as she walked through the door.</p>

      <p>We followed.</p>

      <p><em>Hm?</em></p>

      <p>An odd sensation swept over us. It was similar to what I’d felt when we’d approached the island.</p>

      <p>We’d passed through another barrier. <em>The tower itself must have one too. </em>Ira was right—this was a tower for defensive purposes. Two layers of barriers seemed like pretty cautious planning.</p>

      <p>The inside of the tower was dimly lit. A sweet scent filled the building.</p>

      <p><em>That’s...familiar.</em></p>

      <p>The drug. I remembered how prevalent this smell had been in the bars of Symphonia. But why did Iblis have drugs here?</p>

      <p>I looked around with <em>Night Vision</em>. The whole area was deserted. Unlike with Astaroth, there was no sign of any subordinates. Instead, something else drew my eye.</p>

      <p>Complicated magic circles were inlaid all over the floor in an overlapping mass.</p>

      <p>Just looking at them made me feel uneasy. They seemed to have been drawn in a disorganized heap, but there had to be some purpose to them. I spied a formula that gathered mana at the middle of the floor.</p>

      <p>Someone gulped. I could hear my own heart pounding.</p>

      <p><em>He’s here.</em></p>

      <p>We were finally faced with the ruler of this world, the Great Demon Lord Iblis.</p>

      <p>There was a figure standing in the center of the tower. When I spotted it, I frowned.</p>

      <p><em>The hell...?</em></p>

      <p>Those were the first words that came to mind.</p>

      <p>A throne-like structure was resting on a dais. The beautiful Queen Nevia of Laphroaig, the Witch of Calamity, stood next to the throne.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, you are now in the presence of the Great Iblis,” she announced.</p>

      <p>The Great Demon Lord Iblis; the leader of the demon lords that ruled the world; an undying monster that could use all magics and was unmoved by any attack; a defiler capable of even raising the dead; someone who drove all who saw him to fear. I had heard all sorts of things about him, but nothing specific. I’d even heard people say that he was an amorphous creature with no fixed form.</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p>“You’re Iblis?” I asked <em>it</em>. Even with Nevia’s introduction, I wasn’t entirely sure.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t humanoid. In fact, it wasn’t like any living creature at all.</p>

      <p>To put it simply, Iblis was a floating mass of flesh. Sprouting and writhing from its body were the heads and limbs of humans, insects, and even monsters.</p>

      <p>It looked closer to an art installation than an actual creature.</p>

      <p>Still, it was pulsing, so it was definitely alive. The clashing red, blue, and yellow splattered all over it was almost painful to look at.</p>

      <p>Hands coming out of its fleshy body were wriggling unpleasantly like tentacles, and its many mouths were making a terrible keening noise. But the eyes drew my attention above everything else—they were studded all over the surface of the creature, glowing in all colors of the rainbow, and swiveling grotesquely around in their sockets.</p>

      <p>Several of the eyes were staring at me. I felt goose bumps rise on my skin as I stared back.</p>

      <p><em>It’s...sorta like a blight monster...</em></p>

      <p>The blight monsters outside of the tower were unpleasant enough, but the thing in front of us now made those things look downright cuddly. Sarcastic though it may be, I could now agree with the queen calling them cute. Could this thing even talk?</p>

      <p>As I was waiting for a response, the queen let out a happy gasp.</p>

      <p>“How wonderful! You are the only one to maintain your sanity upon seeing Lord Iblis!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Something seemed wrong with that. I turned around. “Guh!”</p>

      <p>The others were all passed out. Anna, Momo, and even Mel were flat on the floor. <em>Come on! Cain, why are you down as well?!</em></p>

      <p>The only one still conscious was Johnnie, but he’d fallen to his knees. Apparently not looking at Iblis directly had helped.</p>

      <p>I quickly grabbed Anna, pulling her upright.</p>

      <p>“Anna! Stay with us. Johnnie, are you okay?!”</p>

      <p>“I am,” he replied. “It’s just the miasma...”</p>

      <p>At least he’d managed to respond. Momo and Mel were coming around too. I’d have to leave them to it, though.</p>

      <p>During my party’s floundering, I’d been on the lookout for an attack, but neither Iblis nor Queen Nevia did anything. She just gazed down at us with an easy smile.</p>

      <p>“Ma...ko...to.”</p>

      <p>Anna’s face was pallid, but she managed to open her mouth. There was hardly any light in her eyes, and they weren’t focused.</p>

      <p>I put my hand on her forehead and muttered, “<em>Sun Magic: Synchro</em>.”</p>

      <p>I used the low rank sun magic spell <em>Heal</em>. It was unrefined, but because I was synchronized with the Hero of Light, it activated, and she gradually came around.</p>

      <p>“Anna, once you’re able to concentrate, use healing magic on yourself.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right... Makoto, what are you—?”</p>

      <p>Before Anna could finish the question, I’d held my hand out and cast a waterball. The basketball-sized sphere of water collided with Cain’s sleeping face.</p>

      <p>“Bwah?!” He leaped to his feet. “I passed out?!”</p>

      <p>“Just a bit,” I said coldly. <em>I thought you’d met him several times?!</em></p>

      <p>Cain began frantically excusing himself. “No! I’ve...never seen <em>that</em> before!”</p>

      <p>“He is right,” Mel murmured in response. “The Iblis I know looked nothing like that...”</p>

      <p>Oh?</p>

      <p>Did we have the wrong Great Demon Lord? I looked back toward Iblis and Queen Nevia.</p>

      <p>All the blight monster’s shining eyes had closed again, and his surroundings were mired in deep fog. The unpleasantness wasn’t quite as bad anymore.</p>

      <p>“How regrettable,” Queen Nevia said with a deep sigh. “Only <em>you</em> are able to witness his splendor in full.”</p>

      <p>“What’s going on?” I asked. Though, judging by how Anna and Mel had reacted, I had an idea.</p>

      <p>I’d seen something similar before...when everyone in the cathedral had witnessed Noah.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, a beautiful woman’s voice resounded in the tower. “Why are you here?!”</p>

      <p>Momo and Cain’s heads shot up, and they frantically looked around for the source of the voice.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Who was that?”</p>

      <p>“Who are you?”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t surprised, though. The voice was familiar at this point.</p>

      <p>“Ira?” I asked. Normally I could only hear it through telepathy, though.</p>

      <p>“Oooh,” taunted Queen Nevia, her tone mocking. “Goddess of heaven, should you really be interfering in this world? You’ll be punished, you know.”</p>

      <p>“Nevia! Why are you with him? What is Naya doing?!”</p>

      <p>Queen Nevia giggled. “Naya doesn’t interfere. You should know that.”</p>

      <p>Anna’s shoulders shook at the anger in Ira’s voice. I put a hand soothingly on her shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Ira, what are you so angry about?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>It didn’t seem like she wanted to tell me right away. Honestly, it was odd enough that we could hear her at all. Voices couldn’t reach the earth from heaven. That was why I had the communication necklace she’d given me.</p>

      <p>“The barrier makes this space another realm—<em>that’s</em> why you can hear me.”</p>

      <p>“Another realm...”</p>

      <p>It <em>had</em> felt odd to pass through the barrier. But it also hadn’t done anything to thwart us as intruders. Even with my stats being as low as they were, I didn’t feel worse in any way.</p>

      <p>“What’s the barrier for?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Well—”</p>

      <p>“The Great One can only survive within it,” Queen Nevia interrupted. Her face fell, and she looked morose.</p>

      <p>“What...does that mean?” Anna asked. She stood next to me, Balamung at the ready, though her face still looked pale.</p>

      <p>“Ira, can you please explain?”</p>

      <p>I waited for her answer.</p>

      <p>“He...is a scrapped divinity,” Ira admitted. “A being that failed to become a god. Typhon didn’t summon a demon lord from another world, he sent a <em>divinity</em> here. I can’t believe he would so clearly cross the divine laws...”</p>

      <p>“A divinity...?”</p>

      <p>I once again looked at the mass of flesh floating in the air. Those writhing hands and tentacles didn’t look “divine” in the slightest. It was just a sickening monster. Besides, it hadn’t even spoken, so was it actually intelligent?</p>

      <p>“You are a rude man.”</p>

      <p>A handsome-looking boy suddenly appeared from the mass of flesh. He was half transparent like a ghost.</p>

      <p>I tilted my head in confusion. “And you are?”</p>

      <p>“Iblis. I already introduced myself, did I not?”</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>I was about to say that it was the first time he’d spoken but then I realized that the keening sound from earlier was probably him trying to speak to us.</p>

      <p>“It seems you didn’t understand my words,” the boy who claimed to be Iblis said. He sounded genuinely regretful. “I shall have to take this rather inconvenient form, then—just my soul. Allow me to correct one thing, Ira. I am not here due to Typhon’s command. I am simply a weak Scrap that escaped the underworld. I admit that I can’t live outside of this tower, though. The mana in this place is too scarce, so the very air is like poison to me. In fact, the tower itself barely sustains me.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...”</p>

      <p><em>So if I break the tower...it’ll defeat him?</em></p>

      <p>“I would prefer you refrain,” Iblis said. “If you try, I will attack in earnest.”</p>

      <p>He’d read my mind, just like Noah and Eir always did. It still seemed weird that he would outright state his weakness, though. I made sure I was ready to cast the divine rank spell at any moment.</p>

      <p>He seemed to pick up on my thoughts once more, and he sent an easy smile in my direction.</p>

      <p>“Future Hero Makoto Takatsuki of Roses.”</p>

      <p>I let his words hang in the silent air for a few moments. “What? I find it odd that you know me.”</p>

      <p>Anna and the others seemed shaken, but I wasn’t surprised—Iblis was a god, so he must have known about me this whole time.</p>

      <p>The boy scoffed. “It’s hardly odd. I manipulated the past when I revived in the future to deal with the Hero of Light. I had not expected an assassin to be sent from the future. And Noah’s apostle at that...” His voice dropped in volume at the end of his statement.</p>

      <p>“Well, you revived in the future. Why not just put in all this effort during that era?”</p>

      <p>It was because of his manipulations that I’d had to travel through time.</p>

      <p>“Surely you already know. The rulers in the future are humans. Demons are relegated to the northern continent, and too few of our pillars of strength, the demon lords, still survive. There is no chance of victory in the future.”</p>

      <p>I stared silently back at him. He was speaking sadly, but it all felt like lies. Eir had once said that a fight against the Great Demon Lord would be a fifty-fifty shot.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto...”</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>Momo and Cain had come around properly while I’d been buying time. We were all more or less safe. Just one problem: all Iblis needed to do was revert to his blighted form, and it would knock everyone out again.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki, use the divine rank spell to destroy this tower. That will prevent him from using his full power even in his true form,” Ira said. “Then just leave the rest to the Hero of Light.”</p>

      <p>I gave a small nod. <em>That was my idea too. There’s nothing else we can do.</em></p>

      <p>I put my hand around the necklace she’d given me.</p>

      <p>“Are you going to waste your anima like that?” Iblis asked, stopping me.</p>

      <p>“Waste?”</p>

      <p>It was an odd way of putting it. Was there a better way?</p>

      <p>“Of course. You want to use her anima to destroy the tower, but you could use it to strengthen yourself instead. You could become an invincible warrior or archmage. After all, divine magic can cause any miracle.”</p>

      <p>“Is that possible, Ira?” I asked. I wasn’t going to take Iblis at his word.</p>

      <p>She didn’t reply.</p>

      <p>“If you wanted to make yourself unaging and undying, you could easily return to the future. That’s your greatest wish, is it not?”</p>

      <p>That startled me.</p>

      <p>Since I’d traveled to the past, I’d assumed I’d need to travel back. But if I made myself immortal...I could <em>live</em> the thousand years. The future would, in essence, travel to me.</p>

      <p>Divine magic could do that, huh...</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto Takatsuki...it...” Ira’s voice was shaky.</p>

      <p>“It would seem that the goddess does not agree with that method. Well, it is anima granted to you by her mistake. A demigod birthed through it would be far from convenient for her.”</p>

      <p>Ira didn’t refute his words. So he was dead-on.</p>

      <p><em>A way back...</em></p>

      <p>I finally had one. Actually, I’d had one for a while, though I hadn’t realized I could use the anima here to get back home.</p>

      <p>Iblis seemed to notice the hesitation, so he continued.</p>

      <p>“How about it? Renounce the goddesses and their ceaseless demands. Join me.”</p>

      <p>“We need another ruler of the western continent. That position is now vacant,” Queen Nevia added with a smile.</p>

      <p><em>They aren’t attacking—just talking. This must be the main event.</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto...” Anna murmured, gripping my arm. I looked back and saw that both Cain and Mel were looking uneasy.</p>

      <p>I already knew my answer, though.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately for you, I’m not becoming a demon lord.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” Queen Nevia said with a disappointed look.</p>

      <p>The expression of Iblis’s boyish form didn’t change.</p>

      <p>“That makes sense. After all, you are here through Althena’s divine edict to serve the Hero of Light, and you possess Ira’s anima. The seat of a demon lord is far from sufficient.”</p>

      <p>Iblis floated through the air, getting closer to me. Unlike the mass of flesh over the throne, this form didn’t seem threatening at all. The boy, with artificially perfect features, spoke to me with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki, if you join me, I shall grant you half of the world.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” Queen Nevia exclaimed in shock. “Lord Iblis, are you serious?!”</p>

      <p>Anna and the others also gasped. Even I was a little surprised.</p>

      <p>“How generous,” I said.</p>

      <p>“You are worth it. You need not be a State-Authorized Hero of some tiny nation in the future. You should be ruling this world. And if you use that anima, you can do so for almost eternity.”</p>

      <p>His voice caressed my ears.</p>

      <p>“Now, just take my hand, and you can rule this world with me.”</p>

      <p>He smiled, and letters on a screen appeared at his side.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you take half of the world from Iblis?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code></p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>