<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Makoto Takatsuki Reunites with the Witch of Calamity</h1>

      <p>This was Queen Nevia of Laphroaig. No one called her by that name a thousand years from now.</p>

      <p>The Witch of Calamity—that was her alias. She was a traitor to humanity and a priestess of curses. Those feelings about her, all of them negative, were all that remained in the future. And yet, this woman was here grinning innocently at me.</p>

      <p>“Why have you stopped us, Lady Nevia? It was Great Iblis’s order that the Hero of Light’s party was to be killed,” said Astaroth in his deep, booming voice.</p>

      <p>“Allowing <em>Cocytus</em> to persist will see the citizens of the northern continent perish. Also, if you continue your battle here, the spell will catch the immobilized demon lords, will it not?”</p>

      <p>The queen’s words prompted me to glance around. She was right—Barbatos, Valac, and Zagan had all been quelled by the divine rank spell.</p>

      <p>There was something strange about this, though.</p>

      <p><em>Why’s she moving?</em></p>

      <p>Erinyes could move because she’d once been an angel in the heavenly realm. Astaroth was mobile because he had the blood of the dragon gods in his veins.</p>

      <p>Priestess or not, she should be human. Even the demon lords couldn’t move within <em>Cocytus</em>, so how was she prancing around?</p>

      <p>After a pause, Anna yelled out, “Whose side are you on? You’re the queen of Laphroaig, aren’t you?!”</p>

      <p>From her perspective, seeing the monarch speaking amicably to the demon lords was a shock.</p>

      <p>“I am on everyone’s side.” Queen Nevia smiled. “Naturally, that includes you.”</p>

      <p><em>She’s got some nerve...</em></p>

      <p>No, she was definitely on the demons’ side. History considered her to be evil, just like the demon lords.</p>

      <p>Still, she didn’t show a sign of malice.</p>

      <p>Anna kept looking at her suspiciously. Balamung stayed at the ready. She hadn’t accepted the queen’s words at face value.</p>

      <p>“Nevia, it’s pointless. Your precious <em>Charm</em> won’t work on them,” Erinyes said.</p>

      <p>“Well, I <em>had</em> wanted to settle this peacefully...”</p>

      <p>Erinyes took flight and hovered next to Queen Nevia. Looking more closely, I could see that the queen’s eyes were glowing gold. So she <em>had</em> been intending to charm us. What was peaceful about <em>that</em>?!</p>

      <p>I felt uneasy, and I glanced over at Anna’s face...</p>

      <p>We were fine. She wasn’t charmed. I’d just been imagining the momentary charm earlier. <em>I must have been.</em></p>

      <p>Queen Nevia gave a small sigh, then approached us. “I suppose I’ll just have to ask.”</p>

      <p>Her aura didn’t feel threatening at all. Compared to the other two demon lords, she seemed harmless. Still, Anna and I took several steps back as she approached.</p>

      <p>“Sir hero, can I ask you to cease this <em>Cocytus</em>?” she asked me, maintaining her smile.</p>

      <p>“You mustn’t, Makoto Takatsuki,” warned Ira.</p>

      <p>“I know.”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t like she had to tell me that. <em>Cocytus </em>was my lifeline. The moment I stopped it, the demon lords would kill me.</p>

      <p>“Gallant hero, Makoto Takatsuki,” Queen Nevia called out. Her voice was sweet, and it almost seemed like she’d whispered directly into my ear.</p>

      <p>“What?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“On your way here, you came across a village of poor demons, did you not?”</p>

      <p>I was silent for a moment. <em>So she was watching us.</em></p>

      <p>“What of it?”</p>

      <p>“If <em>Cocytus</em> reaches completion, those innocent children will die,” she proclaimed. “Not just that—this spell is <em>divine</em> magic, something that can cause even more pain than death. Surely that is excessively cruel, would you not agree? Hero, are you someone who can carry out such brutality?”</p>

      <p>Her voice wasn’t critical—she just gently asked the question.</p>

      <p>She was also correct. Divine magic affected a huge range. And since I was human, I couldn’t entirely control it. It would eventually engulf everyone on the continent. She’d given me a painful reminder.</p>

      <p>“It’s because you made us suffer! Without any reason!” Anna cried out.</p>

      <p>“Yet newborn children and demon-human couples exist on this continent in great numbers. Many of them live out their whole lives here in peace, never leaving this place. You demand all of their deaths? Is that your desire, Hero?”</p>

      <p>“It’s not the same!” Anna insisted, refusing the retreat. Her voice was weaker, though. I stepped out in front of her.</p>

      <p>“You’re supposed to be negotiating with me,” I cut in. “But no matter what you say, I’m not stopping the spell.”</p>

      <p>In honesty, indiscriminately killing everyone on the continent hurt me quite a bit... If I hadn’t possessed <em>Calm Mind</em>, I might not have been able to cope. Still, there was no way I was stopping the spell.</p>

      <p>Queen Nevia seemed to have expected that. Her smile did not falter.</p>

      <p>“Hero, your aim is Lord Iblis’s life, is it not?”</p>

      <p>“Nevia? What are you doing?” Erinyes demanded with a suspicious look. I was trying to divine her intentions as well.</p>

      <p>“Well, gallant hero, you <em>will</em> be able to meet our great lord.”</p>

      <p>People on both sides gasped in shock. I just quietly watched her, though. Her smile was unchanging, unreadable.</p>

      <p>“It’s a trap, right?” I asked.</p>

      <p>She chuckled in response. “Who can say? Still, such opportunities are few and far between.”</p>

      <p><em>She didn’t actually refute my statement.</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki,” Ira said. “You mustn’t be deceived.”</p>

      <p>I nodded. I couldn’t just take the queen at her word.</p>

      <p>“Naturally, I realize that this offer alone does not amount to real negotiations,” continued Queen Nevia. “I therefore have a gift for you all.”</p>

      <p>She offered up a prayer to the heavens.</p>

      <p><em>My great master, I beseech thee for a fleeting night.</em></p>

      <p>She...wasn’t praying to Naya?</p>

      <p>I didn’t have the time to actually think that through—her words triggered something completely absurd. The light of the sun went out and we were engulfed in darkness. Then, the moon and a blanket of stars appeared in the sky.</p>

      <p>“What the...?”</p>

      <p>I jolted. Ira frantically tried to figure out what had happened.</p>

      <p>“Anna!” I yelled. I saw that she had paled significantly.</p>

      <p>The source of her power was sunlight. And since it was now nighttime, her strength had been cut in half!</p>

      <p>“Worry not,” said Queen Nevia. “This night is for but a moment.” She still showed no sign of coming to attack us.</p>

      <p><em>I speak to all of you living on this continent,</em> her voice echoed. <em>The Hero of Light and her companions are not to be harmed.</em></p>

      <p>Despite the lack of volume in the queen’s voice, it seemed to travel everywhere.</p>

      <p><em>Breaking this pact will bring death upon you.</em></p>

      <p>And with that decidedly unsettling comment, she was finished. The area brightened as the sunlight returned.</p>

      <p>“What do you say, Hero?”</p>

      <p>“Well, you just...” I trailed off. They’d just been words, after all.</p>

      <p>I quickly looked into Erinyes’s eyes.</p>

      <p>“What are you playing at, Nevia?” she demanded. “You’ve even cursed <em>us</em>.”</p>

      <p>That was right—the queen’s words <em>were</em> a curse.</p>

      <p>“I had no choice. If I hadn’t done so, the hero would’ve kept his spell going.”</p>

      <p>She’d really bound the entirety of the continent...? But surely that was the realm of divine magic.</p>

      <p>When she noticed my suspicious look, she giggled. “The citizens here are usually charmed, so it was simple,” she remarked nonchalantly.</p>

      <p>Furiae had once told me about <em>Charm</em> being a type of curse. So was Queen Nevia telling the truth?</p>

      <p>“She’s right—no doubt about it,” Ira added. “All citizens of the continent have been cursed to die if they activate the condition. That is, if they cause Anna or her comrades any harm.”</p>

      <p>The goddess’s words wiped away any chance that Queen Nevia was lying.</p>

      <p>“But she could just release it, so surely she can break the agreement...” Anna pointed out.</p>

      <p>“Releasing a curse is far harder than laying one. It would likely take several days,” Ira refuted.</p>

      <p>So the citizens <em>truly</em> couldn’t attack us? <em>Then we can just keep up on the offensive.</em></p>

      <p>That thought had no sooner passed through my head than Ira spoke up.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki... That would be...”</p>

      <p>“I was kidding, Ira.” Massacring the defenseless wasn’t going to be acceptable.</p>

      <p>Queen Nevia’s smile never slipped. There was a vague sense of something terrifying behind that grin.</p>

      <p><em>Well, there is actually a benefit to stopping the spell...</em></p>

      <p>If I didn’t let it go to completion, there would still be anima left in my body. In other words, I could cast it again—albeit on a smaller scale.</p>

      <p>Our ultimate goal was to reach Iblis. The fighting forces of the continent couldn’t attack us due to the curse. Iblis himself was apparently willing to meet us. Having anima left on top of that really made it feel like this wasn’t a trap.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...” Anna said uneasily, tugging at my sleeve. Her face looked drawn, and I wanted to let her rest.</p>

      <p>“I’ll halt <em>Cocytus</em>,” I said eventually.</p>

      <p>The strength slipped from my body as the spell ceased. I felt on the verge of collapse, but I managed to remain upright. The whitened world was gradually regaining its color.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Hero,” the queen said. She seemed to understand that I had kept my word.</p>

      <p>“Well that’s just ruined everything,” Erinyes complained. “I came rushing here from the southern continent and now I’m cursed and unable to even attack the Hero of Light. I’m heading back.”</p>

      <p>Erinyes unfurled her wings and flew off into the sky.</p>

      <p>Astaroth just quietly looked down at us. I couldn’t tell what he was thinking, but he didn’t seem like he was going to attack. We had a temporary ceasefire, it seemed.</p>

      <p>I sighed in relief.</p>

      <p>“Oh, so Eri’s gone.”</p>

      <p>“Gah!” I yelled as I felt immense pressure on my neck. I was quickly hoisted up into the air. My consciousness was fading, but I managed to discern that it was Barbatos who had me by the throat.</p>

      <p>“Makoto!” Anna yelped.</p>

      <p>“Don’t move, Hero of Light,” another voice croaked. That was Valac—he stood in front of Anna.</p>

      <p>So they were back? C’mon, they weren’t abiding by the condition—</p>

      <p>“I’m killing him,” Barbatos declared. “That’s fine, right, Lady Nevia?”</p>

      <p>“Ah... You mustn’t.”</p>

      <p>Barbatos’s claws were pressing into my neck.</p>

      <p><em>Ack... Passing out...</em></p>

      <p>I was fading fast and nearly unconscious.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto!” Johnnie and Momo shouted in unison as they clung to me.</p>

      <p>Huh? I was free?</p>

      <p>“These two insisted on returning. Elementalist, that was close.”</p>

      <p>Even Mel had arrived. <em>But wait, what about Barbatos?!</em></p>

      <p>“Oh... You used a <em>Teleport</em> to strike me. I may have just taken a divine rank spell, but I was careless just now.” Barbatos was swaying where he stood, apparently wounded.</p>

      <p>I looked closer and saw that the arm he’d been using to hold me up had been lopped off. Johnnie’s sword was unsheathed—he must have done it.</p>

      <p>“Lady Nevia... That curse is...well rooted...”</p>

      <p>Blood was flowing from Barbatos’s mouth as he glared at the queen.</p>

      <p>“I told you not to,” she retorted with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Um...I nearly died there.” I glared reproachfully at Queen Nevia.</p>

      <p>“My apologies. And Barbatos’s as well,” she said lightly.</p>

      <p>I crossed my arms. “Well, I expect you to keep up your end of the agreement. I want to see Iblis.”</p>

      <p>“Of course. I shall escort you presently.”</p>

      <p>Having tried to kill me, it seemed like Barbatos was on the verge of death from the curse’s effects. Queen Nevia was the only one still at ease. The other demon lords were glaring at her, detest radiating from their eyes. However, none of them moved to attack. One after another, they vanished.</p>

      <p>Finally, a handsome man approached—Barbatos.</p>

      <p>“Ah, sorry ’bout that, Hero. You nearly died,” he said casually. The arm had already regenerated, but he still looked unwell because of the curse.</p>

      <p>“That curse seems to be taking its toll on you too,” I retorted.</p>

      <p>“More than a little. I have four lives, so I thought I could sacrifice one to get you. The curse was worse than I thought, though. I might have lost all four if I’d actually gone through with it. I should be thanking you for saving me.” He chuckled. “I’ll be taking my leave... Can you humans maintain your sanity facing the Great One?”</p>

      <p>At that, he teleported away.</p>

      <p>Valac and Zagan had already gone. The only one left was...</p>

      <p>“Helemmelk.”</p>

      <p>Astaroth had remained until last. He spoke Mel’s name. Simply hearing him speak was overwhelming.</p>

      <p>Mel’s expression was awkward as she looked away.</p>

      <p>“I have business with you. Find me later.”</p>

      <p>With those parting words, he left. Mel looked much better with him gone. Was she okay...?</p>

      <p>Either way, all of the demon lords had departed.</p>

      <p>The only people still here were Anna, Johnnie, Momo, Mel, and Queen Nevia. Though, black-armored dragon knights were gathering around us as well. They were presumably able to move again now that my spell was gone. They had pursued us before, but this time, none of them showed any sign of hostility.</p>

      <p>“Lord Iblis will meet you tomorrow. Please rest within our city until then.”</p>

      <p>“‘Our city’?” I repeated. I thought the only city she could claim governance of was...</p>

      <p>“We’re going back to Laphroaig?”</p>

      <p>“No, to the capital of this continent—the city the Great One rules.”</p>

      <p>“That’s...?”</p>

      <p>She didn’t clarify. “Follow me.” She remounted the blight dragon and flew off, ignoring our confusion.</p>

      <p>We quickly got onto Mel’s back and followed. After soaring through the gray skies for a while, we eventually saw a wide-open area.</p>

      <p>“We have arrived,” Queen Nevia spoke.</p>

      <p>“Wah...”</p>

      <p>I could hear Momo marveling. Johnnie and Anna were both dumbfounded.</p>

      <p>The capital of the demon continent. In this era, it was the seat of Iblis’s power. I’d imagined a massive city, but this...</p>

      <p>Buildings seemed to continue on endlessly. The sheer height of them made me think it was a slice of Tokyo. It was a far more developed city than even Highland’s capital.</p>

      <p>Queen Nevia guided us to a fancy-looking hotel.</p>

      <p>“Please, rest well. I shall come for you tomorrow,” she said before departing.</p>

      <p>This was the capital of the demon continent, Lees. It was home to countless demons and the infrastructure spread as far as the eye could see.</p>

      <p>The most noticeable thing about Lees was that it had no outer walls.</p>

      <p>A thousand years from now, all towns had walls—Laphroaig’s capital had them right now. However, this city did not. That meant they did not fear an external attack.</p>

      <p>We were led to a hotel suite by some polite demons. The space was filled with fine furnishings, and it was private—no one but us was using any of these rooms. We practically had the run of the place. We were wary of an attack for a while, but absolutely nothing happened, so gradually, we relaxed.</p>

      <p><em>We can’t just wait, though. That would be a waste of time.</em></p>

      <p>“What are we doing tomorrow?” I asked everyone.</p>

      <p>Nevia was bringing us to meet Iblis. It was almost certainly a trap.</p>

      <p>“We should escape!” Momo said, providing the obvious option. Leaving the continent would be the safest option.</p>

      <p>“But surely this is our chance to defeat Iblis?” Johnnie stated. “We can retreat at any time.”</p>

      <p>His view was entirely understandable as well. After all, our aim was to slay Iblis. This was our ultimate goal, and it was now right before our eyes. Could we really let this chance slip through our fingers?</p>

      <p>“What in the world are they aiming for?” Anna asked, looking at me uneasily. “They wanted...to kill me, right?”</p>

      <p>She was right—before Queen Nevia had arrived, the demon lords had been persistently pursuing Anna under orders to kill the Hero of Light.</p>

      <p>“You do not need to consider the Great Demon Lord’s reasoning so deeply. I believe he will offer an invitation.” Mel said this as if it were obvious.</p>

      <p>“An invitation? To what?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Mel carried on in the same tone. “An invitation for the one who defeated Bifrons, ruler of the western continent. The Great Demon Lord will ask if that person wants to take his place.”</p>

      <p>“I would never do that!” Anna exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Not what I mean, Hero,” Mel said, waving off Anna’s indignation.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Then, Mel pointed directly at me. “Elementalist, I believe he will ask <em>you</em> if you wish to take Bifrons’s place.”</p>

      <p>Her eyes were fixed on my own.</p>

      <p><em>Me?</em></p>

      <p>“Why?” I asked. “Anna was the one who defeated him.”</p>

      <p>“But you are the one who made it possible. Additionally, you used a divine rank spell. Iblis has made this offer on many occasions in the past. The latest would be that dark knight of his.”</p>

      <p>I heard a grinding of teeth. <em>Ah, that would be Cain—an apostle of Noah just like me and the killer of Anna’s mentor. Right, he’s a newbie demon lord.</em></p>

      <p>“C’mon, Teacher Mel! Sir Makoto wouldn’t do something like that...”</p>

      <p>“If the elementalist rules the continent as a demon lord, then he could bring peace. The people of Labyrinthos would be able to live safely as well.”</p>

      <p>“B-But...”</p>

      <p>Momo’s eyes were wide. She fell silent.</p>

      <p>“That...could be quite a good suggestion.”</p>

      <p>“Johnnie?!” Anna exclaimed in disbelief, glaring at the long-haired elf.</p>

      <p>“Assume that Sir Makoto accepts and Iblis lets his guard down around his new ally. That could work to our advantage—we might even defeat him. What do you think, Sir Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Lulling him into a false sense of security...” I muttered.</p>

      <p>Johnnie shrugged. “A common tactic, no?”</p>

      <p>“You’re not the nicest of people, huh?” I snorted.</p>

      <p>It was...a surprisingly good suggestion. Well, good except for the fact that Anna was glaring at us from behind.</p>

      <p>I turned to the so-far silent goddess who’d been watching over all of this. “Ira, what do you think?”</p>

      <p>The other three surely couldn’t have heard her, but they all fell silent as well.</p>

      <p><em>I cannot see the threads of fate around Iblis. He has a defense against my sight...</em></p>

      <p>So she wasn’t sure. Well, I’d heard the same before.</p>

      <p><em>Johnnie’s right, though—it could be a chance. You would still have my anima, so you could escape if necessary.</em></p>

      <p>Right. I’d only <em>half</em> activated that spell earlier. Since I’d cut it off partway through, I still had a small amount of anima left.</p>

      <p>“Can we not defeat him outright?” I asked.</p>

      <p><em>It would be nice if you could...but he likely knows that you have my anima. I’m sure he’s taken precautions.</em></p>

      <p>“That’s concerning.”</p>

      <p><em>Rather, yes,</em> she replied with an exhausted sigh.</p>

      <p>“So, are you <em>for</em> meeting him, or <em>against</em>?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Silence.</p>

      <p>“Ira?”</p>

      <p><em>I believe this is a significant opportunity... You could defeat him.</em></p>

      <p>That was a considerably less certain reply than usual. Something must’ve been worrying her.</p>

      <p>“Elementalist, what did she say?” Mel had apparently gotten tired of me muttering to myself, so she demanded answers.</p>

      <p>“She thinks it’s a worthwhile chance, so it could be a good idea,” I answered. “If it comes to it, I can use the anima to get us out of there.”</p>

      <p>“I see,” Johnnie replied, his tone neutral.</p>

      <p>Momo whimpered. “It’s scary...”</p>

      <p>“Let us follow the goddess’s instructions,” said Mel.</p>

      <p>After everyone else had spoken, Anna grabbed my arm. “Makoto,” she said, her face the gravest out of any of us.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“You won’t become a demon lord, will you?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Her expression was so serious that I’d wondered what she might ask. I was sure that if I’d been looking in a mirror, I would’ve seen my reflection gaping like a goldfish.</p>

      <p>“Of course I won’t,” I replied. Heartfelt relief spread across her face.</p>

      <p>“You won’t? That’s a shame,” Johnnie remarked.</p>

      <p>So apparently he <em>had</em> wanted me to go through with it. If the only goal was to bring peace to the continent without fighting, I would’ve certainly agreed. But...</p>

      <p>“I’m a human. Even if I did accept, I’d bring a hundred years of peace at best. What would they do about the demon lord of the continent <em>then</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Bifrons is not completely destroyed,” Mel explained. “The Hero of Light’s attack simply took away the majority of his power, so he will be able to resurrect in a millennium. I would wager that the Great Demon Lord wishes to make you into an interim demon lord.”</p>

      <p>Anna had thought she’d defeated Bifrons, but according to Mel, he’d be back. I’d actually seen that happen with my own two eyes.</p>

      <p>“So the final battle with Iblis is tomorrow. That’s okay, right?”</p>

      <p>I looked at everyone in turn and they all nodded back to me.</p>

      <p>“Hm... So our course is decided.” Johnnie hung his blade at his waist and swung his cloak over his shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Where are you going?” Momo asked.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s the first time I’ve been here, so there should be plenty to see.”</p>

      <p>“A-Are you serious?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s a city of demons!”</p>

      <p>Momo and Anna were both shocked.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto, the demons of the city are all beholden to the queen of Laphroaig’s curse—this prevents them from attacking us, no?”</p>

      <p><em>I’m sure of it!</em> Ira chirped in my head.</p>

      <p>“Yep. Ira says so.”</p>

      <p>“Then it should be no concern.”</p>

      <p>With that, Johnnie left the room. He sure had guts... Neither Anna nor Momo seemed interested in going out. Instead, they sat down on the beds and looked out of the windows.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll get bored just waiting around, though...</em></p>

      <p>I considered training, but then Mel walked up to me with an awkward look.</p>

      <p>“Say, Elementalist, do you have some free time?”</p>

      <p>“As you can see, I’ve got more time than I know what to do with.”</p>

      <p>All we had left to do was wait until tomorrow.</p>

      <p>“There’s somewhere I want you to accompany me.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind. Where?”</p>

      <p>Mel had been indispensable. I wasn’t just going to turn her down. I was still wondering where in the world we were going.</p>

      <p>Anna perked up. “I’ll come too!”</p>

      <p>“Me too!” Momo insisted.</p>

      <p>Mel shook her head. “It is somewhat dangerous— No, not exactly dangerous, but I cannot take the two of you with us... My apologies, but I would like to borrow the elementalist for a while.”</p>

      <p>“Very well,” Anna replied eventually.</p>

      <p>“Aww, we have to stay hereeee?”</p>

      <p>Anna’s unhappiness was just peeking through, but Momo’s was plain to see.</p>

      <p>Personally, I was most caught up on the fact that the first adjective she’d gone for was “dangerous.” Seriously, where was she taking me?</p>

      <p>And so, we left Anna and Momo behind and headed out.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“So...we’re walking?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Well, it is close to the hotel.”</p>

      <p>I’d been expecting to fly to wherever we were going, but apparently not. We strolled at a relaxed pace through the city, passing by a veritable parade of demons. There were plenty of stores along the street, and business seemed to be booming. It was an active place, but something was still bothering me.</p>

      <p>“Everyone’s charmed,” I observed.</p>

      <p>Mel nodded. “None of the inhabitants seem bothered.”</p>

      <p>Was it all due to Queen Nevia’s abilities? If so, that was kind of absurd.</p>

      <p>“There are so many people...” Mel murmured.</p>

      <p>“There are.”</p>

      <p>“Even more people than buildings. I wonder if they all live in the city.”</p>

      <p>There were many houses, but the city seemed too populated for even that.</p>

      <p>“Maybe they commute,” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps. Also...there are many ghosts and undead.”</p>

      <p>“There are.”</p>

      <p>A fair portion of the passing demons were transparent ghosts, zombies, or skeletons. None of them were armed, and all seemed fairly at ease being in close proximity to the crowd.</p>

      <p>Some of the stores and stalls called out to us, but we didn’t stop.</p>

      <p>After a while of walking, Mel stopped in front of a huge estate. It seemed even bigger than the castle in Highland. I could only assume that someone important or influential lived here. The size of the gate was similarly absurd. At the very least, it seemed too big for a human to open.</p>

      <p>The reason for that soon made itself quite clear.</p>

      <p>“Welcome.”</p>

      <p>The voice came from a dragon who addressed Mel and then opened the gate. <em>The lord of the manor is probably also a dragon. </em>Well, that made sense, given the size of everything.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Elementalist.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right.” I glanced at the dragon guard, who was looking rather fixedly at me. “Um... Mel, could you tell me why we’re here already?”</p>

      <p>“To see Astaroth,” she said.</p>

      <p>Well, considering who the guard was, I guess I’d sort of expected that.</p>

      <p>“Uh, so...why are we coming to see the strongest demon lord?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“He told me to. I’m sure you heard.”</p>

      <p>“I did... But why am <em>I</em> with you?”</p>

      <p>“The reason I am assisting you is due to my loss in Labyrinthos—you defeated me on my own territory. Ancient dragons follow the strong. Explaining that will be easiest with you present.”</p>

      <p>“But this is a <em>demon lord</em> we’re talking about,” I pointed out. “Is it really going to end with just talking?”</p>

      <p>“He is an acquaintance of mine. Additionally, he should be unable to attack due to Queen Nevia’s curse.”</p>

      <p>Mel was an ancient dragon, so there was indeed some connection between the two of them. I knew that, but...</p>

      <p>“Astaroth has the blood of the dragon gods, so isn’t it possible that the curse won’t affect him?”</p>

      <p>“I’m impressed you know about that.”</p>

      <p>“Ira told me.”</p>

      <p>“Worry not—it will be fine. Let us go. I do not feel like progressing alone.”</p>

      <p>Ah. So essentially, she was scared and didn’t want to go on her own.</p>

      <p>I paused for a moment and then agreed. “Fine.”</p>

      <p>Honestly, I really wanted to head back, but didn’t think I’d be able to. Massive doors large enough to permit even giants to pass opened up before us. Mel strode rapidly forward. I followed behind her with much less certainty, looking around as I did.</p>

      <p>There was a heavy thud as the door closed behind us.</p>

      <p><em>Well, now I really can’t head back.</em></p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Elementalist?”</p>

      <p>“I’m scared,” I told her frankly.</p>

      <p>“Hah.” Amusement glittered in her eyes. “So there are things even you fear.”</p>

      <p>What exactly did she think of me? Well, I’d come this far, so it was time to see it through. I set <em>Calm Mind</em> to 99%, and...</p>

      <p>With more surety, we headed up the main stairs. Directly at the top, we passed through another door into a hall. Facing us was...a throne.</p>

      <p>A man clad in black sat atop it. He seemed to be over three meters tall. He wasn’t as big as a giant, but it was also obvious that he wasn’t human.</p>

      <p>He looked down at us with a sharp gleam in his eyes.</p>

      <p>“That’s...”</p>

      <p>“Astaroth,” Mel answered my whisper.</p>

      <p>He may have looked different. But the miasma coming off of him proved he was the same demon lord that had been menacing us earlier. Like Mel, he had taken on a human form.</p>

      <p>The path up to the throne was covered by a bloodred carpet. We walked along it, huge warriors flanking us on either side. The glimpses of their skin that we could see were decorated in scalelike patterns, so they were probably dragons as well.</p>

      <p>We arrived within a few meters of Astaroth. For a while, silence reigned.</p>

      <p><em>Mel, say something!</em> I “said” with a look.</p>

      <p>She seemed even more nervous than I’d anticipated. Her expression was tight.</p>

      <p>Astaroth was the first to open his mouth.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Welcome, my daughter.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Mel was silent for several moments.</p>

      <p>“It has been a while, father,” she answered reluctantly.</p>

      <p>Ira had told me about this before, so I already knew their connection. That didn’t change my feelings though. It was honestly shocking—a thousand years from now, she would be known as the holy dragon who’d joined Abel’s party.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Astaroth’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>It had been a few hundred years since I’d seen my daughter.</p>

      <p>I had been all but sure that she would arrive alone, but there was a human man at her side. At a glance, he looked like a weakling with a pittance of mana. The army already knew of him, though.</p>

      <p>This was the first master of the Undyne in over a dozen millennia. There had never been a human elementalist of his ilk before.</p>

      <p>Initially, we had assumed that the Hero of Light the Great One had informed us of was the main person to watch. Now, though, we knew of someone more dangerous. There was no way we could ignore an individual capable of divine rank magic.</p>

      <p>Why, of all people, had she brought him?</p>

      <p>“A while indeed, my daughter.”</p>

      <p>My voice boomed through the room. It had been a considerable span of time since we’d last met. Unhappy with my decision to serve the Great One, she had vanished from my side long ago.</p>

      <p>I had never expected that our reunion would take such a form.</p>

      <p>“You seem in good health,” she replied.</p>

      <p>She had a rather sulky attitude at the moment. I’d thought she might have calmed down by now, but she was apparently still rather immature.</p>

      <p>The man next to her simply looked around curiously.</p>

      <p><em>What is he thinking...?</em></p>

      <p>He was standing in front of a demon lord, in said demon lord’s castle—he could have at least had the decency to look ill at ease. But nothing seemed to move him.</p>

      <p>He turned his gaze my way.</p>

      <p>I suppressed my irritation and turned my attention to my daughter. “Why are you an ally of this human?”</p>

      <p>“For the same reason as you ally with <em>him</em>. I am simply following the strong.”</p>

      <p>I paused. “So the man at your side has taken you in,” I said harshly.</p>

      <p>“It is the ancient dragons’ pride to respect strength, is it not?”</p>

      <p>I raised my voice. “And tomorrow, the Great One will be here. At that point, it will all be over.” Indeed, no one could stand up to him.</p>

      <p>“You cannot be certain of that,” she argued. “Even <em>you</em> were cowed today.”</p>

      <p>“Equating us and him is...folly.”</p>

      <p>“When did you lose your spine?”</p>

      <p>No good. She had blind faith in the elementalist. My words would not reach her. I had no other choice but to ask the man.</p>

      <p>I faced him. “What is your name?”</p>

      <p>This was the first time I’d ever inquired after a human’s name. But all he did was look blankly back at me. My daughter answered for him instead.</p>

      <p>“Father, he is Makoto Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p><em>Why are you speaking in his stead?</em></p>

      <p>Instead of voicing that, I addressed the man once more. “Makoto Takatsuki. You were the one to defeat my friend.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t help it—my voice grew harsh. I had known Bifrons for a long time. Apparently, he was not completely gone...but it was unthinkable that a <em>human</em> could defeat him.</p>

      <p>“I was lucky,” he said simply.</p>

      <p>“Hmm.”</p>

      <p>Lucky. That would not have been enough to defeat Bifrons. The man was mocking me.</p>

      <p>I stood from my throne, slowly approaching this Makoto Takatsuki. He showed some fear, but he neither moved to run nor hide. Nevia’s curse meant that I could not attack him anyway.</p>

      <p>Oddly, there was still an air of calm about him too, despite the fact that he was standing in a demon lord’s castle. He was surrounded by veteran ancient dragons and standing in front of <em>me</em>. What nerves did he possess? Perhaps he was simply confident after launching a divine rank spell.</p>

      <p>“You have anima dwelling within your body. But even that will not help you against the Great One.”</p>

      <p>Our leader was on another level—he was so far above us demon lords. If this man assumed that such a half-hearted spell would defeat the Great One, he would be sorely mistaken.</p>

      <p>“I won’t know until I try,” said Makoto Takatsuki.</p>

      <p>“Pointless. Cease your foolishness. Just submit.”</p>

      <p>“Father, it is pointless. The elementalist is one of the goddesses in heaven’s apostles. You can’t stop him.”</p>

      <p>A goddess’s apostle. That was irritating. As soon as they saw their gods, they were lost. The black knight who believed in that wicked deity was the same.</p>

      <p>All of them fell without exception. A conversation was impossible.</p>

      <p><em>No... My daughter will earn His enmity.</em></p>

      <p>There had to be some way around that. Perhaps I could ignore the curse and force the matter.</p>

      <p>The man seemed to understand my thoughts because he soon spoke. “Astaroth, you need not worry. If we can’t manage to defeat Iblis, we’ll just escape.”</p>

      <p>“What...?”</p>

      <p>I was taken aback by his words. Had he not just skated through the jaws of death, surrounded by demon lords, solely to challenge the Great One? Why would he so easily suggest fleeing?</p>

      <p>“You think you can escape while in his sight?!”</p>

      <p>An enraged yell thundered out of my mouth. Even <em>I</em> had realized with a glance that surrender to the Great One was my only option. That was the level of being <em>He</em> was. The fear I had felt back then welled up within me once more. Without intending it, miasma overflowed from my body, putting pressure on them.</p>

      <p>My subordinates all cowered back.</p>

      <p><em>Ack, I should not have been so intense with a human.</em></p>

      <p>Regretfully, I looked back at the elementalist.</p>

      <p>“Well, we’re meeting with him. It’d be rude to not at least say hello,” he said easily.</p>

      <p>The look in his eyes was not that of a broken man.</p>

      <p><em>He... How can he look like that in front of me?</em></p>

      <p>I understood how my daughter was taken in. Vexing as it was. With the courage this man had, I wanted to battle him.</p>

      <p>“Do not assume you will survive spurning my lord. Still, if you <em>do</em> survive, once the priestess’s curse is lifted, challenge me. If you win, I shall grant you the title of dragon lord. All dragons will then obey your command.”</p>

      <p>“Father...are you serious?”</p>

      <p>“Dragon lord?”</p>

      <p>Both of them looked rather shocked.</p>

      <p>“This man brought down my old friend, and took my daughter. On my pride as an ancient dragon, I seek to fight him.”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, my irritation had faded. Now all I had to do was await his reply.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>...................................</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>.........</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>.........</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Faint shapes, almost looking like letters formed near the elementalist. And yet I could not perceive them. It was a strange feeling.</p>

      <p>“Very well, I promise. I’ll challenge you someday,” he readily agreed. My subordinates stirred.</p>

      <p>Intriguing. This man would doubtless appear before me again. I was sure of it.</p>

      <p>In good humor, I told my subordinates to see the man out. My daughter moved to follow, but I called her to stop. We hadn’t gotten much time to speak, so I asked her about her recent travels.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Anna’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p><em>Makoto is taking his time...</em></p>

      <p>Momo and I were waiting for him to get back, but he hadn’t shown any sign of returning.</p>

      <p>“T-Teacher Mel can’t be after him as well, can she?!”</p>

      <p>“Nah, there’s no way,” I answered with a laugh.</p>

      <p>“She might be! Recently, she’s had the same look in her eyes as you do!”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait. Momo?!”</p>

      <p>I hadn’t been looking at him weirdly!</p>

      <p>Well...probably.</p>

      <p>“I <em>am</em> bored, though. Maybe we should head out,” Momo suggested.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s.”</p>

      <p>The others were all away, after all, and it was boring with just the two of us waiting in the hotel room. The shopping district was waiting outside of the building.</p>

      <p>The only other city I’d seen of this scope was in Laphroaig. No, this city was even <em>more</em> developed—it felt like the most advanced city in the world.</p>

      <p>The two of us walked along the main street, looking at the stalls. We were on a different continent, so the food and clothing available were almost all things I’d never seen before. The sellers were all demons, but they didn’t say a word about seeing a human like me. My mentor had taught me that demons were our enemies, and yet everyone in this city smiled in greeting.</p>

      <p>Makoto had told me that they were all charmed, but it honestly felt like all of their evilness had been removed.</p>

      <p><em>Why is this continent so different from the others...?</em></p>

      <p>It wasn’t fair. Humanity wasn’t happy at all on the western continent.</p>

      <p>“Well, you’re a new face,” someone said.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Momo immediately hid behind me. I looked and saw three girls, one of whom had spoken to her. They looked human at a glance, but they all had small fangs poking out.</p>

      <p>They were vampires. I considered that they might be a danger, but they didn’t seem to show any hostility. Apparently, they were just honestly interested in Momo.</p>

      <p>“Did you come from far away?” asked one. “We want to hear your story.”</p>

      <p>“You seem strong—you must have had some quality blood.”</p>

      <p>“Um...” Momo began, flustered. Gradually, she eased up and started talking.</p>

      <p>As far as I knew, she’d never talked with kids of her own age. <em>This might be good for her.</em></p>

      <p>I watched over them for a while from a little distance away, but being on my own wasn’t all that fun.</p>

      <p><em>If Makoto was here...</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, I saw a familiar face.</p>

      <p>“Johnnie?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, Lady Anna.”</p>

      <p>It was indeed the handsome, redheaded elf.</p>

      <p>“We might be protected by the curse, but surely you shouldn’t be on your own,” he said.</p>

      <p>I was about to point out that he wasn’t one to talk, but then I noticed someone at his side. It wasn’t a person I’d met before.</p>

      <p>“Say, is she one of your friends? She’s good-looking,” said the woman. She was a dark elf with dark skin, and she draped herself all over Johnnie.</p>

      <p>“She’s one of the party members I was just telling you about,” he answered.</p>

      <p>“Oh, and your leader controls the Undyne. I’d love to meet him.”</p>

      <p>“U-Um...do you know her, Johnnie?”</p>

      <p>This was the first time I’d met a dark elf—surely they were fully-fledged demons. And yet, she and Johnnie were acting so friendly, almost like acquaintances who’d just so happened to bump into each other.</p>

      <p>“Is she a friend of yours?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“No, we just met.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>So they’d started talking while he was wandering the town? Then why were they <em>so</em> close?!</p>

      <p>“C’mon, let’s hurry up,” she cajoled, tugging at his arm.</p>

      <p>“Um...Johnnie, are you coming back?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be back by morning.”</p>

      <p>“Uh...”</p>

      <p>He was spending the night with her?! This was supposed to be enemy territory.</p>

      <p>“The final battle is tomorrow,” he said sagely. “You should take the opportunity to get your spirits back up. Perhaps spend the night with Sir Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>With that shocking parting comment, he left with the woman.</p>

      <p><em>W-With</em> him...? I couldn’t even imagine it. I flapped a hand to fan my face and cool off.</p>

      <p>Momo was still talking with the vampires.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, maybe I should head back,</em> I thought. Then, I saw him. <em>Makoto!</em></p>

      <p>He was looking around curiously as he walked, heading away from the hotel. He was obviously going out, but <em>where</em> was he going...?</p>

      <p>W-Was he finding some woman?</p>

      <p>Or maybe Momo was right...and he was having a rendezvous with Lady Helemmelk?! <em>No...he couldn’t be. Definitely not.</em> I was still curious, though.</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, I was sneaking after him.</p>

      <p>We went farther and farther into the city, away from all the people. Surely this was the first time he’d been here... Yet he seemed to be following something—he didn’t hesitate and seemed to keep to a specific path.</p>

      <p>Eventually, we arrived somewhere away from the town. It was deserted, and it didn’t seem like anyone <em>ever</em> came here.</p>

      <p>And yet, he had folded his arms and was clearly waiting for someone. As he waited, he trained his water magic. I settled in where he wouldn’t see me and started to watch.</p>

      <p>Time passed and nothing changed. I considered heading back, but then...</p>

      <p>Someone arrived. It wasn’t a woman—that much was a relief. <em>Great, he’s not out for a tryst.</em> But why had he come all the way out here where no one could see him? Who was he meeting?</p>

      <p>When I saw the person he was talking to, I couldn’t believe my eyes.</p>

      <p><em>Wha...?</em></p>

      <p>I felt like my breath might freeze in my chest. My pulse sped up, and I couldn’t stop my hands from shaking.</p>

      <p>Why... Why was <em>he</em> here?</p>

      <p>The man’s face was one I’d seen in Labyrinthos. There was no way I would forget it. Normally, he was completely covered in armor, not showing even a sliver of his face.</p>

      <p>The black knight demon lord. The Wicked Deity’s Apostle. And...the man who’d killed my mentor.</p>

      <p>“Demon lord Cain...” I breathed.</p>

      <p>He was meeting my mentor’s killer.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Ah, that was scary.”</p>

      <p>I left Astaroth’s castle alone. Apparently, Mel was hanging back.</p>

      <p>It seemed like there were still issues between the father and daughter, but considering the amount of time since they had last met, they had things to talk about. I really hoped they took the time to reconcile.</p>

      <p>Right now, I didn’t want to make an enemy of Astaroth. I <em>had</em> promised to fight him at some point, though.</p>

      <p>So, I strolled through all the demons thronging the capital. Luckily, I knew the way back to the hotel because of <em>Mapping</em>. I’d been scared when we’d first arrived, but walking through the town like this made today feel more like a stopover on a journey.</p>

      <p><em>You... The fight with Iblis is </em>tomorrow<em>. Rest, would you? </em>Ira told me.</p>

      <p>She was right, but there was some stuff I was curious about.</p>

      <p>Why are things so peaceful here, Ira?</p>

      <p>In this city—and the village for that matter—no one had attacked us.</p>

      <p><em>Well...that would be because of Nevia’s </em>Charm<em>.</em></p>

      <p>I knew that, but the situation made me wonder. If every being on the planet was charmed in the same way...couldn’t we bring peace to the world?</p>

      <p><em>No! That’s not happening!</em> Ira yelled frantically in my head.</p>

      <p>Kidding, Ira.</p>

      <p><em>Uh... Your thoughts certainly sounded serious.</em></p>

      <p>I came all this way to the past—I’m not going to change my policy now.</p>

      <p>Despite that, though, Nevia didn’t seem as evil as history portrayed her.</p>

      <p><em>Idiot. A woman who uses </em>Charm<em> on anyone who won’t obey her is not a good person.</em></p>

      <p>Well, everyone seemed happy in Laphroaig at least.</p>

      <p>My feelings were churning as I walked.</p>

      <p><em>Hm? </em>Ira asked me what was wrong.</p>

      <p>“×××××××. (This way.)”</p>

      <p>I was being spoken to in Elemanti. By a water elemental. It was less than cheerful, though.</p>

      <p>An elemental is calling me.</p>

      <p><em>Is there a problem? Are you sure it’s not a trap?</em></p>

      <p>Nah, it’s probably him.</p>

      <p>He’d promised not to show up until the fight with Iblis was over, but maybe something unexpected had happened.</p>

      <p>“×××, ××××. (This way, hurry.)”</p>

      <p>The elemental’s voice was far colder than any of the water elementals or Dia ever were when talking with me. Whoever was working through it hadn’t built a rapport at all.</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, it had moved away. I walked quickly after it so I didn’t lose sight. It guided me farther and farther from the city, all the way to a ruin devoid of people.</p>

      <p>So was this our destination?</p>

      <p><em>That black knight demon lord is going to show up, huh?</em> Ira asked.</p>

      <p>Probably. The only other elementalists in this world seemed to be Johnnie and him.</p>

      <p>Johnnie wouldn’t have been so indirect, so I was pretty sure it was Cain. I waited and waited, but no one appeared. <em>Come on.</em> If he was going to ask me somewhere, he should’ve at least shown up.</p>

      <p><em>He’s not here yet. I’m getting back to work. Call me if there’s a problem.</em></p>

      <p>I replied with an agreement and she cut off our connection.</p>

      <p>Cain was Noah’s believer, so Ira couldn’t predict when he’d arrive. <em>Guess I should settle in and wait...</em></p>

      <p>Around an hour later, he showed up.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Well done for surviving!”</p>

      <p>The man was clad in black armor and was—as I expected—Cain. In order to not stand out (or something) he had forgone the helm he usually wore. Still, the almost full set of armor was plenty intimidating on its own.</p>

      <p>“Did something happen?”</p>

      <p>“‘Did something happen?’ Someone cast the divine rank spell <em>Cocytus</em>!” he exclaimed. “Were you okay?!”</p>

      <p>Oh, so he’d been worried. He’d come to check on me.</p>

      <p>“I was fine. It was actually my spell.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What...?”</p>

      <p>Cain looked aghast. Well, it was one of the Sacred Deities’ spells—of course he was surprised that I could use it. I was just considering how to explain things to him when the silence was broken.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Makoto!!!”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The voice was furious, almost murderous. I shuddered and turned to look. Then, I went rigid.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.”</p>

      <p>Instantly, Cain was in front of me, his sword ready. In front of <em>him</em>...</p>

      <p>“Anna...”</p>

      <p>She wasn’t acting the same as normal. Her eyes were wild and her breath was coming in rapid heaves as she held her own sword at the ready.</p>

      <p><em>Fuck!</em></p>

      <p>I’d been too careless. How hadn’t I noticed her? I was sure I’d used RPG Player to check behind me.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...explain. Why are you speaking like this? Like you’re friends with Demon Lord Cain?”</p>

      <p>I looked back in silence.</p>

      <p>“Say something!!!” Her voice sounded like she was about to explode in anger. <em>Actually, she might already be beyond that. </em>I could hear her teeth grind from here.</p>

      <p>“He killed my mentor.”</p>

      <p>There was a terrifying amount of mana building in her sword as she said that—just as much as when she’d cut down the demon lord. The air was shaking, and the ground itself followed suit. It felt like the slash could come at any moment.</p>

      <p>Conversely, Cain—while his sword was ready—didn’t even raise his aura.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Why... Why won’t you say anything?”</p>

      <p>What could I say? What would get us through this?</p>

      <p>“Does that silence mean...you tricked me?”</p>

      <p>Her eyes were red, filled with tears. I held her watery gaze, though I couldn’t bring myself to say anything.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t exactly tell her to “calm down for now” or warn her to “not waste mana when the final battle with Iblis is tomorrow.” The situation had spiraled way beyond excuses like that.</p>

      <p>I had to say <em>something</em> though. Just as I opened my mouth, someone else spoke over me.</p>

      <p>“So you’re the Hero of Light?”</p>

      <p>Cain lowered his blade, returning it to his waist. Then, he spoke again, his face peaceful.</p>

      <p>“Use your sword to take my head.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Anna’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>That half-witted noise was all I could manage.</p>

      <p>Makoto’s face looked conflicted as he spoke. “Cain... But...”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine, Makoto,” Cain replied. “The only thing a worthless apostle like me can do for Noah is offer up my life. If the Hero of Light strikes me down here, it ought to keep things closer to the original history, right?”</p>

      <p>What was he talking about? Anger and confusion warred within my head.</p>

      <p>Cain turned back to me. “So, Hero of Light, cut me down. Save the world.” He stepped closer, a peaceful look on his face.</p>

      <p>It was a bizarre sight, and I couldn’t help but step back. Emotions flared in my heart.</p>

      <p><em>Kill him! Avenge your mentor!</em></p>

      <p>I gritted my teeth, tightened my grip on the hilt of my sword, and pulled it back, ready to swing.</p>

      <p>Cain didn’t move. He still looked so at peace.</p>

      <p>I glanced at Makoto. <em>His</em> face was decidedly less relaxed. Was he not going to stop me? Wasn’t he on Cain’s side?</p>

      <p><em>I don’t know! I don’t know anything! What’s the right answer?! What should I do?!</em></p>

      <p>“URAAAHHH!”</p>

      <p>Still confused, I swung, slicing through him. Cain made no move to avoid my blade.</p>

      <p>Balamung went straight through his neck.</p>

      <p>Blood spurted forth and Cain fell to his knees. The ground grew red.</p>

      <p>“I... I...”</p>

      <p>Finally... My dearest wish was fulfilled. On the day she’d died, I’d sworn I would have revenge. Now, I had it. But...I felt no sense of satisfaction. Not at all.</p>

      <p>My sword fell to the ground with a clatter.</p>

      <p>“Cain...”</p>

      <p>Makoto appeared upset as he approached the armored demon lord.</p>

      <p>Why did he look like that? He was on Cain’s side, wasn’t he? Had he betrayed me? But he hadn’t stopped me from taking revenge.</p>

      <p>“What is it, Makoto?” I asked hesitantly.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, something caught both of our attention.</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Cain was slowly rising. The wound I’d inflicted had already completely healed.</p>

      <p>“Wha...wha...?”</p>

      <p>How?! I’d definitely cut him down—I’d used all my strength to do it. So why was he standing like nothing had happened?</p>

      <p>“Cain... You’re alive??” Makoto asked, relief evident in his voice.</p>

      <p>He nodded. “Yeah, thanks to my armor. It keeps me from dying.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right. It has a perfect healing spell on it, doesn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed it does. It’s as impressive as you’d think a blessing from her would be.”</p>

      <p>“Your armor’s great. I wanted it when I became her apostle as well.”</p>

      <p>Cain grinned. “You can have it once I die.”</p>

      <p>“I doubt it’ll fit.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, Noah made it. It will size itself to you when you wear it.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...” Makoto scratched his cheek. “Still, I can’t equip anything heavier than a dagger anyway.”</p>

      <p>“That’s got to be an exaggeration,” Cain said in disbelief.</p>

      <p>“I’m dead serious. I can’t swing a shortsword, even using both hands.”</p>

      <p>“Well... Maybe you should train your body some more.”</p>

      <p>“I tried. My stats didn’t go up at all.”</p>

      <p>As I looked on, the two of them were just having a relaxed conversation.</p>

      <p><em>What’s </em>with<em> these two?!</em></p>

      <p>My mind was just blank! I didn’t even feel angry anymore.</p>

      <p>“Explain!” I demanded, closing in on Makoto. Right next to him, I could see Cain’s worried expression, but Makoto looked just the same as usual.</p>

      <p>“Makoto!” I repeated for good measure.</p>

      <p>“Well...you see...”</p>

      <p>And with that, he started a reluctant explanation.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Finally, I knew the truth about him.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“You’re...from a thousand years in the future?”</p>

      <p>I felt lightheaded. I found a nearby barrel and plopped down on it—there was no way I could remain standing.</p>

      <p>“So, Althena gave me the duty of helping the savior of the world, Abe—Anna.”</p>

      <p>Makoto gave a large stretch, apparently relieved to finally have the weight of his secret off his chest. He was the <em>only </em>one who seemed relaxed. <em>Not fair.</em></p>

      <p>Cain just stared vacantly into the distance. He didn’t seem threatening now—not like he’d been in Labyrinthos. I couldn’t sense any murderous intent radiating off him. Instead, he just seemed to be waiting for us to finish talking.</p>

      <p>“And the two of you...?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Both follow Noah of the Titanea,” Makoto finished. “Cain’s her apostle in this era, and I hold that position in the future.”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t Noah...a wicked deity?”</p>

      <p>“Well, her set of gods lost the war, so that’s how she’s treated.” Makoto shrugged. “She’s actually trapped in a temple under the sea. Plus, she can only have one believer at a time, so she’s in a really weak position.”</p>

      <p>I looked between the two of them. <em>They believe in the same goddess, but Makoto didn’t betray me at all.</em></p>

      <p>All of this was far beyond my expectations.</p>

      <p>“So, what do I do now?” Cain asked, his voice confused. “I would happily offer my life for Noah.”</p>

      <p>He sounded so accepting of his own death. The bitter taste in my mouth won out over my anger.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, what do you want to do?” I asked.</p>

      <p>He looked blankly back at me. After a moment, he spoke, his voice soft and sad. “Well, it might be inevitable...but Noah would lament losing her only believer.”</p>

      <p>That was it. He didn’t tell me not to take my revenge—he didn’t tell me not to kill Cain.</p>

      <p>In other words, he was leaving the choice up to me and telling me to do what I wanted. He’d done the same earlier when he hadn’t prevented me from cutting Cain down.</p>

      <p>I recalled what he’d said about the divine edict from Althena.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto is here for me. He’s unshakably on my side.</em></p>

      <p>That was why he’d gone back to the past all on his own.</p>

      <p>“Will you be returning to the future?” I asked. This question had been bothering me since I’d found out his secret.</p>

      <p>“I want to, but I’ll have to find some way to do it.” He chuckled. “Ira’s spell was only one-way.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t smile back.</p>

      <p><em>He’s been fighting here, alone, away from everyone he ever knew...</em></p>

      <p>I hadn’t known any of this—I’d just kept putting burdens on him and allowing him to keep saving me. And if I killed Cain, Makoto would be losing the one person who shared in his faith.</p>

      <p>I still hated this demon lord for killing my mentor. Even so, hearing how Makoto had sacrificed everything to save the world, I didn’t feel like my individual revenge should be a priority.</p>

      <p><em>Forgive me...</em> I mentally pleaded to my mentor.</p>

      <p>“Demon Lord Cain, if you claim to be Makoto’s ally, then help us tomorrow against Iblis.”</p>

      <p><em>I’ll...give up on revenge.</em></p>

      <p>Cain looked shocked. “Are you certain?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, Anna, are you sure?” Makoto asked.</p>

      <p>Both of them were staring at me strangely.</p>

      <p>“Enough! Let’s explain things to the others!”</p>

      <p>Before I could change my mind, I grabbed hold of Makoto’s hand and pulled him back to the hotel.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>We got back quickly and explained to the others that Cain was on our side now.</p>

      <p>Lady Helemmelk and Momo were wide-eyed in surprise.</p>

      <p>When we explained Makoto’s situation and revealed that he was actually from the future, the two were so shocked that they couldn’t even speak.</p>

      <p>“That...was not what I imagined,” Lady Helemmelk said eventually, her voice shaking.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto is going back to the future?!” Momo asked.</p>

      <p>She seemed to have the same question as me. When we told her that he wanted to return but didn’t know how, she looked even more conflicted.</p>

      <p>After that, we asked him about the era he’d come from.</p>

      <p>Demon Lord Cain had excused himself and vanished off into an empty room. Makoto told us about how he’d come from another world, and about how he was a hero in a place called Roses.</p>

      <p>He spoke of fighting alongside his friends against a demon lord and about the lovers he’d left behind.</p>

      <p>Then...he explained the one-way route he’d taken to get here.</p>

      <p>We all let out a breath. The goddess’s spell was truly astonishing. I wanted to hear more about it, but we needed to rest to be ready for tomorrow, so we left it there.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, Johnnie wasn’t present—he’d apparently been serious about staying overnight with that woman. But when we told him all about time travel the next day, he said that the situation sounded like something Makoto would be involved in.</p>

      <p>He was far too calm about things. He <em>did</em> waver when he saw Demon Lord Cain, though.</p>

      <p>And so, we all waited in an odd assortment—me, Makoto, Momo, Lady Helemmelk, Johnnie...and Cain.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>When the time came, it was just past noon.</p>

      <p>“I have arrived. I shall guide you to the Great One.”</p>

      <p>Queen Nevia smiled. She was standing with her knights in front of the hotel.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>