<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: Makoto Takatsuki Trains...Even a Thousand Years Ago</h1>

      <p>“Makoto...please listen to me.”</p>

      <p>Anna was close enough that I could practically feel her breath on me. Her expression was so desperate. This had to be something big, and I needed to listen. After all, my number one priority here was Hero Abel.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” I asked. Had something happened? I’d assumed that the temple was a safe place to train, so I hadn’t been worried about any of us staying there.</p>

      <p>I softly touched the necklace I was wearing.</p>

      <p>Ira? Can you hear me?</p>

      <p><em>I’m listening. It seems Hero Abel has some sort of problem.</em></p>

      <p>Right. I’m going to talk it out, so give me advice, please.</p>

      <p><em>Leave it to me.</em></p>

      <p>She really was a goddess—I could rely on her.</p>

      <p>As for the seemingly dire topic of conversation...</p>

      <p>“If you’re going to the Seafloor Temple, you won’t be back for quite a while, will you?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll come back every so often,” I replied. “Momo seems happier when she drinks my blood.”</p>

      <p>“So...you’re coming back for <em>her</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” What did that mean?</p>

      <p>“You aren’t...worried about <em>me</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Um...”</p>

      <p>“You’ll be away while you’re at the Seafloor Temple, and you won’t be thinking about me...”</p>

      <p>“I-I’ll be thinking about you too, Abel.”</p>

      <p>“Anna.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be thinking about you too, Anna,” I corrected.</p>

      <p>“Then take me with you!”</p>

      <p>“I-I...can’t.” After all, I’d be with Demon Lord Cain. I definitely couldn’t take her with me.</p>

      <p>“Why?! Do you not care?”</p>

      <p>I was silent.</p>

      <p>Ira, help! Mayday, mayday!</p>

      <p><em>Okay, Makoto Takatsuki.</em></p>

      <p>What do I say?! What do I do?!</p>

      <p><em>Take her in your arms and kiss her.</em></p>

      <p>I should...?</p>

      <p>Huh... What?! Ira!</p>

      <p><em>Annie’s looking a bit out of sorts, so you need to comfort her.</em></p>

      <p>Um...but Hero Abel is a guy?</p>

      <p><em>She’s a girl right now. Don’t sweat the little things.</em></p>

      <p>I-Is this really a “little” thing? Also, she looks just like Princess Noelle, so I’d feel weird about that too. But I suppose it’s true that we need our hero in top form.</p>

      <p>I returned my attention to the girl in front of me.</p>

      <p>“Anna,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?”</p>

      <p>I took her hands in mine. “You should rest properly today. Tomorrow, we can train together. If you can get your <em>Hero of Light</em> skill working, a demon lord will be nothing.” After all, I had seen Sakurai take out Zagan with a single slash.</p>

      <p>Anna peered up at me. “A-Are you sure?”</p>

      <p><em>Makoto Takatsuki, </em>said Ira.<em> The </em>Hero of Light<em> skill in the future is an improved version of the one in this era. You can’t assume they’re the same.</em></p>

      <p>Huh? Sakurai’s skill was stronger?</p>

      <p><em>Well, the newest version’s always going to be the strongest.</em></p>

      <p>O-Oh. So Hero Abel’s version was older...</p>

      <p>My face twitched at that news, and Anna peered at me in concern.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing. I was just thinking we should rest for tonight.”</p>

      <p>“But I just woke up.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, come on.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, hey, Makoto. You, um, don’t need to push...”</p>

      <p>Despite her protest, I pushed Anna into her bed and then collapsed into my own next to hers. I gazed up at the ceiling and tried to come up with a training regimen for tomorrow. I couldn’t think of anything decent.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The next day, Abel and I did indeed train together. Well, “training” might have been a generous word for it—I didn’t know much about the <em>Hero of Light</em> skill, so the practice was more like trial and error. All I had as a reference was what I’d seen of Sakurai’s skill in the future. And even though he was my childhood friend, we hadn’t fought together much. The first time had been against the blight dragons in Labyrinthos, and the second against the King of Beasts—Zagan. I thought back to those fights.</p>

      <p><em>He took them both down with a single strike...</em></p>

      <p>They weren’t particularly helpful memories. I only knew that sunlight was important. Being in caves or under the <em>Clouds of Darkness</em> limited the destructive and offensive power of the skill.</p>

      <p>“Ab—”</p>

      <p>“Anna.”</p>

      <p>“Right, Anna.”</p>

      <p>“Yup?!” With a smile, Hero-Saint Abel-Anna readied a sword.</p>

      <p>“Can you turn the sunlight into mana?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Um...I’ll give it a try.”</p>

      <p>She frowned, humming in thought as she gripped her sword tightly. An ominous noise grew around us as a huge amount of mana gathered in the sword. It began to glow.</p>

      <p>“What’s going on?”</p>

      <p>“An attack?!”</p>

      <p>Momo and Mel came rushing over.</p>

      <p>“What do you think, Makoto?!” Anna asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” I put a hand to my chin as she showed me her shining blade.</p>

      <p>“That’s a lot of mana. Even an ancient dragon would die in a single hit.”</p>

      <p>“Anna’s sword is scary...”</p>

      <p>Judging by the expressions on Mel and Momo’s faces, the magic sword she was holding <em>was</em> fairly impressive. But...</p>

      <p>“It’s not rainbow colored...” I muttered. When Abel had injured Demon Lord Cain, the sword had glowed with all seven colors of the rainbow. I was pretty sure it’d looked the same when Sakurai had killed Zagan.</p>

      <p>“Elementalist, that would mean it possessed all of the alignments,” Mel explained. “And that is the domain of the gods.”</p>

      <p>I nodded. “Yeah, I know. The <em>Hero of Light</em> skill makes it possible.”</p>

      <p>“Um...” Anna trailed off. “<em>I</em> don’t even know that, so how do <em>you</em> know so much about it?”</p>

      <p>I waved it off, using the excuse that Althena had told me while I’d been lost in thought. <em>What did Sakurai do exactly? To make strikes like that, he... </em></p>

      <p>“Anna, can you summon an angel?” I asked.</p>

      <p><em>Right—Sakurai borrowed power from an angel when he defeated Zagan. Maybe that’s a good place to start?</em></p>

      <p>But my suggestion garnered only three blank looks and exclamations of confusion. I didn’t think I’d said anything really weird. Surely channeling an angel was simpler than borrowing power from a goddess? After all...</p>

      <p>“For example, I can technically summon angely with Eir’s help.” I pulled out my dagger and started the activation.</p>

      <p>“Fool! Stop, Elementalist!” shouted Mel. “How can you use such sacrilegious magic so lightly?! What will you do if these angely attack <em>us</em>?!”</p>

      <p>“Uh... I was just going to sacrifice one of the sheep around here. It’ll be fine.”</p>

      <p>“You’ll be damned! Literally!”</p>

      <p>Whoops, I’d made her angry. I’d only wanted to show Ab—<em>Anna</em> the real thing.</p>

      <p>“You can summon angels?!” Anna asked in shock.</p>

      <p>Mel shook her head. “No, Hero. What he was trying to do was use sacrificial magic—pay the price with someone else’s life in order to fulfill one’s own greed. Normally, without both a divine relic and technique, you need to pay for strong magic with your own lifespan.”</p>

      <p>“Well, a goddess made this dagger, and Eir gave me the technique,” I pointed out.</p>

      <p>Mel stared at me in shock. “Why are you wandering around with a treasure from the divine age?!”</p>

      <p><em>Jeez. Apparently, using sacrificial magic whenever you feel like it is abnormal. I guess it’s a trump card Eir gave me, so I probably shouldn’t be using it so casually. </em></p>

      <p>What should I do now?</p>

      <p><em>Pray,</em> said Ira.<em> Anna is a priestess, so her prayers will definitely reach my sister.</em></p>

      <p>But she’s been doing that. She doesn’t get an answer.</p>

      <p><em>Well, that’s a problem... Althena’s probably busy with other things. After all, she’s responsible for the whole solar system.</em></p>

      <p>Th-That’s huge! What about you?</p>

      <p><em>I’m responsible for...this continent.</em></p>

      <p>That’s a completely different scale! Apparently, there were differences in power, even between goddesses. Noah was on par with Althena, right? She must be pretty impressive.</p>

      <p><em>I told you—I’m no match for Noah. You make sure to pay proper attention to Annie.</em></p>

      <p>Right, got it.</p>

      <p>I turned my focus back to Anna. “Keep up with that magic sword technique, and keep praying to Althena. I’m sure she can hear you.”</p>

      <p>“But, Makoto...” She sighed, then nodded obediently. “Okay, I will.”</p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it, this feels quite a bit like training with Lucy in Macallan. Her skill was powerful, but she couldn’t use it at first.</em> Unlike Lucy, who’d constantly slipped up with her magic, Anna was much more proficient.</p>

      <p><em>Slow and steady, I guess? </em>I decided we wouldn’t rush—we just needed to keep training.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The next few days were spent practicing with Anna and checking on Momo’s progress. Then, finally, it was time to leave—I’d promised to meet up with Cain tomorrow. Mel had agreed to take me there.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m off,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Come back soon, Sir Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Take care, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>Momo and Anna saw me off as I departed for one of the last dungeons.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“This the place?”</p>

      <p>“Yup, I’m sure of it.”</p>

      <p>Cain was standing uneasily at my side. He’d taken the helm off—I’d told him it was hard to speak with him when it was on—so I could now see his expression. Without all that metal in the way, his handsome face was on display. Seriously, Cain was <em>really</em> attractive. If he changed his outfit, he’d probably look like a model or something.</p>

      <p>The thing we were riding atop, however, was not so pleasant to look at: Cain’s blight dragon. It was just as off-putting as ever, with its countless eyes and mouths, but...I could now see some charm to it. At least, if you peered closely.</p>

      <p>Ira gagged.<em> You can’t mean that. Do your eyes not work?</em></p>

      <p>That’s harsh, Ira. Can’t you see the avant-garde appeal it has?</p>

      <p><em>Not at all.</em></p>

      <p>Well...nor could I, really.</p>

      <p>With a final warning to be wary of the demon lord, Ira cut off communication.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, I’d gotten Mel to bring me to the rendezvous point a day early—I hadn’t wanted her and Cain to bump into each other. After waiting overnight, Cain had arrived, and we’d safely embarked. We were headed to the Habhain Islands, which were close to the dungeon. Luckily, I had the location recorded with my <em>Mapping</em> skill.</p>

      <p>“My liege...be careful.”</p>

      <p>Dia was behind me, watching the demon lord warily. I didn’t think she needed to worry so much, though.</p>

      <p>“We’re nearly there,” I said. “First things first—we need to decide where we’ll set up camp!”</p>

      <p>“Right...” Despite my excitement, the demon lord’s voice was quiet.</p>

      <p>“What’s up, Cainhart?”</p>

      <p>“Enough with that name!” he griped. “Actually... It doesn’t matter. Noah said I could believe you. I will follow her words.”</p>

      <p>Whoa. Apparently, Noah had given him the go-ahead—we were clear to take a crack at the Seafloor Temple. Also, she’d easily figured out who I was.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki. You are her believer, but from a thousand years in the future.”</p>

      <p>I nodded. “Pretty much.”</p>

      <p>“So all of my proselytizing for her has been in vain?”</p>

      <p>“As hard as it is to say...yes.”</p>

      <p>Cain’s technique was more threatening than proselytizing. Either way, divine rules meant Noah couldn’t have more than one believer. And, a thousand years from now, she was seen as a wicked deity. That revelation had come as a shock to Cain.</p>

      <p>“Well, it doesn’t matter!” I said. “If we can get her out, that’s that.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...”</p>

      <p>I kept speaking brightly—Cain’s expression remained dark. We continued to discuss Noah until we landed at our destination.</p>

      <p>The Habhain Islands were—in the future—a destination resort containing villas for nobles and royals of all countries. In this era, the islands were uninhabited. And though they were few in number, there <em>were</em> monsters living here. We would need to keep watch while here, so we found an easily defensible area and set up a simple camp.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go!” I exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Right now?!” Cain asked in shock.</p>

      <p>This expedition was going to last for two weeks. I was worried about leaving Momo and Abel for too long, so I didn’t want to waste any time.</p>

      <p>“Well, the sun’s still up,” I pointed out.</p>

      <p>“B-But isn’t it too soon?”</p>

      <p>Well, he had piloted the dragon all the way here, so maybe he was tired. I shrugged. “Guess I’ll go on my own, then.”</p>

      <p>“On your own?!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll come back.”</p>

      <p>“No, wait... I’ll come with you.”</p>

      <p>And so, we both headed for the ocean. We left his dragon to guard camp. When we reached the shore, we leaped into the water with a splash. The sea around these islands was pleasantly warm. Colorful reefs lined the seabed, and fish of all hues darted around. It was peaceful here.</p>

      <p>After getting our bearings, the two of us swam off slowly in the direction of the temple. Suddenly, I realized something—I turned to my side.</p>

      <p>Cain was still wearing all of his armor. While underwater.</p>

      <p>“Are you gonna be okay swimming in that?” I asked.</p>

      <p>I was using <em>Water Talk</em> to make sure he could hear me...but there was no response.</p>

      <p>“Helloooo?”</p>

      <p>He opened and closed his mouth, but I couldn’t hear anything. With no other option, I grabbed his arm and cast the spell on him as well.</p>

      <p>“Can you hear me?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...” he grumbled. “How’re you talking underwater?”</p>

      <p>“Well, if we’re gonna attempt the dungeon, we’ll need to communicate”</p>

      <p>“I know of spells for enhanced swimming and breathing water...but I’ve never heard of anything that lets you <em>talk</em> underwater.”</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh. So, is that armor going to get in the way down here?”</p>

      <p>“You needn’t worry. This armor is a divine relic gifted to me by Noah. It will never burden me.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>Well, that armor was his greatest strength, both offensively and defensively. Taking it off would, at best, halve his effectiveness. It was good that he wouldn’t sink or anything, but the armor did cause one little problem...</p>

      <p>Cain swam too slowly. I wanted to reach Deep Scar today at the very least.</p>

      <p>“I’m speeding us up,” I announced. I kept my hand on his arm and used <em>Water Magic: Flow</em> to propel us forward.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t bite your tongue!” I warned.</p>

      <p>“Wait—”</p>

      <p>The fish swimming alongside us seemed to suddenly reverse, but a scant second later, we jetted away, leaving every other living thing behind.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>