<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1"><div class="main">
      <p>Johnnie, Volf, Julietta, and Anna all readied their blades.</p>

      <p>Bifrons didn’t move.</p>

      <p>We had flooded his town and destroyed his castle. And yet, he didn’t seem to care. Seeing his reaction made me recall a conversation I’d had with Ira.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>Before we left for the castle, the Priestess of Fate gathered everyone together. Of course, Ira was speaking through her. She stood upon a raised platform and looked down at us, hands on her hips.</p>

      <p>“We will be moving in to deal with the demon lord shortly. How much do you all know about Bifrons?”</p>

      <p>Julietta raised her hand. “He’s the king of vampires!”</p>

      <p>“That is how he is known, yes. Strictly speaking, though, he is their progenitor. The first vampire. The undead of this world were all created by Bifrons. Hence why he’s called ‘the Undead King.’”</p>

      <p><em>Really? I didn’t know that. </em>The history books I’d read hadn’t gone into much detail about this era.</p>

      <p>“He must be quite old,” someone muttered.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, as the first undead, he must be pretty long-lived...or, uh long-dead?</em></p>

      <p>“Bifrons is a million years old.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” everyone exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“A million years have passed since Bifrons became a demon lord. He is currently the eldest of all the nine demon lords who rule over the planet. Even Astaroth has yet to pass a hundred thousand.”</p>

      <p>“J-Just because he’s lived a long time doesn’t mean he’ll be str—”</p>

      <p>“Demon Lord Bifrons is the most skilled with magic among the nine. This is because the strength of magic is dictated by one’s mastery. Any of you mages should understand, no? If you studied for a million years, how high do you think your magic mastery would climb?”</p>

      <p>The mages present—including me—sucked in a breath. Compared to the other enemies, Bifrons was going to be on another level.</p>

      <p><em>But, Ira, your explanation only seems focused on how insurmountable a foe he is. </em></p>

      <p>“Any <em>good</em> news?” I asked, trying to pull everyone out of the gloomy mood we’d fallen into.</p>

      <p>She looked surprised. <em>Wait, you didn’t notice how you were bringing everyone down?!</em></p>

      <p>“Ahem, there is, of course, heartening news. The undead are weak to sunlight. Demon lord or not, that remains the same. Challenging him to combat should be done in the daylight. And, we have the Hero of Light!”</p>

      <p>Everyone’s gazes gathered on the hero in question. She’d been spending almost all her time in her female form. I hadn’t seen her in “male mode” in ages.</p>

      <p>“Bifrons is a powerful demon lord. The Heroes of Ground and Wood could cut him up a thousand times apiece and still only <em>possibly</em> defeat him, However, a full-powered strike from the Hero of Light could take him down in one blow!”</p>

      <p>That prompted cheers from everyone. <em>Way to go, Ira—your enthusiasm made everything seem much more positive.</em></p>

      <p>“However, the Hero of Light’s true power can only be realized in the sunlight. You <em>must</em> draw Bifrons out into the sun.”</p>

      <p>Ira’s gaze flicked toward me. <em>Okay, you’re pretty much telling me to destroy his castle...</em></p>

      <p>“One more thing...though I am unsure whether it could be called <em>good</em> news. There is one large difference between Bifrons and the other demon lords.”</p>

      <p>“What is it?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Ira straightened somewhat haughtily before answering.</p>

      <p>“His affability. More so than any of the others, Demon Lord Bifrons is a <em>gentleman</em>.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“My name is Bifrons Goetia, and I am the king to whom this land has been entrusted by his grace. I suppose that will suffice as a greeting? Now, if you would all at least introduce yourselves.”</p>

      <p>His tone was gentle, just like Ira had said.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto Takatsuki... You can’t let your guard down just because he’s polite.</em></p>

      <p>I heard Ira’s telepathy and mentally nodded. Don’t worry—I won’t relax around him.</p>

      <p>The others seemed to feel the same way. They all wore harsh expressions as they readied their blades.</p>

      <p>Bifrons gave a small chuckle. “How lamentable. No response at all. Well, it <em>has</em> been quite a while since I last ate a hero of the goddesses. To whom should I address the condolences? I <em>had</em> hoped to find out... Well, no matter.”</p>

      <p>An ominous noise filled the air as a red magic circle began to form behind him. Dense miasma swirled around the throne room.</p>

      <p>Ira’s intel about him floated to the forefront of my mind. <em>“His gentleman’s persona is nothing but kindness toward livestock. He doesn’t kill if he is not eating...and when he is hungry, he eats his fill. That is all.”</em></p>

      <p>Now that I faced him, I could understand what she’d meant.</p>

      <p>“<em>Rain of Wind Arrows</em>.”</p>

      <p>Johnnie spoke, and hundreds of magic arrows launched toward the demon lord. Bifrons made no attempt to avoid them until suddenly, a black wall appeared in front of him.</p>

      <p><em>Is that...</em>Darkness Barrier Magic<em>?</em></p>

      <p>The black barrier blocked every single one of the hundreds of arrows.</p>

      <p>“<em>Great Dragon Cutter</em>!”</p>

      <p>“<em>Hurricane Blade</em>!”</p>

      <p>Two heroes slashed around the barrier, closing in on Bifrons. Another barrier did not rise to impede them. An enormous blast shook the ground.</p>

      <p>The dust slowly cleared to reveal the demon lord’s throne—it had been pulverized. As for the demon lord, his arm was shredded and a wound gaped in his chest.</p>

      <p>“Hurra—!”</p>

      <p>Before Julietta’s cheer had completely left her mouth, the demon lord hummed. In less than a second, his wounds were gone. That wasn’t all—even his clothes were pristine again. It was as if the attack had never happened.</p>

      <p>The two heroes who had struck him just looked silently on.</p>

      <p>Ira quickly spoke up in my mind.<em> His greatest skill is in </em>Regeneration<em>. Since he is undead, he doesn’t even feel the pain</em>.</p>

      <p>She’d told me this before, but seeing it in person was another thing. Bifrons was on another level. Any direct damage was probably going to be pointless.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh...?” mumbled Anna.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I realized what was wrong with the picture in front of me—the throne. Not only was Bifrons completely unscathed, but even the throne he’d been sitting on was now perfectly fine. <em>But the attacks destroyed it...</em></p>

      <p>Bifrons let himself fall back onto the throne heavily before nonchalantly answering the unvoiced question.</p>

      <p>“This castle is one with my blood. Destroy as much as you will—my palace will revert to its original state. Indeed, the damage from your elemental magic is already repaired.”</p>

      <p>Already repaired? The damage from <em>Comet Fall</em>? The attack I’d used most of my lifespan to cast?</p>

      <p>We couldn’t check that from inside the castle, but it didn’t seem like he was lying. I recalled the unmarred state of the corridors we’d passed through—that must have been due to his regeneration as well.</p>

      <p>“On another note, I heard that a ‘terrifying hero’ would be coming to confront me. Now, who would that be?”</p>

      <p>We made a concerted effort not to look at Anna, trying to keep as much attention away from her as possible.</p>

      <p><em>That’s right—Annie’s your final attack! Keep her in reserve until then.</em></p>

      <p>I know, Ira, but still...</p>

      <p>“Demon Lord Bifrons,” I said. “Why won’t you stand and fight?” Genial or not, surely he would resent us trampling into his home.</p>

      <p>“Ah, so you finally speak. Though, would you perhaps consider removing your mask before asking questions?”</p>

      <p>“I’m shy, so I can’t speak without the mask,” I insisted.</p>

      <p>“And yet, despite your nature, you are rather free with your words.”</p>

      <p>“If you’re curious about what’s under my mask, you’re welcome to actually act like a demon lord and take it off yourself.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then I shall take you up on that offer.” A distinct note of humor laced his voice. Maybe he liked the banter? “Now, I believe you asked why I am not fighting. Well, thousands of heroes have stood before me and challenged my power. Unfortunately, not one of them has been capable of inflicting my demise. Compared to those heroes of the past...I predict your strength to be perfectly average. Therefore, I have no need to confront you directly—my subordinates will be more than capable. I shall simply wait until they return.”</p>

      <p>He spoke casually, as if discussing plans to go and get a coffee.</p>

      <p><em>He doesn’t see us as a threat in the slightest.</em></p>

      <p>“What the—?”</p>

      <p>“Damn you...”</p>

      <p>Julietta and Johnnie’s expressions hardened at Bifrons’s words. Well, yeah... He’d said that we were too weak to even bother engaging with. Of course<em> </em>that would piss them off.</p>

      <p>“Dia,” I called out, my tone implying that she should show up as dramatically as possible. This was all to draw attention to me and away from Anna.</p>

      <p>Dia appeared suddenly at my side—her mana made the very air around us shudder.</p>

      <p>Bifrons’s eyes widened slightly in shock. “My... There still lives an elementalist capable of controlling an Undyne.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, does that pique your interest?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Allow me to revise my estimation of your abilities: you are among the upper ranks. It has been quite some time since I have faced an arch elemental—tens of thousands of years at least. The Salamander was quite the opponent.”</p>

      <p>He looked rather nostalgic as he spoke. So arch elementals were no match for him either...</p>

      <p>“My liege, I do not know whether my strength will be enough.”</p>

      <p>Whoa... Even Dia seemed somewhat meek, and <em>that</em> was a rarity.</p>

      <p>Conversely, the demon lord seemed rather intrigued with me.</p>

      <p>“The undead cannot use elemental magic, as it manipulates nature. After all, we are the very antithesis of the natural order. I had assumed that the difficult feat of controlling an arch elemental would be impossible in the span of a human lifetime... Hmm. At first glance, you appear to be a masked boy, but I suppose you must be a masked old man, no?”</p>

      <p>“Sorry to disappoint, but I’m still a teenager.”</p>

      <p>Bifrons offered only an intrigued hum; Johnnie and the others let out shocked gasps.</p>

      <p><em>Wait... Haven’t I told them how old I am? How old did they think I was?</em></p>

      <p>Bifrons contemplated a moment longer, then exclaimed, “What talent! Such skill in not even twenty years!”</p>

      <p>I sighed. He certainly was excitable.</p>

      <p>“So, boy,” Bifrons continued, “what do you say to becoming our tenth? I shall recommend you to his grace personally! We have a spellblade who uses elemental magic as well. I am sure you would have much to discuss with him. Perhaps you know him? He calls himself Cain, and—”</p>

      <p>“Don’t fuck with us!” came a rather shocking exclamation from Anna. “Makoto would <em>never</em> join the likes of you! And he’d <em>never</em> speak with Demon Lord Cain! Enough stupidity!”</p>

      <p>The anger in her voice felt like a roaring inferno. I didn’t say a single word.</p>

      <p><em>Well...I’m not going to betray them, so it’s all good.</em></p>

      <p>“I see. Indeed, making this masked boy an undead will remove his elemental abilities, so I would have rather recruited him to our side. A shame.”</p>

      <p>He sounded like he honestly <em>did</em> think it was a shame.</p>

      <p>On another note, Anna <em>really</em> hated Demon Lord Cain down to the bone, huh? I definitely couldn’t admit to her that he’d been fun to talk to while we attempted to reach the Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll have to make sure we never meet in front of her.</em></p>

      <p>As I was pondering that, Bifrons surveyed Anna with an odd look.</p>

      <p>“I hadn’t noticed before...but that avian hero has an odd aura.”</p>

      <p>We faltered. Anna looked like she’d been caught with her hand in the cookie jar. Her poker face was terrible.</p>

      <p>“I see. According to his grace, the Hero of Light was a man, but it seems that the hero is <em>you</em>. The Olympians’ trump card, the one to someday be called ‘savior’...”</p>

      <p>As he spoke, more and more red magic circles appeared around him. I’d never seen anything like them, so I had no idea what they’d do. His barrier had sprouted from one of them, but having so many around him seemed excessive.</p>

      <p>“On your guard,” I warned. The others nodded.</p>

      <p>“Allow me to revise my estimation once again.” Bifrons stood up from his throne. “His grace has pierced the veil of time, and according to the insight he gleaned, <em>you</em> are the worst possible enemy for me. It would therefore be remiss of me to do anything but my utmost to end you.”</p>

      <p>Before I knew what was going on, a huge dark scythe materialized in his hand. He looked like a grim reaper or something.</p>

      <p>The scythe’s blade sliced through the air.</p>

      <p>There were more than ten meters between us, so his strike was, without a doubt, out of range. Still, I still felt uneasy.</p>

      <p>“Back!” Johnnie yelled.</p>

      <p>“Makoto!” As Anna screamed, she gripped my arm, painfully tight, and yanked.</p>

      <p>Something dark passed in front of me an instant later. And a moment after that, I spied strands of my hair floating in the air.</p>

      <p>“Wha?”</p>

      <p>Stuck in the ground, right where I’d been standing, was a huge blade. If Anna hadn’t pulled me back, I would’ve been cleaved in two.</p>

      <p>Bifrons seemed impressed. “Oh...so you dodged that.”</p>

      <p><em>What</em> was<em> that? I didn’t even see it coming.</em> <em>I certainly can’t get in close now. </em></p>

      <p>While we were assessing the situation, the demon lord spoke again. “That attack combined the mana in my slash with a <em>Teleport</em>. Some hero a generation or two back used it as a trump card. Humans think of the most ingenious things. Feel free to do something similar, if you wish.”</p>

      <p><em>He’s giving us a breakdown of his attack?! Well, if you’re </em>that<em> confident...</em></p>

      <p>Johnnie seemed to decide that keeping our distance was pointless—he drew his blade and advanced on the demon lord. “Let us begin.”</p>

      <p>“I’m with you, Chief!” Julietta exclaimed.</p>

      <p>Bifrons tilted his head in acknowledgment. “Impressive swordplay, redheaded elf. And that young woman could be a master in a mere decade. What a shame. It is truly lamentable that turning a hero is impossible.” Even in the midst of his idle musings, Bifrons easily deflected their slashes.</p>

      <p>“I’ll help Johnnie and Julietta buy us time,” Anna said as she joined the fray. “You and Volf get our plan moving.”</p>

      <p>It would have been good to keep her in reserve, but at this point, we didn’t have the luxury to do anything but our best. I’d just have to do whatever I could.</p>

      <p>“Volf!”</p>

      <p>“At your word!”</p>

      <p>The two of us started the next spell we had planned. Volf roared, gathering mana in his blade. I wasn’t just watching either.</p>

      <p><em>Water elementals, lend me your strength.</em></p>

      <p>They gathered at my call. It would have been quicker to rely on Dia, but <em>Comet Fall</em> had used up most of my lifespan, so that route was a last resort.</p>

      <p>“Hm? Not using the Undyne, masked boy?”</p>

      <p>Despite still fighting with Johnnie and the other two heroes, he still addressed me, disappointment evident in his tone. Julietta’s face twitched.</p>

      <p>“I like to save my aces,” I replied, seeking to stall for some time. “And I could ask the same of you—why aren’t you using those red circles?”</p>

      <p>Even as I spoke, I continued gathering mana from the water elementals. Those circles were unnerving me. They didn’t seem like they had anything to do with the invisible teleporting slash he’d used, so I could only assume that they were for some huge spell. What spell that could be, though, I had no idea.</p>

      <p>I doubted he’d tell me, but a hint would be helpful.</p>

      <p>“Ah. The spell takes rather a long time to prepare. I will be unveiling it later.” He chuckled. “This is the first time I’ve used it.”</p>

      <p><em>So it’s not something I’ve ever seen before.</em></p>

      <p>Despite the sociable tone, Bifrons was still contending with sword slashes and the rain of magic arrows from Johnnie. Julietta was stabbing at high speed; Anna was slashing away at him.</p>

      <p>And yet, not a single attack landed. The demon lord was clearly playing with them.</p>

      <p>I had no idea why, but every minute, every second, seemed like a lifetime for us.</p>

      <p>“Volf,” I whispered. “Ready?”</p>

      <p>“Ready.”</p>

      <p>We exchanged glances.</p>

      <p>“Scatter!”</p>

      <p>Johnnie heard our call and gave the signal to the other two. They quickly followed his instructions.</p>

      <p>Bifrons looked at us, clearly interested. “Hmm. So what do you have to show me?”</p>

      <p>With an almighty roar, Volf launched a slash at the ceiling.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Comet Fall</em>.</p>

      <p>At the same time, I cast my second <em>Comet Fall</em> of the day.</p>

      <p>I hadn’t recruited Dia’s help for this one, so it wasn’t as impressive, but it didn’t need to be—I was only trying to break the top of the castle. My comet combined with Volf’s attack would crack the roof and open up a hole to the sky.</p>

      <p>Ira’s instructions played back in my head. I remembered her gazing over the warriors of Labyrinthos as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“Bifrons has spent his years overcoming his weaknesses. Incense, running water, silver, fire, and oil—none of them will have any effect on him. But sunlight is different. As long as he is undead, that is something he cannot overcome. I’m sure you know what you have to do.”</p>

      <p>So, our plan was to use sunlight.</p>

      <p>The first step had been for me to use elemental magic to break apart the <em>Clouds of Darkness</em> temporarily. I’d wanted to destroy the castle at the same time, but that hadn’t happened. Since Bifrons was inside, we’d need to get him out into the sunlight, which would be a difficult prospect. Opening the ceiling was our best option.</p>

      <p>Demon Lord Bifrons, the Undead King, would be bathed in the light of the sun.</p>

      <p>The strategy was basic, but we didn’t have any other ideas. His subordinates were currently being held back by both the sunlight and the other fighters, so I figured that there shouldn’t be any reinforcements.</p>

      <p>We had Mel on support leading the ancient dragons, and Momo helping her. We were fine—it was going well.</p>

      <p><em>Right, Ira?</em></p>

      <p>I was a little uneasy at the lack of reply, considering how free she usually was with the telepathy. Well, Mel was protecting her, so she was probably fine.</p>

      <p>A massive boom rocked the castle—our combined attacks had pierced through the structure. The ground itself shook as the ceiling collapsed. Dust blocked our vision.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Careful.” Anna moved, readying her sword to protect me.</p>

      <p>“Wind elementals,” I heard Johnnie say, and the dust cleared instantly.</p>

      <p>Some distance away, I could see Julietta and Volf.</p>

      <p>Everyone was safe.</p>

      <p>Then, I saw that the heavy miasma of the castle had been blown away. There was a huge hole in the ceiling.</p>

      <p>Julietta’s cheer echoed around the room.</p>

      <p>I wanted to fist bump as well, but I quickly noticed something wrong. Right now, it was currently the middle of the day. We’d chosen to invade just before the sun was at its apex, and it hadn’t even been a whole hour since we’d entered the castle.</p>

      <p>So, breaking the ceiling should have allowed sunlight to pour in. And yet, things were far dimmer than I would’ve expected.</p>

      <p><em>Are the clouds back? </em>Bifrons <em>was</em> skilled with regeneration, so maybe that’s what the circles were for! I peered up to check...and I felt my brain stall.</p>

      <p><em>Wha... Ho...w...? </em>What had I gotten wrong?</p>

      <p>I heard Anna’s dazed voice first. “No...way...”</p>

      <p>Through the hole we’d opened up in the ceiling, we could see the sky...and a gorgeous full moon.</p>

      <p><em>The...moon...is out?</em></p>

      <p><em>Calm Mind</em> lived up to its name and kept me from freaking out, but I still couldn’t understand what was going on. When we’d entered the castle, it had definitely been daytime. I’d seen the sun with my own eyes not more than a few dozen minutes ago.</p>

      <p>So how was it now nighttime? Was <em>that</em> what the circles were for? Was it even possible to turn day into night?</p>

      <p>“A beautiful sight, wouldn’t you say?”</p>

      <p>Bifrons’s words had us immediately readying our weapons. He didn’t spare us a glance, though—he just flew out through the hole in the ceiling.</p>

      <p>“Wait!” Johnnie called, chasing after him. Julietta and Volf quickly followed.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Let’s go!” I couldn’t use flight magic, so Anna pulled me after them.</p>

      <p>Outside, the area was illuminated by dim light from the moon and stars. It was definitely dark. I used <em>Night Vision</em> to look around and saw a group closing in on us. For a moment, I thought they were the demon lord’s army, but I soon realized that wasn’t the case.</p>

      <p>“Chief, are you okay?!”</p>

      <p>“Sir Volf, what’s going on?!”</p>

      <p>“Elementalist...”</p>

      <p>The warriors, Deckel, and Mel were all there. And all of them looked confused.</p>

      <p>“Mel, what happened out here?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I know not,” Mel answered, her usual unflappable nature gone. “The area suddenly grew dark.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, even the people out here didn’t know what had happened. The only other person who could explain was...</p>

      <p>“Where’s Ira?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Here,” said Mel. “I wanted her to evacuate, but...”</p>

      <p>Estelle’s small form was shielded behind Mel. The goddess was truly the only person we had to rely on. Her face was sheet white, though.</p>

      <p>“This...this is impossible...”</p>

      <p>“Ira?”</p>

      <p>Even after I spoke, she just kept staring up, muttering to herself.</p>

      <p><em>This...might be tough...</em></p>

      <p>“Johnnie, let’s retreat,” I said. “Mel, help us ferry everyone out.”</p>

      <p>“Makoto?!” Anna exclaimed in shock.</p>

      <p>Johnnie looked reluctant. “Sir Makoto...but...”</p>

      <p>Mel simply nodded. “Very well.” Apparently, she was the only one with no qualms about fleeing.</p>

      <p>It was frustrating to get so close and then retreat, but staying in this situation was not the best idea. We’d just have to regroup.</p>

      <p>“I should inform you that there will be no withdrawal,” called a voice from above.</p>

      <p>It was Bifrons—he looked down upon us, his white hair and tall frame highlighted against the backdrop of the moon. Out here, his aura felt far more menacing than it had in the castle.</p>

      <p>Well, nighttime would make the miasma around Bifrons all the more potent. His intimidating presence caused the fighters from Labyrinthos to start backing off.</p>

      <p>“I have summoned my subordinates to welcome you,” said Bifrons. “Wait patiently.”</p>

      <p>As he spoke, the moon vanished.</p>

      <p><em>Clouds...?</em></p>

      <p>I thought it might be the <em>Clouds of Darkness</em> reforming, but that wasn’t the case. These shapes moved more irregularly than clouds, almost like a swarm of locusts. It took a while, but I soon realized that the things in the sky were monsters.</p>

      <p>“All of them are...monsters?”</p>

      <p>“We’re surrounded?!”</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>The fighters sounded like they were in despair. If all of those swarming figures were monsters, then there were thousands, no, <em>tens of thousands</em>.</p>

      <p>“Calling forth the night took quite a bit of power,” remarked Bifrons, “so I will leave the rest to them—”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Ira interrupted him. “Wait, Demon Lord Bifrons!”</p>

      <p>“A priestess? I had thought that Sir Cain killed them all, but I suppose there was a survivor.”</p>

      <p>“How... How did you do that?! That magic should take more power than a mortal can wield!”</p>

      <p>The demon lord chuckled in response to her anger.</p>

      <p>“It is power borrowed from his grace. The rules of this land, dictated by the Olympians’ will, remain as they were in antiquity. My million years of boredom in this world have not been wasted. The barrier between this realm and the divine realm where the gods look down on us with scorn—it will soon cease to be. We have no need for the gods and their bindings.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not possible! Even Iblis cannot reverse day and night, that’s m—the Goddess of Fate’s domain!”</p>

      <p>The demon lord just smirked meaningfully at her protest. Unlike the teleporting slash, he wasn’t going to reveal his methods this time. But I didn’t care about that right now—Ira’s statement was more important to me.</p>

      <p>I bent over to whisper in her ear. “Ira. Ira.”</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto Takatsuki?!”</p>

      <p>Apparently, she hadn’t noticed me.</p>

      <p>“I’m sure you can, right? So go ahead and do it.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Her eyes widened.</p>

      <p>“You can, right?” I asked again.</p>

      <p>“I-I can’t!” she protested, shaking her head.</p>

      <p>“But you said you could earlier...”</p>

      <p>“That was...” she shifted closer to whisper, her voice rough. “If we directly interfere in the conflict here, the wicked deities, the Titanea, and the outer gods will do the same. A fight between the gods would wipe out the mortals!”</p>

      <p>“I...see.” So she couldn’t really act. In other words, the mortals would have to manage something ourselves.</p>

      <p>As we spoke, the monsters were getting closer and closer. They’d probably be on us within the minute. We were surrounded by beasts that thought of us as food—everyone seemed to be falling into despair.</p>

      <p>Anna was clutching my sleeve tightly.</p>

      <p><em>We don’t have enough time... I’ll just have to buy some.</em></p>

      <p>I looked down at my hand, which was still glowing faintly blue.</p>

      <p><em>Time for the last round.</em></p>

      <p>I let out a short breath.</p>

      <p>“Dia, please.”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure, my liege? Your life...”</p>

      <p>“Just do it.”</p>

      <p>“Very well.” Despite the tense look on her face, she held her hands out.</p>

      <p><em>Grand Ice Barrier</em>.</p>

      <p>A second later, huge walls and a ceiling, all made of ice, enclosed us. They were several meters thick and made with an Undyne’s mana, so not even the demon lord’s thralls would be able to break through easily.</p>

      <p>Still, it was buying time at best. It would hold for...</p>

      <p>“We have thirty minutes until it breaks,” Ira announced. She seemed to have regained her composure. And since she could see the future, I knew for sure that this was our time limit.</p>

      <p>“Okay,” I said, “so let’s come up with a plan to— Wha?”</p>

      <p>My vision suddenly went black. I lost my sense of balance.</p>

      <p>“Hu...hhh?”</p>

      <p>I realized belatedly that I was looking at the ground. Anna and Momo were holding me up.</p>

      <p>“Makoto!”</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto!”</p>

      <p><em>I...passed out...?</em></p>

      <p>Fortunately, it seemed like I’d only been unconscious for a second.</p>

      <p>“My liege...” Dia exhaled shakily. “That used all of your life.”</p>

      <p>Ira’s eyes were wide. “Makoto Takatsuki, you have no lifespan remaining. You have <em>days</em> to live.”</p>

      <p><em>Whew...I used too much.</em></p>

      <p>If I was in the future, Noah would have been reading me the riot act. I felt kind of sad not to be hearing it. However, after a moment, the weight of people’s eyes shook me out of that train of thought. Johnnie, Volf, Julietta, and the other warriors gazed at me—Mel and the other ancient dragons as well. Anna and Momo’s eyes were teary.</p>

      <p>I must have worried them all quite a bit.</p>

      <p>“Let’s come up with a plan to escape,” I said, finishing my earlier thought.</p>

      <p>“Are you, okay?” Johnnie asked. His usual neutral expression had been consumed by a worried look.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’ve only got a few days of lifespan left. But we need to figure out how to survive <em>today</em> first,” I said, trying out a veneer of cheeriness. <em>Did it work?</em></p>

      <p>“Johnnie, you lead everyone. Mel, you give the ancient dragons their instructions, then...”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be with you!” Momo insisted, grabbing onto me. “I’m not leaving you!”</p>

      <p>I looked down at her white hair and red eyes. Momo was a vampire. She could slip into the army and manage to escape. She could even teleport. If it came to it, she could flee on her own.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Momo. Would you help me?”</p>

      <p>“Of course I will! I’ll be with you until we die!”</p>

      <p>I took a deep breath. I’d used up all of my lifespan, and I had barely any mana left. For now, I’d have to borrow mana from the water elementals and do whatever I could. Without <em>Calm Mind</em>, I was sure I would’ve already lost hope.</p>

      <p>I peered upward. As I did, Johnnie came over.</p>

      <p>“It seems we have relied too heavily on you,” he said. “I will assist. Anyone who wants to die with us, stay!”</p>

      <p>“I’m with you, Chief!”</p>

      <p>“We said together to the death!”</p>

      <p>Many of the warriors put themselves forward.</p>

      <p><em>This is bad! </em>Johnnie had historically fought Iblis alongside the savior, and he still needed to do that. I couldn’t let him die here.</p>

      <p>“No! You need to—”</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto,” he interrupted. “There are two certainties for a warrior: we will protect and we will die.”</p>

      <p>“Johnnie...”</p>

      <p>I could see the surety on his face.</p>

      <p>“The town of Labyrinthos...is a good place. The ancient dragons’ assistance means that so many people can live there safely. Even if I fall here, my children will live on. I’ve led us for over a century. I’ve seen so-called heroes appear, challenge the demon lord, and lose, over and over. No, they never even reached the demon lord himself. And yet, we destroyed his castle and crossed blades with Bifrons in person. We may have been a step from victory...but it will make a great tale in the underworld! Isn’t that right, everyone?!”</p>

      <p>The warriors all cheered in response to his rallying cry.</p>

      <p>Crap... They were full of motivation now, but I wanted them all to run!</p>

      <p>“We heroes can’t just escape and leave things to you and Momo,” Volf said.</p>

      <p>“So this is where my life ends...” murmured Julietta. “I wish it could have been a little longer.”</p>

      <p>“Julietta, you know you can run with Anna.”</p>

      <p>“What are you saying?!” Anna exclaimed. “I’ll be fighting to the last too!”</p>

      <p>“You’re still young, Anna. Olga entrusted you to us—you shouldn’t force yourself to fight.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t even try it! I wouldn’t be a hero if I ran now! I might not be able to use the power of the <em>Hero of Light</em>, but I’ll fight as the <em>Hero of Lightning</em> until the end!”</p>

      <p>“You’ve grown up so much, Annie,” Julietta acceded.</p>

      <p>“Right, then there’s no need to say any more.”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, the heroes were bolstered and ready to fight.</p>

      <p><em>No. Seriously. That’s not what I wanted! Anna’s the savior, so she has to survive!</em></p>

      <p>“Everyone seems to have their fighting spirit!” Momo exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Come on, little one. You’re young—you can run.”</p>

      <p>“Teacher Mel, shouldn’t <em>you</em> escape?”</p>

      <p>“We ancient dragons are far stronger than humans. We won’t be defeated so easily.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that goes for me too!” Momo insisted. “I’m a vampire, so no one’s going to beat me at night! I’ll show you that your training was worth it!”</p>

      <p>“My, you sure are talking a big game. Go ahead and show me.”</p>

      <p>“I will! Just watch!”</p>

      <p><em>Mel and Momo too? What’s going on?!</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki...seeing you so close to death seems to have spurred them all on,” said Ira.</p>

      <p>“Spurred on or not, this is a problem.”</p>

      <p>The goddess seemed to be the only one who understood how I was feeling.</p>

      <p><em>We’re in trouble here, aren’t we?</em></p>

      <p>Ten thousand monsters against a thousand of us. And we’d have to fight them in the middle of the night when the undead were strongest.</p>

      <p>Just being fired up wasn’t going to solve this. <em>What do I do...?</em></p>

      <p>Ira put her head in her hands. “No, no no... It’s over. I’m never going to hear the end of this.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What do we do, my liege?? I want to help, but...how?”</p>

      <p>Ira was despairing, and even Dia seemed lost. While we’d been talking, the barrier had begun to crack under the onslaught.</p>

      <p><em>Less than ten minutes left...</em></p>

      <p><em>We’re screwed.</em></p>

      <p>I followed Ira’s example, letting my head drop into my hands. Then, suddenly, a screen with words appeared before my eyes.</p>

      <p><em>RPG Player</em>.</p>

      <p>This bizarre skill had saved me over and over, and now, it was giving me an option.</p>

      <p>I quickly read it.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>I frowned. Then I read it again. Several times.</p>

      <p>Could I...do that?</p>

      <p>I glanced at Ira next to me. Her head was still in her hands. She hadn’t noticed the choice.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><em>Synchro </em></code><code>with Ira?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>That was the choice <em>RPG Player </em>was giving me.</p>

      <p><em>If she reads it, she’ll definitely be against it. </em>But honestly, I didn’t have time to worry about that. I didn’t have any other options.</p>

      <p><em>Guess I’ll have to.</em> <em>Not that I’m eager to try it.</em></p>

      <p>I remembered the agony of being burned all over when I tried to <em>Synchro</em> with Lucy—my lack of affinity with fire magic had made the ordeal pretty painful. I’d survived back then, but it’d been <em>damn </em>close.</p>

      <p><em>I might technically have Fate Magic (Low Rank), but this is a </em>goddess<em>. I can’t even imagine what the penalty is going to be.</em></p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p>The noises of the barrier cracking and the monsters around us made the decision for me. It wasn’t going to hold much longer.</p>

      <p>“Ready!” Johnnie yelled. He was answered by a roar from the warriors.</p>

      <p>Volf and Julietta were prepared to fight too. Mel and the other dragons weren’t showing any signs of running.</p>

      <p><em>No other choice, then...</em></p>

      <p>Just as I went to grab Ira’s hand, words appeared in the air again.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Is </code><code><em>Calm Mind</em></code><code> set to 100%?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I checked—99%. <em>RPG Player</em> was being pretty picky. Noah had warned me that using <em>Calm Mind</em> at 100% wasn’t a good idea, but...I’d have to go with it.</p>

      <p>RPG Player<em>, I’m trusting you.</em></p>

      <p>I took a quiet breath and my vision suddenly drained of color. Sounds stopped reaching my ears. I lost all sense of panic, fear, or any other emotion.</p>

      <p>With <em>Calm Mind</em> fully active, I reached out for Ira’s arm again and initiated <em>Synchro</em>.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Anna’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Makoto grabbed the Priestess of Fate’s arm.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, what are y—”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t finish the sentence. A chill ran down my spine and I found myself backing away from him.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Makoto?” Momo stammered. She fell to the ground near him.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto Takatsuki?!” the priestess yelped. “What are you doing?!”</p>

      <p>He made no reply.</p>

      <p>“××××××”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t hear what he said over the chaos. As I was trying to piece together the words, he suddenly started to glow in rainbow hues.</p>

      <p><em>Wah?</em></p>

      <p>Less than a second passed and then the light vanished. <em>What in the...?</em> Before I could even wonder what had actually happened, the situation changed again.</p>

      <p>A deafening crack sounded from above. I peered up to see that Bifrons had sliced Makoto’s barrier to pieces with his massive scythe.</p>

      <p>Monsters—led by the demon lord—poured in through the openings.</p>

      <p>“Rather impressive,” said Bifrons. “However, it was not enough to stop us. Now then, shall we— Hm?”</p>

      <p>The demon lord’s easy smile vanished when he saw Makoto.</p>

      <p>“What curious mana. No... Is that <em>ether</em>? I sensed nothing of the sort earlier.” He looked suspiciously at Makoto, then gestured to the horde. “Go after that masked boy.”</p>

      <p>Hundreds of monsters descended all at once. Makoto just stood there holding Estelle’s arm. Johnnie, Volf, and even I could only watch, unable to lend aid.</p>

      <p>I tried to yell his name, but I soon realized that...I-I couldn’t speak?! And that wasn’t all—I couldn’t move.</p>

      <p><em>What’s going on?!</em></p>

      <p>Panicked, I tried desperately to shift even my fingertips, but it felt like I’d been completely fixed in place. <em>Wait, no.</em> My finger was moving slowly, almost like I was pushing through sand.</p>

      <p>“Die!”</p>

      <p>“Gya gya grah gya!!!”</p>

      <p>The fastest of the monsters began their attacks. They were mere steps away from Makoto—their claws and fangs were closing in. Then...</p>

      <p>They stopped dead, hanging in the air.</p>

      <p>The rest of the attacking monsters froze one by one. It was like they’d all been pinned in the air, just like me. No, just like <em>us</em>. Not a single person had cried out at the bizarre sight before us. Johnnie and Volf couldn’t even move their mouths. Before I knew it, the tumult was silent, as if it had never been there.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto Takatsuki... Stop. Let go. If you...”</p>

      <p>The priestess was the only one near him who could talk normally.</p>

      <p>“What a surprise... Are you not an elementalist?” Bifrons asked. The rest of the monsters were warily hanging back. “Time Barrier Magic... The closer something is to you, the slower time progresses for it. That spell was rare even in the past. I believe this is the first time I’ve ever seen it.” Slowly, Bifrons swung his huge scythe. “It has a weakness, though.”</p>

      <p>A brief instant later, the slash passed through Makoto’s chest.</p>

      <p><em>The attack teleported?! Right, crap! The demon lord has the ability to ignore any distance between him and his opponent!</em></p>

      <p><em>Makoto!</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki?!”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t voice my scream, but my mental yell overlapped with the priestess’s shout.</p>

      <p>“Guk...”</p>

      <p>Bright red blood burst from Makoto’s lips.</p>

      <p><em>No...you can’t!!!</em></p>

      <p><em>Move! I need to move! If I don’t...</em></p>

      <p>“Well, that was rather anticlimactic,” Bifrons said. “My weapon is cursed with death. Taking its blade through the heart will kill without fail—this is the end for you. I suppose I should at least see your face before you expire.”</p>

      <p>As he spoke, Makoto’s mask broke apart and fell away. The slash must have sliced through the mask as well as Makoto’s chest. His expressionless face was revealed.</p>

      <p>“An average human. I had thought there might be <em>some</em> secret beneath the mask. Well then, I will just take your head and end—”</p>

      <p>“Finally managed the <em>Synchro</em>,” Makoto said.</p>

      <p><em>Huh?</em></p>

      <p>The tone of his voice was the one he always used when talking to me. Despite the gaping wound in his chest, he was acting the same as ever.</p>

      <p>He was okay! But...for some reason, there was a stirring in my heart.</p>

      <p>It was just his usual calm voice.</p>

      <p>Bifrons stared at Makoto. “So you can still speak... You are an oddly hardy human.”</p>

      <p>“Hm? Oh, you mean this?” Makoto asked, pointing at the hole in his chest.</p>

      <p>It was painful to even look at—a huge gash ran through his upper torso.</p>

      <p>“Nothing living can remain alive after a slice from my scythe of death,” said Bifrons.</p>

      <p>Even after hearing that, Makoto remained unbothered.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. I stopped time on the injury. I won’t die,” he said absently, wiping the blood from around his mouth. It was like he was just discussing the weather.</p>

      <p>“Foolishness.” Bifrons smirked. “However much you slow time around it, you cannot be saved from that wound.”</p>

      <p>Though the demon lord seemed amused, the pervading sense of ease was gone from his expression. Not surprising, considering how Makoto was acting. Regardless of his apparent impending doom, Makoto was just calmly looking around the area.</p>

      <p>Then, his eyes met mine. I felt my breath hitch.</p>

      <p>His gaze seemed to pass through me like I wasn’t even there. Looking into the depth of his eyes, I saw...me. Standing there, my body glowed in a rainbow of light.</p>

      <p>“You reversed day and night on the continent. That’s an impressive spell, Demon Lord Bifrons,” Makoto remarked, an easy cadence to his voice.</p>

      <p>This was weird. Bifrons’s spell had essentially prescribed our deaths, and yet, there was no sign of that tension in Makoto’s voice.</p>

      <p>I was more scared of Makoto right now than the demon lord.</p>

      <p>“It is a miracle granted to me through his grace,” the demon lord eventually replied. “It is not something I can use with impunity. But...how are you talking? Why are you not dead? Are you really human?”</p>

      <p>The demon lord’s gaze was aghast, like he was looking at a horrifying sight. Well, Makoto was talking normally, even though his chest was split open by a gaping wound that was certainly fatal.</p>

      <p>“I stopped time. I said that already, didn’t I?”</p>

      <p>The demon lord’s eyes widened. “Impossible. You <em>stopped</em> time? A complete cessation of chronological progress is...impossible...”</p>

      <p>“Okay then.”</p>

      <p>Slowly, Makoto lifted his hand and spoke.</p>

      <p><em>Time elementals.</em></p>

      <p>“Ahhhhh! No, that breaks decree one thousand and twenty-one of the div—”</p>

      <p>Estelle’s yell was cut off by a soft smile from Makoto.</p>

      <p>“You can see the same future as me, right? So you won’t shake my hand off.”</p>

      <p>“Right! You’re right! But still!”</p>

      <p>The demon lord seemed lost and unable to follow the conversation between them. “What are you two...?”</p>

      <p>I was lost too. I couldn’t understand what was going on with them at all.</p>

      <p>“Time elementals, correct the space-time distortion,” Makoto said, pointing to the western sky.</p>

      <p><em>What is he trying to do?</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly...</p>

      <p>“What the?!” yelled Bifrons.</p>

      <p>I could see the sun.</p>

      <p>The night sky was gradually lightening. As I was bathed in sunlight, I felt strength filling my body. Finally, I managed to speak.</p>

      <p>“Ma...koto!”</p>

      <p>He turned to me. “Ah, that makes sense, Anna. The time barrier isn’t enough to stop you from moving.”</p>

      <p>“W-We need to get that wound healed first...” I pleaded.</p>

      <p>There was still a huge slash through his chest. He ignored my statement, though.</p>

      <p>In the distance, the sun was rising faster and faster. Shrieks filled the air. The demon lord’s followers were undead, and the cacophony was coming from his horde. The sun was like poison to them—undead couldn’t persist in the daylight.</p>

      <p>“Stop it!” Bifrons yelled. He leveled his scythe at Makoto and slashed.</p>

      <p>Makoto’s raised arm went flying, severed from his body.</p>

      <p>I screamed. “Makoto!”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know how many times I’d cried out, but Makoto’s expression didn’t even flicker.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately for you, I asked the time elementals to turn on the daylight. Cut me as much as you like—it’s pointless. If anything, hurting their elementalist is just spurring them on.”</p>

      <p>Makoto’s tone was completely unconcerned even though his arm was missing and he had a massive hole in his chest.</p>

      <p>I stared at him, but I couldn’t muster a single word.</p>

      <p>“You’re mad,” Bifrons growled. Fear clouded his expression.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki!” Estelle yelled. “You can’t keep this up without ruining your mind and body!”</p>

      <p>“Right... I’m...just about...at my limit...”</p>

      <p>His voice suddenly started to weaken. The sun had just reached its zenith above us.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s done now. I’ll let the <em>Synchro</em> go.”</p>

      <p>Makoto released Estelle’s arm. The moment he did, blood gushed from his stump.</p>

      <p>He collapsed to the ground.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Makoto!”</p>

      <p>“Makoto!”</p>

      <p>Momo got to him quicker than I could. Her face was covered with tears.</p>

      <p>“Momo...” Makoto wheezed. “The sunlight...is bad for you...”</p>

      <p>Astonishingly enough, he seemed more concerned for her than himself.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto! No... Don’t die. Please, don’t die!”</p>

      <p>She was weeping at his side. Makoto’s lifeless eyes turned toward me, and I felt myself shudder.</p>

      <p>“Ma...ko...to...?”</p>

      <p>“Anna...the rest...is...up to you.”</p>

      <p>Makoto’s eyelids fell, and he said no more.</p>

      <p>“Teacheeeeerrrr!”</p>

      <p>Momo’s scream filled the air.</p>

      <p>B-But...</p>

      <p>“<em>Healing Magic: Revival</em>!”</p>

      <p>Estelle was at Makoto’s side, and she immediately cast healing magic on him. The bleeding stopped. Gradually, his wound closed.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay! He’s still alive!” Estelle exclaimed. “Leave him with me and carry out your own duties!”</p>

      <p>Her words brought me back to myself. Makoto’s request for me to defeat the demon lord replayed in my mind.</p>

      <p>Shining sunlight poured down on me.</p>

      <p><em>I need to finish this... I can’t</em> <em>waste the opportunity that Makoto almost killed himself for. </em></p>

      <p>Peering around, I took in the scope of the situation. I needed to ensure that I knew where everything was. Our enemies—including the demon lord—had started to retreat.</p>

      <p><em>It’s their fault!</em></p>

      <p>My sword shone prismatically—I tightened my grip.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>