<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“Wh-What’s with this speed?! You can move faster underwater than with flight magic?”</p>

      <p>His voice sounded weak, and Dia sighed in exasperation. “Pathetic. This speed is hardly anything.”</p>

      <p>Hmm. I honestly hadn’t thought it’d faze him either. We had far more difficult obstacles waiting for us.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Cain. I’ll go slower next time.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes... Please do.”</p>

      <p>He was Noah’s believer, and my single ally in this, so I was kinder to him than Dia had been. Still, we were going deeper. We slowly descended into the darkness. The temperature dropped, and I used magic to keep us warm. Before long, we were deep enough that the sunlight could no longer reach us.</p>

      <p>I used <em>Night Vision </em>and <em>Scouting</em> to keep watch of our surroundings. A lot of mana flowed in the sea, which meant that many monsters were present.</p>

      <p>“My liege. There is something ahead. Take care.”</p>

      <p>“That’s...a whale, isn’t it?” I asked. “Well, a whale the size of a boat.”</p>

      <p>“There’s also a megalodon watching us.”</p>

      <p>“It’s far enough away—we should be fine. We’ll keep an eye on it, though.”</p>

      <p>Cain looked between us, confused. “You two can see?”</p>

      <p>“You can’t?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I could...if I was wearing my helmet,” he said awkwardly.</p>

      <p>So he didn’t have <em>Night Vision</em>.</p>

      <p>“Put it on.”</p>

      <p>“Right...got it.”</p>

      <p><em>Huh. He relies more on his equipment than I thought.</em></p>

      <p>After slipping his helmet on, he immediately started thrashing, panicking.</p>

      <p>“Wha—? The monsters down here are <em>that</em> big?!” He then asked a stream of questions about the danger all around us. However, he quieted down when I told him they were all wary of Dia.</p>

      <p>An hour later, we arrived at the abyss. But of course, this wasn’t our destination—just the starting line.</p>

      <p>“Temple’s this way.” I pointed to the gash in the seabed. It was several meters wide and around a dozen kilometers long. According to legend, it was a scar on the planet, a lingering fallout from Titanomachy.</p>

      <p>The common name for it was Deep Scar.</p>

      <p>Within the crevice, it was like a whole different world. Deep Scar was part of a leyline, and it overflowed with power from the planet. The monsters inside were all strengthened to a whole other level. And at the deepest point—the Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p>“Let’s take a look, Cain.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait! You said we were just scouting today!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that’s why we should peek inside.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not what you said!”</p>

      <p>“We haven’t even been attacked yet.”</p>

      <p>“W-Well...I suppose so...”</p>

      <p>I pumped a fist. “So let’s head in! Dia, keep an eye out for us.”</p>

      <p>“Of course, my liege!” Dia answered immediately. Her enthusiasm was heartening.</p>

      <p>Slowly, we dropped down into the gash. The monsters in the area must have been wary of Dia’s mana because none of them attacked us.</p>

      <p><em>We’re being watched, though...</em></p>

      <p>I felt the eyes of hundreds of sea monsters, all surveying the visitors—us. <em>Scouting</em> informed me that they were sea dragons. <em>This must be the Nest of Dragons.</em></p>

      <p>Cain’s grip on my arm tightened. “Makoto Takatsuki. There are a lot of monsters here...”</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s the Nest of Dragons.”</p>

      <p>“The Nest of Dragons?!” he yelped. “We should attack first!”</p>

      <p>“We don’t need to fight unless they attack us.”</p>

      <p>“But then it will be too late!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry. It’s fine.”</p>

      <p><em>Sense Danger</em> wasn’t reacting at all. Dia yawned at my side, then actually addressed Cain for once.</p>

      <p>“You’re supposed to be a demon lord. Surely you don’t need to be so timid.”</p>

      <p>“But these are <em>natural </em>monsters,” Cain argued. “They have no connection to the demon army, so my presence is no deterrence.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, but with that sword and armor, you don’t need to be scared of monsters, do you?”</p>

      <p>Cain didn’t respond. Was he actually scared?</p>

      <p>We sunk farther and farther into Deep Scar. Yet despite the depth, it started to grow brighter. This wasn’t sunlight—there was magicite in the walls, glowing.</p>

      <p>This was all mana.</p>

      <p>The glimmer started out as faint points of light, but they gradually grew in number. It was like looking up into the night sky full of stars. The amount of mana in the water seemed to increase in proportion to the light. <em>This definitely feels like another world.</em></p>

      <p>“Pretty,” I murmured.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, my liege. It is a pleasant place for elementals.”</p>

      <p>I saw plenty of water elementals around. Dia’s mana seemed to be growing as well. At this rate, there was very little chance that any monster would come to mess with us. Dia and I happily looked out at the scenery.</p>

      <p>“Say...how far are we going?” asked Cain. “Is this not far enough for today?”</p>

      <p><em>It seems that the demon lord is not much of a fan. But the place is so pretty...</em></p>

      <p>Still, the question was valid.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Yeah. Let’s head back up,” I decided.</p>

      <p>Cain nodded vigorously. “Yes! Let’s!”</p>

      <p>“Aww, but I wanted to stay here longer,” Dia said, pouting.</p>

      <p>She wasn’t happy, but I thought we’d gotten plenty far for the first day.</p>

      <p>And so, the three of us headed back to camp.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>When we arrived, I cooked some dinner—fish I’d caught on the way back. Cain started the fire.</p>

      <p>“Today was a warm-up, but tomorrow we can really go for it. We should go to bed early tonight,” I suggested.</p>

      <p>Cain looked puzzled. “You...seem to be enjoying yourself.”</p>

      <p>“I do?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I have never done such a thing before. I did not think it would be so tiring.”</p>

      <p>As he spoke, he lay down, still wearing his armor.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Cainhart, surely it’s hard to sleep like that.”</p>

      <p>He glared harshly at me. “You want to get me in my sleep while I’m defenseless?! I will not hand them over to anyone!”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not what I’m going for at all... We’re going farther into the scar tomorrow, so you should get as much rest as possible. If you’re sleeping first, I’ll keep watch. G’night.”</p>

      <p>I turned away and started practicing my water magic.</p>

      <p>“You...aren’t going to sleep?”</p>

      <p>“Later,” I answered as I conjured butterflies of water. We were camping at the seaside, so there were plenty of water elementals. Maybe it also had something to do with the Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p>I looked up. The stars were so pretty. I trained for a while longer, and then...</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“What is it, Cainhart?”</p>

      <p>He paused for a moment. “It’s nothing. Until tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. We’ll go even deeper.”</p>

      <p>Silence. Eventually, his breathing transitioned, becoming soft and slow as he drifted off. It was the first night of the journey, so I didn’t sleep much at all. By the time I did get some rest, it was close to dawn.</p>

      <p>And thus, the first day of our adventure came to a close.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Momo’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>Sir Makoto had gone away. He was off training in the “Seafloor Temple” or whatever. It was safe here at the Temple of the Sun, but I suppose <em>too</em> safe for Sir Makoto—he was harsh on himself, so he must have wanted to train under more difficult conditions.</p>

      <p>“Haah... Makoto...”</p>

      <p>Anna was a little ways away heaving erotic sighs. She was obviously smitten with him, but she’d never admit it.</p>

      <p>My distracted demeanor soon caught the gaze of Teacher Mel. “Little one, is your head in the clouds?”</p>

      <p>“N-No!” I exclaimed. “I’m practicing!” Immediately, I started chanting a spell. “<em>Wood Magic: Ivy Prison</em>!”</p>

      <p>Roots burst from the ground and wrapped around the scarecrow we’d set up as a makeshift enemy. Even though it was rather basic magic, this spell could capture even a dragon.</p>

      <p>“I did it!” I cheered.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Your <em>Sage</em> skill is showing its worth yet again. You learn quickly.”</p>

      <p>“Yay! But... How come I’m not learning attack spells?”</p>

      <p>I was confused. Sir Makoto was aiming for us to fight Demon Lord Bifrons. The demon lord was a terrifying opponent, and also the one who’d turned me into a vampire. Surely I should be learning stronger, offensive spells?</p>

      <p>“Many of Bifrons’s subordinates are undead,” Mel explained. “Usually, holy-aligned spells like <em>Sun Magic</em> would be the best counter, but...those types of magic aren’t suitable for you as a half-vampire. Controlling the battlefield will be more useful than just flinging attack magic.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see...”</p>

      <p>I sighed.</p>

      <p>“Besides,” she continued. “We have a strategic mage on our side. We can leave the offense to him.”</p>

      <p>“A strategic mage?” I asked, taken aback at the unfamiliar term.</p>

      <p>“Elementalists used to be called as such. I suppose the name isn’t used anymore.”</p>

      <p>Perhaps Anna’s ears had perked up at our conversation because she came over to join us. “You mean Makoto?” she asked.</p>

      <p>I wondered the same thing. “Teacher Mel, what’s strategic magic?”</p>

      <p>“Magic that focuses on destroying towns or entire countries...” Mel murmured. “It was also known as indiscriminate massacring magic.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>Anna and I looked at each other, shocked. That power sounded awful.</p>

      <p>“Strategic magic destroys all, young or old,” Mel said solemnly.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto wouldn’t do that!” Anna protested.</p>

      <p>“Right!” I nodded vigorously. “Sir Makoto is a kind person!”</p>

      <p>Teacher Mel just sighed at our rebuttal. “It is not a matter of strategic magic being <em>able</em> to destroy on a massive scale. Rather, the issue is that a strategic mage is <em>unable</em> to avoid that outcome. Elemental magic is difficult to apply with any precision. It is a final resort that engulfs all, be they ally or foe. That is the core of elemental magic.”</p>

      <p>“But Makoto hasn’t caught us in any bad spells—” Anna cut herself off, and her eyes widened. “Oh...”</p>

      <p>“Did you forget Labyrinthos, Hero? You nearly died because of that Undyne, did you not?”</p>

      <p>Anna paused for a moment, then mumbled, “I did...”</p>

      <p>“But he’s been really careful about that kind of thing ever since!” I protested.</p>

      <p>Mel offered a small nod. “Indeed he has. He manages to use elemental magic in ways that don’t affect us...though that should be impossible.”</p>

      <p>“I knew he was amazing!” I cheered.</p>

      <p>Teacher Mel did not match my enthusiasm. She wore a conflicted expression. “The magic we manipulate is, fundamentally, an imitation of the gods’ miracles. Given how much power he possesses, he must have some kind of blessing.”</p>

      <p>“But he said he didn’t believe in a god, right?” Anna asked, her tone stern.</p>

      <p><em>Why did Anna’s words sound like a rebuke? I don’t really believe in any god either.</em></p>

      <p>“Being a nonbeliever is one thing,” said Mel, “but that isn’t all. The goddesses that rule the divine realm <em>hate</em> elemental magic.”</p>

      <p>Anna tilted her head, eyes brimming with curiosity. “They...do?”</p>

      <p>I was just as curious. What did she mean by “hate”?</p>

      <p>“Using elemental magic causes too much destruction to the environment. It’s like purposefully calling up a natural disaster. As time has passed, those with the ability have decreased in number, and the goddesses have stopped giving out the skill.”</p>

      <p>“But Makoto was given his duty by Althena,” I pointed out.</p>

      <p>“He certainly said so.” There was a frown on Teacher Mel’s face. She put a hand to her chin in thought, and several long moments passed. Eventually, she spoke again. “I believe he may not be of this world.”</p>

      <p>“Not of this world?” Anna repeated.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“I draw this conclusion based on a few observations,” Mel explained. “After speaking with him, I’ve realized that he seems somehow lacking in knowledge about the ways of our world. He also wields a form of elemental magic that seems almost mutated. These characteristics match perfectly with those of the otherworlders that appear every few hundred years.”</p>

      <p>Anna gasped. “Makoto is—”</p>

      <p>“An otherworlder?” I finished.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t a word I’d ever even <em>imagined</em> hearing. I was struggling to keep up.</p>

      <p>“This is just my assumption,” Mel reiterated. “I could well be wrong. If you are curious, then you should ask him yourself.”</p>

      <p>“Aren’t <em>you</em> curious?” I wondered.</p>

      <p>“I am. But if he decides not to say anything, perhaps it is better to let things remain hidden.”</p>

      <p>“Hrm...”</p>

      <p>I wanted to know. I wanted to know everything about him. <em>Okay! I’ll ask him about it all when he gets back. </em></p>

      <p>Oh yeah—he still hadn’t finished that book he’d been reading so often when we’d first met. In between bouts of training, I’d started to learn how to read. <em>Maybe he’ll let me borrow it someday. </em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The following days were spent training and waiting for Sir Makoto to return.</p>

      <p>“You seem forlorn, Anna,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Ye— Gah! No...I just...”</p>

      <p>“Just admit it already. You love him.”</p>

      <p>“N-No! I respect him, but it’s nothing like that!”</p>

      <p>“You were talking about him in your sleep.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?! I-I wasn’t! I wasn’t, right? Momo!”</p>

      <p>“Who knows?” I snickered. Honestly, all she’d done was let his name slip while she’d been dreaming. It was funny to watch her panic though, so I didn’t elaborate.</p>

      <p>Finally, the day came when Sir Makoto was scheduled to return. Teacher Mel had gone out to fetch him. As I waited for them to get back, I fidgeted anxiously.</p>

      <p>Then, I heard a noise.</p>

      <p><em>He’s back! </em>Anna and I rushed out to meet him, but the sight that greeted us was...unexpected.</p>

      <p>His face was dark—his eyes were hollow. Anna and I were completely lost for words. <em>I’ve never seen him like this before... </em>His clothes, which usually looked so nice, were ragged. He meandered toward the temple, dragging his feet.</p>

      <p>“Um...Sir Makoto?” I called out hesitantly. He didn’t reply at all. Instead, he collapsed into his bed.</p>

      <p><em>What happened?!</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Anna’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Mmmm... Yeah, that ain’t happening. I’m not gonna be able to beat that,” Makoto grumbled.</p>

      <p>He was still in his bed. It’d been a whole two days since he’d gotten back, and he’d been like this the whole time.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto...are you thirsty?” Momo asked, her voice full of devotion. She held out a cup. “Here, have some water.”</p>

      <p>“Mm. Thanks, Momo.” He took a sip and let her fawn over him.</p>

      <p>Momo giggled. “Was it good? I’ll make breakfast this morning.”</p>

      <p>“I’d appreciate that.”</p>

      <p>“No problem! After all, you’ve been pushing yourself this whole time. There, there.” She stroked his hair, cooing at him.</p>

      <p><em>My, Momo is starting to dote on a man... Is this a good thing?</em></p>

      <p>From behind us, an exasperated voice spoke up. “What’s gotten into you, Elementalist?”</p>

      <p>“Lady Helemmelk,” I said, turning to her.</p>

      <p>“This is <em>supposed</em> to be the man who will battle Demon Lord Bifrons a year hence! Pathetic...”</p>

      <p>“Well, he’s like this because he had a terrifying experience at the Seafloor Temple—”</p>

      <p>Mel cut off my defense. “I know, but he needs to get over it.”</p>

      <p>She approached him, and before I could register what was happening, she delivered a swift kick. Makoto rolled off his bed and fell to the floor.</p>

      <p>“Ow.” He was grumbling, but it didn’t look like she’d hurt him all that much.</p>

      <p>“Teacher Mel! What are you doing?!” Momo demanded angrily.</p>

      <p>“Enough spinelessness! Are you the man that forced me to follow you or not?!”</p>

      <p>Makoto was silent for a moment, then said, “I’ll be up in a minute.” He stretched with a grunt and stood. Compared to his pallid complexion from a couple of days ago, his face had much more color now.</p>

      <p>“Um...Makoto?” I asked cautiously. “What in the world happened?” He hadn’t actually given all that many specifics.</p>

      <p>“Ah, well, about that...” He scratched his cheek before launching into an absolutely ridiculous explanation.</p>

      <p>“You...ran into the Divine Beast Leviathan...” Lady Helemmelk’s jaw hung open in shock.</p>

      <p>“Is a divine beast that horrifying?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Well, it was pretty tough,” said Makoto, “but there was a bigger problem...”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“I apologize, my liege...” Dia the Undyne materialized next to him. Her usual haughtiness was completely gone. She almost seemed smaller.</p>

      <p>“There was...a barrier that blocked all elemental magic,” Makoto explained.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!” Momo exclaimed. “Then what happened to <em>her</em>?!”</p>

      <p>Dia reluctantly answered. “I couldn’t get close. The barrier was constructed by Neptus, and it refuses all elementals! Those damned Olympians! When our leader is back—”</p>

      <p>“Okay, Dia, that’s enough!” Makoto exclaimed. He shoved his hands over her mouth and seemed to be panicking slightly.</p>

      <p>Neptus was one of the higher gods—Althena’s uncle. <em>He</em> had put up a barrier against elementals?</p>

      <p>“Um, well, since Dia can’t help, are you giving up on beating the temple?” Momo asked.</p>

      <p>Dia screeched an inarticulate protest and lunged for Momo.</p>

      <p>“Hey! It’s just the truth!” Momo argued.</p>

      <p>Makoto sighed heavily. “Don’t fight, you two. I’m still going to try. I just can’t come up with any way around this. Not having elemental magic is too extreme.”</p>

      <p>I noticed that his tone of voice seemed practically back to normal. Maybe he was fully recovered.</p>

      <p>That was when Lady Helemmelk broke in. “Waitwaitwaitwait! E-Elementalist! Do you know what you’re <em>doing</em>?! That’s the Divine Beast Leviathan! A weapon used by the gods in the interstellar war! You can’t measure up!”</p>

      <p>Momo and I stared blankly at her. I’d never heard of an “interstellar” war before. Was she talking about the Titanomachy fairy tale?</p>

      <p>“I know. Ir—a goddess told me.” His face twisted in disgust. “Apparently, Leviathan has the capability to alter the sea level of the entire planet. It was one of the three main offensive powers used in that war. I didn’t think I’d be able to <em>fight</em> it. Just, y’know, slip past or something.”</p>

      <p>“‘Think’ my tail!” Mel said angrily. “That <em>thing</em> fought even the Titans and outer gods! A demon lord would be <em>nothing </em>in comparison!”</p>

      <p>“And unfortunately, I found that out firsthand...” Makoto mumbled. “Well, I’ll do my best not to cause you any issues.”</p>

      <p>“Enraging it would destroy the world! What were you thinking?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, I won’t go picking a fight.”</p>

      <p>“Really?” Mel looked at him suspiciously. “Fine, then.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t follow their conversation entirely, but I could at least understand one thing—Makoto had faced an extremely powerful adversary, and yet he still hadn’t given up on his goal.</p>

      <p>Makoto straightened and turned to Momo. “Let’s get some training in, shall we?”</p>

      <p>“Aww, let me pamper you more,” she whined. “Look, you can lie in my lap.”</p>

      <p>“I can’t sleep any more. I’ve already had at least a week’s worth.”</p>

      <p>Momo smiled. “Awww, you’re<em> really </em>back now”</p>

      <p>“How were things while I was gone?” Makoto asked.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee hee. Just you wait. It’s been going perfectly—you’ll be surprised!”</p>

      <p>The two of them kept talking as they walked off.</p>

      <p>“For the love of...” Lady Helemmelk sighed in relief as she sank down in a chair and started brewing herself some tea.</p>

      <p>I hesitated, not knowing what to do, but I eventually decided to follow Makoto and Momo to their training spot. I could hear their voices coming from outside. However, once they came into view, I was immediately taken aback.</p>

      <p>“Uh?”</p>

      <p>“<em>Clone</em>! And...<em>Teleport</em>!”</p>

      <p>Momo split into seven copies of herself and then proceeded to break the laws of physics over her knee. That is, she teleported. Over and over, the clones attacked Makoto.</p>

      <p><em>I can only barely follow what’s going on! When did Momo get so good with her magic?!</em></p>

      <p>What came next was even more incredible.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Water Gaol</em>,” Makoto cast. He showed not a single hint of concern about Momo’s onslaught. Water rapidly rushed around him and caught all seven of the Momos.</p>

      <p>“Gyah! <em>All</em> of them?! I attacked from your blind spot, though! How?!”</p>

      <p>“That was close—pretty good offense, Momo.”</p>

      <p>“It wasn’t close at all! How’d you do that?!”</p>

      <p>“Well, I used my 360-degree vision and <em>Mind Accel</em>. Also, I can deploy my water spells quickly.”</p>

      <p>“Mrrghm, I thought I’d manage to surprise you!”</p>

      <p>“You did.”</p>

      <p>“No, I didn’t, not even close! You watched my ultimate move without even blinking!”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine,” Makoto assured her. “Not even the gods can break my <em>Calm Mind</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Considering how down in the dumps you were after a little setback in the sea, I doubt that!” Momo said petulantly.</p>

      <p>“Don’t be like that!”</p>

      <p>As they spoke, Momo launched off a <em>Thunderbolt</em>.</p>

      <p><em>She cast that so quickly!</em></p>

      <p>“Not good enough, little one,” Dia said, appearing at Makoto’s side to brush the lightning away.</p>

      <p>That was supposed to be an ultra rank skill! But Dia brushed it aside like it was just some falling leaf!</p>

      <p>Momo’s attacks continued to grow in breadth—Makoto casually sidestepped each one. He was smiling, obviously pleased by her growth.</p>

      <p><em>H-Huh. Momo got really strong...</em></p>

      <p>Makoto was obviously the strongest, but Lady Helemmelk was an accomplished spellcaster and had the power of an ancient dragon. W-Was I the weakest in the party?</p>

      <p><em>I shouldn’t have been worrying about him! At this rate, I’ll just be a burden!</em></p>

      <p>After that, I spent a lot of time training with my magic sword.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Aren’t you sleeping?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Despite the late hour, Makoto was still training his water magic.</p>

      <p>“I slept yesterday. I’ll be fine.”</p>

      <p>“U-Uh...okay?” Was he kidding? It didn’t sound like it, and that made it all the scarier.</p>

      <p>“Phwaaahhh...” Dia yawned. “I’m heading to sleep, my liege.”</p>

      <p>“Sure. Night, Dia.”</p>

      <p>See, even <em>she</em> was sleeping! Momo had long since passed out as well. A vampire being early to bed and early to rise didn’t seem quite right... Lady Helemmelk had a proper sleep schedule too. Makoto was the one with the most inhuman sleep patterns.</p>

      <p>“How is your training going, Ab—Anna?”</p>

      <p>I gulped at the question. I was still thinking of how to answer as I sat down by his side.</p>

      <p>“Anna?” He sounded confused. I leaned slightly into his shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Honestly, I’m at a loss,” I admitted weakly, resting my head on him. I wondered if he might put an arm around my shoulders, but he didn’t. He did, however, stop his casting and look down at me.</p>

      <p>“I heard you can use <em>Sword of Light</em> now.”</p>

      <p>I let a few seconds of silence pass, then murmured, “I can. Only for a few seconds, though.”</p>

      <p>That was the one attack that had worked on Demon Lord Cain in Labyrinthos. When I was in the sun, I could muster up <em>just</em> enough for a single strike. After that, I had to wait a while before I could use it again. It honestly seemed like the skill would be all but useless in a real battle.</p>

      <p>Makoto seemed to think differently, though. A wicked, scheming grin spread across his face. “That’s enough.”</p>

      <p>“Enough?” I didn’t understand. Surely a few seconds of <em>Sword of Light</em> would be of little use.</p>

      <p>“Johnnie and the others will deal with the demon lord’s subordinates. As for his aides, Setekh and Sciulli, well...Mel and I will deal with them. So the only real issue is Bifrons. I <em>could</em> borrow power from Dia and her sisters. Lower my lifespan again.”</p>

      <p>“Um, Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Look, you just need to be ready to use the <em>Sword of Light</em>. I’ll make sure the demon lord can’t dodge.”</p>

      <p>I was silent. Was he being serious?</p>

      <p>The words “You’re kidding, right?” nearly passed my lips, but the look on his face stopped them in my throat. There was no hint of levity in his eyes, nor any eagerness. This whole situation just...wasn’t a big deal to him. That’s what his gaze was telling me.</p>

      <p>What in the world <em>was</em> he? He was different from anyone I’d ever met. It felt like he—and he alone—saw this demon-infested world in a different light.</p>

      <p>My heart pounded.</p>

      <p>I’d been thinking about him the entire time he’d been away. And after he’d returned, I hadn’t been able to keep my eyes off him.</p>

      <p>Since the death of my mentor, I’d been crying myself to sleep every night. But...that hadn’t been the case recently. Instead, I thought of <em>him</em> and felt myself calm down.</p>

      <p>Momo had teased me, and I’d denied it. <em>I...might not be able to keep that up, though. If we win...I’ll say it...but...</em></p>

      <p>For now, I’d focus on my duty. I would master <em>Sword of Light</em>, the technique that no one else could use. With that, I’d fulfill the dearest wish of the woman who had raised me: hand this continent back over to the humans.</p>

      <p><em>If that happens, I’ll tell Makoto how I feel.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>In the year that followed, Momo and I trained as much as we could.</p>

      <p>Lady Helemmelk taught us magic. I used memories of the Hero of Fire to bolster my swordplay, and I prayed to Althena. Momo got stronger and stronger. Makoto helped Momo with her training and offered me advice. Occasionally, he ventured to the Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p>The days passed until it was finally time...</p>

      <p>Time to bring the fight to the demon lord.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>