<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“Originally, there were three demon lords who ruled this continent. Astaroth, Zagan, and Forneus. You know that, correct?”</p>

      <p>“Of course I do.”</p>

      <p>That hadn’t changed, even a thousand years in the future. I’d heard a lot about how they ruled the demon continent.</p>

      <p>“However, I can see subordinates of Goliath, Valac, Erinyes, and Barbatos here. Even some of the survivors of Bifrons’s forces are present.”</p>

      <p>“Which means...”</p>

      <p>I finally understood exactly what she’d meant by “combined forces.” This was <em>not</em> a good situation.</p>

      <p>“There is a chance that the demon lords have gathered from around the world.”</p>

      <p>“And their goal is to avenge Bifrons,” Johnnie said.</p>

      <p>“I’m not sure about that...” I murmured. I then decided to pass along the information from Ira. “The demon lords are not particularly cooperative with each other. They aren’t generally that close.”</p>

      <p>I wouldn’t expect them to immediately jump to vengeance over a fellow demon lord’s death...</p>

      <p>“L-Let’s get away, Makoto...” Anna murmured.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto...they’ll find us...” Momo added.</p>

      <p>Both of them reached out to me.</p>

      <p>Johnnie turned to me. “Sir Makoto, our target is the snake’s head, Iblis. We need to find his castle, so let us depart from here.”</p>

      <p>Even Johnnie, who seemed to know no fear, was recommending that we retreat.</p>

      <p>“Come on. Let’s go, Elementalist.”</p>

      <p>Mel called out to me, and both Momo and Anna were sending pleading looks my way.</p>

      <p>Our best move was obviously to leave. Even I knew that. I did. But still...<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you fight the demon lords’ armies?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>If it wasn’t for that...</em></p>

      <p>Floating in front of me were sparkling letters.</p>

      <p><em>RPG Player</em>.</p>

      <p>Time after time, the skill had given me valuable advice at major points in my adventures. Now it was asking me if I was really willing to just leave things as they were.</p>

      <p>I could feel my party members’ gazes on me as I fretted about my decision.</p>

      <p><em>...uki! Makoto Takatsuki!</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, a bell-like voice had just echoed in my mind.</p>

      <p>Ira?</p>

      <p>Apparently, she’d finally tuned to the correct station. Phew.</p>

      <p><em>Wha?! What a—! You...?!</em></p>

      <p>Ira?</p>

      <p>Oh...maybe she hadn’t quite finished up.</p>

      <p><em>What were you thinking, purposefully getting close to the army?!!!!</em></p>

      <p>My (figurative) ears were ringing.</p>

      <p>“Owww.” I couldn’t help but frown.</p>

      <p>Momo gazed at my expression and spoke, concern in her voice. “Sir Makoto, what is it?”</p>

      <p>“Ira finally got through to me.”</p>

      <p>“That is all we could ask for. Ask her where Iblis is and we can travel there immediately,” Mel pressed.</p>

      <p>“Let’s do that, Makoto,” Anna added.</p>

      <p>Johnnie nodded. “Indeed. Their forces are focused here, so now is our best chance to strike.”</p>

      <p>Before we set out though, I needed to ask the goddess something. I spoke out loud so everyone could hear.</p>

      <p>“Ira, I need to know...”</p>

      <p><em>I get it. You want to know where Iblis is. Leave it to me. I was looking into it while I was tuning the telepathy, so I know exactly where he is! Head nor—</em></p>

      <p>“No, I didn’t want to ask where Iblis is.”</p>

      <p>All five of them—physically present or not—exclaimed in shock. I continued the question.</p>

      <p>“Will the army here find the town in Labyrinthos?”</p>

      <p>My four companions grew wide-eyed in shock. I thought that the army probably would find the town—that was exactly why <em>RPG Player</em> was giving me the choice. The dungeon town was huge, and it had only grown after Bifrons’s defeat. With a million demons tearing through the area, they could hardly hide. Then, when they were finally found...no one would survive. This was the demon lords’ main fighting force. The citizens would be crushed like ants.</p>

      <p>There was no response from Ira. <em>That in itself is an answer, I suppose.</em></p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto, what did she—?” Johnnie half-voiced the question. He was the person most invested in the town.</p>

      <p>“Ira, they’ll find it, won’t they?” I asked again, but it was more of a statement. I spoke the words with a sense of certainty.</p>

      <p>Johnnie grunted, his expression darkening.</p>

      <p>“But...Sir Makoto,” Momo whimpered.</p>

      <p>“Makoto!” exclaimed Anna. “We need to head back and warn them!”</p>

      <p>“Where will they hide?” Johnnie countered. “There are too many people.”</p>

      <p>“We ancient dragons will help...but there are too many citizens. We cannot hide everyone.”</p>

      <p>“We could move farther in,” Anna suggested.</p>

      <p>“The environment gets more treacherous the farther you go,” said Johnnie, “and the citizens won’t be able to carry on with their lives.”</p>

      <p>“I...see...”</p>

      <p>“We have no time,” Mel said gravely, “We need to go back.”</p>

      <p>Johnnie nodded. “We do.”</p>

      <p>“Makoto!”</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto!”</p>

      <p>Their voices all echoed through my ears. As they did, I once again remembered a line from the book.</p>

      <p><em>A million-strong army invaded from the demon continent and the savior defeated them. </em></p>

      <p>I sighed. It seemed like it was fate. Now, it was just a matter of when and where we would strike.</p>

      <p>Ira immediately read my mind.</p>

      <p><em>Hold it right there! </em>exclaimed Ira. <em>What are you...? You can’t seriously be thinking that?!</em></p>

      <p>That’s right, Goddess.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, wait, wait! Listen to me! You can’t do that! You can’t!</em></p>

      <p>Even though it was in my head, it sounded like her voice was echoing. Her guidance was almost certainly correct. In terms of safety, it made logical sense to abandon the town. But still...</p>

      <p><em>Come on. Makoto Takatsuki, change your mind.</em></p>

      <p>Her voice sounded pained. But surely there was some way we could help.</p>

      <p>She gave a long pause.</p>

      <p><em>I cannot </em>believe<em> how much of an idiot you are. When this is over, you’re getting a full day of lecturing.</em></p>

      <p>Thank you, Ira.</p>

      <p>The goddess had agreed...albeit with strings attached.</p>

      <p><em>Idiot...</em></p>

      <p>I turned to the rest of my party.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, listen to me, would you?”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Anna’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Wha?”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t believe my ears. Had he <em>really</em> just said that?</p>

      <p>“Let’s defeat those million demons right here.”</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto,” I stuttered.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Anna?” he asked. My voice was trembling, but he sounded as calm as ever.</p>

      <p>“Y-You really want to fight? You’re...not scared?”</p>

      <p>My legs were shaking. I was terrified. The people in the dungeon town had taken me in and had helped me to survive, so thinking about the danger they were in made my stomach turn. However, this army was a million soldiers strong... Taking them on couldn’t be considered anything but suicide.</p>

      <p>Before I could plead with him to reconsider, Makoto responded to my question.</p>

      <p>“Of course I’m scared.”</p>

      <p>“Then...!”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t bring myself to say that we should abandon the town.</p>

      <p>“One of the hardest parts of being a hero,” said Makoto, “is not being able to step away from a fight like this.”</p>

      <p>I was startled. There was no hint of fear or nerves on his face—his tone sounded more resigned than anything.</p>

      <p><em>“However strong their opponent, a hero must fight.”</em> This was something my mentor had once said.</p>

      <p>I wanted to be like her. How had Makoto managed to say the same thing? And...how had his voice calmed my trembling?</p>

      <p>“Ira?” he muttered. “Well, I wanted to look at least a little cool... Ah, yeah, yeah, okay.”</p>

      <p>He looked slightly conflicted.</p>

      <p>“Um...what did she say?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“She’s just a little pissed at me.”</p>

      <p>He smiled mischievously. I couldn’t put a name to the odd feeling unfolding in my chest.</p>

      <p>I took his hand firmly. “I want...”</p>

      <p>I trailed off. <em>That’s all I can possibly say.</em></p>

      <p>“Let’s do our best together,” he murmured. He gently squeezed my hand back.</p>

      <p>Arrayed in front of us was an army of a million fighters. There were so many bodies that they obscured the ground beneath them.</p>

      <p>But as long as Makoto was at my side, I could forget some of my fear.</p>

      <p>The other three, however, were panicked by his decision.</p>

      <p>“Elementalist?! What are you saying?!”</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto, that’s absurd! We’ll die a pointless death.”</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto... Please don’t!”</p>

      <p>Our other party members were obviously trying to stop him.</p>

      <p>But then it happened.</p>

      <p>“<em>Calm Mind</em>,” I heard him whisper.</p>

      <p>“Mako—”</p>

      <p>As I called out to him, I realized the air was...cold. It felt almost like we’d plunged into the depths of winter, and my breath misted in front of my face. The other three stopped in their tracks, mouths agape. I did the same.</p>

      <p>There’d been a definite change in him. It was just like when he’d fought Bifrons. He’d become <em>something else</em>.</p>

      <p>“Okay, Anna. Would you come with me?” he asked, turning to smile at me. The smile didn’t reach his eyes, though.</p>

      <p>As I looked dazedly into his eyes, I spotted a glimmer of prismatic light in their depths. I was so overwhelmed that I couldn’t even manage a response.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, many beautiful blue-skinned women appeared and surrounded him.</p>

      <p>“My liege, are we to march to battle?”</p>

      <p>“Finally.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve been waiting for this.”</p>

      <p>Undyne.</p>

      <p>So many of them.</p>

      <p>Dia was there, but there were many more besides her—over a dozen stood around him. The mana surrounding them was enough to put the demon lord to shame, so even someone as strong as Lady Helemmelk felt insignificant in their presence.</p>

      <p>“Anna?” Makoto asked.</p>

      <p>“R-Right! I’m ready...Makoto.”</p>

      <p>Despite feeling overwhelmed by the pressure of their mana, I managed to nod and take his hand properly.</p>

      <p>“M-Me too!” Momo insisted.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Momo, but the spell I’m going to use would hurt you all, so you can’t come with me.”</p>

      <p>“B-But!” I immediately noticed a problem with what he’d said.</p>

      <p>“Then what of Lady Anna?” Johnnie asked. “Isn’t she going with you?”</p>

      <p>If what Makoto had said was true, then surely his spell would affect me too...</p>

      <p>“Anna, you need to protect yourself with your <em>Hero of Light</em> skill. If you do, my elemental magic won’t harm you.”</p>

      <p>“G-Got it...”</p>

      <p>He readily admitted that his spell was dangerous. Usually, he would never say anything like that. His demeanor right now...was a little frightening.</p>

      <p>“Elementalist, you’ve been spotted,” Lady Helemmelk said, pointing to the army.</p>

      <p>A scouting force or something similar seemed to be heading our way. Though, it was hardly surprising that they’d spotted us—the amount of mana coming off the Undyne was absurd. They would’ve noticed us no matter how far away they were.</p>

      <p>“Mel, take Momo and Johnnie—get as far away as you can.”</p>

      <p>Lady Helemmelk was silent for a moment. She gazed at him intently. “Don’t die, Elementalist.”</p>

      <p>With that, she took off. The army was currently moving to surround us, and some of the monsters broke off to chase her.</p>

      <p>I was a little worried, but sure that Lady Helemmelk would be fine.</p>

      <p>“Anna, take us over there with flight magic,” Makoto said.</p>

      <p>I gaped. Makoto was pointing at a spot in the center of the entire army. He wanted to put us right in the middle of a million enemies! And yet...he sounded so casual about it.</p>

      <p>Our little hill would soon be surrounded, but the bulk of the army wasn’t getting any closer. Maybe they were afraid of the mana from the Undyne.</p>

      <p>However, we couldn’t know when the army would decide to strike.</p>

      <p>“Anna?”</p>

      <p>Makoto had a blank look of confusion on his face. It was like he didn’t understand what was causing me to delay. His attitude really annoyed me.</p>

      <p><em>Damn it all! He’s way too chaotic!</em></p>

      <p>He generally seemed cautious, but during moments like this, he was always ready to plunge right into the fray. We were also constantly worried that he would die! I couldn’t bear to watch him flirt with his demise, so I’d have to go with him.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, I can’t use the skill without sunlight, and I can’t part the clouds on my own. Can you sort that out?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right.”</p>

      <p>He said something to Dia.</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me, my liege!”</p>

      <p>One of the Undyne vanished, flying into the sky. There was a soundless explosion, and then, the <em>Clouds of Darkness</em> broke apart, revealing an open blue sky.</p>

      <p><em>He shattered Iblis’s spell so easily...</em></p>

      <p>Makoto was a truly astonishing person. Bathed in the sunlight, I could feel my body filling with strength. The light turned into aura, and I could feel myself calming down. This was another part of the <em>Hero of Light</em> skill.</p>

      <p><em>Though, I’m still pretty much a mess compared to Makoto.</em></p>

      <p>I could still hear my heart pounding in my ears, but my body had stopped shaking.</p>

      <p>The army looked to be having a difficult time. It must’ve come as a real shock when the <em>Clouds of Darkness</em> suddenly broke apart. Formations splintered, and I could actually hear the demons’ uproar. They must have realized that we had caused it, but even so, they didn’t move to attack.</p>

      <p>Apparently, the Undynes’ mana was just that scary.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Anna.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>I gripped his hand and let my wings unfurl. We floated gently into the air, slowly making our way to the center of their forces.</p>

      <p>“Who are you?!” some general yelled.</p>

      <p>“Stop! If you come any closer, we’ll bring you down!” someone screamed before attacking.</p>

      <p>At this point, the monsters began charging en masse, and the army sent wave after wave to strike us. There seemed to be no end to them—a dizzying number of enemies attacked, and yet, not one of them reached us.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic (Saint Rank): Ice Frontier</em>.</p>

      <p>The Undyne that Makoto was controlling conjured a barrier of ice. It started as a small circular barrier but gradually grew until it was the size of a small village. Everyone who crossed the barrier found themselves frozen and covered in snow. I was the only exception—my <em>Hero of Light</em> skill was protecting me.</p>

      <p>So this was the indiscriminate spell he’d been talking about...</p>

      <p>“Die, Hero!”</p>

      <p>A demonic soldier covered in thick miasma yelled, charging. This was likely a demon of some renown. I readied my sword to defend. I calculated that the demon’s blade would reach us in two seconds. My sword was clad in aura, and all I needed to do was swing it to remove the demon’s head from his body.</p>

      <p>Yet, even this powerful demon froze solid a few dozen steps away.</p>

      <p>I let out a sigh, and my breath glittered in the air.</p>

      <p>The world around us felt like a region of extreme cold. Even the air itself seemed to sting. If it weren’t for my skill, I wouldn’t have been able to keep standing. I wanted to move around and do something because I could feel myself slowing from the frigid temperature.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, there isn’t anything for me to do,” I protested.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be your turn soon,” he said.</p>

      <p>“Aren’t you going to defeat them all?”</p>

      <p>I’d relaxed enough to ask that question, but his expression remained serious.</p>

      <p>None of the army could even get within sword’s reach. His barrier had colored the entire area white, as far as I could see. It was like a world of glittering frost—beautiful, but also deadly. Anything that set foot in this world would freeze to death.</p>

      <p>Did he just want to keep the barrier up and stop them all in their tracks?</p>

      <p><em>Amazing...</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, Makoto broke my reverie.</p>

      <p>“You’re up, Anna.”</p>

      <p>I jumped slightly. When I looked around, I spotted something nearby—something that was clearly different from the demons that had attacked so far.</p>

      <p>A thick layer of miasma filled the air. Makoto looked up, and I followed his gaze.</p>

      <p>Several figures gazed down at us.</p>

      <p>“Are you the little Abel that the Great One was talking about?”</p>

      <p>The woman’s voice was bright and out of place. Though she was inside Makoto’s barrier, she was still smiling cheerily. She was frightfully beautiful. Her eyes were crimson, and jet-black wings sprouted from her back. At a glance, I thought she was an avian, like me, but she was radiating waves of unpleasantness that told me she was different.</p>

      <p>“Look closer, Erinyes—that is an avian woman. The Hero of Light is a man.”</p>

      <p>The man who answered was no less good-looking than the woman, who was apparently named Erinyes. He wore fine clothing, like those a noble would wear, and his demeanor seemed rather refined.</p>

      <p>However, looking at him made me feel disgusted. I scowled.</p>

      <p>“I can feel Althena’s blessing on her,” argued the woman. “She’s definitely the Hero of Light.”</p>

      <p>“But... That would mean that <em>His </em>foresight was wrong.”</p>

      <p>At this point, a much older voice interjected.</p>

      <p>“It matters not. We can find out the truth once she’s dead. Hurry up. It’s far too cold here.”</p>

      <p>It was hard to make out what that voice was saying. Every word was accompanied by what sounded like wingbeats. Despite the apparent age of this third figure, their miasma and general air of bloodthirstiness was the most intense.</p>

      <p>The woman, Erinyes, scoffed. “You’re supposed to be Valac, and yet you shiver because of some human’s spell.”</p>

      <p>“Silence, devil brat. Look, there are Undyne. I haven’t seen any in millennia. Why are they following some mere human?”</p>

      <p>“That doesn’t make sense,” the handsome man remarked. “In this era, the elementals’ god has Cain as her apostle.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes, I haven’t seen Cain in a while,” the woman trilled. “I wonder where he’s run off to.”</p>

      <p>They were talking like we weren’t even here—it was all but impossible to interrupt them. Though there were only three of them, each felt just as imposing—or even more so—as Bifrons.</p>

      <p>One of them had been called Erinyes, and another, Valac. <em>Were they...?</em></p>

      <p>Thud! The impact was massive. I looked in the direction it had come from, and...</p>

      <p><em>Wh-When did he get here?!</em></p>

      <p>I saw an enormous humanoid even bigger than Lady Helemmelk, and beside it was an even bigger quadrupedal monster.</p>

      <p>No, it wasn’t a monster... The beast exuded miasma, even more so than the three in the sky.</p>

      <p>The giant humanoid and the animal spoke, but I couldn’t understand what they said.</p>

      <p>“Zagan, Goliath, yoohoo!” waved the black-winged woman. I felt my body stiffen at her words.</p>

      <p>There was no way I’d mishear the names of the world’s rulers.</p>

      <p>I heard Makoto sigh. “Five demon lords at once...” he muttered.</p>

      <p>Those words made me feel dizzy. I wanted him to be wrong, but my mind wouldn’t let me refute the facts before me.</p>

      <p>Erinyes, King of Fallen Heaven</p>

      <p>Valac, King of the Flies</p>

      <p>Barbatos, King of Devils</p>

      <p>Goliath, the King of Giants</p>

      <p>Zagan, the King of Beasts</p>

      <p>Nine demon lords ruled the planet, and the majority of them were right in front of us.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>