<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1"><div class="main">
      <p>Mel noticed me first when I walked in, and she teasingly said, “Well, if it isn’t the man of the hour.”</p>

      <p>“My lieeege, I’m lonely...”</p>

      <p>In contrast with the grin on Mel’s face, Dia looked sulky.</p>

      <p>“’Scuse me,” I said, sitting near them.</p>

      <p>“I’m glad you’re here!” Johnnie exclaimed. He was the first to speak up once I’d sat down. “Let’s drink together!”</p>

      <p>There was no sign of his usual reserved demeanor. He pressed a drink into my hand, and while we shared some booze, he did his best to convince me to take one of his daughters as a bride. He’d been a great help so far, but I dreaded to think what Anna and Momo would say if I agreed to his proposition, so I just turned him down politely.</p>

      <p>He looked disappointed but didn’t try to press the issue.</p>

      <p>“My lieeege, pay attention to me too...” Dia complained, leaning against me.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, sorry,” I said, stroking her beautiful blue hair. She’d saved me so many times. I probably wouldn’t still be alive if not for her. I couldn’t be sure, but it felt like Dia might have been the one to help me in Highland against the stampeding monsters.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t like I could ask her now, though. Elementals didn’t really have a concept of age. Maybe I’d ask her when I was back in the future.</p>

      <p>Eventually, the drink was too much for Dia and she fell asleep in my lap.</p>

      <p>“It’s unthinkable—treating one of the embodiments of disaster like that...” Mel was looking at us like she’d seen something horrifying. “My eyes didn’t deceive me, then. You were capable of defeating the demon lord.”</p>

      <p>“It wasn’t me that did it,” I countered.</p>

      <p>“I’m impressed you can keep a straight face while saying that. You used <em>divine rank time magic</em>. Bifrons was utterly terrified of you.”</p>

      <p>“He was?”</p>

      <p>My memories of the whole thing were kind of vague. Maybe because I’d had <em>Calm Mind</em> set to 100%.</p>

      <p>We kept talking for a while, and then the reason for my visit finally came up.</p>

      <p>“You came to speak to us, didn’t you?” Johnnie asked, draining the rest of his drink.</p>

      <p>I had a drink as well, but it was a spirit similar to sake, so I couldn’t gulp it all down at once like that. Johnnie sure could hold his booze.</p>

      <p>“Did you?” Mel asked.</p>

      <p>“Well...yeah.”</p>

      <p>“Perhaps you should rest for a while first? You <em>did</em> only just defeat the demon lord.” She sounded a bit exasperated with me, though she was still savoring her drink—something that looked like red wine. Honestly, you could have painted a portrait of her in that pose.</p>

      <p><em>So...where to start?</em></p>

      <p>I’d already told Anna and Momo about going after Iblis. Neither had looked <em>happy</em>, but they’d agreed.</p>

      <p>Johnnie and Mel were the only two I still needed to ask...but I honestly felt bad. They’d just fought a demon lord, and it felt wrong to request that they put themselves in danger again. Of course, I’d gotten the revelation—read: impossible demand to eliminate Iblis—from Althena, so that’s why I was back in the past to begin with.</p>

      <p>“You’re planning on going after the Great Demon Lord next, aren’t you?” Johnnie asked while refilling his drink. “I’ll join you.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>Mel and I both spoke in unison. Mel was the first one to actually <em>respond</em> with words, though.</p>

      <p>“That’s ridiculous! We should gather our forces on the continent first. With the demon lord defeated, the warriors hidden across the regions will gather here. There are other demon lords as well! Iblis should come after that!”</p>

      <p>Her protest made perfect sense. In fact, that’d been my plan before I’d talked to Ira.</p>

      <p>“Momentum is everything in war. In terms of strength, they will win. We need to follow through.” Johnnie finished his refilled drink in another single slug... Was he drinking too much?</p>

      <p>“For the love of— You are far too quick-tempered, Sir Johnnie. Elementalist, you convince him.”</p>

      <p>Mel turned the conversation back to me, clearly expecting me to be against it. I felt kind of bad now.</p>

      <p>“Ira said we should go straight for Iblis,” I told her.</p>

      <p>“What...the...?”</p>

      <p>“Of course the Goddess of Fate understands war,” Johnnie said cheerily.</p>

      <p>Conversely, Mel seemed uneasy.</p>

      <p>“Mel...if you’re against it, then—”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. I will lend you my strength. I promised, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t make me say it again.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you.” I bowed to them both.</p>

      <p>“Mmmh... My liege’s...invincible...” I heard Dia murmur in her sleep.</p>

      <p>I’d have to request that she keep helping out as well. With that conversation over with, I threw back the drink Johnnie had poured me, choking on it slightly.</p>

      <p><em>So I got them all to agree...</em></p>

      <p>And thus, I had everyone on board with the plan to challenge Iblis.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Early Morning of the Next Day ◇</p>

      <p>“So we’re already leaving...” Mel said. Her face looked somewhat weary.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Mel. Ira kept rushing me in my dreams last night. I didn’t get much sleep because of it...and I made sure to let her know how I felt about that.”</p>

      <p>Mel sighed. “You are certainly...free with your responses to the goddess.”</p>

      <p>“So it’s finally time to take the general’s head. My arm is singing for the chance.” Johnnie, for his part, had a fierce smile on his face and his sword at his waist. He was using some very Japanese phrases as well... Had he reincarnated from another world too? No way.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure you don’t want to say goodbye to the townspeople?” I asked. “Won’t they miss you if you just leave without saying anything?” It certainly seemed like he intended to leave on the sly.</p>

      <p>“It doesn’t matter. I’ve left messages. For a long time, my mind has been solely focused on making sure my race doesn’t die out, but the town will survive without me. Once we defeat Iblis, I want to travel the world.”</p>

      <p>“I...see.”</p>

      <p>That followed the stories I’d read of the past—it was how history should be. After the Great Demon Lord’s defeat, Johnnie had traveled the world, leaving children practically everywhere he visited. Knowing that, his words just now made sense—he’d previously refrained from doing what he really wanted in order to give his people a chance to survive.</p>

      <p>His general laissez-faire attitude definitely made it obvious that Rosalie was his descendant.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto...” Momo seemed just as uneasy as ever.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, Momo.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right.”</p>

      <p>I would’ve honestly preferred not to drag her into the fighting, but telling her to stay behind probably wouldn’t work. I’d just have to protect her.</p>

      <p>“W-We’re really going...aren’t we?”</p>

      <p>Anna’s voice shook—Balamung hung at her waist. We’d need her strength to defeat Iblis.</p>

      <p><em>Still...</em></p>

      <p>I looked over the party again.</p>

      <p>The Legendary Holy Dragon.</p>

      <p>The Guardian of Highland since its founding, the Grandsage.</p>

      <p>The Hero of Springrogue, Johnnie.</p>

      <p>And finally, the savior, the Hero of Light, Anna.</p>

      <p><em>The legendary party’s all together...</em></p>

      <p>Of course, I hadn’t expected Abel and Anna to be the same person.</p>

      <p>Was it really okay for me to be part of this?</p>

      <p><em>None of it’ll happen without you!!!</em> Ira’s voice yelled in my head.</p>

      <p>Her voice was beautiful...but I really wished she’d use it more gently.</p>

      <p><em>I’m busy being rushed off my feet for breaking the divine laws!</em></p>

      <p>This time, it wasn’t just her voice—an image of her with dark bags under her eyes floated into my mind. Apparently, she was putting in overtime pretty much 24/7. Working as a goddess was like working for some really shady company... Still, I kinda felt like part of the problem was with <em>how</em> she worked.</p>

      <p><em>Listen up! You’ll definitely win...because if you don’t, I’ll lose my position...</em></p>

      <p>Her voice sounded way too serious.</p>

      <p>I knew it’d be chaos if the townspeople saw us before we left, so we worked quickly to depart before they did. Just as we were getting ready to leave, I heard footsteps.</p>

      <p>“I came to see you all off,” came the gentle voice of Estelle. I’d been all but certain that she was going to come with us, but she’d insisted that she wasn’t adept at combat and that she’d just slow us down.</p>

      <p>“We’ll see you later, Estelle,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Take care. However, before you leave, I wish to pray for your victory.” She put her hands together and bowed her head slightly.</p>

      <p><em>Fate Magic: Blessing of the Goddess</em>.</p>

      <p>Her body was enveloped in light. Then, she stepped up to Anna and took her hand, placing a kiss on its back. The place her lips touched glowed slightly.</p>

      <p>“What was that?” Anna asked.</p>

      <p>The priestess smiled. “It was a spell that grants luck. Ranged attacks like arrows or spells should miss you now.”</p>

      <p>Wow! A buff from a priestess! That sounded great. I waited excitedly as she went to Momo and Johnnie, but then...she ignored me.</p>

      <p>U-Uh?</p>

      <p>“Um, Estelle?”</p>

      <p>She giggled. “You already have anima from my goddess. My measly little spell is unnecessary for you. If anything, it would interfere.”</p>

      <p>Aww, but I wanted my buff...</p>

      <p><em>You already have the best luck you can get!</em> Ira complained.</p>

      <p>Really...? It’d been a real struggle ever since I’d arrived, though.</p>

      <p>“Well, it might not mean much, but I can give you a kiss for victory...” Estelle smiled as she spoke, stepping closer.</p>

      <p>Hm? Why were her hands going behind my head rather than for my hand?</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto! Let’s go!”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the blessing, Estelle!”</p>

      <p>Momo and Anna bodily pulled me by the collar of my shirt.</p>

      <p><em>Guh, my throat!</em></p>

      <p>Estelle just waved placidly. She was teasing them, then.</p>

      <p>“Honestly... Let’s go,” Mel said as she reverted to her dragon form. We all climbed onto her back, and she soared out of the dungeon town, flying into the dark clouds that covered the sky.</p>

      <p>We were finally, <em>finally </em>heading for the fateful final battle with Iblis.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>