<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_1"><div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Momo’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>Teacher Mel’s voice woke me up.</p>

      <p>“Are you...okay?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“I...am...”</p>

      <p>Iblis had knocked me out, and she had woken me back up. Her face was just as pale as mine, though. Johnnie, Anna, and even that terrifying black knight had been overwhelmed by the sight of the Great Demon Lord.</p>

      <p><em>But...</em></p>

      <p>There was one oddity among us.</p>

      <p>“Well, well, <em>RPG Player </em>really is a blessing.”</p>

      <p>Sir Makoto was the only one of us acting normally. Actually...no. Nothing about this was normal. He was <em>enjoying</em> the conversation with Iblis.</p>

      <p><em>Scary...</em></p>

      <p>It was the first time I’d been afraid of him. Until now, I’d just seen him as someone I could rely on. He’d seen us through any adversity we’d faced. But...</p>

      <p>Seeing him talk happily with that <em>thing</em>...</p>

      <p>Was he even human?</p>

      <p>Queen Nevia spoke next. She still had that smile on her face. “So, hero from the future, will you not rule the world alongside the Great One?”</p>

      <p>“Makoto...you can’t...” murmured Anna, whose pallor was still deathly pale.</p>

      <p>“Don’t, Makoto Takatsuki.” That voice had come, strangely, from the very air itself.</p>

      <p>Right, what had Iblis said? He would give Sir Makoto half of the world.</p>

      <p>Sir Makoto looked conflicted.</p>

      <p><em>N-No...</em></p>

      <p>I staggered toward him, but my legs were shaking so much that they couldn’t hold my weight, so I fell over.</p>

      <p>“Now, take my hand,” commanded Iblis.</p>

      <p>“Come, Makoto Takatsuki,” said Queen Nevia. “Join us.”</p>

      <p>Sir Makoto gave no response. He just stared into the empty air.</p>

      <p>H-He couldn’t. He wouldn’t say he’d join them...would he?</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Sir Makoto spoke to the silent black knight.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Cain?”</p>

      <p>“Hm? What?”</p>

      <p>“Iblis made you a promise, right? That he’d get Noah out of the Seafloor Temple.”</p>

      <p>Both Iblis and the queen fell silent.</p>

      <p><em>Uh...Noah is his goddess, right?</em></p>

      <p>“Great Demon Lord Iblis,” said Sir Makoto. “If you free Noah from the Seafloor Temple, then both Cain and I will happily join you.”</p>

      <p>I blurted out a dumbfounded “Huh?” and was unable to say anything else.</p>

      <p>“Makoto?! What are you doing?!” Anna yelled angrily.</p>

      <p>“Are you serious?” Johnnie asked. Even he was shaken by it.</p>

      <p>“Of course I am. That is, assuming he <em>can</em> free Noah. What do you say, Iblis?”</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki, there is no need to be coy,” Queen Nevia said coquettishly. “This is half of the world we are talking about. How could you possibly be dissatisfied with that?”</p>

      <p>“For Noah’s believers, freeing her would be everything,” Sir Makoto countered. “Isn’t that right, Cain?”</p>

      <p>“R-Right... That’s true...”</p>

      <p>Iblis and Queen Nevia exchanged troubled looks. Then, that strange, omnipresent voice spoke again.</p>

      <p>“Now you’re just being unkind.”</p>

      <p>“Goddess...” I heard Teacher Mel mutter reverently.</p>

      <p><em>So that voice belongs to a goddess... </em></p>

      <p>“Those two can’t possibly free Noah,” the goddess continued. “The temple is protected by the divine beast Leviathan.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think it’s possible either,” Cain muttered.</p>

      <p>Sir Makoto cut in, his voice sharp for once. “Hey, it’s one thing if Ira doesn’t think it’s possible, but you’re Noah’s believer! You shouldn’t be giving up!”</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry, I was kidding!”</p>

      <p>Just...how was Sir Makoto able to speak so freely to both a demon lord and a goddess?</p>

      <p>Sir Makoto turned back to the Great Demon Lord. “So?” he pressed.</p>

      <p>Iblis seemed to fumble for words. “Well...”</p>

      <p>This was weird. The Great Demon Lord had been so magnanimous before—he’d even offered half of the world to get Sir Makoto on his side. But now that Sir Makoto had given a counteroffer of rescuing someone from “the Seafloor Temple,” he seemed much more meek. Even the queen at his side looked distinctly concerned. Apparently, rescuing Sir Makoto’s goddess was an even bigger deal than ruling half of the world.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, a voice resounded through the tower. It sent a shiver down my spine.</p>

      <p><b>There is no reasoning with you.</b></p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Instantly, we were engulfed in darkness. I couldn’t see a thing.</p>

      <p><b>Since you are so unwilling to listen... I shall have to take your companions hostage.</b></p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto! Teacher Mel!” I yelled. They’d been right next to me just a second ago!</p>

      <p>The voice chuckled. <b>Your yelling is pointless. This area is isolated. No one can hear you.</b></p>

      <p>It sounded like the voice was speaking directly to me, but it was possible that everyone else was in the same situation. Either way, we’d all been separated in the blink of an eye.</p>

      <p>I...didn’t know what to do.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic (Divine Rank): Cocytus</em>.</p>

      <p>Of course, it was Sir Makoto who saved me from my panic. The dark mist gradually cleared. Teacher Mel, Johnnie, and Anna were all here. It was hard to see the dark knight Cain, but even he seemed to be safe.</p>

      <p>Then there was Sir Makoto. He had a slight smile on his face, and his voice was almost infuriatingly calm</p>

      <p>“Well, Iblis, if you’re going to attack, I’ll answer in kind. Divine rank spells should work, no?”</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto!” I exclaimed, rushing over to him. I clung tightly to his side.</p>

      <p>“Momo, are you okay?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m fine! Should you be using that spell?” From what I’d heard, he could only use it <em>once</em>. So if he was using it to save us...</p>

      <p>A crack resounded in the room.</p>

      <p><b>Well done. You reacted instantly in the best way you could.</b></p>

      <p>Along with the cracking, I heard the sound of something crumbling.</p>

      <p>“The tower...”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know who had pointed it out, but they were right. The tower we were standing in had been turned to ice, and now, it was crumbling. Eventually, it broke apart completely, and the fragments were carried away on the wind, leaving us standing in something like a plaza.</p>

      <p>“Iblis can’t survive outside of the tower,” said Sir Makoto.</p>

      <p>My eyes widened. “So you destroyed it!” Sir Makoto had instantly seen the path to save both us <em>and</em> defeat Iblis.</p>

      <p>A gap in the <em>Clouds of Darkness</em> allowed sunlight to pierce down from the sky.</p>

      <p>I grunted—the sunlight was sapping my strength because I was a vampire. Sir Makoto gently took my weight, supporting me.</p>

      <p><b>Anima truly does unbalance things. The situation has been reversed in a single move.</b></p>

      <p>Iblis’s mass of flesh was undulating in front of us. It didn’t seem as horrifying or overwhelming as when we’d first seen it, though.</p>

      <p>The Great Demon Lord’s body was slowly breaking down.</p>

      <p><em>That’s...such a relief...</em></p>

      <p>My body felt suddenly slack with the release of tension. That sensation, coupled with the sunlight shining on my body, made my consciousness fade once again.</p>

      <p>Before I fully passed out, though, I heard Queen Nevia sigh.</p>

      <p>“The future is inevitable...”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>The tower had fallen apart, and Iblis—being a god from another realm—couldn’t survive outside of it. Apparently.</p>

      <p>Allegedly, a god on the level of Noah or Eir would’ve been fine in the mortal realm, but Iblis wasn’t that powerful. As far as the Great Demon Lord was concerned, the barrier falling ought to be fatal. His body gradually started to lose its form.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, someone stopped that decay in its tracks.</p>

      <p>“Lord Iblis, please, use my body,” urged Queen Nevia. Immediately one of Iblis’s tentacle-like hands wrapped around her. Then, dozens of black arms writhed their way up her beautiful body in an almost obscene spectacle.</p>

      <p>What...the hell?</p>

      <p>“Ngh...hahhh.”</p>

      <p>Hearing those soft moans... Watching her face—so reminiscent of Furiae’s—flush red... It was honestly kinda hot.</p>

      <p>Her black dress was rolled up, showing quite a lot of skin. It put her in a rather compromising position.</p>

      <p>As I stared, Anna spoke coldly from my side. “Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t see anything,” I protested.</p>

      <p>“Liar.”</p>

      <p>Yup, I was one.</p>

      <p>“Stop fooling around and attack!” Ira yelled. “Iblis is becoming one with Nevia!”</p>

      <p>“What?!” Anna and I exclaimed in unison, turning around to look.</p>

      <p>A great wind blasted us with gusts of miasma. That wasn’t all—Queen Nevia and the broken form of Iblis were now surrounded by a black surface. A barrier.</p>

      <p>“<em>Lightning Spellbow: Storm</em>.”</p>

      <p>“<em>Fire Magic: Phoenix</em>.”</p>

      <p>Johnnie and Mel’s spells struck the dark barrier, but it showed no sign of breaking. I signaled to Cain with a look.</p>

      <p>“Dia!” I called. “<em>Water Magic: Yamata no Orochi</em>.”</p>

      <p>Cain sliced at the barrier as my spell struck it. A deluge of water engulfed it, pressing in on the darkness as Cain’s blade slammed into its surface.</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p>“It’s...not working,” Anna said weakly.</p>

      <p>Not even Dia’s magic and Noah’s weapon had broken it. All we had left was...</p>

      <p>I looked at the Hero of Light at my side. She gazed back and then nodded shallowly. The sword in her hand began to glow white.</p>

      <p>However, before she could actually carry out the attack, the barrier vanished.</p>

      <p>“Apologies for the delay.”</p>

      <p>The voice came from the mouth of a much-changed Nevia. Her pale skin had darkened—her long black hair was now glowing with every color of the rainbow. Her golden eyes, capable of charming everything, seemed to gleam all the more. She had already been just as gorgeous as Furiae, but after merging with Iblis, her beauty was almost otherworldly, just like a goddess’s.</p>

      <p>“Nevia...I apologize.”</p>

      <p>“Worry not. All that I am is yours.”</p>

      <p>Strangely, both of their voices were coming from the same mouth.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Ira’s voice resounded in my head.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto Takatsuki, the Great Demon Lord...no, the </em>Scrap<em> has fallen to the mortal realm. Merging with the moon priestess has caused him to lose his divinity. The Hero of Light can defeat him now.</em></p>

      <p>“Anna, can you kill her?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“M-Me...?”</p>

      <p>She’d been overwhelmed by the Witch of Calamity’s presence. After merging with Iblis right in front of us, her presence felt more threatening than even Astaroth’s. Even so, Anna managed to marshal herself and ready her sword.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Nevia was looking dispassionately at us. Huge amounts of mana were radiating from her body—even more than I usually felt from the Undyne.</p>

      <p>“You are far from the Hero of Light in the original timeline,” she said. “Will you be my opponent?”</p>

      <p><em>Hmm...</em></p>

      <p>This was going to be tough. Mel, Johnnie, and I could fight alongside Anna, but since none of us had even put a scratch on that barrier, I figured we might be more hindrance than help. Anna, our strongest fighter, flinched back from the strength Nevia was emanating.</p>

      <p><em>Come on, Makoto Takatsuki. Time for Strategy 77!</em></p>

      <p>Oh yeah. Now that the barrier from the tower was down, I was the only one who could hear Ira.</p>

      <p><em>Forget about that and get on with it!</em></p>

      <p>“Strategy XX” referred to the many tricks Ira had told me about. They were all things I could use to potentially defeat Iblis. And she wanted me to use 77 of all of them...</p>

      <p><em>That’s your only choice now! Pull your finger out!</em></p>

      <p>Fine...</p>

      <p>I got ready.</p>

      <p>Letters floated up in front of me.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Are you really going to do it? Seriously?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Guess not</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>I have to!</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Quit it, <em>RPG Player</em>.</p>

      <p>“Anna,” I said, calling her name gently.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...” She looked back at me uneasily.</p>

      <p>I put my hands on her shoulders...and kissed her.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>