<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Makoto Takatsuki Heads for the Demon Continent</h1>

      <p>We rode atop a black dragon through endless dark clouds. This dragon just so happened to be Mel, who’d disguised herself with <em>Transform.</em> After all, a white dragon would’ve been far too visible. <em>It’s always reassuring to know just how much she’s capable of.</em></p>

      <p>“Elementalist, are you sure we’re going in the right direction?” Mel asked. “It’s quite the detour.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Some of the demon lords’ armies are blocking the other way, and we need to avoid them.”</p>

      <p>Momo tilted her head, looking doubtful. “How can you tell that the demons are there, Sir Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Not even <em>I </em>can see that far with <em>Clairvoyance</em> and my elven sight...” Johnnie muttered.</p>

      <p>“I saw the future,” I told them. “It’s a really useful skill.”</p>

      <p>Their expressions grew pinched. It wasn’t like I was lying, so why were they looking at me like that?</p>

      <p><em>They all think you’re getting more inhuman,</em> Ira told me.</p>

      <p>And how was that my fault?<em> Future Sight</em> kept triggering on its own, without any input from me. I wasn’t the one doing anything weird.</p>

      <p><em>It will take a few days to reach Iblis’s castle. Don’t waste too much anima.</em></p>

      <p>Well, I didn’t want to use the skill, but I couldn’t exactly control when it activated.</p>

      <p><em>A-ny-way! Just don’t use up all your strength, okay?!</em></p>

      <p>Sure thing.</p>

      <p>Ira was getting chatty, just like Noah always was. <em>I wonder how my goddess is doing...</em></p>

      <p>“What are you thinking about?” Anna asked, peering at my face.</p>

      <p>“Uh, someone from my home,” I deflected. It wasn’t like I could talk much about Noah.</p>

      <p>“Ooh, one of those four lovers?” she asked with a pout.</p>

      <p><em>I thought you didn’t believe me about that?</em></p>

      <p>“Not quite,” I replied. “Someone else.”</p>

      <p>“There’s a fifth?!” she and Momo cried in unison.</p>

      <p>“Makoto has another imaginary girlfriend,” Anna whispered to Momo.</p>

      <p>“I wonder what the story is this time. You ask.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?! No way. You do it.”</p>

      <p>“It’ll just be so awkward. I can’t bear it.”</p>

      <p>“Guys, I can hear you.” I interrupted. <em>Listen</em> had helped me eavesdrop once again.</p>

      <p>That topic of conversation soon fizzled out, and we chatted more generally for the remainder of our journey.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Once we landed, Johnnie scouted around for somewhere suitable to camp.</p>

      <p>“Let’s rest here,” he said. He used wood magic to create a table and chairs, and even several simple beds.</p>

      <p><em>Those are some useful spells. He’s really good with them too.</em></p>

      <p>Mel set up a barrier, and the other two started preparing food.</p>

      <p>I looked around for something I could do to help, but...I couldn’t find anything. So, with no tasks to complete, I decided to kill time by training with Dia. I used water magic to conjure all kinds of creatures, making them fly, run around, and even talk. It was really fun.</p>

      <p>“What in the world...? Why would you want to make your spells talk?” Mel asked, looking uncomfortably at them.</p>

      <p>“Well, saint rank spells can talk,” I said somewhat proudly, remembering the spell Lucy’s mom had shown off in Springrogue. That spell had been based on a fire angel. I had finally reached that kind of level—albeit only with water magic.</p>

      <p>“Having a ‘conversation’ with your own spells is for strengthening them and exerting control. I hardly think you need to allow them to speak freely...”</p>

      <p>“I can use those spells as well, but I don’t use them like you,” Johnnie added.</p>

      <p>U-Uh?</p>

      <p><em>Bluntly, the way you use magic is bizarre, you know that, right?</em></p>

      <p>What?! No way! Ira, you’re agreeing with them?! Noah praised me for that!</p>

      <p><em>Noah...why can’t you teach your apostles how to do things efficiently?</em></p>

      <p>My goddess had told me that there weren’t really any rules to magic, so I should just do what I wanted. Were my spells inefficient? Now that I thought about it, had I stopped growing recently? I pulled out my Soul Book to look for proof.</p>

      <p>“Say, Dia.” I showed her my Soul Book. “My water magic mastery hasn’t gone up from 999 at all. Why do you think that is?”</p>

      <p>“Hm...one of <em>their</em> magic tools. I don’t know much about those numbers, but you are certainly getting stronger, my liege.”</p>

      <p>“I am?”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t personally tell, but according to Dia, my water magic <em>was</em> getting better. I wondered when the number would go up...</p>

      <p>A voice suddenly came from behind me, breaking me out of my staring contest with my Soul Book.</p>

      <p>“Makoto♡, dinner will be done soon,” Anna announced. She put her arms over my shoulders and leaned on me. Lately, she’d been a lot more touchy-feely.</p>

      <p>“You’ve been working hard today,” she said. “Take a look at my magic once we’ve eaten.”</p>

      <p>Then, she pulled me toward the food. She’d been tense when the journey had first started, but she seemed to have calmed down a lot now. I was glad for it.</p>

      <p><em>Of course she has. Any girl would be happy to spend time with the guy they have feelings for,</em> said Ira.</p>

      <p>Ahead, the battle with Iblis was waiting for us.</p>

      <p><em>Be good to her,</em> Ira added. <em>It’ll make the </em>Hero of Light <em>skill stronger.</em></p>

      <p>I sighed mentally. Stringing her along for such calculating reasons made the feelings seem so hollow. Still, her <em>Hero of Light</em> skill was the only thing we could use to attack Iblis. Apparently, the skill was strongly linked to its user’s emotions. So because of that, I couldn’t hurt her feelings.</p>

      <p>Throughout the meal, she was smiling as she talked with me. Our dinner consisted of grilled meat from the animals they’d hunted, fruits they’d gathered, and bread we’d brought with us from Labyrinthos. Everything was delicious.</p>

      <p>After dinner, Momo and Anna joined me for training. Mel—having carried us all this way—lay resting off to the side, while Johnnie sipped at the alcohol he’d brought with him.</p>

      <p>Before long, the two girls’ concentration ran out and they took a break. I kept practicing my water magic. Lately, it seemed like I could keep training forever without getting tired—using my water magic no longer caused me any fatigue. As such, I was a little worried about whether my practice even counted as training.</p>

      <p>I cast my eyes around and happened to catch sight of Johnnie peering upward.</p>

      <p>“What are you looking at?” I asked him.</p>

      <p>“Well...these are cherry trees.”</p>

      <p>“They are?”</p>

      <p>That prompted me to look around too. Though they didn’t have any flowers at the moment, the trunks and branches certainly looked like cherry trees. That was odd, though—this was another world, not Earth.</p>

      <p><em>Long ago, someone who was transported to this world spread them, </em>Ira explained. <em>They are by no means rare here.</em></p>

      <p>Huh... I hadn’t spent much time looking at the cherry trees in my old world, but it felt almost nostalgic to see them now. Of course, they had no flowers or leaves, so it also felt a little sad.</p>

      <p>“Well then, let’s take the time to add some flowers,” Johnnie remarked.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>He casually muttered some incantation. Suddenly, the cherry trees grew buds, and those buds unfurled into light pink blossoms. <em>This was just what I wanted to see...</em></p>

      <p>“Woooow...”</p>

      <p>“So pretty...”</p>

      <p>Anna and Momo’s eyes were shining with wonder.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that was wonderful,” I heard Mel say. <em>So his spell was impressive, even to an ancient dragon.</em></p>

      <p>In minutes, the trees were all in full bloom. They’d stick out like a sore thumb, but I figured that Mel’s barrier should keep the monsters from finding us. A gust of wind sent pink blossoms fluttering through the air.</p>

      <p>“Beautiful, no?”</p>

      <p>I nodded. “It’s great—a real blizzard of blossoms.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s have a flower viewing,” Johnnie suggested. “Drink up, Sir Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you.”</p>

      <p>I was supposed to be training, but I still gratefully took the drink. There was an elegance to this whole atmosphere.</p>

      <p>“Do you like these flowers, Teacher?” Momo asked me.</p>

      <p>“I do. They grow near my hometown.”</p>

      <p>I wanted to show them to Sasa. I was sure she’d love them.</p>

      <p>“Then we’ll plant loads of these when we get back to the dungeon town.”</p>

      <p>“Good plan, Momo. I’ll help.”</p>

      <p>Momo and Anna seemed excited about the prospect. I was all for adding more cherry trees to this world. I gazed up at the blossoms. <em>It’s been so long since I’ve seen a sight like this. </em></p>

      <p>With that, the day ended peacefully.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The next two days were spent crossing the continent. Finally, we arrived at the Dark Seas, which was the ocean separating the western and northern continents. Just as we were getting tired of the expanse of water beneath us, we finally spotted some gray land.</p>

      <p>“I see it.”</p>

      <p>“Mel, is that...?”</p>

      <p>“It is—the domain of the demons. It is the place you humans call the northern continent.”</p>

      <p>Conversation lessened significantly after that. Even Johnnie seemed tense.</p>

      <p>The northern continent was also known as the demon continent.</p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it...this is the first time I’ve been here...</em></p>

      <p>In the future, I’d fought against demons and demon lords from the northern continent, but I’d never set foot there. This was our first step onto the continent that was home to Iblis.</p>

      <p>In a word, the continent was “gray.” The ground, the trees, the rivers, and the sky—all of them were desaturated and dark.</p>

      <p>“The land didn’t use to look like this...” Mel said mournfully.</p>

      <p>“It didn’t?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Since that thing calling itself Iblis arrived, the whole continent has been without light.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...”</p>

      <p>So the land looked this way because of Iblis...</p>

      <p>Johnnie suddenly turned and glared into the distance.</p>

      <p>“We’ve been spotted.”</p>

      <p>Anna shivered. “I can feel someone watching us.”</p>

      <p>If Momo’s expression was anything to go by, she seemed to feel the same tension.</p>

      <p>My <em>Scout</em> skill hadn’t even pinged... I looked around with <em>Clairvoyance</em>, but I couldn’t spot anything—not even a single set of eyes staring at us through the gloom.</p>

      <p>I was fretting about it, but then Mel wiped those worries away. “You need not be concerned. We ancient dragons ruled this region for a long time. If you are with me, you will not be attacked by the demons.”</p>

      <p>That was great. “Nice one, Mel.”</p>

      <p>“So, what is our next move, Elementalist? Iblis’s castle, Eden, is a floating construction with no fixed location. Searching for it randomly is going to be no help.”</p>

      <p>“Um...wait a minute.” Rushing around without a plan would just waste our energy.</p>

      <p><em>Iraaaa, can you hear me? I kinda want you to tell me where Iblis’s castle is.</em></p>

      <p>I leaned wholeheartedly into relying on the goddess, but...</p>

      <p><em>Ma... Ta... You...nee...there...</em></p>

      <p>Huh? I could barely understand that. Ira? You there? She said <em>something</em> after that, but I couldn’t make out even a single word.</p>

      <p>“Elementalist, what’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>“It’s harder to hear Ira now that we’re here,” I told Mel.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Momo looked panicked. “That’s awful!”</p>

      <p>I’d expected this, though. The demon continent was Iblis’s domain.</p>

      <p>Ira had warned me about the barrier that spanned across the whole continent—one that blocked out the Sacred Deities. Ira was probably in the middle of tuning the frequency (or something along those lines) to get the connection back.</p>

      <p>“Let’s just land somewhere. There are some things I want to check out.”</p>

      <p>“Very well.”</p>

      <p>With that, Mel landed in a nearby open area. We climbed down from Mel’s back and stepped onto the gray land.</p>

      <p>“So here we are...”</p>

      <p>This was the demon continent—a world of gray as far as the eye could see. It felt like I’d suddenly gone colorblind. But the most important thing was...</p>

      <p>“Dia,” I called.</p>

      <p>“Yes, my liege?”</p>

      <p>“How does the area...feel?”</p>

      <p>This was the potential biggest problem—I needed to know whether my elemental magic skill was affected.</p>

      <p>“It isn’t bad. The elementals seem lively.”</p>

      <p>“I see.” I let out a sigh of relief. Apparently, this wasn’t like the Seafloor Temple with its ridiculous barrier that blocked all elementals. My magic wasn’t going to cause me any issues on the continent.</p>

      <p><em>Time to see about the others.</em></p>

      <p>“The wind, ground, and fire elementals all seem fine too,” Johnnie proclaimed as he flipped his long hair out of the way.</p>

      <p>He could use four types of elementals. I was jealous.</p>

      <p>“I feel even stronger than normal!” Momo exclaimed.</p>

      <p>Well, she was a half-vampire, so I could see how this place would suit her. Mel used to live here, so she wouldn’t have any problems either. That only left...</p>

      <p>“I don’t particularly like it here.”</p>

      <p>Right. Of course Anna wouldn’t cope well with this place. Her face was pallid.</p>

      <p>“Let’s make camp nearby and rest,” I suggested. “We should get used to this environment before we do anything else.” Anna needed to be at full power since she was our main combatant.</p>

      <p>“So, where to camp...” Johnnie looked around the area with a seasoned eye.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, we heard a yell in the distance.</p>

      <p>“Lady Helemmelk!”</p>

      <p>We all frantically looked around for its source. Then, we saw...</p>

      <p><em>A ghost?</em></p>

      <p>It was a completely translucent boy.</p>

      <p>We’d all tensed for a fight, but judging from the boy’s expression, we didn’t need to worry.</p>

      <p>“Have I...met you before?” Mel asked.</p>

      <p>The ghost boy deflated a little, looking sad.</p>

      <p>“Hah... Well, it has been about two hundred years. You saved my sister and me back when I was alive. My family were cambions, so we had nowhere to live—we also had no one there to help us fend off monster attacks. Except you, Lady Helemmelk! You helped us! I haven’t forgotten the debt I owe you!”</p>

      <p>“I-I see...” she replied awkwardly. Apparently, she didn’t remember at all.</p>

      <p>“Would you stay in my village? Since the Great One began to rule the world, this continent has been at peace. Even weak ghosts like us can exist in safety. We’ll be glad to welcome you.”</p>

      <p>“My...”</p>

      <p>Mel cast a look my way—her eyes were asking what I wanted to do.</p>

      <p>Then, an <em>RPG Player </em>screen appeared in the air.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you stay in the village?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Hmm, what to do...?</em></p>

      <p>There was a definite possibility that this was a trap. After all, it was a village of demons. Ghosts were known to be weak, but a large number of them could still be dangerous. Even so...</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Mel.”</p>

      <p>“If you say so.” She turned back to the ghost. “We will join you.”</p>

      <p>Johnnie, Anna, and Momo looked unsure, but they all ended up agreeing with me. If it came to it, we could all just climb on Mel’s back and fly away.</p>

      <p>“So those are your companions,” the boy said. “This way.”</p>

      <p>He turned and began guiding us deeper into the gloomy forest.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“We’re there, Lady Helemmelk.”</p>

      <p>The village was surrounded by a simple fence. I’d been expecting a settlement of ghosts, but all sorts of races were living here—orcs, goblins, skeletons, and other monsters. They all had rather odd features.</p>

      <p>“These are noncombatants,” Johnnie murmured.</p>

      <p>I nodded in agreement. They were all either young, old, or women. None of them looked overly strong, so this probably wasn’t a trap.</p>

      <p>Just as I was heading out for a walk around the village...</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto,” Anna stuttered, grabbing my sleeve.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“‘What’s wrong...?’ This is a village of demons!” she whisper-yelled at me. “We need to be careful!”</p>

      <p>Momo looked uneasily at me as well. They seemed to be the only two nervous about us being here. Mel was talking to a demon who looked to be the village chief. The villagers looked at Mel with terrified expressions, which just showed how exceptional they all thought ancient dragons were. Johnnie had already decided that the village was safe—he’d wandered off somewhere.</p>

      <p>This was my first time on the demon continent, so I wanted to explore. After all, this was a whole new continent—how could I not be excited?!</p>

      <p><em>To!!! G...t!!!</em> came a burst of noise in my mind. It was probably Ira, but her voice wasn’t clear. Apparently, she hadn’t managed to find the right channel yet. Keep at it, Ira!</p>

      <p><em>Why...y—!!! ...ought!!!</em></p>

      <p>I had a feeling that she might’ve been angry with me, but oh well. I couldn’t hear her. And if I had understood what she was saying, what could I have done?</p>

      <p>“Anna, Momo, if we stay tense, we’ll just exhaust ourselves. You should relax your bodies and minds.”</p>

      <p>Anna let out a sigh. “You are far too carefree.”</p>

      <p>“What are your nerves even made of?” Momo asked.</p>

      <p>I was trying to be as careful as possible, but they were looking at me in exasperation. <em>That hurts, guys.</em></p>

      <p>Slowly, I made my way around the village. Since we were with Mel, the villagers seemed to welcome us. Ancient dragons were really respected here. I looked for food, weapons, armor, and other things, but they didn’t have any shops that catered to outsiders. This was a poor village, and the people here had been relegated to a subsistence lifestyle.</p>

      <p>The only real thing I could do was gather information, so I chatted with some of the younger demons. This <em>was</em> just a little village tucked away in a corner of the continent—I doubted that there would be any consequences if I just asked some questions.</p>

      <p>I inquired about anything that had happened recently, but since they didn’t have much contact with other settlements, all I heard about were countless identical days.</p>

      <p>The only uncomfortable aspect of these conversations came when the demons would attribute their peace to Iblis. Apparently, before he’d appeared, there had been conflict between the strong demons and the demon lords. Weaker beings had suffered on this continent. Then, around a hundred years ago, Iblis had appeared and unified the demon lords, seizing control of the world. His reign was a peaceful one for demons.</p>

      <p>I glanced to my side and saw Anna and Momo both looking awkward. After all, we were here to defeat their symbol of peace. As far as these demons were concerned, we were embodiments of pure evil, here to plunge the world into chaos. The two of them were earnest to their core, so this fact was bothering them.</p>

      <p>I had another problem on my mind, though.</p>

      <p>During all my conversations with the villagers, I’d sensed that something was <em>off</em>. It was a faint feeling, so I didn’t notice at first. Eventually, when I got to examine the villagers closer I realized what the problem was.</p>

      <p>They were charmed.</p>

      <p>I could only detect this thanks to the <em>Charm</em> skill I’d been granted as Furiae’s guardian knight.</p>

      <p>In my old world, <em>Charm</em> would’ve been considered a form of brainwashing. As such, these charmed people weren’t necessarily telling us the <em>truth</em>—I doubted that the village was really peaceful.</p>

      <p>I’d wanted to stay for a night, but now, I knew it’d be dangerous to rest here. The villagers were just like the citizens of Laphroaig.</p>

      <p>Speaking of Laphroaig, I wondered what their queen was doing. I found it hard to believe that she’d charmed the people living in this backwater village. Still, <em>Charm</em> was practically her signature spell—was there some kind of link? I’d need to ask Mel about it later.</p>

      <p><em>Either way, we shouldn’t stay long,</em> I decided. I wanted to get us out of here. However, before we left, I wanted to ask one last question.</p>

      <p>“By the way, I noticed that there aren’t many young men in the village, but that there are a lot of children and the elderly. Is there some kind of reason for that?”</p>

      <p>Because of how poor the village was, I expected there to be some kind of arrangement—perhaps the young men were working away from home and sending money back.</p>

      <p>“There is,” replied one of the demons. “It’s an awful reason. Apparently, some hero defeated Demon Lord Bifrons...”</p>

      <p><em>Whoops, that answer hits a bit close...</em> A bead of sweat ran down my cheek. News of Bifrons’s death had spread all the way out here, to some little village in the middle of nowhere? I needed to make sure they didn’t realize Anna was a hero.</p>

      <p>The next words out of the demon’s mouth only exacerbated those worries.</p>

      <p>“Demon warriors from across the continent have been summoned by the Dragon Lord. They are going to take a million men and root out the humans responsible.”</p>

      <p>“What?!” Anna and Momo yelped in unison.</p>

      <p>As they stiffened in shock, part of the picture book passed through my mind.</p>

      <p><em>An army a million soldiers strong invaded from the demon continent, and the savior defeated them. The location of that victory became Symphonia, the capital of Highland.</em></p>

      <p>This was a popular segment of the legend, even considering how well-known the legend was as a whole.</p>

      <p><em>It’s one thing after another...</em></p>

      <p>I wanted to just rest my head in my hands, but we couldn’t laze around. The next stage of history had already begun.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>We had left the village and were on Mel’s back. I’d just told Johnnie about the invading army.</p>

      <p>“A million of the demon lords’ troops are marching on our continent?” Johnnie asked in shock.</p>

      <p>“Where are we going?” Anna asked.</p>

      <p>Momo looked terrified. “What do we do now?!”</p>

      <p>They were both tugging at my clothes. Of course, I didn’t have a concrete plan yet. An army of a million soldiers was not something you could leave alone, so we’d rushed out of the village as soon as possible.</p>

      <p>I wanted to get Ira’s advice, but I still couldn’t hear her. <em>What should we do?</em></p>

      <p>Mel’s voice pulled me out of my confusion. “Elementalist, if they are gathering so many fighters, they’ll likely be in Zagan’s domain.”</p>

      <p>“How do you know?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“There are only so many locations suitable for gathering such forces. The ancient dragons rule the continent, but they live at high altitudes. Those places are not convenient for amassing a large army.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>Mel was familiar with the geography, so she was almost certainly right.</p>

      <p>“Are we going there, Sir Makoto?” Johnnie asked.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Anna cried. “Johnnie, what are you thinking?!”</p>

      <p>Momo just shook her head. “S-Sir Makoto, shouldn’t we go back to Labyrinthos and get everyone to evacuate?”</p>

      <p>“There is nowhere left for them to go,” Johnnie replied calmly. “Labyrinthos is the safest place for them.”</p>

      <p>Momo whimpered.</p>

      <p>Labyrinthos was like a natural fort—the people staying there would be the safest.</p>

      <p>However, we certainly weren’t out of the woods just yet. Our party consisted of a mere five people, and we were just wandering around the demon continent, where a million-strong army was forming. If we were found, we’d be crushed in moments.</p>

      <p>“Mel, can we recon the place from a distance?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“We can...but are you sure?”</p>

      <p>Even Mel seemed hesitant. Still, we had to do <em>something</em> about this.</p>

      <p>And so, we headed for the gathering of the armies.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Wh-What is that...?”</p>

      <p>“We can’t do anything...”</p>

      <p>“There are so many...”</p>

      <p>Anna and Momo’s voices were shaking.</p>

      <p>Scouting was one of the basics of war according to Johnnie, but even he seemed disheartened by what he saw.</p>

      <p>Zagan’s territory consisted of wide open plains. We had climbed a small mountain range adjacent to these plains, and we were looking down upon them.</p>

      <p>As far as our eyes could see, the ground was covered by the army.</p>

      <p>The stampede I’d once seen, as well as Zagan’s own forces, paled in comparison. The sheer scope was too much for a human to really understand—I could feel my brain refusing to accept it as reality.</p>

      <p>It was...for lack of a better word...hopeless.</p>

      <p>“This is bad... They have combined their forces, Elementalist,” Mel fretted.</p>

      <p>She was, of course, in her human form again.</p>

      <p>“Combined?” I asked.</p>

      <p>At a glance, there were all sorts of demons and monsters in the area. The same could have been said of Bifrons’s forces though, so what was so bad about this? I asked Mel to explain.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>