<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Makoto Takatsuki Challenges a Demon Lord</h1>

      <p>A whole year had passed at the Temple of the Sun, and now, we were back in Labyrinthos.</p>

      <p>“Johnnie, there are so many more people!” I couldn’t help but exclaim.</p>

      <p>He gave a satisfied nod. “Indeed. The ancient dragon presence keeps the city safe. Many people in the area heard the rumors and have sought refuge here.”</p>

      <p>I gazed out upon the dungeon town, which now took up the entirety of the lake’s shore. It was now even bigger than Macallan.</p>

      <p>When Julietta saw us, she rushed over energetically. “Momo! It’s been so long! Are you doing well? You’re so big now!”</p>

      <p>“It’s good to see you again!” Momo smiled but paused a bit awkwardly. “Um, I can’t grow anymore, though.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right.” Julietta chuckled. “You’re a vampire.”</p>

      <p>Volf had also strolled over, and his eyes caught on a rather conspicuous member of our group. “So...” he said hesitantly. “Are you really Abel?”</p>

      <p>“I’m Anna, not Abel!”</p>

      <p>“G-Got it. I heard from Olga that there was something special about you...but I never imagined that you were a woman...”</p>

      <p>“Just so you know, I’m even better with a sword now, regardless of what my body looks like!”</p>

      <p>Volf grinned. “Oh-hoh! Then how about a proper spar?”</p>

      <p>“Sounds good!”</p>

      <p><em>Glad to see those two having a warrior’s reunion. Everyone else seems so happy to see each other again.</em></p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Mel and the other ancient dragons were chatting in their human forms.</p>

      <p>“Mother! You have returned!” exclaimed one of the ancient dragons.</p>

      <p>“I have,” Mel said. “Are you in good health?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed! There have been no changes to our dwelling! You’ll be returning to the deepest layer now, right?”</p>

      <p>“Hm? Well, the elementalist has plans to fight the demon lord, so I am going to join—”</p>

      <p>The other dragons cut her off with adamant protests.</p>

      <p>“Foolishness! What’ll happen if the dragon king hears of this?!”</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>“Please reconsider, mother!”</p>

      <p>“Exactly! You have already discharged your debt!”</p>

      <p>“Please come back! There is no need for us to involve ourselves with surface struggles!”</p>

      <p>“Mother!”</p>

      <p>Mel frowned. “Hmm...”</p>

      <p><em>Yikes—that’s a lot of complaints for her to deal with. And I’m probably the person causing them. </em></p>

      <p>Mel had helped us a lot over the past year, but her absence had apparently worried her family. Future legends stated that the holy dragon had aided Abel until Iblis had been slain, but the past was now different than it once was. Considering all the pleading dragons before me, Mel could very well choose to return to the dungeon’s depths. How much could I involve her in the fight? It was a real concern.</p>

      <p>I looked around the completely altered dungeon once again. The lake was lined with stalls and stands both big and small. Children were running around, all with smiles on their faces. <em>Are we really inside a dungeon right now? </em>This didn’t feel like the same place where Lucy and I had nearly died to a swarm of monsters. Was this development going to change the future?</p>

      <p>“Of course it will, you idiot.”</p>

      <p>“Hwah?!”</p>

      <p>I whipped around in shock. Standing behind me was a beautiful girl. A familiar one. She wore bright, colorful clothes.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Why are you here?” I stammered.</p>

      <p>“I’ve been waiting for you, Makoto Takatsuki,” Estelle said imperiously, hands on her hips.</p>

      <p><em>Ira’s definitely in the driver’s seat.</em></p>

      <p>“Ah, Lady Estelle <em>did</em> want to discuss something with you,” Johnnie remarked. “Sir Makoto, when you are ready to depart for battle, come and speak to me. I will be prepared.”</p>

      <p>With those parting words, he turned to leave. He didn’t smile, just smoothly strolled away. His long, tied-back hair swayed behind him. <em>The hakama-like pants... The long katana at his waist...</em> He was the spitting image of a samurai. It was almost...artistic.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Johnnie,” I called out to his back.</p>

      <p>He turned his head slightly and offered a small smile.</p>

      <p><em>So cool...</em></p>

      <p>Then, there was a huff from next to me.</p>

      <p>“You have some nerve to ignore me.”</p>

      <p>“My apologies, Est—Ira. Why are you here, by the way?”</p>

      <p>“Because I need to talk to you, of course. Follow me.”</p>

      <p>She grabbed my arm and yanked, dragging me off to a more private location.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>That “private location” ended up being a cave behind a huge waterfall. There was no one around besides Ira and me, and the only ambient noise was the pleasant crashing of falling water. It was the perfect spot for a private conversation.</p>

      <p><em>Also, this place makes me remember meeting Sasa again. Feels like so long ago...</em></p>

      <p>“Why are you getting lost in sentiment?” Ira demanded, flicking me on the forehead.</p>

      <p>I fell to one knee in front of her. “Apologies, Goddess.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph. I was concerned, so I came to see how things were! Be grateful. You changed the history of Labyrinthos so much—I’ll have to fix it later. It’s a real pain!”</p>

      <p>“So I <em>did</em> change things...” Well, I’d never heard of a huge town in the middle of Labyrinthos. Were Sasa’s lamiae ancestors going to be okay?</p>

      <p>“That isn’t any of your concern, Makoto Takatsuki. What are your plans to fight the demon lord?” Her sharp eyes pierced me. “Can you win?”</p>

      <p>I chuckled. “Leave it to me. We’re more than ready.” After all, we hadn’t spent the last year playing around.</p>

      <p>For some reason, Ira shot a lidded gaze my way. “I wonder about that...considering how many times you tried to get into the Seafloor Temple. What did you think would happen if you died?! You didn’t even <em>accomplish</em> anything!”</p>

      <p>“Well, my attempts at the temple might not have gone well, but they were worth doing. I did manage to come to an agreement with <em>him</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Well...you’re right. Impressive.” Her expression was a mix of exasperation and amusement. “But enough of that. Tell me your strategy for defeating Demon Lord Bifrons. I’ll check it over.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, sure. First, I’ll go ahead of the group and get things ready—”</p>

      <p>A voice suddenly interrupted us.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me!”</p>

      <p>Someone else had ventured behind the waterfall.</p>

      <p>“Mel?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, Mellie.”</p>

      <p>The person was indeed Mel, whose eyes were now wide in shock. <em>She must have finished talking with the others.</em></p>

      <p>“I felt divine mana, so I came to listen, despite the disrespect...” Mel said meekly. “Are you...the goddess Ira?”</p>

      <p>Ira and I exchanged glances.</p>

      <p>“Um, well if you could—” Ira said.</p>

      <p>“I won’t breathe a word of it!” Mel exclaimed. “To be able to meet you again is...” Mel rarely seemed flustered by anything, but she was clearly overwhelmed right now.</p>

      <p><em>Oh yeah—she said that Ira helped her in the past, didn’t she? </em>I vaguely remembered her mentioning that. As I dug up that memory, Mel turned my way. Her eyes were brimming with tears.</p>

      <p>“So you’re <em>Ira’s</em> apostle.”</p>

      <p>We stared at each other, sharing a moment of confusion.</p>

      <p><em>Nope... I’m Noah’s.</em></p>

      <p>“Well, you’re acting so <em>familiar </em>with the goddess. It all makes sense now. I will convince my family that I am following the guidance of Ira’s apostle. My apologies for interrupting your conversation. Please, continue.”</p>

      <p>With that abrupt promise, Mel turned and left.</p>

      <p>Ira and I just looked wordlessly at each other.</p>

      <p>“So, will you become my believer now?”</p>

      <p>“Not a chance,” I said flatly. “Besides, you should have others, right?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t. Not <em>that</em> kind of believer anyway. Althena forbade the use of the <em>full</em> believer system.”</p>

      <p>“Forbade it?”</p>

      <p>That was the first time I’d heard that. There were certainly heroes and priestesses, but now that I thought about it, none identified as<em> believers</em> or <em>apostles</em> in the same way I did. Cain was the only one I’d met.</p>

      <p>“Heroes and priestesses can hear their goddess’s voices, but a believer can <em>see</em> the divine,” Ira explained. “Yet when a mortal gazes upon a god, it usually causes at least some mental disturbance...”</p>

      <p>“Mental disturbance?”</p>

      <p>“Corruption. Put simply, mental instability.”</p>

      <p>“I’m fine, though.”</p>

      <p>“That’s because you’re weird.”</p>

      <p>“Rude.”</p>

      <p>Ira huffed. “<em>You’re</em> calling <em>me </em>rude? Mellie said it earlier, didn’t she? You’re too familiar with us goddesses. Why’re you looking down on us? C’mon, on your knees!”</p>

      <p>Ira pushed down on my head. She might’ve been small and relatively weak, but my stats were even lower, so I lost easily.</p>

      <p>“No way!” I protested. “There’s only one goddess I’ll kneel like that for!”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Guess I’ll <em>make</em> you submit, then.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not funny!”</p>

      <p>Ira giggled. “That just used up the last of my kindness! Lick my feet!”</p>

      <p><em>She’s a sadist! A sadist goddess!</em></p>

      <p>“No way! I’ll only lick <em>her</em> feet!”</p>

      <p>“What are you, a pervert? Also, you’re so weak.”</p>

      <p>“Stop it!” I shouted.</p>

      <p>Resistance was futile—Ira was soon on top of me. <em>Seriously, I </em>am<em> weak...</em></p>

      <p>“Caught you. Now, submit,” Ira insisted, pinning me.</p>

      <p>“Guh, just kill me!”</p>

      <p>She giggled again. “So you’ve resigned yourself to your fate, Mako—”</p>

      <p>That was when our messing around was abruptly cut off.</p>

      <p>“Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto... What are you doing?”</p>

      <p>Only Ira and I should have been here...but Anna and Momo’s voices interrupted us.</p>

      <p>Silence—barring the crash of the waterfall—reigned.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’ve got the wrong idea—”</p>

      <p>“It’s not—”</p>

      <p>Both Ira and I tried to explain, but we were cut off once again.</p>

      <p>“You idiiiooot!”</p>

      <p>“Moron!”</p>

      <p>Both of them rushed away. Ira and I were left gaping.</p>

      <p>“You’re the center of their party!” Ira exclaimed. “This is bad, isn’t it?!”</p>

      <p>“You tell me! I thought you could see the future!”</p>

      <p>“Everyone makes mistakes!”</p>

      <p>“Ira, you’re supposed to be a goddess!”</p>

      <p>The two of us spent a while trying to assign blame. We never did come to an agreement, but we ended up following after the other two and eventually managed to explain the situation. <em>I think.</em></p>

      <p>And thus, our preparations for the battle with Demon Lord Bifrons proceeded...steadily?</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Momo’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Um, Sir Makoto, are you sure it should be just the two of us?”</p>

      <p>We were approaching Bifrons’s castle. Alone. Teacher Mel, Anna, Julietta, and the other warriors would be following us later. Still, I was worried about infiltrating with just two people. After all, the enemy waiting for us was the demon lord who ruled the entire continent.</p>

      <p>“We got some good rest in Labyrinthos and the weather’s great,” he replied. “There’s no real need to worry, is there?”</p>

      <p>Sir Makoto—the core of this plan—was almost disgustingly cheery. <em>I love him, but...can’t we do something about the weird way he views the world?</em></p>

      <p>“How’s this <em>good</em> weather?” I asked incredulously. “It’s pouring rain.” The static pitter-patter of raindrops was annoying, and the storm limited visibility. I couldn’t understand how this could possibly be “pleasant.”</p>

      <p>Just then, Dia the Undyne appeared in the air next to Sir Makoto. “Little one, <em>I’m</em> making it rain.”</p>

      <p>“I know that, Dia.”</p>

      <p>She had an attitude...but also the strength to back it up. Even Teacher Mel had admitted that she couldn’t hold a candle to the Undyne’s power. I was even less in comparison, but I didn’t like the way Dia monopolized the space around Sir Makoto.</p>

      <p>“Why did you make it rain?” I asked him, putting my arm through his. Dia did the same on his other side.</p>

      <p>“I’ll explain when we get there. Essentially, it’s part of the plan.”</p>

      <p>He sounded like he was having fun...even though we were about to fight a demon lord. His attitude and mannerisms were shockingly normal.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I got that,” I grumbled. “But I still don’t understand why I can’t help fight the demon lord!” I’d trained like crazy but he still wasn’t allowing me to help. <em>Not fair.</em></p>

      <p>“There’s not much we can do about it. According to Ira, you could get bound again if you get near Bifrons.”</p>

      <p>“But...that doesn’t mean...”</p>

      <p>“Abel, Mel, and I wouldn’t hurt you if you turned against us. <em>I</em> definitely couldn’t. So, to avoid that outcome, I want you in a supporting role. If anybody becomes too injured to fight, I want you to teleport them away from the battle.”</p>

      <p>I griped some more but finally agreed, albeit reluctantly. <em>I can’t say no when he puts it like that.</em></p>

      <p>“Hmph, I’ll take care of my liege, so we won’t need you,” Dia insisted.</p>

      <p>“What was that?!” I exclaimed. “Sounds like big talk coming from someone who was <em>useless</em> in the Seafloor Temple!”</p>

      <p>“Y-You don’t know! You weren’t even there! Anywhere else, I’m incredible!”</p>

      <p>“Hmph! But I know that’s where Sir Makoto most wants to go!”</p>

      <p>“Sh-Shut up. You’re just a little girl!”</p>

      <p>“Wha?! And <em>your</em> body’s made out of water, so you can’t do anything!”</p>

      <p>Dia giggled smugly. “If I <em>Synchro</em> with my liege, there’s <em>all sorts</em> we can do...”</p>

      <p>“I-If I wanted, I could—”</p>

      <p>“All right, enough,” Makoto said, covering my mouth. “Monsters have shown up.”</p>

      <p>My eyes frantically darted around, looking for them. There—in front of us was a massive undead ogre. Well, not anymore. It was now just an icy sculpture of an ogre. Sir Makoto must have frozen it.</p>

      <p>“Keep the noise down,” he scolded.</p>

      <p>Dia and I chorused our quiet agreement. I shot another glance at the frozen statue. Thanks to all my training with Teacher Mel, I was now sure of something: Sir Makoto could cast his magic very quickly. Too quickly. And on top of that...</p>

      <p>I glanced around. The downpour was constant, but despite that, not a mote of rain touched us. Droplets seemed to skitter away from our bodies like living creatures. The same was true on the ground—despite all the mud being churned up by the rain, the dirt beneath our feet was firm and easy to walk on. Actually, it almost felt like the water was pushing us along. <em>What a strange situation.</em></p>

      <p>This phenomenon was no mystery, though—Sir Makoto was using water magic to control both the rain and the standing water. That was why none of us were wet and why we could just stride over the sodden ground. Not one splash of water touched my skin, nor one irregular raindrop. The rain itself was something his magic had created, and the downpour spread as far as I could see. How large of an area could he affect with his magic? <em>Who knows?</em> I didn’t understand how he was capable of it. However, I had come to a singular realization—I’d probably never be able to do the same thing.</p>

      <p>Sir Makoto glanced down at me, looking worried. “Momo, what’s up?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing. What’s this spell called, by the way? The one making it rain?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, it doesn’t really have a name. I’m just making water fall from the sky. You could do it too.”</p>

      <p>“Not over such a large area! You’re keeping us dry too! It must be so complicated.”</p>

      <p>“If you imagine the rain ‘not hitting’ us, the drops will do just that, right?”</p>

      <p><em>Not happening...</em> I didn’t understand at all. His way of thinking completely circumvented the fundamentals of magic that Teacher Mel had taught me.</p>

      <p><em>You just think something...and it happens? </em>Was that a spell a<em> human</em> could use? Wasn’t that more like one of the gods’ miracles?</p>

      <p>I stared at his back. It wasn’t broad by any means, but it was the most reassuring sight I could think of.</p>

      <p><em>I need to keep up with him. I won’t be left behind.</em></p>

      <p>But I couldn’t comprehend the way his mind worked. Not yet. I’d have to do my best to understand.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Anna’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>We left Labyrinthos three days after Makoto and Momo. The mist was thick, and it was hard to see where we were going, but we slowly pushed through. Johnnie, the leader of the dungeon town, forged the path ahead, and we followed.</p>

      <p>Volf, Julietta, Deckel, and the other dungeon town warriors were with us, along with Lady Helemmelk and her family. Our forces numbered close to a thousand—it was by far the largest formation I’d ever seen. Never before had such a formidable fighting force been assembled on the side of humanity. Usually, we were hiding from the demons, moving in secret with a scant few people at a time. But things were different now. We’d regrouped enough to challenge the demon lord. All of us were in top condition, ready to fight.</p>

      <p><em>Teacher...we’ll manage it this time,</em> I thought with quiet certainty.</p>

      <p>“This mist is dense,” Lady Helemmelk remarked. “We don’t need to worry about the demons spotting us.”</p>

      <p>“The water elementals are overjoyed. Sir Makoto’s elemental magic is always a sight to behold,” said Johnnie.</p>

      <p>Mel nodded. “I had worried over how we could move so many troops to the castle without being detected. Yet...to create enough mist to completely cover the Great Forest...”</p>

      <p>“It’s a good technique. Though I must admit, only <em>he</em> could manipulate the weather so freely.”</p>

      <p>“He is the only elementalist capable of altering the weather on this scale.”</p>

      <p>“We elves have a lot of elementalists...but Sir Makoto is on another level.”</p>

      <p>Mel and Johnnie were both praising the spellcraft, but...</p>

      <p>“Aren’t you worried about them?” I asked. “Makoto and Momo are heading to the castle alone.”</p>

      <p>I’d desperately sought to go with them, but Makoto hadn’t wanted that. He’d said that my role was to defeat the demon lord, so I should come with everyone else. He’d then told Lady Helemmelk and Johnnie to try and avoid any fighting on the way. Usually, he didn’t say things so directly, so I was rather taken aback at the oddly blunt (for him) instructions. Why had he been so harsh?</p>

      <p><em>Maybe he’s worried? No. He and Momo were the ones we should be worried about. </em>The monsters near the castle were strong, and I couldn’t help but imagine the worst.</p>

      <p>“Worried? About the elementalist?” Mel asked. “It would be a waste of time.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” said Johnnie. “You can tell by the overall temperament of the elementals. They’re relaxed—he’s practically out on a stroll.”</p>

      <p>Neither of them seemed the least bit concerned. They emphasized that we should focus more on ourselves.</p>

      <p>I groaned internally. <em>Really wish I’d gone with those two...</em></p>

      <p>After several days of travel, we spotted it—a huge black fortress looming in the distance.</p>

      <p><em>Demon Lord Bifrons’s castle</em>.</p>

      <p>Our previous attempt at infiltrating the castle had ended in failure. After they killed our party leader, we felt overwhelmed, and the demon lord had captured us. Then, just before our planned execution, Makoto had saved our lives.</p>

      <p>This time, though...</p>

      <p>I breathed in quietly. My nerves were definitely showing on my face. Up ahead, some of our troop members were talking, and I caught snippets of the conversation.</p>

      <p>“Wha! What the—?”</p>

      <p>“Quiet down, Julietta.”</p>

      <p>“Hoh. That must be the elementalist’s doing. So <em>this</em> is his strategy.”</p>

      <p>“Well, it <em>is</em> a fundamental way of sieging a castle... A rather bold move, though.”</p>

      <p><em>What had happened?</em> I walked over to them and squinted toward the castle.</p>

      <p>“I...”</p>

      <p>That half-witted word was all I could manage. <em>N-No way. Makoto...?</em></p>

      <p>The demon lord’s castle...was submerged in a huge lake. All I could do was stare dazedly at the sight.</p>

      <p><em>What the...?</em></p>

      <p>The castle was not built in a valley or basin. In fact, it was situated on flat, wide-open plains. How, then, had the castle and its town been covered in water?</p>

      <p>Suddenly, we heard a quiet noise, and a girl appeared out of thin air. “Oh, you’re all here!” the girl said brightly.</p>

      <p>It was Momo. Apparently, she’d well and truly mastered teleporting.</p>

      <p>“D-Did Makoto do this?” Julietta stuttered.</p>

      <p>“It’s rather intriguing,” said Lady Helemmelk. “I assume the elementalist is responsible?”</p>

      <p>Momo broke into a smile. “It’s amazing, isn’t it?! He made this river overflow, and it flooded the castle! The demons in the town have had to evacuate, and most of the army is busy repairing the river’s burst banks.”</p>

      <p>We were all struck dumb by her statement. She and Makoto—a mere two people—had caused enough havoc to splinter the demon lord’s army.</p>

      <p>“An attacker with command over water is certainly a powerful ally,” said Johnnie. “I have to admit, I was concerned over its efficacy on the undead, but...I can understand the benefits of splitting our enemy’s forces.”</p>

      <p>Out of everyone, Johnnie was the only person still calmly analyzing the situation. He was both an accomplished mage and a sword fighter, and he understood Makoto’s strategy. <em>Actually,</em> <em>Johnnie’s kind of a strange person too, isn’t he?</em></p>

      <p>Volf nodded. “In that case...” He didn’t need to continue—the undercurrent of excitement in his voice spoke for itself.</p>

      <p>I felt the same. This time... This time would be different.</p>

      <p>“Wait!” Julietta called out. “Before, when we got close to the castle, Demon Lord Cain attacked us. We can’t let our guard down.”</p>

      <p>I jolted at that. She was right—Demon Lord Cain had been our downfall. The hero-killing demon lord in black armor seemed to appear almost at random, so it was entirely possible that he could show up here.</p>

      <p>“You don’t need to worry about that.”</p>

      <p>Those words immediately drew everyone’s attention.</p>

      <p>“Lady Estelle?”</p>

      <p>She had accompanied us from Labyrinthos. Lady Helemmelk had been against it since this battle would be dangerous, but Lady Estelle had insisted that she would be fine.</p>

      <p>“Demon Lord Cain will not be present,” she said crisply.</p>

      <p><em>Huh. I suppose she must have seen the future.</em></p>

      <p>“Additionally, Setekh—the demon lord’s aide who possesses the <em>Eyes of Petrification</em>—will also be absent. Of course, there are other strong demons among Bifrons’s subordinates, but not having to deal with those two ought to be a significant boon.”</p>

      <p>Everyone let loose a cheer. Could things really be going this well?</p>

      <p>Beside me, Mel and the priestess Estelle were having a whispered conversation.</p>

      <p>“Um...” Mel murmured. “Are you certain? Can you be utterly assured of such things?”</p>

      <p>Lady Estelle balked at her words. “Wh-What are you trying to say, Mellie? Are you doubting me?!”</p>

      <p>“N-No! Not at all, just... One of the core tenets of<em> Fate Magic</em> is that it lacks one hundred percent certainty, yes? I believe Goddess Ira herself once told me that.”</p>

      <p>The Priestess of Fate, Estelle, was another strange person. We’d first met her in the capital of Laphroaig, and for a second time when she’d shown up in Labyrinthos. Well, that <em>should </em>have been the second time. But despite barely knowing her, she and Makoto seemed rather close.</p>

      <p>“Just trust me. We can be sure of this...” Lady Estelle trailed off, then spoke once more in a barely audible whisper. “At least, he promised.”</p>

      <p>“Pardon, but what did you say?” I asked. Mel and I hadn’t quite caught the tail end of her statement.</p>

      <p>“N-Nothing!” she exclaimed. “More importantly, where is Makoto Takatsuki?”</p>

      <p>Right... We hadn’t seen him yet.</p>

      <p>“I’m here.”</p>

      <p>I yelped, jumping back and nearly falling over. Someone had appeared suddenly from the mist at my side. No, wait... The mist itself had become a person.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Don’t surprise me like that!” I protested.</p>

      <p>“Ah, sorry, Anna.”</p>

      <p><em>That was really shocking!</em> He smiled at me, not seeming chagrined in the slightest. At least it seemed like he was doing okay. It had only been a few days, but seeing his face filled me with relief.</p>

      <p>“That was a rather odd spell, Elementalist,” said Mel. “How did you do it?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I combined my water magic with <em>Transform</em> and turned myself into mist. It’s not as fast as Momo’s <em>Teleport</em>, but it’s pretty useful.”</p>

      <p>Lady Helemmelk seemed interested, but Lady Estelle seemed much more put out.</p>

      <p>“Becoming mist? That’s a vampire’s specialty... Surely you don’t need to use that kind of spell.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I got bored while we were waiting, so I had Momo teach it to me.” Makoto’s eyes scanned our forces. “You sure brought a lot of fighters. Thanks for your help, Johnnie.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t mention it. Everyone here has the resolve to fight the demon lord—our lives are at your disposal. We will charge at your signal.”</p>

      <p>Johnnie’s words changed the atmosphere, and we all nodded firmly in response. It was finally time to fight the demon lord. A spike of nervous energy shot through me.</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Actually, though, there are a few things I want to do first.” Makoto turned to Julietta. “Did you bring the thing I asked for?”</p>

      <p>“Um, will this work?” Julietta handed him an object made of wood. It was...a mask? The visage of a fox had been carved onto its surface.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that looks cool. Thanks.”</p>

      <p>“If I’d had more time, I could’ve made something nicer...”</p>

      <p>“This is plenty nice. It just needs to cover my face.” He slipped the mask on. “What do you think, Momo? Dia?”</p>

      <p>Neither of them waited for more than a second before answering.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, it’s so cool!” Momo exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Ah... It’s wonderful, my liege.”</p>

      <p><em>Ehhhh... </em>Honestly, I wasn’t sure what to think. Were their eyes working right? I thought he looked much better without it...</p>

      <p>“Yuck,” Lady Estelle said bluntly. “What’s that supposed to be?”</p>

      <p>“Ira, you know we’re about to face Bifrons, right? So you also know that I can’t let him see my face. This is me being considerate of <em>you</em>.”</p>

      <p>“I’m Estelle! And...oh, that makes sense. Carry on, then.”</p>

      <p>“Anyway, don’t you think a fox mask is cool?”</p>

      <p>“I just told you what I think of it. Besides, people use foxes in harvest rituals to ask for a good crop yield, so they technically fall under my sister Freya’s domain.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see,” said Makoto. “It’s jealousy.”</p>

      <p>Lady Estelle scoffed. “No, it’s not!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t kick me. I can see your underwear!”</p>

      <p>“If you’re looking, then pay me!”</p>

      <p>“That’s ridiculous!”</p>

      <p><em>They’re flirting again... </em>It also wasn’t fair that only <em>they</em> seemed to understand what they were talking about. The rest of us had no clue. Even Johnnie looked somewhat taken aback as he joined their conversation.</p>

      <p>“So, you just wanted to put the mask on?” Johnnie asked.</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not all. We’ve got the chance, so I figured I’d whittle down their numbers some more. It’s nearly time.”</p>

      <p>“Elementalist, if you could explain...a little...”</p>

      <p>Lady Helemmelk trailed off, and her eyes darted upward. The rest of us followed suit. Suddenly, a chunk of ice the size of a small mountain broke through the mist. We all gasped in shock.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Wh-Wh-What is that?!” I stuttered.</p>

      <p>“<em>Comet Fall</em>,” Dia answered. “It’s a spell my liege invented.”</p>

      <p>Spell?! This seemed more like a world-ending event!</p>

      <p>“It’s massive...” Lady Helemmelk gave a shaky exhale. “I’ve never seen magic like that.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s no surprise, Mellie,” said Lady Estelle. “<em>Comet Fall</em> is a large-scale destruction spell. The Sacred Deities class it as forbidden magic. It’s an inhuman spell that drastically alters the landscape when it’s cast. Makoto Takatsuki, are you okay?”</p>

      <p>We all looked aghast at this revelation. Even though we were a good distance away from the castle, the destruction could still reach us.</p>

      <p>“Just watch,” Makoto answered smoothly. “This thing is way smaller than the one that fell on Great Keith. And I can control it because of <em>this</em>.”</p>

      <p>He held up his right hand.</p>

      <p>“<em>Transform</em>.”</p>

      <p>The air immediately grew heavier as mana condensed around us.</p>

      <p><em>C-Can’t breathe...! </em></p>

      <p>His mana felt like an enormous weight sitting on my chest, forcing the air from my body. The pressure was so intense that even some of the warriors from Labyrinthos fell to the ground.</p>

      <p>Rapidly, the mana started to coalesce in his hand.</p>

      <p><em>Right Hand of the Elemental</em>.</p>

      <p>He spoke, and his whole arm turned transparent and started to glow blue.</p>

      <p>“He’s...turning his body into a spirit?” asked Mel.</p>

      <p>“An elemental, to be precise,” Lady Estelle replied. “It’s another forbidden technique...but I’ll pretend I didn’t see it.”</p>

      <p>The mana seemed to swirl around us, and I felt dizzy, almost drunk on the power. Somehow, I stayed conscious as I watched what was happening in front of us. The massive chunk of ice—he’d called it a comet—slammed into the castle. With a sickening crunch, the whole building cracked like an egg. Then, the comet itself broke apart.</p>

      <p>“Aftershocks!” yelled Johnnie. “Brace yourselves!”</p>

      <p>We all frantically dropped to the ground.</p>

      <p>Makoto laughed softly. “It’s okay. They won’t reach us.” He lifted his glowing arm again.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Go with the Flow</em>.</p>

      <p>Immediately, the exploding comet flew high into the sky and burst.</p>

      <p>“Wha?”</p>

      <p>Everyone simultaneously gasped in shock. Everyone, that is, except Lady Estelle. Even Lady Helemmelk and Johnnie were agape.</p>

      <p>The huge explosion covered the sky, and the very air around us seemed to turn red. The noise was so deafening that I thought it might burst my eardrums. Everything went white, then pitch-black. After a moment, I realized that was because I’d closed my eyes. I took a deep breath, then hesitantly opened them.</p>

      <p><em>Huh...</em></p>

      <p>As I looked out upon the scenery, I felt like I was dreaming. The castle had been crushed. An oddly pleasant wind was blowing. And then I saw something even more surreal—the sky was <em>clear</em>. This was the first time in my life that I’d ever seen blue skies.</p>

      <p>“You used the aftershocks to blow away the <em>Clouds of Darkness</em>,”<em> </em>said Lady Estelle. She folded her arms. “Not a bad technique. I think.”</p>

      <p>Makoto nodded. “It worked well. How’s the forecast, Ira?”</p>

      <p>Since he was wearing the mask, I couldn’t see his expression, but judging by the tone of his voice, he was enjoying himself.</p>

      <p>“You make me sound like a meteorologist. Hmm...” Ira thought for a moment. “The <em>Clouds of Darkness</em> have broken apart over a radius of a hundred kilometers. It should take more than half a day for them to return. I almost feel sorry for the demon lord. His town is flooded, his castle crushed by a comet, and sunlight, the bane of his undead, is pouring down while the heroes attack.”</p>

      <p>Their conversation went mostly unnoticed, but I heard them. Makoto turned to me.</p>

      <p>“Well then, Anna, we’re ready. Let’s go kill a demon lord.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...” I said with a clumsy nod.</p>

      <p>This whole event had triggered a cataclysmic shift in my thinking. <em>Does he even need us? Wouldn’t Makoto be able to do this on his own?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>My arm twinged with pain. I used <em>Calm Mind</em> to keep my discomfort from showing on my face. <em>Actually, the mask serves that purpose too.</em> I didn’t need to worry about revealing just how much I’d pushed myself.</p>

      <p>“Hey!” came a scolding voice. A small girl—Estelle, possessed by Ira—was glaring at me. She reached up and smacked my head.</p>

      <p>“Ah... What is it?” I asked her.</p>

      <p>“You’re pretending to be fine. But you just used up most of your lifespan.”</p>

      <p>Anna and Momo—along with everyone else in earshot—reeled in shock.</p>

      <p>“Well, elemental magic is huge in scale. It’s not like I’d be able to cast anything in the middle of the battle without hurting our side too. I had to use it now—go big or go home.”</p>

      <p>“But there are still limits to—” Ira scoffed. “Whatever. Just rest now.”</p>

      <p>I appreciated those huffy words of kindness, but unfortunately, I wasn’t going to be able to take advantage of them. The real show was just about to begin.</p>

      <p>“Did the demon lord even survive?”</p>

      <p>“I doubt he is uninjured after that attack...”</p>

      <p>“Perhaps Sir Makoto’s spell killed him?”</p>

      <p><em>They sure are an optimistic bunch.</em></p>

      <p>“The demon lord is unharmed,” Ira announced, silencing them all.</p>

      <p>I nodded. “A little comet isn’t going to do much against Bifrons.”</p>

      <p>I’d seen Zagan, and he’d been a monster in every sense of the word. Without Sakurai and his <em>Hero of Light </em>skill, we never would’ve won. And from what I’d heard, Bifrons was even more impressive.</p>

      <p>“Makoto is right—the true battle will begin now,” Ira declared. “Don’t relax yet.”</p>

      <p>Everyone’s expressions grew serious.</p>

      <p>Momo tugged at my sleeve. “Um...Sir Makoto, what do I do?”</p>

      <p>“You wait here. Mel and the others are staying too, so stick with them.”</p>

      <p>“Wait. Should I not be with you?” Mel asked.</p>

      <p>“Well, your position means you shouldn’t stand publicly against the demon lords, right?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, but—”</p>

      <p>“You’ve helped us more than enough,” I said, cutting off her worries.</p>

      <p>From what Ira had told me, Mel—being an ancient dragon—had some relation to the Demon Lord Astaroth. She had thus far taken a neutral position in this war. However, if she fought against Bifrons, it would be tantamount to declaring her allegiance to our side. I felt awkward about trying to insist on that. In the original timeline, she’d taken a stand against Iblis because Cain had killed her family. But now...</p>

      <p>Speaking of Cain, his reckless killing had also spurred Hero Abel into action. <em>He’s a proper war criminal, huh? </em>Well, though he fought for the demons, he was, above everything else, on <em>Noah’s</em> side.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto, should I direct all of our forces to invade the castle?” Johnnie asked.</p>

      <p><em>Time to reveal the strategy Ira and I came up with. </em>I took a breath and then began to explain.</p>

      <p>“The demon army is currently dealing with the flooding. However, there’s no way they could mistake the comet for anything other than an attack. By now, they’ve surely realized that something’s wrong, so they’ll all be heading back to the castle. Johnnie, I need your warriors to make sure they can’t regroup with the demon lord. While you do that, Abe—Anna and the other heroes will be helping defeat the demon lord.”</p>

      <p>“Most of the demon lord’s troops are undead,” said Ira. “The clear skies put them in the worst possible position. It’s rather convenient for us.”</p>

      <p>Right, the army was cut off from Bifrons <em>and</em> weakened. This was the best strategy we could’ve come up with.</p>

      <p>Johnnie nodded. “Very well. I shall issue the orders to my troops. However, I will accompany you, Sir Makoto. My conscience could not withstand missing the opportunity to repay the core of our oppression with a sword slash.”</p>

      <p>So Johnnie would be coming with us... Well, he was one of Hero Abel’s “true companions,” so that was fine. Volf and Julietta would also be accompanying Anna and me. Meanwhile, the warriors from Labyrinthos would be dealing with the army and preventing their return to the castle. If we took any casualties, Mel and Momo would teleport them out. “Estelle” would be by their side.</p>

      <p>That was the rough layout of our battle formation.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki. You’re truly planning on going in?” Ira asked. She clearly wasn’t happy that I’d be joining the assault on the castle.</p>

      <p>“Dia’s here, and I can deal with any new mobs that crop up.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right! I will protect my liege!”</p>

      <p>“I won’t let the demon lord hurt him!” Anna exclaimed.</p>

      <p>Our preliminary preparations were complete. <em>We should be fine. And more than anything else...</em></p>

      <p><em>I wanna see the moment Abel the Savior defeats the demon lord!</em></p>

      <p>“I heard that,” Ira scolded, giving me another smack. <em>Gah, she must’ve read my mind.</em> Then, she whispered, “Just...don’t die. I can’t see your future.”</p>

      <p>“Pray for our victory,” I murmured before turning back to our troops. “Let’s go, everyone.”</p>

      <p>Johnnie and Anna nodded, and the rest of the heroes followed suit.</p>

      <p>The battle against the demon lord had begun.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>The area around the castle was flooded, so we used flight magic to travel. I couldn’t cast it though, so Anna was carrying me.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, take care not to fall,” she said.</p>

      <p>“I won’t—you don’t need to squeeze so hard.”</p>

      <p>“I do! <em>You</em> should be holding on tighter!”</p>

      <p><em>Guess she’s being overprotective.</em></p>

      <p>“The damage looks even worse up close,” Julietta remarked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” said Volf. “I can’t see any of the army’s monsters.”</p>

      <p>They were right—<em>Comet Fall</em> had half destroyed the castle and none of the monsters were visible. The first floor was still mostly intact, albeit flooded.</p>

      <p>“Where shall we enter?” Anna asked me.</p>

      <p>“Let’s use the front door.”</p>

      <p>“But that area is flood—.”</p>

      <p>Before she could finish, I gave Dia a signal.</p>

      <p>“Of course, my liege.” She approached the massive entrance to the castle. As she did, the water parted at her feet.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Anna.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...”</p>

      <p>Johnnie and the other two heroes followed us down. The metal doors were large enough that even a dragon could pass through them. They were also firmly shut.<em> Now, how do we get inside?</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t have to ponder long—with a squeal, the doors began to open.</p>

      <p>“I suppose that’s as good as any invitation,” Johnnie remarked, walking straight in.</p>

      <p>I followed him.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait!” Anna protested from behind, trotting to catch up with us. The castle was dark inside, with only sporadic candles illuminating the area. The taps of our footsteps were ominous in the silence.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Considering the power of your comet, this level still looks remarkably intact,” Johnnie murmured.</p>

      <p>“Maybe there was a barrier?” I peered around with <em>Dark Vision</em>. The place was made of polished marble inlaid with decorations, and I saw no damage visible on the walls or floor.</p>

      <p>We progressed carefully through the opulent corridors. Every so often, we came across gargoyles disguised as statues, or animated suits of armor, but Johnnie and the other heroes cut them down without much issue.</p>

      <p>We’d assumed that the castle would be swarming with the demon army, but hardly any enemies were present, and not many monsters were still protecting the castle.</p>

      <p>We walked to the end of a long corridor, and it opened up into a large hall. At the center of the hall was a raised platform that had steps leading up to it. Atop that was a throne.</p>

      <p>An empty one. No one was sitting in it.</p>

      <p>“I don’t see anyone...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t let your guard down.”</p>

      <p>Warily, we investigated the room.</p>

      <p>“Maybe the demon lord wasn’t here?”</p>

      <p>“Lady Estelle said he was, but...”</p>

      <p>“Then he must be. We should search.”</p>

      <p><em>“He must be,” huh? </em>Ira’d said that, so it had to be good information. Though, knowing her...</p>

      <p><em>Don’t you trust me?!</em></p>

      <p>Oops, busted. Ira, there’s no one in this throne room. Are you sure Bifrons is here?</p>

      <p><em>Look properly!</em> <em>He’s definitely there today!</em></p>

      <p>I’d resigned myself to thoroughly investigating the creepy-looking hall when suddenly,<em> something</em> broke the relative silence of the castle.</p>

      <p>“So noisy...”</p>

      <p>The voice was by no means loud, but it was clearly audible. We all turned toward it.</p>

      <p>The throne was no longer empty. A tall, rather slender man sat upon it, looking down at us with a cold expression.</p>

      <p>The air around us grew heavier. I heard someone gulp.</p>

      <p>No one asked who he was—we all knew. This was the second time I’d met him. Our first encounter had been in Springrogue at the Demon Lord’s Grave. I had spoken to him a thousand years in the future.</p>

      <p>Bifrons, the Undead King.</p>

      <p>The demon lord who ruled the continent was sitting on his throne.</p>

      <p>“The goddesses’ heroes...”</p>

      <p>Bifrons looked almost like a statue. His face was handsome, with idealized features, and it was framed by long, white hair. His skin was tanned and brown, and his eyes glowed dimly red in the gloom of the castle. The stench of death and blood lingered in the air.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>