<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue"><div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: Founding</h1>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Saint Anna’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>Makoto had traveled back to the future.</p>

      <p>I barely had time to be upset about it, though.</p>

      <p>“Lady Anna!”</p>

      <p>“Saint!”</p>

      <p>“Queen!”</p>

      <p>“Long live the Queen!”</p>

      <p>After we’d defeated Iblis and driven the demon lords back to the northern continent, the people who’d lived in hiding were able to gather in the sunlight and form countries. One of these new nations was Highland.</p>

      <p>I’d become its queen. It wasn’t like anyone else was going to do it.</p>

      <p>As for the others who had fought against Iblis...</p>

      <p>Johnnie...was traveling the world.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Wait, Chief!” Julietta panicked. “What about the town? Who’s going to bring the elves together?!”</p>

      <p>“I leave it to you, Julietta.”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s not fair!”</p>

      <p>“The Great Forest will be perfect for the elves. Perhaps you can call it Springrogue. Create a country for our people. I’m sure everyone will follow if you lead.”</p>

      <p>“The elves are one thing, but what about all the other races living in the town?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right. Their settlements are scattered in the wilderness, and many of them want to band together into a country. I’ll be helping them,” Volf said.</p>

      <p>Julietta looked uncertain. “Are you sure?”</p>

      <p>“There are lots of vicious sand dragons in the area. The fate priestess said a hero should go with them. The country will be called Great Keith.”</p>

      <p>“And you’ll be its king?”</p>

      <p>“Technically. Not like I’m cut out for it, though...”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll have to do it.” Julietta let out a sigh. “Aww, I don’t wanna be a queen.”</p>

      <p>“All you need to do is set a term and appoint the next chief,” Johnnie reasoned. “Elves are long-lived—we shouldn’t have the same person leading for too long.”</p>

      <p>“But you’ve led here for around two hundred years,” she protested, her eyes hooded.</p>

      <p>She didn’t tell him to stay, though. Johnnie had led the various races since Julietta was a child, so she wanted to let him follow his dreams. So did the town as a whole.</p>

      <p>Johnnie gave his farewells and then vanished.</p>

      <p>Almost like Makoto. <br/><br/></p>

      <p>It had been several months since then.</p>

      <p>“Saint Anna, I apologize for the late hour.”</p>

      <p>I had finally finished my work for the day. A guest had arrived while I was resting in my room.</p>

      <p>“Lady Estelle...” I said. My eyes flicked to the person next to her. “And, who are you?”</p>

      <p>Estelle was petite, but there was an even smaller girl at her side. Her eyes were a clear blue, and her hair was the color of the sky. She was adorable.</p>

      <p>“This is the new water priestess. I brought her here to greet you.”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m glad to meet you, Saint! I’m Sonia from the village of Roses! I heard Goddess Eir’s voice and now I’m her priestess!” The girl’s voice was nervous, and she dropped her head in a bow.</p>

      <p>“I see. I’m Anna. Nice to meet you, Sonia.”</p>

      <p>I took her hand and smiled.</p>

      <p>“I was thinking she could establish a country that follows Eir. Is that acceptable?” Estelle asked.</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>We hadn’t been able to pray properly to our goddesses so far. We’d planned to construct temples and churches for worship—this would set the framework for us all to live better lives. The western continent was particularly blessed by the goddesses, after all.</p>

      <p>But there were so many other things we needed to do first. It made me want Makoto back.</p>

      <p>My feelings must have shown on my face.</p>

      <p>“Lady Anna, have you been working too much?” Estelle peered at my face, clearly concerned.</p>

      <p>“Huh? No, not at—”</p>

      <p>“Working too much will ruin you,” she interrupted. “Don’t imitate Ira or Makoto, okay? Oh, I know! I have an idea.”</p>

      <p>A teasing smile curled her lips upward.</p>

      <p>“Um...an idea?” I asked.</p>

      <p>She giggled. “I’ll visit again tomorrow. Do the urgent things, but make the others help with everything else.”</p>

      <p>With that, she and the other priestess left.</p>

      <p>What was going on?</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p><em>Splish</em>.</p>

      <p>It was a pleasant sound.</p>

      <p>“Anna, Teacher Mel, the water is great!”</p>

      <p>“Indeed it is, little one. Thank you for having us, Hero.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you both for joining me,” I told the two of them.</p>

      <p>Momo smiled. “Well, I wanted a break from training, so I was glad for the invitation.”</p>

      <p>“You’re still going to be training here,” Lady Helemmelk told her.</p>

      <p>“Whaaa?!” Momo whined. “Can’t I have a rest day from time to time?!”</p>

      <p>“Do you think you’ll catch up to<em> him</em> like that? He trained all day every day.”</p>

      <p>There was a pause.</p>

      <p>“And he was messed up in the head for it! Don’t lump me in with him!”</p>

      <p>“Well, he <em>did</em> train too much,” Lady Helemmelk admitted.</p>

      <p>It was nice to hear them talking again. This almost made it feel like we were all traveling again.</p>

      <p>This village was apparently called Macallan. The fate priestess had told about this place, which had a natural hot spring. “Lady Anna,” she’d said. “You should rest. If we leave you to your own devices, I’m sure you’ll barely sit down! So, I have called for reinforcements—Lady Momo and Lady Helemmelk. We’ll get you to relax!”</p>

      <p>And now, Lady Helemmelk, Momo, and I were in the pool.</p>

      <p>The water priestess soon popped by to check on us. It seemed that she ran the place.</p>

      <p>“Saint, is the water okay?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Lovely. Why don’t you join us, Sonia?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“No! I couldn’t possibly!”</p>

      <p>She seemed overwhelmed and didn’t take me up on the offer. Honestly, I’d rather not be treated as anything special, though...</p>

      <p>Oh well.</p>

      <p>“Time to get out!” Lady Helemmelk stood with a splash.</p>

      <p>Damn, her figure really was amazing.</p>

      <p>“Me too...” Momo said, also standing up. “I’m getting lightheaded.”</p>

      <p>“What about you?” Lady Helemmelk asked me.</p>

      <p>“I’ll soak for a little longer.”</p>

      <p>The two of them walked off, and Momo had to practically jog to keep up with the taller woman’s longer stride.</p>

      <p><em>They’re like mother and daughter...</em> I thought with a smile. <em>Mother and daughter...husband and wife...marriage...</em></p>

      <p>I looked down at the silver ring around my finger.</p>

      <p>It matched Makoto’s.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto...</em></p>

      <p>We’d had a small ceremony with the group we’d traveled with. Remembering it brought a smile to my face.</p>

      <p>“Ah...I’m feeling kinda dizzy,” I murmured.</p>

      <p>I’d stayed in the water for too long. I left the pool and headed for Lady Helemmelk and Momo.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re done. Try this! It’s delicious.”</p>

      <p>Lady Helemmelk passed me an ice-cold glass of a white drink.</p>

      <p>“Is that...milk?”</p>

      <p>I’d never tried it during Iblis’s rule. The demon lords hadn’t farmed cows or sheep—they’d farmed humans instead. I took a drink from the glass of milk and let its coolness flow down my throat.</p>

      <p>“Oh...it’s delicious.”</p>

      <p>“Phwaah, I’m alive again!” Momo exclaimed after draining her own glass.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, little one, you’re a vampire. You’re not alive at all,” Lady Helemmelk interjected.</p>

      <p>“It’s only old people that get insistent on that sort of thing.”</p>

      <p>“Oh-ho... So that’s triple the training today.”</p>

      <p>“Abuse! Oppression!”</p>

      <p>The teacher and apprentice were a lively pair. It was a pleasant, heartwarming sight.</p>

      <p>Despite her complaints, Momo continued her training. She was getting ready for the distant future when Iblis returned—she wanted to be able to fight alongside Makoto.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto...</em></p>

      <p>We’d won, but he’d gone back to save the world again.</p>

      <p><em>All I can do...is establish a solid country. I have to make sure he doesn’t lose.</em></p>

      <p>Being all emotional wasn’t going to help.</p>

      <p>Mel turned to me. “You look worried, Hero. You should relax while you’re here.”</p>

      <p>“She’s right, Anna! Rest.”</p>

      <p>“Lady Helemmelk, Momo...”</p>

      <p>I’d worried both of them.</p>

      <p>“If you are done bathing, I have a meal ready for you,” said Sonia. “This way.”</p>

      <p>Sonia guided us to a spread of food. The dishes mostly utilized fish caught in the nearby lake—Lake Chimay.</p>

      <p>“These salt-broiled fish are delicious.”</p>

      <p>“The fried shrimp are so crispy.”</p>

      <p>Lady Helemmelk and Momo were chattering as they enjoyed their food.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve never seen a salad like this... </em>I put a bite into my mouth, savoring the fresh flavors.<em> Delicious.</em></p>

      <p>“Is it to your liking, Saint?” Sonia asked.</p>

      <p>“It is! It’s wonderful.”</p>

      <p>“The freshness is due to how clean the water is around here. Because of our environment, the food is always tasty.”</p>

      <p>“With the hot spring and the local cuisine, this might end up as a good tourist spot,” Lady Helemmelk remarked. She was enjoying an alcoholic beverage that was apparently made by fermenting rice.</p>

      <p>“Right! The Priestess of Fate said that too!” Sonia exclaimed. “I’m going to make Roses a country that welcomes all travelers.”</p>

      <p>The young water priestess was cheerful as she talked about her plans. <em>I’m sure Roses will end up being a fine nation.</em></p>

      <p>Right—hadn’t Makoto said that he’d been the Hero of Roses?</p>

      <p><em>Makoto...</em> My mind was fixed on the man I loved, even as he’d traveled far away.</p>

      <p><em>Save the future.</em></p>

      <p>I’d do everything I could here.</p>

      <p>I stretched and drank the rest of my drink, which was a fruit liquor of some variety. I’d rest properly for a bit and then make Highland into the best country I could.</p>

      <p>That was my vow.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>