<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue_1"><div class="main">
      <p>Just as I was trying to think up some excuse, a huge white dragon soared into the temple grounds.</p>

      <p>Lady Helemmelk! They were back?</p>

      <p>But when I turned to greet them, I noticed the lack of Makoto.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back, Teacher,” said Momo.</p>

      <p>I tilted my head. “Lady Helemmelk, is Makoto not with you?”</p>

      <p>In contrast to our calm greetings, Mel yelled out in a panic, “Hero, with me! The elementalist was attacked by Demon Lord Cain!”</p>

      <p>Momo and I both gasped as our expressions spasmed into fear.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>In no time, Lady Helemmelk and I set off, rushing toward Makoto.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure it was wise to leave Momo behind?” I asked. The girl had begged us, tears overflowing, to take her along. However, Lady Helemmelk had refused.</p>

      <p>“We had no other choice—Makoto is facing a demon lord. More importantly, have you gained some measure of control over the attack that damaged Demon Lord Cain in Labyrinthos?”</p>

      <p>“W-Well...” I stammered. The truth was, I hadn’t managed to use it except for that one time. It was a magic sword technique I’d wielded only by chance. Could I somehow summon it again to launch a strike against Demon Lord Cain?</p>

      <p>“You are the only one capable of harming the demon lord!” Mel exclaimed. “We need to hurry!”</p>

      <p>“R-Right!”</p>

      <p>My grip tightened on my newly obtained sword.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto...please be safe.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Several hours passed before Lady Helemmelk called out to me. “We’re here! This should be the place.”</p>

      <p>I stiffened, feeling suddenly wary. I could see only the aftereffects of various magic attacks—shattered patches of earth and such. There were no signs of either combatant. <em>He couldn’t already be...</em></p>

      <p>“Hero, look!”</p>

      <p>I whipped my head around and stared. Someone was over there.</p>

      <p>“I see smoke,” I murmured.</p>

      <p>Mel nodded grimly. “Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“We need to be careful.”</p>

      <p>With bated breath, we approached the smoke.</p>

      <p>“That smell...” Mel’s brow furrowed as we spotted a figure whose back was turned to us.</p>

      <p><em>That’s...Makoto! Thank goodness, he’s safe.</em></p>

      <p>“What are you doing, Elementalist?” Lady Helemmelk demanded sharply. At first, I didn’t understand why she was angry. But upon closer inspection, I saw that Makoto was...</p>

      <p>“Oh, Mel, Abel. I was waiting for you two,” he said, turning around from where he was tending to some fish on a campfire. “Want some food?”</p>

      <p>I felt all the energy leave my body as I collapsed to my knees.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Are you okay?! You weren’t hurt?!”</p>

      <p>Momo clung to him, tears rolling down her cheeks.</p>

      <p>“I’m back, Momo,” he said, soothing her.</p>

      <p>“What about the demon lord?!” she exclaimed. “I heard you got attacked by Demon Lord Cain!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, but Dia and I managed to drive him off.”</p>

      <p>Momo was now full of energy and leaping around in happiness. “A-Amazing! I knew you were strong!”</p>

      <p>Indeed, Makoto didn’t have a scratch on him from the battle.</p>

      <p><em>Why did I even rush out after him...?</em></p>

      <p>“Don’t push yourself too far, Elementalist,” said Lady Melemmelk. Her voice was weary. “I’m going to rest now.” At that, she retired to her bed. Well, she <em>had</em> rushed there and back without sleeping.</p>

      <p>“How’s your training been going, Momo?” asked Makoto.</p>

      <p>Momo giggled. “Watch! I can use <em>Teleport</em>! At least, if I use the incantation!”</p>

      <p>“Wow! Nice one! That’ll come in handy when we fight the demon lords. We can add it to our strategy.”</p>

      <p>“Praise me more!” She kept giggling. “Also, gimme a hug!”</p>

      <p>“Well done, well done.”</p>

      <p>The two of them continued playing around for a while. <em>They have so much energy... </em>All I’d done was ride on the back of Lady Helemmelk and yet I felt exhausted. So, I decided to follow her example and take a nap.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>It was dark when I awoke. Lady Helemmelk and Momo were sleeping in their own beds. However, Makoto was nowhere to be found. I rose and left the temple, looking for him.</p>

      <p><em>There he is...</em></p>

      <p>Thousands of butterflies conjured using water magic were fluttering through the air. <em>Does he not even bother to rest? Does he always keep up his training like this? Even though he just fought a demon lord?</em></p>

      <p>“You’re awake, Abel?”</p>

      <p>He shouldn’t have been able to see me, but he’d somehow managed to greet me before I could open my mouth.</p>

      <p>“I just woke up. Also, please call me Anna when I’m like this.” Recently, I’d spent all of my time in my avian form, so I was indeed Anna.</p>

      <p>I walked over and sat at his side.</p>

      <p>“Thanks for coming today, Anna.”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t do anything, though.” The demon lord had vanished by the time Mel and I had arrived...and I’d been relieved. <em>Even though that monster took my mentor from me.</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, right,” said Makoto. “There’s something I need to tell you.”</p>

      <p>My back stiffened with fear and anticipation about what he might say. “O-Okay, what is it?”</p>

      <p>In the end, it was nothing too bad. Apparently, in a week’s time, he was going to do some training at a place called the Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p>“Um...can’t you train here?” I asked hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“There isn’t much water here,” he said casually, “so I may as well try somewhere else. Somewhere with plenty of it.”</p>

      <p>He was going out of his way to train in a <em>dungeon</em>? One of the <em>last</em> dungeons?</p>

      <p>“We only have a year to get stronger, so I need to train hard,” he insisted, his eyes gleaming in excitement.</p>

      <p>Right... He was going off again. Far away. He never could sit still. And now I was just going to be waiting for him.</p>

      <p>“Uh, Makoto, please listen to me.”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, I was squeezing the fabric of his clothes between my fingers and pleading.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>