<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 11</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue: A Hero’s Worries</h1>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Hero Abel’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>Two days had passed since Makoto and Lady Helemmelk had left for Labyrinthos, and my training was going nowhere. I prayed and prayed, but I couldn’t hear any response from the goddess.</p>

      <p>I let out a sigh. To try and clear my mind, I picked up my sword and began to practice. From somewhere nearby, I heard Momo cheering. “Yay! I did it!” I glanced over and saw that she’d just succeeded in a short-distance teleport.</p>

      <p>“You’re amazing, Momo. It took you so little time to learn a new spell.”</p>

      <p>She shook her head. “I’ve still got a long way to go. I can’t do it unless I use the incantation, so my teleports won’t be helpful in a real fight. Sir Makoto said that if you can’t cast a spell without the incantation, it’s useless.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe he’s a little harsh,” I mused. I thought her achievement was impressive for someone of Momo’s age—Makoto was assigning her rather lofty goals.</p>

      <p>“After that,” she continued, “I’m learning <em>Serenity</em> and <em>Stealth</em>. Also, since I’m a vampire, I should be able to use <em>Transform</em> to turn into a mist or a bat, so I need to learn that too.”</p>

      <p>“What odd training.” Wasn’t she going to learn anything offensive? After all, she had the <em>Sage</em> skill, which should make her perfect for that role.</p>

      <p>But when I pointed this out, she disagreed.</p>

      <p>“According to Sir Makoto, I need to be able to <em>escape</em> stronger opponents first.”</p>

      <p>“But he’s so strong, so why...?” I trailed off, only half asking the question.</p>

      <p>“I know,” she said. “Still, I’m sure that doing what he instructs is the best choice!”</p>

      <p>Momo seemed to completely trust his words. I was jealous.</p>

      <p>“He could give me some guidance as well...” I muttered. Before he’d left, I’d asked him what I should be doing. But he had just left me to it, asserting that there was nothing he could advise. Maybe it was because he trusted me? But I wanted to rely on him as well.</p>

      <p>“I’d listen to whatever he said.” I remained lost in thought for a moment, but when I felt eyes on me, I snapped back. “Momo?”</p>

      <p>She stared silently for a few seconds. “Why are you a girl now?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” I glanced down and found that I’d transformed into Anna.</p>

      <p>“You thought of him and turned into a girl,” said Momo. “I knew it, you—”</p>

      <p>“U-Uh, Momo?” The look on her face was unnerving me.</p>

      <p>“You love Sir Makoto, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” Her question made me drop my practice blade.</p>

      <p>“I knew it...”</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re misunderstanding, Momo!” I waved my hands around in a panic, but Momo just stared fixedly at me.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>