<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Unsure of how to respond, Miharu looked to Rio for confirmation. If Rio gave the wrong order here, he would be revealing that he could understand Japanese to Liselotte, but they had thankfully established a sign in advance just for this situation.</p>

      <p><em>What should I do? Join the conversation too? But...</em> Rio decided to observe for now, placing his right hand over his left hand and tapping his index finger twice. In other words: a yes.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ah, umm... Yes,</em>” Miharu answered hesitantly in Japanese.</p>

      <p>“<em>Are you wondering why I can speak Japanese? Or did you expect that I would be able to speak Japanese?</em>” Liselotte giggled, guessing at what Miharu could be thinking at the moment.</p>

      <p>“<em>Umm, why did you suddenly speak in Japanese?</em>” Miharu asked. While the right answer was actually the latter, she was more curious as to the reason why Liselotte suddenly spoke in Japanese.</p>

      <p>“<em>It’s because you were able to speak the language of this world clearly. Your pronunciation wasn’t entirely fluent, but the movement of your lips matches the sounds, so I deduced that you were able to understand the language of this world. That is the reason,</em>” Liselotte replied.</p>

      <p>“<em>What do you mean by that?</em>” Miharu didn’t seem to understand with just that explanation. She tilted her head dubiously.</p>

      <p><em>I see...</em> Rio grasped the reason with just that information and was very impressed, though he didn’t show it on his face.</p>

      <p>“<em>The only hero I’ve met so far has been Sakata, but he’s just been speaking in Japanese. It seems to be automatically translated into the language of our world through some ability. I believe this is one of the powers of the divine arms, but it also means that if you look closely, you’ll see his lips don’t match his words.</em>”</p>

      <p>“<em>Umm...</em>” Miharu still didn’t look convinced.</p>

      <p>“<em>In other words, he didn’t realize that the products of the Ricca Guild were named after Japanese or Earth words. But you knew, didn’t you?</em>” Liselotte tilted her head and confirmed.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ah, yes,</em>” Miharu said honestly. She had discussed this with Rio in advance; they decided it was okay to answer honestly in this regard.</p>

      <p>“<em>In that case, you must have anticipated that the item must have been invented by either me or someone from the Ricca Guild, no? In fact, that’s why you’re here, is it not?</em>”</p>

      <p>“<em>Y-Yes.</em>”</p>

      <p>“<em>That’s why I spoke in Japanese from the start, rather than hide in a roundabout way. The reason I chose to use Earth words for the Ricca Guild’s products was to search for those who were like me, as a message. I didn’t intend on hiding myself from those who received my message.</em>”</p>

      <p>“<em>That’s... amazing.</em>” Overwhelmed by Liselotte’s sharp intellect, Miharu murmured her awe quietly. It was all she could do to keep up with her words, leaving her no room to think.</p>

      <p>“<em>Thank you for the praise. But there’s one thing I’m curious about,</em>” said Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“<em>W-What is it?</em>” Miharu asked fearfully.</p>

      <p>“<em>Japanese shouldn’t exist in this world. So, how did you learn the language of this country? It seems like you’ve already acquired the language to an easily conversational level, but reaching that with self-study would require a tremendous amount of time. At the very least, it would be impossible to achieve in the time since the hero was summoned.</em>”</p>

      <p>“<em>...</em>” Miharu listened to Liselotte’s careful words with an uncomfortable expression.</p>

      <p>“<em>In other words, you would have needed an excellent teacher. Now who could have played that role... With all due respect, Sir Haruto, could it have been you?</em>” Liselotte suddenly looked at Rio and asked in Japanese.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ah, no...</em>” Miharu’s expression stiffened as she looked to Rio in a fluster. Meanwhile, Rio’s expression hadn’t even flinched. He had prepared an excuse in advance, after all.</p>

      <p>“<em>Yes, it is exactly as you suspect. Your observation skills and deductive abilities are most commendable,</em>” Rio praised Liselotte and easily confirmed her conjecture. This time, Liselotte’s expression stiffened.</p>

      <p>“<em>Then... really... Were you — were you reincarnated too? Did you regain your memories of Earth as you were living in this world? Your name — Haruto — is it...</em>” In a rare display of impatience, Liselotte tensed up and asked one question after another, but Rio put a stop to that.</p>

      <p>“Please wait a moment. We have come here today for a different matter. I’m sure you must be limited on time too, so could we wrap up that business first?” Rio said, choosing to use the language of this world.</p>

      <p>“...Please excuse my behavior, I got too excited,” Liselotte apologized, returning to her senses.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s just that that discussion will take some time to get through, so we should plan another day where we can chat without interruption. For now, let’s leave this discussion at my confirmation that I have memories of my past life as a Japanese person. Can we keep this a secret between us? I have no intention of revealing this to others that I do not know well.” Rio shook his head respectfully, confirming the bare minimum. Of course he was willing to expand on this discussion later, but he didn’t want to lose sight of their original objective here.</p>

      <p>“Yes. At present, the hero, Sakata Hiroaki isn’t aware of this either, so I would be grateful if we could keep it that way. I don’t plan on telling anyone other than those that noticed my hint, so I can promise that I will not reveal your secret,” Liselotte agreed with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. I shall promise the same.” Rio bowed respectfully.</p>

      <p>“Then will you tell me more about this other matter? It seems I’ve made the mood a little strange...” Liselotte said, smiling faintly. As a result of what she’d started, this space was now occupied by one world hopper and two reincarnations. There was a sense of something hard to describe — almost like familiarity.</p>

      <p>“It’s about Miharu. I wish to request that she joins us at the banquet where Satsuki will be introduced,” Rio said with a faint smile of his own.</p>

      <p>“Sure, I don’t mind,” Liselotte agreed readily.</p>

      <p>“...Is it really okay?” Rio’s eyes widened in surprise. He’d expected there to be more resistance and discussion surrounding the topic.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Miharu herself wants to attend the banquet, right? I do owe a great debt to Sir Haruto. That much of a request is easy to fill. Now that I know your goal, I have ascertained that you have no ulterior motives. It won’t make a difference if Miharu joins as well. More importantly, I wish to return to the discussion of our past lives as soon as possible,” Liselotte said, giggling with a smile true to herself.</p>

      <p>“...Umm, thank you very much, Lady Liselotte.” Miharu had been observing part of the conversation in a daze, but she suddenly thanked Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“No, don’t mention it. It was thanks to you that I was able to meet someone in the same situation as me.” Liselotte shook her head slowly, looking intently at Rio.</p>

      <p>“...By which you mean someone who has memories of their past life, right?” Rio guessed.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’ve always wondered why I was reborn into this world, and whether there were other people who were reborn just like me. As I said earlier, that was the reason why I used Earth words in the Ricca Guild’s products.”</p>

      <p>“What made you think that?”</p>

      <p>“I had a hunch. Based on the situation of my death, there should have been other people who died too. And if I had been reborn, then it was possible that the same happened to those people. That was my thinking.”</p>

      <p>“...I see.” Rio stared at Liselotte. He had always held the same suspicion as well. He had managed to meet Latifa, after all.</p>

      <p>“In that case, it’s possible that I knew of you.” With a serious expression, Liselotte gulped, then took a deep breath. “Sir Haruto... Did you perhaps pass away in a traffic accident in your past life?”</p>

      <p>“...Before I answer that question... Miharu.” Rio did not respond to the question right away, instead addressing Miharu beside him.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?” Miharu had been listening intently, flinching when she replied.</p>

      <p>“Could I ask you to step outside for a moment?” Rio asked Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah, but...” Miharu hesitated, wanting to remain present. However —</p>

      <p>“...Please,” Rio bowed his head deeply.</p>

      <p>“Uh, ah... I-I understand,” Miharu said dejectedly, her voice fading away. She couldn’t say no; Rio’s gaze asked her not to overstep herself.</p>

      <p>“The attendants outside will lead you to another room. Please, follow me,” Liselotte couldn’t help but interrupt, urging Miharu out as well.</p>

      <p>“...Okay.” In low spirits, Miharu reluctantly moved to leave the room. She slowly opened the door with a clack to see Aria and Natalie waiting outside.</p>

      <p>“It seems Miharu isn’t feeling too well. Please lead her to another room to rest,” Liselotte ordered the two attendants.</p>

      <p>The two attendants exchanged a look before Natalie stepped forward to lead her. “Understood. Lady Miharu, please come this way.” Aria continued to guard the door from outside intruders.</p>

      <p>“...I apologize for that,” Rio said once the door was shut again. “It seemed like we were veering into territory I had yet to reveal to Miharu, so I wasn’t entirely prepared for it.” He bowed his head deeply.</p>

      <p>“No, I should be the one to apologize. I brought it up out of the blue...” Liselotte apologized regretfully.</p>

      <p>“No, let’s continue the conversation. Your question was whether I had died in a traffic accident... The answer is yes — that is exactly right,” Rio said with a strained smile, his face slightly unhappy.</p>

      <p>“I knew it... Who... Who were you in your past life? Were you the young man in university? Or the little girl in primary school? The bus driver?” It was as though years of Liselotte’s questions had been defrosted all at once, filling her with a sense of triumph and impatience as she fearfully asked question after question.</p>

      <p>“...I was the university student. And you?”</p>

      <p>“The high school student. Do you... remember me?”</p>

      <p>“I do recall that you were there, I believe...” Rio said, looking back on his vague memories.</p>

      <p>“We’ve never had any direct contact. But I do remember you,” Liselotte said, examining Rio’s face with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Is that so?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. You always looked sad, so I was a little curious about you. And...” Liselotte looked at Rio’s face, pausing with meaning.</p>

      <p>“...And?” Rio tilted his head curiously.</p>

      <p>“No... But you also helped out the elementary school girl that time she missed her stop and cried on the bus, right?” Liselotte shook her head slowly, recalling her memories with fondness.</p>

      <p>“You even remember that...”</p>

      <p>“Yes. By the way, in my past life I was Rikka — Minamoto Rikka. The Ricca Guild’s name actually derives from my own name in my past life,” Liselotte revealed, now in a nostalgic mood.</p>

      <p>“Rikka, is it? I... My name was Haruto. Amakawa Haruto.” With the flow of the conversation as it was, Rio had no choice but to reveal his name.</p>

      <p>“I figured. It’s a name you hear here too, but I always thought it sounded more Japanese.” Liselotte smiled happily, her eyes thin lines.</p>

      <p>“Lady Liselotte... No, Rikka. I have a favor to ask of you,” Rio began with a serious look.</p>

      <p>“...Yes?” Liselotte adjusted her posture and replied.</p>

      <p>“I’d like you to keep all information surrounding this a secret from Miharu, including my name.”</p>

      <p>“...May I inquire as to why?” Liselotte asked, staring at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Miharu was summoned to this world from Earth, four years before we died.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Liselotte’s eyes widened.</p>

      <p>“The same probably applies to the other heroes. Timeline-wise, we died after they were summoned to this world, yet we were reincarnated before they arrived. It is something we will have to tell them someday, but I want you to keep this from Miharu and the heroes for now,” Rio explained awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“I... see...” Even Liselotte was stunned by that bombshell, but she somehow managed to utter a response.</p>

      <p>“If we talk about our previous lives, Miharu will definitely notice the gap in timelines. That’s why I’d like you to entrust the timing of when to tell her to me,” Rio said, staring at Liselotte’s contemplative face.</p>

      <p>“I understand, if that’s the case... But shouldn’t it be fine to tell her your previous name, at least?” Liselotte asked curiously. She didn’t understand why he had specifically requested that.</p>

      <p>“...I cannot. Because Miharu should know who I was in my previous life.” With a dark expression, Rio shook his head.</p>

      <p>“...” Liselotte was shocked once again.</p>

      <p>“I revealed all of this to you because I trust you. Would you please consider doing this favor for me?” Rio bowed his head once again.</p>

      <p>Liselotte took a breath to calm herself. “Please raise your head. I promise to do just that... But if possible, could you tell me a little more about you and your past life? And Miharu too, of course.”</p>

      <p>“...Sure. If there’s anything I can discuss, I would love to. There are some things that I can’t discuss, but I shouldn’t keep Miharu waiting any longer for now. Could we set another date where we can sit down and talk casually?” Rio exhaled in relief, slumping his posture and nodding. He couldn’t get a clear read on Liselotte’s intentions yet, so he would keep Aki and Masato hidden for now.</p>

      <p>“Of course.” Liselotte also nodded happily. There were many things about Rio that she was curious about, and they weren’t only to do with their past life. Even if it couldn’t be everything, simply receiving an agreement to learn more made her very happy.</p>

      <p>“Then how about we wrap up today with one last question? If there’s anything you’re particularly curious about, I shall answer as much as I can to the best of my abilities,” Rio offered.</p>

      <p>“I understand. Then, as it relates to the banquet, may I ask something with regards to Miharu? As well as what you’re thinking of doing in the future, after meeting Lady Satsuki. Or, it could be possible to meet Lady Satsuki before the banquet, in order to talk.” While she actually wanted to ask more about Rio, she didn’t want to be rude right off the bat.</p>

      <p>“Really?” Rio’s eyes widened slightly in wonder.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Presently, all requests to meet Lady Satsuki have been denied, whether from internal or external of the kingdom. But if it were her friend, there may possibly be a chance. However, I’ll be going to the capital right before the banquet, so the request to meet her would have to be made then.”</p>

      <p>“I would be very grateful for that. However, it’s not something I can decide alone, so would it be possible for me to bring that information back and consider it more?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. There’s still plenty of time until the banquet. As long as you give me a reply before then, it won’t be a problem,” Liselotte said warmly.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much,” Rio said and bowed his head. After that, Rio gave Liselotte a simple explanation of Miharu’s intentions and they wrapped up their talk, agreeing to meet again in ten days before Rio went to find Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for the wait, Miharu,” Rio said once he was led to the separate room where Miharu was waiting. Miharu was staring at the tea set left on the table before her in a daze, a picture of true boredom. She quickly stood up when Rio appeared.</p>

      <p>“Ah, are you done already?”</p>

      <p>“...Yes. I’ll explain on the way back. Shall we go?” Rio asked. He implied his need to meet up with Aishia and Celia by going home like this for today.</p>

      <p>“See you again in ten days. Thank you for today.” Liselotte didn’t stop them, seeing the two off. Thus, Rio and Miharu were led out the mansion.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>On the way back from the mansion...</p>

      <p>“It may be possible for you to see Satsuki before the banquet,” Rio informed Miharu.</p>

      <p>“...Really?” Miharu asked in wonder.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Telling Liselotte about my past life was a bit unforeseen, but thanks to that, we were able to drop our pretenses and speak honestly with each other. She said that she’d try to put together a meeting before the banquet for us, if you so wish,” Rio explained to Miharu as brightly as possible.</p>

      <p>“...Thank you very much. You’ve made things more and more beneficial for us. I honestly don’t know how to thank you...” In contrast, Miharu frowned apologetically.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it,” Rio said with a faint smile.</p>

      <p>“It’s impossible,” Miharu muttered quietly.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Rio was taken aback, his eyes widening a bit. Miharu stopped in her steps and grabbed onto Rio’s sleeves.</p>

      <p>“I can’t do it anymore. It just won’t leave my mind. Haruto... Why do you... Why are you willing to go so far for us?” Miharu asked Rio clingingly.</p>

      <p>Rio thought for a moment. “...Because I couldn’t just pretend to turn a blind eye. And I’ve already started helping, so I want to see it through to the end.”</p>

      <p>“Is that all, though?” Miharu asked dubiously.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean by that...?”</p>

      <p>“I also... I also...” A conflicted but contemplative look appeared on Miharu’s face. <em>I also want to hear about your past life, please...</em> Those words were right on the tip of her tongue, but she just couldn’t get them out.</p>

      <p>She knew the reason why... But she was too scared to know for sure. What if she was wrong? With Rio actually before her, that possibility ran through her head, making her too scared to ask.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” Rio looked at Miharu’s face as though he was being pulled in.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, people around you are staring.</em> Aishia’s telepathic voice suddenly echoed in the back of their heads after being silent the entire time.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Miharu flinched. She had completely forgotten Aishia had been there the whole time, being that she was so silent. They were currently in the noble district, but like Aishia said, people’s gazes were turned towards them curiously.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s go back. Miharu, we can continue this once we’re back at home. We should hurry and tell Aki and Masato about today’s news, too,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“...Okay,” Miharu said in frustration.</p>

      <p>After that, the two of them left Amande and entered the forest off the main road, before floating into the air and heading for the stone house. But in the end, Miharu was unable to continue their conversation.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>