<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Yes, somehow,” Rio nodded with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>“So I heard on the way here.” Aria had already learned this on the way, so she wasn’t particularly surprised. Instead, she watched Rio’s side profile.</p>

      <p>“Leave the idle chit-chat here and quickly show Sir Haruto to our master,” she ordered Cosette and Natalie.</p>

      <p>“As you wish,” the two of them agreed respectfully.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The attendants led Rio to an area with several pavilions set up; a field hospital where the wounded were carried. Inside one of the tents, Liselotte and several of her attendants were using <em>Cura</em> to heal the wounded as assistants circled around them in feverish haste.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto. Aria.” Liselotte was in the middle of healing a severely wounded soldier with a serious face, but she immediately noticed Rio and called out to them.</p>

      <p>“Please pay me no mind and continue your treatment,” Rio urged.</p>

      <p>“Much obliged. But I’m almost done anyway, so please wait there for a moment. ...Okay, all done.” Liselotte confirmed that the wound on the soldier’s abdomen was completely closed before deactivating her healing magic.</p>

      <p>“T-Thank you very much, Lady Liselotte! O-Oww?!” The soldier immediately tried to spring up to thank Liselotte. However, he was soon reminded of the pain in his stomach and grimaced.</p>

      <p>“Didn’t I just tell you that the wound may still open, so make sure you avoid rigorous movement for a few days? Don’t even think about using your stomach muscles. It was a pretty deep wound, you know,” Liselotte said with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“I-I have no excuse.” The soldier hung his head in shame.</p>

      <p>“Okay. If you feel anything weird, call one of the attendants nearby immediately. Now, take care of yourself,” Liselotte said, standing up with a grin. The soldier that received treatment was completely distracted, watching Liselotte’s retreating back with a sloppy expression. Meanwhile, the other wounded men were glaring at that soldier in jealousy.</p>

      <p>Liselotte ignored the conversations going on behind her. “Sorry for the wait, Sir Haruto. Lady Cecilia and Lady Aishia are assisting the healing efforts in the tent next to us. Let’s move there first.”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure you can leave?” Rio looked around the room.</p>

      <p>“Yes. The rest will be left to the three over there. And you’re back too, Aria,” Liselotte beamed, looking over at Aria, Natalie, and Cosette.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I just arrived with Sir Haruto,” Aria replied.</p>

      <p>“With Sir Haruto?” Liselotte tilted her head.</p>

      <p>“We ran into each other by coincidence,” Rio explained.</p>

      <p>“I dropped by the northwest area after cleaning up the monsters at the west gate,” Aria added.</p>

      <p>“I see. Do you have anything urgent to report on your side?”</p>

      <p>Aria shook her head quietly. “...Nothing that can’t wait until later. I shall report the details to you at a later time.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, sounds good. Then, Sir Haruto — please come this way.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.” Rio followed Liselotte out of the tent.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Sir Haruto. Did you find any hints about the kidnapper?” Liselotte asked, stopping outside of the tent.</p>

      <p>“No. He should have suffered fairly fatal wounds, and yet I didn’t even see any stains of blood.” Rio shook his head in disappointment.</p>

      <p>“Is that so... At any rate, I would like to organize all the information first. Extermination of the monsters at the east and west gate is pretty much completed, and the situation has settled a bit, but we cannot relax yet. I’m sorry to ask this, but could you tell me more at a later time with Princess Flora and Duke Huguenot in attendance?” Liselotte asked with an apologetic face.</p>

      <p>“Of course — I have no objections,” Rio said readily.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. Fortunately, the attendants dispatched to every area of the city have started to return, so the mansion won’t be lacking personnel any longer. There’s no need for you and your friends to trouble yourselves anymore. I will arrange for a room where you can rest immediately.” There was no way Rio and his companions could return to their room at the inn in this situation.</p>

      <p>Rio decided to obediently accept Liselotte’s offer. “...I understand. I will gladly take you up on that.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>