<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Instead, Liselotte looked at Duke Huguenot and proceeded with the discussion. “That still isn’t certain yet. I’m also interested in this man called Reiss that Sir Haruto and Princess Flora mentioned...”</p>

      <p>“I’ve also heard of the name Reiss before. It’s the name of the Proxia Empire diplomat who was secretly communicating with the house of Duke Arbor. Or course, it may just be two people with the same name...” Duke Huguenot murmured, and Liselotte turned to address Rio.</p>

      <p>“Princess Flora said that his face was hidden by a hood, but were you able to catch a glimpse of his appearance at all, Sir Haruto...?”</p>

      <p>“No, I couldn’t see anything either. Even if I had seen the face of that Proxia Empire diplomat, there’s no guarantee they are the same person,” Rio shook his head apologetically. He could make a presumption based on stature and voice, but there wasn’t enough decisive evidence to prove it.</p>

      <p>“Which means it would be more reliable to pursue Lucius’ tracks, whose background we understand,” Liselotte suggested.</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot seemed to have no objections. “I will gather my forces and investigate to see whether anyone among them has had any points of connection with him in the past or present. It will require a trip back to Rodania, though.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for your efforts. I will put an inquiry in at the adventurer’s guild just in case, but if he has suspended his mercenary activities, I don’t believe there will be much chance of success.” Liselotte bowed her head deeply in request.</p>

      <p>Various discussions continued after that, and another hour passed before they dispersed.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The next morning, Rio was once again summoned by Liselotte. Instead of the meeting room from last night, he was led into a drawing room.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for coming, Sir Haruto. Please, have a seat,” Liselotte welcomed Rio brightly. Present in the room was the head attendant Aria, Duke Huguenot, and Flora. There was no sign of Hiroaki or Roanna.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me. What is everyone gathered here for, if I may ask?” Rio asked, then sat down on a loveseat. They should have concluded all discussions about the monster attack and Lucius last night.</p>

      <p>“If it isn’t too much of a bother to you, we wanted to ask what your plans are for the future, and also discuss various things relating to your reward.” Liselotte sat on the single-seater sofa opposite to Rio and stated their business. Flora was seated on the sofa next to her, while the one beside that sat Duke Huguenot.</p>

      <p>“I’ve actually had some urgent matter suddenly come up, so I was thinking of leaving Amande within the next few days,” Rio informed.</p>

      <p>“Urgent matter, you say?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I plan on heading to the Galarc Kingdom capital, Galtuuk, first.”</p>

      <p>“...Is that so? In that case, we must prepare our tokens of gratitude for you with even more haste.” Liselotte had wanted Rio to remain in Amande so that they could deepen their relationship, but she couldn’t make demands in this situation.</p>

      <p>“I’m sure your hands must be full with the aftermath of the monster attack on Amande, Lady Liselotte. There’s no need for you to push yourself.” Rio shook his head gently.</p>

      <p>“I cannot allow things to settle like that — We are only here now because of your efforts. Rewarding you should be my highest priority,” Liselotte said.</p>

      <p>“Is there anything you desire? To be honest, your merits have been so great, we’ve been having a little trouble determining how to reward you. Of course, Liselotte and I fully intend on rewarding you separately. Whether it is status or money, we will gladly prepare whatever is within our abilities for you. If you have any requests, I’d like to hear them,” Duke Huguenot said smoothly.</p>

      <p>“...” Flora stared at Rio’s face fixedly.</p>

      <p>“I... see.” Rio contemplated for a moment, before speaking up. “In that case, there is one thing I would like to request of Lady Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>“Yes?” Liselotte returned Rio’s gaze directly.</p>

      <p>“If it is possible, could you allow me to participate in the banquet where the heroes are to be introduced?”</p>

      <p>“The banquet where the heroes are to be introduced... The banquet being held at our kingdom’s royal castle. Is that correct? And you want to attend yourself, Sir Haruto?” Taken aback by the unexpected request, Liselotte looked at Rio carefully as she confirmed what he’d said.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I wish to meet Lady Satsuki Sumeragi.” Rio nodded, stating his objective shortly.</p>

      <p>“...May I ask why?”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I know that this is impudent of me, and for that I am most ashamed, but could I ask that you refrain from asking my reason as part of my reward? Of course, I have absolutely no intention of harming the hero in any way, and will explain the situation properly when the right time comes,” Rio said, bowing his head deeply to Liselotte.</p>

      <p>Liselotte paused for a long moment before resolving herself and accepting. “...I understand. It should be possible for you to accompany me when I go.”</p>

      <p>If a person of unclear background was taken to the banquet hosted by the king and queen themselves and caused an issue, everything would fall on Liselotte’s head, which was why requests like Rio’s would normally be out of the question. However, her debt to Rio was equivalently as large as his request was outrageous.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.” Rio bowed his head deeply to Liselotte once more.</p>

      <p>Liselotte shook her head with a cheerful smile. “Not at all. I will eagerly await the time when we can talk more about this.”</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot, who had been watching the exchange between Rio and Liselotte silently, finally spoke up. “...Hmm, it seems like the reward from Liselotte has been decided. Now, may I hear what you request from us?”</p>

      <p>Flora seemed nervous, as her expression was rather stiff as she stared at Rio.</p>

      <p>Rio looked between Duke Huguenot and Flora. “...To be honest, I cannot think of anything at the moment.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. So you’d like hold onto the request for later. Is that correct?” Duke Huguenot asked, confirming the gist of Rio’s statement.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I would be grateful if you could lend me your assistance if I were to need it in the future.”</p>

      <p>“...Understood,” Duke Huguenot nodded with a wry smile, surprised at how indifferent he seemed. Meanwhile, Flora seemed to have an opinion about that, as she was watching Rio with a vexed expression.</p>

      <p>“My reward is also lacking with just an invitation to the banquet. When you need assistance, please rely on what power I have too,” Liselotte offered immediately.</p>

      <p>“I would appreciate that greatly.” Rio smiled warmly.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Two days later...</p>

      <p>It was morning when Rio departed from Amande with Aishia and Celia. At present, they were standing outside the mansion entrance and being sent off. The ones seeing them off were Liselotte, Flora, and Duke Huguenot, along with Hiroaki and Roanna. Furthermore, Aria, Natalie, Cosette, Chloe, and all the attendant ladies of the estate had lined up.</p>

      <p>“Thank you all for everything. To be sent off by so many people is an honor.” Rio bowed once, facing Liselotte and the rest. Behind him, Aishia and Celia, who had their faces hidden by their hoods, bowed similarly.</p>

      <p>Liselotte gave her cheerful words of parting on behalf of everyone present. “We should be the ones thanking you. We shall look forward to seeing you again in a month and a half, on the date that we agreed on.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, thank you very much,” Rio replied with a smile.</p>

      <p>“I would love to talk to you two some more as well, if that is to your liking!” Liselotte said while looking at Aishia and Celia.</p>

      <p>In the end, Aishia and Celia had been shut away in their rooms the entire time so that most of the people in the mansion, including Liselotte, never interacted with them during their stay. There was the fact that Rio hadn’t tried to put the two of them in the spotlight, but with Aishia having close combat abilities on par with Rio and Cecilia being such a remarkable sorcerer, Liselotte’s curiosity was piqued. At the very least, she thought she could venture with a little greed and ask for another opportunity to make contact with them.</p>

      <p>“Yes. If the opportunity arises, then gladly.” Celia nodded amiably with a charming smile. Aishia was silent, but nodded too.</p>

      <p>“...” Most of the men and women standing on Liselotte’s side found their gazes captivated. After all, from what they could see, both Aishia and Celia had beauty that couldn’t normally be seen on an everyday basis. Liselotte and her attendants were also a gathering of beautiful girls, but most of them accepted the fact that they came in second in terms of appearances. The only attendant on par would probably be Aria. Otherwise, there was Flora and Liselotte, followed by Roanna as runner-up. Hiroaki’s mouth was open as he stared at Aishia and Celia in a daze.</p>

      <p><em>...Huh, she looks familiar for some reason?</em> Aria tilted her head in suspicion, watching Celia’s face. Celia seemed to notice her gaze, and her expression grew a bit awkward.</p>

      <p>When Rio realized that too, he urged for their departure. “We will be going now, then.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, please take care. Thank you for everything you have done,” Liselotte said, clutching her skirt gracefully and bowing her head. The attendants behind her all lowered their heads, seeing Rio and the others off.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>