<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="default-style" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" type="text/css"/>

<script xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" type="text/javascript" src="../js/kobo.js"></script>
<style xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" type="text/css" id="koboSpanStyle">.koboSpan { -webkit-text-combine: inherit; }</style>

</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section id="chapter018" class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter">
<p><a id="page-181"></a><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.1.1">I promised I’d bring her some next time I stopped by. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.1.2">I wasn’t sure what to do about sizing it for her, but judging from how Ramiris was already spread out on the sofa and reading manga, I guess I didn’t need to worry… And whoa, there’s Veldora sprawled in bed and doing the same thing. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.1.3">Guess I made him happy. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.1.4">If anyone saw him in here, the solemn majesty of the main chamber would totally go to waste. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.1.5">I really hoped no adventurers would see him like this, as unlikely as that’d be.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.2.1">Well, no need to go overboard. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.2.2">We spent the afternoon getting Veldora’s room in order before wrapping up the day.</span></p>
<p class="space-break1"><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.3.1">One week later—the pace had dropped a bit toward the end—the labyrinth was complete down to the hundredth floor. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.3.2">The interior, as I directed, was made out of blocks whose structure could be altered freely, allowing us to switch the paths around once every few days. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.3.3">This way, even if anyone memorized the way down, they’d have to start all over next time. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.3.4">I’m talking truly demonic difficulty here. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.3.5">Selling maps would be sacrilege, I thought. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.3.6">I wanted this to be a true gauntlet, and this way, it’d be a new quest every time—always fresh, retaining its difficulty, never getting boring.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.4.1">As a kind of fail-safe, I did provide “save points” every tenth floor. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.4.2">It turns out that Spatial Motion was possible in Ramiris’s labyrinths, under certain conditions. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.4.3">This wasn’t affected by the local magicules, amazingly. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.4.4">It made it possible to do things like transport food in and out—super-useful—and it also worked on people, letting them freely travel back to these preset locations. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.4.5">In other words, save points, through and through. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.4.6">Reach one, and you get to start from there next time.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.5.1">It works on your fellow party members, too; you could cheat a little and bring someone below where they’ve been before. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.5.2">There was some debate about that quirk, but I decided to go with it, see how people used (or abused) the feature, and adjust as needed. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.5.3">Besides, even if you cheat your way down a few floors, you’ll still have to deal with the challenge waiting down there. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.5.4">There’s a boss stationed at every level, guardians that work along the lines of the local boss warlords dotted around the Forest of Jura. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.5.5">I was thinking </span><a id="page-182"></a><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.6.1">of making the ones located before save points particularly powerful; if you wanna take </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.7.1">those</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.8.1"> guys down, save points weren’t going to help you.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.9.1">Basically, someone would need to be strong enough to reach a save point in the first place before they could take others down there, so I didn’t think anyone would try anything too stupid with them. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.9.2">If a problem came along, we could always reconsider. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.9.3">We had some nice bonuses in the treasure chests, after all, so I hoped our visitors would try hard to defeat the bosses on each floor.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.10.1">Was it okay for our bosses to kill (or be killed), by the way? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.10.2">Sure, that was another key point. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.10.3">Ramiris’s Mazecraft had the power to revive life itself, resurrecting any adventurers who came into the Dungeon. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.10.4">This could be done only with the subject’s permission, but as long as he or she existed as a consenting part of Ramiris’s realm, it was all good. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.10.5">Ramiris was, in essence, the eternal leader of anything made with Mazecraft. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.10.6">If she was killed, the whole thing would disappear, but otherwise, any of her servants could get revived at a save point, and a “servant” was anyone she had forged a pact with or otherwise agreed to the presence of. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.10.7">I still couldn’t believe the power of this skill.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.11.1">Now I see why she wanted Beretta so bad. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.11.2">Ramiris was no big deal out on the surface, but in </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.12.1">her</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.13.1"> world, she was invincible. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.13.2">It’s just that the invincibility only worked on people who were </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.14.1">part</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.15.1"> of that world. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.15.2">It didn’t work on golems with no free will, including that Elemental Colossus that vanished. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.15.3">Beretta, meanwhile, wasn’t just a puppet—and that meant he was invincible, now that he served Ramiris. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.15.4">She had Treyni, too, now, which made me begin to wonder if I should start worrying about them. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.15.5">Treyni was kind of strong, after all, and if she couldn’t be destroyed, not even Benimaru or Shion could beat her. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.15.6">Beretta and Treyni were still outside, beavering away at the arena construction work, but still…</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.16.1">Thanks to Ramiris’s hard work, the labyrinth was smoothly approaching completion. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.16.2">Once things calmed down a bit, I’d need to talk to her and her servants about keeping the maze defensible. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.16.3">But that’d be later.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.17.1">“Ramiris, did you make the thing I asked for?”</span></p>
<p><a id="page-183"></a><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.18.1">“Oh, this, right? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.18.2">Here it is.”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.19.1">This was a resurrection item.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.20.1">In order to receive the immortal attribute within a Mazecraft world, you needed to give your express permission. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.20.2">But we planned to have tons of people storming in, and if it was open to the general public, it’d be a pain to get everyone’s agreement on paper. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.20.3">Maybe Ramiris could keep track of a small handful of visitors, but if multiple parties were running around at once, she couldn’t keep up.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.21.1">That’s why I asked if there was a disposable item for single-use resurrection purposes. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.21.2">What she gave me now looked like a regular old armlet, knotted together like a friendship bracelet.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.22.1">“Did you check to see if this works?”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.23.1">“Sure did! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.23.2">I tried it out on Beretta last night!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.24.1">“Whoa, what are you </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.25.1">doing</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.26.1"> to him…?”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.27.1">Apparently, Beretta willingly agreed to this, his reasoning being </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.28.1">“I am a demon, so even in the worst case, I will not truly die.”</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.29.1"> I know I asked and all, but this was ridiculous. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.29.2">Thanks to that, however, I knew we had a working bracelet. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.29.3">Treyni had taken Beretta’s core out of his body, and within ten seconds, the corpse was transported out of the Dungeon and fully revived.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.30.1">“Perfect. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.30.2">I appreciate Beretta being brave enough to try it.”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.31.1">Ramiris smiled and nodded. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.31.2">“Oh, yes! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.31.3">This was the first disposable item I ever tried to make, after all. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.31.4">I figured it was possible, but I’m just glad it worked!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.32.1">This was her first time? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.32.2">So what if it </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.33.1">didn’t</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.34.1"> work? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.34.2">I shuddered at the thought. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.34.3">She could’ve at least tested it on animals or something. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.34.4">I wish she wouldn’t be so rash.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.35.1">Regardless, we now had Resurrection Bracelets. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.35.2">Ramiris reported that she’d also prepare return whistles that brought you back to the surface in an emergency. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.35.3">We could sell both of these at the labyrinth entrance—buy them or don’t; it’s your choice. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.35.4">Don’t blame us if you die or get lost down there, though. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.35.5">Me, I’d definitely buy ’em. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.35.6">We could work out the prices we’d charge later, but for now, we were all set.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.36.1">If you think about it, though, these Resurrection Bracelets are just Ramiris’s power in a handy physical form. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.36.2">All it did was put you back at the Dungeon’s entrance in the state you entered it in, </span><a id="page-184"></a><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.37.1">assuming you died within the labyrinth. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.37.2">I think we’d better carefully explain to customers that it wouldn’t revive you just </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.38.1">anywhere</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.39.1"> in the world. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.39.2">Some people out there, you know, it’s in one ear and out the other. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.39.3">If they die outside somewhere because they assumed the wrong thing, that’s their problem—but I’d still feel bad for them, so I ought to make sure I get the message across.</span></p>
<p class="space-break1"><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.40.1">So the basic framework of the Dungeon was complete. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.40.2">Not bad for a single week’s work. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.40.3">I asked Raphael out of curiosity if it could make something like this for me, but:</span></p>
<p class="space-break1"><span class="special"><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.41.1">Report. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.41.2">The subject Ramiris’s intrinsic skill Mazecraft cannot be replicated.</span></em></span></p>
<p class="space-break1"><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.42.1">It sure didn’t take its time providing </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.43.1">that</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.44.1"> answer. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.44.2">No, only Ramiris could do this, and really, I ought to thank her for camping out on my doorstep.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.45.1">“Great job, Ramiris. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.45.2">Now we can finally move on to part two of the plan.”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.46.1">She flitted her wings as she replied, “Hee-hee! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.46.2">Of course! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.46.3">I’m a hard worker when I wanna be, y’know!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.47.1">I turned to Veldora. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.47.2">“Well, sorry this took so long, but I think it’s time for you to let your aura out.”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.48.1">“Ahhh, the time has come, has it? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.48.2">Kwah-ha-ha-ha! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.48.3">I am ready!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.49.1">Yes, the moment was here.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.50.1">The Dungeon had ducts and stairways connecting all one hundred floors to one another. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.50.2">How did they keep things ventilated all the way to the bottom? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.50.3">With magic—and that’s the best answer you can get from me. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.50.4">Maybe we didn’t need those ducts at all, but they were there to ensure magicules would make their way to each floor. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.50.5">And that rush of magicules would happen once Veldora came to that central chamber in Floor 100, assumed his original form, and cut loose.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.51.1">“All right. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.51.2">Here I go. </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.52.1">Hraaahhhh!!</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.53.1">”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.54.1">I didn’t need the theatrical shouting, but I suppose he felt better that way.</span></p>
<p><a id="page-185"></a><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.55.1">Instantly, a spectacularly evil aura engulfed Ramiris and me. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.55.2">I had enclosed us in an Absolute Defense barrier, just in case, but for a moment, it felt like a bomb went off in front of us.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.56.1">“Phew… Sh-sheesh, that was dangerous,” a shaky Ramiris said. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.56.2">“If you didn’t protect me, I might’ve been blown right outta here…”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.57.1">Yeah, that was stronger than I thought. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.57.2">The shock wave was packed with an intense concentration of magicules, easily enough to kill a normal person.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.58.1">“Kwaaaaahhhh-ha-ha-ha! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.58.2">Make way for Veldora!!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.59.1">The boss chamber—er, sorry, Veldora’s underground lair—was pretty large, but with the Storm Dragon back to his normal size, it actually seemed a tad cramped. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.59.2">I hadn’t seen him in dragon form in a while, and the sight was just as stately and magnificent as I recalled.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.60.1">Seriously, if he would just keep his mouth shut, he’d be so </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.61.1">majestic</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.62.1">.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.63.1">“Ahhh, such a relief! </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.63.2">But </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.64.1">oooh</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.65.1">, what an onrush that was. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.65.2">If I did that outdoors, there might have been a little trouble!”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.66.1">He made it sound so casual, but that scenario would’ve been a disaster. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.66.2">And if it was such a “relief,” why were there </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.67.1">still</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.68.1"> magicules coursing out of him?</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.69.1">“W-wow, Master… I didn’t think you’d wreck the labyrinth itself…”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.70.1">Ramiris was right. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.70.2">The explosion had caved in the walls a bit; the internal pressures had been too much to withstand. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.70.3">And this wasn’t even him attacking!</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.71.1">“Guess you really </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.72.1">were</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.73.1"> holding in a lot, weren’t you? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.73.2">Can you maybe, you know, loosen the valve on it a bit now and then, so it doesn’t come to </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.74.1">that</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.75.1"> again?”</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.76.1">That was just the magicules mixed in with the aura blast, after all, and they came in </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.77.1">dense</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.78.1">. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.78.2">Veldora’s total energy count must’ve been off the charts. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.78.3">No wonder releasing it was so dicey. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.78.4">Definitely gotta vent a bit more often than </span><em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.79.1">that</span></em><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.80.1"> from now on.</span></p>
<p><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.81.1">Then I was struck with a brilliant idea. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.81.2">Why don’t we build another room in Floor 100 to serve as storage? </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.81.3">We could put in the iron ore and so on that we get from the mines, then infuse it with magicules to transform it into magisteel ore in a flash. </span><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.81.4">That stuff’s </span><a id="page-187"></a><span xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" class="koboSpan" id="kobo.82.1">worth its weight in gold, far more in demand than regular metal ore, and it could become a huge resource for us.</span></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>