<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter002">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a id="page-13"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter002">CHAPTER 1</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter002">RECONCILIATION AND AGREEMENT</a></h1>
<p class="noindent"><a id="page-15"></a>Things became much, much harder after all that. Getting everything settled was more exhausting for me than fighting Hinata—a fact I made sure remained a closely guarded secret.</p>
<p>What had happened? Well…</p>
<p>.........</p>
<p>......</p>
<p>…</p>
<p>Luminus, the single god worshipped by the Western Holy Church, was none other than the demon lord Valentine. Her real name was Luminus Valentine all along. She had been using a trusted confidant as a stand-in, giving him her name, Valentine, so he could fully play the part of demon lord in her stead. That, of course, was all in the past, now that Veldora had so breezily blown her cover at the last Walpurgis Council.</p>
<p>The Crusaders, the team of paladin knights led by Hinata, stood in opposition to the demon lord Valentine, which earned the Empire the support of the general public. The entire setup was wholly contrived, something Hinata knew all along—but whatever rational sense the arrangement made, why did she go along with it?</p>
<p>“It was out of my hands,” she said, sighing. “Lady Luminus defeated me when I tried to put a stop to things myself. Not that she was much interested in the people’s support in the first place…”</p>
<p><a id="page-16"></a>She must have sensed my skepticism. Reluctant or not, apparently Hinata was incapable of defying Luminus’s will. She did, however, extract a promise from her that no civilians would be harmed in the process. As long as she stuck to that, Hinata was willing to hold up her end of the bargain.</p>
<p>But as the man who was with her then explained, this ploy wasn’t Hinata’s doing in the first place.</p>
<p>“No, I was the one who came up with the plan. My brother Roy was all for it. Lady Luminus had little to do with it, and Hinata was so against it at first that she tried to take us all down. If anyone has an issue with it, they should complain to me, not her.”</p>
<p>This was Louis—the Holy Emperor, as he called himself.</p>
<p>“All right, so…um, Your Majesty? Mr. Emperor?”</p>
<p>He chuckled. “Just Louis is fine, my demon lord.” Even though the paladins were right in front of us, he apparently didn’t have much time for formality. Given how I was a demon lord just like his boss, Luminus, I suppose being casual with people like me came naturally.</p>
<p>Louis then embarked on a recap of recent events, loudly enough for the paladins to hear.</p>
<p>“So the Valentine I met at Walpurgis was your brother?”</p>
<p>“Indeed—my younger twin brother, to be more precise. Unfortunately, it seems he was killed by unknown assailants on the way home from the Council.”</p>
<p>“Huh? Killed?”</p>
<p>He didn’t look or sound too broken up about it, but this news was kind of a surprise. I mean, stand-in or not, that demon lord Valentine was clearly a powerful dude.</p>
<p>“Yes. Roy had a tendency to be overly confident; he must have left himself exposed. The Western Holy Church has many enemies. There are quite a few nations who see the Holy Emperor Lubelius as an eyesore. I imagine one of their assassins must have caught my brother unawares. It’s a great disappointment.”</p>
<p>Despite his lack of grief, Louis didn’t seem wholly unmoved by the loss. Louis was pretty strong, too; I could see that much. But if <a id="page-17"></a>his demon lord–class brother was now dead, he must not have been too optimistic about his own future.</p>
<p>“I’d been enlisting Roy to work with the new recruits lately, for on-the-field training,” said Hinata. “One time, Saare actually managed to overpower him in battle, so he’d clearly been off his game—but we still need to watch out for whoever killed him. Not that any of that matters to you, I assume.”</p>
<p>She had a point. Roy had left hardly any impact on my life at all.</p>
<p>Now, at least, I had a handle on Louis, Valentine, and Luminus, as did the Crusaders listening in on us. This was all news to them, and they were all shocked into silence.</p>
<p>Now Hinata turned to her soldiers. “All right. You all heard us. It wasn’t my intention to deceive you, but I suppose that’s how this worked out, isn’t it?”</p>
<p>“L-Lady Hinata…”</p>
<p>She raised a hand to stop the question before it began. “I couldn’t tell any of you,” she coldly continued. “We needed to have as few people in on the plan as possible. If any of you revealed it, we would’ve been forced to execute you.”</p>
<p><em>Wow. Not mincing words, huh, Hinata?</em></p>
<p>“Heh… Heh-heh! Well, you won’t trick old Arnaud here. The god—or should I say, the demon lord Luminus—threatened you into doing this, didn’t she?”</p>
<p>This Arnaud guy was awfully brash. Hinata, however, swiftly shut him down. “No. I told you—our citizens are under the protection of Lady Luminus. That’s the truth. So I’ve chosen to carry out her will, as long as she remains friendly to humanity. You will not insult her around me, Arnaud.”</p>
<p>She shot her steely-eyed paladin a glare. I could see where this misunderstanding came from. No wonder Shizu had been concerned.</p>
<p>“Hey, now,” I said. “C’mon, Hinata, why don’t you try being a bit kinder? That’s not nearly enough explanation for them.”</p>
<p>“I’m sorry, does this involve you?”</p>
<p>Her glare was on me. Clearly, she wanted me to knock it off.</p>
<p><a id="page-18"></a>“I kind of think it does, doesn’t it? Because it’d be kind of annoying if you guys started infighting with each other here.”</p>
<p>“I don’t need your concern, thanks. Besides—”</p>
<p>“There is no need to worry,” Arnaud said, cutting her off. “You have fully earned our trust, Lady Hinata!”</p>
<p>“Arnaud is right,” his compatriot Renard echoed. “Good demon lord Rimuru, we are led by Lady Hinata, not Luminus. There is no disagreement that could possibly separate us.”</p>
<p>They might’ve all had their own thoughts about it, but none of that trumped the faith they had in Hinata. Having a trust-based relationship really is the most important thing, isn’t it?</p>
<p>“Well, all right,” I said, nodding.</p>
<p>“Besides, after watching <em>that</em>…” Arnaud pointed up, pausing. I knew what he was getting at. There, in the air above, Luminus and Veldora had just engaged in a battle that was nothing short of breathtaking—as much as I wished they hadn’t. I kept everyone on the ground safe through Uriel’s Absolute Defense skill, but they fought over such a large range, I couldn’t say if there’d be any outside casualties. Anyone who had seen Luminus’s ferocious attack would be just as flummoxed as Arnaud.</p>
<p>Frankly:</p>
<p>“Looking at that battle, I can understand how Lady Hinata was defeated.”</p>
<p>“No, she certainly doesn’t call herself a god for show. If she turned her back on humanity, there’d be nothing we could do about it…”</p>
<p>To the Crusaders, the sight of it was far more convincing than any speech I could have given them.</p>
<p>“Well,” Louis said, “there is no need to concern yourselves about that. Lady Luminus is a generous god. She has no interest in tormenting those under her divine protection. Why else has she proven to be so friendly toward the humans who do <em>not</em> try to defy her? Of course, no one here is allowed to divulge her <em>true</em> identity, but…”</p>
<p>Maintaining confidentiality about the whole demon lord thing was top priority to him. It was Veldora who blew her cover anyway, so I saw no reason not to cooperate with that effort. And the other paladins seemed convinced this was a valid thing to do—mainly <a id="page-19"></a>because Hinata wanted it, as far as I could tell. They must have loved her a lot more than I thought.</p>
<p>So I didn’t think I had anything to worry about. Which was good. Because in my eyes, Hinata tended to be too terse, too blunt, too easily misunderstood for her own good—</p>
<p>“Were you thinking something rude about me again?”</p>
<p>“Huh? N-no, I wasn’t…”</p>
<p><em>Does she have ESP or something?! She’s got to be reading my mind…</em></p>
<p class="space-break1"><span class="special"><em>Incorrect. No influence of that sort detected.</em></span></p>
<p class="space-break1"><em>No, Raphael? Then maybe she just has the uncanniest sixth sense ever. Better watch what I’m thinking around her.</em></p>
<p>At that very moment, <em>he</em> came onto the scene—falling at terminal velocity from the sky, of course, and making a small crater on the ground. He stood right back up, though, none the worse for wear, and ran up to me. It was Veldora, obviously, and now he was sidling up behind me, using me as a shield as he glared up at the sky. Ahead of him, up above, I could see a beautiful silver-haired young woman, a mask of rage on her face as she floated in midair.</p>
<p>“R-Rimuru, give that pigheaded woman a piece of your mind! I’m giving her as generous an apology as I can, but she refuses to listen!”</p>
<p>Uh, yeah… Sure. But can you <em>please</em> stop bringing me into this? Seriously.</p>
<p>This time, at least, it was completely Veldora’s fault. Has it never <em>not</em> been, if you think about it? He hadn’t even been resurrected for that long, and already I felt like he’d been a huge thorn in my side.</p>
<p>I had been watching them, but the method Veldora chose for his apology only served to rile up Luminus. She was trying to put her sword away, and then he went off like “Kwah-ha-ha-ha! I had no bad intentions back then. Call it a youthful mistake and forgive me with your most generous of hearts!” That was easily enough to set her off.</p>
<p>“<em>Bring that lizard here</em>,” she ordered me, in a voice that’d make your hair stand on end, as she glared behind me at Veldora in all <a id="page-20"></a>his haughtiness. Frankly, I didn’t want to get on Luminus’s bad side over something like this. I knew exactly how she felt. That was no apology at all. Veldora ought to be taught a lesson over this, I thought. So:</p>
<p>“All right.”</p>
<p>Without hesitation, I grabbed Veldora by the neck and presented him to Luminus.</p>
<p>“Gehh?! Rimuru! You’ve betrayed meeeee!!”</p>
<p>At a time like this, it’s important you get your message across. I needed to make sure everything was crystal clear to everyone about this, if I didn’t want Luminus to have any lingering resentments.</p>
<p>She gave me a surprised look, then let out a smile cold enough to freeze blood. “Yes. I am glad to see, Rimuru, that you possess great senses of perception. Unlike that <em>lizard</em> over there.”</p>
<p>“Oh, it’s nothing that great. But I know he’s been a real thorn in your side this time. If you agree to forgive him afterward, you can feel free to rake him over the coals as much as you like.”</p>
<p>Luminus grinned and nodded.</p>
<p>“Mmm. I will give that some thought.”</p>
<p class="space-break1">That seemed to smooth things over with Luminus well enough. Veldora was shouting things like “Wait! Does—does <em>my</em> opinion not matter at all?!” as she dragged him away, but neither she nor I was paying attention.</p>
<p>“Time to let off all the steam I’ve been building up… Embracing Drain!!”</p>
<p>“Gaaagghghhh!!”</p>
<p>It looked like Luminus was giving Veldora a hug, but there was certainly no sweet sentiment behind it. It was really more of a bear hug, despite the height difference.</p>
<p>You’d think that wouldn’t be enough to hurt Veldora much, but…</p>
<p class="space-break1"><span class="special"><em>Understood. She is absorbing the magical energy from the target, while injecting it with signals of intense pain and discomfort. These signals likely install themselves into the “soul” of the individual until cut off, regardless of Cancel Pain possession.</em></span></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>