<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="copyright">
<h1 class="copyright-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-copyright">Copyright</a></h1>
<p class="copyright-space"><a id="page-ii"></a>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 8</p>
<p class="copyright">FUSE</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Translation by Kevin Gifford</p>
<p class="copyright">Cover art by Mitz Vah</p>
<p class="copyright-space">This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">TENSEI SHITARA SLIME DATTA KEN volume 8</p>
<p class="copyright">© Fuse / Mitz Vah</p>
<p class="copyright">All rights reserved.</p>
<p class="copyright">First published in Japan in 2016 by MICRO MAGAZINE, INC.</p>
<p class="copyright">English translation rights arranged with MICRO MAGAZINE, INC. through Tuttle-Mori Agency, Inc., Tokyo.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">English translation © 2020 by Yen Press, LLC</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen Press, LLC supports the right to free expression and the value of copyright. The purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and artists to produce the creative works that enrich our culture.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without permission is a theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you would like permission to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), please contact the publisher. Thank you for your support of the author’s rights.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen On</p>
<p class="copyright">150 West 30th Street, 19th Floor</p>
<p class="copyright">New York, NY 10001</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Visit us at <a href="http://yenpress.com">yenpress.com</a></p>
<p class="copyright"><a href="http://facebook.com/yenpress">facebook.com/yenpress</a></p>
<p class="copyright"><a href="http://twitter.com/yenpress">twitter.com/yenpress</a></p>
<p class="copyright"><a href="http://yenpress.tumblr.com">yenpress.tumblr.com</a></p>
<p class="copyright"><a href="http://instagram.com/yenpress">instagram.com/yenpress</a></p>
<p class="copyright-space">First Yen On Edition: June 2020</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen On is an imprint of Yen Press, LLC.</p>
<p class="copyright">The Yen On name and logo are trademarks of Yen Press, LLC.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Library of Congress Cataloging.in.Publication Data</p>
<p class="copyrighta">Names: Fuse, author. | Mitz Vah, illustrator. | Gifford, Kevin, translator.</p>
<p class="copyrighta">Title: That time I got reincarnated as a slime / Fuse ; illustration by Mitz Vah ; translation by Kevin Gifford.</p>
<p class="copyrighta">Other titles: Tensei Shitara Slime datta ken. English</p>
<p class="copyrighta">Description: First Yen On edition. | New York : Yen ON, 2017–</p>
<p class="copyrighta">Identifiers: LCCN 2017043646 | Identifiers: LCCN 2017043646 | ISBN 9780316414203 (v. 1 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975301118 (v. 2 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975301132 (v. 3 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975301149 (v. 4 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975301163 (v. 5 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975301187 (v. 6 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975301200 (v. 7 : pbk.) | ISBN 9781975312992 (v. 8 : pbk.)</p>
<p class="copyrighta">Subjects: GSAFD: Fantasy fiction.</p>
<p class="copyrighta">Classification: LCC PL870.S4 T4613 2017 | DDC 895.63/6—dc23</p>
<p class="copyrighta">LC record available at https://lccn.loc.gov/2017043646</p>
<p class="copyright-space">ISBNs: 978-1-9753-1299-2 (paperback)</p>
<p class="copyright">978-1-9753-1300-5 (ebook)</p>
<p class="copyright-space">E3-20200519-JV-NF-ORI</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>