<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—EIGHTY-SIX, Vol. 11: Dies Passionis</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:c6cf3b07-b1e5-4230-8610-638d1c6683e3" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix001">
<h1 class="appendix-title"><a id="page-265"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix001">AFTERWORD</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">I want to watch a meteor shower.</p>
<p>Hello, everyone, this is Asato Asato. There’s actually a model the meteor shower from Volume 1 is based on. I wish I could see a meteor shower on that scale someday. And while that wasn’t the reason, Volume 11 opens with a continental-tier shower of stars. So yes, thank you very much! This is <em>86—Eighty-Six, Vol. 11: Dies Passionis</em>!</p>
<p class="space-break">• &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Chief of Staff Willem</p>
<p>He’s the cast member whose duties deal with information analysis the most, so I decided to drag his name through the mud this time. Actually, a lot of the war crimes he’s charged with were actually perpetrated by people who were ranked higher than him. In all likelihood, some bigwig in the central joint chiefs of staff tried to take responsibility for that by committing suicide…only to be stopped by those around them.</p>
<p class="bl-list">• &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Spin Load</p>
<p>A really cool reload technique that one can do with lever-action firearms. I actually had Shiden’s unit be a shotgun configuration specifically so I could write a scene about this, and it finally panned out!</p>
<p class="space-break1">Lastly, some thanks.</p>
<p>To Tabata, the new editor in charge of me starting with this volume. On our very first meeting, you came up with this really devilish proposal that increased how hellish this volume was. I was actually a bit scared…</p>
<p>To the editors in charge of me, Kiyose and Tsuchiya. During the plotting stages, we said that Volume 11 would be a little thinner, but <a id="page-266"></a>once I got to writing it, it actually turned out to be a bit bulkier than usual…</p>
<p>To Shirabii. Major General Altner got his cover-art debut! And Shin and Lena holding hands against that savage background is simply wonderful!</p>
<p>To I-IV. The Dinosauria’s new configuration is as ominous as it is lethal. It’s great!</p>
<p>To Yoshihara and Yamasaki. The manga versions of the Republic and Federacy arcs are on sale now. Congratulations!</p>
<p>To Somemiya. Congratulations on <em>86—Operation High School</em>’s serialization! And thank you for handling the Blu-ray bonus magical-girl spin-off, too!</p>
<p>To Shinjou. The <em>Fragmental Neoteny</em> manga finally introduced Fido! It’s so cute!</p>
<p>To Director Ishii. By the time this novel comes out, the countdown to the airing of the anime’s second part will have begun! I’m so excited for it!</p>
<p>And lastly, to everyone who picked up this book. Ever since Raiden’s words in Volume 1, Chapter 4, I was preparing myself to write the contents of Volume 11. Do watch over the choice that the “other” Eighty-Six took and where their rivalry with Shin and the Strike Package will take them.</p>
<p>In any case, I hope that for even a short moment, I could take you all to what lies under that indifferent, beautiful, blue, blue sky.</p>
<p class="ca">Music playing while writing this afterword: <br/>“Hotel California” by the Eagles</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>