<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—EIGHTY-SIX, Vol. 11: Dies Passionis</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:c6cf3b07-b1e5-4230-8610-638d1c6683e3" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter013">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter013">10.4</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter013">D-DAY PLUS THREE</a></h1>
<p class="noindent"><a id="page-69"></a>With the front lines having fallen back to the depths of the combat territories, signs of the fighting reached as far as Rüstkammer base, which sat between the combat and the agricultural territories.</p>
<p>The nearby town was issued an evacuation notice, since it could end up being involved in the coming fighting. At the same time, public facilities like schools, community centers, and theaters were opened to allow the Wulfsrin a place to evacuate to.</p>
<p>And that also applied to the special officer school building and dorms made for Raiden and the other Eighty-Six.</p>
<p>“…Is this really all right, though?”</p>
<p>If this town was in such danger that its citizens had to be evacuated deeper into the country, why have the Wulfsrin take cover there?</p>
<p>“Well, that’s just what life’s like for us.”</p>
<p>Raiden turned around, finding Bernholdt was the one who’d said that.</p>
<p>“…That beastmen thing again?” Raiden snorted out.</p>
<p>The people of the battlefield who spent their lives in war were scorned by the ordinary, peaceful citizens.</p>
<p>“Ah, no, not that… It’s just that they’re going to serve as reserves in case things go south,” Bernholdt said and, upon seeing Raiden’s questioning glance, shrugged. “The Wulfsrin are beastmen cubs, too. <a id="page-70"></a>Defending the border is our born purpose. Once they unpack and settle down, they’ll start independent training. The women and the kids, even the retired old men and hags.”</p>
<p>With the front lines on the retreat and many soldiers dead, they would voluntarily step up to fill the void.</p>
<p>Glancing at the nearby town with his cold, golden gaze, Bernholdt spoke.</p>
<p>“The ones coming here are from our village or bloodline. They’ll probably be pretty well-trained by the time we’ll need them, so I’ll introduce ’em to you and the captain later. Assume you’ll be working with them before long.”</p>
<p class="space-break2">Three days had passed since every front on humankind’s sphere of influence was bombarded by the satellite missiles. And as they all expected, the Strike Package was finally ordered to deploy.</p>
<p>Lena and Shin sat with an office desk between them, their expressions stern as neither of them could mask their emotions upon seeing the contents of the mission. They were in Lena’s office in the Rüstkammer’s base’s barracks, and they each had the necessary information, both in their hands and projected as a hologram over the desk.</p>
<p>Lena groaned, her fair brow furrowed. She expected them to be sent deep into the Legion territories to destroy the Mass Drivers, but…</p>
<p>“…It looks like we’re in for even a tougher mission than that.”</p>
<p>“Supporting the Federacy relief expedition’s retreat from the Republic…” Shin read the mission outline. “Maintain a retreat path for four hundred kilometers south along the old high-speed railway until the Strike Package and expedition forces both successfully retreat.”</p>
<p>Since the Charité Underground Labyrinth operation six months ago, the Federacy relief expedition force had been deployed in the Republic. They’d been gradually pulling out as the months went by, but they were still a pretty large force consisting of several brigades.</p>
<p>There were over fifty thousand personnel, with seven hundred combat and transport vehicles, including Vánagandrs. Counting all the <a id="page-71"></a>equipment, fuel, and raw materials they would be carrying, the sheer mass of the group was tantamount to moving an entire city—across a long distance of four hundred kilometers.</p>
<p>Supporting that kind of endeavor was much easier said than done.</p>
<p>“Even if a number of support personnel, the military police brigade’s personnel, and some of the infantry will be going via train, it’s still going to be difficult. Transport trucks can’t move quickly across unpaved roads, and the armored personnel carriers and Vánagandrs are going to require fuel transport trucks. Feldreß aren’t built to move for as far as four hundred kilometers without maintenance stops, and it’d take us a while just to cross that distance. So if any battle breaks out…”</p>
<p>Vánagandrs were capable of outputting a cruising speed approaching one hundred kilometers per hour, but to compensate for being able to move fifty tonnes of combat weight at such velocities, they were extremely inefficient when it came to fuel. They absolutely needed an escort of fuel transport trucks, which meant they couldn’t move at their maximal speed to cross those four hundred kilometers as quickly as possible. After all, those trucks were both sluggish and unarmed, meaning they needed to be protected.</p>
<p>In addition to that, the transport trucks they’d need to rely on to ferry supplies were weak and slow vehicles by comparison, meaning the Feldreß would need to match their speed, holding up the whole queue. Not just that, but the expedition force also had too many supplies for the trucks to deliver in one trip, which meant that the trucks would need to make multiple round trips at that slow pace.</p>
<p>“The expedition hasn’t sent their retreat plan in yet, but we’re building our current retreat plan while assuming they’ll be discarding low-priority equipment,” Shin said. “Or rather, we’re expecting them to just bring back their personnel and vehicles. I don’t mean to offend, Lena, but I think the most precious resource the Federacy needs right now is people. Both ethically and practically speaking.”</p>
<p>“…Yes.” Lena nodded.</p>
<p>The Federacy was a superpower with vast territory, meaning that they could mine and replenish assorted resources. So while they couldn’t <a id="page-72"></a>very well discard Vánagandrs, vehicles, armored exoskeletons, or firearms, they could afford leaving behind barracks and the like with all their utensils and fixtures behind.</p>
<p>By contrast, there was no replacing dead people. Even ignoring the moral implications, humankind was among the slowest mammals when it came to the amount of time it took a newborn reach reproductive age, requiring between one to two decades. The Federacy was already in a situation where they were forced to rely on some child soldiers to keep up their ranks; they couldn’t afford to let soldiers die needlessly.</p>
<p>“So if all we have to do is support the expedition force’s retreat, it’ll be tough, but I think we can manage that much. With the Legion’s main force locked in a stalemate with the western front’s army, there won’t be that many Legion left in the territories. The southern high-speed rail was a spot we captured and restored in the Morpho elimination operation last year, so we have updated maps on hand. So long as the slowest in the group, the infantrymen and the transport trucks, can reach the Federacy, the Reginleifs can quickly escort the Vánagandrs back and return to pick them up.</p>
<p>“At least, so long as nothing as persistent as the Phönix doesn’t pop up,” Shin appended in something of a joke. The Phönix were opponents Shin had quite the history with, but since they lacked projectile weapons, they were weak in open battlefields where they could be exposed to surface suppression. They were lightweight and thinly armored, meaning that they were perhaps more durable than infantry but still quite frail. Shin made that remark knowing that it wasn’t likely they’d be put into use on this battlefield.</p>
<p>“Except…” Shin sighed lightly. “Helping the expedition force retreat is our first priority, but even though it’s just our second priority…supporting the entirety of the Republic’s population retreat… That one might be hard.”</p>
<p>Citing a lack of defensive facilities and an insufficient military force to defend their territory as their reasons, the Republic’s new government appealed to the Federacy to accept the evacuation of all its citizens. The Federacy assented to the request, out of humanitarian reasons.</p>
<p><a id="page-73"></a>This would be a transport operation of unprecedented scale, using the high-speed railway after the expedition force’s personnel retreated. Since this was a railway track, they’d have to rely on freight trains, which would have to make multiple round trips, day and night, in order to deliver all the Republic refugees to their destination.</p>
<p>Even with last year’s large-scale offensive whittling the Republic’s population to less than a tenth of its size, this was still an entire country with several million people. Even if the expedition force was to discard everything but its most essential supplies and give up most of their train space to accommodate.</p>
<p>“Do you think it’s possible?” Lena asked.</p>
<p>“We’ll be able to maintain a defensive line for seventy-two hours at best. If everything goes smoothly and according to plan—from the assignment and order of the trains’ departure, and assuming everyone boards and disembarks the trains fast enough—we could just barely make it. But if any unexpected setbacks happen, making that seventy-two-hour time limit would be difficult, and we’d be dealing with untrained citizens who’d need to do this right without any preparation. And I’m guessing some people would be opposed to the evacuation either way.”</p>
<p>“There have been some weird statements flying around…” Lena nodded, her eyes distant.</p>
<p>People had been claiming that the war was a conspiracy by the Republic military, or the government, or that the Federacy or the United Kingdom were behind it all.</p>
<p>Back in the first large-scale offensive, people were throwing around utterly absurd theories about how this war was all a conspiracy by underground lizard people who controlled the other countries and the Legion behind the scenes. Having people chant those theories like gospel was harmless and did no real damage on its own, but hearing about it after the fact filled Lena with a strange sort of weariness.</p>
<p>Why lizards?</p>
<p>“But, and I might be coming across as a broken record here, figuring that out is the Republic government’s job, not the Strike Package’s. Our <a id="page-74"></a>mission is still maintaining the retreat route, and the Republic’s retreat shouldn’t influence it. Assuming no one’s stupid enough to jump off the train, that is.”</p>
<p>Of course, jumping off a high-speed train moving at three hundred kilometers per hour was a feat of stupidity that was rare even among the dumbest of humans. That comment was Shin’s attempt at humor.</p>
<p>While Lena was wondering if laughing would be appropriate, Shin carried on indifferently.</p>
<p>“That said, this is all just something we’re doing on the side while helping the Federacy forces retreat. Anyone who doesn’t make it in time is out of our hands.”</p>
<p>But after saying that, Shin looked like he realized he’d just misspoken.</p>
<p>“—Sorry. I shouldn’t have said that to you, Lena.”</p>
<p>Shin cared nothing for the Republic, but to Lena, this was her homeland. What he’d just said was something she didn’t need to hear now, when her country was teetering on the brink of destruction. Lena, however, forced herself to smile and shook her head.</p>
<p>“It’s fine. I’ve been prepared for this a long time ago.”</p>
<p>Lena did see the Republic as the homeland she was born and raised in. She didn’t want to see it perish. Being a citizen of the Republic was part of her identity, and the Republic disappearing off the face of the earth was tantamount to losing a part of herself. And yet…</p>
<p>“This actually isn’t the first time the Republic’s been destroyed, after all.”</p>
<p>It had been on the verge of destruction since long ago.</p>
<p>Since she became the Spearhead squadron’s Handler, and Shin, whom she hadn’t met face-to-face at the time, told her about the coming of the large-scale offensive. Her homeland was closing its eyes to reality, shutting itself off in a sweet, shallow dream, refusing to protect itself. The Republic had made no effort to protect itself to begin with.</p>
<p>Even when she warned of the coming calamity, no one heeded her call, and the country clung to the wishful thinking that they could keep on forcing someone else to fight their battles for them until the war resolved itself.</p>
<p><a id="page-75"></a>And that belief led to that country’s destruction.</p>
<p>On the night of the large-scale offensive last year, the Morpho shattered the Gran Mur, and in the blink of an eye, the mechanical ghosts ransacked the eighty-five Sectors once touted as humankind’s final paradise.</p>
<p>At the time, Lena never believed they’d be given any aid. Some part of her heart was prepared and resigned to accept the fact that they’d simply be wiped out.</p>
<p>And yet she didn’t feel like she was at fault for not saving the Republic.</p>
<p>The same held true now. In the face of a large-scale offensive, the Federacy unexpectedly extended a helping hand. The Eighty-Six had left the Eighty-Sixth Sector, and the reality that the Republic had to fight its own battles was thrust before its eyes.</p>
<p>So if the Republic was to refuse to fight despite that, then let them perish. Lena would be sad to accept such an ending to her homeland, but it would only be a natural conclusion. Lena had decided she would fight to the bitter end and left her homeland behind because she chose to live her life in a way she wouldn’t be ashamed of. She chose a new battlefield; she chose the Strike Package.</p>
<p>And when she left, she did so while being prepared for this conclusion—that her country, which refused to move on, would perish in its insistence. She silently told herself that this wouldn’t be her fault.</p>
<p>The values upheld by the Republic capital’s lofty name, Liberté et Égalité—freedom and equality. They chose, as part of their freedom, not to protect themselves, and the only ones responsible for the outcome of that was them. The Republic’s citizens prided themselves on the fact that all were equal—and everyone was their own master.</p>
<p>So while she did feel sad to see her country fall, she also knew it would be conceited of her to think the fault for not saving it lay solely with her. This wasn’t her cross to bear.</p>
<p>“Besides, right now, we don’t have the time to be saying that,” she said.</p>
<p>“…Right you are.” Shin smiled faintly. “For now, let’s put aside all our reservations. Both of us.”</p>
<p><a id="page-76"></a>“Yes.”</p>
<p>Despite being persecuted by the Republic, Shin and the Eighty-Six would save it. Even if Lena felt any kind of guilt or reservation about that, now wasn’t the time or the occasion to show it. Doing so would only be offensive to Shin and the Eighty-Six.</p>
<p>“But still, with all that in mind, I want you to stay on base for this mission—here in the Federacy.”</p>
<p>“I’ll get mad at you, Shin,” Lena said with a frown.</p>
<p>“I knew you’d say that, but…Lena, you’re a Republic officer.”</p>
<p>Shin just said something that was quite obvious. Lena stared at him with round eyes. What was he implying?</p>
<p>“Evacuating all of the Republic’s citizens would, honestly speaking, be very difficult. They don’t even have a consensus on whether they want to evacuate yet. So…consider the situation changing during the operation, like if they decide to hole themselves up and insist on staying in the Republic. Imagine what would happen if Republic soldiers ordered them to do so.”</p>
<p>What if there was an early setback in the evacuation, and all the citizens ended up being left behind? What if patriots or nationalists, who would frown upon relying on a foreign power for help—like the Bleachers—tried to take advantage of the chaos to usurp political power and order a do-or-die resistance?</p>
<p>“It would still be an official military order. And you, Lena—as a Republic soldier, you would have to obey. But if you stay in the Federacy, even if that happened, at worst, you’d be able to say you never got the orders. But…”</p>
<p>Lena wouldn’t be able to say that if she was in the Republic.</p>
<p>Even if she didn’t obey such an order, it would put a fatal blot on her career in the form of insubordination and desertion under enemy fire. And desertion was seen as severe enough a crime to justify gunning a deserter down on the spot.</p>
<p>If that happened, Lena would never be able to return to the Republic again.</p>
<p><a id="page-77"></a>But Lena simply regarded him with a bothered smile, like she was admonishing a younger brother throwing a tantrum.</p>
<p>“Shin, you know what they’re like. The Republic, its citizens, its army.”</p>
<p>For ten years, they shut themselves away, pushing their own national defense onto the Eighty-Six.</p>
<p>“Even after everything that happened, they still have no will to fight. That’s why the Bleachers can order them around. We can bet on it if you want; the military won’t do anything but run away the first chance they get, from the highest officer to the lowliest soldier.”</p>
<p><em>So I’ll be fine.</em></p>
<p>The Republic military would never issue orders to resist to the bitter end or hole up.</p>
<p>Shin remained silent for a moment.</p>
<p>“…I can agree to the bet part, but…,” he said, still seeming displeased. “But as for the rest, we need to be prepared for the worst… During the operation, I want you to stay in the unit maintaining the route and outside the Republic’s sphere. We can’t let them know you’re there.”</p>
<p><em>I won’t let them take you away from me.</em></p>
<p>Feeling her boyfriend’s possessive…or rather, overly worried response, Lena chuckled. Either way, her armored command vehicle, Vanadis, was too sluggish to be used in this operation, so unless she told them she was there, the Republic wouldn’t be aware of her presence.</p>
<p>“…Fine. I’ll give you that much.”</p>
<p>It felt like if she didn’t compromise, there would be no end to the boy’s sulking.</p>
<p class="space-break2">“As you know, we’ll have to stay behind at the base. So if there’s any work you need doing, pass it on to us. If it’s just office work, you could simply let us know via transmission.”</p>
<p>Hearing this prince from a neighboring country tell her that, <a id="page-78"></a>Grethe bowed her head thankfully. To him, and the United Kingdom as a whole, the Republic was a diminutive faction not worthy of their attention. In which case, the ones this serpent prince was worrying about were Shin, Lena, and the child soldiers of the Strike Package. And that was something Grethe was infinitely grateful for.</p>
<p>“We greatly appreciate your consideration, Your Highness.”</p>
<p>“Don’t mention it. In exchange, as it were, I’d like for you to get me permission to use the maneuvering grounds while you’re gone. And if possible, lend Aegis to me, too.”</p>
<p>Grethe stared at Vika, and her eyes met those of Olivia, who was also glancing at Vika. The prince shrugged, exposed to both of their stares.</p>
<p>“Since we can’t expect supplies from the United Kingdom, I’ll need to examine the existing Sirins’ combat abilities. If their degree of mastery stops here, they won’t last in a battle that’s almost bound to consume them. Having them practice against someone who uses high-speed combat like they do would be a major help.”</p>
<p>“I see. Roger that, then…” Olivia raised his eyebrows in a joking manner. “Does this settle our debt, Your Highness?”</p>
<p>“Indeed it does. It was a costly one, no?” Vika met his joke with a jest of his own.</p>
<p>“I’m jealous,” Grethe said, picking up on their jiving mood. “If the situation wasn’t what it was, I’d have asked you to coach me, too.”</p>
<p>Olivia and Vika both fell silent for a moment. The person before them was a woman, a colonel, a commanding officer…and when all was said and done, their brigade commander.</p>
<p>Vika, who commanded an entire military front, did the same thing, but his father was the king of the United Kingdom, which valued militarism. It was his duty to stand on the front lines. But someone who was neither royalty nor a former noble—and a colonel in the Federal Republic?</p>
<p>“Colonel Wenzel, I’m only confirming to make sure I understood properly, but…are you really going to pilot a Reginleif in this operation, too?”</p>
<p class="space-break2"><a id="page-79"></a>“This probably goes without saying, Frederica, but you can’t join us on this operation no matter what,” Kurena said with a stern expression, her hands resting on her waist.</p>
<p>“I’ll make sure to tell Fido to not let you sneak in this time. You stay behind and watch the fort this time. Understood, Frederica?” Anju only had her hands folded and spoke with a smile, but somehow, she managed to be much scarier than Kurena was.</p>
<p>Frederica was a past offender with a history of sneaking onto do-or-die operations, after all. The girl puffed up her cheeks grumpily. Fido, which was hiding behind her, was quite visibly shaking and let out a small, nervous “<em>Pi…</em>” Even Kurena could understand it was trying to say <em>Of course I wouldn’t!</em> The shaking was probably its version of how a human would nod nervously.</p>
<p>“You better remember this, Fido!” Kurena pointed an index finger fixedly at Fido’s optical sensor. “If you don’t do what we say, we’ll have Shin scold you a lot. Actually, no, if you do that, we won’t let you join us on any more operations!”</p>
<p>“<em>Pi</em><em>…?</em><em>!</em>” This time, the Scavenger waved its sensor unit left and right repeatedly.</p>
<p>Anju and Kurena nodded, satisfied.</p>
<p>“I will not—”</p>
<p>“Of course, this is because it’s a dangerous battle, too, but…you still have a role to play, Frederica,” Kurena said.</p>
<p>Frederica looked up with a start at Kurena, who nodded back at her. Her role. Frederica’s role was, of course, shutting down the Legion as the Empress Augusta. Up until just a few days ago, this was the counteroffensive Operation Overlord’s secret and greatest objective, as well as Frederica’s, the five of theirs, and indeed all humankind’s greatest wish—to end the war.</p>
<p>In those brief words, Kurena made it clear she hadn’t given up on that chance.</p>
<p>“Kurena…,” Frederica muttered.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>