<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—EIGHTY-SIX, Vol. 11: Dies Passionis</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:c6cf3b07-b1e5-4230-8610-638d1c6683e3" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter005">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter005">9.30</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter005">D-DAY MINUS ONE</a></h1>
<p class="noindent"><span class="special2-1">&lt;&lt;No Face to all integrated-network commander units.&gt;&gt;</span></p>
<p>He stood to the west of the Federacy, his former enemy nation, and to the east of his homeland, the Republic of San Magnolia. Standing in what was now Legion territory, the Legion Shepherd, designation: No Face, spoke.</p>
<p>He called out to the core of the integrated network—the most high-ranking and largest of the Legion’s leadership, the section-leader-tier commander units that governed over every and all Legion units sweeping across the continent. The commanders of the murder machines, who handled operations on a continent-wide scale.</p>
<p><span class="special2-1">&lt;&lt;All phases of intelligence-masking operation, codenamed Operation Neville, concluded.&gt;&gt;</span></p>
<p>He had his misgivings when <em>she</em> was captured, but it did not influence their efforts to temporarily mask their tactics toward the Federacy.</p>
<p>With his quasi-nervous system made up of Liquid Micromachines, No Face coldly made his decision. The commander unit of the anti-United Kingdom front, identifier: Mistress. Original name: Zelene Birkenbaum. It was clear that she’d been made into a source of intelligence after being captured. Mistress being taken prisoner was without a doubt the reason the Federacy and its allies had grown warier in their investigations.</p>
<p><a id="page-22"></a>It was like they were searching for something. Or perhaps dreading something.</p>
<p>And so the Legion presented them with visible, palpable threats they would be forced to dispose of. Like the Schwertwal that appeared on the Fleet Countries’ coasts. Or the mass-produced High-Mobility types. Or Ferdinand, which was built on the blank region to the far west.</p>
<p>They made it seem as if those were all trump cards for their next large-scale offensive. In truth, every one of them is a red herring.</p>
<p><span class="special2-1">&lt;&lt;No Face to all integrated-network commander units, as well as all units under the first wide-area network.&gt;&gt;</span></p>
<p>He called out to the integrated network—to the commander units who controlled every Legion unit across the continent, who handled operations on a continent-wide scale. In other words… During the large-scale offensive No Face kicked off last summer, hundreds of thousands of Legion units were deployed to exterminate humankind. And this operation exceeded it in scale.</p>
<p class="space-break1"><span class="special2-1">&lt;&lt;Operation Dies Irae will now commence.&gt;&gt;</span></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>