<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—EIGHTY-SIX, Vol. 11: Dies Passionis</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:c6cf3b07-b1e5-4230-8610-638d1c6683e3" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter007">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter007">10.1</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter007">D-DAY</a></h1>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a001"><a id="page-25"></a>00:17 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Multiple projectiles impact the Federal Republic of Giad’s second southern front, in areas under the deployment of the 18th Armored Corps. Contact with the 18th Corps’ HQ cut off. Counter-artillery and counterbattery radar recalculate the trajectory of the attack as having arrived from <em>directly above</em> the combat area.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a002">00:22 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Multiple projectiles from directly above the combat area impact the Regicide Fleet Countries’ defensive lines.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a003">00:25 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Multiple projectiles from directly above the combat area impact the Federal Republic of Giad’s first and second northern lines, as well as the first southern line.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a004"><a id="page-26"></a>00:29 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Multiple projectiles from directly above the combat area impact the Alliance of Wald’s eastern front.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a005">00:31 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Multiple projectiles from directly above the combat area impact the United Kingdom of Roa Gracia’s southern front.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a006">00:34 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Reports of bombardment from directly above the combat area arrive from the continent’s south, ranging from the Grand Duchy of Qitira to the Alliance of Wald.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a007">00:51 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">The Federacy’s western front headquarters issues a retreat order to all fronts. All reserve forces are instructed to deploy at reserve formations. Likewise, the eastern front headquarters, as well as the first, second, and third northern and the first, second, third, and fourth southern front headquarters issue retreat orders to their respective units and emergency deployment orders to their reserves.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a008">04:45 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Multiple projectiles from directly above the combat area impact the Holy Theocracy of Noiryanaruse’s northern front.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a009"><a id="page-27"></a>11:08 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Multiple projectiles from directly above the combat area impact the Federacy’s eastern front.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a010">11:55 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Multiple projectiles from directly above the combat area impact the Federacy’s third and fourth northern fronts as well as the third and fourth southern fronts.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a011">12:11 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Legion forces across the Federacy’s second southern front are observed to begin offensive maneuvers. In the fifteen minutes that follow, reports of Legion aggression across all fronts and countries begin to come in.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a012">12:24 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Federacy military opens combat. Bombardment from directly above the battlefield continues. Present units begin prolonged fighting while reserve units commence interdiction fire. The main force continues its retreat.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a013">15:06 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Last confirmed bombardment from above the battlefield. No similar bombardments are reported or observed following this point. Legion offensive continues.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a014"><a id="page-28"></a>16:11 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">The Regicide Fleet Countries’ final defensive line falls.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a015">18:47 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Communications severed with the Holy Theocracy of Noiryanaruse and far-western countries.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a016">18:59 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">The Alliance of Wald abandons its first defensive line and retreats to its second defensive line.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a017">19:26 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">Communications severed with the Grand Duchy of Qitira and the southern coast countries.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a018">21:33 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">The United Kingdom of Roa Gracia abandons the Dragon Corpse mountain range, falls back to reserve formation on the foot of the mountain, and commences construction of its defensive line along the southern plains.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a019">21:49 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">The Federal Republic of Giad’s third northern front successfully retreats to a reserve defensive line’s area.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a020"><a id="page-29"></a>22:54 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">All Federacy fronts successfully halt Legion advance.</p>
<h1 class="sect1" id="a021">23:49 (Federacy standard time)</h1>
<p class="noindent">All Federacy fronts bring fighting to a stalemate in reserve defensive lines.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>