<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>86—EIGHTY-SIX, Vol. 11: Dies Passionis</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:c6cf3b07-b1e5-4230-8610-638d1c6683e3" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter015">
<p><a id="page-81"></a>“So you can’t come. You’ve got your work cut out for you somewhere else, so you have to stay put this time.”</p>
<p>“We do want to go to the sea this summer, after all,” Anju mused aloud. “I’d like to try swimming.”</p>
<p>A year ago, during the Morpho subjugation operation, Frederica followed them into battle despite the danger, but now they could see she’d done it for lack of a choice. At the time, Shin was wandering in search of a place to die. And the rest of them were likely doing the same, albeit on a more unconscious level. The idea of a future, a future outside the battlefield, was one they couldn’t bear to consider.</p>
<p>Frederica had been worried about them. And it only made sense that the Federacy’s soldiers, who did have families to return to and futures to aspire for, feared them so much. It was only natural they couldn’t trust them.</p>
<p>But now they could tell.</p>
<p><em>We’ve changed.</em></p>
<p>“We don’t need a hostage to make sure we return. We’ll come back on our own.”</p>
<p>“So, Frederica, we need you to watch the fort. So that when we return, you’ll be there to greet and tell us we did a good job.”</p>
<p class="space-break2">Lena was the daughter and sole survivor of the House Milizé, a distinguished, former noble family in the Republic, an elite colonel dispatched to the Federacy in the Republic’s name, and a guest officer in the Federacy military.</p>
<p>In other words, she would be the first person whom former nobles or distinguished members of the Republic would turn to when it came to evacuating to the Federacy.</p>
<p>They asked that she use her connections with the Federacy military and the Republic government so that not only they and their families, but their extended families and friends could also get first priority to evacuate. Or that she especially prepare means of transportation for all <a id="page-82"></a>their household assets. Or that she make sure that they got on board before another household, or else their family’s honor wouldn’t stand for it. Or that she get in touch with a former Imperial family they used to have connections with.</p>
<p>Surely, you will take that into consideration, won’t you? Please arrange this and that and such and such for me.</p>
<p>She got a constant stream of similar requests from both people whose family she was acquainted with, as well as people she’d never met before. And this was right before the operation, meaning she was so busy she couldn’t possibly get around to actually drafting the plan.</p>
<p>All those requests were selfish to an almost refreshing extent. All of them were high-society people, and most of them were influential figures within the Republic. They were important enough that ignoring them could strain future relations between the Republic and the Federacy. And after nine years of severed communications, the Federacy didn’t know who was important and necessitated special “consideration,” meaning that making those calls of judgment fell to Lena.</p>
<p>To top it off, the Federacy military asked her which groups and influential persons weren’t to be placed together when accepting the refugees, which only added to Lena’s paperwork and workload.</p>
<p>As such, when Vika spotted Lena wobbling through the corridor, visibly exhausted from lack of sleep, he called out to her.</p>
<p>“Are you all right, Milizé? Do you want me to give you something that’s stronger than prescription drugs?”</p>
<p>“You’ve got something that good on you?!” Lena turned to look at him, her eyes positively sparkling with excitement.</p>
<p>“…I was joking.” Vika sighed deeply. “You’re doing even worse than you look.”</p>
<p>Drugs to temporarily alleviate fatigue were sometimes given to soldiers in cases where fighting for many consecutive hours was unavoidable. However, those were extremely powerful drugs that required a prescription from a military doctor. This meant that any drugs more powerful than that were certainly not something one should happily consume. And Lena would normally know that.</p>
<p><a id="page-83"></a>“If you’re too groggy to even realize that, I’d hate to think what it would do to your work efficiency. Get some rest.”</p>
<p>TP the cat chose this opportune moment to peek out, prompting Vika to pick it up and hand it to Lena to serve in place of a heating stone. He then pushed Lena into her room. Waiting inside was Lena’s adjutant, Second Lieutenant Perschmann, who led her to her bed. Vika could hear the sound of her bedroom door closing.</p>
<p>“I did assume she might be tired, but it seems she’s very much past that point,” Lerche, who stood behind him, commented.</p>
<p>“I do understand that there’s no chance to clear any free time, but letting her handle all the Republic’s appeals…? Since the Federacy can’t afford to be considerate of her, it falls to us to do it for them.”</p>
<p>Vika’s regiment and Olivia’s instruction unit would not be participating in the coming operation, meaning they had the time to manage matters. Zashya and Olivia handled the soldiers’ mental health, and their countries’ current situations would become clear as the operation went on.</p>
<p>Lena and the Eighty-Six, however, would be participating in the operation, meaning they didn’t have that kind of time.</p>
<p>“She seems detached enough for now, but it would be for the best if we didn’t give her any extra work. We need to keep her busy enough to stay distracted but give her enough time to rest, too.”</p>
<p>“After all, the Republic’s in the most unnatural position. They weren’t hit by any satellite missiles, and the Legion’s offensive on their territory is lax. It’s like they’re holding back from wiping it out.”</p>
<p>“Yes. They must have a reason for doing so. Nouzen and Milizé surely know this, too.” Vika sighed tiredly.</p>
<p>Surely, the Federacy truly didn’t have any breathing room left. They left saving the dying Republic to child soldiers like the Eighty-Six and a Republic officer like Lena of all people, and they didn’t even give them any time to gather their bearings.</p>
<p>So within all this, they had to make sure they had some leeway.</p>
<p>“We need to maintain enough breathing room to make sure we can deal with contingencies.”</p>
<p class="space-break2"><a id="page-84"></a>Meanwhile, Annette, the survivor of the Penrose family—who were former Imperial nobles before they migrated to the Republic—was also bombarded with letters requesting that she act as an intermediary with other former Imperial nobles her family knew.</p>
<p>“They can ask all they want; I was born in the Republic.”</p>
<p>Support for their life after the evacuation; introduction into high society; requests for recommendations to Federacy universities; and propositions for arranged marriages. As Annette split such requests between VIPs she knew and VIPs she wasn’t acquainted with, she raised her voice in complaint.</p>
<p>If what they wanted was introductions, Dustin, who was a first-generation immigrant and former Imperial noble (albeit a minor one), would have been the better choice. Or rather, his parents were.</p>
<p>Dustin himself was currently helping Annette. His stated excuse was that he had time on his hands and wanted work as a distraction—though he was probably doing it out of sympathy for Annette, who was stuck with this mountain of letters.</p>
<p>He was currently organizing electronic files into folders marked as <em>important</em> and <em>not important</em>, per a list made by Annette. Letters from VIPs would receive preferential treatment by the Federacy’s higher-ups. The nonimportant letters would be gathered up at the maneuvering ground, where they’d be used to make a large campfire. For sure. And they’d use that to roast marshmallows and apples.</p>
<p>“Yes, marshmallows and roasted apples… Let’s go get some when we’re finished… And we can pick up some acorns. The way they crackle is really fun…”</p>
<p>Since the Republic was, for many years, a country based on agriculture and stock farming, acorns were traditionally used as fodder for pigs.</p>
<p>Dustin cracked a sardonic smile as he watched Annette—now hunching forward from exhaustion, her eyes hanging heavily—cackle like a witch.</p>
<p>“Yeah, we should. If we add in all the useless letters Lena got, we’d make a pretty big campfire.”</p>
<p>“That’s right, yeah, Lena… Why are those idiots sending the only <a id="page-85"></a>commanding officer dispatched to the Strike Package from the Republic all these stupid petitions…? Just burn them all down… Ask Shin to cleave off their necks with a shovel, dammit…”</p>
<p>Realizing that when she suggested to “burn them,” she meant the senders and not the letters, Dustin shuddered for a moment.</p>
<p>“Well… If you ask Shin, he’d probably actually be able to process these requests,” he said. “I mean, his father was the eldest son of House Nouzen, and his grandfather, the marquis, is still alive.”</p>
<p>Not that they really wanted him to handle it, but the odd truth was that the person most suited to take care of this issue in their entire unit was neither Lena nor Annette, but actually Shin.</p>
<p>“No, that wouldn’t happen in a million years,” Annette said, staring at Dustin with a dubious expression.</p>
<p>“Ah, right. The people sending those letters are all bigwigs from the Republic. Even with things this bad, they wouldn’t ask an Eighty-Six for help.”</p>
<p>“That’s not what I meant. From where Marquis Nouzen is standing, the Republic persecuted his son and grandkids, so he’d never help them. It would ruin both his dignity and the family name.”</p>
<p>“…Oh.”</p>
<p>Apparently, for this reason, the Federacy officers who would handle the reception had also been picked carefully. The Federacy made sure that their relatives, friends, or groups and organizations they were involved in weren’t Eighty-Six.</p>
<p><em>The social life, connections, and honor of high society really are strange</em>, Annette mused to herself bitterly. She then remembered, with a frown, one of the Federacy’s higher officers she’d spoken to a few times. He surely didn’t have the time for this right now, but a man like him was most suited for this kind of annoying work.</p>
<p>“Aaah, I sure could use that chief of staff’s help right about now.”</p>
<p class="space-break2">While Lena was being swamped with work, the task of coming up with the operation plan fell to the three remaining tactical commanders and <a id="page-86"></a>Grethe. As one of the operations commanders, Shin was also consulted for his opinion.</p>
<p>“They sent an order asking for the colonel to return, after all. We tore it up, though,” Grethe said indifferently.</p>
<p>“You think it was a faction plotting to resist?” Shin frowned.</p>
<p>That kind of faction would get in the evacuation’s way and, more than anything, mean they’d need to increase Lena’s security. Her personal security unit, the Brísingamen squadron, was reorganized, but they might need another unit attached to her, too, if things got any worse. Maybe it’d be for the best to let Spearhead handle it…</p>
<p>“No. They asked for Colonel Milizé to take command over all the citizens’ evacuation.”</p>
<p>“I don’t think that’s a good reason to call a colonel back when they’re dispatched to the Strike Package…” Shin shrugged.</p>
<p>Or rather, the Republic Military ought to handle that much on their own.</p>
<p>“Well, it’s tough work, so no one wants to do it. And they’d probably screw up if they did. Failing this would be terrible and would also be a major spot on their track record. In that regard, the colonel is officially out of the country and detached from the current government. Her being a national hero is probably a thorn in their side.”</p>
<p>Grethe gazed down with cold eyes at a report she received before she carried on.</p>
<p>“Honestly, the Republic’s evacuation plan is a bad joke. A mess. Though, it suits the Federacy just fine.”</p>
<p><em>You wanna see it?</em> Grethe offered, flicking the plan outline over to Shin with her beautifully colored nails.</p>
<p class="space-break2">It was, indeed, a horrible plan.</p>
<p>“I thought it was a joke, but it’s actually real…”</p>
<p>Grethe gave Shin the scan data of the Republic’s evacuation plan so he could show it to Lena and the rest of the squad members, saying they’d hear about it in briefing anyway. The boys and girls of the Strike <a id="page-87"></a>Package sat opposite each other at one of the dining hall’s long tables. The platoon commanders for Spearhead—Shin, Raiden, Anju, Kurena, Claude, and Tohru—were there, along with a tired, wobbling Lena. Each of them was gazing at the plan’s holo-screen.</p>
<p>In the Federacy, lunch had the most dishes out of any meal in the day, and so everyone but Lena talked while picking away at their trays, which were lined with plates. The lack of sleep impacted Lena’s appetite, so she only had a sandwich she washed down with some soup. Her hand was gripping the projection device and visibly shaking with anger.</p>
<p>“On the first day, the first to evacuate would be government officers and first-ward VIPs, and after that, military generals…and then field and company officers, then noncommissioned officers and soldiers. And only then, on the night of the first day, they’re going to start evacuating citizens…?! How could they come up with such a shameless plan…?!”</p>
<p>Kurena, on the other hand, spoke as if none of this had anything to do with her.</p>
<p>“If all the important military people are leaving on the first day, who’s going to take command over the evacuation? Or protect the Republic?”</p>
<p>“While they’re waiting to evacuate, the Republic’s citizens are to gather at the high-speed railway terminal in the Eighty-Third Sector, and it was decided the Federacy would protect them,” Shin, who heard Grethe’s explanation and had skimmed over the operation outline on his way there, answered. “The Juggernauts aren’t reliable in battle, so they can’t have the Republic military handle it.”</p>
<p>Republic Juggernauts were still useful for the purpose of towing equipment—despite being too weak and fragile to serve as actual armored weapons, they did have enough horsepower to move their heavy 57 mm cannons, after all—so they would be traveling along with the transport trucks.</p>
<p>“But what about guiding the evacuation? Don’t tell me they’re dropping that on us, too?” Tohru asked, holding on to a sandwich.</p>
<p>“Can’t we just leave them behind and run?” Claude narrowed his moon-colored eyes behind his glasses.</p>
<p><a id="page-88"></a>“Nah, the Republic’s going to manage that much,” Raiden said, a mug of substitute coffee in hand.</p>
<p>“Based on the plan, it looks like Republic administrative workers will be the ones to do it,” Anju said, peering into Lena’s device from the side. “But the military police will be the ones managing the boarding and disembarking process, since it’s still a Federacy train… But once people find out about the evacuation priorities, they’re not going to be happy. I wonder if they have anything in mind to prevent riots from breaking out.”</p>
<p>“The evacuation priorities are blatantly lopsided…” Lena looked like she was listening, but she wasn’t. She gripped the device so hard it started creaking in her hand, and she was glaring at the operation plan with intense hatred. “People living in low-numbered sectors go first, and the high numbers go last… I did think the Celena would end up getting prioritized, but they’re even changing the order based on whether people are Adularia or Alabaster…! What are they thinking…?!”</p>
<p>Lena got to her feet and shouted out of sheer outrage, but then she sank back into her seat like she’d run out of batteries. Getting worked up like that while she was still lacking sufficient sleep seemed to have made her anemic.</p>
<p>As Shin pulled her by the arm and led her out of the dining hall, Kurena and Tohru glanced at them leaving and whispered.</p>
<p>“What’s the problem?”</p>
<p>“What’s Lena so worked up about?”</p>
<p>Raiden, who’d been sheltered within the Republic until he was twelve and knew what things were like within the Republic during the Legion War, answered their question.</p>
<p>“She means the rich get to go first and the poor get to go last. Celenas are the former noble class, so they’re the top priority… But I don’t know what the difference between Adularia and Alabaster is.”</p>
<p>“Really, you don’t know?” Claude asked curtly, his moon-colored Adularia eyes glinting behind his glasses. “Well, I’m not sure who’s the one behind it, but I think they’re trying to drive a wedge between those <a id="page-89"></a>who get to go first and those who have to go last. Like they did with the Eighty-Six.”</p>
<p>A cold silence settled over the table. Claude carried on, not looking at any of them. His somber Adularia eyes were hidden behind glasses that had no optical correction to them.</p>
<p>“And then the Celena can side with one of the sides that had to go last, acting like they feel bad for them. That’ll make it so it’s two against one. The Alba are split into three ethnic groups, so they’ll be able to set the power balance that way when they get to the Federacy.”</p>
<p>The Republic’s Alba were split into Celena, Alabaster, and Adularia. If two of those groups were to join forces, the remaining ethnic group would become the minority. And they could do anything they wanted to that minority and face no consequences.</p>
<p>Just like they did to the Eighty-Six eleven years ago.</p>
<p>“Like forcing them to volunteer in the army…,” Tohru said, exhaling heavily. “That’s probably the idea here.”</p>
<p>The Federacy wasn’t going to accept millions of refugees out of sheer philanthropy, after all. They may have fallen back to their secondary defensive lines after the second large-scale offensive began, but that came at the cost of many casualties. They needed soldiers to rebuild the ranks. At this point, the working age across the Federacy had begun calling in women and young boys. This meant they needed to find people from <em>outside the Federacy</em>, even if only in terms of appearances and without ever crossing the line into cruelty.</p>
<p>The Republic’s citizens were a mixture of women, children, and elderly who never knew true war. However, everyone but the truly young and most infirm of elderly could at least hold a gun or an explosive.</p>
<p>Just as they had once forced the Eighty-Six, who’d never known war before.</p>
<p>“I always thought that without the Eighty-Six, the Republic would just die where it stands,” Kurena whispered.</p>
<p>Shin once made a prediction on what would happen if the Eighty-Six were to go extinct. That prediction was wrong, as it turned out; the <a id="page-90"></a>Republic wouldn’t just fall to ruin without ever fighting. They’d have just fought the same way they always did—by forcing the burdens of war on the Alabaster or the Adularia. They’d probably reduce them to subhumans, just like they did to the Eighty-Six.</p>
<p>They’d already stripped people of their humanity once before. And if they did it once, they could just as well do it again.</p>
<p>“They’d have done the same to their fellow Alba… I guess that proves it didn’t have to happen to us. It didn’t have to be the Eighty-Six.”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>