<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 4</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="copyright">
<h1 class="copyright-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-copyright">Copyright</a></h1>
<p class="copyright-space">The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</p>
<p class="copyright">Yu Shimizu</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Translation by Roman Lempert</p>
<p class="copyright">Cover art by Asagi Tosaka</p>
<p class="copyright-space">This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">SEIKEN GAKUIN NO MAKEN TSUKAI Volume 4</p>
<p class="copyright">©Yu Shimizu 2020</p>
<p class="copyright">First published in Japan in 2020 by KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo.</p>
<p class="copyright">English translation rights arranged with KADOKAWA CORPORATION, Tokyo, through TUTTLE-MORI AGENCY, INC., Tokyo.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">English translation © 2021 by Yen Press, LLC</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen Press, LLC supports the right to free expression and the value of copyright. The purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and artists to produce the creative works that enrich our culture.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without permission is a theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you would like permission to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), please contact the publisher. Thank you for your support of the author’s rights.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen On</p>
<p class="copyright">150 West 30th Street, 19th Floor</p>
<p class="copyright">New York, NY 10001</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Visit us at <a href="http://yenpress.com">yenpress.com</a></p>
<p class="copyright"><a href="http://facebook.com/yenpress">facebook.com/yenpress</a></p>
<p class="copyright"><a href="http://twitter.com/yenpress">twitter.com/yenpress</a></p>
<p class="copyright"><a href="http://yenpress.tumblr.com">yenpress.tumblr.com</a></p>
<p class="copyright"><a href="http://instagram.com/yenpress">instagram.com/yenpress</a></p>
<p class="copyright-space">First Yen On Edition: October 2021</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen On is an imprint of Yen Press, LLC.</p>
<p class="copyright">The Yen On name and logo are trademarks of Yen Press, LLC.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data</p>
<p class="copyright1">Names: Shimizu, Yu, author. | Tosaka, Asagi, illustrator. | Lempert, Roman, translator.</p>
<p class="copyright1">Title: The demon sword master of Excalibur Academy / Yu Shimizu ; illustration by Asagi Tosaka ; translation by Roman Lempert.</p>
<p class="copyright1">Other titles: Seiken gakuin no maken tsukai. English</p>
<p class="copyright1">Description: First Yen On edition. | New York : Yen On, 2020.</p>
<p class="copyright1">Identifiers: LCCN 2020017005 | ISBN 9781975308667 (v. 1 ; trade paperback) | ISBN 9781975319151 (v. 2 ; trade paperback) | ISBN 9781975320706 (v. 3 ; trade paperback) | ISBN 9781975320720 (v. 4 ; trade paperback)</p>
<p class="copyright1">Subjects: CYAC: Fantasy. | Demonology—Fiction. | Reincarnation—Fiction</p>
<p class="copyright1">Classification: LCC PZ7.1.S5174 De 2020 | DDC [Fic]—dc23</p>
<p class="copyright1">LC record available at https://lccn.loc.gov/2020017005</p>
<p class="copyright-space">ISBNs: 978-1-9753-2072-0 (paperback)</p>
<p class="copyrighta">978-1-9753-2073-7 (ebook)</p>
<p class="copyright-space">E3-20210911-JV-NF-ORI</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>