<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter101"><div class="main">

      <p>There were no words that he could offer Sayo right now. Even if he spoke gently to her, he wouldn’t be able to do anything more than that. Since he couldn’t return her feelings, he would only be hurting her more with his half-hearted kindness.</p>

      <p>With that thought, Rio turned on his heel, silently, his expression twisting in pain. But he slowed for a moment as he departed, fixing his gaze on the shade of a tree a slight distance away.</p>

      <p>Then, the presence he felt from the shadows wavered faintly.</p>

      <p><em>...Forgive me, Shin.</em></p>

      <p>Rio whispered an apology in his heart, then distanced himself from Sayo with resolute steps.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Rio, wait...”</p>

      <p>“...” He said nothing to Sayo’s weakly-spoken voice.</p>

      <p>The distance between Rio and Sayo was close, yet hopelessly far. With no other option, Sayo could only continue to cry.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Shin was glaring at Rio’s departing figure from behind the trees.</p>

      <p><em>That jerk knew I was here. He really is an awful guy.</em> He clicked his tongue and frowned.</p>

      <p>Although he wanted to follow his impulse to run after Rio and beat him up, he knew nothing would come of it.</p>

      <p>After all, it wasn’t Rio’s fault.</p>

      <p>Shin gave an aggravated sigh and looked at Sayo instead. She was still crouched over the ground, crying. While there were barely any people around during the festival, that didn’t mean there was no one at all.</p>

      <p>“Damn it!” Shin scratched at his head roughly and briskly walked off. There was no hesitation in his steps as he made a beeline for where Sayo was crouched.</p>

      <p>“Oi, Sayo.”</p>

      <p>When Shin called out to her, Sayo’s dainty body flinched.</p>

      <p>“Bro...ther?” Sayo looked up at Shin with the face of an abandoned puppy as she cried.</p>

      <p>“Are you giving up? You’re satisfied now, right?” Shin suddenly asked in a voice laced with irritation.</p>

      <p>“I-I’ll give up. B-Because... I was rejected... It’s no use anymore,” Sayo mumbled with her head hung low.</p>

      <p>“Oh, really. You’re giving up. Well, I don’t care either way. Who would want to give their precious little sister away to a good-for-nothing like him, right?” Shin said offhandedly, which made Sayo look up at him with sullen eyes.</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t speak badly about Sir Rio.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, hey — are you sticking up for trash like him? I have no idea what he was so burdened with, but he always had such a depressing face.”</p>

      <p>“...Stop it, otherwise I’ll get mad, Shin.” The normally docile Sayo’s voice was filled with rarely-seen anger.</p>

      <p>“Sure, the girls may find his face somewhat nice to look at. He can handle household chores and handiwork without a problem, and he’s strong enough to beat the crap out of Gon and those other bastards. ...Wait, shit, saying it out loud is making me even more annoyed. But that’s just how unpleasant that guy is. A sly and shrewd jerk!” Shin ranted on and on about Rio with negativity.</p>

      <p>“Shin! How can you say such horrible things?!” Sayo flared up.</p>

      <p>“Hah? I could say the same for you! How could you stick up for a guy like that?! Shouldn’t you hate him? He’s the guy who rejected you. Haven’t you given up already?” Shin asked provokingly.</p>

      <p>“I-I don’t hate him. It’s not his fault!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Are you stupid? Do you love him, then?” Shin questioned further with a dubious look.</p>

      <p>“...There’s no way I could hate him.”</p>

      <p>“I’m asking if you love him. Are you dumb?” Shin finally looked down on Sayo in exasperation, making Sayo get worked up.</p>

      <p>“That’s right! I’m dumb! I love him!” she cried out.</p>

      <p>“DON’T GIVE UP, THEN!” Shin yelled back without a moment’s delay.</p>

      <p>“...?!” Sayo, in spite of herself, could not find the words for a rebuttal.</p>

      <p>“You love him, don’t you?! So why are you giving up after being rejected just once, after you worked so hard on practicing your spirit arts every day for half a year?! You gotta be kidding me!”</p>

      <p>“Because he’s leaving the village! I don’t know what to do!!”</p>

      <p>“You either wait for him to return, or you follow him!”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait for him... But I don’t know when he will return! What if he comes back and then leaves again?”</p>

      <p>“Then follow him!”</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t be absurd! I don’t even know where he’s going!”</p>

      <p>Shin had an illogical counterargument for every remark, making Sayo unable to hold herself back from arguing.</p>

      <p>“Shit, that’s right. Then you’ll just have to wait. You’d better be prepared to wait as many years as it takes, until you’ve become an old lady.”</p>

      <p>“...If I became an old lady, he wouldn’t even look at me anymore,” Sayo muttered offhandedly.</p>

      <p>“Good grief... You two over there. Your voices are rather loud.” Gouki appeared out of nowhere and spoke in a tired voice.</p>

      <p>“?!” The thought of their conversation being overheard by other people made Sayo glance around with a bright red flush on her cheeks.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry — there’s no one around other than me. Although that may not have been the case if you continued to argue like that,” Gouki said with a wry smile, reassuring Sayo.</p>

      <p>“You’re Sir Hayate’s father...”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. I am Saga Gouki.”</p>

      <p>“Were you... eavesdropping? That’s not very nice of you.” Shin glared at him unhappily.</p>

      <p>“S-Shin! Don’t be rude!” Sayo reprimanded him in a panic.</p>

      <p>“You’ve got guts, boy. Interesting. I wasn’t intentionally eavesdropping — you two were simply having your sibling fight at a volume I couldn’t help but hear. So I decided to step forward.” Gouki laughed with a snort.</p>

      <p>“...And? What do you want? If you’re just here to laugh, then I’ll have to ask you to leave.”</p>

      <p>“I’d like to speak with that girl over there. You may leave first.”</p>

      <p>“As if I’d leave my precious sister behind.” Shin stood before Gouki with a sullen expression.</p>

      <p>“Hm. Then, listen quietly. Are you in love with Lord Rio, girl?”</p>

      <p>“Eh... Y-Yes,” Sayo replied with a timid nod.</p>

      <p>“Enough to abandon the village of your birth?” Gouki fired a follow-up question immediately after she had responded.</p>

      <p>“T-That’s...” Sayo stumbled over her reply for a moment.</p>

      <p>“Forget it, then. It looks like I was mistaken.” Gouki turned to leave.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait, please! I-I love him! I love Sir Rio!” Sayo grabbed Gouki’s sleeve in a panic, speaking out as though she were making an appeal for her feelings.</p>

      <p>“...And those words are the truth?” A serious expression showed on Gouki’s face as he questioned Sayo’s resolve.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes!”</p>

      <p>As the sun gradually started to set, Sayo’s voice echoed along the roadside of the village.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>Several days later, the day for Rio to leave the village had finally come.</p>

      <p>A huge crowd of people were gathered near the west gate of the village to see him off. Among them were members of the Saga family, too; while Homura and Shizuku had already said their farewells before the harvest festival, he greeted them all in order, and said his farewells to the Saga family as well.</p>

      <p>“Sir Rio, I hope that you won’t forget about me!” Komomo said, looking up with an uneasy face.</p>

      <p>“Of course. I hope that you won’t forget about me either, Komomo.”</p>

      <p>“Definitely! There’s no way I would ever!” Komomo nodded with a fist pump.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Komomo. ...Lord Gouki, Lady Kayoko, Lord Hayate. Please take care of yourselves. I’ll be looking forward to the next time we meet.” He looked at Komomo’s family members, who stood behind her, as he spoke.</p>

      <p>“Those should be our words. Until the next time we meet, I shall sharpen my skills in anticipation, so thank you for everything.”</p>

      <p>“Our whole family is much indebted to you. I look forward to the day we meet again.”</p>

      <p>“To be honest, I keep being caught by surprise by... Lord... Rio. I believe we will meet again some day, so please take care of yourself on your journey.”</p>

      <p>Gouki, Kayoko, and Hayate all offered their farewells.</p>

      <p>“I will work diligently not to lose to you next time we meet. I wish you all the best.” Rio nodded with a cheerful nod.</p>

      <p>“Go on, Sayo, you too. Don’t hold back!”</p>

      <p>“Wawawah, Ruri!” Ruri pushed Sayo before Rio.</p>

      <p>“Hello, Sayo,” Rio said with a faintly stiff smile. He hadn’t seen her since the confession.</p>

      <p>“H-Hello, Sir Rio. Umm... Please take care of yourself.”</p>

      <p>Despite seeming nervous, Sayo gave the brightest smile she could. In turn, Rio was also able to regain some of his ability to smile.</p>

      <p>“Yes. You too, Sayo. Take care.”</p>

      <p>“I-I’ll do my best. And, also... Sir Rio!” Sayo called Rio’s name with resolution.</p>

      <p>“...What is it?” Rio tilted his head hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to do my best! I’ll do my best... So you do your best, too, Sir Rio!” Sayo said enthusiastically.</p>

      <p>Rio’s eyes widened in confusion before he smiled in amusement. “...Yes. I’ll do my best. I’m very happy you came to see me off. Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>“I-It was nothing. I’m glad... Ahaha.” Sayo let out a breath of relief and smiled happily. She was almost moved to tears, but no tears of sadness spilled out.</p>

      <p>“Aren’t you going to say anything, Shin?” Standing back beside them, Ruri turned the spotlight to Shin.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. Well, take care, I guess. And you haven’t said anything either, Ruri.” Shin said bluntly.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, that’s because, y’know. I’ve already got my share of farewells in. Rio, make sure to visit if you have the time to come back. As often as possible, if you can,” Ruri said, flushing with embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Got it. I wonder... You might be married the next time we meet, Ruri,” Rio said, imagining the future.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, who knows. Oh, but if no one wants me as their bride, will you have me, Rio?” Ruri replied jokingly.</p>

      <p>“...It’ll be fine. If it’s you, then I’m sure you’ll find someone wonderful to marry.” Rio evaded the question with a huff of laughter.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, looks like I was rejected. Too bad. See you later, then, Rio.” Ruri shrugged with a small sigh and offered her hand out for Rio to shake.</p>

      <p>“Yup, see you. I was really happy to be able to live like family with you, Ruri.” Rio returned Ruri’s handshake and nodded happily.</p>

      <p>“We’re not <em>like</em> family, we <em>are</em> family. Even if we can’t tell anyone, you and I are cousins,” Ruri whispered in Rio’s ear.</p>

      <p>“You’re right. Thank you, truly,” Rio said, smiling widely as he thanked Ruri.</p>

      <p>Next, he addressed Yuba, who was standing nearby. “You, too. Thank you for everything.”</p>

      <p>“Those should be my words. Like I said before, you’re welcome back here at any time. That’s why you must take care of yourself. Got it?” Yuba said with a huff of laughter on her lips.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, thank you very much.” Rio bowed his head deeply, and Yuba looked around.</p>

      <p>“Now! Is there anyone who has yet to say their goodbyes?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Have a good trip!”</p>

      <p>“Be careful.”</p>

      <p>“You can come back, but don’t forget the souvenirs.”</p>

      <p>“I want alcohol!”</p>

      <p>“Later!”</p>

      <p>All the various voices of the village sounded off.</p>

      <p>“...Doesn’t seem like it. All right, Rio. Have a safe journey!” Yuba cackled heartily and sent Rio off with cheer.</p>

      <p>Rio bowed deeply one last time. “Okay everyone, I’ll be going now! I’ll make sure to bring back souvenirs for you!”</p>

      <p>With those final words, Rio turned on his heel and waved with a smile, before walking out of the village as all the villagers loudly yelled their goodbyes.</p>

      <p>Rio turned and waved his arms furiously as the distance between him and the village gradually widened.</p>

      <p>It was the fall season of the year 999 of the Holy Era.</p>

</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>