<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter62"><div class="main">
      <p>“Gah, what in the world...?!”</p>

      <p>With his vision impaired by the spray, Gouki narrowed his eyes a bit. Rio used that opening to move around Gouki and cut into his side, thrusting his wooden sword right before his throat.</p>

      <p>“That’s enough! The victor of this match is Lord Rio,” Kayoko, the referee, said without a moment’s delay.</p>

      <p>“...I’ve lost.” Gouki let the strength drain from his body as he accepted his defeat.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.” Rio withdrew his sword with a bow.</p>

      <p>“My goodness. Creating such a large volume of water in an instant in an environment that doesn’t have moisture at all... I am in awe indeed. It seems Lord Rio has exceptional talent for spirit arts too.” Gouki praised Rio without restraint.</p>

      <p>“F-Father! Wasn’t that last attack too much?!” Hayate’s voice called out. He had been standing alongside Aoi in shock until now, but his thoughts had finally recovered enough to object to that last slash attack.</p>

      <p>“Lord Rio would have been able to handle it. I used that hidden skill only because I believed in him. He ended up fine, did he not?” Gouki shook his head with a wry smile, but Hayate refused to accept that.</p>

      <p>“You are only speaking in hindsight! If that had made direct contact, he would have died!”</p>

      <p>“Hayate. That is crude of you, you realize? There are some things that can only be understood by facing him like that. Personally, I knew that the attack would not reach him.”</p>

      <p>“I-It is true that Lord Rio boasts an abnormal strength...”</p>

      <p>“Lord Gouki only launched that skill because he believed I could deal with it.” Rio spoke up in support of Gouki with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>“B-But, Lord Rio...”</p>

      <p>“Perhaps it’d be a different matter if he had unleashed it to take me by surprise mid-battle, but it was launched from straight on as a direct challenge to me. Also, I was the one who desired a match on par with actual combat. I was more than prepared for the risks.”</p>

      <p>“That’s...” There weren’t many humans that could handle that attack, even if they knew it was coming. It wouldn’t be strange for most people to cower in fear simply from receiving Gouki’s vigor from straight on. And to see through that slashing attack and select a means of escape on top of that... Hayate definitely wouldn’t want to try it.</p>

      <p>But in reality, Rio didn’t seem fazed about receiving the attack, so Hayate couldn’t object any further.</p>

      <p>“That’s how it is, Hayate. Well, I thought he would avoid it if anything...” Gouki nodded with a triumphant expression, but he muttered the latter half of his words so faintly, they were barely audible. He glanced over at Kayoko and realized he was on the receiving end of a cold gaze.</p>

      <p><em>Well, perhaps I may have gotten a little too fired up,</em> he thought to himself with a cold sweat.</p>

      <p>No matter how close to real combat their match may have been, it still wasn’t a good idea to launch a lethal attack against an opponent that was to be respected. Kayoko would definitely give him a light scolding about it later.</p>

      <p>“...However, that doesn’t change the fact that I used a dangerous skill. Lord Rio, please accept my apologies.” Gouki bowed his head deeply at Rio regretfully.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s fine. I was able to witness a magnificent skill.” Rio shook his head agreeably. It was a skill that had been launched only because they both sensed each other’s abilities and believed it wouldn’t hit. If anything, Rio found it to be an honor.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm!” Komomo’s voice suddenly interrupted them. Everyone present affixed their gazes on her.</p>

      <p>“Please spar with me too!” Her big eyes sparkled brightly as she challenged Rio to a match.</p>

      <p>“Erm...” The sudden request caught Rio unaware, putting him at a loss for words.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha! Komomo tends to be drawn toward strong people. She must be unable to contain herself after seeing Lord Rio’s fight just now.” Gouki laughed heartily as he commented on Komomo’s personality.</p>

      <p>“Yes! That fight just now was wonderful! I’ve never seen anyone defeat my father before!” Komomo agreed with an innocent smile.</p>

      <p>“So, please!” She said, bowing her head enthusiastically.</p>

      <p>“...Understood. That’s fine with me,” Rio agreed with a smile, impressed with Komomo’s earnest attitude.</p>

      <p>“Lord Rio, thank you for agreeing to my daughter’s request. ...Komomo. Lord Rio is a person far above yourself. Consider it an honor to be able to practice with one of such higher skill.”</p>

      <p>“Yes! Thank you very much!”</p>

      <p>Komomo nodded energetically, thanking Rio.</p>

      <p>“Then, first, allow me to clean up the water scattered everywhere.”</p>

      <p>Rio pulled all of the nearby water formed in puddles on the ground toward him, swirling it into a spiral. Then, he lightly moved his hand, and drove it away into a corner of the training grounds. It was over in mere seconds, but everyone other than Rio watched the sight unfold with wide eyes.</p>

      <p>“Producing such an amount of water instantly... Lord Rio must be quite an incredible practitioner of water spirit arts. I have never seen any water spirit arts this splendid in my many years of life,” Gouki said in surprise.</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t go that far...” Rio shook his head, glossing over the topic. Based on the reactions of Gouki and the others, he figured his actions were of a slightly advanced grade.</p>

      <p>For the record, this level of spirit arts would have been a piece of cake for the high elf Orphia, and the other water spirit art users in the village would have been able to use it easily as well. But since the spirit folk had a much higher aptitude for spirit arts compared to humans, it was difficult to make a comparison to Rio.</p>

      <p>“Now, Miss Komomo. Shall we?” Rio headed to the center of the training grounds promptly, before he could be hounded with any troublesome questions.</p>

      <p>“Yes!” Komomo was rearing to face Rio, following after him in excitement.</p>

      <p>With that, everyone else’s attention was drawn to the match about to start. Komomo stood in the center of the training grounds with a gallant expression. She took a deep breath to calm herself, before bracing her wooden sword in both her hands, aimed right at eye level. Rio’s eyes widened in awe at how Komomo’s aura changed completely.</p>

      <p>The sparring match started soon after that. While there was a clear gap in their skills, the match developed in the form of Rio helping Komomo practice her skills.</p>

      <p>“That was a bad move. You should have widened the distance between us and regained your footing first.” Rio allowed Komomo to attack him, but whenever parts of her movements were poor, he took advantage of it aggressively and struck her where it hurt.</p>

      <p>There were multiple times where the match would have been decided under normal circumstances, but the sparring match continued until Komomo was satisfied with how much she had swung her sword. Thus, Komomo began to move while thinking about where she had gone wrong.</p>

      <p>“Hah, hah...”</p>

      <p>After they had exchanged enough blows, they sat on the ground and panted for breath. Komomo’s expression was extremely pleased; she had been able to gain experience she would never have been able to get normally when fighting her family, so she was filled with happiness from the bottom of her heart. The radiant sight of Rio made her feel as though she could reach higher and become stronger. Komomo could only look up at his face in fascination.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>The next day after the match with Gouki, Rio returned to the royal castle of the Karasuki Kingdom once again to secretly meet with Homura and Shizuku.</p>

      <p>“I’ve heard the news... So, you’ve bested Gouki, it seems. ‘Splendid’ is all I can say.”</p>

      <p>The first thing Homura said upon opening his mouth was high praise for Rio. He had heard of the result of the sparring match from Gouki before the secret meeting, but he had never imagined that Gouki, as someone famously known as the Fierce God, would lose. Homura had thought it was some kind of joke at first, but he knew that Gouki wasn’t the type of person to make jokes like that.</p>

      <p>It definitely took him a while to accept the truth, but Homura had managed to regain most of his composure in the time before the meeting.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Shizuku praised Rio with a dazzling smile. “You’re amazing, Rio. You even defeated Gouki!”</p>

      <p>Unlike Homura, whose commendation was mixed with bewilderment, Shizuku was genuinely happy for Rio’s victory.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.” Rio bowed his head bashfully.</p>

      <p>“I was thinking of having you train under Gouki for a while, but it seems my concern was uncalled for...” Homura said with a trace of sadness in his smile.</p>

      <p>He <em>had</em> intended to make Rio train under Gouki, after all. That way, it would have been inevitable for Rio to live in the capital and increase the frequency of their secret meetings... or so he had quietly hoped. Although he knew they had to refrain from excessive contact with Rio because of the various circumstances preventing them from revealing Rio’s identity, his desire to see Rio more was strong.</p>

      <p>Then, whether he knew Homura’s sentiments or not, Rio spoke.</p>

      <p>“No, I was able to gain valuable experience. There aren’t many opportunities to fight with someone like Lord Gouki. Thank you for your consideration.” Rio offered Homura words of honest gratitude.</p>

      <p>“Is that so. Then, that is most important... But, Rio. Just sometimes is enough. Until you depart from this land, would you come to this castle again and talk with us from time to time?” Homura asked. Shizuku watched Rio in anticipation of his answer.</p>

      <p>“That is... Of course. If that is all right with you.” On the receiving end of his grandparents warm gazes, Rio nodded timidly.</p>

      <p>“...I see. Thank you.” Homura said gratefully and bowed his head at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Please, there is no need to lower your head.” Rio tried to stop him in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“No... You are wasting your precious time going along with our selfish requests. We have caused nothing but trouble and hardship for you. When I think of it that way, it makes me feel most ashamed...”</p>

      <p>“That’s not the case. If I didn’t want to meet the two of you, I would have rejected your proposal to come here from the beginning. I have come here of my own free will,” Rio said bluntly in response to Homura’s pained words.</p>

      <p>Whether it was Yuba, Homura, or Shizuku, there was no doubt that they were all important people to Zen and Ayame. That was why Rio wanted to get along with them, too. He wanted to hear stories of his parents that he didn’t know.</p>

      <p>“Rio...” Shizuku muttered Rio’s name with great emotion.</p>

      <p>“Then, we must develop this relationship more...” Homura beamed.</p>

      <p>After that, Rio and his grandparents chatted about many things. The conversation topics focused around what they had in common: namely, charming stories of Zen and Ayame. Episodes concerning them seemed to be the most suitable compromise between the two parties.</p>

      <p>While the three of them continued their pleasant talk to their heart’s content, their time together was limited. Homura and Shizuku had duties to attend to on this day as well, and Rio had to return to the village tomorrow. Although they made a promise to meet again at a later date, all that had been decided was that Gouki would visit the village when the time was right, with no definitive date decided. Therefore, they didn’t know when they would meet again, so they had to say anything they wanted to say here and now.</p>

      <p>“There isn’t much time left, but is there anything else you wanted to hear?” Homura asked Rio.</p>

      <p>“...I have a cousin in the village I’m living in right now. Would I be permitted to reveal my heritage to that girl?”</p>

      <p>Of course, the cousin he was referring to was Ruri. As Rio considered Ruri another precious member of his family, he didn’t want to let her be the only one left out of the loop.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. If she can strictly adhere to confidentiality, then it wouldn’t be a problem. I shall trust your judgment in this.” Homura faintly made a show of consideration before readily allowing it. That was how much he trusted Rio.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much,” Rio said with a grin.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>