<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Passing Days at the Village</h1>

      <p>Two months passed since Rio began living in the village, and in that time, there was now no longer a single person there who didn’t know his name, and the villagers generally viewed him favorably.</p>

      <p>This was partially thanks to the village chief, Yuba, taking him in, and partially thanks to him bringing back huge hauls of hunting spoils on a near-daily basis. The meat supply of the village had never been greater, and Rio was actively working in areas other than hunting, too. Using the knowledge he had gained in the Royal Academy and the spirit folk village, Rio had contributed to improving the standard of life in the village by a tremendous amount.</p>

      <p>For example, he built a bathhouse next to the village chief’s home for the villagers to use, and distributed his homemade soap to every family in the village, to the immense approval of the women. Furthermore, by giving his advice on farming techniques and tools, he greatly increased the efficiency of the farm work, which gained the strong approval of the elderly villagers.</p>

      <p>The rate at which the village was developing <em>was</em> a bit fast, but Rio felt no need to refrain from sharing his knowledge and technology.</p>

      <p>The village also suffered from sanitary issues, which had already caused people to become sick, whereas casualties from famine could be blamed on poor harvests. Ruri’s mother had passed away at a young age from such problems, and her younger brother was only four when he died from famine.</p>

      <p>Thankfully, Rio had both the knowledge and technology to prevent such deaths.</p>

      <p>He had only spent a short time there, but both Yuba and Ruri considered him a beloved member of their family. Yuba, of course, knew of his circumstances already, but even Ruri treated him like a dear brother.</p>

      <p>Nevertheless, there was a reality that Rio had to face: his time here was limited, as he would someday leave the village. That was why, for their sake, he wanted to make the village they lived in as comfortable as possible.</p>

      <p>Rio’s feelings and actions were also acknowledged by the villagers, helping him earn their trust. Recently, the women of the village had been increasingly requesting his assistance with repairing their furniture and homes, having deemed his carpentry skills worthy of praise. While there were other craftsmen in the village, they usually already had their hands full.</p>

      <p>Today, Rio was helping a woman fix the cracks in her walls, which were letting in drafts of air. Sayo and Ruri lead him to the house in question. After Rio completed the repairs, the portly woman who requested his help spoke to him cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Oh, thank you — you’ve saved me. The drafts have been so cold lately... I tried to leave it to my husband, but he made it even worse, so I was at a loss. The village craftsmen kept putting me off, too.”</p>

      <p>“The nights are starting to get cold, after all. I’m glad I could be of help to you, Mrs. Ume. Please call me again if you need any help.” Rio shook his head at Ume, showing it was no bother at all to him.</p>

      <p>“Sure thing. That aside, you three are always glued to each other’s sides, huh? The younger men are all green with envy, seeing you walk around with two beauties of our village, Rio.” The woman grinned happily, looking at Ruri and Sayo who stood on each side of him as Rio laughed awkwardly, his smile forced.</p>

      <p>“Oh, stop that, Mrs. Ume. Rio and I aren’t like that,” Ruri answered with practiced ease.</p>

      <p>“Since you’re using the singular, does that mean it’s different for Sayo?” Ume asked, changing the target of her attention.</p>

      <p>“...Eh? Ah, no, umm, that’s...” Sayo flushed red on the spot.</p>

      <p>“Ahahaha, Sayo sure is cute,” Ume gave a hearty, booming laugh.</p>

      <p>Similar conversations had been occurring a lot as of late, and Sayo would react in this way nearly every time. Those initiating the conversations would bring it up to her in anticipation of her reaction, clearly making fun of Sayo’s innocence.</p>

      <p>“Geez, get used to it already, Sayo. You should at least laugh it off like Rio,” Ruri said, then giggled happily.</p>

      <p>“Uhh... I-It’s just...” Sayo glanced at Rio, but the moment their eyes made contact, she looked down in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Sayo doesn’t seem to be very comfortable around men, so try not to tease her too much. I’d be grateful if you went a bit easier on me, too. I don’t really like these kinds of conversations,” Rio said in support of Sayo.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... In Sayo’s case, it’s not that she’s uncomfortable around men, really...”</p>

      <p>“Right...”</p>

      <p>Ruri and Ume looked at each other with a small sigh. The two of them looked back at Rio, who tilted his head in question.</p>

      <p>“Well, at any rate, we’re so glad to have a boy like you here in our village. I was a bit worried at first when I heard there was an outsider in Lady Yuba’s house, but I’ll be relying on you a lot more from now on!” Ume said brightly, changing the topic. She patted Rio on the shoulder.</p>

      <p>“It’d be my pleasure to help wherever I can.” Rio nodded bashfully.</p>

      <p>After that, Ruri and Sayo continued to lead him to other houses that had furniture that needed to be fixed. Similar exchanges occurred wherever they went, but the blush on Sayo’s cheeks was a story for another day.</p>

      <p>Rio and the two girls were walking along together once they were on their way home.</p>

      <p>“Really, though — Rio sure has a lot of skills. You’re clever, you can cook, you can hunt, and you’re skillful with your hands. Not to mention the spirit arts! Every village would want someone like you,” Ruri said, nodding as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“I’m just a jack of all trades but a master of none. None of my skills can hold a candle to a true master.” Rio shook his head with a bitter smile.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true! Sir Rio is amazing! The villagers all opened up to you instantly because you’re so friendly!” Sayo interrupted from beside them.</p>

      <p>“Sayo’s right, you know. Having you here has really helped us out. We’re so grateful having someone who can do pretty much everything in this village.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. I’m glad I’ve been able to assist in this village,” Rio answered embarrassedly, a somewhat happy smile tugging at his lips.</p>

      <p>Then, at that moment, Rio and the girls came across some of the young men from the village, walking on the road as well. Sayo’s older brother, Shin, was among them. When Shin and the other boys saw Rio, their faces furrowed in displeasure.</p>

      <p>“Are you lot together again? Rio aside... Ruri, Sayo. What happened to work?” Shin asked with a frown.</p>

      <p>“We’re helping Rio with his work. Do you have a problem with that?” Ruri replied.</p>

      <p>“...His work? What were you doing, Sayo?” Shin looked to his sister for a reply.</p>

      <p>“Erm... Repairing furniture and homes. The craftsmen of the village are all occupied with building new residences, so Sir Rio is helping fix the smaller things.”</p>

      <p>“Tch, you’re even doing that now?” Shin clicked his tongue. Sayo looked at him with a sullen expression.</p>

      <p>“If you don’t have anything to say, then we’re going to go now. I’m tired, and I want to rest. Let’s go, you two.” Ruri urged Rio and Sayo to quickly leave the others.</p>

      <p>Shin called after them to stop. “Wait. You can do your best sucking up to everyone, but <em>we</em> won’t accept you!” he said, prompting the other boys around him to agree.</p>

      <p>“That’s right!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah!”</p>

      <p>“...” Rio hesitated for a brief moment. He was aware of the fact that his existence was having an impact on the lives of Shin and the other boys, making him question as to how he should react. Should he say something to them directly, shrug them off, or ignore them completely?</p>

      <p>There were people in closed-off village communities that believed in excluding outsiders from their society, and Rio didn’t think those kinds of sentiments were wrong. He knew that they could sometimes lead to stability and peace.</p>

      <p>In other words, he felt a sense of guilt when it came to Shin. However...</p>

      <p>“Good grief — you’re such rude brats. Rio, don’t give them any thought. You’re already a wonderful member of our village, okay?” Ruri asserted herself bluntly and took a step forward to defend Rio.</p>

      <p>“Ruri’s right! You’re being awful, Shin. Lady Yuba approved of Sir Rio’s stay in this village, and he’s been helping out with work this entire time!” Sayo agreed with Ruri.</p>

      <p>However, seeing the two cute girls of the village stand up for Rio only made the boys even more unhappy, and their resistance to Rio rose above all sense of reason. Shin was particularly familiar with Sayo’s personality, so he knew she wasn’t the type to defend someone so angrily and place herself in the firing line. It left him feeling greatly shaken.</p>

      <p>“Y-You shouldn’t fawn over a weakling like him, Sayo!”</p>

      <p>“I-I don’t fawn over him!” Sayo hesitated for a moment, then quickly denied it.</p>

      <p>The two glared at each other darkly, a tense air flowing between them. Just as Rio was thinking the situation was taking a bad turn...</p>

      <p>“Shin, are you misunderstanding something? Rio isn’t a weakling by any means. Despite his appearance, he’s actually quite muscular. Right?” Ruri said, suddenly clinging to Rio’s upper arm. The boys widened their eyes in blank shock.</p>

      <p>“Hah? W-Wha— Y-You, and him... How indecent!” A beat later, Shin seemed to have clued in on something. His face turning bright red.</p>

      <p>Sayo was also blushing. “W-Why are you aware of that, Ruri?”</p>

      <p>“Hm? I don’t know what conclusions you’re all jumping to, but cool your heads. Not to mention how much better Rio is than Shin at hunting, too. Now, let’s go, you two.” Ruri stuck her tongue out at the boys before dragging Rio off by the arm. On Rio’s other side, Sayo hurriedly followed after them.</p>

      <p>Shin had frozen where he stood in embarrassment, wincing slightly as Sayo shot him one last glare when she passed by.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>That night, in the garden of the village chief’s house illuminated by the moonlight, Rio was working hard at swinging his sword and working up a sweat that flowed down his shirtless back.</p>

      <p>He repeatedly swung his sword, making sure the sensation was carved into his body. His breath was coming out slightly harsher than usual, and each time he swung the sword, his sweat was sent flying. Occasionally, the wind would blow the cold night’s fog through the air, wrapping Rio’s flushed body in a cooling embrace.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>