<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter81"><div class="main">

      <p>“If possible, I’d like to greet the people of the village... But there’s so many of them. Who would be best to start with?” Komomo said, looking around.</p>

      <p>Many of the villagers remained indoors during the winter — no one went outside without a good reason to — but there were quite a few villagers around at the moment. The villagers were starving for entertainment, so they had probably gathered to have a look when they heard an upper-class figure was visiting the village. All the village’s attention was focused on the sweet sight of Komomo walking beside Rio with a smile, dressed in her favorite hakama.</p>

      <p>“Shall we start with the other girls first?” Rio suggested, and they approached where the village girls were gathered.</p>

      <p>“Hello everyone.”</p>

      <p>“H-Hello, Sir Rio.” The girls returned Rio’s greeting rather nervously.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to introduce this girl, who will be staying in our village for a while. Does everyone have a moment?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes! That’s fine!”</p>

      <p>“This is Saga Komomo, the little sister of Lord Hayate, who previously visited the village as a tax officer.” Rio introduced Komomo so that the surrounding villagers would be able to hear too.</p>

      <p>“My name is Saga Komomo. I will be living in this village from today on. I’m very happy to meet you all — please treat me well!” Komomo put on an adorable smile and energetically introduced herself.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Hayate’s little sister? So she’s a lady... So cute...” When the girls laid their eyes on a real upper-class lady, they couldn’t help but gaze at Komomo in admiration.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, thank you so much... But everyone here is beautiful, too,” Komomo said shyly.</p>

      <p>The sight of her won over the hearts of all the village girls.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm! How did you come to live in our village? May I ask what your relationship is with Sir Rio...?” One girl mustered the courage to ask.</p>

      <p>“Sir Rio is my savior. He previously saved me when I was about to be kidnapped by some scoundrels in the capital,” Komomo replied, and Rio supplemented her answer.</p>

      <p>“It was during the trip to the capital for village trade. Perhaps you remember it, Sayo? During that shopping trip...”</p>

      <p>“Hweh... Ah! The girl from back then?” Sayo, who had been singled out by name, widened her eyes when she remembered what happened.</p>

      <p>“Huh? What, what? What happened?! Tell us, Sayo!”</p>

      <p>“Eeh? Umm...” Girls brimming with curiosity closed in on Sayo.</p>

      <p>“Typical Rio. Constantly on his guard...”</p>

      <p>“But like, isn’t this a chance for him to marry rich?”</p>

      <p>“No way... Ruri already has the lead on us. We’ll never have a chance now.”</p>

      <p>The other girls all whispered to each other, while the surrounding villagers also picked up on the situation and began to discuss it in amusement. Thus, the scene instantly grew noisier.</p>

      <p>“What is everyone in an uproar about?” Komomo asked Rio beside her and cocked her head curiously.</p>

      <p>“Haha... I wonder what indeed.” Rio’s dry laugh was drowned out by the noise.</p>

      <p>“Ooh, L-Lord Rio. Whatever is the matter with all this fuss?” Hayate appeared along with Ruri and Komomo’s attendant, Aoi.</p>

      <p>Rio’s heritage had already been revealed to Hayate, who hesitated briefly before addressing him as “Lord” in front of everyone. He widened his eyes at the sight of the villagers as they noisily chatted away.</p>

      <p>“No, I was just introducing Komomo to the villagers...” Rio explained.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, it doesn’t seem like this fuss will die down any time soon,” Ruri laughed in amusement.</p>

      <p>That night, a small welcome party was held in the village chief’s house for Komomo and the others.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>The second day of Komomo’s stay in the village...</p>

      <p>Hayate, who had originally come along with Komomo as an escort, had already departed for the capital in the morning. Afterward, Komomo walked around the village with Aoi.</p>

      <p>Whenever they passed any villagers, she would enthusiastically greet them and engage them in a short conversation. At first, Komomo would be treated reverently because of the difference in her social status, but thanks to her cute appearance and friendly demeanor, the villagers soon opened up to her.</p>

      <p>“I’m back!” Komomo greeted energetically as she returned to the village chief’s house with Aoi.</p>

      <p>“Ah. Welcome back, Komomo.” Ruri, who had been sitting in the living room, stood up to meet Komomo.</p>

      <p>“I’m back, Ruri. Is Sir Rio not here right now...?” Komomo asked, glancing around the room.</p>

      <p>It seemed as though the two of them had become closer with each other since the night before.</p>

      <p>“Rio went out to the village farms with Granny. Something about building a water wheel and waterway before the spring.”</p>

      <p>“Waterway aside, what’s a... water wheel? Aoi, do you know?” Komomo asked.</p>

      <p>“I do not. I have never heard of it, either.” Aoi shook her head regretfully.</p>

      <p>“Apparently, a water wheel can automatically draw water and supply it to the fields,” Ruri explained, drawing on what she had heard.</p>

      <p>Komomo nodded in awe. “Something that convenient... Sir Rio sure has extensive knowledge.”</p>

      <p>“U-Umm. Excuse me!”</p>

      <p>The voice of a visitor sounded from the entrance — it was Sayo’s voice.</p>

      <p>“Huh, Sayo? Welcome... What’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>“N-Nothing. I was nearby in the area, so... Are you busy?” Sayo spoke timidly as she looked around the room. When her blank expression met Komomo’s eyes, she faltered faintly, captivated by her cute face.</p>

      <p>“You’re the one... that saved me along with Sir Rio, right?” Komomo asked with a tilt of her head.</p>

      <p>“Huh? N-No. I just happened to be there...” Sayo denied in a fluster of hand gestures.</p>

      <p>“You’ll get cold over there — come inside for now. Rio’s out with Granny right now, but I’ll pour you some tea,” Ruri said, inviting her inside.</p>

      <p>“...Okay. Excuse me.” Sayo timidly stepped up to the living room.</p>

      <p>“Hello again. My name is Saga Komomo. My attendant behind me is named Aoi. We’ll be staying in this village for a while, so we’ll be in your care.” They bowed to each other, before Komomo politely greeted Sayo. Aoi also bowed from behind her.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m Sayo. It’s nice to meet you, Lady Komomo.” Sayo lowered her head with a nervous expression.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to be so formal... Please treat me like Ruri does,” Komomo looked troubled at being treated as though Sayo was afraid.</p>

      <p>“I-I couldn’t possibly do that.”</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, that’s just how Sayo is. Well, she’ll get used to it eventually,” Ruri said with a laugh.</p>

      <p>“Aww, that’s a shame. By the way, how old is Sayo?”</p>

      <p>“Umm, I’ll be fourteen in the new year. One year younger than Sir Rio.”</p>

      <p>“Then, that would make you three years older than me. I hope we can get along.”</p>

      <p>And so forth — the girls continued to chat amicably.</p>

      <p>Then, after almost an hour of talking later, Yuba and Rio returned. “We’re back.”</p>

      <p>“I’m home.”</p>

      <p>“Welcome home!” Komomo adjusted her position to face them and got up to welcome them back with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for welcoming us back, Komomo. I see that Sayo is here, too.” When he caught sight of Sayo sitting in the living room, his eyes widened slightly, and he lightly greeted her with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Is Sayo here, too?”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m intruding for a bit. Sir Rio, Lady Yuba.” Sayo timidly bowed to the two.</p>

      <p>“Make yourself at home,” Yuba smiled brightly, welcoming her.</p>

      <p>“Sir Rio, would you please assist me with training later?”</p>

      <p>“Sure. We could even go right now, if you want?”</p>

      <p>“Yes! Yes, please! Let’s get ready, Aoi.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Lady Komomo.”</p>

      <p>Komomo nodded with pure delight, and returned to her room with Aoi. Rio’s lips turned up in a smile at the two of them, before going to his own room to get ready.</p>

      <p>“It’s gotten much more lively with Komomo here. Rio isn’t bored, either, so it’s great,” Ruri said happily.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah. That’s right. Sir Rio looks like he’s having fun,” Sayo agreed, her expression darkening with slight sadness.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>Thus, their busy time together passed in the blink of an eye — before they knew it, Komomo had been in the village for a whole month. The new year had just started, and early into the year, the Saga family — Gouki, Kayoko, and Hayate — visited the village in secret.</p>

      <p>Facing each other in the living room of the village chief’s house, Gouki greeted Rio on behalf of his family. “Sir Rio, we wish you a very happy new year.”</p>

      <p>“Happy new year. I’m honored to have you visit during such a cold time.”</p>

      <p>“This is nothing. The changing seasons will not impede our path to you, Sir Rio. We would swim through an icy lake to reach you, if need be.”</p>

      <p>“...I’d appreciate it if you didn’t push yourselves too hard,” Rio said with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha. Rio, you really are royalty,” Ruri laughed with exasperation.</p>

      <p>At present, the only ones in the house were those who knew of Rio’s circumstances, with Gouki and the others acting like Rio’s retainers. It made Rio seem like an untouchable existence. Even the normally sociable Komomo was respectfully quiet today, remaining behind Gouki and Kayoko.</p>

      <p>“My mother was royalty, but I am not. I don’t actually want you to be that formal toward me...” Rio said in a disconcerted manner, looking at Gouki and the others.</p>

      <p>“From our point of view, you are no doubt someone to be respected. Naturally, we cannot so bluntly disregard your will, but we will exert our utmost effort to moderate ourselves...”</p>

      <p>“...I am aware of that. However, please treat me normally in front of the villagers.”</p>

      <p>“Of course,” Gouki nodded deeply.</p>

      <p>“...Incidentally, Komomo hasn’t been causing you any trouble, has she, Sir Rio?”</p>

      <p>“No, she’s been a very good child. Miss Aoi has been accompanying me for her training practices, too. She has been a great help.”</p>

      <p>“That is... good to hear. Thank you very much for agreeing to our selfish demands. We have caused much trouble for Lady Yuba and Lady Ruri, too.”</p>

      <p>“No, we’re grateful to receive the support you have provided the village as compensation. While our village may have nothing, I hope you can leisurely enjoy your stay here,” Yuba said graciously.</p>

      <p>“I’m really happy to be friends with Komomo, too.” Ruri shook her head with a smile.</p>

      <p>Gouki bowed his head to Yuba and Ruri. “We are most grateful. For now, we plan on staying for about three days.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, I’d like to give my new years greeting to His Majesty Homura and Her Majesty Shizuku, so if it isn’t too much trouble, could I accompany you on your way back?” Rio proposed.</p>

      <p>“O-Ooh! Is that so? We were actually hoping to ask you to head on over for a visit, Sir Rio, if I may so humbly say. His and Her Majesty would surely be delighted.” Gouki smiled broadly.</p>

      <p>He had actually been indirectly asked in advance by Homura and Shizuku, who had wanted to see Rio, so Rio’s proposal was quite the timely offer.</p>

      <p>After that, they pleasantly chatted for a while, and the Saga family’s life in the village began. There were already rumors spreading among the villagers of the visitors, but because of Komomo, there wasn’t as much of a commotion as last time when they heard it was the Saga family.</p>

      <p>During their stay, Gouki took Hayate and Komomo out to go hunting, sparred with them two-against-one, and fully enjoyed many outdoor activities. Three days passed in no time.</p>

      <p>On the morning of their return to the capital, eight people of various ages and genders were gathered before the village chief’s house. Rio stood with the Saga family members being sent off, while Yuba and Ruri stood on the side doing the seeing off.</p>

      <p>“Lady Yuba, thank you for your hospitality. It has been a long time since I’ve enjoyed myself so fully,” Gouki said, thanking Yuba with a bright smile on his face.</p>

      <p>“I’m glad to hear that you had fun. Thanks to your assistance, our stocks of preserved food have greatly increased.” Yuba shook her head with upturned lips.</p>

      <p>Beside her, Ruri was saying goodbye to Rio and Komomo.</p>

      <p>“Rio, make sure you protect Komomo. Komomo, be careful on your way home.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. I’ll be back soon.” Rio nodded calmly.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be fine! I’ll protect Sir Rio too!” Komomo agreed enthusiastically.</p>

      <p>“Lady Ruri, please rest assured: my father and I will guarantee Sir Rio’s safety,” Hayate said to Ruri, having been listening from nearby.</p>

      <p>“Geez. Rio’s strong enough not to need protection, so make sure you protect Komomo instead, Sir Hayate,” Ruri replied with an exasperated face.</p>

      <p>“I-Indeed. However...”</p>

      <p>“Ruri’s right. She’s your precious sister, so please protect her instead of me.”</p>

      <p>Being told to prioritize Komomo by both the person that occupied his thoughts and the person he ought to protect, Hayate was at a loss.</p>

      <p>“Hmph, I’ll be the one to protect Sir Rio, then,” Komomo pouted, sulking.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>Once Rio and the others left for the capital, the village fell silent.</p>

      <p>“It became so much quieter all at once. I hope Rio and Komomo come back soon,” Ruri murmured as she sipped at her tea in the living room of the village chief’s house.</p>

      <p>There was practically no work to be done in the morning during winter, and with many of the villagers still asleep, Ruri had mostly been hanging out with Komomo and Rio. Now that the two of them were gone, loneliness welled up within her.</p>

      <p>“If you’re like this now, what are you going to do when Rio really leaves the village? Lady Komomo will return to the capital when Rio leaves the village, too,” Yuba said with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“That’s right... Aah, it’s so lonely,” Ruri grumbled with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Why don’t you go talk to the village girls? You’ve only been with Rio and Lady Komomo lately, so you haven’t seen them much, right?”</p>

      <p>“Well, everyone’s been holing themselves up indoors too, but I guess so. I haven’t spoken to Sayo lately, either... All right, I’ll be back later!” Now that that was decided, she went to visit Sayo’s house.</p>

      <p>“Sayo, you here?” Ruri dropped by Shin and Sayo’s house, knocking on the front door as she called Sayo’s name. A slight commotion could be heard inside the house.</p>

      <p>“R-Ruri? What’s wrong?” The door opened quietly but swiftly, revealing Sayo.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. I was wondering if you wanted to have tea together. Are you busy right now?”</p>

      <p>“Nope. I’m free right now, so it’s fine.”</p>

      <p>“Then, could I come in for a while? I haven’t spoken to you lately, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... That’s fine, but... Umm, is Sir Rio out right now?” Sayo looked around as she timidly asked for Rio’s whereabouts.</p>

      <p>“Aah, yeah. He’s gone to the capital with the rest of Komomo’s family,” Ruri said with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Is that so...” The tone of Sayo’s voice fell dejectedly.</p>

      <p>“Sayo?” Ruri tilted her head curiously.</p>

      <p>“Ah, erm, come in! Just be warned: my brother’s lazing about after eating, so it’s a little messy. I’ll get the tea ready right away.” Sayo invited Ruri inside and hurried into the house.</p>

      <p>“Well, if it ain’t Ruri.” Shin was lounging about in the living room.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean by that? Some greeting.”</p>

      <p>“Nothing. You just haven’t shown your face around here for a while. What happened to Rio?”</p>

      <p>“Rio’s gone to the capital with the Saga family.”</p>

      <p>“Oh. I see... So that’s how it is.” Shin nodded in understanding, then glanced at Sayo as she prepared the tea, diligently extracting the tea flavor with boiled water.</p>

      <p>“You should help Sayo out more, since it’s just the two of you living here. You’re making her do all the chores, aren’t you?” Ruri said tiredly, making Shin frown unhappily.</p>

      <p>“...Shut up. Are you my mother?”</p>

      <p>“That would be Sayo, not me.”</p>

      <p>And so on. Ruri went back and forth with Shin until Sayo came over and poured tea for the two of them.</p>

      <p>“The tea’s ready. Here you go.”</p>

      <p>“Sayo really is a good girl, unlike you,” Ruri muttered earnestly.</p>

      <p>“And you, too,” Shin replied sarcastically.</p>

      <p>Ruri laughed. “I know that already, sheesh. Aah, it’s been a while since we did this. It’s so calming.”</p>

      <p>“Hm.” Shin snorted in dissatisfaction.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Sayo. And while I’m at it, you too, Shin,” Ruri said gratefully.</p>

      <p>“What’s with you all of a sudden?” Shin stared fixedly at Ruri with suspicion.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s just that I suddenly got lonely with Rio and Komomo gone. There’s a lot less opportunity to see everyone during the winter, so I just really wanted to see Sayo,” Ruri explained.</p>

      <p>“There are times like that, yeah. I understand how you feel...” Sayo whispered her agreement.</p>

      <p>“Right? That’s why I was starving to see you. There!” Ruri said, suddenly hugging Sayo, who sat beside her.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha. It’d be nice if Sir Rio came back soon,” Sayo said, smiling embarrassedly.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. You’re right. But he said this time it might take a little longer than usual.” Ruri pouted unhappily.</p>

      <p>“...How long until he comes back?”</p>

      <p>“He said it might take a month.”</p>

      <p>“A-A month... That long...” Sayo’s expression darkened.</p>

      <p>“Apparently there’s a lot of stuff that needs to be sorted out over there,” Ruri mumbled.</p>

      <p>“I-I wonder what Sir Rio is doing over there,” Sayo questioned in a slightly high-pitched voice. She waited for Ruri’s answer nervously.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Apparently someone connected to the Saga family once knew Rio’s parents or something.”</p>

      <p>Ruri blurred the facts with a troubled expression. After all, she couldn’t reveal the truth.</p>

      <p>“What? Rio was actually born somewhere nearby?”</p>

      <p>“Eh, I don’t know about that. Rio said he’s been traveling for years now.”</p>

      <p>Shin’s sharp observation made a cold sweat run down Ruri’s back.</p>

</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>