<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
       <h1>Chapter 6: To the Capital Once More</h1>

      <p>Several days passed since Rio and the others returned to the village.</p>

      <p>The trades had gone well, the villagers’ pockets were filled, and everyone had smiles on their faces. Now, it was finally time for the harvest festival, where they would pray for abundant harvests in the next year.</p>

      <p>It was still the middle of the day, yet the men had gathered in the village square to start drinking. The women that took pride in their cooking skills had prepared a feast in the meeting hall and their individual house kitchens; they used assistants to carry the dishes to the village square, and the children of the village were eating everything up with enthusiasm.</p>

      <p>As for Rio, he had used the village chief’s kitchen to make most of his specialty recipes, and was in the middle of preparing a feast with Ruri and Sayo. He was making meat pie, apple pie, and a prototype of the kamutan he had promised Sayo.</p>

      <p>Since no one in the village knew how to make the noodles for kamutan, and meat pie and apple pie weren’t dishes that were eaten in the Karasuki Kingdom to begin with, Rio took the lead with Ruri and Sayo’s assistance. Naturally, the kamutan noodles were all homemade, and had been prepared two days in advance. Two enormous pots had been placed over the hearth, one with shoyu soup and one with miso soup simmering inside.</p>

      <p>“Wow — it smells great. We’ll really be able to eat kamutan...” Ruri sniffed at the aroma wafting from the pot with a blissful expression.</p>

      <p>“I’ve only made it a few times myself, so I’m sort of an amateur. It might be a different method compared to how it’s made in the capital... The soup was made experimentally, too, so I don’t have much confidence in its taste either,” Rio said a bit worriedly.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine! I’m sure everyone will ask for seconds. From what I taste-tested, the soup seems delicious.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right — they’ll definitely want you to make it again. Or rather, they’ll want to make it themselves!”</p>

      <p>Both Ruri and Sayo spoke with certainty.</p>

      <p>“It takes quite a lot of effort and ingredients, but you’re right. I want to make it again... Although, I may never be able to make the same soup again...” Rio nodded with a happy smile. He didn’t know if he’d still be in the village this time next year, but he hoped to be able to make kamutan again as a group of three.</p>

      <p>After letting the soup simmer for a little under an hour, they carried the pre-prepared noodles and baked pies together to the square. When the villagers found out Rio had made kamutan, they swarmed around him.</p>

      <p>He reheated the soup on a makeshift cooking stove made from spirit arts at a corner of the square, and boiled the noodles. When the villagers tasted the completed kamutan, they all yelled “It’s delicious!” one after another.</p>

      <p>Rio looked at all their faces and decided it had been worth all his hard work. His features crinkled happily. The meat pie and apple pie were a huge hit too.</p>

      <p>Before long, Rio and the girls joined in on the feast, enjoying the food and drink as they watched people sing and dance cheerfully at the center of the square. It was a warm gathering that was constantly filled with laughs.</p>

      <p>However, when evening approached...</p>

      <p><em>...Hm?</em></p>

      <p>Rio suddenly took the spirit stone out of his pocket. A spell formula had appeared on the surface of the stone, and it was emitting a strong light and heat.</p>

      <p>This spirit stone was the core of the intruder detection barrier Rio had modified to cover the whole village after the Gon incident. He normally deactivated it during the day, when the villagers passed in and out so frequently, but he had turned it on just in case during the feast.</p>

      <p><em>Who could it be? A traveler, a merchant, a guest... It’s coming from the east side.</em> Rio suddenly stood up, ignoring all the partying villagers.</p>

      <p>The spirit stone emitted a stronger light in the direction of the intruder, so he quietly walked off in that direction. On his way, he muttered the “<em>Dissolvo</em>” spell and retrieved his sword and sheath from the Time-Space Cache. After walking away from the village square for several minutes, he arrived at the fields that spread across the east side of the village and encountered a dozen or so men and women enshrouded in travel attire. He couldn’t detect any hostility, but they were all fully equipped and showed no signs of weaknesses. They seemed to be experienced practitioners of martial arts.</p>

      <p>“Do you have business here?” Rio cautiously asked the unfamiliar party.</p>

      <p>When the party spotted Rio with his sword in hand, they showed faint signs of wariness, but the middle-aged man and woman in the lead were staring at Rio with a slightly different look in their eyes.</p>

      <p>“...My name is Saga Gouki. Pardon me, but may I ask your name? Could you perhaps be Sir Rio?” The man in the lead introduced himself as Gouki, before asking for Rio’s name.</p>

      <p>As soon as Rio heard the Saga family name, he immediately recalled Hayate, who he had become acquainted with just recently. Perhaps this was his father, Rio thought.</p>

      <p>“That is correct... Would you perhaps be Lord Hayate’s father?” Rio replied.</p>

      <p>“So it <em>is</em> you, Sir Rio! It is an honor to be in your great presence.”</p>

      <p>Overcome with emotion, Gouki kneeled on the spot. No, not just Gouki — the others around him also knelt before Rio at once, showing no concern for the state of their clothes at all.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?” Unable to comprehend the situation, Rio was taken aback. “Erm, we haven’t met before, right...? Have you mistaken me for someone else? If you could all stand up first, I’d appreciate it...” he said after a beat.</p>

      <p>“There is no mistake. Sir Rio, both my wife Kayoko beside me and I once graciously served your mother: Karasuki Ayame,” Gouki said, shaking his head adamantly.</p>

      <p>“Karasuki... Ayame?” Hearing his mother’s name along with her family name made Rio freeze.</p>

      <p>“Your surprise is most understandable, but your mother was indeed royalty in the Kingdom of Karasuki. I have come to visit you on this occasion after receiving a letter from Lady Yuba... the mother of my close friend, Zen.”</p>

      <p>The words coming from Gouki’s mouth were facts that were overwhelmingly shocking. Regardless of whether or not he should be believed, Rio’s rational thinking had come to a complete stop.</p>

      <p>“...For now, allow me to guide you to the village chief’s house. Then, I shall go fetch Yuba, and you can tell me your story from the beginning. Would that be all right? Please, stand up,” Rio somehow managed to say.</p>

      <p>Even if no one was around because of the banquet, the fields weren’t the right place for this conversation, and he needed some time to calm down.</p>

      <p>“I understand. Then, if you would please excuse our intrusion.” Gouki and the others nodded and solemnly stood to their feet.</p>

      <p>“Please, come this way.” With a small sigh, Rio started leading them. Gouki’s party followed him in a nearly reverent manner.</p>

      <p>After guiding them to the village chief’s house, Rio made his way to the square with haste and found Yuba talking to the other villagers. He whispered into her ear, explaining the situation. Despite her surprise, Yuba immediately understood, and smiled.</p>

      <p>“...I see. All right — let’s go, Rio,” she gently said to him.</p>

      <p>The two immediately made their way to the village chief’s house. They barely exchanged any words on the way, but as the house came into view, Yuba suddenly opened her mouth.</p>

      <p>“...Rio, no matter what, you will always be my grandchild. Nothing can change that. At least, that’s what I believe. It may seem sudden, but I wanted to tell you this now.”</p>

      <p>“Yuba... Yes, I feel the same way.” Rio had sensed that Gouki’s earlier words had more or less been the truth.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. Shall we go inside?” Yuba asked with a somewhat happy grin, before stepping into the house.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>In the living room of the village chief’s house, Rio, Yuba, Gouki, and Gouki’s wife Kayoko, were facing each other. The attendants Gouki had brought along were guarding the premises in order to ensure that no one would overhear their discussions.</p>

      <p>Gouki and Kayoko knelt, side by side. “Sir Rio, please accept our sincerest apologies for putting this unexpected shock upon you out of the blue,” they said, bowing deeply.</p>

      <p>“No, there’s no need to apologize for that...” Rio shook his head in borderline confusion.</p>

      <p>“Lord Gouki, may I assume that your presence here means you have obtained the appropriate permissions?” Yuba asked Gouki on Rio’s behalf.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. We are not here of our own accord, but under the order of His Majesty.” Gouki nodded firmly.</p>

      <p>“I see. Then, please tell him everything.”</p>

      <p>Yuba seemed relieved — the truth could finally be revealed. It was the same feeling as if an evil had been vanquished.</p>

      <p>“Of course — that is why we are here. Both His and Her Majesty wish to extend their gratitude and apologies to Lady Yuba for all the suffering you must have endured up until now.”</p>

      <p>“I am honored.” Yuba lowered her head gratefully.</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” Gouki nodded at Yuba. “...Now, Sir Rio. May I tell you the story of what happened to Princess Ayame and Zen, my close friend?” he asked Rio.</p>

      <p>“...Yes. Please.” Rio stared at Gouki and agreed.</p>

      <p>Then, Gouki slowly began to speak.</p>

      <p>“The story begins 12 years ago... But first, let me tell you about the relationship between me and Zen — your father. Lady Yuba can fill you in on anything that happened before that, though...” Gouki said, looking at Yuba.</p>

      <p>“Zen was an awkward child, but he was kind and clever nonetheless. We were at war with the neighboring Kingdom of Rokuren at the time, so every village was going through tough times. As the second son, Zen decided to leave and reduce the number of mouths to feed, and went off one day to voluntarily enlist as a soldier.” Yuba spoke of Zen from before Gouki was acquainted with him with a somewhat nostalgic smile.</p>

      <p>“Zen had a natural talent for anything related to spirit arts and military arts. On top of that, it was the middle of a war period, as Lady Yuba said. He started as a mere soldier, but soon distinguished himself and achieved feats worthy of His Majesty’s attention. And so, His Majesty granted him the rank of a warrior. That was when I met Zen.”</p>

      <p>It was tradition in the Karasuki Kingdom for newly-appointed warriors to face off with their predecessors. In this case, it was Gouki who had sparred with Zen. Although Gouki was much younger at the time, he was one of the leading warriors in terms of skill in the kingdom. And yet, despite Zen being self-taught, Gouki struggled to come out on top in their battle.</p>

      <p>“It was only a sparring match, but there weren’t many opponents that could make my heart leap like Zen did. His abilities were the real deal. That was why I strongly recommended him as a bodyguard for the royal family. As you know already, that royal family member was Princess Ayame.”</p>

      <p>“Mom... My mother was royalty...” Rio muttered, not quite processing the reality of that fact yet.</p>

      <p>“Princess Ayame wasn’t high in succession for the throne, but she was renowned even in the neighboring kingdoms as the beauty of Karasuki,” Gouki said with a huff, a pleasant smile on his face.</p>

      <p>“My Lord, that’s disrespectful,” Kayoko muttered in a cold voice, having maintained her silence beside Gouki the entire time.</p>

      <p>“R-Right. Anyhow, that was how Zen became Princess Ayame’s bodyguard.” Gouki changed the subject in a hurry.</p>

      <p>While Zen had no faults in terms of his militaristic prowess, the fact he was a mere villager had caused a few outcries.</p>

      <p>“There were many who didn’t want to leave the protection of royalty to a commoner that was rising up in the world. Abilities aside, he lacked education and social status. That being said, Princess Ayame also had Kayoko and I as her guards, so we were able to beat all the necessary education into him. Most importantly, Princess Ayame herself had taken a liking to him...”</p>

      <p>Zen had taken the position as Ayame’s bodyguard without any issue.</p>

      <p>“If I may dare to say, to someone like Princess Ayame, who had a sheltered upbringing, Zen was an embodiment of the outside world. She would ask Zen everything about what life was like in his village.”</p>

      <p>Ayame found herself drawn to Zen in no time at all. Anyone looking on could see what had happened with ease. Similarly, Zen also found himself drawn to Ayame as time went on.</p>

      <p>That being said, Ayame was still a princess, and though Zen had been promoted to a warrior, he was still a former farmer. Because of that, the gap between their statuses was too great, and Zen chose to conceal his feelings.</p>

      <p>“Actually, Princess Ayame secretly visited the village a number of times. Zen desperately tried to stop her, insisting that there was nothing to see in his village, but Princess Ayame refused to budge. We were all at our wits’ end.”</p>

      <p>“So... Something like that happened...” Rio said, listening intently to the beginnings of his parents’ relationship.</p>

      <p>In the meantime, Gouki was chuckling heartily at the memories he’d conjured up. Then, he suddenly regained his serious expression.</p>

      <p>“That was when the Kingdom of Rokuren came forth with a peace treaty during a lull in the war.”</p>

      <p>Peace treaties weren’t particularly rare occurrences; in fact, several had already been formed during the long warring years between the Karasuki and Rokuren kingdoms. The two kingdoms had a long history with each other; the Rokuren Kingdom had incited the war to begin with, but needlessly prolonging a war was undesirable for the kingdom’s economy and did not fare well with the citizens. This was what lead the Karasuki Kingdom to accept the peace treaty.</p>

      <p>And so, to celebrate the treaty and to quell civilian unrest, a great festival was held in the capital of Karasuki, with the prince of Rokuren attending as an ambassador. The ceremony itself progressed peacefully, and the peace treaty was formed without issue. All that was left was for the prince of Rokuren to return home, and the temporary time of peace would begin.</p>

      <p>However, on the night of his return, an incident occurred: someone tried to kidnap Ayame after she had retired for the night. However, Zen had been guarding Ayame from the shadows, and was able to apprehend the perpetrator before he succeeded.</p>

      <p>It was revealed that the kidnapper was an attendant of the Rokuren prince.</p>

      <p>Zen immediately tried to have him explain why he was putting the peace treaty that had just been established at risk, but the perpetrator used a secret weapon that had been prepared in advance to kill himself first. After that, the castle immediately burst with activity, despite it being the middle of the night. An emergency meeting was held between the leaders of Karasuki and the ambassador of Rokuren. The Karasuki Kingdom requested an explanation of the events at said meeting, but the Rokuren prince refused to comply, and instead reacted with indignation that his attendant was kidnapped and killed.</p>

      <p>From the Karasuki Kingdom’s point of view, it was the Rokuren side that had attempted the kidnapping, the perpetrator was dead, and the bodyguard — Zen — was the only one at the scene of the crime. On top of that, Ayame herself had been asleep in her room. Still, there wasn’t enough evidence to impeach the Rokuren Kingdom.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the Rokuren side was also lacking evidence, but the prince used the fact his attendant was dead as a means to stubbornly insist that their trust was betrayed. Negotiations between the two parties was inevitably soured, and there was no choice but to break the newly-formed peace treaty.</p>

      <p>“The Kingdom of Rokuren established additional conditions: Zen’s execution, and a political marriage between the Rokuren prince and Princess Ayame. With that, they would forgive the death of the attendant, and maintain their side of the peace treaty. Even looking back on it now, it still makes my blood boil,” Gouki said, his body trembling with rage.</p>

      <p>If everything was indeed as Gouki had said, then Rokuren’s demands were completely brazen and shameless. Rio grimaced without realizing it. He could only form his own assumptions of the political background of the time from Gouki’s words, but apparently, there had been rumors of how the sociable Rokuren prince was cruel and philandering. If someone like that were to marry Ayame in a political marriage... Well, it wasn’t a positive thought.</p>

      <p>At any rate, while the Rokuren side’s demands sounded completely ridiculous, it was part of diplomacy to consider even the most ridiculous of requests seriously. Furthermore, the Rokuren Kingdom distorted the truth of the peace treaty being ruined and spread it throughout the streets, manipulating the emotions of the citizens and society as a whole. The citizens of the capital grew anxious, which rapidly deteriorated into discontent, and even resulted in a few protests. Even within the Karasuki royal castle, there were a significant amount of court nobles that opposed the war. The authority of the king may have been able to suppress that discontent, but it would have only been on the surface. The Karasuki Kingdom had lost the first hand, and was now cornered into a disadvantageous position.</p>

      <p>“That being said, there was no guarantee that the Rokuren Kingdom would quiet down even if we accepted their terms. At the same time, revoking the peace treaty that had just been established and resuming the war instead would have made civilian unrest reach explosive levels, ruining the morale of the kingdom. We had to make a move to turn the tables on such a hopeless situation. That was why His Majesty pretended to agree to the demands in order to buy time. In the end, he gave the order for Zen to take Ayame and flee the kingdom.”</p>

      <p>While it wasn’t much, they were able to buy time within the country this way. In the meantime, the king and several of his chief vassals devised a secret plan to execute.</p>

      <p>“His Majesty selected the best of the best to form a small troop of warriors that would act in secret, and dispatched them to the Rokuren Kingdom. Then, he made an official announcement that Zen had taken Princess Ayame and fled.”</p>

      <p>Of course, the prince of Rokuren was enraged by that. “You’ve toyed with the wrong man!” he had said as he returned to his kingdom and proudly declared war.</p>

      <p>At the same time, the discontent within the country was directed toward Zen and Ayame for running away instead. It was simply too irresponsible of them. There was no choice but to capture them and make them take responsibility for their actions.</p>

      <p>However, the sparks of war were already alight. The opposing parties within the Karasuki Kingdom reluctantly agreed to mobilize their armies and began their advance into the Rokuren Kingdom. In response to the Karasuki army’s movement, the great army of the Rokuren Kingdom was also mobilized. Then, the two armies met each other at the kingdom border in a stand-off.</p>

      <p>It was at this time that the elite squad of a select few Karasuki warriors made their move, amongst which Gouki was included. They launched a surprise attack on the amassed Rokuren army troops from behind, their goal being to take the head of the senior officers.</p>

      <p>The elite squad consisted of warriors with the greatest amount of loyalty toward the royal family. They had all amassed great ill will toward the Rokuren kingdom from the entire situation. Thus, their dauntless assault began while their troop morale was at its peak.</p>

      <p>The warriors stormed into the heart of the enemy camp in no time at all, and dropped the heads of the enemy generals as they were in the middle of a meeting, one by one. Furthermore, they captured the Rokuren prince, who was among them. As a result, the first battle was won with only a surprise attack — it was a historically successful victory.</p>

      <p>“The Rokuren army dispersed and fled after they lost their prince and some of their generals, which raised the morale of our troops higher than it had ever been... It was almost as though opposition toward the war had been a lie. Then, our army advanced forward before the Rokuren army could reform itself, and we secured several important bases in succession. Thus, the Kingdom of Rokuren quickly surrendered.” Gouki spoke about the situation back then with a pleasant expression.</p>

      <p>As Rokuren was the one that surrendered, they entered the status of being a defeated kingdom. Rather than a peace treaty, Karasuki was able to set advantageous conditions for itself as the victorious kingdom. With so many of those conditions one-sidedly forced upon the other side, Karasuki prospered. The citizens’ discontent was dispersed in no time.</p>

      <p>“However, while the result may have been an overwhelming victory, the fact was, we had crossed a dangerous bridge. The events that led up to the start of the war were filled with deception and lies, and if we warriors had made any errors, the war could have gone in their favor. More than anything, the fact that His Majesty had ordered Zen and Princess Ayame to flee was simply too damaging. The two of them were officially treated as felons for willingly running away together and causing the start of the war.”</p>

      <p>And so, the two of them lost their place in the Yagumo region. At the same time, the social barrier between Zen and Ayame had also been removed. It was ironic.</p>

      <p>“At the time, His Majesty was aware that Princess Ayame had fallen for Zen, and that Zen felt the same way toward Princess Ayame. However, there was no way for the two to be together if Zen remained as Princess Ayame’s bodyguard. While they may have been able to shoot down the Rokuren prince’s demands for a new plaything, she would inevitably end up in a political marriage with an undesirable partner. And so, His Majesty decided he would rather entrust her to Zen instead. As a result, His Majesty has always been plagued with apprehension over whether or not that was the correct choice...”</p>

      <p>After the war, the king of Karasuki had sent out a wanted list to neighboring kingdoms with Zen and Ayame’s names on it. Furthermore, to completely hide the truth, he placed a gag order on the few who were in on the situation. Only Yuba was informed because of her status as Zen’s mother, but she too was forbidden to speak. That was why she was unable to tell Rio the truth.</p>

      <p>“We have lingering regrets, too. Kayoko and I have always blamed ourselves for being unable to accompany Princess Ayame...” Gouki said with a shameful expression.</p>

      <p>Gouki and Kayoko were already married at the time, and Kayoko was carrying Hayate in her stomach. It simply wasn’t feasible for her to endure the harsh life of being on the run while pregnant.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, by having Gouki and Kayoko remain, the circumstances would make Zen and Ayame’s elopement seem much more authentic.</p>

      <p>And yet, the two of them were Ayame’s bodyguards. Of course, they did not regret giving birth to Hayate, but the question of whether they should have forced themselves to go along with Ayame had always lingered in the air.</p>

      <p>“But then, just the other day, I received a letter from Lady Yuba that informed me of Sir Rio’s presence, and that he had come from a far away land in search of clues about his parents.”</p>

      <p>If the news had come from anyone else, Gouki might not have believed them, but the one who had relayed the information was Rio’s grandmother; her words had a much higher level of authenticity. That was why Gouki had brought Kayoko along to seek a decision from the king. He had given them the responsibility of revealing the truth if Rio was truly Ayame’s son.</p>

      <p>“I was overcome with emotion the moment I laid my eyes upon you, Sir Rio. The traces of Princess Ayame and Zen are most pronounced in your features. That was how I was certain — there was no mistake of you being Princess Ayame’s son.”</p>

      <p>Rio personally felt it was a little hasty of him to think that way, but perhaps it simply meant that he was that similar to Ayame. Zen, too. He couldn’t remember Zen’s face, but even when he tried to look back on his childhood, there were memories of Ayame’s face he still couldn’t quite put together.</p>

      <p>“His Majesty the king and Her Highness the queen — in other words, Princess Ayame’s parents — wish to meet with you. Sir Rio, would you please consider traveling to the capital with me?”</p>

      <p>“The two of them... want to meet me...”</p>

      <p>The other party were the people who should be Rio’s grandmother and grandfather, but it honestly didn’t feel quite real — he didn’t even know their faces, after all. But, since they were Ayame’s parents, he did feel the desire to meet them himself.</p>

      <p>And anyway, he didn’t think they would back down so easily if he rejected them now.</p>

      <p>Rio took a deep breath to calm himself. “I understand,” he agreed in a slightly stiff voice.</p>

      <p>A smile of relief lit up on Gouki’s face. “Thank you very much for your acceptance. I apologize profusely for the short notice, but I am hoping to depart from this village early tomorrow morning. We will guarantee your safety on the journey.”</p>

      <p>And so, Rio headed toward the capital once more.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>Several days after Rio departed from the village, he visited the royal castle of the Karasuki Kingdom. By accompanying Gouki and Kayoko, he was able pass through the entrance without being questioned, and was then led to a particular room. There, an older middle-aged couple were waiting: they were the king, Karasuki Homura, and the queen, Karasuki Shizuku.</p>

      <p>“O-Ooh, you must be Rio... Indeed, I can see traces of Ayame,” Homura said in a shaking voice as he staggered to his feet, eyes fixed on Rio’s face. Meanwhile, Shizuku was staring at Rio’s face with overwhelmed emotion.</p>

      <p><em>His Majesty, King Homura, and Her Highness, Queen Shizuku... The queen really looks just like mom.</em></p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>