<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter10">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 10: A Resolute Departure</h1>

      <p>It was the long-awaited day of the harvest festival. Coincidentally, it had also been exactly one year since the day Gouki and the others appeared before Rio.</p>

      <p>“Rio, the pie’s done baking!”</p>

      <p>“The soup is simmering steadily here!”</p>

      <p>“L-Lady Komomo! It’s dangerous to peek into the pot like that.”</p>

      <p>Just like last year, Rio was cooking in the kitchen of the village chief’s house; this time, however, the members were different than last year, where it was just Ruri and Sayo. At present, there were four others apart from Rio in the kitchen: Ruri, Komomo, Aoi, and Kayoko.</p>

      <p>While Kayoko silently worked away at cooking her specialty foods, the other members were working together to make the same kamutan and pie as last year. Ruri was used to cooking, but Komomo only started learning bit by bit when she came to live in the village, so she was still somewhat dangerous in the kitchen. In contrast, her mother Kayoko was cooking with tremendous knife skills.</p>

      <p>Once the food was safely completed, they carried the dishes out to the square where the main venue was. The men of the village were already drinking, singing, and dancing with plenty of excitement. Among them was Gouki, who mingled with the rest of them with merriment. He seemed to be winning at a sumo-like sport with a consecutive streak.</p>

      <p>“There are no social ranks here! Anyone with confidence in their skill may challenge me freely!” Gouki announced loudly, naked above the waist.</p>

      <p>“Go get ’em, General Gouki!”</p>

      <p>“Dola, it’s your turn!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t be crazy! There’s no way I’d win!”</p>

      <p>The men of the village raved on.</p>

      <p>“...I can’t believe he had the nerve to leave Sir Rio and enjoy the banquet alone. I must have a word with him later,” Kayoko muttered in a cold voice as she spotted Gouki.</p>

      <p>“No, please don’t worry about me. There are no ranks here, after all.” Rio shuddered softly as he quietly sent Gouki a lifeline.</p>

      <p>“I understand,” Kayoko replied with a slightly disappointed look.</p>

      <p>“All right! We’ve made kamutan again this year! Anyone who wants a serving, get in line!” Ruri yelled at the people in the square.</p>

      <p>The villagers all gathered at once and worked together with the village ladies serving the kamutan for quite some time.</p>

      <p>“We should join them and start eating, too, Komomo. I’m starving!”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The kamutan Sir Rio made... I’m looking forward to it!”</p>

      <p>Ruri and Komomo served their own helpings of kamutan.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much for your assistance. I apologize for making someone of your status work like this. If you’d like to, I was hoping we could eat together.”</p>

      <p>“We have been invited to this harvest festival by the kindness of Lady Yuba — the least I could do in gratitude is assist. To receive Sir Rio’s words of gratitude, on top of having a meal together...” Kayoko said in an extremely humbled manner.</p>

      <p>“No, this is just a simple village. There’s no need to act so formal in front of the others... Not to mention, Komomo is always eating together with us, so it’s too late for that now. Come this way,” Rio said, walking toward the area where Ruri and Komomo were sitting.</p>

      <p>Hayate was also there — it was the area allocated for welcoming the Saga family. And so, they all sat down and began their meal as they chatted pleasantly amongst each other. Eventually, Gouki returned to join the conversation, too.</p>

      <p>Around an hour later, Sayo hesitantly approached Rio.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm! Sir Rio! Do you have a moment?” she asked him. The eyes of everyone present gathered on her. Sayo was trembling with a terribly nervous face.</p>

      <p>“Yes. How may I help you, Sayo?” Rio looked up at her hovering figure and noticed she was wearing a familiar hairpin in her hair. He smiled — happily, for some reason.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm. I wanted to talk to you...” Sayo was being very timid, but a strong will could be seen in her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Sure. Shall we move somewhere else, then?” Rio suggested. He also wanted to talk to her before he left.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes. If possible, then, please.”</p>

      <p>“I understand. Everyone — please excuse me for a moment,” Rio notified the others apologetically before rising to his feet. Then, he walked to an isolated area with Sayo.</p>

      <p>Komomo was staring after the two of them with a slightly befuddled expression.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>On a roadside where the hustle and bustle of the banquet could be faintly heard, Rio and Sayo stood facing one another. Sayo was shaking in extreme nervousness.</p>

      <p>Rio spoke first. “...You’re still using that hairpin.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes.” Sayo nodded uncomfortably.</p>

      <p>“Was it around spring when Shin asked me to stay in the village, and you and I became estranged?”</p>

      <p>“...Yes. I’m sorry for causing you so much trouble at the time.” Sayo bowed her head apologetically.</p>

      <p>“You weren’t any trouble — I was just worried that I said something that hurt you, or that maybe you hated me now,” Rio said, letting out a troubled and bitter laugh.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true! It’s impossible! You didn’t do anything wrong...”</p>

      <p>“Could I ask you one thing?” Rio asked out of the blue, making Sayo nod stiffly.</p>

      <p>“...Yes.”</p>

      <p>“On the day that Shin appeared before me... Did that have something to do with me telling you I was leaving the village?”</p>

      <p>“It... did. The one who didn’t want you to leave the village was actually me. That day, when you told me you were leaving the village, I... I got really sad... And was crying when I got home. My brother went wild when he saw me... and acted on my behalf...” Sayo could feel her heart thud as she spoke. Her whole body was burning, yet she was trembling as though she was cold.</p>

      <p>“So that’s... what it was... Sayo, I...”</p>

      <p>Rio’s expression darkened bitterly. He felt deep regret as he tried to tell Sayo there was no change in his mind to leave the village.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm! There was something I wanted to tell you...” Sayo said with determination.</p>

      <p>“...Sure, what is it?” Rio asked, focusing his eyes on Sayo’s face.</p>

      <p>“Umm, that is... I know you might find it a nuisance to hear this, but... I-I... I like you, Sir Rio!” Sayo suddenly bowed her head as she confessed to him.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>The surprise confession made Rio flinch. He looked down at Sayo’s lowered head, dumbfounded, and wondered what he should say to her.</p>

      <p>What would be the proper response? The answer to that was obvious: it was either to accept or reject her words.</p>

      <p>But, once he reached that point in his thought process, Rio instantly had the answer of which one he should pick.</p>

      <p>He had known from the very beginning.</p>

      <p>“...I’m sorry. I cannot return your feelings, Sayo.” Rio clenched his hands into fists and shook his head as though to stifle the pain in his heart.</p>

      <p>“...I-Is that because you’ll be leaving the village, Sir Rio?” Sayo’s face twisted with heartbreak, but she seemed to have been prepared for the rejection as she asked that question.</p>

      <p>“That isn’t the sole reason, but yes,” Rio said, deciding to reply truthfully about his feelings.</p>

      <p>“Then — please take me with you!” Sayo proposed immediately.</p>

      <p>“...That would be impossible, Sayo.” Rio’s eyes widened at Sayo’s instant response with no sign of hesitation, but he still shook his head.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be fine! I worked my hardest so that I wouldn’t be a hindrance! For this past year, I’ve been practicing spirit arts every single day!” Sayo insisted with desperation.</p>

      <p>“You did such a thing...” Rio could keenly feel Sayo’s emotions, rendering him speechless in spite of himself.</p>

      <p>Half a year ago would have been springtime; she probably started practicing soon after Shin had groveled at Rio’s feet.</p>

      <p>All in order to...</p>

      <p>“Please. Take me with you. I-I want to go. I’ll do anything... I’ll work my hardest to not get in your way, so, please!”</p>

      <p>Sayo was desperate — she bowed her head in a show of that desperation.</p>

      <p>“...I’m sorry, but that isn’t the issue. I have no intention of returning your feelings,” Rio said regretfully, averting his eyes from Sayo.</p>

      <p>“T-That’s fine. You don’t have to look at me. You don’t have to do anything... Just... At the very, very least... Let me stay by your side. Please.”</p>

      <p>Tears fell from Sayo’s eyes as she grabbed Rio’s hand. She was desperately trying to make an appeal for her feelings.</p>

      <p>“Sayo... I’m sorry. I’m really sorry,” Rio apologized, face twisting with guilt. After much thought, those were the only words he was able to put together. He wasn’t tactful enough to think of anything better.</p>

      <p>He felt ashamed — did those feelings originate from his guilt toward Sayo, his sympathy toward Sayo, or his own hatred for himself? No one could know. The only one who would know was the person himself, but not even Rio knew.</p>

      <p>“Fweh... Uuh... G-Guh... Sniff.”</p>

      <p>After letting go of her painful grip on Rio’s hand, Sayo was unable to hold back her tears, having a keen understanding that it was pointless.</p>

      <p>It was Sayo’s first heartbreak, but somehow, she knew. She had seen it coming... That this love would be fruitless. She knew, because she could feel that Rio was in a very far away place.</p>

      <p>However, for Sayo, who was in the middle of experiencing her first love, she wasn’t able to give up and completely close off any possibilities.</p>

      <p>That was why she had to do something. Yuba had told her that Rio was firmly determined, no matter how much she tried to stop him, so she had to desperately think of another effective option other than stopping him.</p>

      <p>That was when Sayo came to realize that if Rio would leave, even if she tried to stop him, then she should just follow him instead.</p>

      <p>That being said, in order to do that, she had to, at the very least, not be a hindrance. However, it was clear that just dabbling in spirit arts wasn’t enough for her to satisfy that.</p>

      <p>She also didn’t think that she could fill that gap in the half-year before Rio left the village.</p>

      <p>Even then, Sayo desperately worked her hardest. Even if it didn’t work out, she blindly exerted herself with the hope that her devotion would be acknowledged.</p>

      <p>And yet... it still wasn’t enough.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Rio couldn’t bear to watch Sayo breaking down in tears before him. He almost placed a hand against her shoulder without thinking, but clenched his fist tightly and stopped himself.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>