<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter71"><div class="main">

      <p>And so, Rio was on the receiving end of Ruri’s barrage of questions for some time.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>A few days passed since Rio explained his background to Ruri.</p>

      <p>With the fall harvest festival having come to an end, the village was entering its farming off-season before winter. At present, the villagers were preparing for staying in during the winter, as well as starting some farming work in preparation for next year.</p>

      <p>However, for a hunter, this was the busiest season of the year.</p>

      <p>Rio normally helped out in the fields during the afternoon, but ever since he returned to the village, he spent every day hunting until dark, catching prey to be processed into preserved food. Naturally, the amount of contact he had with the non-hunter villagers decreased, and he had pretty much only seen Yuba and Ruri as of late.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Rio. Have you seen Sayo since you returned to the village?”</p>

      <p>One morning, as Rio was preparing to go hunt in the hunters shed, Shin approached him.</p>

      <p>“No. I’ve been busy with hunting, so I haven’t seen her...”</p>

      <p>“Sayo’s been asking after you lately. Does he seem busy with his hunting duties, does he look like he’s doing well... It’s annoying, so go see her at least once,” Shin said in a slightly blunt manner.</p>

      <p>“I apologize — it seems I have caused her to worry. I wanted to greet the others properly, too, so I’ll make some time either today or tomorrow to go see her,” Rio replied with an apologetic look of understanding.</p>

      <p>“...Make sure that you do.” Shin’s face darkened with a conflicted expression, and he nodded curtly.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>The next afternoon, Rio received permission from Dola to wrap up his hunting in the morning and head down the mountain. He made an effort to show up where more people were likely to be gathered and briefly greeted everyone. After stopping at a few work areas, his final stop was a workshop where the village girls were gathered.</p>

      <p>“Huh, Rio? What’s up?” Ruri noticed Rio’s presence first and came running over.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Ruri. I figured I hadn’t greeted anyone since coming back to the village, so I wanted to show my face to the people I hadn’t seen yet.”</p>

      <p>“I see. True, everyone was worried ‘cause you were gone... Wait, huh? What’s with the faces, everyone?”</p>

      <p>Rio and Ruri had been casually holding their conversation as every girl present watched on with dumbfounded expressions. Once Ruri noticed that, she faltered.</p>

      <p>“Tone!” The girls answered in unison.</p>

      <p>“Tone?” Ruri cocked her head as Rio smiled wryly in realization of something.</p>

      <p>“Your tone to Sir Rio! Why are you speaking to him so casually, Ruri?!” One of the girls pointed out, finally making Ruri understand the situation.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah, that’s because...”</p>

      <p>“What does this mean, Ruri?” Naturally, the girls all closed in on Ruri unanimously.</p>

      <p>“No, umm...” Ruri’s gaze wandered, settling on Rio beside her for help. However, Rio took a nonchalant step back, adamantly taking on the role of an innocent bystander.</p>

      <p><em>R-Rio!!</em> Ruri stared at him with reproachful eyes.</p>

      <p><em>You’re the one being interrogated, Ruri. If I stepped forward now, things would only get more complicated.</em></p>

      <p><em>That may be true...! But still!</em></p>

      <p>And so on. They exchanged conversation through their gazes, but to the girls, that only made everything seem all the more suspicious, and their silent pressure continued to grow stronger by the minute.</p>

      <p>A cold sweat ran down Ruri’s back at the keen gazes of the girls focused on her.</p>

      <p>“W-We’re living in the same house, so I asked him to stop talking to me in that stiff way all the time because it got tiring. It’s no big deal, really.” Ruri dodged the question with an adequate answer. She couldn’t tell them the real reason: that they were cousins.</p>

      <p>“............” The girls all looked at each other. It wasn’t a reason they couldn’t believe, but there was something still suspicious about it — the woman’s intuition they held was telling them that.</p>

      <p>“Ruri... told me quite some time ago to change my manner of speech, but is it so odd after all? I am afraid I am still not quite used to it...” Rio asked the girls worriedly at just the right moment.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s not odd...”</p>

      <p>The girls weren’t able to persistently hound Rio like they did with Ruri, so they shook their heads reluctantly. Because they stopped pursuing the topic for the moment, Ruri let out a sigh of relief.</p>

      <p><em>Hmph, he doesn’t even know how I feel...</em></p>

      <p>Seeing the corner of Rio’s lips curl up in amusement made Ruri pout, but Rio just started to speak to the girls with feigned ignorance. He apologized for worrying them when he left the village so suddenly, and so on.</p>

      <p>“I’ve worried you too, Sayo. I heard from Shin.”</p>

      <p>“F-From my brother? U-Umm, did he say anything strange?”</p>

      <p>“No, not particularly...”</p>

      <p>“Is that so... Then, that’s fine. So, umm, with Ruri...” Sayo seemed relieved, then muttered the start of a question.</p>

      <p>“Yes, what is it?”</p>

      <p>“I-It’s nothing...” When Rio tilted his head, she timidly withdrew her words.</p>
</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>