<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: In A World Like This</h1>

      <p>The year was 1000 of the Holy Era.</p>

      <p>One day, several months after Rio had left the Yagumo region... Somewhere in the world, someone had been waiting for that moment, as though it had been predicted.</p>

      <p><em>Looks like it’s about time.</em></p>

      <p>The Strahl region was reflected in their eyes. In the next moment, six pillars of light shot out of multiple points in the region, aiming straight up at the skies. The light pillars instantly tore through the heavens, overwhelming onlookers with their blinding light for some time.</p>

      <p>However, the person in question simply observed the light with a blank expression.</p>

      <p><em>Nothing’s changed from a thousand years ago. Even so, the world’s history is about to move. No... The chance of it moving has been birthed. Whether it changes, repeats, or stagnates like this...</em></p>

      <p>Any further ahead than that was unknown to this person — therefore, they simply observed the now, and the future hereafter.</p>

      <p><em>Oh? Seems like there are many lost children this time. Hm? This is...</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, they narrowed their eyes. No sooner than they did, their eyes opened in focus. A single human was reflected in their eyes.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, after the six pillars of light had lost their glow, in the southeast area of the Strahl region, two girls and a boy stood isolated in a grass-covered field.</p>

      <p>One of them was a high school student in her uniform, one was a middle school student in her school uniform, and one was a primary school student in his casual clothes — no one wore clothing appropriate for traveling in a grassy area.</p>

      <p>The three children looked around at their surroundings in a daze. Their frozen expressions were understandable; the modern townscape they were surrounded by moments ago had completely disappeared, after all.</p>

      <p>A grass field spread around them, with the only other things in sight being rocks, hills, and mountains, with no sign of anything man-made.</p>

      <p>“...Where, is this?”</p>

      <p>“...Don’t ask me.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry. I wasn’t asking you — I was asking Miharu.”</p>

      <p>The middle school girl and primary school boy went back and forth, not having yet accepted their reality. Shortly after, the two simultaneously looked up at the high school girl named Miharu.</p>

      <p>“E-Erm, for now... L-Let’s check where we are on the smartphone.”</p>

      <p>Miharu put on a smile to reassure the two and hurriedly took out her phone from her school bag. Then, with trembling hands, she pressed the button and started up the screen. “<em>Out of range</em>” was fruitlessly displayed at the corner of the screen.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇◇◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, elsewhere in the Strahl region at the exact same time...</p>

      <p><em>Haruto.</em></p>

      <p><em>...haru... ...-er...</em></p>

      <p><em>...-ve ...them.</em></p>

      <p>The oddly-familiar voice of a girl echoed inside Rio’s head.</p>

    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>