<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>King’s Proposal, Vol. 2: The Crested Ibis Demon</title>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:1feb6ea8-48cc-4ba5-a85c-d5eed77e3c06" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section aria-labelledby="ch3" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter">
<a id="ch3"></a>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 33. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_33" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>Mushiki, still dazed, rested a hand on his forehead as he glanced down at the display.</p>
<p class="TX">It looked to be an official website for the Garden. So not only was there a video-sharing site and a social networking service, but this one, too?</p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ellipse">…</span>An article about the interschool demonstration battle<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>? What of it?”</p>
<p class="TX">Indeed, the article on the screen was about the very match against the Shadow Tower’s representatives who, as Saika, he had just approved a short while ago.</p>
<p class="TX">It seemed that the Garden’s representatives had also just been decided. Kuroe had said the contestants would be announced right before the event—but come to think of it, there <span class="ITAL">were</span> only two more days to go, so maybe he shouldn’t have been so surprised.</p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ITAL">Honoka Moegi (third year).</span></p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ITAL">Touya Shinozuka (third year).</span></p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ITAL">Ryouji Endou (third year).</span></p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ITAL">Ruri Fuyajoh (second year).</span></p>
<p class="TX">“Ah, you’re in there,” Mushiki exclaimed.</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh?” Ruri’s eyes opened wide in surprise.</p>
<p class="TX">No doubt her shock wasn’t at the fact that she had been chosen as one of the Garden’s representatives, which she must have already known, but rather that Mushiki had decided to focus on that point.</p>
<p class="TX">“Yep, I was pretty sure you’d be picked, Ruri.”</p>
<p class="TX">“Well<span class="ellipse">…</span> That’s the thing<span class="ellipse">…</span> Hee-hee<span class="ellipse">…</span> I guess I was just lucky<span class="ellipse_comma">…</span>,” she said shyly, her cheeks turning slightly red.</p>
<p class="TX">Mushiki shook his head. “There’s no need to be modest. You have the skills. You’re amazing, really. I’ll be cheering for you all the way!”</p>
<p class="TX">“I-it’s not like I’ll be doing it for <span class="ITAL">you</span><span class="ellipse">…</span> But thanks?!”</p>
<p class="TX">“Yep. Good luck, Ruri!” he said warmly.</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh-hmm<span class="ellipse_exclamatory">…</span>!” she hummed, turning away to leave.</p>
<p class="TX">A few seconds later, as though suddenly remembering something, her shoulders shook, and she quickly came back.</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 34. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_34" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“<span class="ellipse">…</span>Why are you ending the conversation like that?!” she cried.</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh? Um<span class="ellipse">…</span> Sorry.”</p>
<p class="TX">He hadn’t meant to bring the discussion to a close, and strictly speaking, it was Ruri who had tried to leave<span class="ellipse">…</span> But he apologized anyway.</p>
<p class="TX">Watching on from the sidelines, Clara broke out into gales of laughter. “Ah-ha-ha, your sister’s pretty funny, huh?”</p>
<p class="TX">Ruri glared at her, then thrust her phone in front of Mushiki yet again.</p>
<p class="TX">“Look farther down! What the hell did you do?!”</p>
<p class="TX">“Farther down<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?”</p>
<p class="TX">As instructed, he glanced to the bottom of the screen<span class="ellipse">…</span></p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ellipse">…</span>Huh?”</p>
<p class="TX">As he made out the words, his eyes shot wide open.</p>
<p class="TX">But that response was only natural.</p>
<p class="TX">After all, at the bottom of the Garden’s lists of selected representatives—the name <span class="ITAL">Mushiki Kuga</span> stood out in brilliant letters.</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh<span class="ellipse">…</span> Eh? How<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?”</p>
<p class="TX">He could only gape in incomprehension. It made no sense.</p>
<p class="TX">Ruri, however, wasn’t about to let up. “The Garden’s five representatives are supposed to be the school’s best and brightest. So why were <span class="ITAL">you</span>, a new transfer student, picked?!”</p>
<p class="TX">“N-no<span class="ellipse">…</span> I don’t understand it, either. Wasn’t it an AI that picked out the names? There has to be some sort of mistake<span class="ellipse">…</span>”</p>
<p class="TX">“—!”</p>
<p class="TX">Ruri jumped back in alarm, having apparently realized something.</p>
<p class="TX">“I see<span class="ellipse">…</span> If that’s case<span class="ellipse_comma">…</span>,” she mumbled, deep in thought, before glancing up and calling out at the top of her lungs, “Silvelle?! Are you there?!”</p>
<p class="TX">The next moment, with perfect timing, the figure of a young girl appeared directly in front of Mushiki.</p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ITAL">“Yes! You called?”</span></p>
<p class="TX">“What<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?!” he gawked.</p>
<p class="TX">She had simply <span class="ITAL">appeared</span>—and that was the only way he could <span aria-label=" Page 35. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_35" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>describe it. She hadn’t walked over from anywhere, nor had she fallen from the sky or crawled out from the ground. Her body had simply formed from rapidly amassing particles of glittering light.</p>
<p class="TX">Her long, silvery hair was as straight as could be, as though held down by gravity, and her radiant smile gave her the look of a saint. Her white robe only complemented her graceful beauty but was unable to conceal her buxom chest, so large that it seemed to contrast with her otherwise virtuous appearance.</p>
<p class="TX">“Wh-what the<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?” Mushiki yelled in shock.</p>
<p class="TX">“This is Silvelle, the artificial intelligence that manages the Garden’s databases and provides security for the entire campus,” Ruri murmured in explanation.</p>
<p class="TX">“Artificial intelligence<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>? But she’s really here<span class="ellipse">…</span>”</p>
<p class="TX">“As a projection. Try touching her,” Ruri instructed.</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh? Like this?” he asked, before reaching out.</p>
<p class="TX">Without any resistance, his hand sank straight through her chest. Indeed, just as Ruri had suggested, the girl had no physical body.</p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ITAL">“Kyargh!”</span></p>
<p class="TX">“Eh?”</p>
<p class="TX">But before he could say anything more, Silvelle’s cheeks turned scarlet as she hugged her chest tightly.</p>
<p class="TX">Her movements were so smooth that they could have been programmed just for this purpose. The attention that her designers had put into crafting her was readily apparent.</p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ITAL">Oh dear</span><span class="ITAL_ellipse">…</span> <span class="ITAL">You’re a bad boy. I’m sorry, but I don’t have a physical body. If I did, I might be able to quell that raging bull inside you</span>,” she said with a gentle smile.</p>
<p class="TX">The discrepancy between her words and actions was incredible.</p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ITAL">Wh-where</span> are you touching her?!” Ruri screamed in his ear.</p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ellipse">…</span>And <span class="ITAL">she</span> was the one who had suggested trying it.</p>
<p class="TX">Her reaction <span class="ITAL">was</span> a little unreasonable—but it was also true that Mushiki had been somewhat careless, and any further complaint would only complicate the situation even more. With that thought, he gave a meek bow.</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 36. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_36" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“Seriously, Silvelle<span class="ellipse">…</span> You’re the one who picked the names for the exhibition match, right? I’d like to ask you a few questions about that.”</p>
<p class="TX">At this, Silvelle fixed Ruri with a sweet smile. <span class="ITAL">“Sis.”</span></p>
<p class="TX">“Huh?”</p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ITAL">“You need to call me</span> Sis. <span class="ITAL">But I guess</span> Sister <span class="ITAL">would be okay, too, maybe?”</span></p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ellipse">…</span>”</p>
<p class="TX">Ruri’s cheeks twitched, a vein throbbing on her forehead. Nonetheless, she eventually exhaled with a strained, inexpressive sound: “Silvelle. Sis.”</p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ITAL">Hmm</span><span class="ITAL_ellipse">…</span> <span class="ITAL">That’s good enough, I suppose. An elder sister is expected to have a big, open heart, you know?</span>” Silvelle said, cupping her chin with her index finger. <span class="ITAL">“So I’ll answer your questions, my lovely Ruuru</span><span class="ITAL_ellipse">…</span> <span class="ITAL">Yes, I made the selection. I’m proud to say I based my decision on a wide range of comprehensive data points, including each mage’s grades and combat performance. Don’t worry, there wasn’t any question when it came to your selection, Ruuru! No complaints there, I hope?”</span></p>
<p class="TX">No doubt that by <span class="ITAL">Ruuru</span>, she meant Ruri.</p>
<p class="TX">Ruri looked like she had something to say about all that, but she let it slide for the time being. “I don’t care about me right now<span class="ellipse">…</span> Why did you pick Mushiki? He’s just an amateur who only recently transferred into the Garden. This has to be some kind of mistake, right?”</p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ITAL">“Not at all. I took a comprehensive look at Mukkie and determined that he qualifies to be a representative of the Garden.”</span></p>
<p class="TX">“Mukkie?” he repeated, pointing to himself.</p>
<p class="TX">That seemed to be her nickname for him.</p>
<p class="TX">Clara, watching on, appeared to find the whole exchange somehow amusing.</p>
<p class="TX">Ruri, however, didn’t laugh one bit, and her eyes expressed irritation. “I said I want to know why! What on earth made you come to <span class="ITAL">that</span> decision?!”</p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ITAL">Very well</span>,” Silvelle said with a glowing smile.</p>
<div class="LI_SB"></div>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 37. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_37" role="doc-pagebreak"></span><span class="ITAL">“Mukkie’s records show that he has single-handedly defeated a mythic-class annihilation factor.”</span></p>
<div class="LI_SB"></div>
<p class="TX">That revelation was simply too much to process.</p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ellipse">…</span>”</p>
<p class="TX">A few seconds passed, the whole area remaining silent.</p>
<p class="TX">Ruri wore a blank look, and even Mushiki himself was speechless.</p>
<p class="TX">But that wasn’t at all surprising.</p>
<p class="TX">A mythic-class annihilation factor. That term struck a chord in his memory. It seemed to be a generic name for twelve of the most potent threats that the world had faced over time, dangers that only Saika could defeat. When he had first heard of them, he had remarked to himself how incredible Saika was, so it was only natural that he remembered the name.</p>
<p class="TX">But he couldn’t comprehend the rest of Silvelle’s sentence.</p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ellipse">…</span>Huh?”</p>
<p class="TX">It was Ruri who finally broke the silence.</p>
<p class="TX">She rested a hand against her forehead in disbelief. “A mythic-class annihilation factor? <span class="ITAL">Single-handedly?</span> Hold on a second. What are you going on about, Silvelle? Don’t tell me you’re on the fritz there?”</p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ITAL">“H-how mean. You’ll make me cry saying that, you know?”</span> Silvelle raised her hands to her face as though to wipe away a stream of tears.</p>
<p class="TX">Ruri, however, didn’t seem to have the patience to respond to this delicate gesture. “Just so we’re clear, a mythic-class annihilation factor<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>? We’re talking about <span class="ITAL">those</span>, right? Threats that can’t be measured by the regular grading system, so they get assigned a special ranking?”</p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ITAL">“That’s our Ruuru! You know your stuff!”</span></p>
<p class="TX">“Enough with the fake compliments<span class="ellipse">…</span> There have only been twelve cases like that over the past five hundred years, and Madam Witch dealt with each one of them, right?”</p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ITAL">“Yes. But I should note—a thirteenth case was confirmed just recently.”</span></p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 38. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_38" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?!”</p>
<p class="TX">Ruri’s eyes widened at this latest piece of information.</p>
<p class="TX">Nevertheless, she must have determined that her first priority was to confirm the details, as she asked in her quavering voice, “A-and you’re saying<span class="ellipse">…</span><span class="ITAL">Mushiki</span> defeated it<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?”</p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ITAL">“Affirmative. It’s so hard to believe, but you went all out for everyone in the Garden, didn’t you, Mukkie? Your big sis Silvelle here was moved to tears.”</span></p>
<p class="TX">“What kind of annihilation factor was it?! And how did Mushiki manage to stop it?!”</p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ITAL">That information has been marked as confidential</span>,” Silvelle said without once dropping her beaming smile.</p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ellipse">…</span>”</p>
<p class="TX">Ruri fell silent for a moment, then quickly grabbed Mushiki by the arm as he tried, unsuccessfully, to sneak away.</p>
<p class="TX">“Eeep!”</p>
<p class="TX">“What’s the meaning of this, Mushiki?! When did you<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?! No, <span class="ITAL">how</span> did you<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?!”</p>
<p class="TX">“N-no, I don’t know what she’s talking about! I don’t<span class="ellipse">…</span>”</p>
<p class="TX">At that moment, a certain memory flashed through his mind.</p>
<p class="TX">He <span class="ITAL">didn’t</span> know anything about any mythic-class annihilation factors. That was the honest truth.</p>
<p class="TX">However, a few weeks ago, he <span class="ITAL">had</span> confronted a foe equal to—or perhaps even superior to—such adversaries.</p>
<p class="TX">“Ah<span class="ellipse">…</span>”</p>
<p class="TX">Kuroe had mentioned something like this—that the term <span class="ITAL">annihilation factor</span> didn’t refer to specific creatures or entities but was a general name for anything that had the potential to destroy the world.</p>
<p class="TX">In that sense, <span class="ITAL">she</span> had certainly fit the bill.</p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?! What’s with that face?! Why do you look like you know what she’s blabbering on about?!”</p>
<p class="TX">“N-no, I’m not making any face<span class="ellipse">…</span> I don’t—”</p>
<p class="TX">“Don’t play dumb with me! You think I don’t understand my own brother’s reactions?!”</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>