<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>King’s Proposal, Vol. 2: The Crested Ibis Demon</title>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section aria-labelledby="ch23" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter">
<a id="ch23"/>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 188. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_188" role="doc-pagebreak"/><span class="ITAL">Huh? Why? So suddenly? Ah, Mushiki’s kissing me</span><span class="ITAL_ellipse">…</span></p>
<p class="TX">Her heart, which she had only just regained, pounded in her chest as a potent mix of euphoria and confusion flooded her mind.</p>
<p class="TX">On the cusp of desperation, had Mushiki finally decided to accept his fate? If that was the case, then she had a responsibility to accept him graciously. After all, it was he who had defeated her despised enemy, he who had freed her from <span class="ITAL">her</span><span class="ellipse">…</span></p>
<p class="TX">However—</p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ellipse">…</span>Hah<span class="ellipse">…</span>”</p>
<p class="TX">The next moment, Clara let out an astonished gasp.</p>
<p class="TX">But that was to be expected.</p>
<p class="TX">After all, before her very eyes, Mushiki’s body began to glow with a faint light—before transforming into something else.</p>
<p class="TX">Long, radiant hair. A perfectly proportioned face. And in the center of it all, a pair of eyes aglow in every color imaginable.</p>
<p class="TX">Yes. There was no way that she, who had merged with the Ouroboros, could have mistaken her.</p>
<p class="TX">This was none other than—</p>
<p class="TX">“Saika<span class="ellipse">…</span>Kuozaki<span class="ellipse_exclamatory">…</span>!”</p>
<p class="TX">The detestable woman who had once defeated the Ouroboros before dismembering it into twenty-four separate pieces.</p>
<p class="TX">“Clara.” Saika’s lips moved quietly.</p>
<p class="TX">But something about her voice struck her as different from the Saika whom she remembered.</p>
<p class="TX">“You’ve robbed the right of death from those of the Tower, you’ve hurt Kuroe and Ruri, and now you’re trying to destroy Saika’s precious Garden<span class="ellipse">…</span> But I won’t let you.”</p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ellipse_questionmark">…</span>?!”</p>
<p class="TX">Chaos flooded her brain. That voice was unmistakably Saika’s, but her overall tone and atmosphere were that of her beloved Mushipi.</p>
<p class="TX">“<span class="ellipse">…</span>Maybe you have your reasons. Maybe this all seems sensible from your viewpoint<span class="ellipse">…</span> But if your plan is to usurp what matters most to <span aria-label=" Page 189. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_189" role="doc-pagebreak"/>Saika<span class="ellipse">…</span>” She paused there, before continuing with silent determination, “<span class="ellipse">…</span>I’m going to stop you—by any means necessary.”</p>
<p class="TX">With those words, Saika slowly lowered her gaze—once more revealing her eyes shining in a resplendence of color.</p>
<p class="TX">At that moment, Clara was struck with a sense of absolute certainty. This was, without a doubt, a completely different Saika Kuozaki from the one whom she had known.</p>
<p class="TX">Then, with a dauntless grin, Saika’s mouth opened once more. “I’m sorry, but I’m afraid Mushiki can’t go out with you. That kiss just now was meant as a farewell. Give him up.”</p>
<p class="TX">So came the words of rejection.</p>
<p class="TX">The next moment, a four-layered world crest unfolded over Saika’s head almost like a broad witch’s hat.</p>
<div class="LI_SB1"/>
<p class="TX1">“The creation of all things,” he intoned.</p>
<p class="TX">A beautiful voice emanated from Mushiki—sounding simultaneously of his and someone else’s.</p>
<p class="TX">Saika Kuozaki. Those words had been spoken by the most powerful mage in the world, the Witch of Resplendent Color.</p>
<p class="TX">In fact, though he could feel a deep trembling in his throat, Mushiki himself uttered that phrase only half aware.</p>
<p class="TX">“Heaven and earth alike reside in the palm of my hand.”</p>
<p class="TX">A fantastic, variegated stream of light coursed through his field of vision.</p>
<p class="TX">Such was the light of Saika’s magic—the glow of the four-layered world crest that hovered above his head.</p>
<p class="TX">That light engulfed the space around them, warping it anew.</p>
<p class="TX">Painting over the world itself.</p>
<p class="TX">Mushiki, having undergone a state conversion into Saika Kuozaki, manifested her fourth substantiation as a sense of utmost omnipotence coursed through his body.</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 190. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_190" role="doc-pagebreak"/>“Pledge obedience<span class="ellipse">…</span> For I will make of you my bride.”</p>
<p class="TX">With those words, the dimly lit cemetery was overwritten by an azure-blue sky stretching outward without end.</p>
<p class="TX">Then, from both above and below, more skyscraper-like edifices than the eye could count loomed over Clara like the jaw of some immense beast.</p>
<p class="TX"><span class="ITAL">This</span> was Saika Kuozaki’s fourth substantiation—<span class="ITAL">this</span> was why she was regarded as the strongest mage.</p>
<p class="TX">A labyrinth of extremes, capable of slaughtering anything caught within.</p>
<p class="TX">“—.”</p>
<p class="TX">Clara, half stunned, surrendered herself to the fourth substantiation.</p>
<p class="TX">As pallid as a ghost, she glanced toward Mushiki, now in the guise of Saika. “Ah, I get it,” she murmured, having figured it all out. “So that’s it. Incredible. So you and Mushipi are already together<span class="ellipse">…</span> I guess there was never any room for me, huh?”</p>
<p class="TX">Such were Clara’s final words.</p>
<p class="TX">The next moment, like a piece of rubbish caught helplessly in the wind, her figure was swallowed up by a swarm of collapsing structures.</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>