<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Hey now, Cosette. Don’t be rude to Lady Celia. I’m terribly sorry about her, Lady Celia,” Natalie said immediately.</p>

      <p>“I’ll also have a strong word with her later,” Aria added, making Cosette stiffen with a groan.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need for that. Today is a day for social exchange and there’s no need to be so formal. I’m glad to have the chance to talk to the people Aria normally works with. You’re surrounded by some wonderful colleagues, Aria,” Celia giggled, looking at Aria.</p>

      <p>“Yes. It’s all thanks to you.” Aria shrugged as if in exasperation and then nodded, but her expression softened faintly.</p>

      <p>“You were classmates with Lady Celia, right?” Natalie asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s right,” Aria replied.</p>

      <p>“Aria’s always as strict as a demon from hell, but was she this strong in school too?” Cosette asked Celia next.</p>

      <p>“There was no one who could beat Aria in swordsmanship. She was better than all the boys too. She was evenly matched against Haruto as well—you really are incredibly strong, Aria.”</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto was focused on defending until the very end, so I wouldn’t call us evenly matched...”</p>

      <p>“Really? To be honest, I don’t know much about swords...”</p>

      <p>“I was attacking rather seriously, but he parried everything easily. I’m not sure I would have a chance of winning if we fought until the end... At the very least, I wasn’t able to see all of Sir Haruto’s abilities in that match.” Aria looked back on her fight with Rio in contemplation.</p>

      <p>“Has Sir Haruto ever struggled with a fight until now?” Cosette asked Celia.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I wonder. It’s hard to measure his true strength, so I can’t imagine him losing... He’s just as strong as Aishia, I think,” Celia answered, looking over at where Aishia was seated with Miharu and Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“That’s true. I fought her briefly during the latter half of the lesson, but she was very strong. Lady Sara and Lady Alma too...” Natalie said.</p>

      <p>The latter half of the lesson had been a mock battle focused on Rio’s teachings, so Aishia, Sara, and Alma had assisted in conducting the matches, but Aishia had gone undefeated. Only Aria was able to fight until a tie was called. (Sara and Alma lost to Aria, but they won against every other participant.)</p>

      <p>“Her strength was one thing, but isn’t Aishia’s cuteness unmatched? When I saw her face close up, I was shocked at how refined it was... Her skin’s so white as well. I lost so quickly while I was staring out of envy.” Cosette let out a dreamy sigh in reverence.</p>

      <p>“At least fight properly...” Natalie muttered tiredly under her breath.</p>

      <p>“Ah ha ha... Her appearance can even captivate people of the same sex. I’ve gotten used to it while living with her, but sometimes I’m reminded of her beauty and lose confidence in myself,” Celia said listlessly.</p>

      <p>“Umm, your beauty is enough to make other women jealous as well, no?” Natalie protested to Celia.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. If you’re the same age as Aria, that makes you the same age as us—yet you still look like you’re in your teens. You’re like a fairy, a sweet young girl,” Cosette added.</p>

      <p>“I’m often told I have a baby face...” Celia hung her head in disappointment.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong with that? Maintaining your youth and beauty is your ultimate duty as a lady, no? Your appearance is a powerful weapon anyone would envy, Lady Celia. And I believe your senses have been numbed by all the beautiful girls around Sir Haruto, because you’re definitely included as one of them.”</p>

      <p>“Th-Thank you very much...” Celia said hesitantly, pressured by Cosette.</p>

      <p>“It looks like you’re all having fun.”</p>

      <p>Just then, Vanessa came up to them. Beside her was the captain of Charlotte’s guards, Louise.</p>

      <p>“Good day to you, Vanessa. I watched a part of your training earlier—I’m glad to see you’re better and back on your feet,” Celia, the one most familiar with Vanessa, said.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’m in my best condition thanks to Sir Amakawa. But that aside... Are the two of you acquainted with each other?” Vanessa looked between Celia and Aria.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, we were classmates back at the Royal Academy.” Celia glanced at Aria to check she was allowed to reply before giving her answer.</p>

      <p>“I see... That means your grade was a particularly impressive one, since you have a magic genius and a sword genius in the same year.”</p>

      <p>“Celia has achieved great success as a sorcerer, but you’re overevaluating me. I dropped out of the academy without ever graduating.”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s vexing, but there’s no doubt you were the most skilled out of all the participants today. Our kingdom suffered an immeasurable loss by letting you go so easily. The only consolation is that you went to our alliance kingdom, Galarc...”</p>

      <p>“It’s an honor to be told that, but it’s not that big of a deal.” Aria shook her head respectfully.</p>

      <p>“The same applies for Sir Amakawa, but it seems true geniuses are humble about themselves. The attendants of Duke Cretia’s daughter are all talented, but the head attendant is on another level—one of the leading swordmasters in the kingdom, for sure. That’s the word in the castle, and I consider the rumors to be true,” Louise said, joining in on the conversation by praising Aria.</p>

      <p>“It’s an honor...”</p>

      <p>“I’d love to invite someone as skilled as you into the royal guards, but...”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, I have no intention of serving anyone other than Lady Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>“What wonderful loyalty.”</p>

      <p>“Aria is both an attendant and a knight...”</p>

      <p>Louise gave an approving smile at Aria’s immediate reply, while Vanessa complimented her in admiration, though she seemed a little conflicted about it.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, I’m sure we’ll be seeing more of each other at the training sessions. Let’s get along well. As leaders of our own groups, it’d be nice to be close to each other.”</p>

      <p>“Of course, it’d be my pleasure.” Aria accepted the hand Vanessa offered to shake.</p>

      <p>“Sir Amakawa said he wasn’t confident in his abilities as an instructor, but it’s a rare opportunity to receive coaching from someone of his strength. The participants are all skilled as well. It’ll be a wonderful training experience. Let’s all strengthen our abilities together.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. We should be grateful to Her Highness for providing the opportunity, and to Sir Amakawa for agreeing to teach us.” Louise also shook hands with Aria.</p>

      <p>“We were even treated to a wonderful bath experience and a delicious meal afterwards. I would have liked to thank Sir Amakawa for it, but...”</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, it seems like he’s left the room for the moment. I’m sure he’ll show up again later, so please tell him then,” Celia said to Vanessa, who was looking around in search of Rio.</p>

      <p>“Right. My subordinates also wanted to speak to him. They’ll be disappointed,” Vanessa said with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“Mine too.” Louise echoed her sentiment with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Was there something they wished to discuss?” Celia asked, tilting her head.</p>

      <p>“Our work doesn’t provide much opportunity to meet new people. To be honest, everyone’s starved,” Vanessa explained.</p>

      <p>Women were normally used as guards for female royalty, but the constant changing of guards was looked down upon, which made the job rather difficult to quit. Many noblemen disliked how their resignation was restricted, so female knights were known for missing their prime marriage age, which only further spurred the lack of female knights for protecting female royalty.</p>

      <p>“The situation is the same in every kingdom, it seems.”</p>

      <p>“It’s similar for attendants as well.”</p>

      <p>Louise and Aria spoke with self-deprecating smiles. Beside them, Cosette and Natalie nodded firmly in agreement.</p>

      <p>“Ah ha ha...” Celia laughed awkwardly in understanding.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>