<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Interlude: A Conversation between Ruler and Saint</h1>

      <p>In the Proxia Castle, at the arena where Rio once crossed swords with Nidoll while infiltrating in search of Lucius’s whereabouts...</p>

      <p>There was a short boy with a halberd and a skinny man. The boy was Kikuchi Renji, who had worked as an adventurer after he was summoned into this world up until a short while ago. The skinny man was none other than the Proxia Empire’s ambassador, Reiss.</p>

      <p>Renji wielded his Divine Arms—the halberd—while running around the arena field.</p>

      <p>“Ha!”</p>

      <p>Renji was currently in the middle of combat training. Reiss had positioned himself in the spectator seats at a place with a good view, creating countless spheres of light and firing them at Renji from afar.</p>

      <p>“Haaagh!”</p>

      <p>Renji ran through the encircling net of light, occasionally swinging his halberd to mow down those who approached too close.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm... He’s able to move well now. His assessment of the situation has become more accurate as well.</em></p>

      <p>Reiss thought in praise of Renji’s growth while controlling the rain of light. Just then—</p>

      <p>“Sir Vulfe.”</p>

      <p>A knight ran over to Reiss. He seemed to be in a hurry, as he was panting slightly. Incidentally, “Vulfe” was Reiss’s family name when he was working as the Proxia Empire’s ambassador.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“The emperor has summoned you. Please make your way to the audience hall immediately.”</p>

      <p>“The audience hall...” Reiss placed a hand over his mouth in thought.</p>

      <p><em>I wasn’t given any advance warning, so it must be an unexpected visitor. Someone he’s willing to meet when he has no interest in government affairs... Either a very important guest, or a rare and unexpected one.</em></p>

      <p>Reiss guessed that much in an instant and smiled. It was most likely that Nidoll wanted Reiss present for that meeting.</p>

      <p>“I understand. I shall head there immediately. Please inform Renji that he is to train by himself for now.”</p>

      <p>With those words, Reiss ceased casting the countless light orbs and left.</p>

      <p><em>What...? Is training over for today? I was finally getting warmed up too...</em></p>

      <p>Surprised by the sudden end of the attacks, Renji looked up from the field and watched Reiss leave with a disappointed expression.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Ten minutes later, Reiss had arrived at the audience hall of the Proxia Castle. At the farthest end of the room, facing the door, was the platform where Emperor Nidoll Proxia sat on the throne, looking down on the visitor in the hall below the steps.</p>

      <p>There were only two people in the room other than Reiss. Reiss hid in a position that couldn’t be seen by the visitor to watch the scene.</p>

      <p><em>Well, this is a rather rare guest.</em> Reiss stared at the visitor and twisted his mouth in a crooked beam. It was a black-haired woman in a habit-styled dress. Normally, one wouldn’t be allowed to raise their head before Nidoll without permission, but...</p>

      <p>“What kind of nation can’t even offer a guest a chair? How boorish this so-called Proxia Empire must be.”</p>

      <p>The woman showed no particular reverence towards Nidoll and strongly expressed her displeasure instead. Her tone was calm and polite, but the content of her words was awfully provocative. A textbook example of superficial courtesy.</p>

      <p>“Bwa ha ha, the boor that barged in for an audience with no appointment is preaching manners? What absurdity.” Nidoll didn’t appear to be bothered by the woman’s words and attitude, laughing it off heartily.</p>

      <p><em>He’s enjoying himself</em>.</p>

      <p>Having known him for a long time, Reiss could trace Nidoll’s thoughts somewhat well. Nidoll normally lamented the boredom of staying inside the castle all the time, so he probably found the sudden appearance of an aggressive conversation partner amusing.</p>

      <p>“Since you accepted a sudden meeting with a stranger, I had high hopes the Proxia Emperor would be a broad-minded person... I guess I was wrong. You’re just a small fry who can’t even look at your conversation partner from the same eye level,” the woman said sadly, intentionally provoking Nidoll.</p>

      <p>“You’re not completely unknown to me. You’re the famous saint, aren’t you?” Nidoll smiled with the calmness of an emperor, guessing at her identity without falling for her provocations. Indeed, the woman was Saint Erica.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’ve heard of me?” Erica’s eyes widened in surprise.</p>

      <p>“I received word that one of my remote vassal states was overthrown and a new nation established.”</p>

      <p>“Word sure reached you fast.”</p>

      <p>“It was an interesting change in the boring state of international politics. It left an impression on me. What is your goal? Visiting the ruler of the suzerain state to the nation you overthrew with a revolution, all by yourself. Quite the whimsical move, really,” Nidoll said with a chuckle.</p>

      <p>“I merely came to observe this nation and meet its ruler,” Erica replied, boldly yet calmly.</p>

      <p>“Observe what, exactly?”</p>

      <p>“The lifestyle of the people in this nation and whether they’re being oppressed by the ruler—which would be you.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>“What’s so funny?”</p>

      <p>“A suspicious woman claiming to be the saint suddenly arrives and declares she’s judging whether the people are being oppressed to the emperor himself. Who wouldn’t laugh at that? It certainly isn’t the work of someone sane. However...” Nidoll stared at Erica, suppressing his laughter.</p>

      <p>“I’m perfectly sane, though.” Erica cocked her head curiously.</p>

      <p>“Very well... So how did this nation appear in your saint’s eyes?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not looking at the nation, but the people living within it. In other words, the citizens and their ruler.”</p>

      <p>“I consider that to be the same thing. And?”</p>

      <p>“Allow me to get straight to the point. Abdicate the throne and hand the nation to the people immediately. That will lead to the salvation of the people.” Erica glared coldly at Nidoll, who reclined in his throne arrogantly.</p>

      <p>“I cannot see how dragging the ruler from his throne will lead to salvation for the people. What if I refuse?”</p>

      <p>“Punitive justice,” Erica declared without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Would you like to try that right here and now?” Nidoll grinned in challenge, welcoming a fight. He gripped the hilt of the broadsword he carried everywhere with him, even the audience hall. However...</p>

      <p>“No, now is not the right time. There’s no revolution without the will of the people. The people of this nation must first learn.” Erica shook her head calmly.</p>

      <p>“Not the right time, you say? After making your way to the very heart of the empire and declaring war, do you expect to walk away freely?” Nidoll gestured to his sword, threatening to stand up and draw it at any moment.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I have no choice.”</p>

      <p>Erica didn’t falter. A beautiful khakkhara-like mace appeared out of seemingly nowhere, which she grasped in her hand. She stared back at Nidoll flatly, as though she thought nothing of him—like he wasn’t even worth her notice—and assumed a fighting stance.</p>

      <p>The air between the two of them was on the verge of erupting, when Nidoll suddenly spoke up.</p>

      <p>“I believed you a foolish woman drunk on power beyond your means, but it seems you’re no mere jester. You’re more of a wicked witch.” After staring at Erica’s face in suspicion, Nidoll lowered his hand from his sword hilt. He deemed Erica a witch, not a saint.</p>

      <p>“Heh. Heh heh heh. Calling a saint a witch? What harsh words.”</p>

      <p>It was at this moment that Erica showed a human-like emotion for the first time. Her mouth twisted in an ecstatic grin.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>