<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a slime</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:3bbafa91-935d-4e80-b9d3-2f0130b6b573" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter033">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter033">CHAPTER 5</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter033">THE TRAP OF GREED</a></h1>
<p class="noindent"><a id="page-293"></a>Once I’d rounded up all my officials together, I shared everything I learned with them, introducing Glenda and ensuring they accepted her. This, of course, meant exposing Glenda to their surveillance; she’d need to earn her trust with all of them.</p>
<p>I also introduced her to Kaijin and Kurobe, so they could get a chance to examine her handgun. She oughtta be able to restock her ammo here, too. Maybe we can even mass-produce those things? Honestly, I’d like one, too. I wasn’t gonna put them on sale, but maybe I could give them out to important people on some kind of licensing system. <em>They’d be cool to have, too</em>, I wickedly thought as the days passed by.</p>
<p class="space-break1">Soon, the day of our ruins expedition came. We were all set to go. Our expedition outfits were perfect, and I even had a prototype gun on my side.</p>
<p>It had piqued Kaijin’s interest enough that he produced a mold during the off-hours of his research. Dold then carved a seal into them that used magical power to trigger a small explosion inside the chamber—no gunpowder needed and no ejected cartridges. All you needed were some elliptical bullets, and off you went. It was sized at a third of an inch and could hold sixteen bullets. It used a blowback system that made the bolt retract with each shot, in order <a id="page-294"></a>to load the next bullet and eliminate the impact of the explosive charge.</p>
<p>The construction was more like a toy than anything, but even this had the power of a .44 Magnum. That was thanks to the gun’s magisteel make, which improved its shock resistance, and the inscription-driven explosive charge also delivered the maximum amount of power possible.</p>
<p>By the way, the force of this gun depended on the type of bullets used. Normally, it’d use plain old lead bullets, but for monsters, we also had magic-infused mithril shots. The force could differ depending on how much magic you put in, so you could say this weapon needed the right person using it to excel.</p>
<p>In terms of classification, it was a Rare, albeit one that could hit as hard as a Unique. A really interesting weapon to have around, one that even surprised Kaijin’s team as they made it. With the capability it had, I’d really like to make it standard-issue with our new troops, but as mentioned, that was up for discussion.</p>
<p>Frankly, this was something we’d normally never do. In a way, I made it to play out the classic tropes more than anything; I was reluctant to formally adopt it. We’d have to see how things went, perhaps lending it out only if we determined it to be truly necessary.</p>
<p>Such as today, for example. Carrying this around definitely completed my look. Any man’s got to have a little classic adventure in his life.</p>
<p>“Ooh, this is really cool! The way it kind of recoils in my hands feels so awesome!” Gobta cried.</p>
<p>See? Gobta and I share the same good taste. Typically, these were for lending out only, but let’s give Gobta one as a present.</p>
<p>“You see what I mean, Gobta? But don’t go pointing it at people, all right? It’s dangerous.”</p>
<p>“Of course not! I’ll be real careful!”</p>
<p>He was overjoyed, while Ranga looked on jealously. <em>Ranga, you can’t use that thing. I’ll give you a fancy scarf, though, so make do with that.</em></p>
<p>“Hee-hee… I have Goriki-maru V2 with me, thank you. Not to mention the clothing you chose for me, Sir Rimuru…”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>