<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword"><div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>This is Isle Osaki. Thank you for reading volume ten of <em>Zero Believers</em>.</p>

      <p>We’ve started the millennium arc now, so outside of the protagonist and a certain goddess, all the characters are new. How did you like it? The cover character is actually a relatively early one, having appeared since volume two.</p>

      <p>I actually thought up this arc when I was creating the story for volume two and decided on the plot when Makoto and the Grandsage were talking. This is one of the climaxes of the story, so I’m exceptionally grateful that we’ve been able to continue publication. The arc is also rather long, and it’s the first one that is split. This tenth volume is basically the “gathering” part. Next time, we’ll start fighting the demon lords! This is how Demon Lord Cain ended up in his position as well...</p>

      <p>Lastly, it’s time for my special thanks. Momo’s character design is amazing, Tam-U! The manga version of Labyrinthos was great too, Hakuto Shiroi! Finally, S, I need to apologize for how late my submission was.</p>

      <p>And, to all of my readers, thank you once again. I hope you will continue to enjoy <em>Zero Believers</em> in the future.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>