<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Makoto Takatsuki Meets the Witch of Calamity</h1>

      <p>Ascareus Sanctus—a mountain with a sun temple at its summit. It was one of the famed places of Althena’s faith in Highland. History told of Saint Anna’s pilgrimage there to pray for a millennium of peace after defeating Iblis. I was pretty sure it was where Princess Noelle undertook her trials to become a saint too.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t remember any tales of Abel’s party traveling there in the original history, though. It’s not in the picture book, and I didn’t remember hearing anything like that at the Water Temple before.</em></p>

      <p>In other words, Ira was writing her own story. Would things work out? I was slightly uneasy, but I glanced at my companions.</p>

      <p>“Understood, Lady Estelle!”</p>

      <p>“If that is Lady Ira’s guidance...”</p>

      <p>“A holy mountain...that sounds incredible, Sir Makoto!”</p>

      <p>The three of them had sparkling eyes. Well, if they were all up for it, then...sure.</p>

      <p>“You should all spend at least a year at Ascareus Sanctus growing stronger,” said Ira. “Particularly you two, Hero, Sage.”</p>

      <p>“A year?!” I exclaimed.</p>

      <p>Ira looked at me. “You are rushing too much. Little Momo only became a sage recently, didn’t she? You need to train her properly.”</p>

      <p>I paused for a moment, overruled by what she’d said, then finally conceded. “Understood.” Honestly, Ira was right—Momo <em>didn’t</em> have enough training. There were many abilities that she could practice and develop. I turned to the girl. “Momo, you’re going to be getting your magic up to scratch with me for a while, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Got it!”</p>

      <p><em>At least she doesn’t seem against it.</em></p>

      <p>“Abel, Mel, looks like there’s been a change of plans,” I said. “Are you both okay with that?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll follow what you say,” Abel replied.</p>

      <p>Mel shrugged. “A year is hardly worth calling a delay.”</p>

      <p><em>Guess the other two have no objections either. Now the only thing left to do is let Johnnie know about the delay. </em></p>

      <p>With those plans solidified, I had only one thing on my mind.</p>

      <p>“Can I have a look at the magic items too?” I asked eagerly.</p>

      <p>“Of course. Take what you like.”</p>

      <p><em>Hell yes! Let’s goooo! </em>There were still plenty of things lined up. I raked my gleaming eyes over them, and Estelle—still possessed by Ira—strolled over.</p>

      <p>“What about this?” She pointed. “It’s a Red Feather Cloak.”</p>

      <p>“A cloak...? Hm, it looks hard to move in, so maybe not.”</p>

      <p>“You should at least try it on first.”</p>

      <p>Ira moved her arms around me, draping the cape over my shoulders. Oddly enough, it didn’t feel heavy? Actually, my body felt even lighter than usual.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s this?”</p>

      <p>“It’s imbued with gravity magic. The cloak enables some degree of flight and has protection against arrows and ranged magic. It also makes you lighter, which can lessen the burden of long travel. Impressive, no?”</p>

      <p>“It’s amazing!” I exclaimed. It was perfect! Ira had definitely been the one to gather all of these items. <em>I should take advantage of her advice. </em>“Is there anything else you’d recommend?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, what about these earrings? They suit you, right?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t you think they’re a bit girly? But they are cute though, yes.”</p>

      <p>“Right? I designed these. They reduce mana expenditure.”</p>

      <p>“Oooh.”</p>

      <p>“Go ahead, try them on.”</p>

      <p>“I can do it myself,” I protested.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I noticed several pairs of eyes on us.</p>

      <p>“Um...you both seem rather close,” Momo remarked with a suspicious look.</p>

      <p>“Elementalist.” Mel tilted her head, obviously interested. “Do you know the priestess?”</p>

      <p>“N-No!”</p>

      <p>“This is the first time we’ve met!”</p>

      <p>Both of us hurriedly shook our heads.</p>

      <p>“Really? Makoto?” Even Abel was staring at me doubtfully.</p>

      <p>I returned my attention to the magical items, and things were a little awkward as I picked several other things that Ira recommended.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Well, thank you for your help,” I said once we were done.</p>

      <p>“Thank you!” Momo chirped.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Lady Estelle.”</p>

      <p>“Please convey my regards to your goddess, Priestess.”</p>

      <p>Our group then stepped toward the exit of Ira’s hideout. As she watched us leave, she called out to us, her face stern and serious.</p>

      <p>“One more thing—there is a daily assembly held by the queen every morning. You’ll be charmed<em> </em>if you go there. So no participating, okay?”</p>

      <p>The four of us exchanged glances.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, that’s...”</p>

      <p>“The innkeeper mentioned that, didn’t he?” I murmured, remembering the conversation from this morning. He’d said something about a daily address from the queen.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, so <em>that’s</em> how the citizens are charmed...” Mel mused.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Momo’s eyes were wide in shock. “Wh-What do you mean?!”</p>

      <p>“Makoto, what are you...talking about?”</p>

      <p>Mel had sounded impressed, but the other two were clearly uneasy and unaware of what was really happening in Cornet. Mel and I quickly filled them in.</p>

      <p>“Why...” Momo trailed off for a moment. “Why would they do that?”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t realize...” Abel said softly.</p>

      <p>The two of them were pale-faced.</p>

      <p>Ira spoke once more. “Also, the queen knows about every person who enters the city, so those who don’t attend will be reported on. You shouldn’t stay here long. We will be escaping when we find our moment.”</p>

      <p>“She knows about us?” I asked, a chill running down my back.</p>

      <p>“The queen likely doesn’t know who you are...but she will know you are not charmed. All of the citizens are friendly, right? One casual question, and she will have people searching for you.”</p>

      <p>Her pronouncement was met with silence. <em>That’s way more “Big Brother” than expected...</em></p>

      <p>We thanked Ira for the information and then headed back to the inn.</p>

      <p>By the time we departed her hideout, it was late into the night. The lighting in the streets had mostly been extinguished, and there were very few people out. Still, it felt like we were being watched.</p>

      <p>The lights were still on when we got back to the inn, and the innkeeper greeted us with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back. You were out late.”</p>

      <p>“We were. Apologies for keeping you up,” Mel replied.</p>

      <p>“Not at all. After all, you only just arrived in Cornet—it makes sense that you’d go looking for some excitement. Although...no place I know of is open at this hour. Where were you?”</p>

      <p>I jolted. “Um...”</p>

      <p>The conversation with Ira passed through my mind. We couldn’t be careless here.</p>

      <p>Before I could come up with any excuses, Mel easily broke in. “She fell asleep, so we let her rest.”</p>

      <p>“Ah...yeah. I dropped off,” Momo said childishly.</p>

      <p>The innkeeper nodded. “I see. The day must have been tiring. Rest well, young lady. However...the queen’s address is still happening tomorrow morning, so I will wake you up then.”</p>

      <p>“G-Got it,” I answered.</p>

      <p>That fixed smile hadn’t left the innkeeper’s face. I forced a clumsy smile of my own to finish off the conversation. As we headed for our room, I could feel his gaze on our backs. We climbed to the second floor and entered our room, and only then did I let out a massive breath.</p>

      <p>“We need to leave by the morning,” I told everyone. Ira’s words had changed my perspective on the innkeeper’s friendliness—he was absolutely terrifying.</p>

      <p>“Indeed.” Mel nodded. “We should avoid the assembly. Let us follow the priestess’s advice.”</p>

      <p>“Why...is she doing this?” asked Abel. “Leading a nation or not, surely using <em>Charm</em> on them is too much?”</p>

      <p>“Well, if it keeps the peace... Though I do not feel it is necessary either.” Mel’s words were heavy.</p>

      <p>Momo shuddered out a breath. “I’m scared.”</p>

      <p>“It’ll be fine,” I soothed, stroking her head.</p>

      <p>We all quickly gathered our belongings, and once everything was together, Abel turned to us. “How are we getting out of the city?”</p>

      <p>“The innkeeper is up now, so we’ll sneak out before dawn,” I reasoned. “It will be dangerous getting out of the gates...but maybe Mel could carry us out on her back?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Do you recall the plaza on the main street we visited this morning? It would be perfect for that. I would have sufficient space, even in my dragon form.”</p>

      <p>Ah, yeah—that was where we’d shared skewers on that bench, and it was certainly a large, open plaza.</p>

      <p><em>Our destination’s settled, then.</em></p>

      <p>We took turns sleeping, then sneaked out before dawn. Luckily, we’d paid for our rooms in advance, and the innkeeper wasn’t around. Slowly, we crept through the darkened streets. It was still a little while before dawn, and there was not a soul to be seen on the streets. Before long, we arrived at the plaza.</p>

      <p>Mel was just about to transform and carry us out when it happened.</p>

      <p>“Oh, travelers. You are leaving already?”</p>

      <p>The voice was beautiful—I felt like my heart skipped a beat just hearing it. Before I could think better of it, I turned around to see who had spoken.</p>

      <p>A woman was standing there. She had long, dark, glossy hair, and her eyes were a deep purple. Her dress matched her hair, and it wrapped around her, showing off a figure that seemed almost otherworldly. For a brief instant, I thought I was looking at the Priestess of the Moon that I knew so well.</p>

      <p>Behind this woman...were several hundred knights in dark armor.</p>

      <p>She was obviously of high status. Of course, I didn’t have to guess who she was—I already knew.</p>

      <p>Still, I decided to ask for the benefit of my other party members. “And who would you be?”</p>

      <p>I expected her not to answer, but she did so openly.</p>

      <p>“I am Nevia, the ruler of Laphroaig. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance.” She smiled elegantly.</p>

      <p>Queen Nevia of Laphroaig—otherwise known as the Witch of Calamity. She was known as a traitor to the people of the western continent and was also the Priestess of the Moon in this era.</p>

      <p>“Elementalist, we’re surrounded,” Mel said.</p>

      <p>“So it seems.”</p>

      <p>More armor-clad knights appeared from the shadows of the buildings around the plaza. They were the Temple Knights of the country...or, that’s what they should’ve been.</p>

      <p>Why were they waiting for us? Had the innkeeper spotted us leaving and reported us? Well, the details didn’t matter now—we’d stumbled into a trap.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I worried someone had seen our rendezvous with Ira. I dropped a hand to rest lightly on the necklace I was wearing.</p>

      <p><em>“Iraaaa? Can you hear me?”</em></p>

      <p>Ira’s sleepy voice responded moments later.</p>

      <p><em>“What do you want at this hour? Have you slipped out of the city?”</em></p>

      <p>Huh, she’d been sleeping? She was sure taking it easy. I was glad she was safe.</p>

      <p><em>“We’re currently surrounded by the queen and her subordinates,”</em> I told her.</p>

      <p><em>“What?! Are you okay?! What do you need?!”</em></p>

      <p><em>“We’ll manage. You take care.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“W-Wait right there! Are you really—”</em></p>

      <p>I cut off the call.</p>

      <p>“So, would you tell me your names?” the queen asked, her eyes glowing gold.</p>

      <p>“Momo, don’t look! Mel!”</p>

      <p>“Got it!”</p>

      <p>I immediately covered Momo’s eyes, and Mel did the same to Abel.</p>

      <p>“Mel, are you good?” I asked, frantically glancing over to her.</p>

      <p>“Yes...but even I can only barely resist. To think a human is behind this...” A shimmering sheen of sweat coated her face. “Elementalist, you will not be able to resist it as a human of your lev—”</p>

      <p>“<em>Charm</em> has no effect on me at all,” I interrupted. “I’m fine.”</p>

      <p>Mel offered a strained smile. “You are as mysterious as ever.”</p>

      <p>“My <em>Charm</em> has no effect?” the queen asked, her eyes widening. Those same eyes started glowing brighter.</p>

      <p>“Your Majesty, we actually have an urgent engagement,” I said. “Please, allow us to leave the city despite the early hour.”</p>

      <p>I doubted she would let us go, but it was still worth a shot.</p>

      <p>“You can look me in the eye and still disobey...” she murmured. “Truly, you are intriguing. I would very much enjoy a conversation with you. I will prepare tea and snacks.”</p>

      <p>At that, the knights all rushed toward us.</p>

      <p>“Mel! Let’s move!”</p>

      <p>“Got it! Buy me ten seconds!”</p>

      <p>“Roger!”</p>

      <p>That short conversation was all we could manage.</p>

      <p><em>Time Magic: Mind Accel</em>.</p>

      <p>I sped up my thoughts.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Wha?” stammered Momo.</p>

      <p>“Um?!” Abel exclaimed. “What’s going on?!”</p>

      <p>“You two, stay calm.”</p>

      <p>Momo and Abel were panicking and confused, with their eyes still covered. There wasn’t any time to explain, though.</p>

      <p>“Dia!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, my liege?”</p>

      <p>Even as I summoned her, the knights were drawing closer.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Mist</em>!”</p>

      <p>As my yell echoed through the plaza, we were engulfed in a mist that cut down visibility to less than half a meter. My <em>Night Vision </em>skill let me peer through the spell, and I tracked the knights’ confused movements as they came to a stop.</p>

      <p><em>Three seconds.</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, I heard a command in Elemanti.</p>

      <p>“××××××××. (Blow it away, wind elementals.)”</p>

      <p>Within an instant, the mist had vanished. I peered around for the caster and soon spotted one of the knights wearing the most eye-catching black armor.</p>

      <p><em>Geh! Cain!</em></p>

      <p>Noah’s disciple was here! We were in trouble...</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Squall</em>!”</p>

      <p>The next spell I cast made it start pouring—it was as if a huge bucket of water was being upturned. The knights stirred in confusion, but Cain came charging straight at us.</p>

      <p>I glanced at the queen—she looked back calmly. Her body was wreathed in fire, and the rain wasn’t touching her. <em>Probably barrier magic of some kind.</em></p>

      <p><em>Six seconds.</em></p>

      <p>“Die, heretic!”</p>

      <p>Cain raised his sword to cut us through, but then, the queen spoke.</p>

      <p>“Come now, don’t kill them, Cain. Then I can’t talk with him.”</p>

      <p>“Hm.”</p>

      <p>He halted, hesitating. Lucky us—this gave us time to have Dia start on the defensive.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Storm</em>.”</p>

      <p>My third spell summoned a peal of thunder, and dozens of bolts of lightning struck around the outside of the city. That made the queen’s expression change.</p>

      <p>“No! Check that none of the citizens’ homes have been damaged!” she ordered immediately.</p>

      <p>Cain stopped dead.</p>

      <p><em>Ten seconds.</em></p>

      <p>“We’re going!” shouted Mel, who had returned to her dragon form.</p>

      <p>Momo and Abel, still with their eyes closed, clung to her back. <em>Crap, I’m gonna be left behind!</em> I only had time to think that before my hand was gripped in her huge claw. <em>Thanks, Mel!</em></p>

      <p>“Tch!”</p>

      <p>Cain slashed at me again.</p>

      <p>“Dia!”</p>

      <p>“Suuuuure.”</p>

      <p>That easygoing response was accompanied by a few dozen ice barriers, which appeared in front of Cain. Of course, the relic he wielded ripped through them, but it was enough to buy us time.</p>

      <p>“Queen Nevia!” I called just before Mel flew off. “All of the lightning was outside the city!”</p>

      <p>For a split second, I thought she looked thankful.</p>

      <p>We were up in the air in an instant, and the town grew smaller behind us. Mel flew on at an incredible speed, leaving Cornet far behind us.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“We made it...and it seems we were not followed,” Mel remarked with a sigh. She’d transferred me up to her back.</p>

      <p>“What’s going on?” Momo asked uneasily. “That was...<em>Cain</em> with her, wasn’t it?” Momo might have had her eyes closed, but the queen had called him by name.</p>

      <p>Abel spoke next, and his voice was shaking. But it was anger that flooded his words, not fear or unease. “Why... Why was the queen with him...? I-It...doesn’t make sense...”</p>

      <p>I’d been surprised to see Cain there as well. Was Laphroaig his base? If so, it’d be a good idea to stay far away.</p>

      <p><em>“Ira,”</em> I said through the necklace, “<em>we got away. Are you still safe?”</em></p>

      <p><em>“Yes, I’m fine. Please, don’t worry me like that.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“We just met Cain. Did you know he was in the country?”</em></p>

      <p><em>“What?! N-No way!”</em></p>

      <p>Apparently not—she would’ve told us if she’d known. But Cain was just as devout to Noah as I was, so she probably couldn’t see his future.</p>

      <p><em>“I’ll leave the city soon too,”</em> she said.</p>

      <p><em>“Please do.” </em></p>

      <p>It’d be no laughing matter if Estelle was killed... <br/><br/></p>

      <p>We spent a whole day flying. We soared across the borders of Laphroaig, and eventually, we spotted the mountain range at the edge of the continent.</p>

      <p>At the center of those mountains was Arcareus Sanctus.</p>

      <p>Apparently, the temple itself was concealed by barrier magic, which kept it hidden from sight. But Ira had told us how to find it.</p>

      <p>“There are seven peaks in a row—only by visiting them in a specific order can you reach the temple. It is an inconvenient barrier, but that is what makes it safe,” I heard Mel mumble.</p>

      <p>And indeed, she proceeded to trace a strange, specific path through the air. All at once, the scenery changed. A spring that looked almost like an oasis flowed across the mountain’s summit, surrounded by greenery.</p>

      <p>Standing inconspicuously near it was the temple.</p>

      <p>We had reached the hidden holy ground—The Temple of the Sun.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>