<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Makoto Takatsuki Meets the Saint</h1>

      <p>The girl, who looked just like Princess Noelle, stared at me awkwardly, then finally spoke.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I am...Abel.”</p>

      <p>“You’re...a girl?” I asked in confusion.</p>

      <p>“Well... I’m not quite—”</p>

      <p>The dragon suddenly cut her off. “<em>You carry the blood of the avians, don’t you?”</em></p>

      <p>“Mel, when you say ‘avians,’ do you mean—”</p>

      <p><em>“Y-You...” </em>the dragon sputtered.<em> “Is ‘Mel’ supposed to mean </em>me<em>?! Well...call me as you will, I suppose. I </em>did<em> lose. And by ‘avians,’ I mean one of the races that serve the gods.”</em></p>

      <p>“A race that serves the gods...”</p>

      <p>Oh, I remembered now—I’d met some avians when Rosalie had taken Lucy and me on that world tour. They were a race of women with wings. So...was Abel one of them? I hadn’t heard anything about that in the legends, and it wasn’t in the picture book.</p>

      <p>I turned back to her—to Abel. Beautiful white wings unfurled from her back. She looked just like an angel.</p>

      <p>“The white dragon is right. I am descended from the avians, and that is connected to my gender.”</p>

      <p><em>Indeed,</em> said Mel. <em>The avians are a race consisting only of women. However, the hero was a human male until just now. I presume he is of mixed blood.</em></p>

      <p>Abel nodded. “That’s right. When I am a man, I call myself Abel. My human father gave me that name. However, there are times when my avian heritage is stronger, and I turn into a woman. When that happens, I use the name my avian mother gave me: Anna.”</p>

      <p>“Anna?!” I couldn’t help but shout.</p>

      <p>I’d lost track of how many times I’d been shocked today. <em>Hero Abel...and Saint Anna...are the same person?!</em></p>

      <p>According to the legend, they’d been childhood friends and lovers. The writings, paintings, and teachings of the church all said as much. However, Abel was personally telling me otherwise. This seemed like more solid evidence than anything the church had proclaimed.</p>

      <p>“I’ve never seen you so surprised...” Abel murmured. “I am terribly sorry for hiding it. Outside of my parents, only my mentor knew.”</p>

      <p><em>The avians, who serve as messengers for the gods, only reside on the floating continent, </em>said Mel. <em>The demons see them as enemies, so if they found an avian on the surface, they would do their utmost to kill them.</em></p>

      <p>“Exactly. I had no choice but to hide my heritage...just like my mother.” Abel looked away sadly, and I couldn’t bear to interrupt the conversation between her and the dragon.</p>

      <p>All of this was new to me. The avians, Abel’s parents...and the truth behind Anna.</p>

      <p><em>One thing is clear, though.</em></p>

      <p>Abel, the Hero of Light.</p>

      <p>Saint Anna.</p>

      <p>The Grandsage.</p>

      <p>Johnnie the Spellbow.</p>

      <p>Helemmelk the Holy Dragon.</p>

      <p>The legendary party was now assembled! <em>Whew... Noah, Althena...I did it!</em></p>

      <p>I’d fallen deep into my thoughts, and I was pulled back to reality when someone tapped my shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Um...Makoto?”</p>

      <p><em>Whoops, I was off in a world of my own. </em>I turned to Abel.<em> </em>“Okay, I get what’s going on.” <em>It’s finally time to say it. </em>“We can now...fight Iblis.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p><em>What?!</em></p>

      <p>Both Abel and the white dragon gawked at me.</p>

      <p>“Where did <em>that</em> come from?!”</p>

      <p><em>Are you sane?!</em></p>

      <p>Aaah... They thought I was crazy. Guess I got carried away. Though the legendary party was finally all in one place, Iblis was an embodiment of fear. He was treated as an absolute, unequivocal evil in this world.</p>

      <p>“Well...” I scratched my cheek. “Maybe we should take on Bifrons first.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not...” Abel shook her head. “Um, Makoto?”</p>

      <p><em>You do realize that Bifrons stands above even the other nine demon lords, yes? </em>asked Mel.</p>

      <p>Neither seemed on board with that plan, even though I’d suggested taking out the lesser threat before going for the Great Demon Lord.</p>

      <p>“Mmm... So noisy...”</p>

      <p>It seemed that Abel and the white dragon’s voices had roused Momo. She crawled out of the bed.</p>

      <p>“Teacher, is Sir Abel awake ye— Huh?! Who’s this woman?!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, Momo,” said Abel. “I’m actually—”</p>

      <p>“‘Hey’?! Don’t talk like you know me when we’ve only just met!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, but we haven’t just met, I’m—”</p>

      <p><em>Incidentally, Elementalist, I do not even know your name. Would you tell me?</em></p>

      <p>Things had gotten way noisier all of a sudden. Though the dragon’s words made me realize that we actually <em>hadn’t</em> introduced ourselves.</p>

      <p>I managed to calm Momo down—with Mel’s help, I explained Abel’s situation and identity. Then, we all gave our names.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm... </em>Mel gazed down at us.<em> </em>Although realistically, she was so big that she couldn’t <em>not</em> look down at us. <em>Makoto the Elementalist, Abel the Hero, and Momo the Half Vampire. I look forward to working with you.</em></p>

      <p>Momo and Abel still seemed a bit unnerved by her and weren’t quite ready to drop formalities.</p>

      <p>“Likewise, Lady Dragon...”</p>

      <p>“L-Likewise, Lady Helemmelk.”</p>

      <p>Oh, speaking of introductions and the group... There was one more important person with us.</p>

      <p>“Dia,” I called out.</p>

      <p>Instantly, Dia popped into existence by my side. “Yes, my liege?”</p>

      <p>“Thanks for keeping watch. We got some decent rest.”</p>

      <p>“It is an honor to be of service.”</p>

      <p>“The white dragon is on our side now, so go ahead and introduce yourself.”</p>

      <p>“Haah...” Dia peered at Mel, who fidgeted warily—the Undyne’s demeanor shifted from all smiles to a look of utter boredom. “You should be honored to serve my liege, liz—”</p>

      <p>“Oy,” I cut Dia off, grabbing her shoulder and yanking her toward me.</p>

      <p>“M-My liege?”</p>

      <p>“Dia, Mel here was kind enough to help us. Show her proper respect.”</p>

      <p>“O-Of course! My apologies!”</p>

      <p>I turned back to the dragon. “Sorry she was so rude to you, Mel.”</p>

      <p><em>I-Indeed. It is no concern. Also, my “kind” behavior was in direct response to your threat...</em></p>

      <p>Great, the legendary holy dragon was just as open-minded as I’d hoped!</p>

      <p>“Boss of Labyrinthos,” Dia said. “I am the Undyne given the name Dia by my liege. A pleasure to make your acquaintance.”</p>

      <p>At least she had better manners this time...</p>

      <p><em>I am the ancient dragon Helemmelk. Incidentally, is the naming of an Undyne not one of the Titanea’s—</em></p>

      <p>“Dia!” I ordered as I realized what the dragon was about to reveal.</p>

      <p>Instantly, the area was covered in a thick mist. It wasn’t a normal mist either—it had elemental mana running through it. I heard one of the ancient dragons yelp. Was it that red one from earlier?</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What in the world is wrong?</em> Mel asked in confusion.</p>

      <p>“××××, ××××××××××××××××? (Mel, can you understand Elemanti?)” I asked.</p>

      <p><em>××××××××. (To a degree.)</em></p>

      <p>Thank goodness. Well, she <em>had </em>lived for like ten millennia, so she probably knew almost everything.</p>

      <p>“×××××××××××××××××××××××. ×××××? (The others don’t know that I follow a Titanea. Can you play along?)”</p>

      <p><em>×-×××××××××××××××. (V-Very well.)</em></p>

      <p><em>Whew, that was close! </em>I used water magic to clear the air.</p>

      <p>“Makoto?” Abel asked.</p>

      <p>Momo tilted her head. “What’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>Both of them looked confused.</p>

      <p>“It’s nothing. Don’t worry about it, you two.”</p>

      <p>I used <em>Calm Mind</em> to relax my nerves. Abel then took a step forward and grasped my hand.</p>

      <p>“Um...Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?”</p>

      <p>Had I seemed too sketchy? Had Abel realized that I worshiped the same goddess as Cain? <em>No, I should be fine.</em> There was no proof of my allegiance to Noah. It wasn’t even written in my Soul Book.</p>

      <p>“Um... Could you call me Anna when I’m like this?” she asked, fidgeting.</p>

      <p><em>Oh... That’s all? </em>Great! She didn’t suspect a thing.</p>

      <p>“Okay then, Anna. I...still look forward to working with you.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right.”</p>

      <p>We shook hands. She was smiling, but for some reason, her cheeks looked kind of red. Maybe she still hadn’t fully recovered?</p>

      <p>“Sir Makotoooo,” Momo trilled.</p>

      <p>“What’s up?” I asked.</p>

      <p>She huffed, pouting. “Nothing.”</p>

      <p>Maybe she was hungry? I’d have to give her some blood later.</p>

      <p>“Let’s head back to the surface,” I suggested. “Mel, can we return here when we need your help?”</p>

      <p>The dragon cocked her head curiously at my question. <em>I shall come with you. It will be more convenient.</em></p>

      <p>“Huh? You don’t mind?” That’d be great...but wouldn’t it cause problems? She led these ancient dragons, after all.</p>

      <p>“Mother! You cannot seriously consider going with this <em>human</em>!”</p>

      <p>“Then I shall come too!”</p>

      <p>“What should we do?!”</p>

      <p>Just as I’d expected, a clamor arose among the other dragons.</p>

      <p><em>I simply want to visit the surface. It’s been so long. You should all stay here—this area is safe. If you wish to accompany us, speak to the elementalist. But if, like earlier, you cannot defend against the Undyne’s magic...you will likely be a hindrance.</em></p>

      <p>Silence stretched out in the wake of her words. Anna also looked awkward. Well, all the dragons except Mel <em>had</em> been frozen...</p>

      <p>Mel looked at me seriously. <em>Elementalist, there is something I wish to ask. What is your goal?</em></p>

      <p>“To defeat the demon lords and Iblis. To bring peace to the world.”</p>

      <p>Mel and the other ancient dragons looked at me with wide eyes.</p>

      <p>“<em>Peace</em>? I’m surprised he even knows that word,” muttered an ancient dragon.</p>

      <p>I glanced sideways and saw that Anna and Momo were taken aback as well. <em>Man, everyone native to this time period is really terrified of Iblis, huh? </em>But that didn’t change anything. I would work with the Hero of Light and defeat the Great Demon Lord.</p>

      <p>Mel shook her large head. <em>So you are targeting not just the demon lords, but an even higher existence. Ordinarily, I would discount that as the ramblings of a fool, but—</em></p>

      <p>“Impossible! Even Lord Astaroth was no match!”</p>

      <p>“A man cannot kill the demons’ god!”</p>

      <p>“Foolish human! You know not of the terror he commands...”</p>

      <p>The ancient dragons couldn’t believe that I was even suggesting the possibility of defeating Iblis.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s possible.” I looked them dead in the eyes. “I know it.”</p>

      <p>I mean, it made sense that defeating Iblis would be unthinkable to those of this era. I was from the future though, so Iblis’s defeat was a matter of fact. We didn’t need to worry. After all, everyone in the Savior’s party was safe and well. We just had to follow history and take things as they came.</p>

      <p>“Lizards...you do not know my liege’s strength,” Dia proclaimed, wrapping an arm around my shoulders and manipulating her mana. An ominous feeling filled the air. <em>Come on, Dia, stop abusing your strength.</em></p>

      <p>Mel seemed to cringe back. “<em>Please, Undyne, do not treat my family too harshly.”</em></p>

      <p>I sighed. “Knock it off, Dia.”</p>

      <p>She allowed one more beat of tense silence, then said, “Fine,” and stopped the mana manipulation.</p>

      <p>“All right. Mel, you’re the only one coming with us. It’s kinda far to the middle layer, though...” I thought back on that long path into the depths of the dungeon. “Do you know any shortcuts?”</p>

      <p><em>You need not worry. I can teleport us to wherever you would like to go.</em></p>

      <p>Oh! She could do that? Whoo!</p>

      <p>I turned to Anna and Momo, ready to leave...and then realized something.</p>

      <p>“Anna...is it okay for you to go back to the others looking like that?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I’d prefer to be in human form,” she murmured, her face conflicted, “but I’m not fully recovered.”</p>

      <p>Mel quickly offered a solution. <em>You may drink from the Spring of Life.</em></p>

      <p>“Huh...”</p>

      <p>Well, there<em> was </em>an enormous amount of mana coming from the spring. Anna approached and took a sip. As the water touched her lips, she was enveloped in light.</p>

      <p>“Wow! I feel so much better.” The exhaustion that had clung to her features was nowhere to be seen. The spring seemed to act like a recovery item. Also, <em>she</em> had turned back into a <em>he</em>.</p>

      <p>I stepped closer and scooped up some of the water for myself. The second I drank it, I felt my body heating up from the inside.</p>

      <p>I was...being filled with mana. <em>W-Wow... This is just as good as an elixir?!</em></p>

      <p>“Whoa! I want to try too!” Momo rushed over toward the spring.</p>

      <p><em>Hm? </em>I felt a strange sense of unease. Suddenly, a screen with words floated up in front of me.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you stop Momo before she drinks from the Spring of Life?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Wh-What the—?!</p>

      <p>“Momo! Stop!” I yelled.</p>

      <p>At the same time, Mel shouted, <em>Wait, little vampire!</em></p>

      <p>“Huh?” Momo instantly froze.</p>

      <p>“You can’t drink that!”</p>

      <p><em>Water from the Spring of Life is anathema to the undead.</em></p>

      <p>“E-Eep!” She leaped back and clung to me.</p>

      <p>Th-That was close. I’d almost forgotten—the undead couldn’t use recovery substances.</p>

      <p>“Here, Momo, take my blood.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay...”</p>

      <p>I held out my arm and let her drink a little. When she’d finished, I let out a deep sigh. Today had been utterly exhausting, in more ways than one. I just wanted to curl up and sleep...and eat some meat to make up for the blood loss.</p>

      <p>“Let’s head back.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, Makoto—”</p>

      <p>“If you would, Mel.”</p>

      <p><em>Of course.</em></p>

      <p>At Mel’s gesture, a magic circle appeared on the ground beneath all of our feet. Well, not “all.” The other dragons...</p>

      <p>“Mother!”</p>

      <p>“Be well!”</p>

      <p>Around us, the ancient dragons were all waving tearily. The sight was surreal and a half.</p>

      <p><em>You all need to behave,</em> she ordered.</p>

      <p>We were quickly engulfed in light. A second later, the scenery had changed. The first thing I noticed was the roar of cascading water.</p>

      <p>“Wah!”</p>

      <p>“Ahh!”</p>

      <p>“Whoops!”</p>

      <p>Abel and Momo couldn’t stand on the water, so I grabbed their hands and cast <em>Walk on Water</em>. I peered around. We were definitely back on the lake.</p>

      <p><em>Man! Teleportation is so convenient. Now we just need to find Volf and Julietta and let them know we’re back—</em></p>

      <p>My thoughts were interrupted by a scream. “An ancient dragon!”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s the boss of Labyrinthos! What is that doing here?!”</p>

      <p>“R-Ruuuuun!”</p>

      <p>“Help us!”</p>

      <p>The watchmen all scattered.</p>

      <p><em>Say...Elementalist, is this not an issue?</em> Mel asked, looking at me in concern.</p>

      <p><em>Crap...</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>After I managed to calm everyone down, I explained the situation.</p>

      <p>“Let me get this straight. You...went down to the lowest reaches of the dungeon?” Johnnie asked. He was holding his head in his hand as if he had a migraine.</p>

      <p>We were in front of the lake, and the dungeon town’s residents had all gathered around. This was a wide-open area, and normally, monsters would be a concern. Right now though, there was not a single one to be seen. The reason for that was...</p>

      <p>“Um... That woman...is the boss of Labyrinthos?” Julietta asked haltingly, staring at Mel.</p>

      <p>The dungeon’s boss had appeared on the middle level, causing the monsters to flee in terror. Now, the whole layer was peaceful. The monsters must’ve been having heart attacks.</p>

      <p>One more thing—Mel had used <em>Transform</em> to change herself into a human woman. Of course, she was still around two meters tall and built like a model, so she definitely stood out.</p>

      <p>“Precisely, elf,” said Mel. “I am Helemmelk, the leader of the ancient dragons on the deepest level. It has been centuries since I have stepped aboveground, but I assume my name is known.” She puffed out her chest.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>