<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1"><div class="main">
      <p>The clothes didn’t matter.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! I-It’s no good. We’re too late. She’s—”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t listening to Abel. On unsteady feet, I approached her.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto...don’t come any closer...”</p>

      <p>“Momo...”</p>

      <p>I needed to apologize. Divine edict or not, I hadn’t kept my promise to protect her—I’d chosen to save Abel instead.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t muster a coherent thought, though.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, get away from her!” Abel hissed. “She’s... She’s a vampire!”</p>

      <p><em>A vampire?</em></p>

      <p>Momo’s face twisted in sadness. “Lord Bifrons turned me. I’m your enemy now...”</p>

      <p>Her head slumped forward as she forced the words out. Her hair fell around her face—it was now snow-white. Her dark eyes were red. Bloodred. Small fangs peeked out from beneath her lips. But the thing that shocked me more than anything else...was that I recognized her like this.</p>

      <p>Hers was a very familiar face. The face of someone who’d helped me over and over again.</p>

      <p>How had I not noticed? Was it because she spoke differently? Because her expressions were different?</p>

      <p>It made sense—she didn’t look at all like Momo when she smiled so boldly. But...</p>

      <p><em>She said she didn’t meet me in this time period...</em></p>

      <p>The liar.</p>

      <p>There was no doubt about it—Momo was the Grandsage.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>