<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Makoto Takatsuki Fights a Demon Lord</h1>

      <p>Johnnie Walker was Lucy’s great-grandfather, and therefore Rosalie’s grandfather. Putting it like that made him sound familiar and approachable, but <em>The Legend of Hero Abel </em>didn’t include many depictions of him. For example, the book didn’t say anything about how he’d teamed up with Abel’s party—Johnnie just appeared in the story around halfway through. Because of that, I frankly hadn’t expected to meet him so soon.</p>

      <p><em>It </em>is<em> convenient, though,</em> I thought.</p>

      <p>The four who’d defeated Iblis were the Hero of Light, the Saint, the Grandsage, and the Spellbow—Abel, Anna, Momo, and Johnnie. I’d learned bits and pieces of the story at the Water Temple, and without a doubt, Johnnie Walker was the most important of that group. <em>And I know where he is and that he’s safe.</em> I’d already teamed up with Hero Abel and the Grandsage, Johnnie was in my sights, and now, I only needed to find Saint Anna.</p>

      <p><em>But there’s a pretty big problem with that...</em></p>

      <p>According to the legend, Hero Abel and Saint Anna were childhood friends, born and raised in the same village. In other words, they should <em>already</em> be in the same place. Despite that, I’d yet to hear the name Anna from anyone’s lips. Not Volf, Julietta, nor even Abel himself.</p>

      <p><em>She hasn’t died like the Hero of Fire, has she...?</em> I wondered, before purposefully shaking the question off. It was too soon to make that kind of assumption. The picture book didn’t mention anything about Abel being captured in Bifrons’s Castle, so I figured I should just assume that history had already changed.</p>

      <p><em>I’m sure that Saint Anna’s off safe somewhere...</em></p>

      <p>Or so I hoped, anyway.</p>

      <p>I thought I might be able to sound out Julietta, the Hero of Wood, but...if I revealed too much knowledge from the future, she could potentially become suspicious of me. Just suspicion would be one thing, but if I actually admitted to being from the future, everyone here would probably just think I was crazy.</p>

      <p><em>Guess I’ll have to leave the mystery of Saint Anna unsolved for now.</em></p>

      <p>Either way, Johnnie Walker—the legendary Spellbow—was here. Though, now that I’d gotten a good look at him, he seemed more like a swordsman. Indeed, a sword hung from his waist, but I didn’t see a bow anywhere.</p>

      <p>He was currently eating while surrounded by a throng of people, which was a testament to just how influential he was in this town. On top of that, he was one of Abel’s true comrades against Iblis.</p>

      <p><em>It would be best to get familiar with him. Maybe I should go introduce myself?</em></p>

      <p>“I’ll be back in a few,” I announced.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Where are you going?” Momo asked me.</p>

      <p>Volf gave me a questioning look. “Sir Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“I thought I’d give my greetings to Johnnie,” I replied.</p>

      <p>“Huh. You’re a funny one,” said Julietta. “He’s not exactly friendly. Especially with men.”</p>

      <p>“He’s...not?”</p>

      <p>Well, he <em>was</em> famous for being a womanizing hero, so maybe that made sense. Still, nothing could happen unless I tried to open a dialogue.</p>

      <p>I slowly wandered my way over to the big table where he was eating. There were a lot of women around him. Some were beautiful elves; others had sleek cat ears or adorable bunny ears. All of them were drinking and laughing. The general noise of their chatter and giggling as they poured drinks for each other...almost reminded me of Sakurai’s group back in junior high.</p>

      <p>Hang on—hadn’t I made it this far in life by staying <em>away </em>from the extroverts?</p>

      <p>Beyond all of that was Johnnie, the center of the group. He was drinking, but with an awfully bored look on his face.</p>

      <p>I’d need to summon quite a lot of courage to break into the conversation. <em>But if I can’t...</em></p>

      <p>After some back-and-forth with myself, I felt someone clap me on the shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Hey, mister, you’re the guy that saved Volf and Julietta, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>I turned around to see a well-built guy with dark facial hair. Taking in his appearance as a whole, I figured he was probably a dwarf. His face was severe, but so was the aura enveloping him. Judging by his looks, he was a veteran warrior.</p>

      <p>“I’m Makoto,” I replied. “Nice to meet you.”</p>

      <p>“I’m the Hero of Iron, Deckel. Good to meet you too.”</p>

      <p><em>Ooh! The Hero of Iron!</em></p>

      <p>As far as I’d heard, this was one of the other faction’s heroes. He seemed really strong, and I sensed a fair bit of mana on him as well. He certainly didn’t <em>look</em> like someone who’d given up on fighting the demon lords.</p>

      <p>I took his offered hand and shook it. “I hope we get along.”</p>

      <p>“Volf talked you up...but you don’t look that strong!” he exclaimed before suddenly breaking into hearty laughter.</p>

      <p>I sighed. Well, I was used to being seen as weak.</p>

      <p>“Say, you shouldn’t have too much to do with them,” Deckel continued. “They said they’re planning on challenging the demon lord again. Honestly, considering that not even Olga could do much, their whole rebellion’s nothing but a pipe dream.”</p>

      <p>“Umm...”</p>

      <p>“Besides, I’ve got a seven-year-old little girl. I need to be around when she grows up! I can’t just be fighting recklessly! Don’t you think?”</p>

      <p>“You’ve got a daughter...?”</p>

      <p>Ah. He wasn’t against fighting because he lacked courage. Sometimes strong people had others—like family—whom they wanted to protect.</p>

      <p>“You’ve got a little sister of your own, right?” Deckel asked.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” <em>A sister? But I’m an only child.</em></p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto?” Momo’s voice chimed in by my side. She must’ve come over to see what the commotion was about.</p>

      <p>“See, right there.” Deckel gestured to Momo. “Your little sister! She’s adorable.”</p>

      <p>So he’d assumed that Momo and I were related...even though we looked nothing alike. Also, what kind of sister called their brother “sir”?</p>

      <p>“Hey, Deckel, don’t start trying to win over Makoto!” Julietta exclaimed. “We’re going to take on the demon lord!”</p>

      <p><em>Guess she came over with Momo.</em></p>

      <p>Deckel scoffed. “You say that, but you nearly didn’t make it back this time. You should just quit while you’re ahead.”</p>

      <p>“No way! If the heroes give up, the world will end!” Julietta insisted.</p>

      <p>Just as their words were about to become an argument, Volf walked over and attempted to mediate. “Come on, both of you, calm down.” Abel was with him but didn’t join in. He just watched us as we spoke.</p>

      <p>Deckel and Julietta both turned simultaneously to me.</p>

      <p>“Why not just give up on defeating the demon lord?”</p>

      <p>“Makoto, we should fight the demon lord, right?!”</p>

      <p>I tilted my head. Defeat the <em>demon lord</em>? Singular? Surely they weren’t only talking about Bifrons. That wasn’t the whole point of their rebellion...was it?</p>

      <p>“Well, we should be defeating the <em>Great</em> Demon Lord, right?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Silence. Everyone present was gaping, mouths open in shock. All around us, conversation had stopped—the whole room was staring at me.</p>

      <p>“Come on, mister. That’s a bit much...”</p>

      <p>“R-Right. Iblis is a god, that’s just...”</p>

      <p>Huh? Wait... None of the heroes were trying to defeat Iblis? <em>Maybe I shouldn’t have answered like that.</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, a group of beastmen got up from Johnnie’s table and approached us.</p>

      <p>“Human heroes,” said one of them. “Getting excited is one thing, but this is <em>our</em> town. If you’re going to drag us into conflict, you can leave.”</p>

      <p>“Fighting the demon lords is a fool’s errand,” said another. “Don’t even consider it. After all, humans are weak.”</p>

      <p>“Besides, forget the demon lords, Great or otherwise—you ain’t even defeated their subordinates.”</p>

      <p>“Free the humans from the farm before you start talking nonsense.”</p>

      <p>The aura around each of the men spoke to their strength. The Hero of Iron and the Hero of Wood both wore awkward expressions. <em>Heroes really do have a low position in the pecking order around here.</em></p>

      <p>Then, two people stepped forward.</p>

      <p>“Makoto actually has defeated one of them—Balam the Wonder!”</p>

      <p>“That’s right! Sir Makoto is very strong!”</p>

      <p>Abel and Momo.</p>

      <p>The other heroes all looked taken aback. <em>Ack, I really wish they hadn’t said that!</em> I didn’t want to make a name for myself here... I’d have to tell those two to keep stuff to themselves next time.</p>

      <p>“You defeated Balam the Wonder?” one of the beastmen asked.</p>

      <p>“Eh, well,” I muttered reluctantly. “Yes, technically...”</p>

      <p>“How do you expect us to believe that?!”</p>

      <p>“You look like a stiff breeze’d do you in.”</p>

      <p>“Balam was the most senior of Bifrons’s generals.”</p>

      <p>“Right. You can prove it against me. I’m Johnnie’s right hand!”</p>

      <p><em>This is getting rather annoying.</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, hey,” Julietta protested. “Makoto’s only just gotten back from a long journey.”</p>

      <p>One of the beastmen scoffed. “He’s supposed to be some bigshot who took down a high-level demon. A fight with one of us should just be a warm-up to him.”</p>

      <p><em>That guy’s really hot-blooded. </em>He sorta reminded me of Gerald, to be honest. And actually, aurawise, he was really strong. I was just trying to think up something that might get me out of fighting when a pale-faced man came rushing in.</p>

      <p>“W-We’re under attack!” the man yelled.</p>

      <p>“Under attack! Everyone hurry!”</p>

      <p>The whole town erupted. Volf and Julietta’s expressions changed—the beastmen and the Hero of Iron became deadly serious as well. Everyone put their hands on their weapons.</p>

      <p>“Come on, calm down. The chief’s here.”</p>

      <p>“What is it? A dragon? A demon?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t look so pathetic, Sir Johnnie is here...”</p>

      <p>A lot of elves and beastmen seemed to have faith in Johnnie’s strength. However, the next words out of the lookout’s mouth changed all that.</p>

      <p>“A-A demon lord! Demon Lord Cain is here!”</p>

      <p>The cry of despair echoed all across the dungeon town.</p>

      <p>Demon Lord Cain. It went without saying, but this was Noah’s disciple from the current era. Wicked Deity’s Follower, the Black Knight, Mad Hero... Demon Lord Cain had a lot of (rather ominous) nicknames. Yet the one most often used was “Hero-Killer.”</p>

      <p>In <em>The Legend of Hero Abel</em>, most of the heroes were killed by Cain. And right now, there were several heroes in Labyrinthos. The situation was bad...and getting worse...</p>

      <p>“Demon Lord Cain!” Abel bellowed. His voice was raw, completely unlike his normal tone, and he suddenly leaped outside. Cain had killed Abel’s mentor, the Hero of Fire, so of course Abel felt his rage boiling over. However, he was also forgetting himself and focused only on his fury.</p>

      <p><em>Th-This is bad!</em></p>

      <p>“Abel, wait!” Julietta called.</p>

      <p>“We’re coming with you!” Volf shouted as the two of them rushed after him.</p>

      <p>“Papa!” came the cry of a small girl.</p>

      <p>“You evacuate into the dungeon with the others,” Deckel told her.</p>

      <p>“No! Not without you!”</p>

      <p>“I’m a hero too. I can’t run away.”</p>

      <p>“Promise me you’ll come back!” the girl insisted. “It’s my birthday tomorrow!”</p>

      <p>“Of course. We can celebrate when I’m back.”</p>

      <p>“You have to...”</p>

      <p>This conversation between father and daughter was, well... <em>Could you both stop it with the death flags?! </em>In that moment, I promised myself I’d protect Deckel.</p>

      <p>Then, a gruff voice spoke up. “Have the citizens evacuate. Women and children first. Anyone that can fight, come with me. We will drive him off.”</p>

      <p>“Sir Johnnie! We can’t! That’s Demon Lord Cain!”</p>

      <p>“We should all run!”</p>

      <p>Johnnie Walker, the eye of the storm amid all this chaos, shook his head. “The heroes won’t cope on their own. We won’t be reckless. Come with me.”</p>

      <p>So his faction was going to fight too.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Makoto?” Momo asked, tugging hesitantly at my sleeve. I honestly wanted her to evacuate, but I was scared of getting separated from and then losing track of her. I <em>really</em> didn’t want her to get abducted again.</p>

      <p>“You come with me,” I said. “But if we start to fight, you need to hide.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right!”</p>

      <p>The two of us followed the crowd outside. As I stepped across the threshold, shrill laughter grated at my ears.</p>

      <p>“Volf!” I heard Julietta scream.</p>

      <p>Volf’s armor was broken, and he was bleeding freely.</p>

      <p><em>H-He can’t be...</em></p>

      <p>“Keep calm...Julietta... I’m alive...”</p>

      <p><em>Phew. What about Abel, though?!</em></p>

      <p>“Geh?!”</p>

      <p>There—he was prone on the ground some distance away. <em>Cain must’ve gotten to him already. </em>I couldn’t see any bleeding though, so I hoped he’d just been knocked out.</p>

      <p>“Momo! Check on Abel.”</p>

      <p>“G-Got it!”</p>

      <p>With Momo tending to Abel, I could observe the situation as a whole. Various beastmen and elves were lying on the ground covered in blood. Only a few minutes had passed since we’d even learned about the attack.</p>

      <p>I spied a figure staring haughtily at us over the devastation—a knight clad entirely in pitch-black armor. He had a full-face helmet, so I couldn’t see his expression. There was a massive greatsword in his hands though, and he gave off immense amounts of aura.</p>

      <p>Demon Lord Cain.</p>

      <p>“Ga ha ha ha ha hah!” he guffawed. “Weak, weak, weak, weak, weak! You heroes of the Sacred Deities are <em>nothing</em>!”</p>

      <p>An annoying demon lord... <em>I suppose he’s a talkative one.</em></p>

      <p>“The heroes will die! All others will be allowed to live as long as they pledge themselves to Noah. On your knees, now! Praise her! If you do, I’ll let you live with only a missing arm! Be grateful for our Lady Noah’s compassion!”</p>

      <p><em>Come on...</em></p>

      <p>Noah could only gain a single disciple every decade—that was one of the restraints put upon her. He could throw around as many threats as he liked, but it wouldn’t gain Noah any more believers. It would, however, definitely ruin her reputation.</p>

      <p>Of course, no one answered him.</p>

      <p><em>Elementals, elementals,</em> I called out, gathering mana.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Rain of Ice Lances</em>.”</p>

      <p>At my word, several hundred spears of ice rained down on Cain. Yet they all broke apart on his armor, not even leaving a scratch.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah... Noah was right about that armor.</em></p>

      <p>I thought back to what she’d told me just before my journey through time.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>I was in the cathedral, almost ready to depart. Right next to us, Ira was chanting the incantation for the time travel miracle. All we could do at the moment was wait for her to finish, so Noah was using the time to get me up to speed on info from the past.</p>

      <p>“Do you know which demon lord you need to be the most careful of?” she asked. She’d bothered to change into her teacher outfit. <em>Noah sure likes those clothes...</em></p>

      <p>“Iblis, right?”</p>

      <p>She shook her head. “Nope. Iblis doesn’t leave Eden, the fortress floating over the demon continent. As long as you don’t seek him out, you won’t run into him.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, I wouldn’t?</em></p>

      <p>“Then I guess...Bifrons? He ruled over the western continent.”</p>

      <p>“He’s dangerous too, but the correct answer is—”</p>

      <p>“Demon Lord Cain,” Althena interrupted. “He was Noah’s disciple and a particularly widespread problem. If you are accompanied by heroes, there is a significant possibility of encountering him.”</p>

      <p>“Hey! Don’t cut me off!” Noah protested.</p>

      <p>“Demon Lord Cain...” I mused. He was the legendary hero-killer, and my predecessor...at least in regards to being Noah’s believer. What kind of person was he?</p>

      <p>As if to answer exactly that, Noah proudly continued her lecture. “I gave him a full set of plate armor <em>and</em> a greatsword—both made out of the same material as the dagger I gave you!”</p>

      <p>Althena’s eyes widened. “Hold it right there. I didn’t have many believers back then, so I’m not exactly familiar with the situation, but...you <em>gave</em> him something like that?!”</p>

      <p>Guess it was Althena’s turn to be unhappy.</p>

      <p>I glanced down to the dagger at my waist. His things were made from the same glowing blue magic material as this?</p>

      <p>“Noah! I can’t... You used Cronus’s all-severing sickle?! And then you gave it to someone in the mortal realm?! What were you thinking?!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, shaddap! Your <em>Hero of Light</em> skill was even worse, so who cares?!”</p>

      <p>“My skill isn’t invincible! There has to be <em>sunlight</em>! I followed the laws when I made it! But those weapons of yours... You thoughtless relic!”</p>

      <p>“Who’re you calling thoughtless?! Those laws are...well, they’re annoying! I just decided to wing it!”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>