<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1"><div class="main">
      <p>The people in the cathedral startled backward at the sudden yelling match between the goddesses.</p>

      <p>“Um...I apologize for interrupting your excitement,” I interjected politely, “but what kind of person was Cain?”</p>

      <p>The two turned away from each other to face me instead.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki...” Althena began, her tone grave. “Listen calmly. The metal that makes up Cain’s equipment comes from the previous godking’s sickle. In other words...”</p>

      <p>Althena paused to consider her phrasing, and Noah finished for her. “It’s invincible to physical and magic attacks.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p><em>What did she just say? Immune to physical </em>and<em> magical attacks? Doesn’t that make him unbeatable?</em></p>

      <p>“Noah, you have to give him the proper details,” Eir said from the sidelines. “Mako, it’s actually only invincible against saint rank skills and under.”</p>

      <p>Still...</p>

      <p>“Doesn’t that make him unbeatable?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Nope. A divine rank attack or anything equivalent should work.”</p>

      <p>“Say, for example...an attack from the Hero of Light,” Noah finished.</p>

      <p>So no one besides the Hero of Light could beat Cain.</p>

      <p>“Then what should I do if I have to fight Cain before I find the Hero of Light?”</p>

      <p>“Run,” Althena said firmly. “You have no other choice.”</p>

      <p>“That’s...all I can do?” <em>Oh well. Guess trying to fight someone with hacks like that isn’t going to work. I’d definitely lose.</em></p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Noah thought for a moment. “On the off chance you<em> do</em> have to fight Cain when the Hero of Light isn’t there, I should tell you how to deal with him.”</p>

      <p>“There’s a strategy?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“It’s not easy, okay?” Noah said, launching into her explanation. “Look, you have to...”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p><em>The “off chance” huh? </em></p>

      <p>Noah probably knew this would happen.</p>

      <p><em>Undyne, come here,</em> I called.</p>

      <p>I’d been requesting her for a while, but she wasn’t showing up. Maybe I’d been leaning too heavily on her lately. I’d need to get back into her good graces later.</p>

      <p>As I was trying to summon Undyne, the fighters were falling like dominos.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Water Dragon</em>!” I called, pulling mana from the water elementals. The spell didn’t seem to even register to Cain, though—he didn’t look my way.</p>

      <p>“Guah!”</p>

      <p>Ack! That was the Hero of Iron! Crapcrapcrap!!!</p>

      <p>“Guh... I wanted...to celebrate her...seventh birthday...”</p>

      <p>He was way too quick on the flags! <em>You’re giving up too soon!</em></p>

      <p>“×××××××! (Undyne!)” I yelled angrily in Elemanti. Finally, she showed up...in a maid outfit.</p>

      <p>“×××××××! ×××! (Sorry to keep you waiting! My liege!)”</p>

      <p>“×××××××...? (What are you doing...?)” I asked after a moment.</p>

      <p>“×××××××? (I thought you’d like this outfit. Don’t you?)”</p>

      <p>As she spoke, she glanced at Momo. Speaking of, Momo was still looking after Abel, and he’d now regained consciousness. Undyne couldn’t have been taking so long because she was imitating Momo...right?</p>

      <p>“×××××××... (You’re being...)”</p>

      <p><em>Too carefree for such an emergency.</em></p>

      <p>“×××××××? ×××××××? (A-Are you angry? My liege?)”</p>

      <p>Her eyes began to well up with nervous tears. She looked almost exactly like Noah did when she pulled out the crocodile tears. <em>For the love of...</em></p>

      <p><em>No, calm down. You need her help to get through this.</em></p>

      <p>Elementals were capricious and flighty—they needed to be in a good mood to help out. This was the fundamental truth of elemental magic. Which meant that my answer should be...</p>

      <p>“×××××, ××××××××××××××. (Undyne, that outfit really suits you.)”</p>

      <p>“×××××××?! (Really, my liege?!)”</p>

      <p>“××××××××××××××××××××××××××××? (You’re very cute. Undyne, would you help me?)”</p>

      <p>“××××××××××! (Of course, I’ll do my best!)”</p>

      <p>As soon as that cheer left her mouth, all of the mana in the area began to gather around me. It started to rain, and the earth shuddered. The air itself shook—the undulating black clouds sparked with lightning.</p>

      <p>Undyne was gathering all of the water mana in the world.</p>

      <p>Finally, Demon Lord Cain looked my way.</p>

      <p>He had his sword raised, ready to finish off Deckel, but he stopped in his tracks. Cain had shown no concern toward me thus far, but now he was clearly examining me. Was it because he could see Undyne at my side?</p>

      <p>He spoke quietly.</p>

      <p>“Are you a hero?”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m not,” I answered immediately. I was technically a State-Authorized Hero, but Roses didn’t exist in this time period. That meant I wasn’t actually a hero.</p>

      <p>He seemed to ponder my response for a moment and then he spoke once more.</p>

      <p>“Will you...put your faith in Noah?”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t answer. I had no words with which to respond.</p>

      <p>My faith still <em>did</em> belong to Noah. But I wasn’t her believer in this era, so I couldn’t say anything. Surprisingly, I became rather angry at that fact.</p>

      <p>“If you cannot, then die,” he declared, having taken my silence as a refusal. He swung his sword, instantly closing the distance between us.</p>

      <p>He was fast!</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Barrier (Saint Rank)</em>!”</p>

      <p>“It’s pointless! Ah ha ha ha hah ah hah ha!”</p>

      <p>The demon lord tore through my barrier like paper, cackling all the while. With that shield gone, I had no other choice.</p>

      <p><em>Right Arm of the Elemental</em>.</p>

      <p>Light flashed blindingly as my arm transformed into an elemental.</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>The light pinpointed gaps in his armor—places an attack could slip through like a needle.</p>

      <p>Then, a quiet voice sounded in the air.</p>

      <p>“<em>Elemental Magic: Wind Arrow</em>.”</p>

      <p>Close to a thousand wind arrows rained down on Cain. Most of them were turned aside by his armor, but a few seemed to make it through the gaps and joints.</p>

      <p>As the arrows pierced through, I saw flecks of blood on the black plate.</p>

      <p><em>Amazing...</em></p>

      <p>This was the strategy Noah had given me against Cain—the armor itself would stop all attacks, but I could target the gaps. <em>Wind Arrow</em> understood that.</p>

      <p>Before anyone else could move, the caster of <em>Wind Arrow</em> moved to stand between Cain and me.</p>

      <p>His long brown hair fluttered in the wind, and he was carrying a sword that I’d swear was longer than he was tall. <em>No...not just a sword.</em> There was a curve to it, and the metal seemed to ripple with a temper pattern.</p>

      <p>A katana.</p>

      <p>Standing before me was a long-haired swordsman with a lengthy katana. He looked almost like a samurai.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Johnnie,” I said.</p>

      <p>As I spoke, he moved just his eyes to regard me. “Undyne... I have seen them before, but never with someone like this.”</p>

      <p>So he <em>could</em> see her. Well, that made sense—he was an elementalist too.</p>

      <p>“You should help,” he said. “I want you to, actually.”</p>

      <p>I nodded. “Let’s drive him off.”</p>

      <p>“Your name?”</p>

      <p>“I’m Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Johnnie.”</p>

      <p>“Right.” Well, I already knew that. His name had gone down in history.</p>

      <p>“<em>Rain of Wind Arrows</em>,” he murmured, causing several hundred wind arrows to appear. The spell used the mana in the area, not Johnnie’s own.</p>

      <p>This was elemental wind magic. I couldn’t fall behind here.</p>

      <p>“××××××××××××××...×××××××. (Undyne...I’m counting on you.)”</p>

      <p>“×××××××. (Of course, my liege.)”</p>

      <p>At my command, hundreds of water dragons spun into the air around Cain. Not that he seemed to even consider them worth any attention...</p>

      <p>I held Undyne’s right hand and activated <em>Synchro</em>.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Abyss</em>.</p>

      <p>I summoned huge amounts of water and enveloped Cain, hoping to protect everyone from his attacks. Then, I exploited his weakness, the one Noah had told me about.</p>

      <p>According to her, his armor stopped all attacks and magic. Additionally, his sword could cut through anything. That meant attacking him directly was pointless. My target needed to be his <em>surroundings</em>, not him. So, I made the geography and environment work for me.</p>

      <p>The water dragons and walls of water essentially created a sea around him. The huge mass of water absorbed Cain completely. This was frankly a waste of mana, but as long as Undyne was here, my mana was infinite. I could see Abel and the Grandsage gaping in the distance. Fortunately, Abel didn’t seem majorly hurt. That was a relief.</p>

      <p>“<em>Gather, Fire Elementals,</em>” I heard Cain mutter. His sword was engulfed in black flames. So he could use elemental fire magic... His sword tip meandered through the air before suddenly thrusting at me.</p>

      <p>“<em>Rain of Ice Arrows</em>.”</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Water Dragon</em>.”</p>

      <p>Our spells crashed into Cain. His armor defended against everything, though our magic slowed him down.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ice Barrier</em>.”</p>

      <p>I cast a multilayered barrier—Cain cut through it contemptuously.</p>

      <p>Hmm, nothing was working... Though I’d known that would be the case.</p>

      <p><em>“Water Magic: Ice Mass</em>.”</p>

      <p>I launched huge chunks of ice at him, similar to Lucy’s Meteo. They didn’t hurt him, but they did ruin his footing.</p>

      <p>“<em>Wood Magic: Grasping Vines</em>.”</p>

      <p>Johnnie’s wood magic spell wrapped the demon lord in vines. He just cut through them.</p>

      <p>“<em>Rain of Stone Arrows</em>.”</p>

      <p>Thousands of arrows, all made of rock, rained down on Cain. Johnnie was definitely versatile.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Water Gaol</em>,” I cast. I thought this might trap him, but Cain’s greatsword tore through it pretty much as soon as it’d been summoned. That sword was definitely made out of the same stuff as my dagger.</p>

      <p>Which meant...it could cut through anything in the world. <em>Man, this is annoying.</em></p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto,” Johnnie asked. He was floating in the air, buoyed by air currents. “Do you know of any spell that might work?”</p>

      <p>“None of our attacks will harm him. We should keep going like we are, keeping our distance.”</p>

      <p>He looked at me doubtfully. “But we are making no progress. I thought you might have an idea—”</p>

      <p>“This is the best we’ve got,” I interrupted. “Our attacks won’t work, but if we get close, his sword will cut us down.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>Johnnie seemed disappointed but didn’t argue. Maybe he was hoping I had some hidden trump card. I felt kind of bad, but then I once more thought back to the conversation with Noah.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“So, Noah, what’s my strategy if the Hero of Light isn’t around?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Noah giggled. “Well, you stay away from Cain and just buy time. He gets bored quickly—if he thinks he won’t be able to beat you, he’ll leave.”</p>

      <p>“Can you really call that a <em>strategy</em>?” <em>It’s way more brute-force than I expected...</em></p>

      <p>“Also, attack him while he’s sleeping, maybe? He probably takes the armor off while he’s asleep.”</p>

      <p>I paused. “Fine. So I won’t win if I try to fight him head-on.” <em>I’ll just have to pray that I don’t run into him.</em></p>

      <p>“Noah, can’t you give Makoto Takatsuki the same kind of equipment?” Althena asked.</p>

      <p><em>Nice one!</em></p>

      <p>“Well...nope! The dagger I gave him used up the rest of Cronus’s sickle. Also, Makoto doesn’t have the strength for that stuff anyway.”</p>

      <p>“Ah... That’s right.” I couldn’t wield anything heavier than a dagger.</p>

      <p>Althena slumped, then turned to me. “Makoto Takatsuki. Do your utmost to avoid encountering Demon Lord Cain.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay...”</p>

      <p>Althena was emphasizing this so much—how terrifying must he be? Honestly, I was really curious about Cain now.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>Now, back to the present.</p>

      <p>The king and saint rank spells that Johnnie and I were shooting toward Cain weren’t even scratching his armor, and the greatsword Noah had given him could cut through anything.</p>

      <p><em>That OP bastard... </em>Honestly, shouldn’t <em>he</em> be the Great Demon Lord? How could Iblis be worse? I had no idea what we’d do if Iblis was as crazy as Alexander. If he was...humanity wasn’t gonna win this war.</p>

      <p>Cain charged straight at us like a bull.</p>

      <p><em>He’s not going to get hurt by any of our attacks anyway, so that’s probably the most efficient choice.</em></p>

      <p>“Undyne!” I called out. I activated <em>Synchro </em>and used her mana to construct a huge ice barrier. <em>Would it even slow Cain down?</em></p>

      <p>Johnnie followed up with a slash of his own. “<em>Wind Magic: Kamaitachi</em>!”</p>

      <p>Our combination of spells diverted Cain’s attack, and the man tutted scornfully. <em>He must be furious at his inability to land a hit.</em> <em>I wonder if he’ll leave soon...</em></p>

      <p>“<em>Wind Elemental...</em>” I heard Cain murmur. A gust of wind threw a blast of dust into the air. Suddenly, I couldn’t see him.</p>

      <p><em>H-He’s gonna play dirty like that?!</em></p>

      <p>“Undyne!”</p>

      <p>I braced for Cain’s onslaught, layering barriers around me. He wasn’t after me, though—he was rushing toward Johnnie.</p>

      <p><em>Cain’s even faster than before! Is he taking this fight seriously now?!</em></p>

      <p>“Die, heretic.” Cain was now right in front of Johnnie. His massive greatsword, which blazed with black flames, came arcing down at slaughtering speed.</p>

      <p><em>That’s not going to be dodgeable! </em></p>

      <p>Two figures—red and black—crossed one another, obscured by the cloud of dust.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>I’d seen visions of Johnnie being cleft in twain, but instead, the elven swordsman had easily turned Cain’s blow aside. A simple katana had parried the godking’s relic? Johnnie was beyond impressive.</p>

      <p>“That was close,” Johnnie remarked in a casual tone. He readied his blade once again.</p>

      <p><em>Wow...</em></p>

      <p>If Cain’s sword had struck true, the katana would have definitely shattered. Cain probably knew that as well—the hero-killer turned toward me, switching targets, and I felt his menacing aura.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Elemental Unification</em>,” I said, pushing mana from the elementals into my dagger. I slashed it horizontally through the air.</p>

      <p>A huge arc of water wrapped around Cain, and the rushing sound filled my ears. That black armor was unaffected, though. My water arc broke apart a section of the dark clouds, allowing a shaft of sunlight to reach the ground.</p>

      <p>Then, Cain came dashing toward me.</p>

      <p>“Worthless! Die where you stand!”</p>

      <p>Only a few steps separated the two of us.</p>

      <p><em>Right Hand of the Elemental</em>.</p>

      <p>I braced myself, and then...</p>

      <p>Someone appeared behind Cain, yelling and swinging a sword that glowed in a kaleidoscope of color.</p>

      <p><em>Is that...Abel?</em></p>

      <p>Cain noticed Abel and hesitated for a split second over whether to commit to attacking me. Ultimately, he decided to turn and deal with the hero first, slashing to counter Abel’s sword strike.</p>

      <p><em>Oh no! Is this where Abel falls?!</em> Johnnie and I tried to cast a spell to help him, but...</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>Though the yell of shock had come from Cain, the rest of us were even more surprised.</p>

      <p>Abel’s sword had sliced through the demon lord’s helm.</p>

      <p><em>Wasn’t that armor supposed to defend against </em>everything<em>?!</em></p>

      <p>The helmet clattered across the ground. Blood welled forth from Cain’s neck, but a scant instant later, the wound disappeared with a flash of light.</p>

      <p>Oh. So Noah’s armor also healed him. <em>Come on, goddess... That’s not fair.</em></p>

      <p>Demon Lord Cain had dark skin and purple eyes—he was also shockingly handsome. However, those fine features were currently warped into a hateful scowl.</p>

      <p>“You...<em>defiled</em>...the armor gifted to me...by Noah...”</p>

      <p>“<em>Rain of Wind Arrows</em>.”</p>

      <p>“<em>Rain of Ice Spears</em>.”</p>

      <p>The spells Johnnie and I cast generated over a thousand elemental weapons, all leveled at Cain’s newly revealed head.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, get his weak spot!</em></p>

      <p>“Tch!”</p>

      <p>Cain seemed to realize his sudden disadvantage. Instantly, he scooped up the helm and flew away.</p>

      <p><em>Ah! You took it with you?!</em></p>

      <p>“Just you wait!” he yelled back at us. “I’ll offer your soul up to Noah next time!”</p>

      <p><em>We made it... </em>That was close—I had lost track of how many times I’d nearly died.</p>

      <p>I dropped to my knees where I was.</p>

      <p>“×××××××? (Um, my liege?)”</p>

      <p>“×××××××, ×××××××. ×××××××, ×××××××. (Ah, sorry about that, Undyne. Thanks. You were a real help.)”</p>

      <p>“×××! (Of course!)” She smiled happily before vanishing.</p>

      <p>She seemed far more emotional now than the first time we’d met. Then again, I wasn’t sure if she was technically the same person I would meet (had met?) in the future.</p>

      <p><em>Also, what was with all the “my liege” stuff?</em></p>

      <p>Even though Cain was gone, I still needed to deal with all the water walls and dragons I’d conjured. I was tidying it all up with my magic when I noticed someone getting closer. <em>Maybe Johnnie? Wait, no...</em></p>

      <p>“M-Makoto...”</p>

      <p>“Abel. Thanks for your help earlier.”</p>

      <p>He meandered over to me, having just landed a real blow on Cain. It’d been incredible.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, I’ll heal you,” he offered.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t really get injured,” I half protested.</p>

      <p>“But what if something happened?!” He ignored my words and cast a healing spell on me. <em>I only got scratched up a little, and nothing really hurts...</em> Regardless, I had more important things to ask him about.</p>

      <p>“Abel, that technique you used was unbelievable. Is that a magic sword?” There was no doubt about it—his attack had been from the <em>Hero of Light </em>skill set.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know. I was barely even thinking. You pushed the clouds away, and I just felt like...like I was filled with strength the moment the sun shone through...”</p>

      <p>“Huh...”</p>

      <p>Right! Iblis’s <em>Clouds of Darkness</em> were constantly covering the sky in this time period, blocking the sunlight.</p>

      <p><em>Is it that simple? </em>I asked myself.</p>

      <p>As I absently considered that, Abel’s expression fell to pieces. “Thank the gods... I thought all I could do was watch as he took away someone else I owed a debt to. I’m so glad you’re safe.” His voice shook, and his hand gripped my shoulder. His head was bowed, so I couldn’t properly see his face, but he might have been crying.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto!” A young girl quickly ran over to us.</p>

      <p>I nodded to her. “Momo.”</p>

      <p>“Are you okay?! Were you injured?!”</p>

      <p>“Nope. Abel healed me up just in case, but I’m not hurt at all.”</p>

      <p>“Thank goodness... I’m so glad.”</p>

      <p>The Grandsage wrapped her arms around my waist, hugging me tightly. I must have really worried her. I’d need to make up for that.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Johnnie was surrounded by his own subordinates. A lot of his comrades were injured. Had they all pulled through?</p>

      <p><em>Oh, he’s looking at me. </em>My <em>Listen</em> skill picked up his faint words: “My thanks.”</p>

      <p>Man, he was cool as a cucumber. <em>Lucy, your great-granddad’s a certified badass.</em> No wonder he was so popular.</p>

      <p><em>What about the others?</em></p>

      <p>Several healers were tending to the wounded. I looked around and saw that Julietta was nursing Volf. Deckel’s daughter was holding on to him and crying. <em>Whew, he made it. Guess we managed to knock down those death flags.</em></p>

      <p>I let out a massive sigh.</p>

      <p>We’d somehow managed to get through Cain’s seemingly unstoppable assault.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“Hurry—we’re moving farther in.”</p>

      <p>“Anyone healthy, help the wounded!”</p>

      <p>“Wait! Have we secured somewhere safe in the middle layer?!”</p>

      <p>“We’ve got a barrier up in a cave near the lake. It’s enough for us to evacuate to.”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t that lamia, arachne, and harpy territory?”</p>

      <p>“Trust the barrier! It’ll be fine...probably.”</p>

      <p>“Oy, are you sure about that?!”</p>

      <p>Currently, the people of the dungeon town were in the middle of a massive migration. The reason? Cain now knew of the town’s existence. They needed to relocate from the upper layer before the whole demon army arrived.</p>

      <p>It was a real shame...</p>

      <p>“Momo, let’s get going.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right.”</p>

      <p>Momo and I didn’t have many belongings—we practically only owned the clothes on our backs. I offered to help carry other things, but everyone turned me down with words like, “You must be tired from fighting alongside Sir Johnnie! You don’t need to worry about this stuff!” Also, since Momo was a child, she was exempt from carrying anything.</p>

      <p>Even as we progressed farther into the dungeon, barely any monsters showed up. The mages had cast barriers on the paths. It was probably a real pain for the monsters...but it enabled us to safely arrive in the middle layer.</p>

      <p>I heard the constant rumble of the waterfall impacting the lake. A small crack in the ceiling allowed a single shaft of light through, which gave the entire area an almost ephemeral feeling.</p>

      <p><em>It’s really taking me back... This is where I met Sasa again.</em></p>

      <p>As I was lost in my memories, Momo turned to me. “Sir Makoto, is something wrong?”</p>

      <p>“Nah, it’s nothing. Let’s go find Abel and the others.”</p>

      <p>The heroes had acted as a vanguard for the move, so Momo and I had come down separately from them. I was sure they’d been hurt...but well, I suppose it took more than that to bring down a hero.</p>

      <p>I felt kind of bad that we were the only ones taking it easy. Volf and Abel were carrying heavy-looking luggage. They probably weren’t going to be free anytime soon.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, a couple of girls I didn’t recognize came up to me.</p>

      <p>“Um, Sir Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Do you have a moment?”</p>

      <p>The first was a black-haired elf. The other was a blonde girl with cat ears. Both of them were gorgeous.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” I asked.</p>

      <p>The two slipped closer, taking my hands.</p>

      <p>“The chief wants to talk with you.”</p>

      <p>“We’ll guide the way.”</p>

      <p>“The chief...?” I asked. “Oh, you mean Johnnie? Okay.”</p>

      <p>Johnnie was a key figure in my mission to the past, so I wanted to spend some time actually talking with him.</p>

      <p>“Um...” Momo mumbled, placing a hand on the back of my shirt.</p>

      <p>“Can Momo come too?” I asked the girls.</p>

      <p>They hesitated for a moment, exchanged looks, and then agreed in unison.</p>

      <p><em>I wonder what that’s about...</em></p>

      <p>They guided us into a big cave, perhaps excavated using magic. It was already set up to house people. As I walked, I used <em>RPG Player</em> to peer at the elf’s face more closely.</p>

      <p><em>She looks kinda like her...</em></p>

      <p>The black-haired elf had features similar to Lucy. <em>Ah, but I guess Lucy is the only elf I’m somewhat close to. Maybe I just think they look alike because so many elves are attractive.</em></p>

      <p>While I was considering that, we arrived in a large stone room within the cave.</p>

      <p>“Chief.”</p>

      <p>“We brought Sir Makoto.”</p>

      <p>A muffled voice called out from beyond the door. “Come in.”</p>

      <p><em>Is that Johnnie? It sounds like him.</em></p>

      <p>The women opened the door, and we stepped inside.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>That was the first sound out of my mouth. Johnnie was sitting in a chair...with his shirt off. That in and of itself was fine. The real problem was behind him. There was a large bed...and the woman in that bed...</p>

      <p><em>Naked!</em></p>

      <p>Momo’s mouth was hanging open as she gawked. <em>Ack, maybe I shouldn’t have brought her.</em></p>

      <p>“I’m glad you’re here,” said Johnnie. “Take a seat.”</p>

      <p>I let out a hitched sigh and sat opposite him across the table.</p>

      <p>“Pardon me,” Momo said politely.</p>

      <p>The women who’d escorted us here swiftly brought out food and drink and placed everything on the table.</p>

      <p>“Go ahead and eat,” said Johnnie. “It’s not much, but it’s a sign of my appreciation for your help.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m glad you were there too. I would’ve been killed otherwise...”</p>

      <p>“You are not part of this town, and yet you risked your life to defend it. As its chief, I want to show my gratitude.”</p>

      <p>I let out another breath. “I appreciate it.”</p>

      <p>As far as Johnnie was concerned, he owed me for fighting for the town. I’d just been following my orders from Althena to protect the Hero of Light, but I guess it all worked out in the end.</p>

      <p>“Demon Lord Cain—the hero-killer. Facing off against him made it clear...but I had not expected him to possess such abnormal strength...” There was a slight darkening to Johnnie’s placid expression.</p>

      <p>“Man, he’s pretty much just cheating.” <em>Of course, that’s mostly due to Noah’s relics.</em> <em>Come on, goddess! It’s not fair to only give my predecessors the cool stuff.</em></p>

      <p>Johnnie nodded. “And yet you maintained your composure and calmly dealt with him. I was impressed.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t quite feel like I deserved the praise—after all, I’d been briefed ahead of time about his skills and equipment. I was essentially cheating too. If I hadn’t known about Cain, and that had been the first time I’d experienced his power, I probably wouldn’t have been able to deal. Cain was one of <em>those</em> bosses—one that totally wiped you out the first time through.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Sir Johnnie, is he joining our family too?”</p>

      <p>“Despite how strong he is, he’s such a cutie.”</p>

      <p>The naked women spoke up from the bed. Huh...I guess there were <em>two</em> of them. Also...cover up...at least a little. I glanced over at Momo—her face was red and she was looking away.</p>

      <p><em>She definitely seems embarrassed. Sorry, Momo.</em></p>

      <p>“We’ve got guests. Get dressed,” Johnnie told them.</p>

      <p>They chorused their agreement, and I drained my wine to shake away the intrusive thoughts. It was a strong drink that caught in my throat.</p>

      <p>“Here, Sir Makoto,” said the black-haired elf, quickly refilling my glass. She got right in my personal space as she poured. I glanced toward her, and she smiled back.</p>

      <p><em>Come on! You’re gonna give a guy the wrong idea with an expression like that...</em></p>

      <p>“My daughter seems to have fallen for you after watching you fight. If she suits your fancy, would you consider taking her?” asked Johnnie.</p>

      <p>I jolted. “Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Whaaaa?!” Momo’s eyes were wide.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto...” The elf girl gazed intensely at me.</p>

      <p>She was Johnnie’s daughter? Wait, so that meant...she was one of Lucy’s relatives?! No wonder they looked alike!</p>

      <p>“No fair! I want him too!” the blonde catgirl protested before throwing her arms around me.</p>

      <p>“Ah, she is fond of you as well,” Johnnie explained. “You need not choose—you can marry them both.”</p>

      <p>Wait, she was his daughter <em>too</em>?! I mean, Lucy had mentioned something like this...but how many kids did he <em>have</em>?!</p>

      <p>The two cute girls got closer, breathing my name.</p>

      <p>“These two are a strong mage and warrior, respectively. I think they’ll be a boon to you. Plus, they aren’t bad-looking, are they?” Johnnie continued, urging his daughters on.</p>

      <p>“Well, their feelings would need to—”</p>

      <p>They cut me off.</p>

      <p>“I long for you, Sir Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“I want you to take me...”</p>

      <p>Johnnie nodded. “There you have it.”</p>

      <p><em>Whoa, whoa, whoa! We only just met!</em></p>

      <p>“There’s something I am always telling my children: you can die at any moment in this world, so if you find someone you have feelings for, do not keep them shut away.”</p>

      <p>I let out another stuttering sigh. “I-I see...” That sorta sounded like Rosalie’s mantra. I guess it’d been passed down from Johnnie. Still...</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Makoto...?”</p>

      <p>Momo’s eyes were watering as she tugged on my sleeve. <em>You don’t need to look at me like that. I’m not going to marry someone from the past. Especially not one of Lucy’s relatives from her grandmother’s era.</em></p>

      <p>“I appreciate it, Johnnie,” I said, “but I’ll have to pass.”</p>

      <p>“Hm, I see...”</p>

      <p>“Aww, no fair.”</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto! I won’t give up!”</p>

      <p>He and his daughters seemed disappointed.</p>

      <p>“Still, I do wish to show my gratitude for your aid,” he insisted. “Is there anything else you want?”</p>

      <p>Johnnie definitely had a strong sense of duty.</p>

      <p>“I guess...” I thought for a moment. “Could you lend me a hand if I need it?”</p>

      <p>“Me?” he asked, looking taken aback.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I want your help.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I suppose...”</p>

      <p>“Great! I’ll come to you when I need assistance.”</p>

      <p>He nodded. “Very well.”</p>

      <p>Yes! I had a promise from him! Now I knew he’d help in the fight against Iblis.</p>

      <p>“Though, I feel like I just made a deal with a devil...” Johnnie murmured after a moment.</p>

      <p>“You’re imagining things.” <em>I’m not letting you take it back!</em></p>

      <p>The two girls were still trying to drape themselves over me. <em>Staying too long might be a bad idea.</em> I bid my farewells, and we left the room.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Momo’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto!”</p>

      <p>“Sir Makotoooo, can we talk?”</p>

      <p>The chief’s daughters and other women from the town were now constantly approaching him. Everyone seemed to be trying to curry favor. He <em>was</em> one of the heroes who had fought off that terrifying demon lord, so it made sense. And the women were all beautiful...with huge chests...</p>

      <p>Ugh, he was going to end up with one of them at some point. <em>And</em> <em>if he does, I’ll just be in the way.</em> I didn’t think he would cast me aside, but I knew all too well that things would change.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t stop my spiraling thoughts and was only pulled out of my worries by the sound of his voice.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Momo?”</p>

      <p>His expression and voice were both calm, but despite that, his eyes were almost cold, like he was evaluating me. His gaze was always like ice, never wavering no matter what enemies attacked. I shuddered as those frigid eyes fell upon me.</p>

      <p><em>Sir Makoto...I love you.</em></p>

      <p>I wanted to stay with him forever. I never wanted to part from him. But how? How could I stay with him?</p>

      <p>“Um...Sir Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah?”</p>

      <p>“Errr...”</p>

      <p>What should I say? “Take me as your lover”? No, that wouldn’t work. He’d say something like, “Maybe when you’re older.” He just thought of me as some child he had to look after.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto!” I exclaimed, breaking out of my thoughts. “Take me... Take me...as your apprentice!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>My request elicited a rare noise of shock from him.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>The Grandsage had become my apprentice... Like, what the hell?</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto! I’m looking forward to your instruction!”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah...”</p>

      <p>Hearing that from the Grandsage made me feel like I was going crazy. Although, in this era, Momo didn’t have much fighting capability. Training her in magic wasn’t a bad idea.</p>

      <p>“Let’s start by bumping up our magic mastery.”</p>

      <p>“Got it!” she exclaimed. “I’ll train my <em>Water Magic</em> like you.”</p>

      <p>“Are you an idiot?! Water is the weakest of the seven elements! It comes last. Last!”</p>

      <p>“Awww!”</p>

      <p>She had the <em>Sage</em> skill, which let her use all of the elements, so why would she start with <em>water</em>? It was practically just a hobby.</p>

      <p>“I wanted us to match...” she complained.</p>

      <p>“I train my <em>Water</em>, <em>Sun</em>, and <em>Fate Magic</em> in turn. You should start with <em>Fire</em> and then <em>Ground Magic</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Okaaay...” She agreed reluctantly.</p>

      <p><em>Fire Magic</em> excelled at offense, and <em>Ground Magic</em> was great for defense. There was no harm in mastering those two first.</p>

      <p>Also...I was pretty sure the Grandsage was good with <em>Teleport</em>. I couldn’t use it, though, so I couldn’t teach her.<em> I wonder if there’s anyone good with </em>Fate Magic<em> around here. </em>Actually...was I really coming up with the Grandsage’s curriculum?!</p>

      <p>Regardless of the oddities in my mind, we kept training together. Although, speaking of oddities, there’d been an unusual shift around town recently—I’d become really popular with women. They were being pretty blatant about it too.</p>

      <p>One of the most persistent girls was the black-haired elf—the one similar to Lucy. But, I mean...she was one of Lucy’s relatives. She was from the same generation as Lucy’s grandfather, the village chief I’d met that one time in Springrogue. And apparently, she was only around fourteen... That was actually younger than me. She was Johnnie’s daughter, though, so I couldn’t reject her too harshly. Instead, I just vaguely pushed her away.</p>

      <p>I was currently training my <em>Water Magic</em> by fishing in the underground lake. Momo was training next to me, a look of focus on her face as she produced four <em>Fireballs</em>. She was improving quickly. I guess that was a benefit of the <em>Sage</em> skill. A little ways away, Abel was keeping watch.</p>

      <p>There was a magical barrier around us, and the heroes were on guard too, so no monsters were lurking anywhere. In other words, there was nothing for us to do.</p>

      <p><em>Let’s make sure the time isn’t wasted.</em></p>

      <p>“Come over here, Momo.”</p>

      <p>“S-Sure.”</p>

      <p>“Keep the <em>Fireballs</em> going,” I instructed as I watched her try to drop them. Keeping magic up all the time was a requirement for this type of training. Incidentally, I had 999 butterflies made of water magic fluttering all around us. The Grandsage was going to be the best mage on the continent, so I’d have her doing the same sooner or later.</p>

      <p>“Abel,” I called out.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” He looked my way with a smile.</p>

      <p><em>Nice! I scored a load of relationship points! Wait...what am I on about?</em></p>

      <p>“There’s somewhere I want to go. Mind tagging along?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, I can come. Where are we going?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Momo looked between us, confused. “We’re going somewhere?”</p>

      <p>“To the deepest layer of Labyrinthos,” I answered.</p>

      <p>Momo and Abel let out overlapping gasps of shock.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>