<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“I’m not. Ira is just teasing me.”</p>

      <p>At my words, Ira turned me loose and took a step back. “You could at least hesitate to refuse me,” she scolded. “I really went to great lengths with that pitch.”</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, Noah is the only one for me.”</p>

      <p>“Meanie.”</p>

      <p>I’d been right—Ira was just joking. Still, Dia was being oddly reserved, especially compared to her usual self-importance.</p>

      <p>Reading my mind, Ira spoke up.</p>

      <p>“It’s her memories from Titanomachia. The elementals are uneasy around us Sacred Deities.”</p>

      <p>“Huh.”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m not scared! My liege, don’t listen to her smooth talk!”</p>

      <p>With that, Dia vanished. Guess she really <em>was</em> uneasy around Ira.</p>

      <p>“Don’t be too mean to her,” I said to Ira.</p>

      <p>“I won’t. Well, things would have been easier if you’d decided to convert, but instead, take this with you.”</p>

      <p>She handed over a silver necklace. I peered at it closely and could see something like a charm in the shape of a clock. Scratch that—it actually <em>was</em> a clock.</p>

      <p>“What’s this?” I asked. “It’s not going to stop time when I wear it or something, right?”</p>

      <p>“Sadly, that’s not going to happen. That necklace is a communication device. A direct line to me.”</p>

      <p>“A communication device?” That didn’t sound like something from a fantasy world like this. Still, communication, huh? “So I can talk to you whenever I like if I’m wearing this?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. I can’t come with you, so use this to ask me for advice when you need it.”</p>

      <p>“Wow!” That was a definite relief. After all, Ira <em>could</em> see the future. “I look forward to working with you, Ira.”</p>

      <p>“Same here, Makoto Takatsuki. Now, you should return to your comrades.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>The two of us retraced our steps to the chapel where the others were waiting.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makotoooo! Look at this.”</p>

      <p>“Momo?” She trotted up to me wearing some kind of thick, robe-looking garment. It jangled when she moved.</p>

      <p>“That’ll probably be a bit hard to move in, won’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Will it?” she asked, shoulders slumping.</p>

      <p>“Looks good on you, though.” She looked cute in her disappointment, so I ruffled her hair.</p>

      <p>“Are you done talking, Makoto?” Abel asked.</p>

      <p>“You took your time, Elementalist.”</p>

      <p>The other two had come up while Momo and I chatted. They both had new equipment of their own, but with less excessive ornamentation.</p>

      <p>“We are. Did you find a good holy sword?” I asked Abel.</p>

      <p>That’d been our objective, after all, so it was a natural question.</p>

      <p>“Well...”</p>

      <p>And yet, he didn’t give a proper answer. Uh? But Ira had offered up so many magic weapons.</p>

      <p>“Elementalist,” Mel said. “The magic weapons here are all superb, but none of them are holy swords.”</p>

      <p>“This mythril magic sword is what I’ve picked.” Abel gestured to the sword he was carrying. “It’s much better than what I have, but according to the Lady Dragon, it is not a holy sword.”</p>

      <p>“I...see...”</p>

      <p>I peered at the sword in question. As far as I was concerned, it looked like a really strong magic sword... <em>So not even </em>this<em> is a holy sword? </em>Well, now we were stuck.</p>

      <p>Luckily, we had a reassuring ally on our side.</p>

      <p>“What shall we do?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmph, leave it to me.” Estelle—possessed by Ira—puffed her chest up proudly. “Head for Ascareus Sanctus. There exists the sun temple closest to the heavens. You should be able to hear my big sis—ahem, Lady Althena’s voice there, and you will be able to gain the power to defeat the demon lord.”</p>

      <p>Her voice was grave. Abel, Mel, and Momo all listened seriously. I was slightly concerned, though. <em>Ira, didn’t you almost mention your “big sister” just now? You’re letting yourself slip. </em>I sent these thoughts toward her with a lidded look.</p>

      <p>The look—or glare—she returned seemed to indicate that I should ignore it. I guess it’d be fine? <em>Even though she’s an airhead goddess, I trust her words. </em></p>

      <p>I exhaled a small sigh of lament. At least now I felt far better than when I’d been cast adrift on my own in this era.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>