<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 8: Makoto Takatsuki Speaks with a Demon Lord</h1>

      <p>It’d been three days since we’d arrived at the temple. There was a spring nearby, so water wasn’t a problem. And since various fruits and vegetables—including wheat—were growing all around, we didn’t need to worry about food either.</p>

      <p>It seemed like these resources were maintained by magic, and the lack of monsters made the temple seem really peaceful.</p>

      <p>“Is this paradise?” murmured Abel—or rather, Anna, since she was in her female form. She’d been spending a lot of time as Anna lately.</p>

      <p>I took a sip of the spring water. <em>Delicious. </em>“It’s more than pleasant,” I remarked, staring at the flowing water. <em>Do mountain tops </em>have<em> springs?</em> <em>Maybe they do in this world.</em> I gave up thinking about it.</p>

      <p>We were sitting around a stone dining table that Mel had made using ground magic. Before us was a spread of bread, fruit, and some meat. Mel had made the bread by using some sort of cooking magic. <em>She really can do anything. </em>We’d gotten the meat by hunting farther down the mountain—Momo and Anna had roasted it for us.</p>

      <p>As for me...I’d peeled fruit with a knife.</p>

      <p>“Um...Sir Makoto?” Momo asked, fidgeting.</p>

      <p>“Right, you want your usual.”</p>

      <p>I held out my arm, and Momo latched on.</p>

      <p>She let out a happy sigh. “Your blood is so sweet...”</p>

      <p>“Sweet? Really?”</p>

      <p>She let me go after a while, and out of curiosity, I licked the wound she’d left behind. It was saltier than it was sweet. Frankly, it just tasted like blood. I didn’t understand vampire taste buds.</p>

      <p>“U-Um...Sir Makoto, my mouth was just there!” Her face had gone red.</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>Oh, right, she’d just bitten there. Guess me licking it was...an indirect kiss?</p>

      <p>Anna shot me a light glare. “Makoto...you’re so shameless.”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>