<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue_1"><div class="main">
      <p>I really would have been in trouble if Lucy and Aya hadn’t shown up.</p>

      <p>“If something were to happen to you, Laphroaig would fall! You have no line of succession, so—”</p>

      <p>“O-Of course I don’t!”</p>

      <p>A line of succession meant<em> children</em>. I wasn’t even married, so of course I didn’t have one.</p>

      <p>“There are countless nobles that want to marry you.”</p>

      <p>“N-No way! I won’t take anyone but my knight— Oh...” I slapped a hand over my mouth, trying to conceal my slipup.</p>

      <p>The man that was my guardian knight—Makoto Takatsuki—was both the State-Authorized Hero of Roses and the water priestess Sophia’s fiancé.</p>

      <p>She let out a sigh. “Well, I do know how taken you are with him...but Laphroaig will not claim him.”</p>

      <p>“I know...”</p>

      <p>Things felt rather awkward. <em>Damn it! This is all his fault.</em> I’d love to complain to my knight, but he was off gallivanting in the past, so he wasn’t here...</p>

      <p>“Come on, Sophia. That’s enough, don’t you think?”</p>

      <p>“Right, it’s been so long since we were all together.”</p>

      <p>Fortunately, Lucy and Aya cleared the awkward atmosphere. The two of them had been in the room the whole time, but they’d just silently watched the lambasting.</p>

      <p><em>And with smiles on their faces!</em></p>

      <p>“I suppose so...” murmured the princess.</p>

      <p>“Thank goodness! The lecture is over!”</p>

      <p>“Let’s eat.”</p>

      <p>“We got things ready.”</p>

      <p>While I’d been getting reamed out, Aya and Lucy had filled a table with food and drinks. The dishes had been prepared by the palace chefs, while the alcohol was something they’d bought elsewhere.</p>

      <p>“Haaah.” I stretched my sore muscles. “I’m so tired. And hungry.”</p>

      <p>“Nrow, nrow.”</p>

      <p>I looked down and noticed that there was now a cat curled up on my lap. This was my knight’s familiar, Twi. The beast must have hidden while I was being lectured. I glared, but Twi just answered with a big stretch. <em>Cheeky cat.</em></p>

      <p>“Just like you,” Princess Sophia remarked from my side.</p>

      <p><em>Hm...maybe.</em></p>

      <p>“C’mon, c’mon, you two take a glass too.”</p>

      <p>“Cheers!”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Aya dragged us all into a party of sorts. After going so long without seeing my friends, the food tasted delicious.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Honestly! When is he coming back?!”</p>

      <p>“I know what you mean...he promised! But he still hasn’t returned.”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...I’m so lonely...”</p>

      <p>The princess, alcohol in hand, sounded much harsher than usual. Lucy was sulking, and Aya was sniffling. None of them were dealing well with the drink, it seemed.</p>

      <p>“Nrow, nrow.”</p>

      <p>Only the cat was still in a good mood—he was chewing through the roast beef I’d put down. I was so jealous of the familiar’s relaxed nature.</p>

      <p>“Your master’s the problem here. Say something,” I flicked the cat lightly on the forehead.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I heard a slight metallic ringing. Like a small bell or something. I glanced around briefly but decided I must have been hearing things. <em>Maybe I’m just drunk.</em></p>

      <p>“Hmph. It seems my master has indeed caused some bother.”</p>

      <p>None of us had spoken. In fact, the voice was one I’d never heard before. It was a man’s voice, mysterious and beautiful.</p>

      <p>The four of us jolted in confusion.</p>

      <p>“Who was that?!”</p>

      <p>“Where are you?!”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Aya were experienced adventurers, and both were instantly ready for a fight. A beat later, the princess and I were warily watching the area to protect ourselves.</p>

      <p>But as we scanned the room, we saw no one unfamiliar. It was just the four of us.</p>

      <p>“What is so panic-inducing?” said the mysterious voice.</p>

      <p>My head snapped down to the source of the voice.<em> Right here... Right next to me!</em></p>

      <p>The one who’d spoken...was the cat with my finger on its head.</p>

      <p>“That’s...<em>your</em> voice,” I said in awe, starting at Twi.</p>

      <p>“Indeed so.”</p>

      <p>“No way!” Lucy yelled. “Twi’s talking?!”</p>

      <p>“Aww, that’s not a cute voice!”</p>

      <p>Neither of the other two had known about the cat talking. Obviously, I hadn’t known either.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia was glancing between the cat and me, looking intrigued. “Did your saint’s miracle cause this?”</p>

      <p>“Saint’s miracle?”</p>

      <p>My voice overlapped with Lucy and Aya’s as we all asked the same question.</p>

      <p>“Why do <em>you</em> not know?” Princess Sophia sighed.</p>

      <p>Well, <em>excuse me</em>, Princess. I’d been busy rebuilding a country. And I might be Naya’s priestess, but she hadn’t told me anything.</p>

      <p>“It is said that those recognized as saints by Althena gain a miraculous power. Lady Noelle’s is the <em>Ballad of Victory</em>, which temporarily increases the mana and stats of allies several times over.”</p>

      <p>“Huh, it does?”</p>

      <p>“Sophie knows so much.”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Aya were hearing this for the first time too. <em>See, so it makes sense that I didn’t know.</em> Suddenly, I realized something.</p>

      <p><em>Wait...so that means </em>my<em> miracle...</em></p>

      <p>“So Fuuri’s power is making cats talk?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“That’s nice!” Aya exclaimed. “Sounds fun!”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s the point in that?!” The miracle I got for becoming a saint was...the ability to make cats talk?! Was such a laughable thing even a miracle?!</p>

      <p>“That’s not necessarily the—”</p>

      <p>Twi cut off Princess Sophia. “Indeed so. Your miracle has granted me speech, Princess. You have my thanks.”</p>

      <p><em>It’s true! The cat itself said as much...very clearly!</em></p>

      <p>“S-So it is...” Damn it all...was this going to be announced around the country? Queen Furiae of Laphroaig’s new miracle was the ability to grant speech to cats. “Th-This is the worst...”</p>

      <p>“There, there, do not be so down, Princess,” Twi said soothingly.</p>

      <p>“Quit it with the constant ‘Princess’! You’re reminding me of him!” I couldn’t help but yell out angrily.</p>

      <p>This cat’s master was definitely to blame!</p>

      <p><em>My knight...hurry back. We’re all...so lonely.</em></p>

      <p>I hadn’t meant to drink so much, but we all ended up partying the night away. It felt like I’d gone back to my adventuring days, and that soothed my heart.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>Incidentally, it transpired that my miracle was not the ability to grant speech to cats, but rather, the incredible possibility of “awakening things to their latent potential.” The reason Twi spoke was that all magical beasts gained the ability to use human language as they got stronger.</p>

      <p>I was just glad it wasn’t a laughable skill.</p>

      <p>Thanks to my ability, our personnel shortage would become less of an issue, and the country’s development would progress even faster. Even so, it would be slow going.</p>

      <p><em>My knight...when will you return? </em>My clumsy <em>Future Sight</em> didn’t tell me anything, so all I could do was pray. I normally didn’t, and I wasn’t even sure she heard me. Still, I prayed, not expecting a response.</p>

      <p><em>Naya...please, save my knight. </em></p>

      <p>For the barest of instants, I thought I heard giggling.</p>

      <p>“Naya?” I said aloud. There was no response. Perhaps I had imagined it.</p>

      <p>It could have been fatigue. I stretched widely.</p>

      <p>There was no one else in my room. Princess Sophia had returned to Roses, and the other two had left to go see the guild. The queen’s rooms were some of the biggest in the palace, and it felt lonely with only me to fill them.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe I could put up a portrait of my knight. </em>He wasn’t around to sit for one, though.</p>

      <p>I tried to think of a solution and then remembered his merchant friend from Roses. <em>Excellent! I’ll ask him about acquiring pictures of my knight.</em></p>

      <p>Until he returned, I’d settle for those.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>