<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue"><div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: The Girls Meet Up in Laphroaig</h1>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Furiae’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>It had been three months since my knight had left on his journey.</p>

      <p>“Your Majesty! There are a hundred new citizens in the city!”</p>

      <p>“Queen Furiae! The palace will soon be decorated!”</p>

      <p>“My Queen! We should strengthen our forces to protect the city!”</p>

      <p>Voices called my name constantly. I was in the throne room of Laphroaig’s palace, which was currently under construction.</p>

      <p>People were constantly moving to the new capital. This was because we were gathering the cambions who had been hiding across the continent.</p>

      <p>“Lady Furiae, Princess Sophia will be arriving from Roses tomorrow. Will the usual greeting suffice?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, it is almost time,” I remarked.</p>

      <p>Roses had lent us much of the manpower we needed to rebuild the country, though they were by no means blessed in that respect—other nations had many more soldiers to spare than Roses did. Highland was the most prosperous, but we could not borrow their strength. Well, more accurately, years of institutional persecution meant that my citizens all hated Highland.</p>

      <p>The animosity had all started because the cambions had been part of Iblis’s forces a thousand years ago. However, I truly wished that those values had not survived until now.</p>

      <p>Roses—under Eir’s guidance—was much kinder to the persecuted than Highland. Even the cambions had found Roses to be the easiest place to live.</p>

      <p>“She goes out of her way to take the long journey here, even though her own country is struggling... I honestly cannot find fault in Her Highness.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” I remarked. “Prepare a force to meet her. We do not want to go to extremes though, so take care.”</p>

      <p>“Of course! Leave it to me, Lady Furiae.”</p>

      <p>My aide gave an energetic answer before rushing away. The citizens liked the princess as well, so just leaving it to my subordinates would be fine.</p>

      <p>“Lady Furiae! There is a troubling report!”</p>

      <p>I gave a pained sigh.<em> It’s just one problem after another. </em>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“There are undead being reported in the city night after night.”</p>

      <p>“Undead?” I asked. “That’s strange.” I put a hand to my chin in contemplation.</p>

      <p>The undead usually only appeared around old settlements. When people lived in an area for long enough, the dead—perhaps deceased citizens—could rise from their graves. The capital was a new city though, so undead would normally not be a concern.</p>

      <p>“A necromancer could be behind it,” someone suggested.</p>

      <p>“Why, though?” I asked. “Have there been any casualties?”</p>

      <p>“None! Our citizens are all accomplished mages! The undead are no match!”</p>

      <p>“I see...though the safety of our children is a concern.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed... We wish to solve this issue, but we do not have enough people to spare. Perhaps we could discuss it with Princess Sophia when she arrives?”</p>

      <p>That certainly was logical—she was a priestess of the goddess’s church and had many clergy that could exorcise the undead. Laphroaig, on the other hand, didn’t have enough people capable of that.</p>

      <p>“I would rather not bother her with mere undead,” I stated. “Perhaps I could head out myself to find the source? I <em>am</em> rather skilled with <em>Necroman</em>—”</p>

      <p>“You must not, my queen!” came the simultaneous call from all of my subordinates.</p>

      <p>What was all that about? Queens had no freedom...</p>

      <p>We ended up deciding to discuss the matter of the undead with the adventurer’s guild.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ That Night ◇</p>

      <p><em>Heh heh heh...it’s been so long since I wandered the streets alone. Now that I think about it, the last time was when I was on the run in Highland.</em></p>

      <p>Currently, I was walking through the capital on my own. It was late, and the night was dark. The city had only just been completed, so there were few places open at this hour, so the light level was much lower than in most cities.</p>

      <p>Energy was mainly clustered around the few taverns. People spilled out from the inside, making merry on the streets. We also had a good number of patrolling mages to keep public order.</p>

      <p><em>The city still has a long way to go.</em> That was the main reason I wanted to deal with the undead quickly. It was also why I’d decided to sneak out of the palace. This excursion was, of course, a secret from my subordinates.</p>

      <p><em>Thinking back, my knight was constantly doing this sort of thing... </em>He’d bring up his <em>Stealth</em> skill at the drop of a hat to sneak off somewhere.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t use that skill though, so instead, I was wearing a dark, hooded robe that helped me blend in with the night. <em>Maybe that just makes me seem more suspicious, though...</em></p>

      <p>Just then, one of the patrolling mages called out to me. “You there! It isn’t safe for a woman to be walking around at this time of night!”</p>

      <p><em>Well, this is an issue. </em>I didn’t reply, and he drew closer.</p>

      <p>“Why are you hiding your face?” he demanded. “You belong here, do you not? Show me!”</p>

      <p>I pulled my hood back, revealing my face.</p>

      <p>“This should suffice, no?”</p>

      <p>His face twisted in shock. “You... I mean, My Lady!”</p>

      <p>“I apologize, but I have business. Could you let me pass?”</p>

      <p><em>Charm Eyes</em>.</p>

      <p>“O-Of course,” he replied after a pause. “As you command.”</p>

      <p><em>Charm </em>had handily manipulated him. I felt bad, but I couldn’t head back to the palace yet.</p>

      <p>I kept walking, and eventually, I arrived at an empty area. I saw no undead lurking around. <em>Well, the reports did mention that they don’t appear </em>every<em> night. </em>There was a chance they wouldn’t show up.</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p><em>Fate Magic: Future Sight</em>.</p>

      <p>This was a spell I used to struggle with a lot in the past. But now that I was a saint, I found it much easier.</p>

      <p><em>They’ll be here...</em></p>

      <p><em>Future Sight</em> told me that the undead would indeed be present tonight. I was skilled at necromancy, so they would be easy to deal with. However, killing them (again) wouldn’t solve the source of the problem.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll find whoever thinks they can mess with our city.</em></p>

      <p>After all, I had gone on adventures with Lucy and Aya, so I was experienced in matters like this. <em>It should be an easy problem to solve!</em></p>

      <p>I just had to wait until they arrived.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Hm? Why is a human here?”</p>

      <p>“Were you followed?”</p>

      <p>“No human could ever manage to follow me!”</p>

      <p>“No matter. We can kill her. She’ll make a good undead.”</p>

      <p>Two suspicious individuals had arrived. Judging from their conversation, they were the source of the undead plaguing our city. All I had to do now was report it to our court mages—these men could then be captured and tried quickly.</p>

      <p><em>Now, how do I get out of this situation?</em></p>

      <p>“Bad luck, missy. Your fault for wandering around at night.”</p>

      <p>One of the men was grinning as he approached. With green skin and red eyes, he was clearly neither a human nor a cambion. This was a demon. The other person standing with their arms folded a little ways away was a demon as well. I’d been expecting some of the Snake Sect or Iblis’s believers—I hadn’t thought we had been infiltrated by actual demons.</p>

      <p>Still, I wasn’t just going to let them get away with it.</p>

      <p>The demon kept on grinning. “Well then...feel free to resist, if you can.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t make noise,” said the other demon. “You’ll reveal our strategy.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph, she’s just a mewling woman. It’ll be over soon—”</p>

      <p>That was when I dropped my hood and activated <em>Charm</em>.</p>

      <p>“Obey me!”</p>

      <p>I had no offensive magic, so to protect myself, I either had to use <em>Charm</em> on my opponents or use necromancy to create allies. I didn’t have the time for the latter, so I used the former.</p>

      <p>“Guh!”</p>

      <p>“<em>Charm</em>... And her face...”</p>

      <p>“Wha?”</p>

      <p>I reeled. It should’ve worked immediately—I would have known—but this wasn’t what I’d expected.</p>

      <p>“Shame...” said the demon with mock pity. “It’s pointless. That doesn’t work on us.”</p>

      <p>Normally, <em>Charm</em> allowed me to control people in an instant. These two demons still had their faculties, though.</p>

      <p>“My...<em>Charm</em>...isn’t working?”</p>

      <p>Many demons had strong magic resistance. However, I had only ever encountered one other demon who was this strong against my skill—Sciulli, the demon woman who had attacked us in the Forest of Fiends.</p>

      <p><em>Which means...</em></p>

      <p>“You are demons from a millennium ago...”</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” The demon scoffed. “We have held audience...with Lady Nevia...”</p>

      <p>“You have nothing on that witch... Though you look...awfully similar.”</p>

      <p>I slowly backed away. If <em>Charm</em> wasn’t working, then all I could do was run. But demons were beyond humans in their abilities. Whether I’d be <em>able</em> to run was still to be seen.</p>

      <p>“Hmph, think you’re getting away?”</p>

      <p>“You need to die.”</p>

      <p>“Guh!” I gasped.</p>

      <p>This was bad. At this point, I’d have to abandon my shame and try and cause a commotion so someone found me.</p>

      <p>“Hiyaaahh!”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, there was a massive thumping noise, like a falling boulder. It was followed by a strangled cry. I did a double take and saw that the green demon had been blasted away by a kick from a small girl—a familiar girl with her hair tied up in pigtails.</p>

      <p>Then, a magic circle appeared nearby, and someone else stepped out of it.</p>

      <p>“Sorry to keep you waiting, Fuuri! You good?”</p>

      <p>In front of me stood a girl wearing a bright red cloak—her long hair flowed freely in the night air. She must have teleported in.</p>

      <p>“Aya...Lucy?”</p>

      <p>They were here—the two girls I’d once adventured alongside.</p>

      <p>“Fuu! Thank goodness.” The girl who had kicked the demon engulfed me in a hug.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Why are you here?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Sophie told us you were in trouble.”</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia?” How did she know? As far as I knew, she didn’t have <em>Future Sight</em>.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the two demons glared hatefully at Lucy and Aya. After recovering from the sudden attack, they stood unflinching.</p>

      <p>“You’ve done it now,” spat one of the demons. “None of you are getting away.”</p>

      <p>“You might have succeeded at a surprise attack, but the two of you are just female adventurers. You are no match for us.”</p>

      <p>Lucy barked a laugh. “That’s rich coming from two demons who can’t even take on a fledgling country properly. You’re just sneaking in undead.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, lame ain’t it, Lu?”</p>

      <p>Indeed, they had succeeded in provoking the demons. <em>Actually, is this the best idea?</em></p>

      <p>“Foolish...Humans...”</p>

      <p>“You Will Regret Your Hubris...”</p>

      <p>Their bodies started to warp and twist. That wasn’t all—their voices had grown harsher and crueler. Apparently, they were taking this fight seriously.</p>

      <p>“Be careful, both of you!” I shouted.</p>

      <p>They turned back to smile at me.</p>

      <p>“Well, we can’t make Fuu worry,” Aya remarked. “<em>Superstar</em>!” Her body started to glow in a prismatic rainbow of light.</p>

      <p>“You’re right. Let’s finish this in one shot—<em>Dress of Spirit</em>!”</p>

      <p>Lucy’s body flared with burning red light. <em>Wait, that’s the same as Rosalie...</em></p>

      <p>The two demons backed away slightly, realizing that they weren’t ordinary girls. Still, they remained, intending to fight.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What...?” sputtered one of the demons.</p>

      <p>“Empty Threats at Best...” growled the other.</p>

      <p>The girls didn’t waste another second.</p>

      <p>“Hrah!”</p>

      <p>“Go away!”</p>

      <p>Aya’s body disappeared in a flash—Lucy launched her from a<em> Teleport </em>into a tackle.</p>

      <p>It was done in a single hit, just as they’d promised.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ The Next Day ◇</p>

      <p>“Your Majesty, are you aware of your position?”</p>

      <p>The question was spoken in an icy voice.</p>

      <p>We were in my private room. Despite that, I was the one on my knees. Looking down at me was Roses’s princess—Sophia.</p>

      <p>“But I was just going for a short walk.”</p>

      <p>“And you did so <em>outside</em>! Without any escort! What were you thinking?! You are the <em>queen</em> of this country!”</p>

      <p>“Right...I’m sorry.” I slumped over.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>