<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue_1"><div class="main">
      <p>After that, Momo and I wandered the territory for around three days. From time to time, we came across locals living in hiding, but none of them had any light in their eyes. I thought they might try to come with us, even though I looked weak and Momo was young, but none of them seemed to have the energy for it.</p>

      <p>We also tried talking to them, but no one had heard of Hero Abel.</p>

      <p>Annoyingly, my traveling clothes made me stick out like a sore thumb among the tattered rags everyone else was wearing. So, in an attempt to blend in, I changed into the simplest clothes I could find and gave my jacket to Momo.</p>

      <p>The humans’ captors periodically distributed food throughout the farm, so they really <em>were</em> rearing people as livestock. There was a distinct possibility that the monsters and demons giving out food would randomly kill those who accepted a meal, so we never took anything. Instead, we made our camps near rivers, catching fish and such to sustain ourselves. As for the cooking...</p>

      <p>“Can you use fire magic?” I asked Momo.</p>

      <p>“I can. I like both fire and ground magic!”</p>

      <p>We used Momo’s skills to cook the fish and then seasoned them with the salt I had on hand.</p>

      <p>“That’s amazing,” I said. “Couldn’t you use your magic to fight against the monsters?”</p>

      <p>“H-How would I do that?! There are so many people out there with stronger skills and magic than me! And none of them can stand up to the army. Even if they did manage to somehow win, the generals would kill them in an instant.”</p>

      <p>“The generals?”</p>

      <p>“The Undead King’s sixteen generals and nine bloodfiend generals. The strongest of them are Balam the Wonder, Sciulli the Temptress, and Setekh the Magic Eye. They say that not even the heroes can stand against them!”</p>

      <p>“Ah...” I knew two of them. In fact, I’d fought them. <em>I have a strong connection to this place—it makes sense that I ended up here.</em></p>

      <p>“Um... Sir Makoto? You’re always reading that book. What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>I’d been training my low rank <em>Sun</em> and<em> Fate Magic</em> since I’d arrived here—it went without saying that I’d kept up water magic practice as well. Currently, I was training while I read the picture book <em>The Legend of Hero Abel</em>.</p>

      <p><em>Momo must be curious about it.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s a book that comes from my homeland. I received it as a gift from someone who’s very important to me.” My mind flashed back, and I remembered the look on Princess Sophia’s face when she gave it to me.</p>

      <p>“I see,” Momo mumbled, slumping over. “I’m kinda jealous. I can’t read...”</p>

      <p>I felt bad that she lacked such a fundamental skill...but it meant that I could read the book out in the open without fear of her finding out about future events. Still, I could sympathize with her a bit.</p>

      <p>“I’ll teach you soon enough,” I said. “Magic training comes first, though. For now, let’s work on getting you to cast without incantations.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right! I’ll do my best!”</p>

      <p>We were traveling together for now, but that wouldn’t last forever. I wanted to teach her as much magic as possible...or at least enough to help her survive on her own.</p>

      <p>I kept up the water magic practice and let my gaze drop to my book, which was open to the first chapter. The story centered around a boy named Abel who had awoken to his skill as a hero in the small village where he’d been raised. Apparently, he’d grown into his power alongside his mentor, the Hero of Fire. The very end of the chapter told the tale of how Abel and the other heroes worked together to defeat Demon Lord Bifrons.</p>

      <p>That’s right—Bifrons was the first demon lord defeated by Hero Abel. Because of this, my plan was to wait here, in Bifrons’s territory, until Abel showed up.</p>

      <p>I’d wanted to locate a large town and gather some info, but I was worried about wandering around beneath the dark clouds without any real objective. So, I figured it made more sense to wait in a location where I knew Abel would appear.</p>

      <p>While I taught Momo some fundamentals of magic, I asked her about the farm’s territory and learned the lay of the land. Demons and monsters wandered around us from time to time, but with <em>Water Magic: Mist</em> and <em>Stealth</em> active, the chances of them finding us were pretty slim. Also, I wasn’t exactly ecstatic about the food quality...but beggars couldn’t be choosers.</p>

      <p>There was, however, one other thing I had to worry about. Every night, Momo kept trying to “visit” me. As soon as I would finish my training for the day and lay down to sleep, she’d crawl in beside me underneath my small travel blanket.</p>

      <p>She’d been all beat up during our first meeting, but she had still looked nice. Now, after cleaning her up with magic, giving her new clothes, and making her all neat and tidy, she looked even nicer. Whether she understood that or not... Well, I wasn’t sure. Still, she was super cute when she looked up at me through her eyelashes.</p>

      <p><em>Not that I would make a move, though... </em>Lucy and Sasa would kill me if I put my hands on a little girl within days of arriving in the past.</p>

      <p>“Go to sleep, Momo,” I told her. “I’ll detect any monsters with my <em>Sense Danger</em> skill.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay...”</p>

      <p>She slumped slightly when she realized that I wouldn’t be touching her tonight either. Eventually, she drifted off to sleep.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>One day, an unfamiliar boy wandered by while we were fishing and struck up a conversation. Momo hid right away.</p>

      <p>“Hey, mister, getting anything?” he asked casually.</p>

      <p>“Just nibbles,” I replied. I was a bit wary of this newcomer, but he didn’t seem particularly hostile.</p>

      <p>“Looks like more than that from where I’m standing. I’m jealous.” He gave a small pout. “Oh, I heard something kinda disturbing just recently. Did you hear?”</p>

      <p>“Nope. What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Hm? Well...I <em>could</em> say.” His eyes darted longingly to the fish we were cooking. I passed one over.</p>

      <p>“Heh, thanks. Well, they’re apparently going to execute some heroes. Sir Setekh caught them, and apparently, they were here to take down Lord Bifrons. The heroes didn’t even make it to him, though, so it’s not like their attempt went anywhere. Still, the demons are going to execute them in public. To make a statement, y’know? Show that not even heroes can help us.” With that information given, the boy stood, brushed himself off, and made to leave. “You take care now.”</p>

      <p>He was soon out of sight, and I reeled from the impact of his words.</p>

      <p><em>An execution of heroes? What if Abel’s one of them? If he dies, then I’ll definitely fail Althena’s mission!</em></p>

      <p><em>What the hell happened while I was out here taking it easy?!</em></p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>