<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 10</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue: Rumors of the Demon Lord’s Country</h1>

      <p>“This is Demon Lord Bifrons’s human farm.”</p>

      <p>“H-Human farm?” My tongue tripped over the words as I instinctively repeated them.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Many of Lord Bifrons’s subordinates eat humans, so they keep us here, with high walls all around so we can’t get out. Humans don’t live long on the farm. Demons and monsters eat us while we’re young...”</p>

      <p>I had no words. Though I’d heard that humans were treated like cattle during this era, seeing it in action was unbelievable. <em>So this is the actual human farm, huh? The situation seems pretty damn hopeless.</em></p>

      <p>“A-Are there any human towns?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Huh? N-No... I’ve heard of some outside the walls, but I was born here, so I’ve never been to one.”</p>

      <p><em>Seriously? Born on a farm? This is crazy.</em></p>

      <p>As I reeled from the culture shock, the girl moved closer to me. “U-Um! My name is Momo!” she blurted out excitedly. “Would you tell me your name?”</p>

      <p>“Uh...”</p>

      <p>I took a moment to think about how to answer. <em>Can I use my real name? I’m not originally from this time. Hang on—I remember Althena giving me the green light. I don’t need to worry about the little things or fret over accidentally altering the present.</em></p>

      <p>“I’m Makoto,” I said, leaving out my family name. <em>That should be enough.</em></p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto...”</p>

      <p>Momo leaned even closer. She looked frail, like a stiff breeze might blow her away. “Thank you for saving me from that danger. I have nothing to repay you with, so all I can offer...is my body. Do with it as you will.” She latched on to me with teary eyes, looking for all the world like an abandoned puppy.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, what?! What did she just say?!</em></p>

      <p>“I might still be small...and inexperienced. You would be my first. But if you’re willing...could I receive your protection in exchange for my service?”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait right there!” It went without saying that I definitely hadn’t saved her for <em>that</em> reason. She was just the first human I’d met since arriving in the past. This was a bad situation. <em>Time to change the subject.</em> “Uh...where are your parents?”</p>

      <p>“My dad...died three years ago.”</p>

      <p>“O-Ooh...”</p>

      <p>“And my mom died three days ago.”</p>

      <p>There was nothing I could say to that.</p>

      <p>“I don’t have anyone I can rely upon,” she admitted. “You saved me, despite being a complete stranger. My mom’s last words... Well, she said she wished for me to <em>live</em>. This shameful display is all I have to offer—it’s the only thing I can do to try and fulfill her wish. So, would you be willing to save a wretch like me...?”</p>

      <p>Her desperation seemed to crush something in my chest. She looked ten years old at most, but she was talking like <em>this</em>. I’d rescued her without really thinking about reciprocity, but her behavior showed that this type of deal was actually the norm in this world.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll need to take responsibility for saving her.</em></p>

      <p>“Momo.” I placed my hands on her shoulders, pushing her away slightly.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?!”</p>

      <p>“I mentioned it earlier, but I’m looking for someone. He’s called Hero Abel. Have you heard of him?”</p>

      <p>She paused to think. “No, I haven’t. I don’t know much about the outside world. Sorry, I’m not able to be more helpful.” Her expression darkened, then grew darker still. She must have assumed I was going to turn her away because she wasn’t useful.</p>

      <p>“Would you help me look?” I asked. “I only just arrived here from a country that’s really far away, so I don’t know the area. Could you guide me, maybe?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Her mouth hung open, as if she couldn’t understand what I’d said. “U-Um... What exactly...do you...?”</p>

      <p>“If you show me around, I’ll protect you. How about that?”</p>

      <p>She floundered for a minute, then suddenly grabbed onto me again, a huge smile on her face. “Sure! Happily! It’s good to meet you!”</p>

      <p>That was how I made my first acquaintance in this time period.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>