<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Running Up the Score</h1>

      <p><em>Ahh...</em></p>

      <p><em>Ahh, I’m thirsty...</em></p>

      <p>My head was fuzzy. It felt like I was trapped in a dream.</p>

      <p>The sensation inside the dream was odd. It felt like my body always took a beat to do what I wanted, and my eyes couldn’t focus. Slowly, I slipped away from the dark abyss of slumber because I knew I had to snap back to my senses.</p>

      <p>What greeted my eyes was a wooden ceiling. It was dark, though. And due to that darkness, I couldn’t be sure it was, in fact, made of wood.</p>

      <p>I looked for a light. I couldn’t get up; in order to check my surroundings, I could only move my head. First, I confirmed that I was lying on a bed. Next to the bed lay a table with a candle and a pitcher. The candle appeared to be the room’s sole light source.</p>

      <p>An unfamiliar man was sitting in a chair next to the table. A brawny fellow with countless scars on his face, he looked around forty years old. From his attire, I could tell he was a man of relatively high social standing.</p>

      <p>“So you’re awake, Siegfried Vizzita? Allow me to introduce myself. I’m Rayle from Epic Seeker, a guild under the Laoravian government. Due to your sheer strength, I’ve been tasked with attending to you at all times.”</p>

      <p>If I recalled correctly, Laoravia was the Dungeon Alliance nation to the southwest. But I’d never heard of either Rayle or Epic Seeker. I had no idea why a complete stranger from a country I had nothing to do with was in front of me.</p>

      <p>“You’ve attracted a lot of speculation. Some of it good, some of it bad. Lots of different thoughts. As such, you’re in chains.”</p>

      <p>In chains? Panicking, I tried to move, but my body wouldn’t oblige. Weights or the like were attached to my hands and feet.</p>

      <p>Little by little, I came to grasp my situation. The more I examined my surroundings, the more I realized this was no time to be so befuddled. My right hand was being drained of blood from a cut on my fingertip. Something like incense was burning in the corner, filling the room with smoke. It didn’t have a strong odor, but one got the feeling it wasn’t okay to breathe in.</p>

      <p>My physical condition was clearly out of whack. Not only was my head fuzzy, but my body was also acting up. I repeatedly tried to muster all my might to get up, but my body refused.</p>

      <p>“I don’t blame you for being confused, but calm down,” said Rayle after seeing me stir. He picked up the pitcher. “First things first: drink some water. I’ve got some ready for you.”</p>

      <p>“I... I don’t need it,” I said hoarsely. There was no telling what was in that water.</p>

      <p>“I see. Well, if you can talk, that’s fine by me.”</p>

      <p>He put the pitcher back. Given he wasn’t insisting, he may have genuinely offered the water out of the goodness of his heart. I strove to keep a cool head, then recalled my own abilities. I’d up and forgotten my most basic kit. I could of course verify that the water hadn’t been tampered with by using my menu-sight. Then I used Analyze on him.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Rayle Thenks </code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 312/322</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/0</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Fighter</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 11.22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 10.19</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 6.79</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 4.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 6.60</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 0</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.09</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Assessment 1.03</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>He hadn’t lied about his name. Also, his menu told me he was one of this world’s big wheels.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Mr. Rayle. Could you please explain the situation to me?” I asked, trying my best to be polite.</p>

      <p>“Hrm...you’re awfully fast to return to your senses,” he said, looking impressed. “Not that I’d expect any less from you. First, I’ll tell you where we are. This is a building in the central area of Laoravia. It’s the Headquarters of Epic Seeker. Since the guild works directly for the government, you can think yourself as being in Laoravia’s hands.”</p>

      <p>Rayle’s explanation helped me understand my predicament, and I started remembering what had happened before I’d lost consciousness too. I’d rescued Lastiara, returned to Vart, killed Alty, and lost to Palinchron.</p>

      <p>But at the moment, there was one thing that trumped them all in importance.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. I now know where I am. Please tell me, is there another kid who’s also tied up?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve heard tell of your comrades. At present, Lastiara Whoseyards, Diablo Sith, and Sera Radiant are on the lam. The girl named Maria is captive at this location.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Rayle had said he’d heard about them secondhand. I didn’t know how much he’d been told. Choosing my words carefully, I asked him about my allies. “Is that girl safe?”</p>

      <p>“She’s not dead. More importantly—”</p>

      <p>The door slammed open.</p>

      <p>“Hiya, Rayle. So, ol’ Kanami’s finally up, huh?”</p>

      <p>A cheery voice resounded through the room. A voice I’d heard before. One I couldn’t possibly mistake.</p>

      <p><em>Palinchron! Palinchron Regacy!</em></p>

      <p>“Palinchron, you must’ve been <em>monitoring</em>... Well, the boy’s awake, but...” Mr. Rayle looked over his shoulder and glared at him with a pained look.</p>

      <p>“Ah, arghh! P-Palinchron! Youuu... YOUUUUU!!!”</p>

      <p>In my bid to get up, I mustered enough strength in my limbs that it could’ve torn them off had I not been inhibited. I also tried to cast <em>Blizzardmension</em> by forcibly raking together my disordered magic energy. But of course, I couldn’t get up and I couldn’t formulate any magic. All the same, I strained my body, intent on beating the man in front of me to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Don’t fly off the handle, laddie. Look, I brought you some tasty food. Have yourself a bite; you need it.” Palinchron emerged smiling from the shadows, showing me the bread he was holding.</p>

      <p>“Fuck you! Fuck you, Palinchron!!!”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t stop my rage from gushing out at his flippant attitude. If it hadn’t been for him, everything would have been resolved. If only he hadn’t betrayed us! If only he hadn’t attacked Dia! If only he hadn’t appeared at the end! If he hadn’t, we would all be laughing it up together in Greeard!</p>

      <p>That was how bitter I was. Bitter that I’d lost to Palinchron. I converted those feelings into magic cold and made it run wild in order to freeze all of my fetters. And in order to attack the man before my eyes, I unfurled my dimensional magic to the maximum extent. The iron shackles and chains trembled. As they clinked, they tried to negate my power, but I gradually grew more and more capable of sending my energy out, and my body was finally able to move, if only a little bit.</p>

      <p>“What?! I put three magic locks and five times the usual restraints on him! There’s no way he could refine any magic energy—or move his body! Wait, hold on! Hold on, both of you!!!”</p>

      <p>Sensing the ripples of magic energy I was emitting, Mr. Rayle sprang to his feet and cut in between us.</p>

      <p>They were in my way. Not just Mr. Rayle, but also the magic locks and the constraints. I wrenched my body to its limit, refined the cold, and set about breaking both the magic locks and my fetters.</p>

      <p>“Rayle, let me handle this. I’ve basically got the hang of my new powers now. Spellcast: <em>Demystifier’s Retuning!</em>”</p>

      <p>Before I could break them, Palinchron’s hand touched my head.</p>

      <p>“Urgh, not again!”</p>

      <p>His energy filled my body, and I could feel my thoughts cooling down rapidly.</p>

      <p>“It’s a simple med-spell. All it does is calm you down. Cool your jets, laddie.”</p>

      <p>I looked at my menu right away.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 9.81, Sedated 0.45</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>He was telling the truth; the spell was a simple sedative. Judging by my condition menu, I’d simply regained some of my composure. It wasn’t deleterious enough for me to resort to “???” Or at least, I hoped so.</p>

      <p>It didn’t mean all my anger was gone. However, if I tried fighting Palinchron in this constrained state, I knew he would take the initiative, giving me no shot of winning. With my newfound presence of mind, I decided I’d better try negotiating instead. Palinchron sensed that that was where I was at and sat in a nearby chair.</p>

      <p>“What do you say we get this started? It’s time for your laugh-a-minute cross-examination.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Rayle heaved a sigh and nervously withdrew to the back. Palinchron took note of that before continuing.</p>

      <p>“Right now, laddie, everyone sees you as a bundle of mysteries. I figured out basically everything about your moves over the past few days through ley lines, so no giving me the runaround, got it? That being said, I didn’t get to learn anything about you beyond the past few days.”</p>

      <p>Then he started addressing me like this was some detective drama.</p>

      <p>“The boy who goes by Siegfried Vizzita suddenly appeared fourteen days ago, emerging from the Dungeon. And that’s the mystery. You suddenly appeared <em>from the Dungeon.</em> As such, all we know about you and your tendencies, we know from these fourteen days. I checked every ley line in all five nations in the Dungeon Alliance, and there was no record of you entering Alliance territory or the Dungeon itself. You well and truly <em>appeared</em> in the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>It was now clear that Palinchron was trying to unveil my true identity and background—which were, if viewed from a different angle, the cards hidden up my sleeve. As I listened, the gears in my head turned cold but fast.</p>

      <p>“The upper reaches of the Alliance suspect Siegfried Vizzita of being the Guardian of Floor 30. The theory goes that somebody reached Floor 30 and, just like with Tida and Alty before you, caused the Guardian to come into existence. They surmised that that new Guardian started strolling into town. They do have two prior precedents, after all. From their perspective, you’d just be example number three.”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m human...” I got the feeling nothing good could come of them treating me like a monster.</p>

      <p>“No use denying it. For the time being, you’re being handled as a potential monster. Those fetters are proof.”</p>

      <p>He pretended to feel for me as he pointed at my fetters, smirking. I didn’t let it get to me; instead, I voiced the excuse I’d calmly come up with.</p>

      <p>“I’m a dimension mage. There’s a dimensional spell called <em>Connection</em>. It allows me to enter the Dungeon without leaving any record of doing so. I’m a hundred percent human.”</p>

      <p>I chose to divulge the existence of <em>Connection</em> after reviewing which aces I didn’t mind revealing and which I should keep hidden. I’d have liked to have kept <em>Connection</em> up my sleeve too, but you can’t make an omelet without breaking some eggs.</p>

      <p>“Doesn’t add up. You only acquired <em>Connection</em> after you met Maria. I corroborated that with the proprietor of that store.”</p>

      <p>“So what? I’m telling you that sort of thing is possible with dimensional magic.”</p>

      <p>“I see. So you used a spell that’s similar to <em>Connection</em> to enter the Dungeon, did you? All right, then, I’ll bite. What’s that spell’s—”</p>

      <p>“I’ve got no obligation to tell you. I’m just telling you that there’re plenty of ways to enter the Dungeon without being recorded.”</p>

      <p>All I needed to do was suggest the possibility. If I made it plausible that I could be human, they couldn’t declare me a monster with certainty. That alone was enough.</p>

      <p>Palinchron shrugged. “Well, guess you’ve got me there.”</p>

      <p>He didn’t seem annoyed. As always, I couldn’t tell what he was after. What were his priorities? They were totally opaque to me. I’d thought he was just some hedonist, but then at times, he’d display some weird hang-up or fixation. Then, if I found myself assuming he was acting in accordance with some logical plan, he’d say it was just for his own jollies. When it came to how difficult it was to negotiate with him, he was top class.</p>

      <p>I decided to ask about Maria for starters. I had to seize upon that, if for no other reason than as a lead-in for negotiations.</p>

      <p>“Palinchron...how’s Maria?”</p>

      <p>“She’s under restraint,” he said.</p>

      <p>I’d already expected him to say that. “Let me see her...” I requested as calmly as possible.</p>

      <p>Palinchron’s expression changed. He looked earnest but also somewhat amused.</p>

      <p>“No can do. You’re both our precious, precious guinea pigs. There’s zero reason to let you two meet.”</p>

      <p>“G-Guinea pigs?”</p>

      <p>Upon hearing that term, I broke into a cold sweat and grimaced. It was the phrase I had most feared back when I’d first come to this world. When I was Level 1, I’d been so afraid of the possibility of becoming a guinea pig that it had restricted what I could do. To think the term would hit me now that I’d leveled up so much that the danger of it had receded from my mind...</p>

      <p>“Yep. She’s the first entity in human history to fuse with a Guardian. Isn’t it obvious she’d get the guinea pig treatment?”</p>

      <p>My heart lurched, cracks forming on it and blood spilling from them. It hurt so bad it made me want to shriek.</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on! Wait a second, Palinchron!” I shouted, worried and afraid.</p>

      <p>That, I couldn’t accept. I was fine with reaping what I’d sown, but Maria was blameless. She’d done nothing to deserve this. It was all my fault. The onus lay on me for saving her and then abdicating my responsibility to her. As things stood, I’d already forced misfortune on her by taking her in. And now I was, however inadvertently, visiting yet more disaster upon her.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“Maria’s just a kid! A frail, weak little girl! She hasn’t done anything wrong! Please let her be! She doesn’t deserve to suffer any more than she already has!”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha! A frail, weak little girl? You do realize that thanks to you, laddie, she’s become a monster that not even whole bands of divers could hope to beat? That’s right. Absolutely all of this is thanks to you.”</p>

      <p>“Right, it’s my fault! It was all me! So I’m begging you, let her be! I don’t mind if I become your guinea pig! I was lying; I’m NOT just an ordinary human! I’ll tell you! I’ll tell you everything—so please, just spare her!” I screamed, jettisoning all pride. I didn’t have a leg to stand on. Any thought of negotiation disappeared from my mind. All that was left in my brain was the fact that my promise to make Maria happy was funneling down the drain.</p>

      <p>“You’re not an ordinary human? Yeah, we kind of know that already. And now you’re saying you’ll become the guinea pig in her stead? Don’t be a moron. You’re both guinea pigs. Why would we refrain from researching either of you?”</p>

      <p>That reply stomped me into the bowels of hell. Sheer horror made me feel as if I was nosediving from the clouds above, high, high in the air. It was then that I realized I’d only <em>thought</em> I’d regained my composure.</p>

      <p>The moment I had lost to Palinchron, everything had been decided. Maria and I had fallen into his clutches, and now we had no freedom. Nor was there any room for negotiation.</p>

      <p>“Ah, ahhhh, aughhh...” I moaned, the remorse overwhelming.</p>

      <p>At this rate, Maria was going to become a lab rat. And it was all my fault. This had all started when I’d saved Maria from slavery for my own ends. I’d foolishly offered her my hand, and now she was about to succumb to a fate worse than dying as a slave. I didn’t know much, but one thing I did know was that being a research subject meant she’d have even less dignity than a slave. And who was the one who’d put her in that position? Me. If it hadn’t been for me, nothing like this would have befallen her.</p>

      <p>I made everybody around me miserable. If Maria had never touched the Dungeon, Alty wouldn’t have set her sights on her. If Alty hadn’t set her sights on her, then Maria wouldn’t have been taken captive alongside me.</p>

      <p>Upon further reflection, Dia was much the same. If he’d never met me, he would never have lost that arm. I’d taken them both into the Dungeon, and they’d both suffered for it.</p>

      <p>It was agonizing. I was plenty scared enough for myself. To have dragged other people into this only made that fear so many times worse.</p>

      <p><em>It’s no use. At this rate, I won’t be able to endure it. “???” is gonna trigger on me. I need to look on the bright side. Remember the good things that happened. It’s not over just yet. It’s too soon to despair. I’ve got comrades. Allies. I’ve still got Lastiara. I can proudly say I managed to save her, if no one else. I can say with certainty that I did </em>some<em> good in this world. She’s safe and sound now. And given both her strength and her personality, once she’s back in fighting form and learns of our predicament, she’ll come to rescue us. I know it.</em></p>

      <p><em>It’s not over!</em></p>

      <p>I quit my moaning, took some deep breaths, and consolidated the information I needed to surmount this situation.</p>

      <p>“Hm, not quite there, huh? So you’ve still got some hope left—milady and the rest,” muttered Palinchron expressionlessly, before prodding me with his next words. “Question is, are they coming to your rescue? Neither milady nor the Apostle are gonna recover that quickly, you know.”</p>

      <p>I understood right away that he was trying to crush my hopes, so I replied, undaunted, “There’s also Mr. Hine...and Ms. Radiant.”</p>

      <p>“Nope, Hine’s dead.”</p>

      <p>...</p>

      <p>“He... He’s dead?”</p>

      <p>But Palinchron left it at that, shifting right to the next thing. “Sera can’t be free to move either. She has milady and the Apostle to guard, after all. Having lost their strongest pawn in Hine, they’ve got no means of rescuing you two,” he said casually.</p>

      <p>But none of the rest of what he said entered my brain. “Wait, hold on. Mr. Hine’s dead?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. That idiot cashed in his life to let the other three escape. And then he ate it,” Palinchron replied curtly.</p>

      <p>I could feel any semblance of composure crumbling. My heart was pounding, and the sweat felt nasty on my skin. I had no reason to believe him. Take my sworn enemy at his word? What kind of nonsense would that be? But my shallow, rapid breathing belied my logic.</p>

      <p>“Ha, ha ha, oh really? Him of all people, dead? You want me to believe that?”</p>

      <p>By implying that Mr. Hine was too strong to die, I was trying to brush Palinchron’s words aside. This was the Celestial Knight who was in contention for the mightiest of them all. I wanted to believe there was no way he could fall.</p>

      <p>“He’s dead, all right. He was already at his limit when he arrived at the cathedral. That’s all there is to it.”</p>

      <p>The only time my adversary wasn’t smiling was when he was speaking of Hine’s death.</p>

      <p>“You lie. How could I believe such—”</p>

      <p>“Hine’s dead, and Pheydelt’s plot is still trucking. That’s the hole they’re in now. They’re on the run. Isn’t it unfair of you to want <em>them</em> to come save <em>you</em>?”</p>

      <p>There he was, pointing out how unlikely our rescue was. And he made sure to add that it wasn’t the only piece of bad news.</p>

      <p>“If anything, you’re the one who should be swooping in to save <em>them</em>. As the big righteous hero who whisked the princess out of Whoseyards, it’s your responsibility to go bail them out. Otherwise, they’ll fall into Pheydelt’s and his cronies’ hands sooner or later.”</p>

      <p>He was right. It wasn’t as though Lastiara and her group were now in the clear just because I’d taken them out of the cathedral. In fact, now that they were on the lam, their troubles were only beginning. If things had gone according to plan, I could have made our life on the run an easy one by making use of <em>Connection</em>. But I wasn’t at their side.</p>

      <p>However overpowered Lastiara and Dia were in their own right, I didn’t know if they had any means of handling the waves of people the government would constantly send their way over a long stretch of time. For all I knew, Whoseyards might capture Lastiara and Dia the very next day.</p>

      <p>“Can those three bunglers who’re so ignorant about the world really give their Whoseyards pursuers the slip forever? Not a single one of them seems the cunning type.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron smiled maliciously and got to his feet. Then, as he spoke, he slowly walked to the dark side of the room.</p>

      <p>“I’d love to join the hunt for the jewelculus and the Apostle myself, but now that the hero of legend and the half-Guardian are in our lap, I’ll try not to be too greedy. We’ve got enough material to experiment with.”</p>

      <p>I heard a fleshy squishing sound. It gave me the willies.</p>

      <p>Palinchron picked up an object in a corner of the room and leisurely brought it back over to me. I couldn’t make it out in the darkness. I could tell the object was round, but nothing else. He took a seat again.</p>

      <p>“First things first, why don’t I get some use out of Hine’s body?”</p>

      <p>He used the candle to cast light on the round object. It was a human head. The cranium of a good-looking blond man who was sleeping with a peaceful expression. There was no mistaking him—this was the head of Hine Hellvilleshine.</p>

      <p>“Ah, arghh, aughh!”</p>

      <p>Hair of bright gold hung over his eyes, and his cheeks were covered with a number of scratches. Red blood was dripping from his mouth...and there was nothing below his neck.</p>

      <p>The head was that of a fairy tale-handsome prince. And it was the head of a dead man. A head so mercilessly, ruthlessly devoid of life.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha. By using the <em>materials</em> we’ve got here, creating a being to surpass Lastiara Whoseyards is no pipe dream. I’ve got no reason to concern myself with milady or the Apostle!”</p>

      <p>Palinchron had just referred to Mr. Hine’s head as a “material.” And I was sure that was exactly what Maria and I were to him too. I grimaced when it fully dawned on me in what way he’d be using his guinea pigs. I didn’t need a mirror to be able to tell. My face was no doubt so contorted with terror and grief that it was piteous to behold.</p>

      <p>My pool of knowledge was broad but shallow; pointlessly, my imagination went to work. The severed head before my eyes conjured up images of dissection and disassembly. Textbook photos of a frog being cut open, which I had seen when I was younger, bubbled up into mind. I imagined myself in the frog’s place, and a small shriek rose from the back of my throat.</p>

      <p><em>Am I gonna die too? Am I gonna die just like Mr. Hine? </em></p>

      <p><em>Am I gonna die in a world separated from my sister? Am I gonna die a dog’s death, without a shred of human dignity?</em></p>

      <p><em>And am I gonna end up dragging the girl who looks just like Hitaki, the girl I swore I’d make happy, down with me?</em></p>

      <p><em>Am I gonna leave behind Lastiara, Dia, and everybody I tried to protect, dying with my goals unfulfilled?</em></p>

      <p><em>Am I gonna </em>die?</p>

      <p>The human head thrust under my nose tolled as a death knell in my skull.</p>

      <p><em>This is the end. The end. In other words, I’m gonna die.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m gonna die.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m gonna </em>die.</p>

      <p><em>I’m gonna </em>DIE.</p>

      <p><em>I’m </em>DEA—<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【THE FOLLOWING SKILL HAS BEEN ACTIVATED: ???】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>My desire not to die tripped “???” And I didn’t have the strength to fight it. It ran away from me.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 10.82, Sedated 0.12</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>My Confusion had hit the double digits—the threshold that my gut had told me to avoid. And a notification I’d never seen before displayed in my field of view:<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【THE FOLLOWING SKILL HAS BEEN ACTIVATED: ???】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Your Confusion has reached 10.00, surpassing ???’s limit.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Commencing </code><code><b>Repayment</b></code><code>. The Confusion that you accumulated will be converted to your original emotions.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It was all getting “paid back.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? Ah, aughh, aghhh...”</p>

      <p><em>Repayment? </em>I couldn’t understand what that meant at first. I was forced to experience it personally before I comprehended it on an intellectual level.</p>

      <p>Then, everything broke down. My thoughts, a violent torrent. A panoply of negative emotions whirled tempestuously. Feelings I had felt in the past came roaring back, exactly as I’d felt them then.</p>

      <p>The despair of being used as bait for a savage beast hit me like a ton of bricks. The apocalyptic isolation of being alone in this world enveloped me. The anxiety that I might lose my beloved sister surged within me. The humiliation of being toyed with by nefarious means suffused my mind. The stress of the time I had been wrapped up in an outrageous atrocity gnawed at my soul. The icky sensation of one’s own world being forcibly painted over engulfed me. The fear of death roused by facing an entity of tremendous might jammed ice into my spine. Instances of mind pollution caused by mental magic recurred. And my previously buried infatuation for Lastiara was unearthed.</p>

      <p>A mass of emotions colossal enough to beckon death was returned to me all at once.</p>

      <p>“Ah, ahhh, AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!”</p>

      <p>A mere “repayment” this was not. It came with <em>interest</em>. The emotions all intertwined, magnifying one another. This wasn’t simple addition. This was multiplication. And the exponentially swollen tumor of horrible feelings filled my heart to bursting.</p>

      <p>My spirit rewound all the way back to that first day I had stumbled through the Dungeon, to the moment I was almost eaten by a wolf after being left to rot by fellow human beings. And now all of the negative emotions I’d experienced from that point up until today hammered into that weaker spirit. The storm of my psyche raged far beyond any single person’s maximum tolerance.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, pal. What’s gotten into you all of a sudd—”</p>

      <p>“AAAAAGHHHH!!! Make it stop! I can’t take it! I hate it, I hate it, I hate it! Why?! Tell me! Why’s it gotta be this way?! What about me isn’t good enough?! Why did this happen?! WHYYYYY?!!!”</p>

      <p>Palinchron was saying something. It sounded faint and distant to my ears. I didn’t have the composure to process any of it.</p>

      <p><em>I... I can’t breathe...</em></p>

      <p>I was gulping down so much air, but it didn’t fill my lungs one micron. It was unrelenting. My diaphragm spasmed. More air escaped me with each convulsion. Lacking oxygen, I panicked and tried to draw breath again, which only made my diaphragm spasm even more. Before long, it went beyond convulsions into outright pain. My whole body writhed in agony.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Whoa there, laddie, you telling me Hine’s corpse is that upsetting to you?! Or is it death itself that’s so taboo?!”</p>

      <p>His voice felt distant. Worlds away, even. All that time, a worrying amount of sweat cascaded from me, robbing heat from my body, which hadn’t been feeling hot to begin with.</p>

      <p>And indeed, my body wasn’t flushed with heat. That much was certain. But for some reason, my brain felt it, and I couldn’t stop sweating. Perhaps my brain misinterpreted the burning murk of my negative emotions as heat. It was like being made to drink boiling oil while taking a shower of skin-peeling ice water.</p>

      <p>It was unbearable. It was intolerable. I wanted to faint right that second, but the pain wouldn’t allow me to. I knew that exerting myself would hurt, but I couldn’t endure my body falling to pieces, and I ended up tensing up anyway—I gritted my teeth and twisted my neck as far as it would go. My eyes were literally, not figuratively, threatening to pop out.</p>

      <p>The anguish. The agony. The PAIN.</p>

      <p>It was so bad, I could die! <em>It’s so bad I’m seriously gonna die!</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, shit! Palinchron! I thought you said you were going to take your time whittling the boy down! I thought he was irreplaceable! At this rate, his heart’s gonna split in two!”</p>

      <p>“I KNOW, okay?! Just shut up for a second, Rayle! Tch! Never would have thought I’d end up having to use Tida’s mental magic to <em>heal</em>!”</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, aughh, can people... Can people really come this close to death just from their mental state?</em></p>

      <p>Time after time in media like dramas and comics, I’d seen characters fall into shock. It looked quite physically harrowing, but I’d thought it was pure fiction. I’d figured mere matters of the heart could never cause me <em>this </em>much pain.</p>

      <p>Well, I was wrong. I’d only thought that way because I was immature. I didn’t know until I experienced it myself.</p>

      <p>It was no exaggeration. It felt like I might stop breathing altogether at any moment. I felt like my heart might break. My consciousness ebbed due to the knives the pain had stuck into me. It hurt so horrifically that it made me want to scratch out my throat. If my carotid artery was severed in the process, so be it. If death would release me from this torment, then as things stood, my hands were ready and willing to reach for my neck.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, of course. Death. I’ll just die. That’s right. If I die, the pain will end. I can rest again. I can rest...</em></p>

      <p>My hand reached for death—<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【THE FOLLOWING SKILL HAS BEEN ACTIVATED: ???】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The hand reaching for my neck froze up.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, huh, wait, what?</em></p>

      <p><em>The pain is too much. Put me out of my misery.</em></p>

      <p><em>I can’t take it anymore. So let me die—</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【THE FOLLOWING SKILL HAS BEEN ACTIVATED: ???】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>No, stop, please, no...</em></p>

      <p><em>You can activate till the cows come home; it won’t do a thing for me. How do you not realize that? </em></p>

      <p><em>Even if “???” triggers ten times over, it can’t erase all of the negative emotions I got from the repayment. With the interest added, there’s more to erase than it ever took from me to begin with!</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【THE FOLLOWING SKILL HAS BEEN ACTIVATED: ???】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【THE FOLLOWING SKILL HAS BEEN ACTIVATED: ???】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【THE FOLLOWING SKILL HAS BEEN ACTIVATED: ???】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>At this rate, I’ll get slapped with another “Repayment,” and the added interest will only make the negative emotions balloon even more. It’s counter-productive. Do you not even understand that much?</em></p>

      <p><em>Ahh, arghh... Aughhhh! In other words...</em></p>

      <p><em>In other words, “???” is defective.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m gonna get Repayment-ed all over again!</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【THE FOLLOWING SKILL HAS BEEN ACTIVATED: ???】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【THE FOLLOWING SKILL HAS BEEN ACTIVATED: ???】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【THE FOLLOWING SKILL HAS BEEN ACTIVATED: ???】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>It’s no use.</em></p>

      <p><em>If that massive hurricane of negative emotions gets any larger, I won’t be able to bear it.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m toast.</em></p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Deprived Martyr</em>! Spellcast: <em>Demystifier’s Retuning</em>!”</p>

      <p>Palinchron’s voice pushed my “???” skill back into its box. And a small—and I did mean <em>small</em>—light shone dimly on the bottom of the sludgy darkness.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, buddy! There’s still hope! If you die on us, that’s putting <em>us</em> in a bind!”</p>

      <p>The man I loathed the most in all the world was shouting at me not to despair. By spending a vast amount of magic energy, he was crafting a spell to save my crumbling psyche. For the first time, I witnessed Palinchron being less aloof.</p>

      <p>“Don’t despair! It’s not over for you yet! Stay awake so you can listen to what I’ve got to say!”</p>

      <p>His spell tethered my consciousness to the outside world. The frighteningly strong magic energy streamed into my body. But that wasn’t a bad thing; it was washing away the negative emotions that were eating away at me. I got the sense that through the flow of his magic energy, the pain all throughout my body was abating. My anxiety dissipated, my heart returned to normal, and I stopped sweating profusely.</p>

      <p>It gave me the space to start thinking again, albeit only to a small extent.</p>

      <p>“Ah, ahhh...” My mind recovered in the nick of time.</p>

      <p>“Hff... hfff... The Vigesimal Trial is yet to come. Did I give him a bit too much of a scare?”</p>

      <p>I opened my eyes slightly and was greeted by the sight of Palinchron panting hard. He didn’t hide how flustered he was as he wiped the sweat from his brow. Mr. Rayle was likewise perturbed.</p>

      <p>“Palinchron...can we execute the plan with the boy in such a state?”</p>

      <p>A pause. “We’ve got no choice but to adjust things to go softer on him than we’d planned. Unless we give him all the hope he could want, the lad’s mind might just go necrotic on us.”</p>

      <p>I heard the words “execute the plan” and “adjust things,” but I didn’t have the wherewithal to analyze what they were saying. I may have evaded death, but my body wouldn’t budge an inch. It seemed as though it was as utterly worn out as my heart.</p>

      <p>The magic energy that had stabilized my mental state was now rushing every which way in order to tamper with it. This energy wasn’t the kind that had kept me alive. It was more unpleasant than that, and therefore much more Palinchron.</p>

      <p>“Urgh...”</p>

      <p>Even if it spared my life, having my mind tampered with by the guy was hard to accept. I tried fighting it with all my might, but there was no way out of it, and not just because of my restraints. The repeated use of “???” had left both mind and body on the verge of collapse.</p>

      <p>Seeing me trying to muster some strength, Palinchron’s expression turned distressed. “Kanami, ol’ chum, please just take it lying down... If you do, I’ll spare little miss Maria. I promise you she’ll be safe.”</p>

      <p>Though my mind was at death’s door, I talked back to him. “Ah, agh...like...like I can believe you...”</p>

      <p>“I’m no liar. I keep my promises. As I let slip earlier, if you die on us, we’re the ones in a fix, and that’s the honest truth. If you commit suicide by resisting, we’ll be extremely badly off. So I’m telling you that in exchange for you not committing suicide, I’ll spare the little lady.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron was speaking not in his usual mocking tone but earnestly instead. It appeared that my “???” skill running wild like that had changed his line of thinking more than I’d anticipated.</p>

      <p>“You expect me to believe that?” I replied. “But I...”</p>

      <p>He could change his attitude all he wanted—there was no way I’d take him at his word. Yet given my current predicament, I was forced to accede to his sweet talk.</p>

      <p>“But I haven’t got a choice.”</p>

      <p>I had half a mind to die just to spite him, but now that he’d thrown Maria into the equation, I couldn’t. I had a duty to do whatever was in my power for her. So I used the last of my strength to threaten him.</p>

      <p>“L-Listen to me, Palinchron! If you break your promise, I’m gonna kill you! I swear I’m gonna kill you! No matter what! You’re dead!!!”</p>

      <p>“The fact that’s the extent of what you’d do to me just proves what a kind soul you are,” he said with a nonchalant expression. “For real, though...”</p>

      <p>If anything, he seemed relieved to hear my threats. Then, having lost the last of my strength, I became unable to even keep my eyes open.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry your head so much over her. I made a promise to little miss Alty as well... Granted, she won’t be saved in the way you might prefer.”</p>

      <p>My consciousness was fading. I knew that in all likelihood, Palinchron’s mental magic would be invading me down to my very flesh and blood. I’d be affected the same way Lastiara and Mr. Hine had been.</p>

      <p>“You’re gonna tinker with my heart, right?” I asked quietly as it all grew hazy.</p>

      <p>“You don’t gotta lose sleep over it. I ain’t gonna touch the core of Aikawa Kanami. It’s too precious to me. I’m just gonna nudge you in a bit of a different direction and have you thinking some stuff that’s not strictly true.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, spare me. “Not strictly true” my ass. It’s because of little misunderstandings that everybody and their mom had to get hurt...</em></p>

      <p>“Am I gonna end up like Mr. Hine?”</p>

      <p>“No, your case is a mite different from his. If I had to compare it, it’ll be more in the realm of what I did to Alty or Maria. Only stronger, as I’ll be doing it with the power of the Thief of Darkness’s Essence added on top.”</p>

      <p>“Why you—”</p>

      <p>I could’ve never imagined he would lay out so many of his misdeeds right then and there. He’d even put his filthy mitts on Alty! I was shocked and incensed. But I didn’t have the strength to fight.</p>

      <p>Palinchron’s magic energy, and his energy alone, expanded and flowed into me. “Right then, let’s get started. First up is your skills. They’re too pesky and they’ve got to go.”</p>

      <p>The energy permeated my body, and my free will flaked to pieces. Without the permission of the supposed owner of my body, Palinchron’s tentacles of malice clutched my very soul. That power had merged with the power of the Thief of Darkness’s Essence, which made it even stronger than the spells Tida had once cast on me.</p>

      <p>It felt like it took forever and only a second at the same time. And then I saw the text on the back of my eyelids.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【??? HAS BEEN SEALED AWAY】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【??? HAS BEEN SEALED AWAY】</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I’d wanted to hold fast to consciousness for as long as possible, but now I was at my limit. I could hear a voice, but I couldn’t tell if it was near or far.</p>

      <p>“Phew... guess I managed to do something about those dodgy unique skills of his, huh? I figure he really must’ve been despairing, since my magic coursed through him nice and smooth. Gotta say, though, the price I had to pay still smarts.”</p>

      <p>The notifications, his voice, they reached my brain, but I was in no state to process what they meant. I was so sleepy, as if I hadn’t slept in days and days...</p>

      <p>“Now then, all that’s left is...”</p>

      <p>My consciousness fell to the bottom of the sandlands of slumber and was sinking deeper still. Resistance was beyond me. All I could do was check my menu one last time as I sank.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Confusion: 7.29</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Memory Alteration: 2.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Mind Taint: 2.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Recognition Inhibitor: 2.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Sealed: 4.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Overdoing it much?</em></p>

      <p>Looking at my Condition menu, I was aghast at the pains Palinchron had taken to cage me in.</p>

      <p>And with that as my last conscious thought, I relinquished the waking world.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>And that was how my fight in this alien world came to an end. My struggle lasted two weeks. I’d managed to get up to Floor 24 of the Dungeon. On the fourteenth day, the Day of the Blessed Birth, I’d lost to the Thief of Darkness’s Essence, my body taken captive by Palinchron Regacy.</p>

      <p>In the end, I had used “???” more than ten times, and all the negative emotions it had erased came back with a vengeance. My ally Maria was captured as well, and Lastiara’s and Dia’s fates remained unspecified.</p>

      <p>This was how all the proverbial debt I’d accrued had been squared. This was the result of a mere high schooler like me getting lost in another world and fighting his hardest.</p>

      <p>I snorted at how pathetic my other world report card was as I fell farther and farther down into darkness.</p>

      <p><em>Augh...what could I have done better, I wonder?</em></p>

      <p>I wasn’t asking anyone in particular. I wasn’t expecting a response. I was just talking to myself.</p>

      <p>And yet, I could have sworn I heard a voice reply back from amid the black void:</p>

      <p>“____, _____. ______!”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t tell whose voice it was. But it felt familiar somehow.</p>

      <p>I got the feeling this voice was very important to me...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>I didn’t know what time it was anymore. Nor did I know where I was.</p>

      <p>Within that cavity of total darkness, I looked inward.</p>

      <p><em>Boy, did I mess up.</em></p>

      <p><em>Where exactly did I go wrong?</em></p>

      <p><em>I don’t think there were any issues in the battle department. And there shouldn’t have been any issues with my Dungeon diving either.</em></p>

      <p>...</p>

      <p><em>I know where I went wrong...</em></p>

      <p><em>It was my rapport with other people.</em></p>

      <p>I never opened up to anyone. While I did try to use them to my own ends, I never asked for their help. And that’s because I never felt the need to crawl out of my shell and become vulnerable.</p>

      <p>But thanks to that policy, I’d lost my inner calm so many times. I’d gotten it into my head that I was the strongest thing around just because I could see the numbers in people’s menus, and that had steered me wrong. I’d thought I was the only one who could do anything. It never occurred to me to rely on anybody else for anything. I looked down on Maria, naturally, but I also looked down on even Dia and Lastiara as “weaker than me.” I saved them, I helped them, but I never thought I would need saving <em>by</em> them.</p>

      <p><em>And now, I understand.</em></p>

      <p>I should have consulted with someone. I should have been okay with crying on their shoulder. I should have been more real about how I was feeling. The ideal expression of that, I guess, was Mr. Krowe or the manager of the pub. If I’d just confided in an adult who had their head on their shoulders, things would surely have concluded differently. But I only ever truly interacted with other young people brimming with talent and ability, and I took on more than I could chew, which was another underlying cause.</p>

      <p>I got the sense that the more talented somebody was, the more they suffered from some emotional defect. I should have looked for somebody more reliable and dependable, even if their abilities were average.</p>

      <p>Instead, I’d spent my days never opening up to my comrades, and as a result, I’d let all the debt incurred aggregate to a critical mass on the Day of the Blessed Birth. The moment I started running at a deficit, I could only have saved either Lastiara or Maria on that day. Put simply, I was already in checkmate by that point. I tried to go beyond my limits saving the second of the girls who needed saving, and Palinchron pounced on the opening that that provided.</p>

      <p><em>End of the line. I lose.</em></p>

      <p>............</p>

      <p>........................</p>

      <p>....................................</p>

      <p><em>But if I’m ever back...</em></p>

      <p><em>If I get another chance, I won’t make that mistake again. Not on your life.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’ll open up my heart, believe in people, and tell the truth.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’ll live my life as Aikawa Kanami.</em></p>

      <p><em>I won’t hide behind a pretend name like Siegfried Vizzita.</em></p>

      <p><em>I swear it.</em></p>

      <p><em>Next time, I won’t walk the wrong path! No way, no how!</em></p>

      <p><em>Never again! Mark my words!</em></p>

      <p><em>Mark my words...</em></p>

      <p>But my vow faded into the darkness. And if I did get a second chance, it wasn’t as though I’d remember I made it. Yet all the same, I swore it to myself. I couldn’t bear it otherwise. For the sake of the sister who was waiting for me, the sake of the allies I’d failed to save, and my own sake, I continued swearing oaths to myself in the black abyss.</p>

      <p>And so long as I had that vow, the story would not come to an end. The wheel of fate was still turning.</p>

      <p>Until I could realize my desire, the sound of that ever-rolling wheel wouldn’t cease. And of course it wouldn’t. I had yet to reach the deepest level. I had yet to reach the truth.</p>

      <p>Why did the Dungeon exist? What were the mechanisms underpinning this world? What was the source of my power? What were the memories of the distant past? I didn’t know a single one of those answers. And as such, the story must continue.</p>

      <p>Siegfried Vizzita was going to start over as Aikawa Kanami. The setting was changing to Laoravia, and I was going to forget about my own dearest wish, imprisoned in the cage of this trial. Thus would the story press forward.</p>

      <p>My Dungeon diving wasn’t over just yet.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>