<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: And Then the Hero Reached Floor 10 at Last. The Monster Has Been Waiting for You All This Time.</h1>

      <p><em>It’s burning.</em></p>

      <p>It crackled as it burned, like a campfire. The house that we used to live in.</p>

      <p>Crowds were beginning to surround the home in twos and threes. I had to take Maria and get out of there, and fast. I had no attachment to the house. I just knew I needed to act swiftly.</p>

      <p>But even though that was all I needed to do...the girls standing before me made me hesitate. Maria was staring at us with blank eyes, while Ms. Alty floated right behind her, half of her body having turned to flame. From the looks of them, I couldn’t approach either one lightly. Then again, just standing there wouldn’t solve a thing. I took a step forward.</p>

      <p>“I’m back, Maria... Let’s go. For the time being, let’s just get out of here...”</p>

      <p>It was a race against time, after all. But her stare remained vacant, and she murmured under her breath, “With this, he’s mine... He’s mine forever... All that’s left is to take Master and...”</p>

      <p>Clearly, she didn’t absorb what I’d said. She stared at us intensely as she muttered and was about to take a step forward when Alty stopped her, whispering something or other to her. Then Maria grew placid and cast her eyes down.</p>

      <p>I concluded that Alty was the problem and shifted my focus from Maria to her.</p>

      <p>“Welcome, Sieg the adventurer,” she replied with a smile. “Starting now, this place—yes, this very space—<em>is</em> the tenth floor. The floor of Alty, Thief of Fire’s Essence. Forgive the hasty construction and my being on a work trip, so to speak, but I don’t mind if you think of this hilltop as the tenth floor. Now then, while it’s a little belated, I think it’s time I had you take on the Decimal Trial.”</p>

      <p>She bowed in an exaggerated fashion as she spoke, which reminded me of another Guardian. It was the same smile, the same attitude, as that intransigent and self-centered Tida.</p>

      <p>“Alty. Were you...were you the one who did it?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. I incited Maria, pulled her in, and had her create conditions that are advantageous for me.”</p>

      <p>The moment she said that, I was assailed by the sensation of the world flipping upside down. Deep down, part of me had begun to <em>trust</em> the entity known as Alty. That was why I was more shocked than I might’ve anticipated by her betrayal.</p>

      <p>I shouted as I drew the treasured sword Dia gave me from my inventory. “You can’t be serious! Why, Alty?! You’re a monster, sure, but still! We were able to talk things out! I thought we’d come to an understanding! Are you saying you’re just another Tida?!”</p>

      <p>Alty drew closer as I yelled. “Yep, I’m the same as Tida. But can you afford to approach me so recklessly, I wonder?” she asked, pointing behind me.</p>

      <p>I looked in the direction she had indicated, but I was no fool. Taking my eyes off the enemy was out of the question. Thanks to the special qualities of my magic, checking my back was a free action. And the ghastly spectacle occurring behind me made my breath catch.</p>

      <p>“Apostle Sith. You’re a bit of a third wheel!” said Palinchron as he slashed Dia along his torso from above.</p>

      <p>Dia’s blood sprayed out, and Lastiara’s and Ms. Radiant’s clothes were instantly dyed red. My best guess was that he tried to fire a spell upon seeing Alty bare her proverbial fangs, and Palinchron had cut him down while he was defenseless. He’d been standing in the wrong spot, and worse yet, he’d been in poor company. Among us, only Dia didn’t know Palinchron. He didn’t know Palinchron’s chaos-loving disposition and hadn’t been on guard around him. Hence, this outcome.</p>

      <p>Palinchron tried to reap Dia’s head on the backswing, but Mr. Hine was close enough to block him with his own blade. Ms. Radiant realized that the situation had been turned on its head and instantly leaped away, Dia and Lastiara on her back.</p>

      <p>I was relieved that the worst-case scenario had been averted. However, since Mr. Hine had been forced to wedge himself into the fight without assuming a proper stance first, the force of the blow made him lose his balance. Palinchron mercilessly took the opportunity to slash him across the abdomen.</p>

      <p>It was only then that I reached them, taking up position between Palinchron and Mr. Hine as I assumed my battle stance.</p>

      <p>“Palinchron! You bastard!”</p>

      <p>He chuckled. “Heh heh, I’m not your opponent, laddie. Didn’t you hear? You’re gonna be taking that Guardian’s test starting now. I’ll be having a spot of fun with milady and the others.”</p>

      <p>“You’re with <em>me</em>, Sieg. <em>Flame Arrow</em>.”</p>

      <p>Alty shot an arrow of fire my way. I wrenched my body aside, glanced over, and found her and Maria staring fixedly at me, madness filling them to the bones.</p>

      <p>“Urgh!”</p>

      <p>Quickly and calmly, I analyzed the situation. My obvious enemies were Alty and Palinchron. Chances were high that Maria had been manipulated into opposing me as well. My team numbered five in total, but most of them were extremely fatigued or gravely injured.</p>

      <p>Dia was bleeding profusely, and his consciousness was beginning to ebb. Lastiara was mustering her remaining strength and casting a healing spell, but the magic light was feeble and the results were none too good. She had precious little MP left due to the effects of the ritual and was in terrible condition, unable to adequately move.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine was also unable to keep on fighting. He was, without a doubt, the one who had already fought the most that day. Although the laceration that Palinchron had given him seemed shallow, his overtaxed body was reaching its limit. Ms. Radiant was the only one who wasn’t grievously injured. The cuts I’d given her had since been fully healed. If I lent her a sword from my inventory, she would aid me in battle. But then that would expose the two defenseless people on her back to attack.</p>

      <p>Analysis over. I shouted to the rafters, “Ms. Radiant, take those two out of here and run! Lastiara, take care of Dia! Mr. Hine, follow them and protect them! I’ll be fine by myself; just leave it to me!”</p>

      <p>If the unthinkable were to happen to Dia and Lastiara here, everything would be ruined. My priority was to get those two far, far away from this havoc.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” shouted Lastiara as she continued to heal Dia. “Sieg, let me fight too— Guh!”</p>

      <p>She held her head and staggered. Clearly, she was in no state to fight. To be honest, she would just be in my way. If Palinchron took her hostage, that would turn the tide for the worst.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine pulled a sour expression, running towards Ms. Radiant as he glared at Palinchron. Ms. Radiant’s sharp eyes shot mine a piercing stare before she bowed her head. She must have analyzed the situation in much the same way I had. She let Mr. Hine climb onto her back and broke into a run.</p>

      <p>“Sera! Wait, don’t leave Sieg alone! Seraaaaaa!”</p>

      <p>But Ms. Radiant didn’t heed Lastiara as she dashed away from the hill, leaving me flanked by our enemies.</p>

      <p>Palinchron looked impressed. He addressed Alty like they were old chums. “Speedy judgment call. Exceedingly close to the correct play too. I’m going after those four, missy; I trust you’ve got this? Only I can get the Vart soldiers going.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, you can go and do that for me.”</p>

      <p>“Right, then; I’ll be back.”</p>

      <p>True to his word, he sprinted in the direction Ms. Radiant had fled. Alty watched him go, expressionless. I watched him as well.</p>

      <p>Now there were only three of us: me, Alty, and Maria. Upon realizing that, Alty snapped her fingers. The flames blazing all around us intensified, spreading and flying here and there and everywhere until the hill was completely engulfed. Surrounded by this much fire, it felt as though I were back on Floor 10 of the Dungeon. Alty wasn’t kidding when she said I could think of this hill as such.</p>

      <p>“Now then, what say we get this rolling? Then we can realize my dearest wish...” she muttered, a solemn look on her face.</p>

      <p>To start things off, I used Analyze on both of them.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【DECIMAL GUARDIAN】Thief of Fire’s Essence</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Maria</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 107/122</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 855/132+723</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Slave</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 10</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 4.48</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 4.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 2.96</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 2.37</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 3.97</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 6.89+34.23</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Mind Taint 1.98, Confusion 3.42, Memory Impairment 0.78</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Perception 1.50</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Hunting 0.68, Cooking 1.08, Fire Magic 1.52+2.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Concurrently, I gathered information on my surroundings as well, confirming that the barrier of fire cut off any escape. If at all possible, I’d have liked to take Maria with me and catch up to Ms. Radiant. But fleeing without defeating the Guardian before me would be tough. Besides, judging by Maria’s menu, she wasn’t going to come quietly.</p>

      <p>I glared at my enemy. “Alty, was this what you wanted?”</p>

      <p>“Sure is,” she answered, spreading her arms out. “This place is my dearest wish. <em>This</em> is my dearest wish.”</p>

      <p><em>This situation... This wretched dumpster fire is what she’s always wanted?</em></p>

      <p>“So your wish is to kill me, huh? That romance thing was a downright lie, and you’ve been playing me for a fool this whole time!”</p>

      <p>“No, the ‘romance thing’ ain’t no lie. Nor have I ever deceived you in any way. If Maria’s love becomes requited, then make no mistake, I <em>will</em> lose my power and vanish. As such, however it may happen, I’m probably gonna be no more before the day is over,” she said, speaking dispassionately of her own death.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t conceal my discomposure at that declaration. “Then why?! I don’t get what you’re trying to do or say! What do you want from me?!” Before the human-shaped monster who entreated death, I was beside myself with fury.</p>

      <p>“I want you to grant Maria’s wish. To make an unrequited love requited—in the form of a love tragedy.”</p>

      <p>“Love tragedy?” I didn’t get what the difference was between an unrequited love and a so-called “love tragedy.”</p>

      <p>“Maria’s love is a tragic one. A blighted love. A love that comes with a sad ending. Our eyes can see it coming. I’d like that tragic love to be fulfilled. If it’s not, I’ll never fully die.”</p>

      <p>Alty was courteously trying to explain it to me, but I still wasn’t following. I hardly thought it was reason enough to go this far.</p>

      <p>“I don’t understand! I don’t understand what you’re saying!”</p>

      <p>“I failed to win his heart, so I need to step aside? My prospects are hopeless, so I should give up? Don’t be ridiculous. That’s not how infatuation works. It’s more all-consuming than that. It makes you feel like you’re losing it. If your crush doesn’t reciprocate, there’s no point living. That’s why I want a double suicide. I wanna steal him for myself even if it means killing him. The ends justify the means, and I can’t even think straight. That right there is <em>true</em> love! Tragic love is the truest love!!!” she asserted, casting her cracked love as Truth with a capital T.</p>

      <p>Her expression had changed drastically. Her blank look was no more, the passion inside her writ large over her face. Her sheer zeal made me take a step back.</p>

      <p>“Maria has what it takes to realize the love tragedy,” she continued. “More than anyone else...”</p>

      <p>Her expression grew peaceful as she stroked Maria’s head. I could tell from everything about those caresses that her affection for Maria was real. There could be no doubt—she felt for Maria more than anyone.</p>

      <p>“That’s why, Sieg. That’s why right here, you’re gonna become Maria’s. Even if your bond becoming eternal can only happen through a double death, I’m happy with that, and I’ll make it happen...and then, I’ll disappear too. If all three of us die today, that’s fine by me!”</p>

      <p>She’d made her intentions more than plain. She planned to make me Maria’s. That was the goal and the trial. That was the purpose behind setting up this arena.</p>

      <p>“All this for...for<em> that</em>? You broke Maria’s mind for something so stupid?!”</p>

      <p>I didn’t want to dignify it. Not Alty’s objective, not her methods, not the battlefield, none of it. The way I was now, the number one thing I couldn’t abide was something or someone toying with the hearts of others for their own sick purposes. And that was exactly what Alty was trying to do.</p>

      <p>“Stupid? Yeah, that’s right! When I was alive, I couldn’t even do a stupid little thing like that! And the regret’s been weighing on me like crazy, okay?! I can tear apart my throat or rip my heart out, and this maddening regret keeps torturing me! Back then, he left me behind, and I couldn’t do anything about it! There’s no doubt in my mind he went someplace I don’t know and led a happy life with some stranger! And I regretted that till my dying day! I regretted it till my dying day, and then even after I died! So I’m gonna make another love requited! Through Maria, my tragic love <em>will</em> be realized!” Alty made the fire blaze brightly, an expression of her inner emotions.</p>

      <p>“Don’t drag Maria into your personal bullshit! Solve that shit yourself! You’re telling me that’s any reason to be throwing somebody’s heart into disarray?!”</p>

      <p>Whatever feelings lurked inside Alty had nothing to do with Maria. I could hardly allow this nonsense from her, not when she was trying to make Maria act on emotions that weren’t her own.</p>

      <p>I looked at Maria. Her blank gaze shifted towards the ground, and she continued to mumble incoherently.</p>

      <p><em>Augh! It’s just like “???”! If there’s one thing I absolutely refuse to allow, it’s tampering with people’s hearts!</em></p>

      <p>“All I did was make Maria true to her own heart. That’s a fact. I simply uncovered her buried desires and the true fire behind her crush. This is her proper form!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, and that’s what making somebody unhinged <em>is</em>! As if everybody could be honest all of the time!”</p>

      <p>The discussion was already over. At this rate, it was nothing more than a verbal sparring match. Alty and I were converting the emotions inside us into magic energy and crafting spells even as we gainsaid one another. We both knew that the fight couldn’t be avoided.</p>

      <p>I was the one who completed my spell first. I cast it as I thrust my sword. This was the absolute full-power mode that I had been unwilling to use even during my save-Lastiara mission. This spell was winter in the purest sense.</p>

      <p>I extended the freezing magic across the whole of the hill, and my dimensional magic stopped where my sword could reach. Two layers of magic circle came into being, and the snow made of magic energy known as tiarlay began precipitating over the blazing hill. A winter world overlaid on top of a world of flame.</p>

      <p>“I knew it! I <em>knew</em> it! You’re the same as Tida! You’re just an enemy, Alty! Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>! Spellcast: <em>Wintermension</em>!”</p>

      <p>In response, Alty started wrapping Maria in the gentle flames flowing out of her hands. A pillar of fantastical flame shining in a color that was neither red nor yellow nor blue rose up above the pair’s heads. The rising flames scattered into the air, a fiery snow raining down.</p>

      <p>“Sieg! You remind me of the past! Of a thousand years ago! That face reminds me of what once was! By taking you down, my tragic love will finally be consummated! Spellcast: <em>Flame Calculash</em>! Spellcast: <em>In Cadeus Blazer</em>!!!”</p>

      <p>Red tiarlay joined the white. Alty’s moves mirrored mine; strangely, our respective secret moves were the same type of magic.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>