<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>I didn’t understand why that would be. It was too exact to be a coincidence, but I didn’t have the leeway to be thinking about that at the moment. Sensing danger in the enemy’s surges of heat, I went on high alert, obstructing the fire magic through <em>Wintermension</em>. But that was pointless against her colossal amounts of magic energy.</p>

      <p>Alty whispered to Maria as she clad her body in blazing fire. “Now, wake up, Mar-Mar. Just a little longer and your love will bear fruit. You’ll finally be happy.”</p>

      <p>Maria’s downcast gaze slowly rose, and she stared at me. Her eyes were blank. They were even worse than when she had been a slave. These were eyes that were despairing of all things. I glared at the one responsible for tossing her into that abyss, and Alty stared right back at me.</p>

      <p>“Here I come, Sieg the Hero. Lament that fact you didn’t choose Maria until your last breath!”</p>

      <p>“Fuck you, monster. Rot in regret and disappear by your own damn self!” And with that as my cue, I flew into battle.</p>

      <p>The Decimal Trial, the Trial of the Thief of Fire’s Essence, had now begun.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>As I charged, I ran through battle simulations in my head. I had a singular aim. My sole goal was to slay the monster Alty. I was confident that if I didn’t kill her, I wouldn’t be able to come out of this in one piece. She was prepared to die. She wouldn’t stay her hand until the moment she perished.</p>

      <p>Unlike the fight with Mr. Hine, there was no hesitation on my part when it came to killing her. I had no intention of sparing an enemy who was actively trying to die, and that was all the more true when she was seeking a forced double suicide. It did give me a twinge of conscience, but even so, even though it pained me to have to make that choice, I swore to myself that I’d kill her.</p>

      <p>As I ran forward, Alty jumped back. Then, she swallowed up the surrounding flames and tried to compress them. That reaction told me that the Thief of Fire’s Essence differed from that of Darkness’s Essence. It seemed that unlike Tida, her strong suit was not close-quarters combat. Seeing her make that move suggested that my odds of winning were high. If they weren’t, I wouldn’t have stayed to face her alone.</p>

      <p>I was confident in myself. The confidence I had gained after successfully saving Lastiara gave me some peace of mind. That sense of self-worth had me all worked up that I was going to save Maria while I was at it. Once I killed Alty and brought Maria back to her senses, this mess would end. Luckily, I knew from experience that it was possible to cure Maria of her Confusion by way of my chilling magic.</p>

      <p>I tried to close the distance between Alty and me at full speed—</p>

      <p>“Master!”</p>

      <p>But then Maria swooped down on me with the flame sword in her hand, stopping me in my tracks. Her blade of condensed fire locked with my sword, the residual heat burning my hands even as the fire changed shape in order to hit me.</p>

      <p>I distanced myself. “Maria, don’t get in the way! Don’t let them delude you! Those emotions are false! You’re just being controlled by that monster over there!”</p>

      <p>“These emotions—false?! There’s no way that’s true! You’re the only liar here, Master!”</p>

      <p>Maria was converting her fierce fervor into fire. Flame gushed out from under her feet, and that flame was now transforming into two fiery serpents. They were the <em>Midgard Blaze</em> serpents she’d once shown me in the Dungeon. Back then, creating and controlling just one of them had left her totally worn out, but now she had instantly given form to two of them without so much as an incantation.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!”</p>

      <p>The snakes twisted and coiled violently, opening their dread jaws.</p>

      <p>“Leaving me behind, keeping secrets, telling me nothing but lies!” she shouted, conducting her flame sword like a baton and directing the snakes to attack me.</p>

      <p>“Sure, there’s stuff I kept to myself! But I’ve never <em>lied </em>to you!” I yelled back as I moved away from the snakes.</p>

      <p>“You did! You hate me, so you lied and tried to abandon me!!!” she replied as she made the serpents of flame run wild.</p>

      <p>The heat of their fire was making me sweat. This was not the relatively weak Maria of days past. She had become a skilled enough mage to be capable of dealing me a fatal blow. Under normal circumstances, I’d have preferred to ignore Maria and fight Alty instead. But if I didn’t immobilize her first, I wouldn’t be able to close the distance between me and Alty, who was behind her. Maria was the advance guard and Alty the rear, and they were thoroughly holding to that formation.</p>

      <p>“I’d never abandon you, Maria! Never! And I’d never lie either!”</p>

      <p>I wanted to end this by persuading her. I wanted to avoid swinging my sword at her if at all possible. That overly optimistic thought had crossed my mind, and the words had come out of their own accord.</p>

      <p>“You’re a liar! Your very <em>name</em>’s a lie! Every time you give your name as Siegfried and every time somebody calls you Sieg, part of you treats things like somebody else’s problem! Through your false alias, you keep fooling yourself, never once intending to reveal your true self!”</p>

      <p>I dodged a flame snake only for Maria to brandish her sword and leap after me. I managed to block her with my sword, but only barely. She was clearly reading my movements. I was sure she was being told how to fight by her Perception and Hunting skills.</p>

      <p>“You’ve got it all wrong! I may be using an alias, but I’ve never thought it’s not my problem—”</p>

      <p>“I... I knew it! So it <em>is</em> just an alias!”</p>

      <p>The moment I admitted that, Maria’s sword intensified in sheer firepower. Its fire turned from red to blue, its heat increasing to the point that it began melting my sword.</p>

      <p>I immediately turned the sword aside and distanced myself again. Then I cursed myself for picking the wrong tack. Her response just now confirmed that she wasn’t conversing rationally. She was just riding her emotions and listing whatever had filled her with suspicion and doubt. It seemed that before that exchange, she hadn’t known for sure I was operating under an alias—she’d just had a hunch. And because I’d confirmed that hunch, her mania had gained yet more steam.</p>

      <p>I cooled my overheated head with <em>Freeze</em>. Trying to talk her down while engaged in combat was backfiring. Maria saw no need to hold her tongue. I, meanwhile, had to choose my words carefully in order to calm her down. And since instakill-level spells were shooting across the battlefield, selecting the right words was a Herculean task.</p>

      <p>“If your name’s a lie, then so’s your supposed birthplace! The idea you’re from the Fanian countryside is just another lie, isn’t it? For one, there’s no place in Fania that’s more countryside than where I used to live, and yet you’d never heard of the Day of the Blessed Birth! That’s just not a thing that can happen!”</p>

      <p>As I continually dodged her rampage, I finished assessing the situation in my head and screwed up my resolve. I gave up on trying to talk her down, aiming instead to knock her out. There was no helping it; I would be forced to get a little rough with her.</p>

      <p>“Maria, bear with me, please!”</p>

      <p>I sprinted after her, intending to knock her unconscious through hand-to-hand combat. However...</p>

      <p>“It’s no use, Sieg,” said Alty unfeelingly from the rear. “Now quit it and listen to more of what Maria has to say.”</p>

      <p>The Guardian raised condensed fire over her head and incanted, “Burn, nixfire! At the mercy of the threads of the world serpent. <em>Agni Blaze</em>!”</p>

      <p>Chills instantly ran down my spine. I stopped moving closer to Maria and jumped back. Just then, something went through the gap between us. And that something was fire. A thin white streak of flame, remaining in the air like a fiber splitting through space. That thread was extending from the fire Alty was holding above her head, and it was piercing the ground. The area around the point in the ground where the white fire was lodging itself melted like lava, bubbling menacingly. I could scarcely imagine the temperature it boasted. All my gut knew was that if that hit me, my goose was cooked.</p>

      <p>The white fire trembled. Through <em>Dimension</em>, I could tell that a section of the ground behind me was transforming into lava. And from that softened, molten portion of earth, the tip of the flame-thread flew at me.</p>

      <p>“Grahh!”</p>

      <p>I twisted my body to the very limit and barely evaded the attack. I understood now that that white fire was fire made into the shape of a thread. And it had traveled through the ground and attacked me from behind. I’d twisted my body out of the way as best I could, which had thrown me off-balance, and Maria used that chance to attack, giving me no time to breathe.</p>

      <p>“You tell nothing but lies, Master! You said you didn’t like Ms. Lastiara! Lies! You went to go save her! You left me behind and went after her! You left me because you don’t like me, and went to the girl you <em>do</em> like!”</p>

      <p>She swung her flame sword, which clashed against my blade. I jumped back from the recoil. The ground where I landed grew slushy beneath my feet, and the tip of the white fire came sticking out. I crouched down and managed to dodge it by the skin of my teeth, grimacing at the incessant attacks. I couldn’t withstand the constant aggression coming from both Maria and the flame indefinitely.</p>

      <p>As such, I reached out my hand and concentrated all my magic energy into it as I crafted an ice spell. “Spellcast: <em>Blizzardmensioooon</em>!”</p>

      <p>The bounds of the spell didn’t go past the palm of my hand. I had extended the magic winter-zone into my palm, thereby hindering the white fire’s movement. <em>Wintermension</em> wouldn’t cut it to stay Alty’s magic, but given <em>Blizzardmension</em>’s sheer density, it might just pass muster. And by concentrating it into a smaller area of effect, its efficacy was maximized.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, the moment I tried to analyze the white fire, I started feeling like my brain was burning. Trying to grasp fire magic whose roots were so intricately woven made my head spin. Most terrifying of all was the deep-seated grudge infused into the spell—the hatred that made it tick. Since it had been constructed using a host of negative emotions, including pent-up resentment, envy, and loathing, it punched a hole in my brain’s processing capability.</p>

      <p>Yet, if I failed at this, my hand would melt into nothingness, and I couldn’t have that.</p>

      <p>“DROWN IT OUUUUUT!” I roared as I stole away the white fire’s heat. I shifted the magic’s construction off course, and by pouring in multiple times the usual amount of power, I managed to forcibly dissipate the flame.</p>

      <p>“Good!”</p>

      <p>I figured my chances of winning had risen, and I faced Maria with bright eyes. I was keen to make her fire dissipate too—but then I tripped over my own feet.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Heh. I’m surprised you interfered with my fire. You surprise me, Sieg. But just how much magic power did you expend to erase a single one of my spells, hmm?”</p>

      <p>Alty smiled, and I hurriedly checked my menu.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 286/372</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 91/657-200</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I was astonished. That had taken way too much out of me to be worth it. Erasing the white fire had depleted my MP by around 200 points. That was approximately a third of my total.</p>

      <p>Not that I had the time to be standing there shocked. One of Maria’s fire snakes attacked me where I stood. I reached out my hand to disperse it but then stopped myself. If I extinguished this flame, it would further reduce my MP. And if my MP dropped to zero, I’d lose my one means of fighting Alty. I didn’t know yet if physical attacks worked against her. Maybe her body was amorphous like Tida’s, and only ice magic would work against her. If I didn’t leave myself a minimum amount of MP to work with, I’d be hard-pressed to do anything.</p>

      <p>With that realization, I could no longer see a path to victory, so I shouted at Maria in another bid to persuade her. I knew it was pointless, but I tried anyway. The sweltering temperatures and my own anxiety were clouding my judgment.</p>

      <p>“Maria, would you calm down already?! At this rate I’m gonna <em>die</em>! If that fire hits me, there’s no way I’ll make it out!”</p>

      <p>“That’s okay! Even if your limbs get burned off, I’ll take care of you. You don’t need your limbs; you’ll be okay as long as you have me. I’m strong now. And it’s thanks to you, Master. With this power, I can earn us money through the Dungeon. There won’t be an issue! Let’s just live life, the two of us alone in that house!!!”</p>

      <p>Maria pointed at the house, which was on the verge of collapsing, and smiled broadly. As I fought on the scorching red battlefield, ice ran down my spine. There was no hope of persuading her. Her smile made that abundantly clear.</p>

      <p>Since my words had lost their power, I moved to restrain her using just my physical prowess. But of course, Alty wasn’t about to let me.</p>

      <p>“Sprout, birthfire! Universal blestfire of the original sin! <em>Janua Blaze</em>!!!”</p>

      <p>A flower of flame bloomed at Maria’s feet. It spread its petals like a lily and came at me. I couldn’t avoid it—I had to distance myself from her.</p>

      <p>The flower of flame then wriggled and something red scattered at its center. It fluttered like pollen and fell to the ground, giving rise to yet more flowers. Realizing that it was a wide-range spell, I once again tried to put more distance between us, but my movements were blocked by the wall of flames behind me. Due to the many fire spells in play, I’d lost any way out before I knew it.</p>

      <p>The fiery flower garden was proliferating like mad before my eyes. I considered how to break this deadlock, counting all the cards up my sleeve and searching for an effective way forward. But though I thought through various combinations of card plays, none of them proved game-changing.</p>

      <p>The gears in my head were turning at hyper speed, but my simulations were all predicting naught but my demise. At the same time, I was attacked by the sensation of something crawling up my back. It was “???” sidling up to me.</p>

      <p><em>I do not accept that. I absolutely refuse to submit to “???”</em></p>

      <p>I continued to rack my brain for a solution, unaided by “???” And then, I found one card up my sleeve that I had yet to use.</p>

      <p>“All skill points to Ice Magic!”</p>

      <p>A notification box appeared in my field of view.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【ALL SKILL POINTS ALLOTTED TO ICE MAGIC】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Ice Magic 2.06+1.10</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I used the eleven skill points I’d never touched. I also released the <em>Connection</em> spell that was applying a -200 to my MP and poured all of the magic power inside me into my ice magic. By using every one of my trump cards, I successfully strengthened the cold of <em>Wintermension</em>. My understanding of ice magic deepened; my grip on the molecular vibration grew.</p>

      <p><em>How can I put a stop to the world’s vibrations? No, how can I glaciate the whole wide world?</em></p>

      <p>And I arrived at one facet of the answer. “Freeze! FREEEEZE!!!”</p>

      <p>An unprecedented giant wave of cold grew more and more refined. I clad myself in it like a robe and braced against the oncoming flames. Moreover, I took water and cloth out of my inventory, soaked the cloth, and donned it like a mantle from my head downward before breaking into a dash.</p>

      <p>In response to my attempt to run through the field, the fire flowers enlarged their petals so as to catch me. Some touched me.</p>

      <p>“Yarrrgh!”</p>

      <p>They caught me on the back. The cloth was burned away, scorching my flesh. I didn’t feel the sensation of heat anymore. Nor was there pain. All that blared in my brain was, <em>Warning, warning, warning</em>.</p>

      <p>I ignored all that and kept on running, only to be blocked by Maria, who was walking through the flames freely. I couldn’t afford to pay her any heed. I simply endured the flame sword tearing through my shoulder and ran as fast as my legs could carry me past her over to Alty.</p>

      <p>“Made it to me, huh, Sieg?!!!” The Guardian smiled at the sight of my desperate charge. The very same smile Tida had once shown me.</p>

      <p>“ALTYYYYY!!!” I screamed. It burned my mouth, my throat, my insides, but all the same, I screamed.</p>

      <p>“World-shaking flames almighty! Resolve more red than the passion of all creation!” Alty was screaming too. In much the same way, she incanted while igniting it all. Her spell would probably be complete before I could reach her. “Bonfire of spurting blood! The crimson snow flurry is my body! The world that is me is now aflame!!!”</p>

      <p>And yet, I had no choice but to press forward. What little remained of my life force was urging me to see that this was the moment of truth. I kept running, fully intending to plunge into the midst of the fire spell she would no doubt be completing in short order.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Diana Blaze</em>!!!”</p>

      <p>The completed spell was an orb not unlike a small sun. The instant it flashed on like a lamp, everything was wrapped in flames. My sense organs lost all their faculties, and I could feel my body burning.</p>

      <p>Regardless, I kept going, advancing into the thick of the inferno. I knew that I had no other choice, both to protect my body and for all the other reasons. My limbs lacked all sense of touch, but I forced them to keep moving.</p>

      <p>I guarded my face with my left hand and used my right hand to slash Alty’s torso. In that same burst of forward motion, I went past her and kept running. As a result, I took the brunt of the heat blasted by the miniature sun from behind. Concentrating my cold towards my rear, I ran with the intent to flee the onslaught.</p>

      <p>Due to the impact and the heat pushing me from behind, I couldn’t even fall safely. I tumbled and rolled like a ball. Although the cloak I had been wearing was burned to ash, it seemed I was able to avoid a fatal blow due to my strengthened ice magic. And I could feel it in my hands—I’d definitely given Alty a nice gash.</p>

      <p>I slowly got to my feet and checked to see how she was doing. She was standing, having been slashed diagonally from shoulder to waist. She looked at me and smiled, holding in the blood flowing out of her with her hand. It was on fire. She smiled despite the wound, which would be more than grievous for any human. That smile was enough to tell me that our fight wasn’t over.</p>

      <p>In place of the MP I’d run out of, I cast more magic by dipping into my life force.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>...”<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 246/372</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/657</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 238/366</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/657</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I wasn’t there yet. It wasn’t over yet. Recalling the time I had battled Tida, I watched calmly as the measure of my life ticked down.</p>

      <p>“I expected no less, Sieg. You do have the mettle it took to kill Tida, after all,” Alty said placidly as she bled burning blood.</p>

      <p>“Shut up! Just eat shit and die already!”</p>

      <p>I pulled a fresh new dampened mantle from my inventory and put it on, then brandished my sword once more. I had 238 HP left to work with. From a numerical standpoint, I could keep going. It was too early to throw in the towel. I vowed to myself that I would save Maria, just like I’d saved Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“But it’s still not enough. You’re still lacking. Isn’t that right, Maria?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s right! It’s still not enough!”</p>

      <p>Alty staggered closer to Maria and hugged her from behind. Then, the two of them repeated those words. “Not enough...” “From now on...” they said over and over.</p>

      <p>I got a bad feeling about that, so I mustered my remaining strength and ran. I had to stop them. My gut was screaming as much.</p>

      <p>Propelled by the momentum, my sword stabbed the monster behind Maria right through the face.</p>

      <p>The tip of the blade plunged into her face. But I didn’t feel any resistance. Alty’s features warped as her form lost substance. She turned into fire and looked my way, smiling.</p>

      <p>Her whole body morphed into flame, and then she became one with the fire that was wreathing Maria. Part of Maria’s fire formed a mouth: “This battle’s just beginning, Sieg. We’ve got a ways to go!”</p>

      <p>My body stiffened. The enemy I was intent on slicing to ribbons was no longer there, and I just stood there. I understood that Alty had simply turned into more fire and mixed in with Maria’s.</p>

      <p><em>Does that mean I’m not gonna get anywhere unless I extinguish </em>all<em> of the fire here? Or does that mean that she’s mixed in with Maria’s </em>body, <em>forcing me to kill Maria if I wanna kill her too? Or does it mean something else entirely?</em> I had no idea.</p>

      <p>While I was standing there, shocked, Maria came forward, slashing.</p>

      <p>“Master, please stand down! If you do, we can start over from square one! From that point in time! This time, we won’t need anyone else! Let’s start over, just the two of us!”</p>

      <p>All I could do was keep deflecting her blows, because I didn’t know how to attack Alty. Left with no other choice, I resorted to trying to persuade Maria again.</p>

      <p>“Maria! I need you to come back to your senses! Everything about this is just dancing to her tune! There’s no point in fighting me! There are no do-overs in life!”</p>

      <p>“Even if that’s true, Ms. Alty was there for me until the end! I was so lonely, and she did her best to help me! Unlike you, she didn’t leave me out, or leave me alone, or leave me behind!”</p>

      <p>She merely fired back with more criticism. I got the sense that the more we talked, the stronger her fire grew. There was no doubt about it—there was a close link between Maria’s mentality and her fervor.</p>

      <p>I shouted as I strengthened the cold air using <em>Wintermension</em>, “I’ll never leave you alone or leave you behind again! I promise! So please, retract your fire!”</p>

      <p>“More lies! If you’re not lying, why did you go save Ms. Lastiara? If she’s around, I’ll never be able to keep up. I’ll get left behind. I’ll be all alone again. How could you go save her when you <em>knew</em> that’d happen?!”</p>

      <p>“Nothing will change if she’s around! It’s okay; we’ll all be together! So—”</p>

      <p>“Ever since <em>she</em>—ever since Ms. Lastiara came around, it all went wrong! That girl plays dirty. Being born such a dazzling being is cheating. I can’t even tell you how anxious it made me, watching you get sucked into her radiance! As long as she’s there, I’ll wonder when you’ll leave me behind, and when you’ll lie to me! I’ll be constantly uneasy!”</p>

      <p>The more she talked, the more her true thoughts were laid bare, and by the same token, the more all my mistaken impressions came into sharp relief. Little by little, the root of Maria’s inner turmoil was turning clearer. I’d figured her infatuation or envy was getting the best of her, but that was slightly off the mark. What Maria was raging against, over and over again, was something else.</p>

      <p>She and I were dropping years off our lives screaming at each other. And if I wasn’t wrong, that was precisely why we were finally beginning to understand each other.</p>

      <p>“That’s why we’re starting over,” Maria continued. “We’re going back to the time you were limp-wristed and lost. Back then, you clung to me and depended on me, and that made me feel so safe. I was able to think to myself: <em>Now, here’s someone who’ll be by my side! </em>Here’s<em> someone I can find happiness with! </em>So we’re gonna turn back the clock to when <em>she</em> wasn’t with us!”</p>

      <p>Maria was telling me that she wanted to scorch everything and be together with a weakened version of me. She was saying that she couldn’t rest easy otherwise. If I wasn’t weaker, she’d always be worried I’d run off someplace...</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, I finally get it. Long story short, Maria’s a ball of fear and apprehension.</em></p>

      <p>After all, I hadn’t told her anything. Not my real name or my actual place of origin, or my goals. Nothing. She was beside herself with worry <em>because</em> she didn’t know the first thing about me. No matter how often I told her everything was fine, no matter how nice I was to her or how much favoritism I showed her, there was no point if I didn’t give her a single piece of the truth. It only had the opposite effect.</p>

      <p>What Maria wanted was assurance. She wanted the security of knowing I wasn’t going anywhere.</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t do anything but watch as the boy I like drifted away! And try as I might to follow after you, I couldn’t catch up! Well, I don’t want to lose everything again, okay?!!!”</p>

      <p>Perhaps now was the time to stare the emotions I’d been fleeing square in the face.</p>

      <p><em>Maria likes me. That’s why she can’t abide Lastiara, who knows my real name, my real place of origin, and my real objective. She’s scared of her, scared that she’s always by my side. Devoid of any guarantees, she’s always on pins and needles, wondering when she’ll be discarded.</em></p>

      <p>In all likelihood, Maria had <em>always</em> been uneasy. She’d <em>always</em> been uneasy to the point of madness. As I uncovered her feelings, I started understanding her more, little by little. Or, to be more honest, I was being <em>told</em> how she felt—by this, the Trial of the Tenth Floor.</p>

      <p>“You belong to me, Master! I was the first one to find you! So you’re no one else’s!”</p>

      <p>Maria’s fire blazed unto the ends of earth. She burned her whole body, the intensity of her flames exceeding the power of my cold. In the end, even her swordplay outpaced mine, and she deflected my blade to the side.</p>

      <p>Rendered defenseless, I was thrust away by a blow to the torso, putting some distance between us and giving Maria time to incant.</p>

      <p>“Burn, nixfire!”</p>

      <p>That was the verse for obtaining what she wanted, no matter the sacrifice. For some reason, I was able to understand the meaning of that incantation. The feelings she seeded into it reached me. And at the same time, I realized just how much she had tossed onto the pyre of her magic. She’d discarded her body and heart, her memories and emotions, her past and her future, her everything—all for me.</p>

      <p><em>Then I’ll feed my own pyre.</em></p>

      <p>“Spread, nix-ice!” I incanted. Those words spilled out of my mouth as though I’d thought of them myself.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>