<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: At the End of the Day of the Blessed Birth</h1>

      <p>Upon hearing Tida’s name, my body stiffened. But I instantly held my sword at the ready and shouted, “What... What do you mean, the twentieth floor?! Tida’s gone! GONE!”</p>

      <p>“Yep, Tida’s gone,” replied Palinchron as he approached. “So I’ll be the stand-in. I’ll do the vigesimal trial <em>for</em> Tida. The true version.” He raised his blood-soaked blade overhead.</p>

      <p>No time to think. I stood in front of Maria and retrieved a spare sword from my inventory, intercepting Palinchron’s swing. Our swords crossed, and an ominous, high-pitched noise pierced the air.</p>

      <p>My HP and MP were nearing their limits, so the only support spell I was using was <em>Dimension</em>. As a result, our fight wound up being a simple test of swordsmanship. Palinchron’s one-handed swordplay was bizarrely mellow and flexible. As our blades met again, he grabbed me by the arm with his free hand.</p>

      <p>With that, his magic power expanded. A frightful energy seeped from the skin I was touching. Instinctively, I dipped into my fast-depleting life points and intensified my dimensional magic for a fleeting moment, probing for the weakest point in Palinchron’s stance and pouring my strength there.</p>

      <p>“Get offa me!” I shook him off and thrust him away.</p>

      <p>The bastard’s hands were glowing with dim gray light. The chances were high that this frightful magic energy was a mental spell.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be damned. Impressive, Kanami. Look at you move, with your body in that state.” He smiled, genuinely surprised.</p>

      <p>I was pissed. Everything about how Palinchron carried himself pissed me off. I endured the pain and screamed, “What are you after?! You’ve thrown Whoseyards into chaos; isn’t that good enough?!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that was just for funsies. And so is this. As for what I’m really after, I can’t tell you that. If I did, you’d see my next moves coming.”</p>

      <p>While I was furious, Palinchron was quite calm by contrast. His detachedness blasted my irritation to its limit, and I converted more of my HP into magic energy.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 62/284</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/657</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 52/275</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/657</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>My max HP had decreased by nearly 100 points in total. 100 was basically the amount of life points your average pro diver possessed, and my battered body shrieked all the more for it.</p>

      <p>“Fuck off with that shit! I couldn’t hold back if I wanted to right now! If you wind up getting killed, that ain’t my problem!”</p>

      <p>“Hold back? At this stage in the game? You really are a kind soul. Or maybe you’re too scared to take a life?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not too scared! Now that I’ve killed Alty, I won’t hesitate anymore!”</p>

      <p>“Keh heh, treating her as human, are we? That’s so <em>you</em>, laddie! You’re whacked in the head!”</p>

      <p>I tried breaking into a run with the intention of killing Palinchron. But my legs were stopped by what that asshole pulled out from inside his clothes.</p>

      <p>“You know what, though, it’s true that if you get serious, I’ll probably bite it. Tragic as it is, I can’t beat you even with this many advantages going for me. That’s right—I don’t overestimate my own strength. Which is why this comes in handy.”</p>

      <p>I’d seen that stone before. I used Analyze on the thing:<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【GUARDIAN’S MAGIC GEM】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>A crystal of the Guardian Tida’s magic energy.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Tida’s gem?!”</p>

      <p>“Yep. It’s the magic gem of a Guardian, which you so thoughtlessly parted with. To think you’d go straight to Vart and sell it off. Granted, it’s thanks to that that I got my hands on it now.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron fiddled with the gem, his lips curling even further. A bead of cold sweat ran down my brow.</p>

      <p>“Tida and the little missy both told me that there was no issue affinity-wise, but I was still afraid. Now that I’ve seen what I just saw, I know it for a fact: I can inherit Tida’s will. No—I’m the <em>only</em> one who can!”</p>

      <p>He popped the gem into his mouth and gulped it down. That instant, his magic energy... it went wild. The sensation felt like the world was dislodging itself with Palinchron as the cardinal point. Like the very air was spasming.</p>

      <p>His eyes were progressively robbed of their vitality. His already lacking human touch became more and more diluted, and the person named Palinchron Regacy transformed into something else. In terms of his outward appearance, nothing had actually changed. Yet all the same, he had been unmistakably altered.</p>

      <p>“Ha, ha ha, now, let’S gET tHiS StarTed, heRO...”</p>

      <p>I got the sense that his voice and Tida’s overlapped. Palinchron gripped his sword tightly and drew closer. Impelled by fear, I used Analyze.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Palinchron Regacy</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 501/512</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 368/392</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 15.21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 19.45</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 12.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 18.22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 10.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 13.99</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 4.89</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Observant 1.46</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 1.89, Holy Magic 1.23, Mental Magic 3.89, Martial Arts 1.87, Spellrite 2.54</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>He was completely different now. All of his stats had doubled, and his magic was an order of magnitude greater. I tried to revise my evaluation of Palinchron and reexamine my suppositions with regard to his battle tactics—but he came swinging at me with agility on par with Tida’s before I could stop to think.</p>

      <p>I blocked his oncoming sword with my own, but the impact caused my arm to go numb. Clearly, his muscle strength was not what it had been moments earlier. His no-holds-barred blow also reminded me of my fight against Tida.</p>

      <p>“You’re joking!”</p>

      <p>I was assailed by regret and frustration. I’d suspected Tida’s gem was an item of importance, but I’d relinquished it anyway. And the prospect of a rematch against him had me shitting bricks.</p>

      <p>“Now I’m something of a monster myself!” Palinchron crowed. “Don’t hesitate to kill me, you hear?!”</p>

      <p>His every blow was both weighty and fast. And combined with his sword skills, the onslaught was elevated to even greater heights. It had technique to it that Tida had never exhibited, and little by little, it broke through my defenses. If I didn’t do something, I’d lag behind. I was forced to strengthen my magic.</p>

      <p>“Dammit! <em>Dimension: Calculash!</em>”</p>

      <p>But that was the wrong move. After repeatedly scraping the barrel to craft more magic, my body was on the verge of total collapse. If one were to focus strictly on the numbers, I still had more of my max HP to draw from. One might then conclude that I could use more magic. But my actual physical condition wouldn’t allow it. A stabbing pain hit my brain, and the spell fizzled.</p>

      <p>“Khh...urghh, ahhhhh!!!”</p>

      <p>I’d shaved away too much of my life force in a short span of time. I lost yet more life, but the magic energy I squeezed out dispersed in vain. After defeating Alty, I couldn’t regain my concentration now that I’d relaxed it once. The intense pain made it abundantly clear that this was not a boundary I could get away with crossing.</p>

      <p>I was now open to a fatal blow. Palinchron disarmed me and swept my legs out from under me. Then he straddled me, grabbed my head, and slammed me into the ground, after which that stomach-churning energy from before radiated from his palms.</p>

      <p>“Not even you can resist Tida’s magic, can you? Spellcast: <em>Deprived Martyr!</em>”</p>

      <p>Palinchron’s magic power penetrated the nooks and crannies of my worn-out brain. The spell was similar to the magic Tida had once used against me. I was convinced that at this rate, my mind would be painted over. There was no time to hesitate!</p>

      <p><em>If my heart’s gonna get tampered with either way, then I’ll go with the option where my consciousness doesn’t die! I’ve got no other choice:</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【THE FOLLOWING SKILL HAS BEEN ACTIVATED: ???】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“I’M NOT GOING DOWN!”</p>

      <p>I activated it. The skill I swore I wouldn’t even if it killed me. I brushed aside Palinchron’s mind meddling and kicked him as he was concentrating on the spell with all my strength. I broke my promise to myself, but I had to. The idea of getting hit by his magic now was even scarier than dying.</p>

      <p>I could sense an assortment of emotions fall by the wayside. All thoughts and all vows faded away, my cooled-down brain watching them fly beyond the horizon. Then I glared at the enemy who had thus forced my hand.</p>

      <p>Having been kicked off of me, Palinchron looked astonished. That surprise quickly turned into an expression of delight. “Keh, keh heh, ha ha ha ha ha ha! Goodness, Kanami, you’re <em>too</em> strong!”</p>

      <p>“<em>Midgard Blaze</em>!”</p>

      <p>A spell from Maria. It seemed she’d been aiming for a window where Palinchron and I were apart. Sadly, the fire snake didn’t carry enough force. The rain played a role in that, but her eye wounds were also a huge factor. Her HP and MP were largely depleted. I wasn’t the only one who’d fought a fierce battle earlier.</p>

      <p>The serpent spewed steam as it moved, and Palinchron dodged it with ease. The creature of fire, exposed to the rain, turned to nothing.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami, are you okay?!” shouted Maria worriedly from behind. But she didn’t come to me. She understood her role. She seemed composed, perhaps due to having overcome her discord with Alty. Leveraging the experience she’d accumulated in the Dungeon, she calmly stuck to her role as a mage.</p>

      <p>“I’m okay! Please keep casting for me!”</p>

      <p>If Maria lost her composure, it was curtains for me. We needed this to be two-on-one.</p>

      <p>Palinchron watched us as we clung to our last remaining hope. “Looks like I’ve gotta weaken both of you some more. And not just your bodies. Your hearts too!”</p>

      <p>He started running. But not at <em>me</em>. He was aiming for Maria. I ran at full speed, gritting my teeth against the excruciating pain, and blocked his way. Yet he continued to ignore me. Instead of engaging me, he tried attacking Maria from a different direction. I gave chase, bleeding as I dashed. Just from taking a step, my whole body screamed. Every cell inside me was ringing the klaxon, shouting at my brain to lose consciousness right then and there.</p>

      <p>And with his composure, Palinchron had to know what state my body was in. He knew that he could get me to self-destruct just by making me move. That was why he wasn’t bothering to fight me and gunning for Maria instead.</p>

      <p>Concluding that I couldn’t let this drag out, I slashed at him, summoning every last ounce of strength. But he merely laughed at the suicide charge. He’d read it like a book, and he deflected my sword before punching me in the gut with his free hand.</p>

      <p>The pain receptors deadened by the endorphins my brain had released now remembered true pain, and my whole body stiffened as if struck by lightning. Palinchron took advantage of that opening to wrap around behind me and pinion me while still holding his sword.</p>

      <p>“Urghh... Aghh...”</p>

      <p>He strangled me, applying pressure to my carotid artery. That was the category of attack my body most desperately did <em>not</em> want to get hit with.</p>

      <p>“End of the line, laddie. Now faint for me.”</p>

      <p>My field of vision turned blacker and blacker, my consciousness fading.</p>

      <p>As my world grew dim, I could hear Maria cry out, “Mr. Kanami! <em>Midgard Blaze!</em>”</p>

      <p>But I couldn’t perceive it properly. I got the vague feeling that something hot passed by me. At the same time, Palinchron stopped strangling me and distanced himself.</p>

      <p><em>Good. Now I can fight some more.</em></p>

      <p>But my fighting spirit bore no fruit. My field of vision was dyed black and it failed to clear up. My cheek hit the muddy ground, and my whole body refused to listen to me.</p>

      <p>I heard Maria’s screams in the distance. But my body just would not react.</p>

      <p><em>Can’t...move...</em></p>

      <p>“And <em>that’s</em> over with. Now the little lady’s in my hands too...”</p>

      <p>All I could hear was Palinchron’s galling voice.</p>

      <p>Feeding on my last scraps of fighting spirit, I lifted my head and strained my eyes. Right then, the sight of Maria fainting by Palinchron’s hand came into view. Palinchron muttered something to the unconscious Maria and slung her over his shoulder before coming over to my collapsed, immobile form and putting a hand over my head.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Deprived Martyr!</em>”</p>

      <p>The repulsive magic energy once again invaded my body. Even just perceiving that was me at my limit.</p>

      <p><em>I... I can still fight...</em></p>

      <p>My heart screamed desperately, but my body didn’t respond. Palinchron’s power was dyeing my brain black, to go with my already blackened field of vision.</p>

      <p><em>I’m falling down a pit of deep darkness...</em></p>

      <p>Then, as my consciousness faded, I heard a voice.</p>

      <p>“Guess this marks the end of the Day of the Blessed Birth...and I’m the last man standing. Just as planned, huh?”</p>

      <p>It was Palinchron’s voice. It was different from his usual glib tone. Part of him sounded <em>chagrined</em>.</p>

      <p>That was the last thing I heard before I fainted. Before I drowned in the darkness.</p>

      <p>Thus did the Day of the Blessed Birth—the day where the desires of so many intertwined—draw to a close...with the outworlder named Aikawa Kanami tapping out in the middle of it.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>