<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 16</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix018">
<h1 class="appendix-title"><a id="page-309"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix018">AFTERWORD</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Well, my humble little work has made it to sixteen volumes on sale.</p>
<p>Looking back, it’s been a long journey. Starting out, I was producing one volume every five months, but now that’s stretched to six. I think I’ve been able to stick to even <em>that</em> schedule only because of everyone who’s cheered me on so far.</p>
<p>Time really <em>does</em> pass by quickly, doesn’t it? But I’ll do my best to keep this pace going and produce two volumes a year.</p>
<p class="space-break">SPOILER ALERT: Time for some commentary on this volume’s content.</p>
<p>………</p>
<p>……</p>
<p>…</p>
<p>Starting in this installment, I’ve gone down the forbidden path of providing statistics for everyone’s strength in battle.</p>
<p>I actually wanted to do this earlier, but I, my editor, was dead set against it. I understood his take on the subject, so I’ve avoided anything related to it so far…but really, I can’t use Clayman as a yardstick forever. I mean, Clayman put in a real good effort. Along with Gelmud and Carillon, he’s helped me describe how strong other characters are for a long time. He’s since been out of the story picture for a while, but I feel like he still gets name-dropped quite a bit in the series.</p>
<p>This yardstick is getting impractical, though. If I write that <a id="page-310"></a>someone’s “as strong as a hundred Claymans,” nobody’s gonna appreciate what that means. So enjoy your retirement, Clayman! I think we’ll see his name a <em>lot</em> less from now on.</p>
<p>“EP” was something that appeared in the original web novel version of this series as well. I call it an acronym for “existence points” in this book, but you can consider it to be “energy points,” and that’s fine. Think of it as just a quick and dirty reference, not something that directly correlates to someone’s strength in battle.</p>
<p class="space-break">Moving on, let’s talk a bit about future plans.</p>
<p>This volume got filled entirely with the cleanup work after the Empire saga, so before I dive into the final story arc, I’m going to produce a collection of short stories written from the perspective of people besides Rimuru. I have a lot of stories I want to tell, and I think this collection will feature several of them, mostly behind-the-scenes views of events from the main tale.</p>
<p>Depending on how many pages I get and how I’m feeling, I might write some breezier stories as well. As always, it’ll just depend on where things go in my mind!</p>
<p>So that’s what we’re planning for Volume 17.</p>
<p>Volume 18 is when we’ll kick off the final saga, so I hope you’re ready for that. I’m planning to divide it into three parts—The Quickening, The Collision, and The Conclusion—but again, that might change depending on how I’m feeling. That’s how it stands now, though, and it’s the way I’m thinking about the story arc, but don’t take it as gospel yet.</p>
<p>Then, after I complete that saga, I’m thinking I could jump around and write some extra stories. There are two of them in the web novel version, and I’ve got other things I’d love to write about, too. So thanks in advance for your support of <em>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime</em>, so I can keep writing everything I have planned out!</p>
<p class="space-break">Finally, allow me to thank everyone involved with this series—and give out particularly big thanks to all the fans who support it! I wanna do my very best to keep you guys entertained.</p>
<p>Till next time!</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>