<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter71">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Wow... But he should pull back soon, don’t you think? He’s been fighting for a while, right? His magic essence won’t last,” Natalie said worriedly.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Now that we’re here, he can retreat and rest,” Cosette agreed immediately. “Sir Haruto!”</p>

      <p>Rio retreated to the road with perfect timing.</p>

      <p>“Erm, I believe you’re Cosette and...”</p>

      <p>“This is Natalie. I’m honored you remember me.” Cosette smiled happily.</p>

      <p>“I’m Natalie, one of Lady Liselotte’s attendants. It’s nice to meet you, Sir Haruto. Thank you for your assistance in these trying times.” Natalie bowed respectfully.</p>

      <p>“I thank you on behalf of my master.” Cosette lowered her head at Rio with a truly adorable smile.</p>

      <p>Rio gave a short shake of his head, looking around at the monsters in the square before getting right to the point. “Not a problem. I actually have a small request.” The monsters seemed to be wary of Rio, observing from a distance.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” Natalie asked.</p>

      <p>“I actually made my acquaintances wait back at the inn, so they haven’t evacuated yet. I’d like to go back and meet up with them,” Rio stated succinctly.</p>

      <p>“Is that... so...” Natalie hesitated for a moment.</p>

      <p>It would be a hindrance to have Rio leave, as the minotaur and the unidentified monsters were still lying in wait behind the goblins and orcs. If they all attacked at once, it would be extremely difficult to defend the area.</p>

      <p>However, Rio wasn’t a soldier or adventurer of Amande to begin with — he was meant to be a commoner with no military duties. His assistance right now was completely voluntary, so Natalie couldn’t insist that he stayed to fight.</p>

      <p>However, Rio seemed to sense Natalie’s apprehension. “In exchange for leaving this place to you, I’ll finish off that minotaur. How about it?” he suggested as a compromise. Unlike the west gate, only one minotaur had spawned at the east gate. On top of that, there were fewer revenants than the west gate. The threat would lessen greatly if he defeated the minotaur.</p>

      <p>“...You are a commoner, so of course. We have no reason to hold you back. But the minotaur is at the rear.”</p>

      <p>Natalie looked closely at the minotaur waiting outside the gate. Chronologically, it would have to be defeated last. While it could be attacked with long-distance magic, the minotaur’s physical abilities would probably allow it to evade the speed of an average attack.</p>

      <p>“No, I’ll take care of it from here,” Rio declared firmly.</p>

      <p>“...E-Excuse me?” Natalie inclined her head in confusion at how that would be possible.</p>

      <p>“Then... here I go.”</p>

      <p>Rio stepped into the fray again. A bright glow enveloped the blade of his sword as he stood poised with the tip pointed at the minotaur.</p>

      <p>“Geehee?!” The monsters were glaring warily at Rio. Then, after communicating with a shared look, they all leapt at Rio at once. “Geeheehee!”</p>

      <p>“?!” Natalie and the others gawked. A cannonball of magic essence coated in wind spirit arts had just burst from the tip of Rio’s sword. The single shot traveled past the wall at the speed of sound.</p>

      <p>“Geehee?!” The monsters that had leapt at Rio were blown away by the aftershock, and the cannonball of essence wrapped in wind ripped through the minotaur’s heart with precision.</p>

      <p>“M...rogh?! Mroh...?” Even the minotaur didn’t understand what had happened. It had no time to react, finding itself kneeling to the ground. It died, just like that, crumbling helplessly.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll do one more push, just in case.</em> With that thought, Rio poured essence into his sword again. A windstorm raged from his sword. Rio closed in on the monsters at the front and slammed the storm into the monsters.</p>

      <p>“Buhee?!” Several dozens of orcs and goblins were blown away.</p>

      <p>“...” Natalie and the others behind her were completely stunned.</p>

      <p>“Now, I’ll excuse myself here.” Rio turned back and bowed once, as Natalie returned to her senses with a gasp</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes! Thank you so much!”</p>

      <p>“...Sir Haruto is wonderful,” Cosette said vacantly to Rio, who couldn’t help but be confused.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Natalie shoved Cosette away in a panic. “Geez, what are you saying?! Sir Haruto, please don’t mind this one and be along your way. Take care!”</p>

      <p>“...Yes. The same goes for everyone here.” Rio smiled in faint amusement before rushing off to the center city where the inn was.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, inside Liselotte’s mansion, Hiroaki, Flora, Roanna, and Duke Huguenot had evacuated to a guest living room. Inside stood four knights as guards, including Stewart Huguenot and the elite squad commander, Raymond Brandt.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki’s leg shook nervously while he sat on the sofa. “Ah... Is it normal for monsters to attack cities this regularly?”</p>

      <p>“While it isn’t a regular occurence, it isn’t unheard of, either. There have been cities and towns that have been annihilated by monsters in the past,” Duke Huguenot answered calmly.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Hiroaki heaved a dramatic sigh.</p>

      <p><em>He seems to be rather worked up. The fear from the previous fight must be taking an effect.</em> Duke Huguenot narrowed his eyes. Normally, Hiroaki would be boasting to feign confidence.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” Stewart huffed through his nose disparagingly as he looked at Hiroaki. He must have noticed, as he stared back at Stewart.</p>

      <p>Realizing his mistake, Stewart cleared his throat with exaggeration. “...Excuse me. My throat was dry from nerves.”</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot glared at Stewart, and he averted eyes from his father in a panic. A tense air hung over the room.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Elsewhere, at the square just before Amande’s west gate, Aria aggressively lead her subordinate attendants, experienced soldiers, and adventurers against the crowded square of monsters.</p>

      <p>“There’s just too many.”</p>

      <p>No matter how many they defeated, the monsters kept coming in from outside the gate. There were simply too many. Aria grumbled as she calmly beheaded the orc before her.</p>

      <p><em>There’s clearly more than when the monsters attacked in the forest. I’d love to clear them all up at once with large-scale magic, but I have to be careful not to run out of magic essence. Those things are waiting at the back, after all.</em> She looked at the three minotaurs standing outside the gate.</p>

      <p>“Guheehee.” The minotaurs were enjoying the view from afar with unpleasant grins.</p>

      <p><em>But it’s baffling why they’re not invading into the city.</em> Aria furrowed her brows in suspicion. Just like Rio, she had doubts towards the actions the minotaurs were taking. However, while Aria had the same thoughts, she couldn’t afford to move as freely as Rio. At least, not until she defeated the three minotaurs.</p>

      <p><em>It’s a little risky, but I’ll have to move forward a bit more,</em> Aria decided boldly.</p>

      <p>“Captain Mattias,” she called out to a handsome male fighting nearby. He was in his late twenties and wearing higher quality combat clothes than the other soldiers, wielding a sword with a unique design in his hands. It was the enchanted sword Liselotte had temporarily lent him.</p>

      <p>“What is it, Miss Aria?” The man named Mattias cut down an approaching monster easily before replying in a flirtatious tone unsuitable for a battlefield.</p>

      <p>“It’s disconcerting how the minotaurs have showed no movement. Shall we leave this place to the others and head outside the gate to take care of them?”</p>

      <p>“...Just you and me?” Mattias asked, seemingly taken aback.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Aria nodded solemnly.</p>

      <p>“You serious?”</p>

      <p>“This is not the time to be making jokes.”</p>

      <p>“I figured. Well, if it’s an invitation from you, I guess so. Let’s do it. I wouldn’t want to exhaust myself here before facing those things last, anyway,” Mattias said breezily, shrugging his shoulders.</p>

      <p>Aria was about to reply, when...</p>

      <p>“Kshaaa!” The dark-skinned revenants that had been waiting outside the gate suddenly let out a screech.</p>

      <p>“Shaah!” The other revenants followed, all screeching one after another.</p>

      <p>Aria braced herself with her brow furrowed in suspicion. “...What’s going on?”</p>

      <p>“MROOOOOH!” The minotaur let out a tremendous roar, loud enough to echo through all the areas of Amande.</p>

      <p>“What? What is it?” Mattias asked in confusion.</p>

      <p>“Kshaa!” The twenty or so revenants suddenly started running towards the gate all at once.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Even Aria was taken aback by that. The revenants used their inherent physical abilities to rush inside the gate.</p>

      <p>“Bring those down no matter what!” Aria ordered with determination. And yet...</p>

      <p>“MROOH!”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the minotaurs moved too. With nimble movements unsuited for their giant size, they made a running leap over the gate and straight to the middle of the square.</p>

      <p>Despite the panic on her face, Aria voiced her orders calmly. “Attendants, take out the revenants! Everyone else, continue to concentrate on the goblins and orcs! Captain Mattias!”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Let’s do something about those big guys!” Mattias responded resolutely.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>At the same time, at the north ramparts of Amande, Lucius and Reiss were hiding in a back alleyway.</p>

      <p>“That’s the signal. I couldn’t hear any voices from the east, so I guess they were taken out,” Reiss muttered quietly.</p>

      <p>“It’s finally our turn. My body’s stiff to all hell now.” Lucius said, stretching lazily.</p>

      <p>“Let us hurry. It appears the decoy monsters will be eliminated faster than expected. The real show begins with you. I’m counting on you, Alphonse.” Reiss urged for their departure, looking at the black revenant standing near them.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Leave it. To me,” Alphonse said, nodding with a grin of delight.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>At the same time, Rio was moving towards the inn he had stayed in before. The monsters’ attack had begun when the surroundings were still dark, but now, the sun was rising and everything was much brighter. Citizens were still evacuating through the square before the inn, but there were much fewer people than before. The large numbers of soldiers directing the evacuation were gone too; it seemed as though the evacuation had proceeded smoothly. Then, just as Rio landed in front of the inn while surveying the area, the roar of the minotaur at the west gate echoed through the city.</p>

      <p>“MROOOOOH!”</p>

      <p><em>...The voice of the minotaur at the west gate,</em> Rio guessed correctly. The situation was changing by the moment, and it was possible that the roar just now was a sign of something worse to come</p>

      <p><em>I’d better hurry.</em> Rio thought, heading into the inn and towards his room with haste. But the door opened from the other side first, Aishia coming out to greet Rio.</p>

      <p>“Welcome home.”</p>

      <p>“I’m back, Aishia,” Rio replied with a smile; Celia poked her head out from behind Aishia.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back!” she said with a gentle smile of relief.</p>

      <p>“I’ve returned — sorry for making you wait so long.”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s fine... But how is it outside? I saw Aria heading towards the west gate from the window, but what was that roar just now...?”</p>

      <p>“The number of monsters at the east gate has fallen a lot, so it should be fine now. I believe the roar was a minotaur at the west gate, but if Aria’s there, then I think they’ll be well-matched.”</p>

      <p>While Aria was could handle multiple minotaurs and revenants at an equal or higher level of combat to them, there were just too many monsters at the west gate. So he couldn’t say anything too optimistic.</p>

      <p>“What do we do now?” Aishia asked.</p>

      <p>“I’m thinking of going on to assisting the defense of the city and having Professor and Aishia evacuate to outside of the city.” Not wanting to cause unnecessary concern, Rio hid the strange feeling he had about the monsters and told them his next actions.</p>

      <p>“Got it,” Aishia nodded immediately with no hesitation. Celia watched Rio’s expression and nodded anxiously.</p>

      <p>“...Okay.”</p>

      <p>“With the professor in a safe location, I’ll be able to fight to my heart’s content too. Can I ask this of you?” Rio addressed Celia with a troubled look. Having it put that way made it hard for Celia to refuse.</p>

      <p>“...Okay.” Despite the worried look on her face, Celia still nodded obediently.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. Please evacuate outside the south gate. It leads to open farmland, and there are no monsters there. I’ll accompany you partway — if the streets are empty, we can fly through the air part of the way.”</p>

      <p>“Yup, got it.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s get out of here.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>And so, Rio and the girls left the inn.</p>

      <p>There were even less people in the square out front than before, but evacuating residents could still be spotted here and there. They were hurrying along, cowering from the minotaur’s roar.</p>

      <p>“We should go too. This way.” Rio checked the sight of the evacuees before the inn and took a step towards south in order to lead Celia and Aishia.</p>

      <p>“Haruto, monster!” Aishia exclaimed with a gasp.</p>

      <p>“Kshaaa!” The revenant’s screech echoed through the square.</p>

      <p>“...Sorry. I was slow to realize,” Aishia apologized guiltily.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s fine. Your detection of them is purely intuitive. Take the professor and fall back to the inn for now,” Rio said. Thankfully, the revenants surging into the square had yet to notice their presence. However, there were people they had spotted. Just in front of them was a mother and daughter, running away from a grey-colored revenant that had targeted them.</p>

      <p>“Eek...!” They screamed, parent and child cowering in fear.</p>

      <p>“Rrrgh...” The revenant glared at the two with a ferocious look.</p>

      <p>The mother, around her thirties, collapsed as her knees gave out. “Ah...”</p>

      <p>“N-No! Don’t come closer! Go away!” The girl was around ten years old and stood before her mother resolutely.</p>

      <p>“Mireille, run away!” The mother called out to her daughter in a panic. An unpleasant possibility crossed the back of Rio’s head; he definitely didn’t want Celia to see this.</p>

      <p><em>This is bad.</em> Rio burst into a run on reflex.</p>

      <p>Using wind spirit arts to push himself forward and accelerate, he moved at a tremendous speed to close the distance between them in an instant.</p>

      <p>The revenant was sent flying by Rio’s punch. “Gufuh?!” It crashed to the ground with a loud noise and rolled.</p>

      <p>“Kshaaa?!” The other revenants in the square noticed the commotion. There were others besides the mother and daughter that had been targeted by the revenants, but all the revenants now had their attention drawn to Rio. There was a total of four of them, including the one Rio had just sent flying.</p>

      <p>“Over here!” Rio yelled to attract even more attention to himself, drawing his sword from the sheath at his waist.</p>

      <p>“Shaah!” With that, the revenants all attacked Rio at once. Rio charged towards the closest approaching revenant and thrust his sword through its heart, ending it in one blow.</p>

      <p>“?!” The other two froze in shock. Rio took that opportunity to close in on one of them, once more thrusting his sword through its heart with precision. Then, once he pulled his sword out, He turned back and landed a knee-kick into the abdomen of the other one approaching from behind.</p>

      <p>“Vuh...!” The revenant easily lifted into the air. Rio kicked off the ground and pursued its body in an instant, finishing it off in a similar single blow by stabbing it through the heart. All that was left was the one Rio punched away first.</p>

      <p>“Vurrgh...” Rio closed in on it instantly as it staggered back to its feet, and once again, stabbed it through the heart like the others to finish it off.</p>

      <p>He withdrew his sword. “...Phew.” With the mental fatigue kicking in, he sighed quietly.</p>

      <p>“...T-Thank you so much!” The mother that had been watching Rio’s fight in a daze snapped back to her senses after a pause and thanked him.</p>

      <p>“...No, I’m just glad to see you aren’t hurt. Can you stand?” Rio asked, approaching the mother and offering his hand.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’ll manage...” The mother grabbed Rio’s hand and hesitantly stood up.</p>

      <p>“T-Thank you so much, mister! Mom, are you all right?” Mireille asked, running over to support her mother.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine,” the mother replied, giving an awkward smile to reassure her daughter.</p>

      <p>“Mom? Mireille?!”</p>

      <p>Chloe came running in her attendant uniform. She stopped in her tracks when she spotted Rio, before her expression changed at the sight of the mother and daughter. They appeared to be family.</p>

      <p><em>Chloe’s mother. Hm? That means... she’s the innkeeper from back then, huh?</em> Rio realized the mother was the one who had managed the inn he had stayed in several years ago. He also recalled there was a little sister, though he had forgotten her name.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, why are my mother and sister...?” Chloe asked Rio in confusion.</p>

      <p>“We were being attacked by monsters when this man saved us! He was really strong!” Mireille explained proudly.</p>

      <p>“R-Really? Thank you for saving them!”</p>

      <p>“It was nothing... But why are you here, Chloe?” Rio asked. “U-Umm, because some of the humanoid monsters got into the city, so the others went to exterminate them while I was sent to report to Lady Liselotte,” Chloe answered with a troubled look. She seemed to be in a hurry, and her explanation was sparse. Just then, other citizens started gathering nearby.</p>

      <p>“Ooh, Li’l Chloe!”</p>

      <p>“Are ya hurt, Rebecca?”</p>

      <p>“Thanks a lot, boy. You really saved us.”</p>

      <p>Everything got noisier all at once.</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm... S-Sorry. I’m in a bit of a hurry right now. Could everyone here quickly evacuate within the north walls? If you inform the soldiers at the ramparts, I’m sure they’ll let you in.” In her rush, Chloe gave only essential instructions.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s right. Okay, you get outta here, Li’l Chloe! We’ll evacuate with this boy here,” A good-natured middle-aged man said, looking at Rio.</p>

      <p>“No, umm...” Rio had no intention of heading to the north district, so he found himself at a loss for how to answer.</p>

      <p>“Go send them off, Haruto.” Celia said, appearing with Aishia in tow. The two of them had cloaks on top of their clothes with hoods that hid their faces.</p>

      <p>“Cecilia...” Rio looked at Celia and frowned worriedly.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay — you don’t have to worry about me.” Celia said to Rio apologetically. The ramparts were right before them anyway; even if he were to go there, it wouldn’t take much time to reach the entrance.</p>

      <p>“...I understand. I’ll get going, then.”</p>

      <p>Rio steeled himself to head towards the gate of the north ramparts.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Rio and the others arrived at the rampart gate within a matter of minutes. There were soldiers waiting before the gate, but like Chloe had said, they were allowed inside without incident.</p>

      <p>“Phew, we can finally take a breather. Thanks again, mister.” Chloe’s little sister Mireille sighed in relief and thanked Rio once more.</p>

      <p>“It wasn’t a big deal. All I did was walk with you.”</p>

      <p>Honestly, all he had done was walk with them for the short distance between the square and the gate. No other revenants appeared along the way. From here onwards, it was the duty of the soldiers to protect them, so Rio’s job here was done.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me. Firstly, thank you for escorting the citizens this far. If I may so ask, are you perhaps Sir Haruto?” One of the soldiers guarding the rampart interior asked Rio.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, I am.” Rio nodded curiously, surprised his name and face was known by a stranger.</p>

      <p>“So it was you after all. We were informed of your party’s appearance, so it was easy to spot you.”</p>

      <p>“My party’s appearance?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The soldier took Rio aside and quietly explained things to him with a bashful glance at Celia and Aishia. “The truth is, Lady Liselotte has given us strict orders to escort you and your acquaintances to her mansion for shelter at the highest priority.” Celia and Aishia currently had their hoods lowered to speak with Mireille.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I see.” Rio had an idea what the soldier was talking about; after all, Celia and Aishia certainly had an appearance that drew attention.</p>

      <p>“I shall lead the way immediately, so please follow me. The mansion is the safest place right now, and both you and your acquaintances will be sheltered,” the soldier said with confidence.</p>

      <p>Rio glanced at Celia. While he was conversing with the soldier, Mireille and the others were being led away by another soldier.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for helping too, miss!” Mireille thanked Celia and Aishia politely before leaving.</p>

      <p>Rio hesitated for a moment, but soon nodded his head. “...Then we shall take you up on your offer. Please lead the way.”</p>

      <p>They had greatly swerved off course from his original plan to head outside the south gate, but it would be too unnatural to turn back now. Not to mention the possibility of encountering more revenants if they did. Taking refuge at the mansion was an acceptable alternative plan.</p>

      <p>“Understood. Please, follow me.” The soldier bowed respectfully before taking the lead.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>A short time later...</p>

      <p>Most of Liselotte’s personnel had relocated to the temporary command post in the garden, leaving the mansion essentially deserted. The only ones that remained in the mansion were those under heavy protection, like Hiroaki and the others.</p>

      <p>“This way.” A dark black-skinned revenant walked along confidently inside the mansion. Lucius followed along behind it. Further behind him were four less dark-skinned revenants, walking in obedient silence.</p>

      <p>“Sure makes things easier with a tour guide. Something impossible for the enhanced revenants.” Lucius bantered casually with no sense of tension at all.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. The guest room. Is beyond the corner. Of that corridor,” Alphonse huffed somewhat unhappily.</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Right, so from here on it’ll be your time to shine. Leave the princess unharmed. You can smack the hero around too, as long as you don’t kill him,” Lucius informed Alphonse without any particular concern in his voice.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Leave it. To me. I’m stronger. Than any minotaur. Right now,” Alphonse replied with his disjointed words.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Is that leftover intelligence you have left, or are you just broken? Well, whatever. Get going.” Lucius scratched his head before apathetically sending Alphonse away.</p>

      <p>“Is someone there?” A voice echoed from down the corridor, having picked up on their conversation. It seemed to be the knights on guard in front of the room.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, there is,” Lucius replied easily, showing no panic at all.</p>

      <p>“Who’s there?” the voice asked dubiously from down the corridor.</p>

      <p>“Oh no, it’s nothing. I’ve just got a little bit of business to tend to before making my way back. Don’t let it worry you.”</p>

      <p>“...Wait. Step out of there.” The presumed knight ordered down the corridor in a stern voice.</p>

      <p>“Good grief.” Lucius sighed in exasperation before walking forwards into the corridor. There were two knights standing on guard before the door to the room.</p>

      <p>One of the knights approached Lucius and questioned him. “An adventurer? Are you alone? You were talking to someone, no?”</p>

      <p>“Nah no one else. Feel free to go see for yourself.” Lucius assumed a cooperative attitude, standing to the side to make way and shrugging his shoulders.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Less than a minute later, <em>thunk</em> went the sound of something hitting against the door of the room Hiroaki and the others were waiting in.</p>

      <p>“...Hey, did you hear something against the door just now?” Hiroaki asked, staring at the door as he asked the others around him.</p>

      <p>“Indeed I did,” Duke Huguenot nodded, sending an order to the knights with a look.</p>

      <p>“Yes, sir.” There were four knights including Stewart guarding the inside of the room. One of them slowly moved to the door and opened it with a creak.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what happened?!”</p>

      <p>A pitch black fist came flying through the doorway. The knight was struck squarely in the face and sent flying towards the back of the room. Hitting several pieces of furniture along the way, he came to a stop with a loud crash.</p>

      <p>“Kyaa?!” Flora, who had been sitting nearby, couldn’t help but scream.</p>

      <p>“W-What’s going on?!” Roanna looked at the door in shock. “Ha. Ha. Ha.” The dark black-skinned revenant, Alphonse stood there and grinned eerily. Behind him were four paler black-skinned revenants.</p>

      <p>“M-Monsters?! How could they be here?!” The other three knights — including Stewart — drew their swords reflexively.</p>

      <p>“Go,” Alphonse ordered shortly.</p>

      <p>“Vaah!” His subordinate revenants screeched and charged into the room. “<em>Augendae Corporis</em>!” The knights chanted at the same time, but the one to two seconds it took for the magic to activate were fatal. The revenants closed the gap and attacked the knights before they could finish enchanting their physical abilities.</p>

      <p>“Shit!” The knights had no choice but to cancel their magic and swing their swords... but unfortunately, there was no way they could hurt the revenants without enhancing their physical abilities.</p>

      <p>“They’re rock hard?!” Steel-like skin deflected the blades of their swords.</p>

      <p>“Graagh!” The grey revenants went up one on one against the knights, grinning in delight. There were three knights and four grey revenants, which left one grey revenant and Alphonse free.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what is the security doing?!” Hiroaki suddenly shouted at the corridor, but no one came running to save them.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. Go.” Alphonse snorted in contempt, giving the order to the remaining revenant. It started running gleefully, charging into the back of the room to harass Hiroaki’s group.</p>

      <p>“Shit! Head for the door! Run!” Realizing they would be cornered rats at this rate, Hiroaki ordered Flora and the others beside him before running for the door in a panic. He wasn’t just a hero for show, as his movements were clearly inhuman in speed.</p>

      <p>“Eh, ah...” Unable to react on the spur of the moment, Flora was confused, but Roanna suddenly grabbed her by the arm.</p>

      <p>“Princess Flora, this way!” Roanna said and ran after Hiroaki’s lead.</p>

      <p>Thankfully, the knights were somehow managing to push back the revenants one by one. The room was spacious, leaving plenty of room for them to run between the gaps of the fights taking place.</p>

      <p>On top of that, the leftover revenant that charged into the back of the room was just cackling to itself in delight, showing no signs of attacking them.</p>

      <p>And so, as long as they managed to do something about the pitch black revenant camping before the only doorway in or out, they’d be able to get out. Duke Huguenot seemed to be thinking the same, following after Hiroaki behind Roanna and the others.</p>

      <p>Their only hope was Hiroaki and his secret hero combat abilities. He had technically been on par or above with the knights in their sparring matches before. While he was fairly agitated at the moment, unlike the previous battle, he was heading for the monsters himself this time. It seemed like he wouldn’t be useless from fear this time.</p>

      <p>“Move it! Come, Yamata no Orochi!” Hiroaki summoned his prided divine arms to his hand. With the beautiful blade in his grasp, he swung the sword at Alphonse, but Alphonse saw through Hiroaki’s movement easily and slipped right up close to him.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” Alphonse snorted, punching Hiroaki’s face with all his might.</p>

      <p>“Gwoah?!” Hiroaki was easily blown to the back of the room.</p>

      <p>“I’ve always. Wanted. To beat. This guy’s face in.” Alphonse cackled with satisfied laughter.</p>

      <p><em>I-It talked?! W-What is this?! What in the world is that?! It’s so creepy!</em> Roanna felt an instinctive sense of revulsion from the bottom of her heart at the fact the pitch black monster before her had spoken. Goosebumps crawled across her skin. The half-human-like shape of its body made it creepy already, but when it spoke human words, it was absolutely revolting.</p>

      <p>“P-Princess Flora, get behind me...” Roanna said. She believed it was her role as a noble to become the shield for royalty. Meanwhile, Duke Huguenot was recoiling in a bad state.</p>

      <p>“Kuh...” The knights were still fighting with the three revenants and unable to use their magic to enhance their abilities, so they were suffering quite a bit. Their breakthrough plan with Hiroaki had been flipped so easily, and there was nowhere left to run.</p>

      <p>“You’re next. I won’t. Let you off. Easy. Understand?” Alphonse looked at Duke Huguenot intently, mouth twisting in a sinister grin.</p>

      <p>“...What?” Duke Huguenot looked dubious. The capability to communicate meant there was a chance of mutual understanding. He suddenly wondered if they could obtain some kind of information.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha!” But there was no time to think about that. In a single bound, Alphonse leapt upon Duke Huguenot and pummeled his fist with just the right about of power held back into Duke Huguenot’s abdomen.</p>

      <p>“Guh. Gah... kgh...” Duke Huguenot collapsed to the floor, unable to stand the attack.</p>

      <p>“F-Father!” Stewart’s expression changed when he realized Duke Huguenot was being attacked. He frantically swung his sword, trying to brush off the revenant he was facing. Meanwhile, Alphonse grabbed Duke Huguenot by the collar and lifted him easily off the ground.</p>

      <p>“There’s still. More. Where that. Came from!”</p>

      <p>“Hah, kknhh...” Duke Huguenot struggled to breathe, writhing in agony.</p>

      <p>“Father! Move, you monster!” Stewart swung his sword desperately, moving the revenant in front of him out of his way. It let out a sinister cackle with a twisted grin.</p>

      <p>“...No, Father! Release me!” Stewart attacked Alphonse desperately. Alphonse lightly evaded Stewart’s attack before tossing Duke Huguenot to the side roughly.</p>

      <p>“Hee! Heehee! Oh, I know. I know.” With a pleasant smile, Alphonse turned back to Stewart.</p>

      <p>“Shit! Die, die!”</p>

      <p>“That. Won’t work.” Stewart swung his sword intently, but Alphonse’s inherently tough skin made his sword bounce off without a scratch.</p>

      <p>“...Princess Flora, you at least must escape.” Roanna slowly inched towards the door, whispering to Flora quietly.</p>

      <p>“Eh, ah... but you... but what about everyone?!” Flora’s expression changed with a gasp, showing deep disapproval.</p>

      <p>“The physical abilities of that monster are abnormal. It’s amusing itself right now for some reason, but we’ll all be wiped out at this rate. Even if we tried to run, there’s a high possibility we’d be caught before we can use any magic. So at the very least, let us become decoys for you to get away,” Roanna said, giving a hurried but organized attempt at persuasion.</p>

      <p>“N-No, I can’t! I can’t... that’s too...”</p>

      <p>“Please, I beg you. If you let this chance go...” Roanna looked at Stewart in a panic.</p>

      <p>“You monster! <em>Monster</em>!” Stewart had become desperate, slashing away at Alphonse, but it was clear that Alphonse was toying with him.</p>

      <p>“Gahah. Gahahaha!” Alphonse laughed loudly, mocking Stewart. The same went for the revenants dealing with the other knights. Alphonse must have inspired them, as they were similarly laughing as they dealt with the knights.</p>

      <p>“Damn it!” The knights facing them were pale and breathing heavily — they wouldn’t last long in this situation.</p>

      <p>This was the only moment Flora could get away.</p>

      <p>“Princess Flora! Princess Flora!” A voice calling for Flora could be heard down the corridor.</p>

      <p>“Oh! Princess Flora is safe! Please help her escape!” Roanna suddenly thrust Flora towards the open doorway with all her might. Then she stood in front of the door to block it from any pursuing revenants.</p>

      <p>“Kshaah!” The revenant at the back of the room started running towards Roanna.</p>

      <p>“Roanna!” Flora called Roanna’s name in a panic, still in her state on the floor. Then, a man appeared from outside the room, grabbing Flora’s hand and easily pulling her into standing.</p>

      <p>“Princess Flora, this way.”</p>

      <p>“L-Let go of me!”</p>

      <p>“I cannot do that. You must come this way.”</p>

      <p>Flora objected heavily, but the man led her away from the scene without listening to her protests.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Roanna used offensive magic to push back the revenants in the room.</p>

      <p>“<em>Photon Projectilis.</em>”</p>

      <p>A magic circle appeared at her hands, firing high-speed bullets of magic energy from its center. Roanna’s aim was precise and landed directly on the revenants that approached her from deeper in the room.</p>

      <p>“Guh?!” The revenants that were hit in the body by the bullets staggered.</p>

      <p>“There’s still more where that came from!” Roanna shot her bullets at the revenants facing the other knights. One shot, two shots, three — the bullets pummeled them mercilessly.</p>

      <p>“Ah. Was I. Hit?” While Alphonse felt the impact, he brushed it off with a tilt of his head.</p>

      <p>“?!” But Roanna didn’t falter; she continued hitting the revenants with her photon bullets.</p>

      <p>“Argh!” An annoyed voice laced in furious anger echoed through the room. Roanna flinched and unthinkingly cancelled the magic she had activated.</p>

      <p>“Ah?” The revenants attention was drawn in the direction of the angry voice. Duke Huguenot was collapsed on the floor, and the knights were exhausted. Which left —</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’m mad. I’m really mad now. Getting punched by those filthy hands of yours... Disgusting.” Standing there was Sakata Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“...You’re. Surprisingly tough. I hit you. With my full. Power.” Alphonse narrowed his eyes, impressed.</p>

      <p>“Die, you cockroach!” Hiroaki yelled, attacking the unoccupied revenant nearby. The revenant promptly assumed a guard stance with both its arms raised, but —</p>

      <p>“Guh?!” Its body was cleanly divided into two with a bam.</p>

      <p>“This is total shit. Just die already,” Hiroaki said, moving to slash at the next nearby revenant in succession. His speed surpassed that of the paler black-skinned revenant, allowing him to exterminate the second one just as easily.</p>

      <p>“Ugh, now I’m pissed off!” Hiroaki’s anger showed no signs of waning. He glared at the revenants with eyes full of loathing.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Hiroaki?!” Roanna’s eyes widened at the sudden change in the young man.</p>

      <p>“Move, Roanna! I’ll kill them all!” Hiroaki yelled, charging towards Alphonse. Roanna couldn’t stand it and escaped to the side of the room.</p>

      <p>“Grarh!” The remaining revenants attacked Hiroaki from both sides.</p>

      <p>“Shut up!” Hiroaki swung his sword with a ridiculous stance, cutting down the revenants in a single swing. His blade was exceptionally sharp.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Alphonse’s eyes widened in astonishment.</p>

      <p>“You’re next, bastard! Die!” Hiroaki charged at Alphonse — the final one remaining — and gave a great swing of his sword from afar. Then, an abnormal amount of water came jetting out of the blade.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>