<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 8: Daybreak Rondo</h1>

      <p>While Alphonse was punching Hiroaki in the face, Rio and the others were being escorted to Liselotte’s mansion by the soldiers on hand. The sight of Liselotte bustling about the garden to give orders soon came into view.</p>

      <p>“Lady Liselotte, I have brought Sir Haruto and his two companions,” the soldier called, hurrying to report to Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“...Haruto, I can feel the unpleasant presence of monsters from that mansion.” Aishia muttered, staring directly at the mansion with a severe look.</p>

      <p>“Eh?” Rio followed her gaze, but there was only silence around the mansion. There was no sign of any commotion going on around there, and neither Liselotte nor those around her seemed particularly bothered.</p>

      <p>Liselotte came running over to Rio. “Sir Haruto, I’m glad to see you and your two companions are safe.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, somehow...” Rio replied in slight confusion.</p>

      <p>“I heard you stopped the monsters at the east gate until reinforcements could arrive. Thank you very much for that. Unfortunately, though I would still like to talk to you more, this is an emergency situation. You’ll be safe inside the mansion, so please come this way. I shall lead you.” Liselotte must have been in a rush, as she immediately tried to lead Rio and the girls to the mansion.</p>

      <p>“...Did any monsters sneak in here?” Rio asked with a serious look.</p>

      <p>“Are you referring to the humanoid monsters? I did hear that some managed to get into the city, but with your assistance, my attendants were able to put an end to them outside the ramparts. I haven’t received any reports from the soldiers patrolling the ramparts of anything otherwise, either...” Liselotte answered, looking at Rio’s expression curiously.</p>

      <p>“I... see.” Rio frowned with a troubled look. Even if he told her there were monsters in the mansion, she didn’t have any reason to believe him. There was no knowing if she’d believe him even if he explain Aishia’s background too.</p>

      <p>“...Is there something you are concerned with?” Liselotte asked, sensing something was up.</p>

      <p>“Yes, there seems to be a strange aura coming from the mansion. Is there anyone inside?”</p>

      <p>“The hero and Princess Flora have taken refuge inside, and their knights are guarding them. I’ll send a servant to confirm.” Just as Liselotte suggested that, a tremendous booming sound echoed from the mansion.</p>

      <p>“Kya?!” Celia and Liselotte couldn’t help but scream.</p>

      <p>“That’s...” Rio immediately directed his gaze at the source of the sound. A giant hole had opened in the wall of the second floor, and a torrent of water poured out from it.</p>

      <p>“W-What?!” Liselotte said in shock. At that very moment, a hooded Lucius came bursting out of the mansion’s front door in a rush.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, coming through!” Kicking and struggling over his shoulder was none other than Flora.</p>

      <p>“Let go of me! Ah, there are monsters inside! Roanna, and the hero! Someone, please save them!” Flora said incoherently. She had been trying to escape the hold restraining her when she’d noticed the allies around her.</p>

      <p>“Didn’t I say I’d cut your legs off if you struggled?” Lucius hit the back of Flora’s legs with the side of his hand in a karate chop. Since Flora was being carried facing backwards, she mistook the sensation for a blade and let out a frightened squeak.</p>

      <p>Liselotte couldn’t understand why Flora was being carried like that, but she clearly sensed there was something bad about the situation and gave an order on the spot. “Someone apprehend that man!”</p>

      <p>“Nope! Too slow! The princess is mine! Try if you want, but you ain’t getting her back!” The speed with which Lucius was running was abnormal. He burst out of the estate grounds before the formation surrounding him was even completed. It was as though he was enjoying the chase. Meanwhile, Rio reacted to Lucius’ voice, eyes widening intensely.</p>

      <p>“Could that voice be...?”</p>

      <p>Rio’s heart thudded in his chest. It was similar to the low tone of the man’s voice that grated on his ears... A voice he would never forget. Rio wanted to run after him right away, but waves of pale black revenants were swarming out of the mansion’s front door.</p>

      <p>“Graaargh!” The revenants started attacking the people nearby indiscriminately, and pandemonium fell upon the garden in an instant. Furthermore, from the hole in the wall of the mansion appeared another, pitch black revenant — Alphonse.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” Alphonse leapt down and glanced over the scene in the garden. He snorted.</p>

      <p>“Kshaaa!” One of the rampaging revenants suddenly attacked Rio’s group.</p>

      <p>Rio drew his sword in a flash, thrusting it through the heart of the approaching revenant. “Gwah?!” it cried out.</p>

      <p>“...The three of you should stand back.” Rio said to Celia and the others behind him as his eyes followed Lucius’ retreating back with an extremely frustrated expression.</p>

      <p>“Go, Haruto.” Aishia said.</p>

      <p>“...Aishia?”</p>

      <p>“You’re upset, no?”</p>

      <p>Rio’s eyes widened at how Aishia had seen through him. “But...” Rio frowned as he looked at Celia. There was a great number of revenants. In a battlefield this chaotic, there was a chance Celia could be in danger too.</p>

      <p>“No, Haruto,” Celia said in a cool voice.</p>

      <p>“...Cecilia?” Rio’s eyes widened slightly.</p>

      <p>“Remember what I said to you. You need to prioritize what you think is right — no, what your feelings tell you to do. Though we’re in opposite positions, it’s a similar situation to when you saved me, no? I don’t want you to make that face because of me. You look like you’re suffocating right now,” Celia said with a sad frown.</p>

      <p>“...Okay.” Rio nodded with quite the guilty look. He wanted to act purely for his own sake right now, but he was feeling extremely reluctant about it, wondering if this was something that could be forgiven. However, he was the one who had said a similar thing when he pushed Celia out of the marriage she didn’t want.</p>

      <p>“It’s my turn to save you this time. Well, I can’t do much compared to you, but... <em>Terra Carcerem.</em>” Celia suddenly crouched down and placed both her hands against the ground, chanting a spell. A magic circle immediately appeared on the surface, and the magic activated with practically no delay at all.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>