<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: The Road to Amande</h1>

      <p>After that, the group made their way to the broken horse carriage.</p>

      <p>The carriage had been blown into the forests on the side of the road, completely overturned upon itself. Furthermore, the iron plating on the roof had been completely dented by the stone great sword, while several detached parts — including the wheels — lay around the surrounding area. It made the entire scene look like a wreckage.</p>

      <p>There were two horses that had been sent flying along with the carriage, but the attendants had already used healing magic to treat them and had led them back to the main road.</p>

      <p>Liselotte gazed upon the ruins with an uncomfortable expression. “How... does it look?” she asked Rio. To her amateur eye, it looked damaged beyond repair.</p>

      <p>“...I may be able to do something about this.” Rio replied as he looked around at the scattered parts of the carriage.</p>

      <p>“Right... of course. Wait, what?!” Liselotte was already nodding reflexively when she processed Rio’s answer in complete shock.</p>

      <p>Rio chuckled at Liselotte’s surprise. “While I can’t do anything about how terrible the carriage itself looks, fortunately the wheels and axles haven’t been damaged irreparably. If I make some temporary repairs, it should be able to hold on until you reach Amande.”</p>

      <p>Aria was pleased to see the rare sight of her master’s surprise and was smiling along softly. Chloe was also watching Liselotte’s expression as though she was witnessing a rare sight.</p>

      <p>Liselotte noticed their gazes and cleared her throat in embarrassment. “...That is... most fortunate indeed.”</p>

      <p>“Then I shall begin the repairs immediately. However, repairs of the metal roofing will be impossible to perform here, so may I ask for your permission to cut it off?”</p>

      <p>“Cut it... off?” Rio’s question made Liselotte tilt her head curiously.</p>

      <p>“The dent is blocking entry into the carriage and the weight of the steel may cause burden for the carriage itself. I believe it’d be better to lighten the weight, but if it is an issue I can figure something else out...”</p>

      <p>“No, no, that won’t be a problem...” Liselotte said, confused. While she understood his intention, she couldn’t figure out how he could perform such a task.</p>

      <p>“Then, please stand back,” Rio said, immediately beginning his work. Drawing the sword at his waist out of its sheath, he approached the overturned carriage.</p>

      <p>“?!”</p>

      <p>A flash. The steel roofing was cleanly sheared off from the body of the carriage, as though it had been sliced like paper. Liselotte and her attendants widened their eyes at the sight.</p>

      <p>However, the steel plate was too large to cut down all at once, so Rio repeatedly changed locations and swung his sword with skill. Once the steel had been completely detached from the carriage, Liselotte somehow managed to voice her thoughts. “...Your skill is truly impressive.”</p>

      <p>“It’s all thanks to this sword,” Rio answered, holding the dwarf-made sword out to show them.</p>

      <p>“You were controlling the wind with that sword in the battle earlier... That’s an enchanted sword, right? And one of an ancient artifact class...” Liselotte asked hesitantly.</p>

      <p>Enchanted swords were broadly defined as swords with sorcery embedded within them, but the precise definition referred to it being ancient sorcery — sorcery that couldn’t be reproduced using modern sorcery. Most people used the word in the narrower sense, but that didn’t mean the broader sense of the word wasn’t used.</p>

      <p>The abilities of Rio’s sword allowed him to cross swords with a minotaur head-on and fire a finishing blow in the form of a wind blast on par with higher class magic. It clearly deviated from what could be made with modern sorcery in the Strahl region. Thus, Liselotte suspected Rio’s sword was an enchanted sword in the narrower meaning of the term.</p>

      <p>However, enchanted swords of an ancient artifact class weren’t exactly an item in common circulation, and even if one was on the market, it wouldn’t be a price a commoner could afford. Even Liselotte only had a few to her name — one of which she had equipped on her confidant, Aria.</p>

      <p>“A close friend bestowed it upon me. I have been using it carefully,” Rio revealed partially, nodding without hesitation. He wanted Liselotte to misunderstand the strength he had shown in the earlier fight and attribute it all to the sword. While Rio’s sword did have sorcery within it, its true effect was to take the user’s spirit arts and wrap it around the sword. Incidentally, that effect also increased the power of the spirit arts.</p>

      <p>Rio had no intention of spreading the knowledge of spirit arts throughout Strahl, so it was more convenient for him to let others believe that he had been fighting with the abilities of the enchanted sword instead.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, is that so...” Liselotte’s eyes widened.</p>

      <p><em>At the very least, that means he’s someone who can be entrusted with that sword. What a mysterious person. But he’s personable, skilled, and he did save us. It would be rude to pry too deeply into him. I hope we can establish some kind of friendly relationship, though...</em> she thought.</p>

      <p>“All that’s left is to reattach the wheels and turn the carriage back up, then perform a final check for any other problems. It is not something you need trouble yourself with, Lady Liselotte, if you wish to return to directing others. They seem to be awaiting your orders over there.” Rio looked at the road behind them as he spoke to Liselotte. At the end of his gaze were several curious attendants watching them.</p>

      <p>When Liselotte noticed the attendants gazing at them from afar, she sighed quietly. “...Then I shall take my leave. I will leave my attendant Aria here, so please inform her if you need any assistance. Let’s go, Chloe.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, ma’am!” Chloe responded in a fluster, following after Liselotte. Just before they left, she shot an interested look at Rio.</p>

      <p>“I’m leaving the rest to you, Aria. If you need any more hands, don’t hesitate to ask.” Liselotte winked a discreet wink at Aria with those words before she left. It was most likely an order to analyze Rio while the two of them were alone.</p>

      <p>Aria understood her master’s intent with just a look. She nodded respectfully. “...Leave it to me.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>“What are you girls loafing around for?” Once Liselotte and Chloe returned to the main road, Liselotte sighed tiredly as she addressed the attendants gathered there. Cosette took a step forward on behalf of the rest.</p>

      <p>“We were waiting for your next orders, Lady Liselotte. The knights said they’ll be watching our surroundings and gathering the enchanted gems, and we finished healing the wounded people and horses. We’ve also finished collecting the scattered belongings,” she replied with a grin.</p>

      <p>“I see,” Liselotte replied, a sigh mixed into her voice. They had completed all the duties they were to do, she couldn’t really find fault with them. Then, a different attendant — Natalie — stepped forth.</p>

      <p>“Also, regarding the disposal of the great sword stuck in the road, the knights said they would handle that after the collection of enchanted gems... As it seems we lack the hands to move it ourselves.” Natalie glanced at the corner of the road as she gave her additional report. There, the minotaur’s stone great sword was stabbed into the ground. It was roughly three meters in diameter.</p>

      <p>“Right, we have to deal with that, too...” Liselotte recalled the earlier fight as she looked up the stone sword in a daze. In contrast, the attendant girls’ gazes were all drawn to the side forest where Rio was repairing the carriage.</p>

      <p>“Umm, that really was an impressive fight earlier. Did you manage to find out anything about him?” Natalie asked hesitantly, looking at Rio. Even someone as serious as her couldn’t help but feel curious about him.</p>

      <p>“That’s right! Who exactly is that ridiculously strong and handsome young man?” Cosette asked, brimming with curiosity. The other attendant girls also listened intently.</p>

      <p>“...Apparently, Chloe’s acquaintance,” Liselotte said nonchalantly.</p>

      <p>“Eh?!” Chloe hadn’t been expecting the sudden spotlight and flinched.</p>

      <p>“Hey, that’s not fair, Chloe. Don’t hog him all to yourself. Introduce us later,” Cosette replied, immediately closing in on Chloe, who just shook her head in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“N-No! By acquaintance, he just stayed at my family’s inn for a single night in the past, it’s not like we’re close enough for me to be introducing anyone!” Chloe shook her head in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Aww, really? I think that’s more than enough of an excuse to get close to him, though. Do you have any stories from back then? I want to hear more,” Cosette pressed, hounding Chloe for more details.</p>

      <p>“That’s enough, Cosette. You’re bothering Chloe,” Natalie chided her with an exasperated look.</p>

      <p>“Honestly, this is why you don’t have a single lover, you know?” Cosette sighed.</p>

      <p>“Wha — I don’t want to hear that from you! It’s not a matter of the more the merrier, you know?!” Natalie complained with a red face.</p>

      <p>“Okay, enough of that. No one wants to hear you two bicker all day again.” Liselotte put a stop to the two of them tiredly.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha.” The other attendant girls laughed in amusement. Cosette and Natalie exchanged a look before pouting in slight embarrassment.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Chloe’s attention was pulled toward Rio as he repaired the carriage in the woods. Her face seemed a little saddened, which made Liselotte notice her gloomy mood. “What’s wrong, Chloe?” she asked immediately.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no, it’s nothing, my lady.” Chloe shook her head awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“I know. You used to like him... am I right?” Cosette questioned with a teasing grin.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re wrong! That’s not what it is! And anyway, he doesn’t seem to remember me...” Chloe objected in a fluster, shoulders slumping dejectedly.</p>

      <p>Her words seemed to trigger even greater curiosity within Cosette. “Hmm... It looks like you’ll have to tell us more about what happened.”</p>

      <p>“Before that, you girls will distribute drinking water to the knights retrieving the enchanted gems. Then, do one more check for any more fragmented rubble scattered around the area,” Liselotte said, putting a stop to the chatter.</p>

      <p>“Okay, Grace’s group will prepare the water for the knights! That means I’m free to assist Sir Haruto if needed!” Cosette replied energetically, looking in Rio’s direction as she offered her help.</p>

      <p>Liselotte shook her head with a smile. “Absolutely not. You’ll only be in the way if you go. Now, get to work!”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Rio was repairing the carriage with very skilled hands. Since he didn’t need any help at the moment, Aria simply watched him work from the side.</p>

      <p>“...You really are most proficient at this,” she said, the tone of her voice revealing her complete awe.</p>

      <p>“I learned simple carpentry skills during my travels around various places,” Rio replied as he reattached a wheel to the body of the carriage.</p>

      <p>“That’s wonderful. You also showed incredible sword skills in the fight earlier.”</p>

      <p>“I’m just blessed with a brilliant weapon.”</p>

      <p>“You jest. While it is true your enchanted sword is impressive in itself, what I witnessed of the sword user were skills above that. That amount of ability is not something that can be achieved so easily. You must have done some substantial training, no?” Aria asked.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. I have made sure to keep up my training without fail ever since I was young. I saw that you have excellent skills yourself, Aria.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the kind words. I was scouted by my lady for my sword skills. Oh, do excuse me... I must be distracting you from your work with this conversation,” Aria apologized with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>Rio shook his head softly. “No, it makes for a nice change of pace. I do not mind continuing, if you are so inclined.” Just like how Aria and Liselotte were interested in Rio, Rio was also curious about Liselotte and Celia’s old friend, Aria. He wanted to talk to her while they were alone.</p>

      <p>“Of course, it would be my pleasure,” Aria agreed readily.</p>

      <p>“...Then, may I ask you something regarding what you said before?”</p>

      <p>Aria nodded. “Sure.”</p>

      <p>“Have you been working for Lady Liselotte for a while?”</p>

      <p>“You could say that. I believe it’s been about five years since I officially started working for her.” Aria replied as she reflected on the past.</p>

      <p>“Five years ago... That was before Amande went through its huge growth advancement, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. It was shortly before my master took on her position as Amande’s governor, right as the Ricca Guild was being established. Although we actually became acquainted before that.”</p>

      <p>Rio paused in his work for a moment and smiled pleasantly at her. “Then it sounds like you really are Lady Liselotte’s most trusted confidant.”</p>

      <p>“I would like to think that,” Aria said, a somewhat uneasy smile on her face. “Speaking of which, Sir Haruto, you mentioned that you visited Amande several years ago. Perhaps we have passed by each other before,” she said with a smile.</p>

      <p>“That’s possible. I only stayed for a single night, but when I visited again recently I was shocked to see how much the city had developed in only a few years.” Rio replied, resuming his work.</p>

      <p>“It’s an honor to hear that. Ever since being appointed as governor, my master has been putting her all into the development of the city.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve traveled through many places, but I do believe Amande is amazing. It has been such a pleasant place to visit, that I find myself stopping by more frequently as of late.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, is that so? If my lady were to hear that, she would be most pleased.” Aria bowed happily to Rio.</p>

      <p>“Then please, do inform her. I have especially been in the care of the Ricca Guild for all my shopping,” Rio said with a grin.</p>

      <p>At that, Aria smiled. “I will make sure to let her know,” she replied in her melodic voice. “On that note, if I may ask purely out of my own curiosity... have you been traveling for a long time, Sir Haruto? From what I can see, you still seem to be in your mid to late teens.”</p>

      <p>Rio thought for a brief moment before deciding to mix truth and falsehood in his answer. “...Yes, I’ve been traveling from the age of eleven. I am sixteen right now, so that would make my journey roughly five years long. I believe the first time I visited Amande was around four years ago.” Now that he had encountered Flora and the others unexpectedly, he added some fake points into his timeline, just in case.</p>

      <p>“From such a young age... I also became an adventurer at a young age, but I was a few years older than that. Actually, at the age of eleven, you wouldn’t be able to register as an adventurer, would you?” Aria asked, eyes widening slightly. The Adventurer’s Guild had a general rule that one had to be at the age of twelve or above to register as an adventurer.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Or rather, I still haven’t registered as an adventurer even now. It wasn’t something particularly necessary for me to travel around various kingdoms. That is why my main source of income was from liquidating the enchanted gems dropped by monsters I defeated along the way in the name of training,” Rio explained, revealing the fact he wasn’t an adventurer.</p>

      <p>The adventurer guild was an international organization established by consignment of each kingdom. The original goal of the establishment was to force those unfit for working in regular society into the short-staffed national defense, putting them indirectly under the management of the kingdom and making them do labor effectively.</p>

      <p>However, the international organization was in name only. While the organization headquarters formally did exist, its management was conducted by independent branches in each kingdom. The reason for this was each kingdom needed to dispatch their own official to supervise the branch operations, which made it impossible to cross national barriers.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, becoming an adventurer required registration at either the branch office or main headquarters, each with their own advantages and disadvantages. For example, joining a branch office meant restrictions against working under other branches (in this regard, joining the headquarters meant ability to move freely between branches).</p>

      <p>“...True, while joining a guild as an adventurer does grant benefits from the organization, it also means that your actions may also become restricted. I’ve heard of people who dislike that and choose not to become adventurers, too,” Aria said eloquently.</p>

      <p><em>Who is he? What is he traveling for? The mysteries keep growing deeper with him,</em> she thought at the same time.</p>

      <p>“That should do it. I’m going to move the carriage back upright now, so please stand back a little.” Rio said, having reattached the wheel successfully.</p>

      <p>“That must be difficult to do alone. Allow me to help,” Aria offered.</p>

      <p>Rio shook his head. “No, the physical body enhancement of this sword is enough for me to manage alone.”</p>

      <p>“All the more for me to help. I have also been entrusted with an enchanted sword from my master, so please leave it to me,” Aria said, refusing to back down. After being left here with the purpose of assisting, she didn’t feel it was right to leave everything to Rio.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be fine, so please continue to be on guard of our surroundings,” Rio said, holding his right hand out and placating Aria from taking action.</p>

      <p>“However...” Aria paused on her feet. <em>The knights have already been doing that for a while now...</em> she thought regretfully. She knew that Rio had to be more than aware that the knights were patrolling the area. That was why Aria thought he was probably offering her an excuse to take a break.</p>

      <p>After that, Rio held his sword in his left hand and swung it in a show of drawing out the sword’s power — when he was actually using his own spirit arts to strengthen his body.</p>

      <p>“Up we go.” Rio immediately dropped the sword and used both hands to grip the carriage firmly, lifting it easily.</p>

      <p>Aria’s eyes widened faintly. “...Splendid,” she complimented. The attendants and knights nearby on the road were also taken aback, their gazes stolen by the sight of Rio lifting the carriage.</p>

      <p>“All I did it was lift it up. It’s the enchanted sword’s doing.” Rio said to Aria, implying their reactions were over the top.</p>

      <p>“No, maintaining the enhancement after releasing the sword requires advanced control of your magic essence. And yet, you are doing that so easily.”</p>

      <p>When continuous sorcery like physical body enhancement was activated via magic artifact, it was generally quite difficult to maintain that sorcery after releasing the artifact. On top of that, the types of artifacts that required essence manipulation to activate the sorcery rather than a verbal spell chant tended to fluctuate erratically in performance. That characteristic was especially notable in ancient artifact class enchanted swords with high level sorcery embedded within. If the user’s control of magic essence was lacking, they wouldn’t be able to bring out the full potential of the artifact — in some cases failing to even activate the sorcery.</p>

      <p>While Aria could perform the same stunt as Rio now, when she first received the enchanted sword from Liselotte, she had to go through rigorous training to be able to use it fully. At the very least, she couldn’t do it at Rio’s age. It was proof that Rio had that high of a control over his magic essence, or so Aria had judged.</p>

      <p>“...Well, it has been two years since I started using this sword.” Rio said, gazing into the distant sky vacantly. While he had to adjust his story in order to hide the existence of spirit arts, in doing so he realized how much time had passed and felt nostalgic.</p>

      <p>“...” The impression Aria received from peering at Rio’s profile was both mature and childish at the same time, making her eyes widen with curiosity.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to check for any abnormalities with the wheels on the other side. If there are no other issues, it can be carried to the road,” Rio said, rounding to the other side of the carriage that had been facing the ground earlier. For a brief instant, he glanced at Aria’s face.</p>

      <p><em>Aria, huh. It’s the same name that the Professor mumbled earlier, so she must be the same person. She doesn’t seem like a bad person either. ...But for some reason, both her name and face feel familiar somehow,</em> he thought, feeling rather peculiar.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>In the end, the carriage was deemed to have escaped from any irreparable damage. Upon returning to the main road, Aria immediately reported to Liselotte, who was cleaning the area with the other attendant girls.</p>

      <p>“My lady, the emergency repairs on the horse carriage have been completed.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte’s expression brightened. “Really?! Wait, and you even brought it all the way here!” When she spotted Rio clutching a rope and towing the carriage behind him, she was slightly astonished.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for the wait,” Rio said to Liselotte, pulling the carriage onto the road.</p>

      <p>“...I do apologize, Sir Haruto, for making you transport the carriage after repairing it.” Liselotte bowed her head at Rio apologetically.</p>

      <p>“No — Aria also helped push from behind for most of the way. I borrowed the power of my enchanted sword, too, so it was much easier to handle than the attack from the minotaur,” Rio joked, shaking his head.</p>

      <p>“Why, how reliable you are,” Liselotte giggled. Cosette suddenly approached, politely offering Rio a wooden mug to drink from.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto, please accept something to drink.” It was brimming with a sweet fruit juice inside.</p>

      <p>“Oh, thank you very much for the offer. Erm...” Rio bowed, thanking her pleasantly but finding himself lacking knowledge of her name.</p>

      <p>“Do forgive me. My name is Cosette. I’m an attendant serving Lady Liselotte.” Cosette pinched the hem of her attendant uniform and curtseyed in an elegant manner.</p>

      <p>“Pff...” Liselotte and Aria, who were familiar with Cosette’s true form, were just barely able to hold back their laughter at the sight of her enthusiasm.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, Miss Cosette,” Rio said cheerfully, having not noticed the expressions of the other two twitching with laughter.</p>

      <p>“I would also like to thank you for what you did for us earlier. It may be impudent of me to speak out like this, but I wanted to convey my gratitude. Please forgive my rudeness,” Cosette said, lowering her head deep in a show of respect.</p>

      <p>Rio tilted his head with a troubled look. “It was nothing. And I am not a noble, so you do not need to act so formally with me.”</p>

      <p>“I cannot accept that. My master owes Sir Haruto her life. Now, I shall take my leave from here... Thank you for your time.” Cosette shook her head gracefully and bowed her head before turning. With that clear message conveyed, she turned and left with the grace of a swan.</p>

      <p>“Seeing Cosette and Aria, it seems all your attendants are very well-trained, Lady Liselotte,” Rio said in awe.</p>

      <p>“No, well... Thank you.” Liselotte nodded her head with a frown.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Shortly after that, the knights that were on patrol for enchanted gems and possible threats started to return one by one. Once the knights were rehydrated, Duke Huguenot came over as well; they decided they would attempt to move the minotaur sword that was obstructing passage through the road.</p>

      <p>“Now, let us move this to the side of the road.”</p>

      <p>“I was the one who threw it at the ground. If you would like, I could be retrieve it myself...” Rio suggested.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Wouldn’t that be a little too difficult for you to do alone? I believe catching it in the air and swinging it is a much different burden to lifting it off the ground...” Duke Huguenot stated logically.</p>

      <p>“Allow me to make an attempt first, then,” Rio said, squeezing the handle of his still sheathed sword and making a show of swinging it as though to draw out the enchanted power. He walked closer to the great sword, grabbing the stone sword that was several times taller than him.</p>

      <p>“...Hah!” With a small breath, he exerted his strength. The great sword that was pierced into the ground creaked as it started to lift up. After a moment, it was pulled completely free.</p>

      <p>“Oooh!” Cheers rose around Rio.</p>

      <p>“It’s dangerous, so please stand back.” Unfortunately, the blade was rather long, so Rio warned the knights and attendant girls nearby to be careful.</p>

      <p>Liselotte watched Rio with wide eyes. “...Could you do the same thing?” she asked Aria, who stood beside her.</p>

      <p>“I won’t know until I try it for myself, but... I believe it should be possible,” Aria replied quietly.</p>

      <p>“Oi oi, it sure is rowdy out here.” Hiroaki appeared from the carriage. Apparently all the noise had caught his attention.</p>

      <p>Flora spotted Rio holding the stone great sword and widened her eyes as she mumbled in awe. “...It seems Sir Haruto is carrying that sword.”</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Hiroaki’s eyes landed on the same scene. He stared at Rio gathering the attention with a rather indifferent look in his eyes. “Hah, I see...”</p>

      <p>Still carrying the great sword, Rio slowly walked over to the forest at the side of the road. The knights and attendants murmured to themselves as they watched him do so.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, great... Now they’re all in an uproar. Sure must be nice, being attractive. It’s like living life in easy mode, having people fawn over you just for carrying something heavy...</em> Hiroaki thought with an unamused face as he looked at the attendant girls fussing nearby. Even Liselotte was watching Rio with a look of awe on her face. Hiroaki found that fact the most unpleasant of all. In that time, Rio made it to the forest with the stone sword in hand and gently laid it down on its side in the forest.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki sighed exasperatedly. <em>I guess it’s time to show them the power of a true hero.</em> He set off, walking towards Rio casually.</p>

      <p>When Liselotte noticed that Hiroaki had alighted from the carriage, she called out to him. “...Hero?”</p>

      <p>“Just watch this,” Hiroaki said with a smug look, heading towards the side of the road where Rio was. Rio had just stood up after his work was done and was turning on his heel to head back. He noticed Hiroaki approaching and tilted his head.</p>

      <p>“Oh. Hello, hero. Is something the matter?”</p>

      <p>“I was just wondering how heavy that stone sword was. Just lend it to me for a sec.” Hiroaki smirked with a huff, grabbing the sword Rio had laid on the floor with both hands. With an audible grunt, he attempted to lift it up. Then, though he swayed uneasily for a moment, Hiroaki managed to hold the stone great sword up perfectly.</p>

      <p>“Ooh!” The knights raised their voices in a cheer.</p>

      <p>Roanna immediately got close, too. “Why, that’s splendid, Sir Hiroaki.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, it’s a little hard to carry because of its size, but I guess this should do it. It’s no big deal.” Hiroaki smiled smugly, full of confidence in himself.</p>

      <p><em>The way he holds his body is completely amateur, but his enhanced abilities show promise. If he has this much strength, then he’s probably stronger than the average knight, so it makes sense that he would be confident in his strength. But... is this spirit arts?</em> Rio analyzed to himself, eyes widening.</p>

      <p>“That is very impressive, hero,” he praised Hiroaki as he pondered.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha. Well, you’re not so bad yourself. Let’s go back.” Hiroaki lowered the stone great sword back to where it was and patted Rio on the shoulder before heading back to the carriage at a brisk walk. Roanna accompanied him. Her chest was puffed up proudly at all the attention gathered on Hiroaki. Rio’s lips upturned in a smile as he followed the two of them from behind.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki made a beeline for Liselotte and called out to her, obviously in a good mood. “C’mon Liselotte, let’s go. Get in the carriage. You too, Flora.” He included Flora as an immediate afterthought.</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes.” Flora replied first. Liselotte nodded respectfully, glancing at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Understood. Then, may Sir Haruto accompany us? We’ll be heading towards Amande next...”</p>

      <p>“I also have business in Amande, so I have no reason to object... But are you sure you want to let me in the carriage with you?” Rio asked, watching their party’s expression observantly. His social standing wasn’t appropriate to be riding with a hero, princess, duke, and two noble ladies. Normally, he wouldn’t even be permitted to ride with regular nobles.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to feel any kind of reservation. You did save all of our lives earlier, after all,” Duke Huguenot said, smiling merrily.</p>

      <p>“That’s right, Sir Haruto. We also wanted to give our formal thanks, so please, you are more than welcome to join us,” Liselotte said, bowing her head deeply.</p>

      <p>Rio tried to stop Liselotte in a fluster. “No, no, please raise your head, Lady Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, he’s right. Someone as great as you shouldn’t be bowing your head so easily,” Hiroaki agreed.</p>

      <p>“...Do excuse me for my behavior, then.” Liselotte said with a frown, looking at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Now, let’s get going already. Come on,” Hiroaki said, heading towards the carriage first.</p>

      <p>Thus, Rio followed Liselotte and the others to Amande.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Liselotte led Rio to the carriage; he hesitantly stepped inside.</p>

      <p>“...Excuse me.” The interior of the carriage was spacious and could fit eight people when seated together. There, Hiroaki, Flora, Roanna and Duke Huguenot took their seats first.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki looked at Rio entering late. “Well, have a seat,” he said with a pompous air.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto, please sit on this side,” Liselotte motioned to the highest remaining seat.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the hospitality.” Rio bowed politely before sitting down. Liselotte chose one seat down from Rio’s before sitting down too. It was the furthest from Hiroaki, who was seated in the highest position.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki looked a little displeased at being further away from Liselotte, but he crossed his legs calmly. “So who are you, really? A noble from somewhere?” he asked Rio.</p>

      <p>At that, Flora flinched. “Sir Hiroaki, asking such questions like that out of the blue... It’s rude to Sir Haruto,” she said to Hiroaki nervously, looking at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Oi oi, are you telling me we didn’t let him onto the carriage just to ask that? We should just cut to the chase for this kind of thing.” Hiroaki gave an exaggerated shrug of his shoulders.</p>

      <p>“H-However...” Flora watched Rio’s expression worriedly as she stumbled over her words. There was a proper manner and procedure for which such things should be done, so when those of higher status ignored the rules, it made it harder for others to speak up. That was how a society built on status operated, after all.</p>

      <p>With a faint smile, Rio shook his head to show he wasn’t bothered. “Please, there is no need to concern yourselves over me. It is true my background hasn’t been made clear to you.”</p>

      <p>“Well, from the looks of things, you’re just a swordsman traveling around while training your sword skills. A typical cliche setting, but that’s what makes it all the more suspicious. The guys outside were hasty to make a fuss about you, but I’d like to learn a bit more about your background before I trust you completely,” Hiroaki stated bluntly, addressing Rio. Meanwhile, Liselotte found herself fighting the urge to ignore their status difference and interrupt several times.</p>

      <p><em>...He’s basically declaring his distrust towards him. Isn’t that a bit too rude towards the one who saved you? Even if you want to ask more, there should be a way to go about asking politely. His manners are all over the place.</em></p>

      <p>But she had no choice but to stay silent; it would probably be best to thank him for the earlier fight at a later time without Hiroaki around, anyway. With that thought, Liselotte kept up the smile on her face.</p>

      <p>“Naturally, I don’t expect everyone to believe me so easily either... But unfortunately, I do not possess anything that can objectively prove my identity,” Rio said with a frown.</p>

      <p>“Well, the level of civilization in this world is what it is... If only you had something with a noble house crest on it, then you could prove yourself...” Hiroaki said, asking in a roundabout way whether he was a noble or not.</p>

      <p>“As I said in the beginning, I am not a noble. If anything, I am a mere wanderer, a nomad that travels without a particular kingdom to call home,” Rio said as truthfully as he could.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... So that’s why you’re traveling everywhere?” Hiroaki asked, looking at Rio doubtfully.</p>

      <p>“Yes.” Rio nodded curtly.</p>

      <p>“But doesn’t your speech and behavior seems to be rather educated for a wanderer?” Hiroaki asked, looking at Roanna. He had heard from her earlier about how Rio’s mannerisms didn’t seem like that of a regular commoner.</p>

      <p>“...I’m honored that you think so. But it is merely a life skill I picked up along the way. Because I am a wanderer, I have to endeavor to live peacefully with people no matter where I go,” Rio said with a respectful bow.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha. Well, you do seem to be able to speak well. I don’t know how nomads and refugees are treated in this world, to be honest, but... Actually, how are they treated, really?” Hiroaki asked those around him with a cheerful grin.</p>

      <p>“...It’s not that they’re a target of aggressive discrimination, it’s just that they may be treated as inferior to locals that live in the area. That’s why there are many people who do not feel any attachment for the land and end up wandering from place to place,” Duke Huguenot, the eldest present and most well-versed with the world, answered.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I see. So that’s how it is. Well, I get it... That’s a problem that exists in my world too. Sure causes lots of headaches. There may be talented people among refugees, but they can’t be treated with favoritism over the actual citizens of the nation. The more they stand out, the more the inferior locals will envy them, too,” Hiroaki said in comprehension.</p>

      <p>“You are most knowledgeable, Sir Hiroaki,” Roanna said with a breath of awe.</p>

      <p>“Eh, it’s no big deal. But I guess that does give some credit to your story about traveling around the world, more or less.” Hiroaki smirked smugly and looked at Rio.</p>

      <p>“...I appreciate your kindness.” Rio forced a smile on his face and bowed his head politely.</p>

      <p>“Well, you don’t seem like a bad guy. I suppose you can pass. At the very least, you now have a hero’s stamp of approval of being trustworthy.” Hiroaki laughed heartily as he spoke.</p>

      <p>“That is an honor indeed.” Once more, Rio bowed his head in a polite manner.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, outside the carriage where Rio was riding with the others...</p>

      <p>“Say, Aria. You spoke with Sir Haruto a little, right? What was he like?” Cosette asked Aria enthusiastically. At that, Natalie and Chloe, who had been walking nearby, also closed in on Cosette and Aria to eavesdrop on their conversation.</p>

      <p>Aria felt the curiosity of her subordinates as clear as day. “...It seems he is one year older than our lady, but he seems very calm and mature for his age. He mentioned that he has been traveling for years now,” she replied with a sigh.</p>

      <p>Cosette and Natalie were both veteran attendants too. Aria was their leader as the head of the attendants, but their long years of working together made them more akin to equal colleagues.</p>

      <p>“Anything else? Like his ideal woman or something,” Cosette asked further, expression brimming with interest.</p>

      <p>“There’s no way I could ask something so intrusive in such a short conversation,” Aria said with a tired look.</p>

      <p>“But that’s like, something you can observe when you’re close up to him, no? Does he look like the type who likes quiet and graceful girls, or bright and talkative girls?” Cosette continued with a teasing wink.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, I do not possess such observational skills.” Aria shook her head curtly.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, I’m not sure I believe that,” Cosette objected. “For example, doesn’t the hero seem like he would prefer girls that are meek and obedient? Of course, they have to be extremely attractive first, but still.”</p>

      <p>“H-Hey! That’s disrespectful... What would you do if someone overheard that?!” Natalie interrupted in a panic.</p>

      <p>“Oh, were you listening? Eavesdropping isn’t very nice of you,” Cosette responded bluntly.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>