<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter72">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Guh?!” Alphonse stepped back reflexively, twisting his body to evade the attack as he retreated into the corridor. Immediately, a torrent of water shot through the air. The blast of water pierced straight through the mansion wall, flying outside.</p>

      <p>“Y-You!” Despite Alphonse’s enraged fury, he continued retreating into the corridor.</p>

      <p>“Hold it!” Hiroaki promptly pursued him into the corridor, leaving Roanna and the other wounded men in the room. Once Hiroaki jumped out into the corridor, his eyes locked on Alphonse in the narrower space. He moved to launch another straight attack, but —</p>

      <p>“Goodness,” a flat voice said.</p>

      <p>“Ah?!” Hiroaki turned back toward the voice and instantly received a strong blow to the neck. His head was rocked violently, making him black out in no time at all. He fell to the floor heavily.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re...” Alphonse’s eyes widened in shock. Standing before him was Reiss. Sharp eyes looked down at Hiroaki from underneath his robe.</p>

      <p>“...You, outside. Your role here is over. Go with the other revenants and buy time for Lucius to flee from here,” Reiss ordered Alphonse coolly.</p>

      <p>“What? But...” Alphonse made to argue back.</p>

      <p>“Just go already,” Reiss said in a hollow voice, interrupting any rebuttal.</p>

      <p>“A-All right.”</p>

      <p>“Good. There should be interesting prey for you outside as well. Now, I must hurry,” Reiss stated, departing from the scene promptly. Meanwhile, Alphonse headed outside the walls through the hole Hiroaki had opened up. Then, one beat later, Roanna nervously stuck her head out of the room.</p>

      <p>“...S-Sir Hiroaki!” Upon noticing Hiroaki collapsed on the corridor floor, she hurriedly ran to him. However, once she saw he was breathing, she realized he was simply knocked out and sighed in relief.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Reiss was lurking around the corner of the corridor.</p>

      <p><em>Perhaps it was a mistake to call Lucius after all. While his abilities are exceptional, his ephemeral hedonism shows on his face as soon as he gets excited. He is more beast than man, really. The plan looks like it will work out, but at the cost of some needless headaches,</em> Reiss thought as he quietly watched Roanna’s face.</p>

      <p><em>That Alphonse too... The way he immediately ran to play in his excitement shows how far he is from the perfect specimen. Well, the base human was an imperfect creature to begin with,</em> Reiss lamented.</p>

      <p>“Well, he will be disposed of here. At least I’ll be able to measure the strength of the humanoid spirit and contractor before I leave,” he muttered before departing.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, a bit earlier, Flora’s hand was being pulled along by an unknown man.</p>

      <p>“Umm, please, please let go of me! Where are you going?! We have — We have to call for help!” Flora protested at the man forcefully tugging her along while looking at the room behind her with Roanna and the others. The man was wearing a hood, hiding even his profile.</p>

      <p>“Nah, that little lady’s already done for. She’ll be ruthlessly torn to pieces any moment now. If they weren’t playing around, it would’ve been over in ten seconds or so.” The man walking before her cackled in delight.</p>

      <p>“Y-You... Who are you?” Flora asked fearfully. At a glance, he looked like an adventurer dispatched to protect the mansion, but something was clearly wrong. She wondered if he was taking advantage of the commotion.</p>

      <p>The man suddenly came to a stop. “Nah, I’m not someone worth naming myself. But I suppose it’d be rude not to say in this position, so... Well, I’m human trash.” He faced Flora and temporarily removed his hood to answer with a grin, and Flora finally saw the man’s face clearly.</p>

      <p>It was Lucius.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm...” Flora stumbled for words.</p>

      <p>“Ah, it was so funny earlier, I couldn’t help but watch for a bit. The good old fashioned servant-master relationship of royalty and nobility is so beautiful to see. What a wonderful scene that was indeed. I almost wanted to ruin it.” Lucius chatted away in a somewhat worked up state.</p>

      <p>Flora was overcome with an indescribable fear and yelled in a panic. “S-Someone! Is anyone there?!”</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, so you want to call for help? Well, be my guest.” Lucius smiled pleasantly, speaking to Flora.</p>

      <p>“Y-You... What are you...?” Flora asked, clueless as to what Lucius’ aim was. Lucius had taken on a completely defiant attitude, making him seem so unnerving.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m here to kidnap you, actually. Though if I’m being honest, it doesn’t matter <em>how</em> I accomplish that, so I think I’ll have some of my own fun,” Lucius said indifferently.</p>

      <p>“...I-I am your target? And you are using this chaotic situation to kidnap me?” Flora asked with a trembling voice.</p>

      <p>“Well, to put it simply... yes. But bringing you back so easily like this is a little too boring. I’m going through all this trouble already, so I’m thinking of leaving my mark on you,” Lucius answered smoothly, grin on his face. Flora fell silent in question.</p>

      <p>“For example, the little lady who entrusted you to me. What kind of face do you think she’ll make when she finds out she made the wrong judgement? Just imagining it thrills me,” Lucius said in an extremely flippant tone.</p>

      <p>“...” For the first time in her life, Flora felt an indescribable sense of revulsion at the excessive wickedness in his words.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha. For now, just seeing that expression of yours is enough. And didn’t I tell you earlier? The little lady’s done for already.” Lucius’ mouth twisted in a grin as reality sunk into Flora with despair.</p>

      <p>“Ah — L-Let go of me, let go of me please!” Flora startled in alarm, trying once again to release herself from Lucius’ hold.</p>

      <p>“Yet again, you...” Reiss appeared, addressing to Lucius from behind.</p>

      <p>“Hey,” Lucius replied casually.</p>

      <p>“Stop dawdling here and move already. The humanoid spirit has already come to the mansion. It would be bad to face that head to head,” Reiss said, sighing tiredly.</p>

      <p>“Oh...?” Lucius’ eyes widened in interest.</p>

      <p>“Just so you know...” Reiss started saying.</p>

      <p>“I know, I know. I’ll head to the rendezvous point after this, so don’t worry. Just let me choose my own route, yeah?” Lucius said vaguely.</p>

      <p>“Go, then,” Reiss sighed once more, urging Lucius away.</p>

      <p>“You heard the man, princess. Come along now. Don’t put up a fight unless you want those beautiful legs to become severed.” Lucius put his hood on once more, then picked up Flora and threw her over his shoulder without letting in a word of protest.</p>

      <p>“Eek — Kya?!” Flora screamed, but was bluntly ignored.</p>

      <p>“Up we go.”</p>

      <p>Lucius proceeded to run down the corridor, disappearing somewhere. Moments later, Hiroaki’s rage caused a cannon of water to blow a hole in the wall.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>