<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Interlude: Let’s Make Uniforms!</h1>

      <p>Meanwhile, far, far away in the village of the spirit folk...</p>

      <p>It was the middle of the day. Latifa and Sendo Aki were accompanied by their silver werewolf friend, Vera, as they returned to the house they were living together in. There, they found a group of four older girls gathered in the living room — Miharu, Sara, Orphia, and Alma.</p>

      <p>“We’re home!” Latifa and Aki called out enthusiastically as they returned.</p>

      <p>“Welcome home,” the older girls all replied to them warmly.</p>

      <p>“Huh?! What are you wearing, Orphia?!” Latifa spotted Orphia’s figure and beamed from ear to ear.</p>

      <p>“Fufu, the clothes from where Miharu lived before she came here,” Orphia replied, turning on the spot to show off her entire body. She had a beige blazer, a red ribbon at her chest, a knitted sweater, a plaid skirt, and black knee high stockings on. Orphia was wearing Miharu’s high school uniform from Japan.</p>

      <p>“Uwah...” Latifa’s eyes were sparkling with awe.</p>

      <p>Vera gazed at Orphia’s outfit curiously for a moment, before brightening up with a friendly smile. “Wow, you wouldn’t see those clothes anywhere in the village. But it’s really cute!” Beside her, Aki was also enchanted by the sight of Orphia in a school uniform. After a pause, she offered her opinion with a beaming smile.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, the uniform really suits you, Orphia!”</p>

      <p>“Ehehe, thank you.” Orphia thanked her with a smile.</p>

      <p>“...Uni... form?” Vera tilted her head.</p>

      <p>“The clothes that Orphia’s wearing. In the country we were from, older kids would go to school wearing the same clothes,” Aki immediately explained to Vera.</p>

      <p>“That’s nice! Hey, I want to try it too. Can I please wear it, Miharu?” The fox tail Latifa was so proud of swayed from side to side as she pleaded at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Yes, of course.” Miharu giggled and agreed readily.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... But I think that size may be a little too big for Latifa?” Sara stared at Latifa’s body and commented her doubts.</p>

      <p>“Fufu. It was loose-fitting around Sara’s chest too, after all.” Alma said with a grin.</p>

      <p>“It was perfect height-wise! Unlike you, Alma!” Sara objected in embarrassment, but Alma brushed it off nonchalantly.</p>

      <p>“I am a dwarf, so I know I will be lacking in size in certain areas.”</p>

      <p>“Geez!” Sara pouted cutely. Miharu giggled in amusement at the exchange between the two of them.</p>

      <p>“Ah, then how about I lend you my uniform instead, Latifa?” Aki suggested.</p>

      <p>“Huh? You have a uniform too, Aki?” Latifa’s expression brightened at once.</p>

      <p>“Yup. I put it away in my room, so you can change there. Let’s go,” Aki said.</p>

      <p>“I’ll wait here in anticipation!” Vera remained in the living room with the older girls. Not long after, Latifa and Aki returned, and Latifa was wearing Aki’s school uniform.</p>

      <p>“...Ehehe, what do you think?” she asked with a smile, showing off her figure to the girls in the room. Aki’s uniform had a different design from Miharu’s, but it was also very cute.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>