<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude11">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Vera’s eyes sparkled, and she was the first to speak up. “Wah! It suits you so well, Latifa!”</p>

      <p>“Ehehe, thank you,” Latifa said happily. She was still a primary school student when she lived in Japan as Endo Suzune, so she may have admired the school uniforms of middle school and high school students.</p>

      <p>“Yes, you look great in it. Make sure you show Haruto too,” Miharu said to Latifa with a smile.</p>

      <p>Latifa nodded happily. “Yup! But I’d want Onii-chan to see all of us in uniforms together, if possible. We should make them, just like we did with the swimsuits!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? These uniforms, for everyone? But unlike swimsuits, there isn’t much use for them...” Sara’s eyes widened in surprise.</p>

      <p>Yes, this was a different case to the swimsuits. While the uniforms were cute, their appearance was rather different to the general clothes of the spirit folk village, so wearing them as everyday wear would make them stand out. However, Orphia was on board with Latifa’s suggestion. “I think it’s a good idea. I’m sure it’ll be fun,” she said.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I agree. We’ll only be showing Haruto, but I don’t think it’s a bad idea.” Alma didn’t seem to be against it, either.</p>

      <p>“Don’t you want to show Onii-chan what you look like in a uniform too, Sara? I’m sure he’ll be surprised!” Latifa asked, her smile clearly seeing through Sara.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...” When Sara imagined herself wearing a uniform in front of Rio, her cheeks reddened. For some reason, she felt unreasonably embarrassed about it, possibly because it wasn’t her usual wear.</p>

      <p>Orphia giggled teasingly. “Fufu, if Sara isn’t into it, we could make it for ourselves and show Haruto without her.”</p>

      <p>“Wha — H-Hold it right there! I never said I wouldn’t! I’ll make it, I’ll make it too!” Sara said in a fluster.</p>

      <p>Latifa and Vera exchanged glances before giggling. “Fufufu...”</p>

      <p>“W-What are you two laughing at?” Sara asked the two of them in a voice squeaking with embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Nothing!” they reacted innocently in sync.</p>

      <p>Miharu and Aki smiled while watching their exchange. “Ahaha!”</p>

      <p>“So that’s how it is, Miharu. Would you be willing to teach us how to sew once more?” Orphia asked.</p>

      <p>“Of course. I’d be happy to,” Miharu agreed easily.</p>

      <p>Latifa imagined all of them wearing uniforms and her face broke out into a happy smile. “Ehehe, I wonder if Onii-chan will be happy to see us.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’m sure he will! Rio really loves you, after all!” Vera declared firmly.</p>

      <p>“Yup, I know!” Latifa smiled with the most carefree smile. It was a face that knew fully that she was beloved by Rio.</p>

      <p><em>Latifa sure loves Haruto...</em> Aki thought as she looked at Latifa, feeling a little homesick. She was remembering her stepbrother, Sendo Takahisa. While she didn’t express her affection as directly as Latifa, Aki was aware she also had an unnatural attachment to her brother. That was why when she saw Latifa wholeheartedly adoring Rio, she often ended up thinking about Takahisa. Perhaps she felt empathy in the way she also adored her own stepbrother.</p>

      <p><em>I wonder if Haruto’s noticed Latifa’s feelings?</em></p>

      <p>No, it wasn’t only Latifa — Sara, Orphia, and Alma had the same feelings, too. They were strongly aware of Rio’s presence as a person of the opposite sex.</p>

      <p><em>But Haruto’s surprisingly dull about these things. He seems like a very serious person, but does he have anyone he likes? Maybe someone from this group? Or perhaps Aishia?</em></p>

      <p>Aki looked at the girls around her as she pondered.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>