<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword"><div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello everyone, this is Yuri Kitayama. Thank you for picking up <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24 - Sacred Flames of Darkness</em>.</p>

      <p>Thanks to the support of the readers and everyone involved, volume 24 was able to go on sale. I’d like to use this space to offer my sincerest gratitude.</p>

      <p>So, how did you all enjoy volume 24? As you would know if you looked back on volumes 10 and 20, <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> is a story that cycles through introduction, development, twist, and conclusion every ten volumes.</p>

      <p>Whether I continue at this pace or not, the cycle that started in volume 21 has reached its “development” as of volume 24. And in order to lead directly to the “twist,” I set off an extremely captivating bomb in the last scene of the epilogue.</p>

      <p>As written in the preview for the next volume, the subtitle of volume 25 will be “Our Hero.” I won’t say for what, but I’ve kept you all waiting a long time. Please predict whom “Our Hero” is referring to and look forward to volume 25.</p>

      <p>At any rate, in order to scatter foreshadowing for the future through volumes 21 to 24, I had to lavishly depict a story that could only be told in Rio’s absence. And so, I chose the person—the man—who would be most affected by that absence.</p>

      <p>With that in mind, I thought a lot about what <em>he</em> would most likely do if Rio didn’t exist. That result was volume 24, which shows how <em>he</em> changed his existing values. What would it take for someone to change a firm value of theirs? It can’t be easy to change—that’s what I concluded after gathering all my thoughts, resulting in the series of events that led to the volume being subtitled “Sacred Flames of Darkness.” I figured “he” would never be in the spotlight like this ever again, so I moved my pen with determination.</p>

      <p>There was actually a route where “he” was caught in a badger game, but that idea ended up shelved. If something similar ever happens in the web novel, I might try depicting that route instead. Sorry if I don’t.</p>

      <p>It’s been a while since I’ve received so many pages for the afterword—I can still write another page! And so, time for some advertisements.</p>

      <p>Let’s talk about the drama CD! That’s right, the drama CD! The drama CD version of <em>Seirei Gensouki </em>volume 24 is going on sale at the same time as the general release. I was in charge of the drama CD script again this time. Unlike the dark atmosphere of the main story, the drama CD focused on laughter this time around. Since Rio and the heroines couldn’t interact in the main story, people who would like to refill on Rio and the heroines flirting merrily should definitely listen to the drama CD. I think it was done very entertainingly (I’m confident about it).</p>

      <p>This one was titled <em>Professor Celia’s Exciting Magical Radio</em>, inspired by <em>Professor Celia’s Exciting Magical Classroom</em> by Futago Minaduki, who’s in charge of the comic version. As you can guess from the title, it’s an extraordinary story that deviates from the main story. But that’s why there are interactions between many different characters, and Sora’s there too! It is a drama CD, after all. You’ll be able to enjoy their conversation fully voiced!</p>

      <p>Finally, the <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> Exclusive Shop is opening in 2023 from August 18 to September 3 in Akihabara. Details are on Melonbooks’ official site and Twitter, so please come visit if you can!</p>

      <p>That’s all for this volume. Let’s meet again in volume 25!</p>

      <p class="signature">Yuri Kitayama</p>

      <p class="signature">June 2023</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>