<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Story</h1>

      <h2>Pajama Party with Three Reincarnates</h2>

      <p>Before Rio became a transcendent one, back when he still lived in the Galarc Castle mansion, Liselotte visited the mansion for a sleepover. That night, Rio was reading alone in his room when someone knocked on the door.</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“It’s me!” Latifa’s voice called back through the door.</p>

      <p>“You can come in,” Rio said with a gentle smile, closing his book and putting it down on the desk. The door opened and Latifa came in wearing her nightgown.</p>

      <p>“P-Pardon the intrusion.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte was with her. Like Latifa, she was wearing a nightgown too. There was a shy blush on her face, possibly because she was embarrassed at having Rio see her like that.</p>

      <p>“Liselotte?” Rio said, slightly taken aback.</p>

      <p>“Sorry to disturb you at this late hour.” Liselotte pinched the hem of her skirt and looked down in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“No, it was Latifa who brought you here... I should be the one thanking you for treating my little sister so well,” Rio said with a smile. “Please, have a seat on the bed.” There were no other chairs that they could sit on, so he invited them to sit down on his bed.</p>

      <p>“Okay!”</p>

      <p>“If you don’t mind...”</p>

      <p>Latifa made herself at home while Liselotte hesitantly sat on the edge of the bed. It was actually her first time visiting a man’s bedroom, so it was only natural for her to be nervous.</p>

      <p><em>This is the bed where Haruto normally sleeps...</em></p>

      <p>Once she sat down, Liselotte gently brushed her hand against the blanket. She felt awkwardly aware of the situation and blushed harder.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh! This is where he normally sleeps! Hiyah!” In order to ease Liselotte’s nerves, Latifa tackled her down onto the bed.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, Latifa!” Liselotte shrieked, red in the face.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. Isn’t his bed soft? Perfect for rolling on! And hugging!” Latifa rolled on the bed while clinging to Liselotte. The movement caused her skirt to shift dangerously.</p>

      <p>“Calm down, Latifa. Don’t cause trouble for Liselotte.” Rio awkwardly averted his gaze and scolded her.</p>

      <p>“Okay!” Latifa obediently stopped moving, but she remained on the bed with her arms around Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“Sorry about this, Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>“N-No, I’m sorry for making a mess of your sheets. And for lying down on your bed without asking...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry. I’m used to it. It isn’t much, but make yourself comfortable.” Rio took out drinks from the Time-Space Cache and placed them on the table.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>“I brought Liselotte here so we could talk before bed! Let’s chat together!” Latifa finally released Liselotte and sat back up to explain why they were there. Liselotte sat down beside her again.</p>

      <p>“I see. What would you like to chat about?” Rio sat in his chair and faced the two of them.</p>

      <p>“Since it’s just the three of us right now, let’s talk about our lives before we were reincarnated! That’s why I brought Liselotte over!” Latifa suggested, eyes sparkling in excitement.</p>

      <p>“Our lives before... All right.” Rio briefly had a distant look in his eyes, but quickly smiled and nodded.</p>

      <p>“Yay!”</p>

      <p>And so, that night the three of them discussed their past lives.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>