<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_2"><div class="main">
      <p>“There is no risk to her life, and her beautiful face will return to normal. I will heal her too,” Reiss said, casting healing spirit arts on Julia.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much...” Takahisa’s face crumpled from being on the verge of tears as he bowed his head deeply.</p>

      <p>“Please lift your head. As I said before we came here, I’m not helping you out of a pure sense of justice,” Reiss replied cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“I know. I’ll become the Proxia Empire’s hero, as promised. But there’s one last thing I’d like to do.”</p>

      <p>“What would that be?”</p>

      <p>“I want to free all the girls locked both above- and belowground and destroy this brothel. A place like this needs to disappear from this world. I won’t allow them to commit such atrocities ever again,” Takahisa declared with contempt.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>About ten minutes later...</p>

      <p>Dawn had just arrived, and there was still a dim gloominess to the sky. In the red-light district of the capital, a gigantic pillar of fire rose up. The flames engulfed only the high-class brothel Julia had worked at, swirling high enough to reach the sky. The fire was being controlled by Takahisa’s sword.</p>

      <p>“My, my...”</p>

      <p>Standing beside Takahisa, Reiss looked up at the flames with wide eyes.</p>

      <p><em>His awakening as a hero is progressing well after all, </em>he thought to himself, impressed.</p>

      <p>“Whoa...”</p>

      <p>In the nearby alley were the people Takahisa had evacuated from the brothel, as well as a large number of onlookers. They were all captivated by the fantastical sight of the burning flames.</p>

      <p>Takahisa was currently standing on the roof of another building, pointing his sword at the brothel in order to control the flames. Julia’s treatment was already done, and Nick was carrying her at the moment. Eventually, the building completely collapsed.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>Satisfied, Takahisa made the pillar of fire vanish. He then did the same to his Divine Arms, freeing up his arms to take Julia’s unconscious body from Nick.</p>

      <p>“I will ask you one last time. Are you really sure about leaving this nation?” Reiss asked.</p>

      <p>Takahisa stared at the castle with a distant look. “Yes. I have no place in that castle,” he spat bitterly.</p>

      <p>“Very well. Then please head to the Proxia Empire with Nick first. I have one last matter to attend to before I join you,” Reiss directed, staring at the castle as well.</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>“Lead the way, Nick.”</p>

      <p>“Of course, My Lord.”</p>

      <p>Nick and Takahisa distanced themselves from Reiss.</p>

      <p>“<em>Transilio</em>.”</p>

      <p>They used a disposable teleport crystal. Takahisa, Julia, and Nick disappeared, leaving Reiss alone.</p>

      <p><em>Now, I should go and dispose of the remaining hindrance.</em></p>

      <p>He flew up into the brightening azure sky.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>