<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: In the Holy City Tonerico</h1>

      <p>Around the time Fenris and the child were having their conversation in the depths of the labyrinth, Rio and Sora finished their search of the several-kilometer-wide eleventh floor.</p>

      <p>“There doesn’t seem to be a path to the twelfth floor after all,” Rio said after they met up at the entrance of the floor again.</p>

      <p>“Sora couldn’t find any path downwards either. Please accept Sora’s apologies.”</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing to be sorry for. If there’s no visible path, then either the path is invisible, or the eleventh floor is the bottom floor of the labyrinth.” Rio smiled at Sora gently.</p>

      <p>“Shall we try digging through the wall?” Sora asked, clenching her right hand into a fist.</p>

      <p>Rio looked around at the huge floor they were on. “If we’re going to dig, we need to be sure there’s a room on the other side. If we dig blindly, we could risk the floor caving in on us.”</p>

      <p><em>That being said, testing every nook and cranny sounds exhausting too.</em></p>

      <p>In order to know whether there was any cavity on the other side of the wall, they would have to send essence through it. However, on top of being several kilometers in diameter, the eleventh floor’s ceiling was several hundred meters high. Rio sighed at the thought of the daunting task.</p>

      <p>But the eleventh floor of the labyrinth was untrodden territory for mankind. Since they had come this far, they couldn’t turn back without carrying out a proper investigation of the area. There could still be a hint as to why the Wise God Lina had made the Dragon King reincarnate somewhere in this place where the Divine War began...</p>

      <p>“All right. Let’s use our spirit arts to check if there are any cavities on the other sides of the walls or floor. It may take a while, since it’s such a big space, but...”</p>

      <p>Thankfully, they could make camp by placing the stone house down, making it possible to search over multiple days.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need for the Dragon King to perform such tedious tasks. Leave it to Sora!”</p>

      <p>“I can’t let you do it all by yourself though. Let’s split up the area.”</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. I want to work on it together with you, Sora.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really?! Okay, then! Let’s do it!” Sora replied cheerfully, happy to hear that Rio wanted to work together with her. Thus, the two of them began their careful search of the eleventh floor.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in the depths of the labyrinth...</p>

      <p>“It seems they don’t know how to reach the twelfth floor after all. But they haven’t given up looking for it yet,” the white-robed child explained as they stared at the ceiling. It was almost like they could see exactly what Rio and Sora were doing. Just what could those eyes hidden behind that long fringe see?</p>

      <p>“The problem is whether they’re searching because they’re sure there’s a twelfth floor, or they’re searching because they don’t know if there’s a twelfth floor.”</p>

      <p>“Right. If Lina were the one who ordered them here, they would know how to get to the twelfth floor. If they give up like this, then it means they don’t know there’s a twelfth floor at all.”</p>

      <p>“That’s a good point... Either way, we can only watch for now,” Fenris said with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“I may be a shut-in, but you’ve got things to do. Right? You can leave them to me and return to your own job, Fenris.”</p>

      <p>“Things would be so much easier if I could...”</p>

      <p>“Hey now, are you saying you can’t trust your adorable little sister?”</p>

      <p>“You still don’t know anything about him. He wasn’t an easy opponent to deal with even before he became a transcendent one.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re worried I’ll mess up and ruin the plan. Hmph...”</p>

      <p>“Considering your personality, you’ll try to meet him as soon as I look away.”</p>

      <p>The girl in the white robe laughed without shame. “Aha ha. Don’t worry. I’ll make sure to choose the right location when that happens.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t tell me... Are you going to find him outside?” Fenris asked, eyes widening in surprise. It was rare for his little sister to step outside the labyrinth.</p>

      <p>“Of course. Going to see him in the labyrinth would just arouse suspicion.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Fenris made a contemplative face, reconsidering the suggestion.</p>

      <p>“Besides, it wouldn’t be that bad of a move to make contact with them outside the labyrinth, don’t you think?”</p>

      <p>“You’d be substantially weakened outside the labyrinth yourself, but...”</p>

      <p>“First you were worried I’d mess up, now you’re being overprotective of me. I guess you do love your little sister after all.”</p>

      <p>“Your presence is essential to our plan.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, we can go with that. So, how about it? Will you leave it to me?” The white-clothed girl looked questioningly at Fenris, who solemnly nodded. “Very well... You would indeed be more suitable than me.”</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided. First, let’s find out if he’s truly the same Dragon King as a thousand years ago.”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>