<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Sacred Flames of Darkness</h1>

      <p>The muffled roar of a fierce wind could be heard. A heat that made boiling water feel lukewarm surrounded him.</p>

      <p>Was he soaking in a pool of magma in hell?</p>

      <p>“...!”</p>

      <p>He tried to yell, but no voice came out.</p>

      <p>“...!”</p>

      <p>It was hot. It felt like both the inside and outside of his body were burning at the same time.</p>

      <p>What on earth was happening?</p>

      <p>He didn’t know. But he wanted to escape from this hell.</p>

      <p>Which was why Takahisa...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Underneath the brothel was a secret high-powered incinerator that ran on enchanted gems as fuel. The chimney for the incinerator’s smoke was connected to the chimney of the kitchen stove on the first floor, cleverly hiding the existence of the underground room while allowing the smoke to be carried outside the building.</p>

      <p>That secret incinerator was currently powered on, flames roaring loudly inside. The body of the boy Norman had just killed had been thrown inside. But in contrast to the climbing temperature of the flames within...</p>

      <p>“Mr. Norman was terrifying...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ve never seen him so mad before.”</p>

      <p>The thugs waiting beside the incinerator shuddered, goose bumps spreading across their bodies. They had caught a glimpse of bottomless insanity in the way Norman had punished Takahisa and Julia.</p>

      <p>“I don’t think I’ll be able to sleep well for a while.”</p>

      <p>“Was it really the hero that we killed?”</p>

      <p>“What if we get cursed for it?”</p>

      <p>A cold chill ran down the thugs’ backs as they spoke. Just then, a dull bang came from the incinerator.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>The thugs startled and turned to look at the incinerator.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What was that just now...?”</p>

      <p>“I heard it too. A sound.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t tell me... Are we seriously gonna get cursed?”</p>

      <p>“Stop it! It’s all because you brought it up!”</p>

      <p>The thugs were all frightened after assisting in the murder of a hero.</p>

      <p>At that very moment, someone appeared in the doorway of the incinerator room. It was Nick, the mercenary Norman had hired.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you guys.” Nick greeted the scared thugs with a casual wave.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Nick!”</p>

      <p>The thugs let out a sigh of relief at the entrance of a familiar face. The thugs in the room had all joined the organization in their early childhood and been raised within the group. To them, a mercenary from outside the capital was an outsider.</p>

      <p>However, Nick’s abilities, work ethic, and good-humored personality, along with the fact he had been directly scouted by the higher-ups of the organization, made him a trusted member among them.</p>

      <p>“What an unlucky day, huh?” Nick said to the thugs with a shrug.</p>

      <p>“Did you hear that sound just now, Nick?!”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t this bad?!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, what if the hero curses us...”</p>

      <p>The thugs had their guards lowered as they spoke to Nick excitedly.</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” Nick said, drawing his sword and walking inside. He swung it swiftly three times.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>The thugs that had been seated while chatting with each other fell from their chairs with no idea what had just happened.</p>

      <p>“I’m quitting the organization as of today,” Nick said plainly, looking down at their faces. After returning his sword to its sheath, he scraped out the enchanted gems being used as fuel in the incinerator and began the extinguishing process. Normally, one would wait for the fire to naturally die down, but...</p>

      <p>“<em>Procreo Aqua</em>. <em>Aura Flatus</em>.”</p>

      <p>He used magic that created water and wind to accelerate the process.</p>

      <p>“Goodness...”</p>

      <p>Nick retrieved the contents of the incinerator with an annoyed look: it was Takahisa’s body, which had been cremated to destroy evidence. Although he had only been in the incinerator for a short while, most of his flesh had already been burned to ash. However...</p>

      <p>“Ah...”</p>

      <p>Against all expectations, Takahisa let out a groan. Upon closer inspection, his burned body was already healing rapidly.</p>

      <p>“Is he seriously still alive? Damn.” Nick’s face twitched in disbelief, having watched Takahisa get stabbed through the heart so many times with his own eyes. That being said, he couldn’t just stand around; Nick retrieved a red essence crystal from his pocket and picked up Takahisa’s body in his arms.</p>

      <p>“<em>Transilio</em>.”</p>

      <p>He used the disposable teleport crystal and disappeared.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Immediately afterwards, Nick stood in the room of a commoner inn in the Galarc Capital with Takahisa in his arms.</p>

      <p>“Good work, Nick,” a voice praised.</p>

      <p>The voice belonged to the ambassador of the Proxia Empire, Reiss, who was seated in a chair.</p>

      <p>“As planned, I rescued him after the incineration began. I set the teleport coordinates for sneaking into that underground room perfectly.”</p>

      <p>“Wonderful. You have done a truly good job today. It was worth making you infiltrate the Galarc underground for this. Now, lay him down on this bed.” Reiss personally lifted the blanket and gestured for Takahisa to be laid down.</p>

      <p>“I know you said this would happen, but what the hell is up with his body?” Nick asked, looking down at Takahisa in disgust after laying him down.</p>

      <p>“It’s exactly as I explained. Heroes possess an astounding healing ability. There is a limit to it, but he won’t die from just this.”</p>

      <p>“This barely can be considered healing anymore... It’s practically resurrection.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” Reiss agreed cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“So, what happens after this?”</p>

      <p>“Of course, we’ll make him indebted to us. But the specifics will depend on his wishes after he wakes up.”</p>

      <p>“I was there when he was stabbed to death by Norman. Won’t he be hostile to me if he sees me?”</p>

      <p>“That shouldn’t pose much of a problem. You should return to the organization in the red-light district for now. Before you go, though...”</p>

      <p><em>The cremation advanced the assimilation a decent amount, but this is his first death. It should take some time for him to recover completely.</em></p>

      <p>Reiss observed the state of the unconscious Takahisa on the bed.</p>

      <p>“It’ll take some time for him to wake up. Let’s share the information we have first. Please report in as much detail as possible what happened at the scene and how he appeared to you.”</p>

      <p>He smirked as he looked down at Takahisa.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p><em>When was it?</em></p>

      <p>Sendo Takahisa questioned himself in his hazy consciousness.</p>

      <p>Oh, that was right. It was when he attended the Galarc Kingdom’s banquet. He had finally reunited with Miharu, Aki, and Masato in this world.</p>

      <p>“I want you all to come with me. I want us to all be together from now on. I will protect all of you. I’ll protect you all no matter what.”</p>

      <p>Takahisa had passionately declared he would protect the three of them. And Aki had accepted his feelings, but...</p>

      <p>Miharu and Masato had rejected him easily. For a man they didn’t even know, whom they hadn’t grown up with.</p>

      <p>Takahisa had felt envious of him. He had come out of nowhere, possessed the power to protect the two of them, and actually had a history of protecting them. That had made Takahisa extremely jealous.</p>

      <p>Even though the man was a murderer.</p>

      <p>“Have you ever killed someone before?”</p>

      <p>When Takahisa asked that, <em>he </em>had replied without any shame.</p>

      <p>“I have.”</p>

      <p>The answer was immediate.</p>

      <p>“So you’re a murderer...” Takahisa had muttered.</p>

      <p>“Indeed I am,” he had acknowledged readily.</p>

      <p>He was completely open about it. He didn’t feel any guilt or shame about being a murderer. He was the scummiest bastard.</p>

      <p>That’s why Takahisa had looked down on him and scorned him. He utterly despised him. He knew that they would never get along with each other, which was why...</p>

      <p>“Miharu won’t be happy being with you. It’d be better for her sake to be with me, the hero. I would be able to protect Miharu.”</p>

      <p>Takahisa had challenged him to a duel. As a result, he lost. He lost swiftly. No, he lost pathetically. It was an overwhelming defeat. One that had made him feel so bitter and frustrated... He felt like everyone was saying he was the one in the wrong because he had lost, which made him feel like he was going crazy.</p>

      <p>That was why he stubbornly refused to accept it.</p>

      <p>“You know, though, Lily. About the heroic power hidden within me. That my power can protect the people closest to me.”</p>

      <p>He had tried to win Lilianna over to his side by convincing her he had the power to protect Miharu and the others.</p>

      <p>“You just lost to Sir Amakawa moments ago. The special ability hidden in your Divine Arms is indeed powerful, but if someone as experienced as him faces you, then even a hero would lose. Please understand that. There are evil deeds in this world that cannot simply be dealt with through power too.”</p>

      <p>But Takahisa hadn’t understood the words of warning Lilianna had given him at the time in the slightest.</p>

      <p>“Even so, my answer is that I will protect them. We won’t reach an agreement like this, Lily,” he had said with the face of an ignorant idiot.</p>

      <p>His current self was painfully—and regretfully—aware of what she meant now.</p>

      <p><em>“P-Please, I beg of you... Please forgive Takahisa. I’ll do anything. You can make me a slave for the rest of my life. I’ll earn lots of money for you. So please, please...</em>”</p>

      <p>The sight of Julia rubbing her forehead on the stone floor was burned into Takahisa’s memory.</p>

      <p><em>“You heard that stupid woman say she’d earn us lots of money, right? But we were intending on working her to her death anyway, so that wasn’t even a bargaining point to begin with. </em><em>Y</em><em>et she believed she could negotiate by offering to work for money... Pfft. Ha ha ha ha ha!”</em></p>

      <p>The image of Norman grinning like the devil as he trampled on Julia’s feelings was similarly burned into his mind. He couldn’t forgive him. He could never, ever forgive him.</p>

      <p>But the one he couldn’t forgive the most of all was himself, for blindly believing he could easily protect the people important to him. For behind the foolish and pathetic person who had failed to protect Julia.</p>

      <p>He was pathetic. He was truly, truly pathetic.</p>

      <p><em>I... I couldn’t protect Julia!</em></p>

      <p>That was what frustrated him the most. Above anything else.</p>

      <p>He was so bitter and so frustrated.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Takahisa stirred on a bed he had no recollection of lying in. It was already close to sunrise.</p>

      <p>“Guh... Ugh... Uhhh...”</p>

      <p>He was aware he was crying out of frustration. Liquid poured from every orifice on his face. There wasn’t a single thought in his head about where he was, why he was there, or whether he was safe.</p>

      <p>He could only think about saving her.</p>

      <p>“Uuh... Wuuuh...”</p>

      <p>He had to go and save Julia. That was the sole thought in his mind as he sat up without even looking at his surroundings. He attempted to stagger out of the room like that, but...</p>

      <p>“Please wait. Where are you going?” Reiss, who had been reading in a chair, called out to Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...?” It was at that point that Takahisa finally realized someone else was in the room. He wiped his tears and looked at Reiss.</p>

      <p>“Never did I think you would leave as soon as you woke up.” Reiss chuckled, closing his book with a snap.</p>

      <p>“Who’re you...? Huh?”</p>

      <p>His words came out slurred. Come to think of it, Norman had snapped off several of his teeth when he kicked him. Takahisa touched his mouth as he recalled that, but to his surprise, all his teeth were present and aligned. The slurring had been because of how intensely he had been crying.</p>

      <p>“I’m the one who saved you, pretty much,” Reiss said with a smile.</p>

      <p>“I see... Julia... Julia...”</p>

      <p>Unable to think of anything besides Julia, Takahisa continued walking out of the room like a zombie.</p>

      <p>“I said to wait. I won’t force you to stay here, but how are you going to reach your destination when you don’t even know where you are? You mumbled something about a brothel in your sleep, but we’re not even in the red-light district right now,” Reiss said, questioning Takahisa’s awareness of the situation.</p>

      <p>“There’s a girl I want to save. I have to save her. I have to go...”</p>

      <p>At this moment in time, Takahisa didn’t care about anything unrelated to Julia’s rescue. It was possible he didn’t even know why he wanted to rescue Julia. He had no clear plan; he just wanted to act as quickly as possible and save her. That was clear from his actions and speech right now.</p>

      <p><em>He just returned from the brink of death, so he’s still in a vacant state. In that case... </em>Reiss discerned Takahisa’s mental state.</p>

      <p>“Very well. Then allow me to show you the way,” he said, presenting the very option Takahisa desired.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>“You wish to return to that underground room, yes? I’m offering to send you there. I can sneak you in instantly if I want to.”</p>

      <p>“Who are you...?”</p>

      <p>After a long pause spent on getting his sluggish thoughts back up to speed, that was the vague question that came out. Then...</p>

      <p>“How are you connected to them...?” Takahisa expressed wariness towards Reiss.</p>

      <p>Even without his thoughts working properly, he could tell the offer was too good to be true. Furthermore...</p>

      <p>“Why am I...?”</p>

      <p><em>Alive,</em> was the question Takahisa finally arrived at.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What about Julia?! Where’s Julia?!”</p>

      <p>A tint of sanity finally returned to Takahisa’s eyes. He remembered everything that had happened until he lost consciousness—and worried for Julia first and foremost. Then, he seemed to have a flashback to the injustice his mortal enemy Norman had committed against him and Julia.</p>

      <p>“U-Ugh!” With the face of an angered ogre, flames of resentment burned in Takahisa’s eyes. He would kill him. He wanted to kill him. He was prepared to do anything in order to kill him.</p>

      <p>“You can lead me to Julia, right?! Please! Take me there right away!”</p>

      <p>Even though he didn’t know who the man in front of him was, he asked for his guidance.</p>

      <p>“I shouldn’t be the one to say this, but shouldn’t you be trying to learn more about who I am first? I could be one of Norman’s allies, or this could be some kind of trap for you. I may even ask for something in return for taking you there,” Reiss pointed out.</p>

      <p>“I don’t care,” Takahisa said instantly.</p>

      <p>“Oh?”</p>

      <p>“As long as I can save Julia, I don’t care about anything else. If you want me to do something in return, just say the word. I’ll give you anything I can offer,” Takahisa declared with a steady look.</p>

      <p>“So you’re prepared to risk everything for a single goal. Rash, but I respect that kind of resolution in a man.”</p>

      <p>Reiss’s expression relaxed in awe.</p>

      <p>“Very well. I will bring you to the underground room of that brothel.”</p>

      <p>He offered a welcoming hand to Takahisa.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>