<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Return</h1>

      <p>Around the time Rio and Sora met Eru in the Holy City Tonerico, Celia was arriving back at the Galarc Castle with Aria and her mother, Monica. As soon as the enchanted airship carrying them landed in the harbor of the castle, Christina promptly arranged an emergency meeting with them.</p>

      <p>After Celia had delivered Christina’s letter to Duke Arbor, she had immediately set off for her home in the Claire territory to save her mother. The first half of her actions had been at Christina’s order, but the latter half had been entirely at her own discretion.</p>

      <p>Celia and Christina sat face-to-face in King Francois’s office. Francois, Flora, Monica, and Liselotte were also present at the meeting.</p>

      <p>“I sincerely apologize for acting of my own accord,” Celia said before anything else, bowing deeply.</p>

      <p>Christina let out a breath of relief before addressing Celia and her mother. “There’s no need for any apologies. Lady Liselotte informed me of the situation. I’m glad you’ve returned safely, Professor Celia. Lady Monica too. It’s a pleasure to finally meet you for the first time.”</p>

      <p>“It’s an honor to meet you, Your Highness. Thank you for all the consideration you’ve granted my daughter and our family,” Monica responded respectfully.</p>

      <p>“I’ve heard that you were born with a weak constitution. How are you feeling?”</p>

      <p>“There’s no need for any concern. I’m in perfectly good condition, especially after seeing my daughter again after so long.”</p>

      <p>“That’s good to hear. Now... Can you tell me what happened on your journey in your own words, Professor?” Christina asked, turning to Celia.</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>Thus, Celia gave an official report of the events that had transpired after she left the Galarc Castle as Christina’s envoy.</p>

      <p>As they’d all expected, Duke Arbor had set up a trap to capture Celia at the fort, but she’d managed to fight off his forces and escape to Amande. She met up with Liselotte there and sought her assistance, explaining the situation before leaving for Cleia along with Aria. When they arrived in Cleia, they encountered mercenaries waiting in ambush at her family home. Celia and Aria joined hands to successfully repel them, and...</p>

      <p>“After that, father remained in the territory and mother boarded the airship back to Galarc with us. It was all thanks to Aria that we were able to fight off the ambush at my family home. Liselotte, thank you for allowing Aria to come along with me.”</p>

      <p>Celia concluded her report with words of gratitude for Liselotte. Christina and Monica immediately gave their thanks as well, while Flora bowed her head silently.</p>

      <p>“I’m just glad you made it back safely. Good work, Aria,” Liselotte said somewhat shyly.</p>

      <p>Aria bowed. “It’s my honor.”</p>

      <p>“That aside... How in the world did you escape the fort, Professor?” Christina asked curiously, watching Celia’s face for her reaction. It wasn’t as though she doubted her—she valued Celia’s abilities as a sorcerer more than anyone else. But no matter how skilled a sorcerer was, their abilities were generally specialized in magic alone.</p>

      <p>Thus, it was hard to believe Celia had avoided capture in a closed space like a fort, surrounded by so many knights. Something out of the ordinary had to have happened. Liselotte had reported how Celia had left Amande by flying with magic, so Christina probably wanted to hear more about that. Sure enough—</p>

      <p>“The truth is, I’ve recently learned a new magic...” Celia revealed.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Roughly half an hour later, Celia was back at the mansion where Miharu and the other residents were staying.</p>

      <p>“Celia!”</p>

      <p>Everyone waiting outside the front door rushed over at the first sight of Celia.</p>

      <p>“I’m home, everyone,” Celia greeted them, looking a little taken aback. Everyone watched her as though they all had something they wanted to say.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>“I heard you were back, so I explained the situation to them,” Charlotte revealed with a grin. With that, everything made sense. Celia’s face twitched with guilt.</p>

      <p>And the reason was because she had decided to deliver Christina’s letter to Duke Arbor while being fully aware of the trap awaiting her. She had asked Charlotte to stay quiet about it to the others in the mansion.</p>

      <p>“The time limit on my silence was until your return. Since my promise came to an end, I told everyone without keeping any secrets.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte smiled at Celia as though to say, “You chose to walk into danger without telling anyone, so now you have to face their wrath.”</p>

      <p>“A-Aha ha... Umm... Well...”</p>

      <p>“Celia!” Latifa cried, latching on to Celia in a hug.</p>

      <p>“Suzune...” Celia hugged her back tightly.</p>

      <p>“Why didn’t you say anything to us?”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t want anyone to worry. It was my duty as a noble of the Beltrum Kingdom to go.”</p>

      <p>It had been decided in an agreement between the Restoration and the Beltrum Kingdom that the people of Count Claire’s family would serve as messengers between the two organizations. Duke Arbor had also demanded that Celia go to the fort alone this time.</p>

      <p>If Celia had ignored this demand and gone with someone else, she would have been in violation of the agreement. Duke Arbor would have had the perfect excuse to launch an attack on the Restoration—and to pursue liability from whoever had helped them along the way. It was why Celia had had to go alone, without relying on anyone else’s power.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t let Rio and Aishia protect me forever...</em></p>

      <p>And she didn’t regret that decision. Even if she were to do it all again, she would make the same choice. Certain of this, Celia didn’t have a hint of regret in her face.</p>

      <p>“Umm, I apologize for making you all worry. But I didn’t want to drag all of you into the mess of our kingdom once again. You’re all important to me, and I believed this was something I couldn’t rely on others for.”</p>

      <p>Celia apologized for causing worry, then conveyed her thoughts firmly. The others seemed to understand how strong her will was and swallowed their breaths. But that didn’t mean they could just accept it in their hearts.</p>

      <p>“Still, it wasn’t very trusting of you...”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. It’s great that you came back safely, but...”</p>

      <p>Sara and Alma frowned in vexation. They had probably wanted to go along with her.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. I’ve actually gotten a lot stronger while you weren’t looking,” Celia said cheerfully, hoping to clear away the heavy atmosphere. She clenched her fist and held her right arm up as though to flex her biceps.</p>

      <p>Everyone gave her a dubious look.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha...” Celia laughed awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, please scold Lady Celia more for making me keep quiet about everything,” Charlotte said with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“My deepest apologies, Princess Charlotte.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not something to apologize for. We have guests here, so let’s leave it at that. I’ll spread some half-truths later to trouble you, so be prepared for that,” Charlotte said, turning away in a huff.</p>

      <p>“Okay.” Celia nodded with a smile.</p>

      <p><em>Welcome back, Celia.</em></p>

      <p><em>Aishia... Hi, I’m home.</em></p>

      <p>Aishia chose that moment to speak while in her spirit form.</p>

      <p>“Now, who is this lovely lady over here? She looks extremely similar to you, Lady Celia,” Charlotte said, looking at Monica standing behind Celia. Incidentally, Liselotte and Aria had also come along with them after they left Francois’s office.</p>

      <p>“I am Celia’s mother, Monica Claire. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”</p>

      <p>Monica took a step forward and pinched the hem of her dress in an elegant greeting.</p>

      <p>“Huh?! M-Mother?! Of Celia?!” Satsuki raised her voice in shock.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Celia’s mother.” Monica nodded cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Y-You look like you’re in your early twenties...”</p>

      <p>Satsuki was seventeen, so she had thought Monica was just a little older than her.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, how flattering. But I’m easily over twice that age.”</p>

      <p>“Whaaat?!”</p>

      <p><em>No way! She’s gotta be kidding! She looks so young</em><em>—</em><em>they look like sisters!</em></p>

      <p>Satsuki looked between Monica and Celia with her jaw dropped.</p>

      <p>“B-But I can see the resemblance to Celia... So her youthful appearance was inherited from her mom...” she muttered to herself.</p>

      <p>“Pretty...” Latifa murmured in awe as she clung to Celia.</p>

      <p>Satsuki and Latifa weren’t the only ones like that. The others were similarly wide-eyed and taken aback by how young Monica appeared.</p>

      <p>“What a beauty,” Gouki accidentally muttered.</p>

      <p>His wife Kayoko shot him a cold glare from where she stood beside him. “Yes, dear?”</p>

      <p>Gouki cleared his throat awkwardly. “Aha ha...”</p>

      <p>Celia smiled bashfully at having to introduce her mother to everyone.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, so you were Lady Celia’s mother? I am Charlotte, Second Princess of the Galarc Kingdom. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”</p>

      <p>The first to regain their movement was Charlotte. She smiled in delight and amusement as she greeted Monica.</p>

      <p>“Why, I’ve heard so much about you, Princess Charlotte. Thank you for treating my daughter so well all the time.”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>