<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1"><div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in the Holy City Tonerico, Holy Kingdom of Almada...</p>

      <p>It was night, around the same time Takahisa and Julia were running into the inn. Pope Fenris Tonerico was shut in his office, sorting through the paperwork that had accumulated during his absence. There was no one in the room besides the pope, until—</p>

      <p>“Hey, big brother. I’ve come to give my report.”</p>

      <p>A young girl came inside through the open balcony door, breaking the tranquil silence. Her white outfit resembled the clothing affiliated with the temple, but the pope’s office balcony was located twenty meters above the ground. A sudden entry like this was quite the concern—how did she even get there?</p>

      <p>“You’re late,” Fenris said with a sigh, pausing his writing.</p>

      <p>“I went around the capital after talking to Rio. It was quite fun seeing the world on the surface after such a long time,” the small girl—Eru—replied, without any hesitation. She had called out to Rio and Sora in the city and spoken to them at the restaurant today. It seemed she had been exploring the capital ever since.</p>

      <p>“I see your tendency to come and go as you please hasn’t changed. Good grief...”</p>

      <p>“Not as much as you.” Fenris shot her an exasperated look, but Eru merely giggled.</p>

      <p>“So how did meeting him go?”</p>

      <p>“It was a success. First, he isn’t the Dragon King we know—he didn’t show any reaction to my face. So he’s either lost his memory, or he’s someone else with the Dragon King’s power,” she said.</p>

      <p>“So it’s as we thought...”</p>

      <p>“On top of that, he didn’t come here on Lina’s orders. I believe there’s very little chance of his receiving Lina’s orders at this point in time.”</p>

      <p>“What makes you believe that?”</p>

      <p>“He didn’t seem to know why he came to this land himself. He suspects that something happened here, but he doesn’t know what. It was more like he had come here to find proof <em>because</em> he didn’t know anything.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>Fenris stared into empty space and hummed.</p>

      <p>“If he’s wary of this land creating a problem, we should be fine to just let him be for now. Although I’d personally like to interact with him more.”</p>

      <p>“Please refrain from making unnecessary contact.”</p>

      <p>“I know. I’m just saying to keep leaving it to me if you wish to pry into his movements from here. Didn’t you have things you wanted to get done elsewhere while he was here? That’s why you came back for the golem, right?”</p>

      <p>“I still intended on staying here for a little longer...”</p>

      <p>Rio had left the Galarc Kingdom, scattering the combat power of his side. It was the best chance to take out all of his forces individually, but Fenris was hesitant. And the reason for that was...</p>

      <p>“Are you still worried about that girl?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Even without any orders, Lina must have foreseen him coming to this land.”</p>

      <p>Fenris suspected Rio had made preparations for this situation where he was away from the Galarc Kingdom with his forces scattered.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps that’s what she’s aiming for. Hinting at her presence to control her opponent’s movements is one of that woman’s devious tricks. How many times have we regretted sitting back and watching carefully?”</p>

      <p>“Right...” Fenris sighed heavily, as though to express how much he hated fighting the Wise God Lina.</p>

      <p>“Besides, there’s a limit to that woman’s precognition. There’s nothing she can do about helpless situations even if she predicts them. That’s why I think we should take the offensive and move how we want. Especially for plans that normally would have a high chance of succeeding.”</p>

      <p>“You’re being very encouraging today.”</p>

      <p>“Because it sounds more interesting this way, no?” Eru said, her smile full of curiosity.</p>

      <p>“Good grief...”</p>

      <p>“Besides, you’re about to mobilize the golem you’ve kept stored away so carefully for the past thousand years. I doubt anyone besides the transcendent ones and their disciples could stop that thing. If they could, it would be proof there are other transcendent ones or disciples besides the Dragon King out there. That’s why it isn’t a bad idea all round. You could even go all out and mobilize multiple at once.”</p>

      <p>“You have a point. If we’re going to be stepping on the dragon’s tail anyway...” Fenris hummed as though he had made up his mind.</p>

      <p>Just then, a knock came from the door of the pope’s office. Eru immediately retreated to the balcony with a shrug, not wanting the trouble of explaining her presence.</p>

      <p>“You may enter,” Fenris said.</p>

      <p>The door opened and his secretary Anna Mendoza entered the room.</p>

      <p>“My apologies for the late visit, Your Holiness. Someone has asked for an urgent audience with you. We would normally have turned them away at this ridiculous hour, but he was in possession of an article with your personal emblem on it...” the priest said with a shameful look.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Who is it?”</p>

      <p>Only a select few people were in possession of Fenris’s emblem. At the same time, there were only a small number of people aware that he had returned to the holy capital.</p>

      <p>“A mercenary named Nick.”</p>

      <p>Was it a coincidence? The name Anna uttered was the same as that of the mercenary hired by Norman in the capital of the Galarc Kingdom, currently investigating the death of the young master.</p>

      <p>“Is that so...? Tell him I would love to speak to him. Escort him to this room instead of the public audience hall. There will be no need for guards.”</p>

      <p>“Right away.” Anna bowed respectfully and left to fetch Nick.</p>

      <p><em>Nick should be undercover in the Galarc Kingdom capital right now. A report </em><em>with </em><em>this timing is intriguing. What will he have to say...?</em></p>

      <p>Fenris smiled in delight as he leaned back in his seat.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, at the mansion in the Galarc Kingdom, the same night Takahisa killed the young master...</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Unable to sleep, Ayase Miharu repeatedly sighed into the darkness. Naturally, the source of her woes was Takahisa’s disappearance.</p>

      <p><em>“I don’t like you, Takahisa. I hate you. I won’t be with you. I don’t want to be near you. Don’t show your face in front of me ever again.”</em></p>

      <p>The words she had said at the height of her emotions looped in her head.</p>

      <p><em>Was it because I said that to him? Because I slapped him...?</em></p>

      <p>Miharu looked down at the palm of the hand she had used to slap him and pursed her lips bitterly.</p>

      <p><em>“You’re in love with me, aren’t you, Lily? Aren’t you saying such horrible things for the sake of your kingdom, because you don’t want me to be with Miharu?”</em></p>

      <p>The moment she saw Takahisa verbally attacking Lilianna, she had been unable to hold back the anger overflowing from her heart.</p>

      <p>After all, Miharu had already informed Takahisa that she couldn’t reciprocate his feelings. So why had he been insulting Lilianna as though Miharu had responded to him? Why had he been speaking so badly of Lilianna? That was what Miharu couldn’t understand. She couldn’t forgive him for hurting Lilianna like that, and she couldn’t forgive herself for not rejecting him more clearly before. Before she knew it, her body was moving of her own accord and slapping him.</p>

      <p>It was the first time she had felt that much anger towards someone. She didn’t know what else she could have done at that moment, and she’d believed what she did was right at the time. But now that Takahisa had disappeared...</p>

      <p><em>What should I have done instead?</em></p>

      <p>Was it her fault she had rejected him? Should she have accepted his feelings? Would things have gone better if she had responded to his feelings? Just what would the right thing to do have been? Those were the questions Miharu pondered to herself.</p>

      <p>And that wasn’t the only thing on her mind.</p>

      <p><em>That dream...</em></p>

      <p>Miharu recalled the words in the dream she’d had just the other day.</p>

      <p><em>“You will have to make a decision at some point.</em></p>

      <p><em>“An extremely vital decision.</em></p>

      <p><em>“I highly recommend you choose the wrong choice.”</em></p>

      <p>In her dream, an unfamiliar woman’s voice had spoken to her. It was strange—it had definitely occurred in her dream, yet the memory was oddly vivid in her mind.</p>

      <p><em>Was the wrong choice to forgive Takahisa?</em></p>

      <p>Miharu seriously considered the advice she’d received in her dream. Did the woman in her dream know what would happen in the future? Was that why she’d given her that advice? If so, did she know where Takahisa was right now? If she could tell what would happen in the future, it wouldn’t be strange for her to know where he was.</p>

      <p>There was no end to Miharu’s questions.</p>

      <p><em>If I can see that dream one more time...</em></p>

      <p>Would she be able to learn anything?</p>

      <p>Although she didn’t feel sleepy in the slightest, Miharu went to lie down on the bed.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Before she knew it, Miharu was standing in a white world.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!”</p>

      <p>It was the same dream... There was no mistaking it. Miharu glanced around with a gasp.</p>

      <p>“You’re late,” a woman’s voice said from seemingly nowhere.</p>

      <p>“Ah!” Although she couldn’t see her, Miharu recognized the voice as the same one that’d spoken to her last time.</p>

      <p>“It’s your first time sleeping in two days, so you were knocked out as soon as you went to lie down,” the owner of the voice said to Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Unable to understand what the voice was telling her so suddenly, Miharu tilted her head blankly.</p>

      <p>“You didn’t sleep a wink after slapping him yesterday, remember? That’s why you were sleep-deprived today.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right...” Miharu nodded, taken aback by how the words meant she had been watched the entire time. But she soon snapped back to her senses. “Umm, do you know where Takahisa is right now?!” she asked the voice.</p>

      <p>“Cutting right to the chase, I see. Well, I guess you could say I do.”</p>

      <p>“Please tell me!”</p>

      <p>“I can’t.” The owner of the voice rejected Miharu’s request curtly.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Why not...?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not trying to be mean. The future that I know of isn’t something I can share with others to begin with. Doing so would break taboos and levy a penalty upon me, so it’s too risky. Well, there are <em>some </em>things I’m willing to risk the penalty for—but not this one,” the voice said, explaining the reason she couldn’t tell Miharu the future.</p>

      <p>Miharu’s expression indicated how much she wanted to know the answer anyway, but she didn’t say anything out loud. She held her silence in frustration.</p>

      <p>“More importantly, you seem to be confident that I know the future. You don’t think this is a regular dream, do you?” the voice continued, breaking the silence.</p>

      <p>“I do, but...”</p>

      <p>But what? Miharu herself didn’t know what she wanted to say and struggled for words.</p>

      <p>“It’s because you’re grasping at straws, isn’t it? Do you really want to know his location so badly?”</p>

      <p>“I do.” Miharu nodded immediately.</p>

      <p>“Didn’t you say you’d never forgive him? You never wanted to see his face again, right? Why do you care where he is?” the voice asked sadistically.</p>

      <p>“That’s...” Miharu was at a loss for words.</p>

      <p>“Is it because you didn’t think this would happen? Impulsive actions come hand in hand with regret, you know?” the voice pointed out as though she could read Miharu’s mind.</p>

      <p>“Yes...” Miharu nodded glumly.</p>

      <p>“You’re not the brightest, but at least you’re honest.” The voice sighed in disappointment. “The reason I can’t tell you his location is because it’s too late already. The future has already branched,” she explained.</p>

      <p>“The future has branched? And what do you mean by ‘too late’...?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The slightest decision has the potential to create infinite branches into the future. When you rejected him yesterday, the future branched into the most troublesome route.”</p>

      <p>“So when you said to choose the wrong choice...”</p>

      <p>“Yes, you had to forgive him there.”</p>

      <p>“Wasn’t that a little hard to realize...?” The warning hadn’t even come to mind back at that moment.</p>

      <p>“Like I said earlier, the future that I know of isn’t something that can be shared. In order to avoid the penalty, all I could do was give you a hint.”</p>

      <p>“Then you can give me a hint about where Takahisa is right now too,” Miharu suggested hopefully.</p>

      <p>“I will not.”</p>

      <p>The voice specifically answered with “will not” instead of “cannot,” curtly and bluntly. Pressured by the force of that response, Miharu swallowed back her next words.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to make that face. I also said this earlier—the future has already branched. I don’t need you taking unnecessary actions to make it branch even further in a worse direction. After all, I no longer have the power to see the future.”</p>

      <p>“So what will happen to Takahisa from here?”</p>

      <p>“Umm, hello? Were you listening to me at all?” the voice said, exasperated.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>“I cannot tell you the future so easily.”</p>

      <p>“Oh... R-Right. I’m sorry.” Miharu lowered her head in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Honestly, why does this woman have to be so stupid...” There was a clear tone of irritation in the voice’s sigh. Miharu held her tongue awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Well, whatever. I’ll just have to work harder to make up for how hopeless you are.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, time’s up. From now on, I’ll be choosing the memories you get to keep. I don’t want you making unnecessary decisions based on the information you gain from your dreams.”</p>

      <p>“You can’t—” Miharu tried to say something in a hurry.</p>

      <p>“Besides, there’s nothing I need to rely on you for in the near future anyway. If anything, this branch in the future means an event beyond your capabilities will occur.”</p>

      <p>“What...?” Miharu started speaking, but quickly stopped herself from asking what kind of event it would be midsentence.</p>

      <p>“At least you’ve learned a little. Keep showing me your intelligent side and I’ll rely on you again someday. Do your best.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, and one more thing...” The voice paused as though she had just remembered something.</p>

      <p>“I need to borrow your body for a bit,” she said out of the blue.</p>

      <p>“What...?”</p>

      <p>“There’ll be a big reward for you at the end, so look forward to it,” the voice said while Miharu was still dumbfounded, and Miharu’s consciousness cut off there.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>