<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2"><div class="main">
      <p>“E-Err...” Rio hesitated, unsure of what words to use to reject her.</p>

      <p>“M-Master Rio’s wife?! What nonsense are you on about, Eru?! What do you mean by that?!” Sora snapped back to her senses and yelled.</p>

      <p>“Well, Rio’s handsome, you know?” Eru said simply.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s...! That’s true, you’re right about that. You have good taste, at least.” Sora had been prepared to yell at Eru, but she instead ended up nodding furiously at the undeniable fact.</p>

      <p>“How could you catch hold of someone so handsome without uttering a single word of attraction? Don’t you think that’s rude to Rio?”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s...true? You may have a point...”</p>

      <p>To Sora, Rio was someone deserving of absolute respect. There was no way she could disagree with something complimenting him. Eru had seen through this and used it to her advantage, smoothly dampening Sora’s spirit.</p>

      <p>“Come now, you still haven’t touched your steak. Eat up while it’s still warm, or it won’t taste as good.”</p>

      <p>“S-Sora knows that! It’s all because you said something so strange! Jeez...”</p>

      <p>Sora sliced the steak with her knife and fork and carried the meat to her small mouth.</p>

      <p>“Wah... I’m so happy. This is bliss...” She smiled happily.</p>

      <p>Eru lowered her fringe again and grinned at Sora. “You make the food look even better with the way you eat, Sora.”</p>

      <p>Rio sighed quietly to expel his woes.</p>

      <p>“You can give me your response to the wife matter when you treat me to your paeja, Rio,” Eru said with a mischievous giggle, making it unclear how serious she was actually being.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha...” Rio laughed as his face twitched. Perhaps it was because he had broken out in a cold sweat, but the paeja he took a bite of to hide his awkwardness didn’t taste as good as before.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Roughly an hour passed. While there were moments during their meal that bewildered Rio, he continued to ask Eru all kinds of questions about the labyrinth after they finished eating. Once all those questions were answered, they paid the bill and left the restaurant.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for today. All of that information was really helpful,” Rio said, bowing his head at Eru.</p>

      <p>Eru shook her head with a giggle. “It’s fine, I had a lot of fun myself. I’m really glad I met you two today. I’d love to chat again like this the next time we meet.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah... Next time...”</p>

      <p>As a transcendent one and their disciple, Rio and Sora wouldn’t remain in Eru’s memories. They understood that better than anyone. Rio agreed with Eru with a sad smile while Sora peered up at him with a similar expression.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be okay,” Eru suddenly said.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to worry; we’ll definitely meet again. We’re friends now, aren’t we? That includes you, Sora,” she said, staring at the two of them.</p>

      <p>“R-Right. Yeah.” This time, Rio was able to smile positively as he nodded.</p>

      <p>“If I see you two in town, I’ll call out to you. Like I said before, I have confidence in my memory; I won’t forget your faces.”</p>

      <p>“I see. We’ll look forward to that, then.”</p>

      <p>“I will too. So let’s meet again, Rio, Sora.”</p>

      <p>Sora shrugged somewhat shyly. “Hmph. Sora will consider it.”</p>

      <p>“I’m not good at emotional farewells, so let’s just say goodbye normally.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. See you...” Rio turned to leave.</p>

      <p>“Say, Rio.”</p>

      <p>After they had each walked a few meters away, Eru stopped and called out to Rio’s back. When Rio turned, Eru continued.</p>

      <p>“The information I gave you today is based on the floors that mankind has reached. I don’t know what it’s like on the deeper floors.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...”</p>

      <p>“The various questions you have about the labyrinth... The adventurers of the Holy City challenge the labyrinth day and night in order to answer them. If you’re interested, you should go down the labyrinth and investigate yourself—to your heart’s content,” Eru said with a suggestive look.</p>

      <p>“Right. I’ll give it a go.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry for stopping you. It’s farewell for real this time. See you again.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah.”</p>

      <p>This time, Rio and Sora walked away from Eru. When Rio turned back later, Eru was nowhere to be seen. She had vanished into the crowd of people walking through the city.</p>

      <p>“That settles it, without a doubt...”</p>

      <p>Eru was one-sidedly observing Rio and Sora without their realizing it. She was hidden at the entrance to a blind alley, watching the two of them.</p>

      <p>“He’s a different person who possesses the Dragon King’s power,” she muttered with conviction. “But...”</p>

      <p>A thought seemed to cross Eru’s mind as she silently gazed at Rio with a distant look. Eventually, Rio and Sora resumed walking and disappeared into the crowd.</p>

      <p>“Now... I’m finally on the surface for once. I should go for a walk around before I go report to my brother.”</p>

      <p>Eru giggled happily as she disappeared in the opposite direction to Rio.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>