<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_1"><div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>There was a large underground space in the high-class brothel that Norman operated. It was connected to the other buildings in the vicinity, making it far larger than the area of the building aboveground. There were countless rooms that existed in this area besides the room Takahisa had been held in and the incinerator room. For example, there were rooms where brothel workers that couldn’t be placed upstairs due to special circumstances were confined, and rooms where illegal business was conducted with tight-lipped VIP customers.</p>

      <p>Presently, that underground facility was in an uproar. The reason was because of the multiple-murder case that had occurred in the incinerator room—and the disappearance of Takahisa’s corpse, which should have been burned to destroy evidence.</p>

      <p>In Norman’s underground office, the room’s owner and his subordinate thugs had gathered together.</p>

      <p>“God damn it! Is there still no news?!” Norman yelled angrily.</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry sir. We’ve searched the entire underground space, but...”</p>

      <p>But they had failed to find Takahisa’s corpse anywhere, the thugs reported while exchanging nervous looks.</p>

      <p>The thugs in the incinerator room were all dead. No one had witnessed anything. The corpse of Takahisa, who had been thrown into the incinerator, had vanished. There were no clues on who the culprit was, or where Takahisa’s body had gone.</p>

      <p>“He better not have been taken outside!” Norman was in an absolutely foul mood.</p>

      <p>“That should be impossible...”</p>

      <p>“There are guards at every exit.”</p>

      <p>“There were no customers that had any luggage on them today, and none of the organization members carried anything large out either.”</p>

      <p>There were multiple exits connecting the underground to the surface, and all of them had been guarded. If someone had carried Takahisa’s corpse out, they would have noticed right away.</p>

      <p>“Tch. What’s the meaning of this...?” Norman clicked his tongue in annoyance and pondered. If Takahisa’s corpse had been carried up to the surface, things would get problematic if the brothel he managed was suspected. He had finally been feeling better after killing Takahisa, but this turn of events had completely ruined his mood.</p>

      <p>However, no matter how vast the underground facility was, there was something strange about how a corpse could have vanished from a closed space. Norman pondered what the possibilities were for something to completely vanish without a trace.</p>

      <p><em>Was it a customer? No, whoever it was targeted that brat’s corpse and left. The culprit has to be someone within the group—someone who knows he died here. But why would they take the corpse? To hand him over to the castle?</em></p>

      <p>If that was true, then the one who would benefit the most would be the rival brothels in the red-light district. That, or a subordinate out to kick Norman down from his position.</p>

      <p><em>If it was someone within the group, would they be able to take the corpse outside alone? Could the guards at one of the exits be in on the whole thing?</em></p>

      <p>Once he had that thought, he suddenly found himself unable to trust the men in the room with him.</p>

      <p><em>I wanted to have my fun with her a little longer, but it </em><em>might </em><em>be safer to dispose of Julia sooner rather than later.</em></p>

      <p>Julia was still under the impression that Takahisa was alive, so she could pose a potential risk depending on how this case of the missing corpse played out. And so...</p>

      <p>“Continue searching the underground. I’m going to the room Julia’s confined in. You two over there, follow me. And... Nick, you come too.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>The underground room Julia was confined in was roughly five square meters in size. The empty room had nothing but a single bed inside.</p>

      <p><em>What’s going on out there?</em></p>

      <p>Julia worriedly watched the organization’s men rushing up and down the corridor through the iron bars of her door.</p>

      <p><em>Takahisa is safe, right...?</em></p>

      <p>The image of Takahisa being tortured by Norman flashed through her head. Julia hadn’t been able to see him since she was removed from the room.</p>

      <p>She hoped he was alive. She believed there was no way he was dead, but she couldn’t help the uneasiness that surged within her.</p>

      <p><em>I want to know what happened...</em></p>

      <p>Of course, she had tried asking her guard already, but he had just yelled for her to be quiet. Since her attitude was tied to Takahisa’s treatment, she had no choice but to be obedient for now.</p>

      <p>But just then...</p>

      <p>“Hey, Julia.” Norman arrived with Nick and two thugs in tow.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm. What happened to Takahisa?”</p>

      <p>“Do you want to know?” Norman asked back with a cold grin.</p>

      <p>“Yes!”</p>

      <p>“Then follow me. I’ll take you to the room he was in.”</p>

      <p>The bars were unlocked, and Julia left the room. Their destination was the room where Norman had killed Takahisa. It was a room used for interrogation and punishment, located a mere ten-second walk from the room Julia was being confined in. They swiftly finished moving rooms and entered the empty room.</p>

      <p>“Umm... Where was Takahisa moved to?” Julia asked, looking around.</p>

      <p>The room was roughly twenty-five square meters in area, making it more spacious than the room Julia had been confined in. The door was made thick for soundproofing, and no sound from the corridor could be heard once it was shut.</p>

      <p>“He died here,” Norman said casually, pointing at the spot where he stabbed Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>“I stabbed him through the heart and killed him here.”</p>

      <p>Julia was so shocked, she could only blink in stunned silence.</p>

      <p>“When I told him how you would die after you left the room so happily, he spent his last moments wailing incoherently without any teeth, sounding utterly pathetic.”</p>

      <p>“Ah... Aaah...” Julia fell down in despair.</p>

      <p>“What kind of man bawls his eyes out like that? It was pathetic to watch. I wish I could have shown you the moment he died.” Norman crouched down and sneered into Julia’s ear.</p>

      <p>“Liar!” Julia yelled, tears streaming down her face as she grabbed at Norman.</p>

      <p>“Shut up!” Norman punched Julia in the face.</p>

      <p>“...!” Julia rolled across the floor with great force.</p>

      <p>“The situation’s changed. Now that I’ve decided to get rid of you, I won’t be holding back this time. There’ll be no more healing magic. I’ll punch your face till it changes shape, then kill you. Or should I save your face for last and punch your stomach first?” Norman turned Julia onto her back and straddled her waist.</p>

      <p>“Mm... Ah...” Tears of frustration spilled from Julia’s eyes. She sobbed while blood dripped from her nose. But she was undaunted despite that, struggling to land a punch on Norman.</p>

      <p>“Annoying bitch!” Norman’s fist flew into Julia’s stomach.</p>

      <p>“Gurgh!”</p>

      <p>“Both you and that shitty brat are pests that need to die!” Norman continued hitting Julia’s stomach over and over again.</p>

      <p>“M-Mr. Norman!” A thug suddenly ran into the room in a panic.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Norman paused midswing and looked back at him.</p>

      <p>“We’re under attack!”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>A few mere minutes prior, in an empty room under the brothel...</p>

      <p>In a room devoid of objects and people, space distorted, and two people appeared: Takahisa and Reiss.</p>

      <p>“We’ve arrived. This should be a room in the underground space beneath the brothel,” Reiss said, looking around the room.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. Now...” Takahisa materialized his Divine Arms and marched towards the door without hesitation, Reiss following behind him. He threw open the door and stepped out into the corridor, and immediately came across thugs walking down it.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” They were first startled by Takahisa suddenly coming out of an abandoned room, but when they noticed the sword in his hand...</p>

      <p>“Who the hell are you?!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, there’s an intruder!”</p>

      <p>They drew their daggers and pounced on Takahisa with open hostility.</p>

      <p>A dark shadow fell over Takahisa’s eyes as he glared at the attacking men. He clutched the hilt of his sword as though he were trying to crush it in his fist.</p>

      <p>“Haaah!”</p>

      <p>Takahisa swung his sword, releasing hellfire from the blade. The flames shot forward several meters, filling the corridor and burning the bodies of the thugs.</p>

      <p>“Aaah!”</p>

      <p>Several of them writhed as they were burned by the flames, quickly spreading panic to those who hadn’t been burned.</p>

      <p>“We are underground, so it might be best to refrain from excessive use of fire. Save it for the most critical moment.”</p>

      <p>“Right... I wasn’t holding back my power as well as I thought I was. Sorry.”</p>

      <p>The fire seemed to have been more powerful than Takahisa had intended, as he apologized earnestly.</p>

      <p>“No, no...” Reiss shook his head and pointed a finger at the unharmed thugs. A bullet of light appeared at his fingertip before shooting out towards the skulls of the thugs.</p>

      <p>“Ugh!”</p>

      <p>“Gwah?!”</p>

      <p>The light bullets measured several centimeters in diameter and moved at a speed of several hundred kilometers per hour. They shot through their heads, shattering their skulls. The thugs hit directly fell straight to the ground.</p>

      <p>“I will support you to the best of my ability, so go wild.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you...” Takahisa’s eyes widened at Reiss’s abilities as he thanked him.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay...” There was still one man who was unharmed, and he had fallen on his backside. That was only understandable—all his comrades had either been burned in fire or had their skulls shattered in a matter of moments. They’d either been instantly killed or left on the verge of death.</p>

      <p>“Aaah!”</p>

      <p>“Waaah!”</p>

      <p>“It’s hot! Too hot!”</p>

      <p>These brawny men, who made a living out of violence, were screaming pathetically as they rolled across the ground. But even as he watched them...</p>

      <p><em>People like this deserve to die...</em></p>

      <p>With a completely worn-out expression, Takahisa looked at them with contempt, not feeling any guilt at all.</p>

      <p><em>Oh? This is quite the different personality </em><em>from </em><em>what I had heard.</em></p>

      <p>Reiss smiled faintly at the thought of how the incident this time must have taken quite the toll on Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what’s going on?!”</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!”</p>

      <p>The new reinforcements that came running spotted their burning comrades and were rendered speechless. Reiss immediately shot his light bullets through their skulls too, silencing them.</p>

      <p>“E-Eek...”</p>

      <p>The man on his backside desperately tried to back away from Takahisa and Reiss, unable to stand up. Takahisa went up to him and grabbed him roughly by the collar.</p>

      <p>“Hey, where is Julia?”</p>

      <p>“Guh... Ugh...”</p>

      <p>The man was sweating profusely and groaning in pain.</p>

      <p>“Answer me! Where is Julia?!”</p>

      <p>“Ugh! S-Stop, please!”</p>

      <p>“Answer the question!”</p>

      <p>Takahisa easily lifted the man who weighed over ninety kilograms by the collar and slammed him into the wall. As someone who had never used any violence in his life before, Takahisa showed no moderation in the strength he was using now.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha... N-Norman! Mr. Norman took her away! Over there, on the right!” The man pointed down the corridor.</p>

      <p>“Norman?!” Takahisa channeled even more hatred into his hands.</p>

      <p>“S-Stop, don’t kill me!”</p>

      <p>“Stop? Don’t kill you?”</p>

      <p>What was this scum saying after all the harm he had done to others? After locking up a girl in a place like this?</p>

      <p>“Shut your mouth...!” Takahisa yelled, strongly pushing the man’s body into the wall while still holding him by the collar. That seemed to apply a considerable amount of pressure, as the sensation of the wall and the man’s flesh and bones being crushed together could be felt.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” The man’s body, which had been tensed up in fear, lost its strength.</p>

      <p>“It seems Miss Julia is over there.” Reiss pointed in the direction they were headed next.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>Without a glance at the corpses littering the floor, Takahisa headed to Julia’s rescue. He frowned at the girls locked behind iron-bar doors that he passed on the way, but he headed straight for his destination, prioritizing Julia’s rescue.</p>

      <p>Reiss’s bullets of light took out all the thugs they encountered before they could attack them. There was one man who ran to the room Norman was beating Julia in.</p>

      <p>“M-Mr. Norman! We’re under attack! Gah!”</p>

      <p>As soon as he gave his report, Reiss’s light bullet struck him in the back of the head.</p>

      <p>“Looks like that’s the room.”</p>

      <p>“Julia!” Takahisa ran, charging into the room.</p>

      <p>“Y-You... How are you alive?” Norman’s eyes were wide in shock. Takahisa, whom he was sure he had killed by stabbing him through the heart multiple times, had rushed in looking the picture of health. He had never expected him to come back to life just because his corpse had gone missing. There was no way he wouldn’t be astonished.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Taka...hisa...”</p>

      <p>Straddled by Norman, Julia’s nose was bleeding and tears were streaming down her swollen face.</p>

      <p>“NORMAAAN!”</p>

      <p>Takahisa roared with hatred as soon as he saw the state that Julia was in.</p>

      <p>“G-Get away! Don’t you care about what happens to her?!” Frightened, Norman quickly grabbed Julia as a hostage.</p>

      <p>“Let go of Julia!”</p>

      <p>“L-Like I’d do that! You guys, get him!” Norman adjusted his position and lifted Julia up, then ordered his subordinates to attack.</p>

      <p>“Guh!”</p>

      <p>The thugs drew their daggers, but Takahisa approached the thugs first, swinging his Divine Arms.</p>

      <p>“Haaah!” The sword, swung with enhanced physical strength, easily separated the first man’s body into two.</p>

      <p>“Ack!” The other thug cowered in fear, but Takahisa immediately cut him down too. With this, the only guard Norman had left was Nick.</p>

      <p>“F-Freeze! Don’t move! Or I really will kill this woman! What are you doing, Nick?! Hurry and get...!” Norman yelled at Nick as he pulled Julia close to him.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Mr. Norman.” Nick attacked Norman with his bare hands from behind, pulling him away from Julia.</p>

      <p>Norman fell on his backside and yelled, “H-Hey! What are you—?!”</p>

      <p>“He’s one of our comrades. Don’t attack him,” Reiss said to Takahisa, stopping him from attacking Nick.</p>

      <p>“H-Hah? Nick, you traitor!”</p>

      <p>It was at this moment that Norman finally realized Nick was the traitor; he was astounded. Seeing as he had already assumed there was an internal traitor, he had naturally considered the possibility of said traitor being Nick; however, he hadn’t been sure. He couldn’t have expected to be betrayed with this timing, and his expression showed how he was plunged into despair.</p>

      <p>“My contract with you ends today. <em>Cura.</em>”</p>

      <p>Nick picked up Julia and walked over to the side of the room with Takahisa and Reiss. He then used healing magic on her face. It didn’t close her wounds instantly, but healing light covered her face. That was enough for Takahisa to trust Nick for the moment.</p>

      <p>“There’s no one left to protect you,” he said, strengthening his grip on his sword as he approached Norman.</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t come near me!” Norman stood up and drew his dagger in a panic, pointing the tip at Takahisa. He slowly backed away until his back touched the wall.</p>

      <p>“I will never forgive you. I won’t let you die easily.” Flames rose along Takahisa’s blade. They burned a dark black color, as though they were linked to his heart.</p>

      <p>“F-Fuck off! You started all of this when you killed Sammy! That stupid woman over there is legally our slave! Do you think you can do whatever you want just because you’re a hero?!” Norman shouted what he could at Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Those should be my words. You scum...!” With the face of a demon, Takahisa braced his sword without any hesitation.</p>

      <p>“Screw you!” Norman charged at Takahisa, roaring as he tried to slash him.</p>

      <p>“Aaah!” Takahisa yelled angrily as he charged at Norman with his sword thrust forward. The tip of his blade was aimed directly at Norman’s heart. He proceeded to move with absurd physical strength and speed, stabbing the sword into the wall through the body.</p>

      <p>“Gahhh...” The impact shattered his entire body, making Norman groan like his organs had flipped. The dagger in his hand clattered to the floor noisily.</p>

      <p>“Phew... Phew...” Takahisa glared at Norman’s dying face without blinking. Norman narrowed his eyes and glared back even as the light in them faded. The black flames burning Takahisa’s sword transferred to Norman’s body.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be waiting for you...in hell...” In the final moment before his face was swallowed by the flames, Norman smiled thinly. Takahisa withdrew his sword and Norman’s burning corpse fell to the floor. He continued glaring at Norman’s burning body.</p>

      <p>“Ta...kahisa...”</p>

      <p>“Huh?!” The sound of Julia’s voice behind him snapped him back to his senses.</p>

      <p>“It’s difficult to treat her like this. Could you carry her instead?” Nick said, approaching Takahisa to hand Julia over to him.</p>

      <p>“Yeah...” Takahisa erased his Divine Arms and accepted Julia’s body with trembling arms.</p>

      <p>“Ehe heh... Thank you... My hero... I’m glad you’re alive,” Julia said, thanking Takahisa with a happy smile before passing out from exhaustion.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>