<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_2"><div class="main">
      <p>“Dear me, I have no idea how that magic works, but our fight had my heart racing with excitement. Bravo!”</p>

      <p>Gouki openly complimented Celia. Thus, the match between the two of them ended with Gouki’s victory.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>After the match, Celia, Gouki, and Kayoko returned to where the others had been watching from.</p>

      <p>“That was amazing, Celia!” Latifa ran over and threw her arms around Celia tightly.</p>

      <p>“Thank you.” Celia patted Latifa on the head gently as she looked around at everyone’s faces. They all had varying degrees of shock in their reactions. And rightly so—she had just shown off three powerful ancient magic spells and faced Gouki on equal footing in a sword battle. Celia still had ancient magic spells she was yet to demonstrate, but this was already unimaginable for her compared to a few days ago.</p>

      <p><em>Did I go too far? Hmm...</em></p>

      <p>Celia hesitated for a brief moment, but soon dismissed her worries. She had already made her decision—Rio and Aishia couldn’t fight openly anymore. She couldn’t allow them to keep protecting her. She couldn’t make them fight. She would be the one to protect herself.</p>

      <p>That’s why going a little overboard was perfect. Hiding her strength could result in hesitation when an emergency happened—something which she had to prevent.</p>

      <p>“What was that magic?! It was so cool! You’re amazing!” Latifa praised Celia with excitement.</p>

      <p>“I know, right?” Celia puffed up proudly yet shyly. However...</p>

      <p><em>Huh?</em></p>

      <p>There was something she noticed. At times like this, it was normally Masato who made a loud fuss first. He was being oddly quiet today—or rather, he wasn’t around at all. The same went for Miharu and Aki.</p>

      <p><em>Say, Aishia?</em></p>

      <p>Celia called out to Aishia through telepathy.</p>

      <p><em>Yes?</em></p>

      <p><em>Do you know where Miharu and the others are?</em></p>

      <p><em>In the castle...</em></p>

      <p><em>Not the mansion? Did something happen?</em></p>

      <p><em>Takahisa went missing.</em></p>

      <p>“Huh?!” The shocking truth made Celia yelp out loud.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter, Celia?” Satsuki asked in surprise.</p>

      <p>“Oh, no... I was just wondering where Miharu and the others went. Did something happen while I was gone?”</p>

      <p>Celia attempted bringing up the topic awkwardly. A shadow fell across Satsuki’s face.</p>

      <p>“Yes, in fact... Something did...”</p>

      <p>Satsuki frowned bitterly and hesitated for a long moment before reluctantly answering with an affirmative.</p>

      <p>“What happened...?”</p>

      <p>“Looks like it’s our turn to do some explaining. Let’s move locations first.”</p>

      <p>With a heavy sigh, Satsuki invited Celia back to the mansion.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>While Christina and the others returned to the castle with Francois, Celia relocated to a drawing room of the mansion with Satsuki, Charlotte, and Sara. She had just finished listening to the explanation of what had happened at the mansion during her absence.</p>

      <p>“And so, it’s believed he ran from the castle this morning,” Satsuki said in summary.</p>

      <p>“I can’t believe that happened while I was away... No wonder Miharu and the others weren’t around.”</p>

      <p>“The three of them are at the castle with Princess Lilianna, waiting for a report from the search party.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki had been with them earlier, but she had slipped away when she heard Celia had returned on behalf of the others.</p>

      <p>“Have you found any clues on where Sir Takahisa was headed?”</p>

      <p>“The hero’s facial features and hair color are unusual in the Strahl region. If he’s still in the city, he should be found within a few days,” Charlotte said, anticipating the search party’s success.</p>

      <p>However, the physical abilities of a hero controlling a Divine Arms were superhuman. They could run fast enough to outspeed a wild beast, and they could easily jump over a ten-meter-high wall if they tried. Takahisa had probably left the castle using those abilities. They couldn’t assume he had moved within the range of a regular person.</p>

      <p>“About that... If possible, I’d like to assist in the search,” Sara said, raising her hand.</p>

      <p>“Lady Sara?”</p>

      <p>“The spirit I’m contracted to, Hel, has a very sharp nose. I heard you were using dogs in the search party around the castle, so I’d like to join the search with your permission. Hel and I are able to communicate easily, so there’s a lot more information I can obtain.”</p>

      <p>Even without relying on Hel, Sara was a werewolf herself. Her own nose was sharper than any human’s. While the distance she could smell was limited to a few meters, she was able to track someone down as long as the scent continued.</p>

      <p>However, although she had revealed her spirit arts and contract spirit to them, the fact she was a werebeast was still secret. That’s why she volunteered using Hel as a reason.</p>

      <p>“In that case, it would be very reassuring to have you...” Satsuki said, looking over at Charlotte. As royalty, her opinion was the most important.</p>

      <p>“Won’t your contract spirit attract a lot of attention? Taking Hel around the city might cause unnecessary panic.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte had seen Hel’s form before, and it had been big enough to swallow a human whole. It wasn’t hard to imagine how the people would react if she brought a giant wolf into town.</p>

      <p>“The size of a spirit can be adjusted to an extent. The smaller end is closer to the size of a large dog, so the people in the city shouldn’t have anything to fear.”</p>

      <p>Sara dispelled Charlotte’s concerns.</p>

      <p>“In that case... I will explain things to father and obtain his permission. It will be evening soon, so could you join the search party tomorrow morning? I’ll assign my personal guards to you so that you can move around freely.”</p>

      <p>Of course, the final right to decide remained with King Francois, but it was very likely he would agree. With that in mind, Charlotte gave her provisional permission. Charlotte’s guards also served as the guards of the mansion, so they were on familiar terms with Sara already.</p>

      <p>“Just what is he doing, causing so much trouble and making everyone worry about him...?” Satsuki muttered bitterly, biting her lip. She had a lot of conflicted feelings about the current situation.</p>

      <p>“Are Miharu and the others okay?” Celia was concerned about the mental condition of the others, who must have been shocked by Takahisa’s disappearance.</p>

      <p>“The three have their own thoughts about what happened... I just hope they don’t feel responsible for it.” Despite Satsuki’s words, her own expression was gloomy with guilt.</p>

      <p>“Hopefully he comes back soon. Thankfully, Lady Sara will be helping out too. Maybe he’ll even wander back when he gets hungry,” Charlotte said, trying to cheer Satsuki up in her own way.</p>

      <p>“That would be for the best...” Satsuki finally smiled, although it was a weak one. “I just hope he didn’t wander someplace strange...” she murmured, gazing out the window with a distant look.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>