<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“Oh? Looks like it’s your lucky day, boy.” Norman lifted his foot off Takahisa’s head and crouched to talk to him. “It’s hard to find a woman who’d go this far for you, you know? How’d you get her to fall this hard for you, huh? Ain’t that a wonder.”</p>

      <p>“Uh... Guh...” Takahisa groaned in pain.</p>

      <p>“Ah... All right, Julia. Out of respect for your spirit, I’m going to have a chat with this boy. You can go back now.” Norman stood up with a satisfied smirk and ordered Julia to be taken away.</p>

      <p>“R-Really?!” Hope filled Julia’s eyes as she lifted her face happily.</p>

      <p>“Yes, really. Hey! Take Julia away already.”</p>

      <p>“Th-Thank you!”</p>

      <p>One of the thugs picked Julia up and carried her out of the room. She continued to plead hopefully at Norman until the moment she left the room. The door immediately closed afterwards, leaving only Takahisa on the floor.</p>

      <p>“Hey boy, did you see that? That woman honestly thinks you’ll be saved. What a moron.” Norman chuckled and grabbed Takahisa by the hair.</p>

      <p>“Listen here, boy. No—listen here, <em>great hero</em>. The man you killed was my beloved nephew. That’s why I’m going to kill you no matter what. I will never forgive you. And yet, that stupid woman rejoiced so happily...”</p>

      <p>Norman smiled like he was unable to hold back how funny it was to him.</p>

      <p>“Grrruh!” Takahisa made an inarticulate sob.</p>

      <p>“That said, I’m no demon. I promised I’d have a <em>chat</em> with you, after all. So let’s discuss something interesting. You heard that stupid woman say she’d earn us lots of money, right? But we were intending on working her to her death anyway, so that wasn’t even a bargaining point to begin with. Yet she believed she could negotiate by offering to work for money... Pfft. Ha ha ha ha ha!” Norman ignored Takahisa’s cry and laughed like a child with his deep, hoarse voice.</p>

      <p>“Graaah!” Takahisa began to struggle furiously, kicking his legs and flailing his arms. His tied-up limbs and the magic-sealing collar around his neck should have made it harder to control his magic, but he was able to struggle with pure strength alone.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you. Hold him down facing up,” Norman ordered his subordinates with a sadistic grin.</p>

      <p>“Yes sir.”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, he’s strong.”</p>

      <p>Two brawny men moved to hold Takahisa down. Once they did, Norman drew the dagger at his waist and showed it to Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Now, legendary hero, I’m going to stab you where you stabbed Sammy and kill you. I’ll even lean my weight forward so slowly, you can feel every inch as it pierces your heart.”</p>

      <p>“Ugh! Uuugh!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, I’ll tell that stupid woman you’re still alive so that she can keep working with hope in her heart. I’ll introduce all the worst customers to her first. There are plenty of rich men with outrageous preferences here in the capital.”</p>

      <p>“Ugh! Ah!”</p>

      <p>“We normally offer our disposable girls to those customers, but that stupid woman will be a special case. Each time she takes a client, I’ll pay to have her healed with magic. It’ll be a sight to see whether her body breaks from something untreatable first, or whether her heart breaks from losing hope. Don’t you agree?” Norman looked down at Takahisa and spoke to him gleefully.</p>

      <p>“Guh! Ggh!”</p>

      <p>“M-Mr. Norman, please hurry!”</p>

      <p>“This guy seriously has the strength of an animal!”</p>

      <p>The thugs held Takahisa’s limbs down using all of their body weight.</p>

      <p>“All right, all right. How pathetic. Nick, you hold his legs.”</p>

      <p>Nick paused for a brief moment, then nodded with a shrug. “Got it.” He moved over and held both of Takahisa’s legs down.</p>

      <p>“Bye now, hero boy.” Norman clutched the dagger upside down and crouched down.</p>

      <p>“Uuugh!” Tears streamed down Takahisa’s face as he glared at Norman, cursing him to death.</p>

      <p>It was at this moment that Takahisa realized it:</p>

      <p>In this world, there were bastards no one could do anything about; demon-like humans that were beyond salvation.</p>

      <p>Thus, Takahisa asked himself: why had he been so insistent that murder was a bad thing before?</p>

      <p>And so, he decided to change his half-deified values. Kill. Killing was the answer. Murder was acceptable. If he had free use of his limbs right now, he would be swinging his sword without hesitation in order to kill this man. No, he would kill everyone here. For the first time in his life, Takahisa felt bloodlust. But it was too late.</p>

      <p>Everything was too late.</p>

      <p>“This is for Sammy.”</p>

      <p>“Guh?!”</p>

      <p>Takahisa’s body lurched up. He watched on as the tip of the knife in Norman’s hand sank into his chest.</p>

      <p>“Oh, poor Sammy. I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.” Norman apologized towards the dead young master as he stabbed Takahisa through the heart over and over again.</p>

      <p>“Urgh?! Ugh... Ugh... Uh...”</p>

      <p>Takahisa’s body jerked up each time his heart was pierced, but those movements gradually ceased. The light disappeared from Takahisa’s eyes, and his consciousness was cut off.</p>

      <p>“All right, you all can throw this rubbish hero into the incinerator now. Make sure you burn everything, including his clothes and that collar.”</p>

      <p>Norman stood up and ordered Takahisa’s cremation.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>