<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“Not at all. Lady Celia has treated me just as well, so I consider her a close friend of equal standing.”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, of equal standing? What an honor that is!”</p>

      <p>As members of noble society, there was a distinct difference in status between high-ranking royalty and the daughter of a count. Using the words “equal standing” between two people of such difference was no trivial matter.</p>

      <p>“I’m not the only one either. Everyone here considers Lady Celia a beloved friend of theirs,” Charlotte said, looking around at the others.</p>

      <p>“Yes... I could tell from the earlier conversation that everyone treasures my daughter greatly. As a mother, I couldn’t be happier. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart.”</p>

      <p>Monica bowed her head low to the residents of the mansion. Everyone blushed in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Ehe heh.”</p>

      <p>Latifa was also one of those smiling embarrassedly. She hugged Celia even tighter, making Celia blush faintly too.</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, I still haven’t said this yet.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki scratched her cheek and looked up at the blue sky awkwardly. She then looked back down at Celia with a gaze of friendship.</p>

      <p>“Welcome home, Celia,” she said, happy for her return.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Afterwards, Celia went inside the mansion and reported what happened outside to the others. The contents of her report were the same as what she’d explained to Christina and Francois, so she finished repeating everything from beginning to end in a few minutes.</p>

      <p>Of course, everyone wholly trusted Celia, but what she said was a little hard to believe. They all seemed taken aback or bewildered, unable to comprehend immediately.</p>

      <p>“And so, Princess Christina and His Majesty said they wanted to see my magic for themselves. They’ll be coming over here in a bit,” Celia said. She watched everyone’s reactions, then turned to address Gouki. “If possible, I’d like to ask you to spar with me.”</p>

      <p>Gouki nodded hesitantly. As far as he could see, even as they were conversing, Celia was full of openings. It felt like he could overpower her easily.</p>

      <p>“For now, you’ll just have to see for yourself.”</p>

      <p>Seeing was believing. Celia wrapped things up with a wry smile, knowing it would be fastest to actually spar and show them in person.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>After that, Christina and Francois arrived at the mansion. The group moved to the back garden to hold their match. As everyone watched on, Celia recited the ancient flying-magic spell and wings of light grew from her back.</p>

      <p>“<em>Alis Luminis!</em>”</p>

      <p>Her body immediately lifted up against gravity, feet hovering just above the ground. Everyone was wide-eyed and speechless. They had heard the report of Celia’s learning magic that allowed her to fly, but seeing it with their own eyes was a truly divine sight.</p>

      <p>“Amazing! You’re like an angel, Celia!”</p>

      <p>Latifa approached Celia with sparkling eyes. She was about to throw herself at Celia at any moment.</p>

      <p>“Ah, be careful you don’t touch the wings on my back. They’re made of thermal energy, so they’re hot to the touch,” Celia warned.</p>

      <p>“Okay!” Latifa froze and raised her hands obediently.</p>

      <p>“It’s beautiful! You truly are like an angel, Professor Celia!” Flora, who had come to watch things, praised Celia too.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. I’ll take a test flight and show you how it works,” Celia said shyly, before beginning to fly. She rose upwards before flying freely in the sky above the mansion at a rapid speed.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Francois let out a fascinated hum at the sight.</p>

      <p>Celia continued flying for another ten or so seconds before returning to the ground and landing softly.</p>

      <p>“And that’s how I fly. I used this magic to move around on my journey. Are there any questions?”</p>

      <p>“This...is a completely new type of magic, isn’t it? Did you develop it yourself?” Christina asked.</p>

      <p>“No, this isn’t a new magic, but an ancient one. I merely learned it by analyzing the spell formula,” Celia said, mixing the truth with lies. In reality, she had learned several ancient magic spells out of the blue one day—the same day she’d suddenly remembered Rio and Aishia, who had become transcendent ones. But she couldn’t say that.</p>

      <p>“You...analyzed an ancient magic formula?” Christina asked with bated breath.</p>

      <p>That was only natural. There were countless ancient spell formulas that couldn’t be analyzed using modern knowledge of sorcery, but they were all more advanced than modern sorcery and believed to be impossible to use. Analyzing and using one was a tremendous feat.</p>

      <p>In modern Strahl, there were only two means for people to fly: boarding an enchanted airship, or owning a flying beast. It was easy to imagine what would happen if a third option was added.</p>

      <p>If Celia published the formula in a thesis, her name would be remembered throughout history for the achievement. She would even be able to amass enough wealth for her family to live in luxury for generations to come.</p>

      <p>“Yes... I spent many years in Beltrum working on it, and I finally managed to succeed just before leaving for the fort.”</p>

      <p>Knowing that it was a little too far-fetched to have succeeded in analyzing ancient magic with such convenient timing, Celia held her breath while watching the expressions of those listening to her.</p>

      <p>“Amazing... As expected of you, Professor.”</p>

      <p>But Christina showed no sign of suspicion as she openly praised her with reverence in her voice. She didn’t think Celia was lying, and she believed from the bottom of her heart that Celia was capable of such a thing.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much...”</p>

      <p>In addition to having learned the magic through no effort of her own, the fact she was lying to her former student who respected her so much made Celia shamefully lower her head.</p>

      <p>“Then...would it be possible for us to learn that magic too?” Christina asked hesitantly.</p>

      <p>The unvoiced questions that came after her words were, “Is it possible for you to teach us this magic too?” and, “Do you intend on publicizing the contract formula required to obtain the magic?” As someone in an administrative position, it was a question she had to ask.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, when it came to newly developed spell formulas or newly analyzed ancient formulas, intellectual property rights came into effect. The details varied depending on the kingdom, but the law generally gave the rights of the spell formula to the developer or analyzer. Thus, if Celia claimed she didn’t want to publicize the formula, her decision had to be respected no matter how useful the spell was.</p>

      <p>“Right... I can publicize the formula necessary for a contract, but I believe there are several problems that will prevent it from being used widely.”</p>

      <p>“Problems...?”</p>

      <p>“If I were to put it simply, the magic chooses who can use it. First, there won’t be many people compatible with the spell formula. Even with compatibility, the spell will require the ability of a considerably skilled sorcerer to succeed in forming the contract. Finally, once the magic is activated, flying itself requires a great amount of magic control...”</p>

      <p>“So the number of people who can use it will be limited.”</p>

      <p>Specifically speaking, it would require the same amount of essence control that non-spirit folk needed to use the difficult flying spirit art. There were humans like Rio who managed to learn it with their exceptional talent, but they were an exception.</p>

      <p>“It consumes a lot of magic essence too, so it chooses who can use it in that way as well. The spell formula itself is also quite complex, so it will be quite troublesome just preparing the spell formula necessary to form a contract. Even with my knowledge, I would only be able to support three or four—at most ten—people in learning it.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, can I ask that you submit your knowledge and the technique required for the contract formula?” Christina asked apologetically.</p>

      <p>After losing their headquarters in Rodania, the current Restoration had no real usable assets. Even if Celia handed over her valuable knowledge and the techniques of the spell, she wouldn’t receive much in return right away. However—</p>

      <p>“Of course. Please use it as one of your playing cards,” Celia agreed immediately. Even King Francois’s eyes widened at her admirable loyalty.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. Although it won’t happen right away, I promise you will be compensated properly for this.”</p>

      <p>Christina bowed deeply, expressing her gratitude to Celia.</p>

      <p>“Please don’t worry about that! I have other magic spells I’d like to demonstrate too. Gouki, can I ask you for that sparring match now?”</p>

      <p>“I’m ready whenever you are. Kayoko, please serve as the umpire.”</p>

      <p>Gouki nodded warmly and accepted Celia’s sparring request.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Afterwards, Celia and Gouki made their way to the back of the garden and stood facing each other, a fair distance away from Christina and the others. Celia held a wooden one-handed sword and Gouki held a wooden katana. Kayoko positioned herself between them.</p>

      <p>“You’re really using a sword?” Gouki asked, observing Celia.</p>

      <p>“Yes.” Celia nodded. The way she held herself was nothing like a soldier—it was clear she had never held the sword before. She could barely hold the wooden sword intended for one-handed use, and she struggled to support its center of gravity.</p>

      <p><em>I can only see all the holes in her guard...</em></p>

      <p>According to the report, Celia had used a powerful physical body enhancement to fight with a sword. But now that he was facing her, it didn’t seem like she was hiding her abilities on purpose. Gouki tilted his head.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, the onlookers watching them from a distance away could also see how unreliable Celia’s sword form looked. They looked on worriedly.</p>

      <p>“You’re sure she’ll be all right, Aria?” Liselotte asked her attendant beside her. Aria was the only one here who had seen Celia fight with a sword before, having accompanied her on her journey. Everyone’s attention focused on her for her answer.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I believe you’ll all be astounded.” Aria nodded with a cheerful smile.</p>

      <p>“Please allow me to use two spells before we begin. The magic is necessary for me to fight with a sword and will not directly harm you,” Celia said, seeking Gouki’s permission to use magic.</p>

      <p>“Of course. Go ahead.” Gouki was here in order to test that magic. He had no reason to refuse.</p>

      <p>“Then... <em>Assumo: Gladius</em>.”</p>

      <p>Celia took a deep breath and recited the spell. The geometrical spell formula that immediately surrounded her was far more complex than the magic for a regular physical body enhancement.</p>

      <p>“That’s...” Christina murmured in surprise.</p>

      <p>“Oh?” Gouki hummed in interest, bracing his wooden katana at the ready. The air around Celia had changed as soon as she was surrounded by the spell formula.</p>

      <p>The way she held her sword, her stance, her center of gravity, the way her muscles were at ease—it was all perfect. Even the look in her eyes and her expression were now sharp and refined. She was like a completely different person.</p>

      <p>Standing in the place of the girl who’d seemed like she had never held a sword before was a veteran swordmaster.</p>

      <p>“Celia...?”</p>

      <p>Sara and Alma, who often stood on the front line of battle themselves, had also noticed that change. They were wide-eyed as they wondered if that was really their friend.</p>

      <p><em>How mysterious...</em></p>

      <p>The corner of Gouki’s mouth turned up in a smirk. There had been nothing but holes in Celia’s guard earlier, yet now her guard was perfect. The light of the spell formula around Celia eventually faded.</p>

      <p>“<em>Si vis pacem, para bellum.</em>” Celia used additional magic; another complex spell formula lit up around her, enveloping her delicate body. Then, the magic essence flowing from her body swelled dramatically. It was proof she had used a physical body enhancement only possible through spirit arts or ancient enchanted swords.</p>

      <p>“This is indeed something else...”</p>

      <p>Gouki instantly understood what had happened to Celia’s body and used spirit arts to enhance his own physical body. With this, they were on equal footing.</p>

      <p>“I’m ready,” Celia said, letting them know the match could begin.</p>

      <p>“Give the sign quickly, Kayoko,” Gouki said to his wife without hiding his excitement.</p>

      <p>“While the use of magic and techniques has been approved of, ensure that neither of you lose yourselves in the heat of the moment,” Kayoko warned.</p>

      <p>“I know.”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>Gouki and Celia replied together.</p>

      <p>“Then...you may begin.”</p>

      <p>At last, the match was to begin.</p>

      <p>Both sides immediately leaped forward. They had been standing ten-odd meters away from each other, so the distance between them was closed instantly.</p>

      <p>At the same time, they both swung their weapons. The collision of wood on wood made a deafening noise that echoed through the garden.</p>

      <p>“Guh...”</p>

      <p>Celia’s eyes widened faintly. Gouki’s lips were curled in a delighted smirk. But they both kept swinging their weapons without pause.</p>

      <p>The sound of wood striking wood multiplied endlessly. They each kept their weapons moving in an attempt to land an effective hit on the other, but their opponent kept blocking them from doing so.</p>

      <p>They stood there exchanging blows for a while, then both started running again. They would close in on each other and draw apart again in an attempt to outwit the other, using feints to read the other’s movements and catch them off guard.</p>

      <p>It was obviously a match between two masters. No one could believe less than a minute had passed. Time seemed to flow slower due to how densely packed each moment was. Every last observer was rendered speechless.</p>

      <p>“Just when did Professor Celia learn such swordcraft?” Christina barely managed to ask. Her question was directed towards Aria, who had traveled with Celia. Before the match, Celia had asked her to take on the role of commentator.</p>

      <p>“The first magic she used allows her to recreate the movements of a master swordsman. Celia herself called it something akin to cheating, and I wholly agree with her,” Aria explained with a wry smile. The magic was able to replicate natural talent with swords and years of training in a single moment. Indeed, it felt exactly like foul play. However...</p>

      <p>“Does that mean everyone can fight like the professor if they use that magic?”</p>

      <p>“Theoretically, yes. But that magic is quite difficult to obtain in itself...”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t a magic that could be used by anyone. Aria explained how only a very talented sorcerer could learn the spell.</p>

      <p>“Besides, it comes with more harm than good for people with a certain level of military training,” Aria added further.</p>

      <p>“Why is that?”</p>

      <p>“The movements ingrained into your body over long years of training will become an obstruction to the spell. This magic exists for people who have never held a sword properly.”</p>

      <p>In other words, it was a magic for people who were blessed with talent as sorcerers but useless as warriors. It was perfect for Celia.</p>

      <p>“What about the second magic she used?”</p>

      <p>“A magic that has the same effect as the physical body enhancement sorcery found on ancient enchanted swords. You can consider it a direct upgrade to the magic <em>Augendae Corporis</em>.”</p>

      <p>It was a spell that allowed someone without an enchanted sword to move on par with someone who had one. They were both effects that could not be reproduced using modern magic.</p>

      <p>Christina fell speechless once more and stared at Celia. Winged flying magic, hero imitation magic, hero cultivation magic. Celia had demonstrated these three spells in this short amount of time.</p>

      <p><em>They should all be ancient magics that </em><em>were </em><em>impossible to decipher. And she managed to analyze not only one, but all three?</em></p>

      <p>A world-renowned sorcerer could spend a lifetime analyzing such spells without any success. So how did Celia manage three at the same time? Was that even possible for Celia? Where had she even found undiscovered spell formulas in the first place?</p>

      <p>No matter how much unconditional faith she had in Celia, even Christina was bewildered by the situation. And as for the two currently sparring...</p>

      <p><em>Wow, I can’t find an opening at all...</em></p>

      <p>Celia had just distanced herself from Gouki. They were evenly matched. In fact, Celia was the one resolutely attacking while Gouki skillfully thwarted her.</p>

      <p><em>I only had a vague understanding of how strong people who fought with physical weapons were until now...</em></p>

      <p>She distinctly understood Gouki’s strength now. Without showing it in her expression, Celia was extremely impressed.</p>

      <p>“Shall we stop sparring here?” Gouki asked. Indeed, they had already succeeded in demonstrating Celia’s magic for everyone.</p>

      <p>“Could we fight just a little more? I’d like to know how far I can go against you in my current state.” Celia requested the continuation of their match.</p>

      <p>“Gladly. Did you want to use other magic too?” Gouki accepted readily. He was more than happy to spar against a strong opponent.</p>

      <p>“Magic... No, I’d like to try fighting with only a sword.”</p>

      <p>It was strange. She should have been a sorcerer in body and mind, yet she was holding a sword and feeling excitement as a warrior. That was what she had just noticed.</p>

      <p>“Saving the magic fight for next time, are we? Very well, I shall look forward to that. I will fight with only this wooden blade too.”</p>

      <p>“That being said, we shouldn’t keep the others waiting for too long. I intend on finishing things with my next move, so please keep that in mind.”</p>

      <p>“Bwa ha ha! Sounds great. I never even dreamed of being able to banter with you in this way, Lady Celia. I accept your challenge!”</p>

      <p>Gouki and Celia braced their weapons, ready to fight. Both sides fell silent in anticipation of the right moment to attack.</p>

      <p>“...!”</p>

      <p>That moment came within seconds. They both saw a chance of victory at the same time and moved.</p>

      <p><em>Here he comes...!</em></p>

      <p>Celia was currently able to process her surroundings as though everything was moving in slow motion. That was why she could see how Gouki was going to swing his sword and what path it would take. She made a sideways sweep with her sword to deflect Gouki’s own horizontal swing.</p>

      <p>Just before their weapons made contact, Gouki’s wooden katana shifted trajectory just a little. He had seen Celia’s sword swing towards him from below and reacted.</p>

      <p>The slightest hesitation was born in Celia’s sword path. She still attempted to correct her trajectory, but Gouki beat her to the punch. He had seen the hesitation in the tip of her sword and used that chance to swing his own with all his might. As a result—</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>Celia’s wooden sword flew through the air. She immediately retreated to retrieve it, but Gouki wasn’t about to allow that. The tip of his wooden katana pointed at her.</p>

      <p>“I surrender.”</p>

      <p>Celia declared her defeat, the strength draining from her body...but her expression was still bright.</p>

      <p><em>That was amazing...</em></p>

      <p>She was in pure awe of Gouki thanks to his victory. In the end, the match had been decided by Gouki’s combat instincts, developed from his many years of experience.</p>

      <p>Although she had magically obtained the skill of a swordmaster, Celia still lacked the experience to make vital judgments under pressure. That’s why even though she knew how to move in her head, hesitation still showed in her movements.</p>

      <p>That being said, it was enough to prove that Celia could fight at the level of a master.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>