<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Search</h1>

      <p>Several hours later, night had fully set, and the red-light district was at its bustling peak of activity.</p>

      <p>In the blind alley beside the brothel where Takahisa had murdered the young master, a group of twenty-odd rough-looking men were solemnly gathered. The young master’s corpse was still lying on the ground, but the rain was falling so heavily, the puddle of blood beneath him had washed away.</p>

      <p>The group of men all paid no heed to the rain falling on them as they looked down at the young master’s corpse with looks of clear grief. Then, they looked at the single man they had surrounded.</p>

      <p>The man was the receptionist of the brothel Julia worked at. He was also the man who had first discovered the young master’s corpse. It had taken him roughly half an hour to find the young master’s body, upon which he had hurriedly informed the appropriate higher-ups. That was what had led to this gathering of men, but...</p>

      <p>The receptionist was pale and trembling as he prostrated himself on the ground. He had just finished reporting what had happened to the man in his midforties before him, who was standing with a terrifyingly angry look on his face. As soon as he finished listening to the details the receptionist gave him, the man in his midforties opened his mouth.</p>

      <p>“So...” he began slowly. Everyone immediately shuddered as though the air had gotten colder.</p>

      <p>“In short, you were watching the store when Sammy went outside to educate Julia. She then came back alone and ran up to the second floor, then ran back down and rushed out of the store.”</p>

      <p>“Sammy” was the name of the young master; the man in his midforties gave the summary of the receptionist’s report himself.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, Mr. Norman!” The receptionist nodded through his trembling disposition.</p>

      <p>“You found that strange and left the brothel to question Julia, only to see her running away with an immigrant kid who wore noble-like clothes. That kid was Julia’s customer just moments prior. Is that right?”</p>

      <p>“That is exactly right!”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. I see. You may raise your head,” Norman said, ordering the receptionist around in a voice devoid of emotion.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes sir... Gah!”</p>

      <p>The receptionist tried to raise his head gratefully, only to be met with the sight of Norman’s shoe swinging at his mouth. Blood and teeth splattered across the ground. The receptionist was knocked back from his kneeling position, falling onto his back.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” The receptionist held his mouth as he fell back heavily onto the wet ground. Blood rushed from his mouth.</p>

      <p>“Are you kidding me? What do you mean you returned to your post after you saw Julia leave? You were just standing in the store like a fool while Sammy was dead?”</p>

      <p>Norman looked down at the writhing man with bloodshot eyes.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m sorry! I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry!” the receptionist slurred, slamming his head against the ground over and over again in apology.</p>

      <p>“You being sorry won’t bring Sammy back to life!” Norman yelled, aiming a kick at the receptionist’s shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Gah!” The receptionist flew back once more and writhed on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Am I wrong, huh? What will you do now? What will you do about this? Sammy was my one and only nephew, you know? And now that precious nephew of mine is dead. How will you atone for this, hmm? Let’s hear your excuse. Go on.”</p>

      <p>Norman stepped down on the receptionist’s leg, grinding it into the ground.</p>

      <p>“Aaah! The rain! The rain was falling! So I thought the young master was done with Julia’s punishment! I thought he went to check on the other brothels! There were customers in the store so I couldn’t leave the front counter! I’m sorry!” The receptionist was so terrified of Norman’s irrational violence, he desperately pleaded in an incomprehensible way.</p>

      <p>“Ah, it’s such a shame...” Norman stepped down on the receptionist’s leg until the bone was fractured, then began to stomp on the fracture like he was tapping his foot impatiently.</p>

      <p>“Aah! Aah! Aaah!” The receptionist tried to escape by crawling away, but the men around Norman didn’t allow that. Several men pinned the receptionist’s torso to the ground. However, they all avoided looking at his face as though they were pitying him.</p>

      <p>“Phew!” Norman took a deep breath and stopped moving his foot. He then fixed his gaze on a certain man. “Hey Nick, what do you make of this?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“Let’s see...” Nick crouched down by the young master’s corpse and studied it.</p>

      <p>After some time, he slowly stood up and offered his opinion. “I can’t say much without any proof, but this wound was definitely made by a sword. The tip was plunged in from the front without any resistance. It would’ve been a single strike. Normally, that brothel worker named Julia and the brat she disappeared with would be the most suspicious. The fact they’ve gone missing implies they have something to be guilty of.”</p>

      <p>“So you think the same...”</p>

      <p>“However...”</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“That immigrant brat who was dressed in high-quality noble clothes... He visited the brothel completely unarmed, right? That’s what bothers me.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Are you saying there’s another suspect?”</p>

      <p>“Perhaps so... I mean, it’s possible the receptionist could be lying,” Nick said, looking down at the man crawling on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Eek! I-I’m not! I’m not lying! Neither of them were holding a sword when they were running away either!”</p>

      <p>The man who had been enduring his pain through his groans realized they were suspecting him and desperately began to yell.</p>

      <p>“Hey! You better be telling the truth, got it?! You’ll regret it if you lie!” Norman said threateningly, landing another kick to go with his question. But what more was there to regret after being beaten up this much?</p>

      <p>“Wha?! I-It’s true, it’s the truth! The young master himself checked that the brat was unarmed and alone with no guards!”</p>

      <p>The receptionist was completely curled up in pain and fear. He definitely didn’t look like he was lying. It would take someone with serious guts to lie in a situation like this.</p>

      <p>“Calm down, Mr. Norman. This guy is our only witness, so go easy on him. Besides, he might not be lying; maybe the brat was actually armed without appearing so,” Nick said, casually placing his hand on Norman’s shoulder. Although Norman had a higher status than him, Nick showed no fear before his fury.</p>

      <p>For some reason, Nick possessed a sharp air to him. Like the ruffians around him, he was well-versed in fights, but he had the intimidating aura of a warrior that had made a living from war, not violence. He wore a simple, bland-colored coat with a sharp sword at his waist, and looked more like a mercenary or adventurer than a thug.</p>

      <p>“Hah? What do you mean?” Norman also paid proper attention to Nick’s words.</p>

      <p>“If that brat is truly a noble, he might have access to some preposterous artifacts. Like an invisible sword or something.”</p>

      <p>“So that brat is suspicious after all.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed so,” Nick agreed.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve heard of the heroes, </em><em>who possess </em><em>Divine Arms they can summon at will too. An immigrant brat in noble clothing with an invisible sword... Could it be?</em></p>

      <p>He narrowed his eyes at the young master’s corpse while pondering the mystery of the murder weapon.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, we’ll find that immigrant kid and kill him no matter what. I’ll do it with my own hands... You all better not think you’ll be getting any sleep tonight. Find the two who disappeared,” Norman ordered the thugs around him, shaking with anger and frustration himself.</p>

      <p>“Yes sir!”</p>

      <p>The thugs shrank back and mustered their voices to yell their reply. The men gathered in the blind alley were members of an illegal organization based in the red-light district and slums of the Galarc Kingdom capital. That organization had just decided to put all their efforts into locating Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Nick.”</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“I’d like you to find out more about the brat’s background. If the brat comes from an immigrant family, there shouldn’t be too many candidates.”</p>

      <p>“I’m a mercenary. I wasn’t born in this land either. Shouldn’t there be more suitable people for the job?” Nick asked with a shrug.</p>

      <p>“You can use the younger ones in our group however you want. There’s no one better for the job,” Norman said, entrusting the job to him.</p>

      <p>“Fine. Give me one night. I’ll sneak into the noble district and see if anything’s changed. Any accomplices will just get in my way, so I’ll go alone.”</p>

      <p>“I’m counting on you. I’ll get the others to search everywhere else.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. I’ll be off, then.”</p>

      <p>As soon as he said that, Nick walked off.</p>

      <p><em>I thought a mission like intelligence gathering in the capital would be boring, but if that kid is really </em><em>a </em><em>hero, things are about to get fun. But with how big this matter is, I better report it to Mr. Reiss quickly.</em></p>

      <p>With his back to the organization members, Nick smiled and disappeared into the night.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>On the west side of the royal capital, over a kilometer away from the red-light district in the south and around the time Norman and his men noticed the young master’s death, a young couple ran through the pouring rain and into an inn. The two wore hooded cloaks and were completely drenched.</p>

      <p>“Welcome.” The man at the counter of the inn greeted them in an unmotivated voice.</p>

      <p>“A room for two, please,” one of the customers said simply. Her face was covered by her hood and pointed downwards, but her voice was clearly feminine.</p>

      <p>“That’ll be four large bronze for two. Meals are five small bronze per person.”</p>

      <p>“No meals for now,” the girl said, placing four large bronze coins on the counter.</p>

      <p>“Use the room up the stairs and at the end of the left corridor.” The man held out their room key and glanced over at the other customer.</p>

      <p>The other customer stood in unmoving silence with his face pointed down. His hood was hiding his face as well, but he had the stature of a man. The glimpse of his nose and mouth through the gaps revealed that he was a young man, and that the color of his skin was as pale as a ghost...</p>

      <p>“Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>The girl took the key and started walking. The boy said nothing as he dragged his legs like a puppet. The girl led the way up the stairs, reminding him to watch his feet, but he remained silent.</p>

      <p><em>What creepy guests</em><em>,</em> the man at the counter thought, immediately looking away in disinterest.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>“Come inside.”</p>

      <p>The girl took the boy’s hand and dragged him into the room on the second floor. She then stuck her head out the door and checked no one had followed them into the inn before finally closing the door.</p>

      <p>“I think we’ll be okay for tonight,” she said, removing her hood. The face that was revealed was Julia’s. She sighed in relief and removed her cloak.</p>

      <p>“Take off your cloak too, Takahisa,” she said, helping him remove his cloak. Takahisa allowed her to move him about without any resistance. The cloak was waterproof, so he hadn’t lost any body temperature, yet he was trembling from head to toe. When his hands that had been hidden by the cloak were freed from the fabric—</p>

      <p>“Huh?!” Fear suddenly filled Takahisa’s face. It clearly had something to do with how he had killed the young master a mere hour ago.</p>

      <p><em>Thump.</em> The dull impact of the young master’s chest being pierced still weighed heavily on Takahisa’s arms.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay, it’ll be okay, Takahisa. Let’s sit down.”</p>

      <p>Julia hugged Takahisa tightly. She patted his back like she was soothing a child and sat down on the bed beside him.</p>

      <p>“I... I...” Takahisa hung his head, guilt smeared across his face. His gaze was still fixed on his trembling hands. “What should I do? I...”</p>

      <p>He killed a man. He was a murderer. The words looped in his head.</p>

      <p>“You saved me. That’s why you’re not a bad person, Takahisa. They shouldn’t be able to find us here for a while.”</p>

      <p>Julia softly wrapped her arms around him from the side. Incidentally, the two were only able to hide themselves in the inn like this thanks to her. Right before fleeing the scene of the crime, Julia had risked everything by returning to the brothel and retrieving the money they needed to flee from her room.</p>

      <p>Thanks to that, they were able to buy cheap coats from a street stall and hide Takahisa’s conspicuous appearance before running into an inn. They’d been able to run around in the rain with these coats before arriving at this inn, so there was no way anyone could locate them here unless they had been following them the entire time.</p>

      <p>Takahisa continued trembling despite Julia’s embrace. Although he had been spurred on by Rio being his rival in love, he had always felt a strong aversion to killing people in this world where lives could easily be taken. There was no way he could break out of the shock of his first murder so easily.</p>

      <p>“Mmmph?!”</p>

      <p>The next moment, life returned to Takahisa’s eyes. Or rather, his eyes were opened wide in surprise. Why?</p>

      <p>“Mmgh...!”</p>

      <p>Because Julia had suddenly covered his mouth with her own in a kiss. Takahisa tried to pull away from her in a fluster, but—</p>

      <p>“Mmm...” Julia forcefully grabbed his face and continued to demand his lips. They continued like that for over ten seconds, both of them forgetting to breathe.</p>

      <p>“B-Buh! Wh-What...? What are you doing?!” Having finally been released, he hurriedly pulled his face from Julia and pressed his hand to his lips, blushing as he questioned the reason for the kiss.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. I know it’s really cowardly of me to do this in a situation like this, but...” Julia moved Takahisa’s hand from his lips. She then drew her face close to his again.</p>

      <p>“Eh?! Wha?! Huh?!” Takahisa squeaked, voice cracking from shock. The fact he had killed someone was completely blown from his mind, leaving no trace of his earlier pain.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to make this clear upfront,” Julia said as preface, making eye contact with him from close up. “I’m in love with you, Takahisa.”</p>

      <p>She pushed him down onto the bed and passionately kissed him once again.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>