<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: The World outside the Castle</h1>

      <p>Early in the morning, on the day Celia returned to the Galarc Castle...</p>

      <p>“Huff... Huff...”</p>

      <p>Takahisa had sneaked out of his room in the castle. And before he knew it, he had slipped past the guards and was climbing the castle’s outer wall.</p>

      <p>“Hah, huff, hah...”</p>

      <p>Soon, he was over the wall. He was sweating along his brow as he ran frantically through the noble district.</p>

      <p>“Hah, hah, hah, huff, huff...”</p>

      <p>Even though his Divine Arms was supposed to have been activated, the heaviness in his feet felt as if he were dragging an iron ball. The beating in his chest was only getting faster. He couldn’t breathe properly.</p>

      <p>“Hah... Hah...”</p>

      <p>He recklessly ran up the ten-meter stone wall around the noble district like a wild beast. At the top of the wall, he looked down across the commoner town.</p>

      <p>It was pitch-dark, making it difficult to see the ground. He wasn’t the best with heights, but he grabbed at the parts of the wall that stuck out and descended. Eventually, his feet reached the ground, and he began running away from the castle once again.</p>

      <p>The key points of the noble district were illuminated by lights, but the commoner town was dark with very few lights. He continued down the road by relying on the moonlight, walking for two or three minutes before coming to a stop. He gazed at the Galarc Castle in the distance, illuminated by the moon.</p>

      <p><em>You’re the worst, Takahisa.</em></p>

      <p>Miharu’s angry face flashed through his mind. It was the first time he had seen her get so angry, much less slap him across the face.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t like you, Takahisa. I hate you. I won’t be with you. I don’t want to be near you. Don’t show your face in front of me ever again.</em></p>

      <p>Miharu had rejected him with those words. She had told him to return to Centostella and never go near her again. She was clearly furious with him.</p>

      <p>No, it wasn’t only Miharu. Lilianna, Aki, Masato, and Satsuki... Everyone had rejected him. As proof of that, not a single person had allowed him to remain in the Galarc Kingdom. There hadn’t been a single person on Takahisa’s side.</p>

      <p>The only choice he had left was to wait until morning to board the enchanted airship back to the Centostella Kingdom. However...</p>

      <p>“I don’t want to...” Takahisa shook his head in fear, backing farther away from the castle.</p>

      <p><em>No. I don’t want to. I don’t want to go back to Centostella!</em></p>

      <p>He wanted to stay in the Galarc Castle. But no one would allow that. In another two or three hours, the day would break and he would have been forcefully sent back. Unable to accept that option, Takahisa had slipped out of the castle before he knew it.</p>

      <p>He was contradicting himself. He wanted to stay in the Galarc Castle, yet he’d run from the Galarc Castle of his own accord.</p>

      <p>“Hah... Huff, huff, hah... Hah...”</p>

      <p>His calming breath quickened once more as the throbbing in his heart came back with a vengeance. Hours had passed since Miharu slapped him, yet his left cheek still felt like it was stinging with pain.</p>

      <p>“Gah!”</p>

      <p>In order to take his mind off the pain, Takahisa dug his nails into his left cheek. He then unsteadily resumed walking, disappearing into the darkness of the town.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>How long had he been wandering around the dark capital city?</p>

      <p>Takahisa kept wandering through the dark until he ended up in an alleyway far from the main road. He crouched down at the dead end and hugged his knees.</p>

      <p>However, the people of this world rose early in the morning. By the time the sun rose, people were already walking around the city.</p>

      <p>Hearing the bustle coming from the main street, Takahisa began to feel uncomfortable. He started moving again, changing locations to somewhere less populated. Eventually, he reached an area that was completely silent. No one should come here. With that thought, Takahisa crouched back down in another alley. He didn’t want to see anyone. He didn’t want to speak to anyone. He wanted to be left alone.</p>

      <p>He didn’t want to think about what was going on at the castle. He didn’t want to think about his current situation. He didn’t want to think about what he would do from here. He wanted to stop recalling how Miharu had slapped him. He didn’t want to face reality. He wanted to stop thinking altogether.</p>

      <p>Yet... Was the castle in an uproar now that it was morning? Would everyone be even more mad at him? Wouldn’t it be better to go back? Such thoughts crossed his mind one after another. He wanted to clear his mind, yet he couldn’t. Each time that happened, Takahisa strengthened his grip around his knees.</p>

      <p>But it hurt to keep recalling those unwanted thoughts. Thanks to that, his mental state was a mess, dulling his ability to think clearly. He could dismiss the unwanted thoughts as unwanted thoughts without staring directly at reality.</p>

      <p>Thus, Takahisa simply waited for time to pass in the deserted alleyway.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>At some point, the sun had begun to fall again. It was proof that over half a day had passed since Takahisa left the castle. At the same time, the silence that had continued during the daytime came to an abrupt end. As early evening approached, the number of people walking through the streets increased. Takahisa initially ignored it, thinking it was temporary, but the silence never returned.</p>

      <p>He slowly stood up in preparation to relocate again. But when he stepped out of the alley and onto the street, voluptuous women in revealing clothing were walking before him.</p>

      <p>“Wh—”</p>

      <p>And there were just as many men around, ogling at them. Takahisa gasped and froze where he stood.</p>

      <p>He was in the red-light district. It was an area that bordered the slums of the capital, and was known for being one of the capital’s more dangerous areas.</p>

      <p>It seemed that most people here started working as dusk approached. Some people were proactively calling out to the opposite sex, while others that had already reached an agreement were walking arm in arm intimately.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, there was a vulgar man with a sharp look in his eyes hidden at the corner of the main road. He was closely observing the people walking the streets, and he spotted Takahisa standing around in a daze after leaving the alleyway.</p>

      <p>“Hmm?”</p>

      <p>The man gave Takahisa a measuring look. There were brothel workers beside him, so perhaps he was a manager of a brothel? The man didn’t appear to have come to the red-light district to play around.</p>

      <p><em>What is this place...?</em></p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the scent of sweet perfume wafting in the air finally made Takahisa start thinking again, and he realized what kind of place he was in. Immediately feeling uncomfortable, Takahisa stepped into the road with the intention of leaving the red-light district right away. But before he could do so, someone called out to him.</p>

      <p>“Hey, hey.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>It was a young woman. She was one of the brothel workers who had been beside the man observing the road from the corner just now. She appeared to be the same age as Takahisa, and she clung to his arm while calling out to him sweetly.</p>

      <p>Takahisa paused and looked at the girl silently. There was no vitality in his gaze.</p>

      <p>“Oh...” The girl gulped, feeling intimidated.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, um...” She had probably approached Takahisa as a brothel worker seeking work, but his reaction was more indifferent than she had expected. She was at a loss for words.</p>

      <p>“If you don’t need anything, leave me alone.”</p>

      <p>The usual Takahisa would have shown a more innocent reaction, but he shook her arm off him curtly and tried to leave.</p>

      <p>“Ah! H-Hey! Wait! Didn’t you come here to enjoy yourself?”</p>

      <p>The girl hurried after Takahisa and clung to him, pushing herself up against his arm in a way that exaggerated her cleavage. The sweet scent of perfume and soft sensation of her skin invaded his senses.</p>

      <p>“I did not.” Takahisa finally shook his head with an awkward look.</p>

      <p>The glimpse of a reaction fitting for a man his age made the girl exhale quietly in relief.</p>

      <p>“But surely you want to enjoy yourself? You’ve got money, right?” she said, seducing him resolutely.</p>

      <p>“I don’t,” Takahisa immediately replied. He had lived without the need to use money from the moment he came to this world, and he’d left the castle with only the clothes on his back. That’s why he naturally didn’t have a coin to his name.</p>

      <p>“You’re lying! You’re wearing such nice clothes, you have to be from a rich family. Are you a noble?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Oh, this...” Takahisa looked down at his body and the clothes he was wearing. It was the outfit the royal family had ordered for the kingdom’s hero. Of course it looked expensive.</p>

      <p>In fact, he stood out blatantly. Under the sun that was yet to completely set, Takahisa drew all the attention in the red-light district. Even now, the people operating the brothels were eyeing him like he was an easy mark with a lot of money. That was also why the girl had called out to him in the first place.</p>

      <p>“Well? Come have a good time with me, yeah?”</p>

      <p>The girl strengthened her grip around his arm and continued her seduction. She then shot a glance at the man hiding at the street corner to check his expression. The man jerked his chin as though to tell her to seduce him more assertively.</p>

      <p>“I said I’m not here for that. I didn’t know what this place was, and I wouldn’t have come to a place like this if I’d known.”</p>

      <p>“A place like this, huh? Right. A young and privileged person like you wouldn’t waste your time with a woman like me working ‘in a place like this’...”</p>

      <p>“I’m not privileged,” Takahisa said in a vexed tone. “I really don’t have any money on me. Besides...” He trailed off midsentence.</p>

      <p>“Besides?”</p>

      <p>“I have someone I love already...” he mumbled with a bitter frown.</p>

      <p>The girl caught her breath. Perhaps she didn’t understand the reason why someone would say they loved someone with such a pained look.</p>

      <p>“That’s how it is, so...” Takahisa shook his arm free again.</p>

      <p>“Ah...” The girl tried to reach out again, but Takahisa had already started marching away. The vulgar man was still hiding at the corner of the road, glaring angrily at the girl who called out to Takahisa with bloodshot eyes.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, wait! Wait up!” She hurried after Takahisa again, grabbing his hand from behind.</p>

      <p>“What?” Takahisa was confused. He hadn’t been expecting her to call out to him again.</p>

      <p>“You came to a place like this because you were lost, right?”</p>

      <p>The tone of the girl was oozing with desperation, as though she was at her wits’ end.</p>

      <p>“Well, yeah,” Takahisa replied vaguely. He hadn’t had a destination in the first place, so he wasn’t quite lost.</p>

      <p>“And the streets around here are kind of complicated, right?”</p>

      <p>No sooner had the girl said that, she started walking while insistently pulling his hand. Takahisa was completely bewildered by her somewhat high-handed attempts to guide him.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey. Wait a minute, what are you doing?”</p>

      <p>“You have no business here, no? I’m showing you the way.”</p>

      <p>When the man hiding at the corner saw the two of them leaving the red-light district, he quietly started following them. The girl led Takahisa off the main road and down a quiet street. Takahisa, who was worried about the eyes on him because he hated standing out, was mildly relieved to see there were fewer people walking about.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, hold on a second. Where are we going?” Takahisa shook off the girl’s hand and came to a stop to question her.</p>

      <p>The girl glanced at the entrance of the alley they’d come down to check no one was following them. She sighed in relief before answering him. “Where... You wanted to leave, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I said. I never said I wanted to go home...”</p>

      <p>“R-Really? Do you want to have some fun with me after all?” The girl’s eyes widened, but she quickly took the chance to seduce Takahisa again.</p>

      <p>“I do not. Enough of this. You don’t have to show me the way, just leave me alone.” Takahisa rejected her with a tired sigh, showing wariness towards the girl.</p>

      <p>“You know, I’ve actually been ordered by a scary man to make you a customer no matter what. If I go back like this, he’ll do terrible things to me. Can you help me out by coming to my room?”</p>

      <p>The girl leaned against Takahisa flirtatiously and revealed her reason for seducing him so assertively. Her hand was trembling faintly, although it was unclear if it was because she was trying to appeal to his sympathy or because she was actually scared of the man who’d given her the order.</p>

      <p>“Even if you tell me that... There are plenty of people walking around who can be your customer. It doesn’t have to be me.”</p>

      <p>After saying that, Takahisa tried to pull away and leave, but the girl wouldn’t let go of him so easily. She pressed his arm against her chest and held it there tightly.</p>

      <p>“He probably wants to make a good customer out of you because you seem to be really rich. He said the younger the woman the better, so he ordered me to go since I just so happened to be free...” she said, continuing to explain her situation.</p>

      <p><em>Now that I’ve talked to him, I get it. This guy is super naive and kind. Maybe he thought he’d be an easy mark?</em></p>

      <p>She thought to herself, guessing the other reasons for the order. Naive men were the easiest to win over and turn into regulars. If they were rich on top of that, then they were the best business partners for a brothel worker.</p>

      <p>“I’ve already told you I don’t have any money.” Takahisa sighed for the umpteenth time.</p>

      <p>“That’s a lie.” The girl didn’t believe he didn’t have money, which was only natural—the clothes Takahisa was wearing were of a truly high quality.</p>

      <p>“I really don’t. You can even search me if you want,” Takahisa said, feeling around in his pocket with his free hand.</p>

      <p>“Really?” The girl took a step back from Takahisa and stared at him up and down skeptically.</p>

      <p>“Go ahead.” Takahisa lifted his arms to allow her to search freely.</p>

      <p>“Then...” The girl touched his body and checked for a wallet. Once she realized he truly wasn’t carrying any coin, she clutched her head and sank to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re kidding me. You don’t have anything on you? Why don’t you have any money when you’re wearing clothes like that...?”</p>

      <p>“Well, I’ve never needed to use money...”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Never needed to use money?! That can’t be possible! Just what kind of life were you living?!” The girl raised her voice in strong refutation.</p>

      <p>“Uh, well... Yeah, you’re right...” Takahisa frowned with a guilty look. He had avoided reality until now, but having no money was indeed a problem when on the run. Perhaps talking to this girl had helped him calm down a bit, allowing him to finally think clearly. However, he still intended on running from reality for as long as he could.</p>

      <p>“Anyway, you get that I can’t be your customer now, right?” Takahisa tried to end the conversation with the girl. But...</p>

      <p>“What should I do... How do I explain this to him?” The girl was too busy trembling at the thought of the man who’d ordered her to listen to Takahisa’s words. She looked rather pale as she worried about how to explain things to him.</p>

      <p>“Is he that scary?”</p>

      <p>“He is—he’s the top brass in charge of the entire red-light district. Everyone calls him the young master. He’s got a violent temperament and treats the brothel workers like disposable goods. If he finds out I let a super rich-looking man like you get away, he’ll definitely fine me for it. This is the worst,” the girl said, sighing heavily.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry to hear that... You should just quit a job like this,” Takahisa said as a perfectly sound argument.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...”</p>

      <p>The girl trembled with her whole body and pouted. She then opened her mouth to say something, but—</p>

      <p>“Ah!”</p>

      <p>She spotted a man turn into the alley they were standing in and quickly threw herself at Takahisa, clinging to his chest.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Takahisa blinked in shock, unable to comprehend her actions.</p>

      <p>“Th-This is the worst! He’s here to keep an eye on me!” she whined bitterly.</p>

      <p>“Who...?” Takahisa’s back was to the entrance of the alley, so he had no idea who was coming.</p>

      <p>“The young master!” The girl informed Takahisa who it was. “He’s checking if I seduced you properly,” she added, explaining why the young master had followed them into the alley. Takahisa tried to turn around and check for himself.</p>

      <p>“S-Stop! He’ll think I said something strange!”</p>

      <p>The girl grabbed Takahisa’s face and stopped him from moving. She brought her face close to him as though to kiss him. Takahisa was tall, so she had to stretch and look up at him.</p>

      <p>“Hey...” Takahisa stiffened and reflexively tried to back away, but the girl wouldn’t allow that. She wrapped her arms around his back and continued to cling to him tightly. Takahisa felt the warmth of the girl, making him freeze even more.</p>

      <p>Then, the girl seemed to come to some kind of decision as she hugged Takahisa. She took a deep breath without removing her arms.</p>

      <p>“Come with me,” she said, entangling her arms with his.</p>

      <p>“Huh? What? Where to?” Takahisa was utterly bewildered.</p>

      <p>“My room,” she stated shortly.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh?!” Takahisa’s voice-cracking shriek echoed through the alley several seconds later.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Takahisa marched through the streets of the red-light district with a girl he didn’t even know the name of. They had been walking for two or three minutes.</p>

      <p>“Here we are.” With Takahisa’s arm still clutched against her chest, the girl stopped before a building.</p>

      <p>“Where...?” Takahisa asked nervously, glancing around at their surroundings.</p>

      <p>The building was located on a backstreet away from the main road of the bustling red-light district. There were fewer people around than on the main road, but there were still couples walking intimately together here and there.</p>

      <p>“This is the brothel I work at. My room is in here,” the girl said curtly.</p>

      <p>“B-Brothel...?” In contrast, Takahisa’s voice cracked with nervousness.</p>

      <p>“Of course. This is where I work”</p>

      <p>Takahisa’s thoughts seemed to have come to a halt, as he looked up at the brothel without saying anything. The four-story stone building had the appearance of a high-class store.</p>

      <p>“It’s a high-class store. It might not be as fancy as the buildings nobles live in, but it’s still impressive, no?”</p>

      <p>“Wh-Why is there a high-class store in a backstreet...?”</p>

      <p>“We’re high-class, so we’re on the backstreet and not the main one. The better clients prefer stores that are out of the public gaze. Now, let’s go in.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait...!”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. Keep quiet or they might get suspicious.”</p>

      <p>Takahisa tried to protest, but the girl dragged him along by the arm. They entered the store together.</p>

      <p>“One new customer coming in,” the girl said to the man at the counter of the store. She made quick work of the process to check him in. The receptionist at the counter stared sharply at Takahisa, who averted his gaze nervously.</p>

      <p>“Enjoy yourself,” he said, welcoming Takahisa with a chuckle.</p>

      <p>“This way please, dear customer. My room is on the second floor.”</p>

      <p>The girl entwined herself around Takahisa’s arm and began leading the way in an overly flirtatious tone. Her manner of speech was also different, but that was probably because the receptionist was watching.</p>

      <p>Takahisa was taken aback.</p>

      <p>“Come now, let’s get to my room quickly.”</p>

      <p>The girl pulled Takahisa’s arm and led him to the stairs. They went up to the second floor and turned into the corridor that stretched from left to right. There were around eight rooms on the second floor.</p>

      <p>There was no one else to be seen in the silent corridor. But just like how the sound of a clock was more noticeable in a completely silent room, the faint sound of coquettish moans and creaking beds sounded exaggeratedly loud to Takahisa.</p>

      <p>On top of that, the smell of sweet incense he’d noticed when he entered the building had grown noticeably stronger. Whether it was because the scent had an aphrodisiac effect or because it was combined with the sounds leaking from the individual rooms, one couldn’t be sure.</p>

      <p>Takahisa felt his entire body flush with heat; there was even a blush on his face that was clear to any onlooker. The softness and warmth of the girl embracing his arm was keenly felt through his clothes.</p>

      <p><em>Guh...!</em></p>

      <p>Miharu’s pure smile flashed across Takahisa’s mind. In addition to the awkwardness and shame he had suppressed until now, his guilt started boiling like magma.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey. I’m going to go back after all.” Takahisa turned around and tried to leave, but the girl wouldn’t release him.</p>

      <p>“You can’t. Like I told you before we came in, I’ll cover the fee. You just have to stay here until time’s up.”</p>

      <p>“Why would you go as far as paying for yourself...?”</p>

      <p>“I already told you why. The penalty for letting you escape would cost me more. I’d be better off covering you with my own money. I was doomed the moment the young master ordered me to make business with you.”</p>

      <p>“That has nothing to do with me though... And how do I know you’re not trying to trick me? You could just say you won’t pay once the time’s up...”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right. I could’ve done that.”</p>

      <p>“See! I knew it!” Takahisa tried to distance himself in a hurry, but the girl still wouldn’t let go.</p>

      <p>“If I was thinking of doing that, I wouldn’t have admitted it so easily. And I couldn’t even think of that myself, so you must be really smart,” she said, in awe of Takahisa.</p>

      <p>Takahisa was still skeptical as he looked at the girl.</p>

      <p>“Okay. Then as soon as we enter my room, I’ll give you the money before anything else. That should solve things, right?” the girl suggested with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Well... I suppose...”</p>

      <p>Although he still had his doubts, Takahisa nodded a little less reluctantly. When the girl noticed that, she resumed dragging him by the arm.</p>

      <p>“Come on, my room’s this way.”</p>

      <p>And so, the two finally entered a room.</p>

      <p>“Go ahead.” The girl unlocked the door to her room, turned on the light, and invited Takahisa inside. As soon as he stepped in, he stood still and glanced around the room restlessly.</p>

      <p>“I’d prefer you didn’t stare so closely... This room is my room for both work and living. Is there anything strange about it?” The girl peered at the side of Takahisa’s face with a somewhat uncomfortable look.</p>

      <p>“Oh, sorry. No, it was just bigger than I expected... It’s a nice room.”</p>

      <p>In fact, it was a very nice room. There was easily over fifteen square meters of space, allowing a comfortable layout for a single person with limited furniture. The only things placed in the room were a double bed, wardrobe, bath bucket, and water clock to measure the time, so there was plenty of space left.</p>

      <p>All the furniture was of good quality, and the space was neat and tidy. It seemed true that this was a high-class store. However...</p>

      <p>“A nice room, huh...” Self-mockery with a trace of gloom showed on the girl’s face.</p>

      <p>“Hmm?” Takahisa sensed something and observed the girl’s expression curiously. But the girl quickly turned around to face away from him.</p>

      <p>“Like I said, this is a high-class establishment. And that makes me a high-class brothel worker—though I’m still a novice,” the girl said proudly, before walking over to the wardrobe. There was a safe inside, from which she took out a single coin.</p>

      <p>“Here,” she said after returning to Takahisa’s side, holding out the coin.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Takahisa tilted his head and looked at the dark gray coin.</p>

      <p>“The fee for this place. One hour is one large silver. We agreed I’d give it to you as soon as we got to my room, remember?”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...”</p>

      <p>Takahisa finally understood why the girl was holding out the coin to him. He hesitated for a moment before reaching out to accept it, but he noticed the girl’s hand was trembling.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong...?”</p>

      <p>“This large silver is about two weeks of my salary. And yet... Yet...”</p>

      <p>It seemed the girl was reluctant about handing Takahisa the large silver coin.</p>

      <p>“Two weeks of your salary is the fee for one customer?”</p>

      <p>Takahisa didn’t know how many customers she had in a week, but wasn’t she being exploited if two weeks of her salary was the same as what one customer paid? That was what Takahisa was implying.</p>

      <p>“Even if a customer pays one large silver, I don’t get even ten percent of that. The rent for this room, the cost of clothes for work, the handling fee the brothel charges, the various debts to be repaid... A lot of it gets deducted for many reasons.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” Takahisa seemed to feel sorry for her, as he hesitated to take the coin.</p>

      <p>“Go on, take it.” She grabbed his hand herself and placed the large silver in his palm.</p>

      <p>“You sure?”</p>

      <p>“Of course I’m sure, I’m the one who suggested it. But a promise is a promise, so you have to stay in my room until the entire time is up.”</p>

      <p>The girl released the hand she pushed the coin into and spoke as though she was trying to convince herself as well.</p>

      <p>“All right.” Either way, he had nowhere to go. Takahisa nodded sluggishly.</p>

      <p>“Ah... My precious large silver...”</p>

      <p>The girl sighed and moved to the water clock beside the bed. She started measuring the time before returning to the wardrobe. Then, for some reason, she began to remove her dress.</p>

      <p>“Hey! Wh-What are you—?!” Takahisa turned his back to her in a hurry.</p>

      <p>“These clothes are tight around the chest, so I get tired wearing them. You’re a guest, not a customer—I should be allowed to feel comfortable in my own room, no?” the girl explained as she changed. She revealed her naked body in front of Takahisa without any concern of him seeing her.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Takahisa gulped at the sound of rustling fabric behind him.</p>

      <p>“You can look if you want,” the girl said with a chuckle, still naked.</p>

      <p>“I won’t!” Takahisa stubbornly kept his back turned.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>