<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue"><div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue</h1>

      <p>The pillar of fire in the red-light district was visible from the royal castle.</p>

      <p>It was eerie, and it was ominous. What was happening? The sky was still dim, yet the castle was in an uproar. A crowd had formed in the garden of the mansion where the girls lived as well.</p>

      <p>“Those flames...”</p>

      <p>Satsuki’s face tensed as she stared at the burning flames in the distance. The way it was burning was far from natural. Someone had clearly created those flames artificially and was using sorcery or spirit arts to control them. And when Satsuki thought of the ability to control flames, one thing came to mind.</p>

      <p>“Don’t tell me...”</p>

      <p>Satsuki shook her head, dismissing the thought. Aki and Masato were nearby, looking on uneasily. Eventually, the flames ceased, but the garden of the mansion was silent for a long time.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey... Those flames...” Masato eventually said, nervously.</p>

      <p>Aki looked around restlessly in order to shake off the bad feeling she had, but Miharu was nowhere to be seen in the garden.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, where’d Miharu go?!” she exclaimed.</p>

      <p>Just then, a vast amount of magic essence appeared in the sky above the castle. Feeling pressure great enough to shake the air, those that could sense the essence immediately got ready for combat.</p>

      <p>“Is that the presence of a spirit?!”</p>

      <p>Sara and the other spirit folk girls looked at the corner of the garden with a gasp. Their contract spirits had informed them of the spirit presence they had detected. Standing there was Aishia, in the middle of putting on her mask.</p>

      <p>“Who...?” Everyone tilted their head curiously.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia?! Why did she materialize... No, then that thing must be very bad news.</em></p>

      <p>That is, everyone besides Celia, who guessed at the reason as to why Aishia had appeared. After all, whatever had appeared in the sky had a tremendous amount of essence.</p>

      <p>“Run away!” Aishia said, flying up into the air. Even though she was normally detached from her emotions, there was a strong sense of urgency in her voice.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, something bad is sure to happen if you stay! Hurry!” Celia said to everyone.</p>

      <p>It was at this moment that Miharu came out of the front door of the mansion. She slowly trudged forward with a dazed look on her face.</p>

      <p>“This way, Miharu! Quickly!”</p>

      <p>Celia called Miharu over to her in a fluster. But Miharu merely came to a stop and stared up at the sky as though she hadn’t heard her.</p>

      <p><em>What’s wrong, Miharu?!</em></p>

      <p>Celia tried to rush over to Miharu, But Miharu opened her mouth.</p>

      <p>“<em>Assumo</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Celia doubted her ears. That <em>spell? How? Why?</em> All kinds of questions rushed through her head.</p>

      <p>“<em>Exemplar: Septimum Caelum Vel Persona</em>.”</p>

      <p>Miharu continued reciting the spell and activated her magic.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>