<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 24</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue_1"><div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, sometime later, far away in the Holy Kingdom of Almada, in the Holy City Tonerico...</p>

      <p>It was early morning, not long after the sun started rising. Rio and Sora had decided to go back down into the labyrinth. They were on their way to the giant entrance of the labyrinth when they encountered a familiar face.</p>

      <p>“Hey, if it isn’t Rio and Sora. We meet again,” Eru said to them happily.</p>

      <p>“You’re...Eru?” Rio and Sora came to a stop and blinked at her.</p>

      <p>“The same one you met yesterday.” Eru recounted how they had eaten at a restaurant in the capital together yesterday with a nostalgic look.</p>

      <p>“Erm... You remember us?” As a transcendent one and their disciple, Rio and Sora were easily forgotten existences. Rio was extremely surprised to hear she remembered them.</p>

      <p>“Like I said, I’m confident in my memory. Besides, it was just yesterday.”</p>

      <p>“Well, yes, I suppose...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, seeing your faces has made me hungry for paeja again. You promised to treat me to your homemade paeja next time, right?”</p>

      <p>“I did... But what are you doing here, Eru?” Confused, Rio kept the conversation going.</p>

      <p>“Yesterday, I told you to check out the labyrinth yourself if you were interested in it, right? So I figured I’d meet you two again if I waited here. It was exactly as I expected,” Eru said with a shady smile.</p>

      <p>“I see... That’s an incredible coincidence... No, or was it a coincidence?” Rio tilted his head as he said that out loud.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps it was inevitable, considering the relationship between you and me. No, between all of us. Sora included,” Eru said, looking at Sora.</p>

      <p>“Inevitable?” Rio stiffened a little.</p>

      <p>“Yes. The truth is, I was going to tell you something important if I met you today. A secret just between the three of us.”</p>

      <p>“What kind of secret?”</p>

      <p>“Regarding your— Huh?”</p>

      <p>Just as Eru was about to say her important secret, the space around Rio distorted. The last thing he saw was Eru moving her mouth to say something...before the distortion in space swallowed him and Sora. The two suddenly vanished.</p>

      <p>“Oh, my...” Eru was left behind by herself. After a while, she sighed with equal parts frustration and exasperation.</p>

      <p>“Good grief... This is that woman’s fault, isn’t it?” she mumbled with a pout.</p>

      <p>“It seems like this future was predicted, big brother.”</p>

      <p>She gazed in the direction of the bright sun rising in the east, the direction of the Galarc Kingdom.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>