<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Meanwhile...</h1>

      <p>Just as Rio left the village with Christina and Flora, First Prince Duran of the Paladia Kingdom bid his farewell to Rio and stopped by the village before his return to the castle. The villagers watched him enter their village fearfully, but he didn’t even spare them a glance as he headed straight for the path that led to the main road. In his hand was Lucius’s sword that he’d gotten from Rio.</p>

      <p>“Why, if it isn’t Prince Duran.”</p>

      <p>Just as he was about to leave the village, someone appeared in Duran’s way. It was Reiss, the Proxia Empire’s ambassador.</p>

      <p>“Oh? And when did you get here?” Duran replied with a grin.</p>

      <p>“Moments ago. Just as Lucius was killed, in fact. Good grief, what a sly scheme,” Reiss lamented with a sigh as he protested.</p>

      <p>Duran gave a dramatic shrug of his shoulders and feigned ignorance. “Hmm? I do not recall scheming anything.”</p>

      <p>“You ignored my request in favor of Lucius’s, did you not?”</p>

      <p>“I was merely told by Lucius that the plan had changed. There was no way for me to tell which request was the real one, so I believed the person who came to me directly.”</p>

      <p>“Why did you give me a false location, then? It is a matter of fact that you deceived me regarding Haruto Amakawa and Lucius’s location. I ended up searching around an unrelated area because of you.”</p>

      <p>After Lucius had used the teleport crystal to Paladia, Aishia pursued Reiss. Once he had barely made his getaway, he flew to Paladia and visited Duran. But when he asked about Rio and Lucius’s whereabouts, he was told Rio had been sent elsewhere and Lucius had gone after him.</p>

      <p>“Bwa ha ha! That’s because the situation changed after I spoke to you. I don’t know how and why it changed, but Haruto reappeared before me once you left. Then Lucius reappeared as well. After that, I followed Lucius’s orders and lured Haruto to this village. But who would’ve expected Lucius to outwit a man like you? You sure seem panicked about it,” Duran lied smoothly, claiming his innocence with confidence.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, I was utterly deceived this time...and went through quite the ordeal as a result. Well, what’s done is done. With Lucius dead, there’s no way of finding out the truth, and I don’t intend to punish you either.” Reiss sighed and backed away reluctantly.</p>

      <p>“That aside, I’m impressed you made it here. How did you know this was the place?” Duran asked out of curiosity.</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing to be impressed about considering I didn’t make it in time. I pretty much arrived just as the finishing blow was being dealt. As for how, well—it’s a secret,” Reiss said. He then looked at the sword in Duran’s hand.</p>

      <p>Duran noticed Reiss’s gaze and tried to wrap up the conversation quickly. “Hmm. I suppose it doesn’t matter. So, what business do you have with me? I’d like to get back to the capital soon.”</p>

      <p>“Now, don’t be hasty. I have a favor to ask of you—could you return that sword to me?”</p>

      <p>“‘Return’? That’s strange. When Lucius was killed, Haruto became this sword’s owner, correct? And I received this from him because he said he didn’t need it. You’re telling me to return a sword that rightfully belongs to me?”</p>

      <p>“That sword originally belonged to me—I let Lucius borrow it. I’m its true owner.”</p>

      <p>“Do you have proof of that?” Duran chuckled with a grin.</p>

      <p>“Of course, I won’t ask you to return it for free. I will offer several enchanted swords from our country in exchange.” It was an extraordinary offer.</p>

      <p>“Oho, so you say this sword has the worth of several enchanted swords? I expected it to be exceptional based on the spell embedded within, but...” Duran didn’t bite right away.</p>

      <p>“I won’t deny it, but that sword is a particularly evil blade with a past.”</p>

      <p>“Are you saying it’s cursed?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not certain, but that sword has a mind of its own. It savors the blood of the living and swallows the souls of those it kills. It’s said that it ultimately eats the soul of its owner too,” Reiss said with a creepy grin.</p>

      <p>“A sword that eats its owner... You think I’ll be eaten?” Duran laughed heartily, then looked down at Lucius’s sword. The blade was completely enshrouded in darkness, reflecting no light at all.</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s if you’re able to bring out the power of that sword in the first place. It’s rather particular about its owner. The sword won’t approve of you unless you’re a deviant like Lucius; someone who gives in to his negative emotions and enjoys killing others. If someone unsuited for the sword uses it, they’ll merely be swinging a sharp sword with a black blade.”</p>

      <p>“Interesting. Let’s test that out,” Duran sneered, sending magic essence into Lucius’s sword. This was the way of testing aptitude for most enchanted swords in the world. If the wielder was found to be suitable for the blade, they would sense it right away.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. No good, huh?” Duran huffed, unamused.</p>

      <p>“Well? Do you feel like returning it now?” Reiss grinned.</p>

      <p>“Fine, an exchange it is,” Duran agreed, clicking his tongue. “Bring the enchanted swords of your choice—I’ll hold on to this until then.” He was stubbornly thinking about having his knights test their aptitude for the sword.</p>

      <p>“Understood. I shall return to the Proxia Empire on a later date and pick out several swords before sending a messenger to your castle. I have some minor business to attend to after this, so it won’t be immediate—but no longer than two or three weeks.” Reiss bowed his head with a fake-looking smile.</p>

      <p>Duran narrowed his eyes. “Minor business, you say... Is it related to Haruto?”</p>

      <p>“How sharp of you.” Reiss’s mouth warped with a chuckle, not bothering to hide anything.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t it obvious? You asked me to cooperate in luring Haruto in the first place. Now that Lucius made the first move and failed, it’s only natural to assume your goal has yet to be achieved.”</p>

      <p>In which case one would assume Reiss’s next target would be Haruto himself.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t just fail at achieving my goal—it’s no longer possible to achieve at all now that Lucius is dead. My plan was to arrange a duel between Lucius and the boy, you see,” Reiss answered somberly.</p>

      <p>“If so, I don’t see the reason why Lucius would act against you, since it seemed to me that he desired a duel with Haruto as well...” Why hadn’t the two cooperated with each other? Duran hadn’t heard anything regarding that from Lucius, so he cocked his head dubiously.</p>

      <p>“I don’t understand either. Our goals and interests were perfectly aligned, yet for some reason Lucius couldn’t trust me as a partner. This is why humans are such...”</p>

      <p><em>Mystifying creatures</em>. Reiss sighed as though to say that.</p>

      <p>“You certainly are the shadiest man I’ve ever met—enough to feel apprehension at the thought of entrusting my back to you in a war. I can relate to Lucius there,” Duran laughed heartily.</p>

      <p>“I try to act as rationally as possible in order to be trusted, though.”</p>

      <p>“Too rational. You should learn to be emotional when necessary.”</p>

      <p>“Emotions, you say... Sounds difficult. Well then, I suppose I should leave now.” Reiss sneered, then made to leave the area. He was heading for the battlefield where Haruto had fought Lucius.</p>

      <p>“Wait,” Duran called out.</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“I know you have your own mysteries, but you can’t win against Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“I am aware. I nearly died when I fought him, after all.” Reiss nodded plainly at Duran’s blunt words.</p>

      <p>“Why are you going after him? I watched his fight with Lucius, and it’s clear that you’ll be walking into your own death. I don’t care if you anger him and cause trouble for the Proxia Empire, but he’s also an honorary knight of Galarc, no? At worst, he could show up on the battlefield if Galarc and Proxia go to war. Paladia is allied with Proxia, so I’ll be at risk of facing him—and I don’t intend on fighting a lost battle, you know?” Duran emphasized with a sharp tone, putting some heat behind his words.</p>

      <p>“I can follow that train of thought, but what do you want me to do about it?”</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you to turn back if you’re going to provoke him needlessly. If Proxia’s ambassador shows up in a situation where the Beltrum princesses were abducted, then Proxia’s involvement in the incident will be assumed. The suspicion towards Paladia will also heighten.”</p>

      <p>They were already toeing the edge of the gray zone in their current state, but if Reiss pulled something now, they’d be completely standing in the red zone.</p>

      <p>Reiss gave a rare chuckle of amusement. “Ha ha ha! Harsh, but fair. Rest assured, I don’t plan on launching a surprise attack on him or anything. It wouldn’t have been an issue if Lucius had outwitted me and won, but the situation has changed now that he’s been defeated,” he replied seriously to Duran’s concerns about Rio.</p>

      <p>“What do you intend on doing in the direction you’re heading, then?”</p>

      <p>“They’re all important figures, you see—Princess Christina and Princess Flora included. I’m going to observe their next move from afar. But I won’t make a move on them while they’re still in the Paladia Kingdom. I do value my life somewhat,” Reiss said with a shrug, passing by Duran and walking away.</p>

      <p><em>It’s none of my business if he drops dead somewhere... But he’s been acting more suspiciously ever since the heroes were summoned. Hmm.</em></p>

      <p>Duran glared sharply at Reiss’s back and sensed that something unknown was about to occur.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in the forest on the outskirts of Rodania, Celia was visiting the stone house with Aishia. The encounter with Reiss in Rodania, pursuing him with Aishia, and being retrieved by Orphia midway to hide in the stone house had all happened the day before yesterday.</p>

      <p>Once Aishia defeated Reiss and returned to the stone house, Celia immediately left to check on the situation in Rodania. There she learned that Christina and Flora were missing and spent the entirety of yesterday in Rodania watching over the situation for any developments before sneaking out to the stone house today. Welcomed by Miharu, Latifa, Sara, Orphia, and Alma, she sat down on the sofa in the living room with Aishia.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the other day, everyone. I wanted to come visit yesterday, but a dire situation has cropped up in the Restoration.” Celia looked around at everyone as she thanked them, then sighed worriedly.</p>

      <p>“What happened?” Sara asked.</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina and Princess Flora have gone missing.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Everyone present was shocked.</p>

      <p>“They apparently disappeared on their way back from the Galarc Kingdom. The enchanted ship they were on was attacked and many on board were killed,” Celia explained with a frown.</p>

      <p>“They still haven’t been found yet, right? Do you have any leads...?” Orphia asked.</p>

      <p>“They haven’t. There are no leads either. Their bodyguard, Vanessa, miraculously survived, but she lost so much blood that she’s still unconscious even now...”</p>

      <p>“Vanessa...”</p>

      <p>“Will she be all right...?”</p>

      <p>Orphia and Alma worried.</p>

      <p>“She’ll be fine... I think. Her wounds have been closed with healing magic, her breathing is stable, and she doesn’t have a fever or anything,” Celia explained.</p>

      <p>“If there’s anything we can do to help out with the search for Christina...” Sara offered with a worried face. Sara, Orphia, and Alma had traveled together with Christina and Vanessa from Cleia to Rodania, so they weren’t strangers.</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” Celia said happily, then immediately switched to a stern expression. “But you should stay and strengthen our defenses here. Aishia defeated Reiss, but the fact Princess Christina and Princess Flora were attacked is unsettling. You shouldn’t leave while Rio isn’t here.”</p>

      <p>“I understand...” Sara nodded quietly.</p>

      <p>“The timing is a little strange, though. Christina and Flora’s disappearance outside Rodania coincided with Reiss’s appearance inside Rodania... I imagine the two incidents are related,” Alma said thoughtfully.</p>

      <p>“You think so too? We never found out Reiss’s goal in infiltrating the building either...” Even without evidence, the suspicion surrounding Reiss was there. Celia bit down on her lip listlessly.</p>

      <p>Miharu hesitantly raised her hand. “Is it possible that you were his target?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... I don’t think so. He tried to flee as soon as we ran into him. And he actually fled too... I think it’d be more natural to assume he had business in the central office,” Celia answered. The fact Reiss’s first action had been to drop everything and run made her think she wasn’t the target.</p>

      <p>“Did you tell the people of the Restoration that Reiss had snuck into the building?” Orphia asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I informed them that a man resembling the Proxia Empire’s ambassador had snuck into the building and fled as soon as I saw him. No one else was there to witness it, so I hid Aishia’s presence, but...”</p>

      <p>“What did the people of the Restoration say?” Alma asked.</p>

      <p>“They pretty much had the same opinion as me—that he had snuck into the central office in order to steal something from the Restoration. They also said they’re considering the possibility of the airship attack being the work of the Proxia Empire or a collaborative effort between Reiss and Duke Arbor’s faction. Though they couldn’t see any reason why the ambassador himself would do something like this... They’ll be looking into it further alongside the search for the princesses.” When Celia finished speaking, she sighed heavily.</p>

      <p>“Celia? You don’t look too good. Are you all right?” Latifa asked, staring at Celia’s face.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’m fine.” Celia nodded with a gentle smile to reassure her, but it was still clear she was pushing herself.</p>

      <p>Latifa turned her thoughts to Rio worriedly. “I hope Onii-chan comes home soon...”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>