<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Oh, is that so... There are lots of people anticipating our engagement, so I reckon it’d be better to meet their expectations...” Shaken by how directly he had been rejected, Hiroaki’s voice trembled.</p>

      <p>“Who would those people be?” Liselotte asked calmly.</p>

      <p>“Y’know, like the Galarc Kingdom and the Restoration. Christina and Flora disappearing has left things in a huge mess, after all. If we married for the sake of our respective parties, we’d be opening up the future for everyone.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, you’d find a brighter future for the Restoration and Galarc in marrying Princess Rosalie instead of a duke’s daughter like me.” After all, it would be an engagement between a hero and a princess. They would naturally have a greater influence than a betrothal to a duke’s daughter as the third wife.</p>

      <p>“I see... So the meeting is over, then.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki pursed his lips unhappily. The marriage discussion with Liselotte had ended in failure.</p>

      <p>After that, Hiroaki and Liselotte returned to the drawing room with King Francois and Duke Huguenot to inform them of their decision. An awkward air hung in the room after they heard the result.</p>

      <p>“Well, there was no point in getting engaged when we had no romantic interest in each other, I guess,” Hiroaki uttered indignantly, giving a short reason why the proposal had failed. The one who reacted with the most shock was Duke Huguenot—the engagement to Liselotte had been the condition Hiroaki required, so his composure faltered under his desire to speak to him right away.</p>

      <p>Francois seemed to read the atmosphere. “There’s nothing that can be done if it wasn’t meant to be. Let us end this meeting here,” he announced.</p>

      <p>“Sir Hiroaki, do you have a moment? You come along too, Roanna. We shall see you again later, Princess Rosalie.”</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot immediately left the room with Hiroaki and Roanna.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>“Rosalie, you may return to your quarters,” Francois said after the members of the Restoration had left the room.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Father.”</p>

      <p>Third Princess Rosalie left, leaving behind Francois, Liselotte, and her parents. The next moment, two figures stood at the doorway of the room. The Galarc king had summoned the hero, Sumeragi Satsuki, and Second Princess Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“Can we enter now?”</p>

      <p>“What a boring wait.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki and Charlotte spoke up respectively.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>