<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Recuperation of the Royal Sisters</h1>

      <p>Rio picked up Flora, who had lost consciousness and fallen asleep. He carried Christina on his back and prepared to depart.</p>

      <p>“Now, shall we get going? I won’t move that fast, but please hold on tightly to make sure you don’t fall off. You only have to cast the healing magic to a degree you can handle too,” Rio said to Christina before they left. Since he was carrying her on his back, her face was right before him when he turned to look over his shoulder.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay...” Christina replied in a faint whisper.</p>

      <p><em>What should I do? I stink, don’t I?</em></p>

      <p>She was uneasy over that. She had sweat a ton walking around the forest, hadn’t had a bath, her dress was in tatters, and yet she had to cling to Rio in order to avoid being thrown off.</p>

      <p><em>“She’s filthy and she reeks. I have no interest in holding such women.”</em></p>

      <p>She recalled Duran’s words and felt even more uneasy; he had even said she looked just like a beggar. In contrast, there was a faint scent of soap on Rio, making her even more aware of her own body odor.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter?” Rio felt Christina stirring on his back and turned his head slightly to look at her.</p>

      <p>“N-No, it’s nothing!” Christina shook her head, her voice sounding shrill. She casually slackened her hold around Rio.</p>

      <p>“Umm, could you hold on a little more tightly?” he warned immediately.</p>

      <p>“R-Right...” Christina hesitantly tightened her arms around Rio’s upper body. However, from how timid she was acting, it was clear she was still feeling reserved.</p>

      <p>“Is there something wrong after all...?” Rio asked carefully.</p>

      <p>Christina blushed and ducked her head. “I-It’s nothing, really...” she whispered. It was almost like the action of an ordinary shy girl—an unimaginable look for her usual dauntless self.</p>

      <p>“That’s good, then... Oh, Your Highness wouldn’t normally have to cling to a man like this, right? I apologize for saying something so tactless. The journey won’t take long, but I’m sorry for this.” Rio seemed to realize the reason for Christina’s bashfulness and apologized awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Oh, no, that’s not it... I’m the one who should apologize for dirtying your clothing in such a state...” Christina explained in a faint voice. She wasn’t able to ask if she reeked, so she went about it indirectly.</p>

      <p>Rio was finally convinced he didn’t need to worry with that. “If you’re going to say that, then my coat is stained with blood as well. I’ll have to prepare a change of clothes and a bath for us once we’re done traveling,” he chuckled.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much...” Christina quietly tightened her grip around Rio again.</p>

      <p>“Now, let’s get going.” With Christina and Flora secured, Rio moved to leave. He kicked off from the ground and used wind spirit arts to float gently into the air. Then, once he reached an altitude of ten meters or so, Christina tightened her hold on him even more.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” She glanced around, dropping her gaze down to the ground.</p>

      <p>“You won’t fall, so don’t worry,” Rio said, guessing Christina’s thoughts from her reaction. He had revealed his flying spirit arts during his battle with Lucius, so he didn’t have to hide that anymore.</p>

      <p>“Um... How are you flying right now?” Christina asked timidly.</p>

      <p>“I’m manipulating the wind to fly,” Rio explained broadly. He had used his spirit arts without holding back in his fight with Lucius; it’d be impossible to explain every one of the abilities he used as an effect of his enchanted sword—Christina wouldn’t believe it. It was clear he’d have to explain spirit arts, but he hadn’t decided how much detail he’d have to go into yet.</p>

      <p>“I-I see...” Christina hummed, looking around at the scenery in a daze. Perhaps she didn’t know how far she should pry, or perhaps her thoughts weren’t able to keep up with the series of shocking truths she’d been given. Perhaps it was both.</p>

      <p>They were currently off the road at a hilly area with a great view, and she found herself captivated by the scenery.</p>

      <p>“There’s a lot I have to explain, and I’m sure you have a lot of questions as well. It’s embarrassing to admit, but so much has happened that my head hasn’t caught up yet, so could you allow me some of your time for that once we’ve rested?”</p>

      <p>“R-Right... That’s right, I have to treat your wound. Shall I start casting my magic around here?” Christina snapped back to her senses and extended the right arm she had reached around Rio’s chest. She placed her hand over his left arm where the bloodstain was and confirmed if treatment was required.</p>

      <p>“Yes. But if you’re not in the right position to do so, it’s fine.”</p>

      <p>“No, I can manage.” Christina uttered the spell <em>Cura</em> and a magic circle appeared by her right hand, glowing faintly. All that was left was to wait for time to pass. She watched Rio’s left arm closely.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>“Uh... Y-You’re welcome.”</p>

      <p>Because she had her arm extended out to heal, her face had moved right beside Rio’s before she realized it. When she noticed Rio’s face was close enough to kiss her if he turned his head, Christina immediately flushed bright red.</p>

      <p>Despite that, she didn’t stop the treatment and continued casting her magic.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Several minutes later, Rio arrived at a rocky area several kilometers southwest of where he fought Lucius.</p>

      <p><em>This should do.</em></p>

      <p>If the best place to hide a tree was a forest, then the best place for the stone house to blend into the surroundings would be a rocky area. The surroundings appeared to be uninhabited as well, so it was the perfect spot to set it up.</p>

      <p>Showing them the stone house would end up revealing information he wanted to keep hidden, but with Flora in the state she was in, the situation was an emergency. Since bringing Christina and Flora to the city in their tattered dresses would just attract unwanted attention, he decided to set up a place where they could rest quickly.</p>

      <p>“We’re landing here.” With that warning, Rio descended the dozen-odd meters to the ground.</p>

      <p>“What are we doing in this rocky area...?” Christina looked around the area curiously. Rio landed soon after, allowing her to confirm that there really wasn’t anything of interest around.</p>

      <p>“You can get down here.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.” At Rio’s prompting, Christina obediently stepped down onto the ground. Meanwhile, Rio sent his magic essence through his feet and into the ground, using his spirit arts to flatten the foundation. His sword played a supplementary role to the activation of his spirit arts, so stabbing it into the ground would be faster, but his hands were full with Flora right now.</p>

      <p>“The ground...is moving?” Christina muttered, looking down.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to use an artifact with space sorcery to take out a house. This is just in preparation for that.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>“It may be faster to see for yourself. <em>Dissolvo</em>.” The foundation was flattened just at that moment, so Rio chanted the spell to use the Time-Space Cache he wore on his arm. Immediately after, the space before Rio and Christina distorted, and a huge boulder appeared with a heavy thud.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Christina blinked.</p>

      <p>Rio ignored her and walked towards the entrance, opening the door nimbly while still carrying Flora. “Come in. This is the entrance. After you.” He knew there’d be no end if he started explaining everything, so he decided to put it off until he could explain everything at once later.</p>

      <p>Christina was speechless for a long moment, but she eventually determined there’d be no end if she stopped to be surprised by everything.</p>

      <p>“Okay...” she said, following Rio to the entrance. But the living space she entered was so comfortable, she lost her words once again. The stone house wasn’t decorated with the extravagant ornaments preferred by the noble class, but it was constructed far better than the average noble estate.</p>

      <p>Rio entered the house after Christina and closed the door behind him. “I’d like to set Princess Flora down to sleep, but a change of clothes comes first, right? There are spare clothes that belong to Miharu and the other girls in the wardrobe room at the back. Can you go check to see if any are a suitable size?”</p>

      <p>Rio had two stone houses: the one he first received, and the one he was gifted when leaving the spirit folk village with Sara and the others. Since it was a burden to carry clothes between the two houses, there was a spare set of clothes stored in each house for everyone.</p>

      <p>They couldn’t go to the market to buy more clothes in their current state, so he decided to lend them those clothes and apologize to the girls later. Rio himself couldn’t pick out the clothes—especially the underwear—so he asked Christina to select them herself.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, r-right.” Still unable to shake off her state of shock, Christina looked around the room curiously. She only snapped back to her senses when Rio called her name.</p>

      <p>“I’ll show you to the room where the spare clothes are stored, so could you please pick out a change of clothes for yourself and Princess Flora?” The change from the usually moody Christina to this person was new to Rio, who chuckled as he repeated his explanation.</p>

      <p>“Right...” Christina nodded, embarrassed at how absorbed she had been in taking in the house.</p>

      <p>“Once you find a suitable change of clothes, I’ll show you to the bathroom. If Princess Flora wakes up, you can give her a quick wash as well...”</p>

      <p>“She looks a lot better now, so I’ll borrow some clothes and try to wake her.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. For now, I’ll leave Princess Flora on the sofa and show you the way. Follow me.” Rio laid Flora down on the sofa and showed Christina to the wardrobe room. They arrived at the destination room a moment later.</p>

      <p>“This is the wardrobe room. The closet has clothes that are hard to fold, and the drawers have the rest. The closet is shared, but the drawers are separated by person, so once you find something that fits you, you can stick to using that drawer. I’ll explain the situation to the girls who own the clothes later. Please come back to the living room where Princess Flora is once you’re done. I’ll excuse myself for now,” Rio explained, looking around the room. He normally never entered the room, so even he didn’t know whose clothes were located where.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for doing all of this.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not a problem at all.”</p>

      <p>Christina bowed her head at Rio, who then left the room.</p>

      <p><em>Now, to quickly borrow some clothes and return to Flora... </em>She couldn’t keep Rio waiting for too long. Christina first opened a nearby drawer.</p>

      <p>“This compartment is for underwear... It’s all made by the Ricca Guild too. This one has skirts, and this one has shirts. If we’re not traveling anymore today, something comfortable should be good, right?”</p>

      <p>With that thought, Christina looked inside the closet. It was lined with tailored clothes like dresses and coats.</p>

      <p><em>Wow...</em> <em>Just how many people lived in this house?</em> she wondered, but it probably meant that she could find something her size. After that, Christina checked what kind of clothes were in the other drawers.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll just pick a dress since it’s easy to put on.</em></p>

      <p>She decided to borrow two dresses from the closet. The gowns she normally wore were too complicated to put on herself, but the dresses in the closet looked simple enough to wear easily. She held them up against her body to check their sizes, then picked one belonging to Sara and one belonging to Miharu. There was also a slip, so she borrowed that too.</p>

      <p><em>This size should be all right... Probably.</em></p>

      <p>She wouldn’t know how tight the clothes were until she actually wore them, but she’d dirty them with her dirt-stained body if she put them on like this. She was especially unsure about Flora’s size since she wasn’t here, but at worst she could borrow something else later.</p>

      <p><em>I should head back</em>.</p>

      <p>Christina closed the closet door and drawers, leaving things the way they originally were before exiting the room.</p>

      <p>Once she returned to the living room, she spotted Flora sleeping on the sofa. <em>Where’s Sir Amakawa...?</em></p>

      <p>“It looks like you found some clothes.”</p>

      <p>Christina looked around the room to see Rio leaving the kitchen with a tray of drinks.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I picked these dresses.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve prepared some cold drinks, so please help yourself.” Rio placed the tray on the table. The ice clattered around inside the metal mugs, melting in the drinks.</p>

      <p>“...” Christina gulped. She hadn’t been able to hydrate properly while walking around the forest, so her throat was parched.</p>

      <p>“Go ahead—help yourself.” Rio immediately reached for his own cup.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. I’ll drink it now.”</p>

      <p>It must’ve been a hot tea cooled with ice. It hadn’t been cooled to an icy degree yet, so it was the perfect temperature to swallow down in one gulp.</p>

      <p><em>Gulp, gulp</em>. Christina drank the tea with vigor. Once her parched body was hydrated enough, she let out a dreamy sigh. “Phew...”</p>

      <p>“There’s more if you’d like.” Rio immediately walked up to Christina and poured her a refill.</p>

      <p>“I-I apologize. Drinking it all in one gulp must have been unsightly,” Christina realized with a start, cheeks flushing.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. Make sure you hydrate yourself properly.” Rio shook his head and smiled.</p>

      <p>That made Christina’s face redden further. “Okay... Oh, umm. I have to wake Flora up as well. Flora, wake up.” She placed her cup on the table in a fluster and walked over to where Flora lay on the sofa. Then she gently shook her by the shoulder to wake her up.</p>

      <p>“...” Flora must have been exhausted as she didn’t wake up. But Flora had been sweating a lot since being poisoned, so if she continued to sleep like this, she was in danger of becoming dehydrated.</p>

      <p>“Flora. Flora?” Christina continued to call her name and shake her, forcing her to wake up.</p>

      <p>“Mm...” Flora eventually opened her eyes, slowly.</p>

      <p>“Thank goodness. Can you understand what I’m saying?”</p>

      <p>“Christina...?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. You remember what happened, right?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes... Sir Haruto came...then he gave me medicine...”</p>

      <p>“After that, Sir Amakawa brought us to a safe location. You might still be feeling bad, but we can’t have you getting dehydrated, so you need to drink something. Can you sit up?”</p>

      <p>“Yes...” Flora sat up with some support from Christina. Her gaze was still unfocused and bleary.</p>

      <p>“Here you are.” Rio handed Flora’s cup to Christina.</p>

      <p>“Go on, drink up.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much...” Flora wet her parched throat with Christina supporting the cup for her. Her body must have been craving hydration, as she mindlessly continued drinking. After some time passed, she moved her mouth away from the cup with a cute gasp of air.</p>

      <p>“I’ll pour you some more.” Rio approached Flora with the glass bottle of tea.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? Sir Haruto?” Flora looked up blankly.</p>

      <p>“Yes?” Rio cocked his head curiously.</p>

      <p>“Ah... R-Right. You’re the one who saved me. My mind is still fuzzy...”</p>

      <p>Apparently she hadn’t noticed Rio in her field of view until now. Now that she had rehydrated, her mind was clear enough for her to blush through the fatigue on her face.</p>

      <p>“Your body must be exhausted. The poison’s been removed by the medicine, but you should still take it easy for a while.”</p>

      <p>“How long will it take for her to fully recover?” Christina asked, worried for Flora.</p>

      <p>“She’ll have a slight fever for a few days and she might feel sluggish, but once that’s gone, she’ll be fully healed. Is it okay if I send you two to Rodania after that?”</p>

      <p>The spirit folks’ secret remedy was a powerful panacea that could heal everything other than bone fractures and external wounds, but it didn’t have an instant effect. Christina had also exhausted herself quite a bit, so the two of them would need to recover before they traveled.</p>

      <p>“Will you take us there...?” Christina asked, watching Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>“But we’re...”</p>

      <p>“Is there a reason why you shouldn’t return...?” Rio asked curiously.</p>

      <p>“Sir Amakawa... You’re...the boy...” Christina faltered, looking guilty. Flora was watching Rio’s face with a similar expression.</p>

      <p>“Are you referring to my past...?” Rio assumed.</p>

      <p>Christina nodded heavily. “Y-Yes. We’re now aware of your identity.”</p>

      <p>“And that’s the reason why I can’t take the two of you to Rodania, you’re saying?”</p>

      <p>“The Beltrum Kingdom wasn’t good to you, and I don’t believe you have a favorable impression of me either. I’ve also treated you terribly.” Christina had a serious expression, brooding over the things they had once done to him.</p>

      <p>“Speaking of terrible treatment... Come to think of it, the first time we met in the slums, you slapped me in the face,” Rio said, looking back on the past with a jesting laugh as though to clear the heavy atmosphere.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s... No, that too. I apologize sincerely for that. It was an extremely thoughtless action to take...” Christina recalled that moment as well and bowed her head with a blush.</p>

      <p>“Y-You did something like that, Christina...?” Flora was taken aback and blinked blankly.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes. I saw you unconscious on Sir Amakawa’s back in the slums and flew into a rage...” Christina explained with a fading voice.</p>

      <p>“If it’s about the slap, then I’m no longer bothered by it,” Rio said jokingly.</p>

      <p>“That’s not all. When you were being harassed by the students at the Academy, I turned a blind eye to it all. And the biggest problem was during the outdoor drill...” Christina referred to that incident with a bitter look.</p>

      <p>“Something did happen.”</p>

      <p>The outdoor drill was the trigger that caused Rio to leave the Beltrum Kingdom. That had been the last time he had seen Christina and Flora under the name of Rio as well.</p>

      <p>“At the time, I didn’t witness it myself, but I doubted the accusation that you were the one who pushed Flora off the cliff. Yet, despite that, I didn’t try to stand up for you,” Christina said shamefully.</p>

      <p>“If you didn’t witness it, then you shouldn’t fabricate testimony.” Rio didn’t seem particularly bothered.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>