<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Does this cat have its own will?” Christina asked, examining it closely.</p>

      <p>“No, I’m just controlling it. Shall I move it to Princess Christina’s hand?”</p>

      <p>Rio made the water cat jump down from Flora’s hand, walk across the table to Christina, then leap onto her hand instead.</p>

      <p>“Wow, it really is cold to the touch. Even though it looks alive...” Christina blinked, looking down at the mini water cat. The cat then jumped back down to the table and trotted back to Rio, before vanishing without a trace.</p>

      <p>“It was so cute...” Flora muttered in disappointment.</p>

      <p>Christina cleared her throat to remind her sister of the time and place. “Flora...”</p>

      <p>“R-Right.” Flora nodded.</p>

      <p>“If you’d like, I can make it again after I’m done explaining things,” Rio chuckled. Flora’s eyes sparkled again at that.</p>

      <p>Christina sighed, then recollected herself. “Spirit arts... It still uses magic essence like magic, right? As far as I know, it isn’t used in the Strahl region at all...”</p>

      <p>“In regards to your first question, you are correct. As for its use, the technique became obsolete after the use of sorcery and magic was popularized during the Divine War.”</p>

      <p>“Why did it become obsolete?”</p>

      <p>“As I mentioned just now, spirit arts require a far longer amount of time to learn than magic. An amateur could learn to use magic in as fast as a month if they have the magic essence for it, right? As long as they succeed in taking the spell formula into their body, they can activate it even with imperfect control over their essence.”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>“Meanwhile, in order to learn spirit arts to a usable level, the average person has to train for several years. Though this period can vary depending on talent.”</p>

      <p>“It takes that long...” Christina’s eyes widened in wonder.</p>

      <p>“Magic is a technique to alter the phenomena of the world, but you are aware most of the altering process is left to the spell formula, right?” said Rio. It was a topic learned in the Royal Academy.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Christina replied immediately.</p>

      <p>“In spirit arts, the caster is the one who does the altering the spell would have done on the world. The training for that is what takes several years. The other reason it became obsolete would be because the commanders of the armies back then wanted to unify their troops by making them use the same magic, I suppose.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>“Also, you don’t have to pay too much attention to this part, but once you take a spell formula into your body, you become unable to use spirit arts. The reason why I was unable to use magic when I was in the Academy was because I could already use spirit arts back then.”</p>

      <p>The real reason why Rio couldn’t learn magic was because he was contracted to a spirit at the time, but explaining Aishia and spirits was a bit too complicated, so he omitted it for now.</p>

      <p>“So that’s why...” Christina and Flora were both wide-eyed.</p>

      <p>“I explained spirit arts because it seemed necessary before I could talk about everything else, but I’ve digressed pretty far from the topic. Let’s go back to what happened after I fell from the cliff at the Royal Academy,” he said, getting back on topic. “After I fell from the cliff, I used spirit arts to land on the ground. I immediately climbed back up the cliff afterwards, but everyone was discussing who had pushed Princess Flora, so...”</p>

      <p>Rio explained the truth that Christina and Flora weren’t aware of. Since he had told them about spirit arts already, he didn’t need to go into detail about how he survived the fall from the cliff.</p>

      <p>“So you were there back then...” Christina grimaced, recalling the conversation that had taken place at the time.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I was unable to show myself, so I watched the discussion from behind a tree. It was Duke Huguenot’s son himself who claimed that I shoved him, causing Princess Flora to fall off the cliff.” Rather than seeming mad, Rio had a tired smile on his face.</p>

      <p>“I apologize for the situation...”</p>

      <p>“I-I apologize too.”</p>

      <p>Christina and Flora spoke with pale faces.</p>

      <p>Rio shook his head flatly. “No. Princess Flora, you were a victim of the incident; and Princess Christina, you weren’t the one who falsely accused me. There’s no need for either of you to apologize.”</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>“You didn’t see with your own eyes who pushed Princess Flora, right? And I recall Princess Flora tried to stand up for me. So please don’t worry about it,” Rio said, stopping Christina from objecting further.</p>

      <p>“Do you know who pushed Flora off the cliff, Sir Amakawa?” Christina asked, seeking the truth.</p>

      <p>“I do, but there’s no point in asking that now. There’s no guarantee that what I say will be the truth, and there’s no way of obtaining any objective evidence.”</p>

      <p>“Even so, as I said yesterday, I believe in your words. Back then, Stewart Huguenot claimed that you lost your mind in fear of the ambush and shoved him when he was injured. But I cannot believe a warrior like you would lose yourself over an ambush of that scale,” Christina stated immediately. There wasn’t even a hint of doubt in her words.</p>

      <p>“In that case, you can listen to this from the perspective of an eyewitness testimony. Do you remember how the monsters threw wooden spears from the forest and injured some of our squad? It was a very sudden ambush, so the scene immediately turned into chaos...”</p>

      <p>As a result, everyone’s attention was turned to the attacking monsters, and no one witnessed the moment Flora was thrust off the cliff. This meant Rio was the only one who had seen things properly, so he added context to his explanation.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Stewart was injured during that attack.”</p>

      <p>“When he was injured by the spear, he started wailing for someone to pull it out and thrashed about in a panic.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, does that mean he pushed Flora off the cliff?” Christina’s expression turned grim.</p>

      <p>“It’s true that he was pushed first, causing Princess Flora to get caught in the process. The only difference in my testimony is that it wasn’t me who pushed Duke Huguenot’s son, but another male student he sought help from. And so, when Duke Huguenot’s son was pushed away, he crashed into Princess Flora and caused her to fall.”</p>

      <p>“The male student who pushed Stewart must be aware he was the culprit, but was Stewart also aware that it was that male student who had pushed him?” Christina’s voice was trembling with anger.</p>

      <p>“Most likely.”</p>

      <p>He must have been looking at the face of the person he was seeking help from. “He knew, and he chose to blame you instead of that male student?”</p>

      <p>“If he was truly aware, then that would be the case.”</p>

      <p>“I truly cannot apologize enough,” Christina said, her face full of shame. She wasn’t just angry at the boys who tried to blame Rio, but also at herself for silently watching the whole thing take place.</p>

      <p>“Not to repeat myself, but you do not need to feel any responsibility for the crime that I was accused of. I may have disappeared with a false accusation on my head, but I planned on leaving the Beltrum Kingdom after graduating from the Academy anyway. It merely hastened my departure,” Rio said casually, explaining how there was no need to be bothered by this.</p>

      <p>“But if you weren’t falsely accused, you wouldn’t have had to use an alias like you do now,” Christina said, pointing out the inconvenience Rio was suffering right at this moment.</p>

      <p>“That may be true, but if acting as a different person is all it takes to avoid involvement with the people who accused me of the crime, then I’m happy to do so.” Rio’s voice remained simple and steady as he spoke.</p>

      <p>“Your view of this is too philosophical... You have more than enough reason to hate them, the Beltrum Kingdom, and the two of us. Yesterday, you said the things the Beltrum Kingdom and I did weren’t enough reason for you not to save us, but I cannot believe it. There’s no way you can feel so indifferent after suffering so much. Am I wrong?” Christina asked firmly, her refined face twisted in pain.</p>

      <p>“I suppose it would be a lie to say I feel nothing... I have no intentions of retaliation, but big or small, I no longer trust Beltrum’s nobility.” Rio frowned, hesitating.</p>

      <p>“It’s not something that can be settled with just distrust. It’s something worth hating for. You should be angry.”</p>

      <p><em>So please act angrier at me</em>, Christina implied bitterly.</p>

      <p>“As someone who finally sated their desire for revenge against someone, I know how tiring it is to hate someone and feel constantly angry. Approaching someone I hate would be out of the question when I can just live my life forgetting them. So I’d rather leave myself distanced without any contact. I’ll save my anger for the things I cannot forgive and forget,” Rio said with a lopsided smile. Only he knew the weight of his words, as he had fulfilled his revenge.</p>

      <p>“You’re... You’re truly too detached.”</p>

      <p>Christina averted her eyes from Rio as though he was too bright to look at. She muttered with her head down, her voice nearly faded. Rio’s complete lack of malice had left her shocked and somewhat disappointed.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true. A lot of the memories I have of Beltrum I can forget about with the passage of time, but there are some things that I absolutely cannot forgive.”</p>

      <p>Rio purposefully increased the sharpness of his tone. He was recalling how Duke Huguenot had raised Latifa as a slave.</p>

      <p>“What... What happened in our kingdom?”</p>

      <p>“It involves someone other than myself, so...” So it wasn’t something he should tell them.</p>

      <p>“Does it have to do with Professor Celia?” Christina asked.</p>

      <p>“It doesn’t involve Celia, so please drop the subject. If I have a chance to tell you in the future, I shall do so then,” Rio said, slowly shaking his head.</p>

      <p>“I understand...” Christina nodded, exchanging a look with Flora.</p>

      <p>“We’ve somewhat strayed off track, but that’s basically why Your Highnesses shouldn’t feel any responsibility about what happened to me in Beltrum.”</p>

      <p>“But...we still cannot allow that,” Christina protested with great difficulty.</p>

      <p>“Why not?”</p>

      <p>“Even if you hold no hate for me, I still did something terrible to you.”</p>

      <p>“I did too! I caused Sir Haruto so much trouble...”</p>

      <p>Christina and Flora both objected to Rio’s words.</p>

      <p>“I don’t really know what you’re talking about... Princess Christina, are you possibly referring to the slapping incident?”</p>

      <p>“L-Like I said, the slap was... No, the slap is part of it.” Christina blushed faintly, her spirit chipping away.</p>

      <p>“I had a bad temper back then myself... It’s possible I glared at you rebelliously and scared you. I also touched a princess with my dirty hands,” Rio said jokingly.</p>

      <p>“You weren’t dirty. You weren’t dirty at all!” Christina immediately interrupted firmly.</p>

      <p>“Christina...?”</p>

      <p>Flora looked at her sister in surprise—Christina didn’t raise her voice often.</p>

      <p>“I was the dirty one—<em>me</em>. You had nothing but pure intentions, saving Flora as you did, yet I said horrible things to you in the slums. I was far dirtier than you.” Christina confessed her sins from her beautifully shaped lips.</p>

      <p>“The situation was what it was.”</p>

      <p>“There you go again...” Trying to forgive her. To Christina, that was brutally painful—but this could be her punishment. Rio forgave her, but she wouldn’t be able to forgive herself. And probably never would.</p>

      <p>“Will you let me thank you and apologize? Even if you never make contact with me again as Rio, I want to express my remorse when interacting with you as Haruto.”</p>

      <p>Now that she knew Haruto was Rio, an apology was absolutely necessary. On top of that, she would be indebted to Rio for the rest of her life. She wanted to repay that debt no matter what.</p>

      <p>“I’ve already gotten words of gratitude and apology from you...” Rio made a pained face.</p>

      <p>“Just saying it isn’t enough. This is a matter of sincerity. In addition to expressing my gratitude for every favor you have done for us, I apologize for all the wrongdoings that have occurred to you in the past. It’s not something that should be forgiven now, but allow me to swear that your kindness will never be returned with spite again.” Christina bowed her head towards Rio firmly.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. And I’m very sorry. It was because of me that you became a wanted criminal. I’ve only ever caused you trouble...” Flora bowed her head like her sister.</p>

      <p>“I understand. I forgive you, so there’s no need to go this far. What if I told you this: I had an ulterior motive in saving the two of you,” Rio said, a little flustered by the two princesses bowing at him.</p>

      <p>“An ulterior motive?” Christina cocked her head.</p>

      <p>“The stability of the Restoration means the guarantee of Celia’s safety and comfort. That’s why I want to send the two of you back to the organization. That is my intention behind protecting the two of you.”</p>

      <p><em>So there’s really no need to feel overly indebted or worried about it,</em> Rio more or less said without words.</p>

      <p>“In that case, we’re sincerely grateful for Professor Celia’s kindness and your generosity,” Christina said with a hint of guilt in her smile, bowing her head once more.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>