<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>A dozen or so griffin knights... While it isn’t more than I can handle, I may end up killing them. If the enemy is royalty, that might end up creating more trouble in the future... In which case...</em></p>

      <p>It was time to retreat.</p>

      <p>Rio stopped where he was and called out to the two princesses as he continued slashing away the rain of spells. “Princess Christina, Princess Flora. We’re withdrawing! Hold on to me when I give the signal. Understand?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes!” the two behind him replied.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is with that man, honestly... We were so close to getting Estelle back too. If only I could kill him here...” Sylvie grimaced as she looked down at Rio on the ground. All the spells being cast had lethal force behind them, but they were being blown away with every swing of Rio’s sword. It was almost like there was an invisible wall of wind.</p>

      <p>“Raaagh!” Renji roared, swinging his halberd at Rio from over ten meters away. A powerful blast of air cold enough to freeze the ground was released towards Rio.</p>

      <p>“Sir Amakawa!” Christina yelled, sensing the danger. The cold air targeted Rio, whose attention was on the rain of spells from above. However, Rio released a violent burst of wind with a vertical slash, crushing the cold air Renji had sent. The air scattered across the courtyard and nearly blew away the soldiers on the walls.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!”</p>

      <p>“Guh...”</p>

      <p>Renji and Arein were also in the courtyard and were almost swallowed up by the wind. It took everything in them to remain in place. The only ones who were unaffected were the griffin squad, but they were shaken by the disastrous sight of the courtyard.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What are you doing?! Don’t ease up on your attacks! Fire!” Sylvie snapped back to her senses first and gave orders to those around her. The knights on the griffins chanted spells and made magic circles appear, but Rio pointed his sword upwards and created a dozen or so orbs of light. He fired them before the knights could finish casting their spells.</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>The trajectory of each orb was carefully controlled to directly strike every one of Sylvie’s griffin knights. He held back his strength in case there were any other important figures among them, but the orbs still had enough power to render the griffins incapable of flight. They descended to the ground unsteadily.</p>

      <p>Rio used that chance to yell at Christina and Flora. “Now! Come to me!”</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Flora!”</p>

      <p>“Right!”</p>

      <p>The two hurried over to him and clung on to him tightly.</p>

      <p>“Make sure you hold on tighter than usual!”</p>

      <p>With that warning, Rio used the sword in his right hand as a catalyst to activate his spirit arts. A fierce wind wrapped around him and pushed his body upwards, accelerating his ascent into the air.</p>

      <p>“Eek!”</p>

      <p>Surprised by the unexpected speed of acceleration, Christina and Flora tightened their hold in a panic. They were going so fast, they instantly slipped past Sylvie’s side and out into the open air. Even the griffin Sylvie was riding lost its balance in midair in shock.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What?!” Sylvie looked up at the skies in a panic.</p>

      <p>Rio had ascended several meters above her already, accelerating as he began their flight through the air towards the southeast.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>