<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 15</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: Sakata’s Decision</h1>

      <p>With his marriage meeting with Liselotte ending in failure, Hiroaki left the drawing room and started marching away to vent the anger he held back in front of Liselotte. His walking pace was brisk.</p>

      <p>“P-Please wait, Sir Hiroaki! Where are you going?” Roanna hurried after him.</p>

      <p>“Back to my room. Leave me alone for a while. Save the talk for later.” Hiroaki kept his eyes forward. Duke Huguenot also followed after him at his brisk pace.</p>

      <p><em>If he isn’t even allowing Roanna near him, he must be in a considerably bad mood. This isn’t the right time to discuss his marriage to Princess Rosalie. I do want to confirm his intentions on what to do about the engagement with her, but...it doesn’t seem possible right now, </em>Duke Huguenot thought in a panic. Hiroaki was in such an irritated state, there was no telling what he could say.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki had a vain sense of pride that made him pretend he wasn’t angry, but that facade was paper thin—it was very easy to see how intense his anger really was.</p>

      <p>In reality, that was exactly what he was thinking.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, I’m so over this. She just had to go and create an atmosphere to make me think I had a chance when she never planned on marrying me in the first place...</em></p>

      <p>Hiroaki was building resentment towards Liselotte.</p>

      <p><em>Ugh. Honestly, what do I do now? I used an engagement with Liselotte as a condition for marrying Rosalie, but...</em></p>

      <p>Hiroaki and Rosalie’s engagement was still a highly confidential matter. Since it hadn’t been officially decided and announced, he could easily brush it off, but...</p>

      <p><em>But if I reject Rosalie now, people will definitely think I’m not over Liselotte or something. Fuck this.</em></p>

      <p>He had basically dug his own grave; his plan had completely turned on him. Hiroaki clicked his tongue and continued marching. He didn’t particularly dislike Rosalie—he just found thirteen-year-olds too childish. He did think there was future potential in her looks, so he didn’t have any complaints about actually marrying her. However, he was still unhappy with the situation, and his irritation was only growing.</p>

      <p><em>Ugh, I wanna go back to Earth. I wanna go home and play games. Will I end up back on Earth if I jump from here and kill myself?</em></p>

      <p>Hiroaki looked out the corridor window at the courtyard below and saw two familiar girls with lavender-colored hair.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” Hiroaki froze in his steps and stared at the two people walking through the courtyard. Or rather, three people. There was a gray-haired boy behind the two in front. It was Rio.</p>

      <p>“So they’re alive...” Hiroaki muttered.</p>

      <p>That was when Roanna and Duke Huguenot noticed the two in the courtyard as well.</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina and Princess Flora?!” Roanna yelled in shock.</p>

      <p>“Hah... Ha ha ha...” Even Duke Huguenot was in a rare daze state, the laughter spilling out of him not forced for once. With Christina and Flora alive, he no longer had to worry about the state of Hiroaki and Rosalie’s marriage; it filled him with a sense of relief.</p>

      <p>“W-We have to go meet them! Duke Huguenot, Sir Hiroaki, let’s hurry!”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>Roanna and Duke Huguenot hurried back down the corridor.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Oh...” Hiroaki replied vaguely and watched the two of them disappear, then he looked back at the three people approaching the castle in the courtyard. Strangely enough, learning that the two princesses were alive didn’t fill him with any particular feelings of joy.</p>

      <p><em>Good for them, I guess... But why are they with that bastard?</em></p>

      <p>Inside Hiroaki’s chest, something burned quietly and intensely, yet coldly. Christina and Flora had happy expressions that he’d never seen on their faces, and they were walking at a distance much closer than when they had been with him. He didn’t like that.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, so they’re alive... Which means Flora is reinstated as my first wife?”</p>

      <p>He thought for another moment, then spoke up.</p>

      <p>“I’ve decided... I’m going to get engaged to Rosalie,” Hiroaki murmured plainly but bitterly.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>