<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Thank you for picking up this copy of volume 7 of <em>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles</em>. To all my returning readers, welcome back. I put the pedal to the metal for the chuuni again on this volume, so I hope you enjoyed it.</p>

      <p>Volume 7 is something of a turning point—the end of part one, if you will. The next volume will be the start of part two, although I mean to keep packing the story as full of chuuni goodness as I have so far. We haven’t met any dwarves or beastfolk yet, have we? Well, I’ll keep my lips sealed on that point, but I’m piling up the pressure on myself to make sure you all enjoy what’s coming up.</p>

      <p>Now then, dear readers, I humbly ask you to take a look at this volume’s cover. Done? Then I’m sure you understand what I’m getting at. What’s that? Hiro looks cool on there? He sure does. One glance from his golden eye and you’d either lose your will to fight or fall for him completely. He’s the kind of protagonist who gets cooler every volume. But no, that’s not what I’m asking. This time, there’s something more.</p>

      <p>That’s right, I’m talking about Claudia’s belly button. Her tummy. Am I the only one who thinks it’s super hot? Back when I got the illustration, it was the first thing I noticed. The way her muscles and the smooth lines of her abdomen make her belly button stand out...it’s obscene! I love it. I stared at it so hard I almost started drooling. Her chest and thighs are great as well, of course, but I’m a belly button fan at the end of the day. What’s your preference, dear reader?</p>

      <p>Anyway, I’d better get to the thank-yous.</p>

      <p>To Ruria Miyuki-sama, your elegant and stirring artwork never fails to awaken new possibilities slumbering within me. I’m truly grateful for your work. To my editors, S-sama and I-sama, I’m sure I make you put up with a lot, but I hope you’ll continue to lend me your assistance. And to the rest of the editing department, the proofreaders, the designers, and everybody else who helped to make this book a reality, thank you very much.</p>

      <p>And last but not least, you, my readers. Without your help, I never could have made it this far. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.</p>

      <p>I’m going to keep the chuuni rays at full blast over here, so I hope you’ll continue to support me.</p>

      <p>Until we meet again.</p>

      <p class="signature">奉 (Tatematsuri)</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>