<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Blissful Days with the Valditte</h2>

      <p>“Hiro!”</p>

      <p>It was early morning, scarcely past sunrise. A flurry of footsteps rang through the hallways, light and cheerful, suggesting joyful feet. The sixth princess’s flame-red hair streamed behind her as she ran.</p>

      <p>“Hiirooo!”</p>

      <p>Smiling from ear to ear, she combed the halls for any sign of him. The sight of her would have made anyone soften their gaze tenderly—anyone but the boy she was looking for.</p>

      <p>“I’m not mad, I promise!” Her voice abruptly dropped in pitch. “So come on out already.”</p>

      <p>Hiro quivered in the nook where he was hiding, scrunching himself up into a tighter ball. His black garb blended in with the shadows, rendering him perfectly undetectable.</p>

      <p><em>I knew she wasn’t happy with me, but when did this escalate so quickly?</em></p>

      <p>For a while, Liz’s attitude toward him had been ineffably hostile. She had greeted him with her usual smiles, but they had not reached her eyes. Too conscious of his own culpability to argue back, he had taken to hiding until her anger blew over.</p>

      <p>“I hear you bathed with Scáthach again today! And with Rosa yesterday, and who else? Cerberus, your swiftdrake, and Tris? Don’t you always say that you hate bathing with women? Well, now I’m getting some answers out of you!”</p>

      <p>That was the long and short of it. If bathing alongside women was the problem, he didn’t understand why men or animals were an issue too, but then, there was a lot about the situation that he didn’t understand.</p>

      <p><em>Scáthach is too bold to predict, and Rosa is too cunning with the way she picks her moments. Maybe it’s because they’ve got a couple of years on me...</em></p>

      <p>His internal monologue started going in directions that either of them would be furious to know about.</p>

      <p>“Even Huginn was crying because you didn’t let her join! Muninn started lording it over her that he got to bathe with you, and she knocked him across the room!”</p>

      <p>With a brief prayer for Muninn’s swift recovery, Hiro put a pained hand to his head. He <em>had</em> bathed with Scáthach and Rosa, so he couldn’t pretend that her charges were false. More to the point, choosing to hide had clearly only poured fuel on the flames—for that, he blamed his male instincts.</p>

      <p>“You’ll bathe with them, but the moment you see me start to change, I can’t see you for dust! I know you ran in on Aura once too, you know! She told me how she had to fend you off with the Black Chronicle!”</p>

      <p>That particular incident had been...accidental fanservice, one might have said back on Earth, but it didn’t seem like Liz would be receptive to that explanation.</p>

      <p>“Aren’t you always going on about how boys and girls should bathe separately? You can’t even practice what you preach!”</p>

      <p>Hiro curled up tighter. She had him dead to rights on that.</p>

      <p>“What in the world is all this racket?”</p>

      <p>A woman’s voice—Rosa’s, by the sound of it—addressed an increasingly incensed Liz. Hiro could make out more sets of footsteps than just hers, but he couldn’t see who else was there from his hiding place.</p>

      <p>“I want to settle this bathing thing with Hiro once and for all, but I think he’s hiding from me.”</p>

      <p>“Dear me. Are you still angry about that? I thought I told you that you’re invited next time.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not good enough. I want to hear what he has to say for himself.”</p>

      <p>“I see. So it’s a confession you want.” Rosa sounded amused. “Very well. I’m certain Huginn and Scáthach will be delighted to help.”</p>

      <p>“If you wish,” came Scáthach’s voice.</p>

      <p>“It pains me to turn against His Lordship,” Huginn chirped, “but I suppose needs must!”</p>

      <p>“This is silly,” said a quiet voice.</p>

      <p>“So you say, Aura, but I see you setting aside your book.”</p>

      <p>There was a pause. “I reached the end of a chapter, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>Now they were all coming for him. Hiro’s blood ran cold.</p>

      <p>“Seeing as we’re all here, why don’t we seize him and take him to the baths? Surely any man would dream of being attended by so many beauties.”</p>

      <p>Sensing imminent danger, Hiro turned to flee, only to find his path blocked.</p>

      <p>“Oh. Hey, Cerberus.”</p>

      <p>The white wolf cocked her head, regarding Hiro with doleful eyes. His shoulders slumped as he realized what was coming. A moment later, her teeth parted and a piercing howl echoed down the corridor.</p>

      <p>“Yeah... Should’ve figured.”</p>

      <p>With a dry chuckle, Hiro raised his eyes to the ceiling in defeat.</p>

      <h2>Fair and Square</h2>

      <p>“How about this?!”</p>

      <p>Her late father had taught her that children of Faerzen were fierce.</p>

      <p>“Too slow.”</p>

      <p>Even as the boy’s voice reached her ears, their wooden swords thwacked together. Unable to take the impact, Scáthach’s weapon broke before its counterpart.</p>

      <p>“Curses!”</p>

      <p>Her eyes burned with defiance, looking around for a way to regain the advantage. They found a spare wooden sword lying nearby. Her body sprang into action. She kept her opponent pinned down with her bare hands as she made her way over to the weapon before snatching it up and turning round to swing.</p>

      <p>“I’m not done yet!”</p>

      <p>Her late brother had taught her that children of Faerzen were bold.</p>

      <p>She saw her opponent’s strikes coming but forged forward fearlessly. A blow struck her shoulder. She grimaced but didn’t slow, focusing on opening him up.</p>

      <p>“Your movements are too obvious.”</p>

      <p>“You needn’t remind me!”</p>

      <p>Scáthach’s bladework was well honed, but very much by the book. Such predictable technique was unlikely to turn the tables in her favor. It might win her thunderous applause on the stage, but she would struggle to hold her own on the battlefield against an opponent of equal skill.</p>

      <p>Again, the boy’s strike broke her wooden sword in two. She picked up a longstaff and continued her assault, wielding it so deftly, it moved like an extension of her arm.</p>

      <p>“Your spearwork is versatile, but you’re too orthodox in how you use it.”</p>

      <p>Her thrusts missed the mark. Her downward swipes cracked the earth, but nothing more. Her upward swings all fell short of clipping his chin. She tried a sideways swipe, aiming for his torso, but it didn’t quite reach, like she had misjudged the distance by just a fraction. She tsked in annoyance. Haste bred errors, and errors were fatal.</p>

      <p>“The people of Faerzen are like that, I hear. Maybe that goes for their princesses in particular.”</p>

      <p>He was right. In a word, the people of Faerzen liked to fight fair and square. They eschewed subtleties and roundabout means, invariably taking the most direct route to their goal. As a member of the royal family, she was intensely proud of those values and sought to uphold them, even if they might someday mean her death.</p>

      <p>“Maybe so. But I will fight as I was taught, no matter what.”</p>

      <p>Her martial skills were one of her few remaining ties to her family. Developed over grueling hours of training, they were the product of the kindness of her father, the sternness of her brother, the warmth of her mother and younger siblings that had inspired her to protect the ones she loved. When she took up her spear, she could feel their presence still.</p>

      <p>“I am of royal blood, the last of my line. I will not forsake my knighthood.”</p>

      <p>Those were stubborn, almost childish words. Many would have scoffed at her for them, but her practice partner was not one of them.</p>

      <p>“So you’d rather be true than wise. Well, then. You should hold those feelings close.” The boy smiled back, looking almost envious.</p>

      <p>“I’m pleased you approve. Then this time, I shall get the better of you!”</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I said.”</p>

      <p>She thrust the longstaff toward him. The air swirled around the end, howling like a gale as she swept it sideways. He dodged, but she had expected as much, drawing herself in with the staff to counterbalance and striking with the heel of her palm. The blow caught him so hard in the chest that his feet left the ground.</p>

      <p>“Ngh!”</p>

      <p>“Gah!”</p>

      <p>Even as her attack landed, however, the boy’s kick struck her in the shoulder. Neither could allay their momentum, and both went flying.</p>

      <p>Scáthach hit the ground hard, the impact driving the air from her lungs. She ignored the pain through sheer force of will and pressed her fist into the ground, forcing herself to her feet.</p>

      <p>“Raaagh!”</p>

      <p>She lashed out to the right with an overhead swing, relying more on instinct than sight. A savage <em>crack</em> echoed through the courtyard.</p>

      <p>“I suppose we should call this a draw.”</p>

      <p>Her eyes caught up to her longstaff, drawn by the boy’s voice. He had blocked the blow, his weapon raised in a high guard.</p>

      <p>“A battle with no victor... There is little so vexing.” Both of their weapons were beaten and splintered. Scáthach gulped down a lungful of air, exhaled again, and tossed her longstaff away. “Well, now that we’ve worked up a sweat, what say you to hand-to-hand combat in the baths?”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what?”</p>

      <p>“I promised you that I would win today. One way or another, I will make good on my word.”</p>

      <p>“Now, hold on a second. Let’s think about this...”</p>

      <p>“What is there to think about? I used to do much the same with my little brother. We shall emerge with bodies clean and scores settled. Can you say fairer?” The boy tried to back away, but she seized his hand and began marching toward the baths. “We shall have no arms or armor to lean on, only our bodies and the skills they have learned!”</p>

      <p>“I get what you’re saying, I do, but you haven’t considered—”</p>

      <p>“No more tricks. I shall defeat you fair and square!”</p>

      <h2>A Gift for the Warmaiden</h2>

      <p>With the westward march to engage Six Kingdoms pending, Hiro was busy tidying up his chambers. As he cleared his belongings away, he noticed an article of southern jewelry lying unattended. It was nothing especially valuable—there were pieces like it all over the southern territories—but he had come across it while buying gifts in Gurinda. The bracelet had gone to Liz, the necklace to Rosa, and the ring had become the prize in a game which Rosa won. Now this, his gift for Aura, was all that was left.</p>

      <p>It was a necklace. He had picked it out thinking she might like the dragon design but had never been able to give it. She had belonged to an opposing faction back then, for one thing, although for the most part, events at the time had simply been too chaotic.</p>

      <p>“I suppose now’s as good a time as any.”</p>

      <p>At that moment, a sharp rap at the door announced a visitor.</p>

      <p>“Come in,” he said.</p>

      <p>The door slid open, letting in the evening chill. A girl of short stature entered with the breeze. Her silver hair and leaden eyes gave her a frosty appearance, but he knew that her strategic mind harbored burning ideals. From time to time, she produced schemes so ingenious that even he was impressed.</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” she said. “I know it’s late.”</p>

      <p>She trotted over to a nearby chair and eased herself into it. Hiro had to assume that she had come on some kind of business, but for the time being, she simply sat quietly, studying him.</p>

      <p>The silence gradually grew too uncomfortable to bear. “Would you like something to drink?” Hiro asked.</p>

      <p>“No.”</p>

      <p>“All right. Well, what’s up?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing.” She continued to stare at him intently, scrutinizing his every move.</p>

      <p>He sighed, feeling like an insect under a microscope. “I’ve got something for you.”</p>

      <p>Hoping to break the curious stalemate, he offered her the dragon necklace. Her eyes widened in surprise. Evidently, it had piqued her interest. She stood up from the chair and stepped toward him. He smiled to show her that he wasn’t a threat—like coaxing a cat to eat from his hand, he noted with private amusement.</p>

      <p>“Sorry it’s so late. I’ve meant to give it to you for a while now, but I never found the chance.”</p>

      <p>“It’s for me?” She looked between Hiro and the necklace, eyes widening again.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. I hope it’s to your taste. I know you like dragons.”</p>

      <p>“It’s really cool...” she whispered.</p>

      <p>Hiro gave a wry smile. Cool, indeed. Not quite the response he had expected from a girl like her, but she seemed to be pleased with it. She turned it this way and that, inspecting it in the light. For once, her blank expression loosened into what might have been a faint smile. He breathed a sigh of relief, glad that it met with her approval.</p>

      <p>Aura clasped the necklace into place and turned back to him. A faint blush colored her cheeks.</p>

      <p>“It looks great on you,” he said.</p>

      <p>“Mm.” She raised her hand to the dragon device and nodded several times, as though affirming to herself what he had said. Feeling sheepish at seeing her express her feelings so openly, he busied himself with getting ready for his departure.</p>

      <p>“Thank you.” The voice came just as he turned his back, trembling with more gratitude than words could express. A smile spread across his face, and he gave a small nod. Something pulled at the back of his shirt. “Take care.”</p>

      <p>“I will.” Her voice had not been insistent, but Hiro could tell how deeply she cared for his well-being. “You take care too. There are just as many dangers inside the empire as outside.”</p>

      <p>“I know.”</p>

      <p>And that was that. The conversation died away and silence fell over the room. Even so, none of the earlier awkwardness remained in the air, only a sense of peace. Aura stayed by his side, watching him work in silence, as if to say she would be with him until the very day and hour of his departure.</p>

      <h2>Memories in Flames</h2>

      <p>She was born into a world stained red. Conflict after conflict weighed upon the people’s hearts, while desperation fanned the flames of their suspicion. Despotic statesmen abused their charges to breaking point, and the hatred of men spread upon the wings of war.</p>

      <p>“And yet there was hope. A light so fierce it seared my eyes.”</p>

      <p>She would never forget it. A single droplet of black ink that descended on a world bereft of hue. It had filled her vision with magnificent color, quickening a heart that before had beaten for nothing.</p>

      <p>“Forgive me, Lord Hiro,” she whispered. Before her eyes, a fiery maelstrom raged.</p>

      <p>A tear trickled from her azure eyes as she fell to her knees. There would be no escape for her, no salvation, not even the luxury of bemoaning her fate. A wall collapsed, as though the entrails of the building had been crushed by some great hand, and the flame-warmed rubble scorched her skin. Still, she felt no fear. The storm of violence held no terror for her.</p>

      <p>“My path was fated to end here. Nobody is to blame, you least of all. This was destiny. I could never have eluded it.”</p>

      <p>Abruptly, she was seized by a coughing fit. The room was filling with foreboding smoke, but this was not the cause. With her blessing to defend her, it could have done her no harm.</p>

      <p>“Even now, my illness will not be denied.”</p>

      <p>Her eyes narrowed sharply at the sight of the blood on her palm. She smiled bitterly, but as she closed her fingers as if to conceal it, her face took on a look of acceptance. She raised her eyes to the ceiling, where white smoke billowed.</p>

      <p>“It must be raining out there.”</p>

      <p>Her vision shimmered with a faint light. All at once, her eyes took on a mystical blue glow. Reflected in their depths was a boy clad in black. He cut down foe after foe as he sprinted across a battlefield, his features set in fierce determination.</p>

      <p>“I have lived a happy life, Lord Hiro,” she whispered, willing her gratitude to reach him.</p>

      <p>Her eyes reflected a night sky swollen with stars as she watched the carnage unfold. A world of tranquility and bliss unfolded in their depths.</p>

      <p>“So do not grieve for me. Do not weep for me.”</p>

      <p>The flames boiled her tears away as they trickled down her cheeks. Soon, no trails even remained to mark their passage. The inferno would have snatched away a lesser person’s consciousness, but her smile never faltered.</p>

      <p>“At the end of your road, at the end of your despair, there is light. I have seen it.”</p>

      <p>She had left nothing undone. Nothing undone...but she did have one regret. A future that no wish could make hers, but which nonetheless lingered in the depths of her heart.</p>

      <p>“If I could have one thing... Just one thing...”</p>

      <p>The unfulfilled desire stirred within her chest, demanding release.</p>

      <p>“If I could be granted just one selfish request...”</p>

      <p>She had never once bemoaned her fate, but this would be the sole exception.</p>

      <p>“I would have wanted to live just a little longer!”</p>

      <p>She bit her lip, fighting back tears, shaking her head as though to dispel the image in the back of her mind. With a bitter smile on her lips, she returned her gaze to the sea of hellfire.</p>

      <p>“Let nothing stand in your way. Fix your eyes forward and run for as long as your feet will carry you.” She smiled at where he would never stand, where he would never come to her aid. “I will wait for ages. For eons. Until the end of time.”</p>

      <p>She bowed her head to the boy who was not there. When she raised it again, her expression was calm and composed.</p>

      <p>“Let us begin.”</p>

      <p>Her voice was soft, sweet, and devoid of emotion—a pure white canvas. Solemn, beautiful, its touch lingered forever in the memory. It was truly the voice of the divine.</p>

      <p>“Beyond despair awaits a future worth fighting for.”</p>

      <p>Her golden hair streamed through the air, unblemished by the blaze, and her porcelain skin shone brighter than the flames. Her eyes, said to pierce through all, burned with an unbreakable will, refusing to falter at the despair they saw.</p>

      <p>“And a world ruled by terror—a world of chaos—will birth naught but sorrow.”</p>

      <p>Her last words were directed to the intruder who appeared within the flames. The figure approached slowly but surely, untouched by the blaze, at last coming to a stop before her.</p>

      <p>“Tell me,” it said, “what know you of fear?”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>