<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>All of it had been a ploy to strip her away from the army—a heavy-handed one, perhaps, but the most effective way to manipulate those who clung to hope. The council now waited on Beto’s words.</p>

      <p><em>At this point, they won’t listen to anything I say.</em></p>

      <p>If even one noble had been willing to voice doubts, the situation might have been different, but every last one of them had bought into the lie. The more fiercely she protested, the less she would be believed. She could only regret that she had been outwitted, and only blame herself for failing to see through her opponent’s schemes.</p>

      <p><em>But what’s his goal in all of this? What is he thinking?</em></p>

      <p>This would only shore up support for the eastern nobles. There was no gain for the southern nobles in that. Even if Beto managed to oust Rosa from the campaign and steal all the glory for himself, it would not outweigh the value of a child with the War God’s blood.</p>

      <p><em>What in the world is he planning?</em></p>

      <p>She glared at Beto, but he only shot her a brief smirk as he rose to his feet.</p>

      <p>“In Lady Celia Estrella’s absence, I propose that we adjourn for today and resume proceedings tomorrow.” He spoke with commanding gestures, emphasizing that the room was his. “Besides, Lady von Kelheit has been dreadfully busy in recent days. I would not place any more of a burden on her shoulders.”</p>

      <p>Compassionate glances fell on Rosa from all sides as the council came to an end. The nobles rose from their seats and left the chamber light-footed, as though they could barely contain their delight. Rosa watched them detachedly. As she did, she caught Beto passing through the door from the corner of her eye and silently followed him.</p>

      <p>He strode down the hall, flanked by his underlings. Rosa caught up with him and tapped him, perhaps a little more angrily than necessary, on the shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Lady von Kelheit. What can I do for you?” His smile left her in no doubt that he had expected this confrontation.</p>

      <p>Rosa fought back the urge to scream obscenities and forced herself to maintain a personable expression. “Would you care to explain yourself, Lord von Muzuk?”</p>

      <p>The two underlings flinched back, intimidated by the anger in her voice. Beto gestured for them to go on without him and turned back to Rosa.</p>

      <p>“Explain myself? I thought I was doing you a favor.” Beto’s confidence never wavered for a moment. He flashed a taunting grin. “If you understood the current state of the empire, you would thank me.”</p>

      <p>Rosa’s brow furrowed. “Excuse me?”</p>

      <p>Beto stepped closer. “I cannot afford for the eastern nobles to fall. Not quite yet, at least.”</p>

      <p>He raised his hands in a mocking gesture. Rosa’s nostrils flared at his theatrics, but she nonetheless waited for him to continue.</p>

      <p>“If Lord Hiro truly has fallen, your position will soon be in peril.”</p>

      <p>Rosa had married into the von Kelheit family through its previous head, but its blood did not run in her veins. That made her the enemy of those family members who placed stock in lineage. She had managed to retain the role of acting head through her relationship with Hiro, but now that he was gone, that station was precarious indeed.</p>

      <p>She ground her teeth, knowing he was right. Something dangerous flashed in her eyes, but Beto let the glance wash over him as though it was nothing.</p>

      <p>“Lord Hiro’s presence kept the eastern nobles together, but now that he is gone, the old succession question will rear its head once more.” He strode around Rosa’s side, his footsteps ringing uncomfortably loud in the deserted corridor. “And you will become an inconvenience. Not a drop of von Kelheit blood in your veins, and no inclination to seek a suitor from their number. An acting head like that is nothing more than an irritation. An obstacle to be removed.”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s proximity to the throne, and the possibility of her bearing his child, had given her value. Now that she had lost both, the only way to go was down.</p>

      <p>Rosa rounded on Beto. “What are you plotting, you snake?”</p>

      <p>Beto stopped and looked back over his shoulder. “Please. I think only of the future of the empire.”</p>

      <p>“Are you trying to separate me from Liz and seize the military? Is that your plan?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. An intriguing idea. Not a bad one either. Me, seize control of the military... I could do it, you know. With a grand triumph over Six Kingdoms under my belt.”</p>

      <p>“Do you think it’s going to be that easy?”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Then will you go to war after all?” Beto’s smile widened as he drew himself up, looking down at Rosa. “And disappoint all your poor nobles?”</p>

      <p>While he couched it in circuitous language, his threat was clear: if she announced that her pregnancy was a misunderstanding, there was no telling how those who had staked their expectations on it might react. The rift in the eastern nobles would gain momentum.</p>

      <p>“Does it amuse you to have me over a barrel?”</p>

      <p>“I entertain no such notions. I simply thought that you ought to take a well-earned rest.” Beto didn’t even try to hide his mockery. He laid a hand on Rosa’s shoulder and drew his lips to her ear. “Yet exhaustion does nothing to dull your beauty. And you are too shrewd to take as a simple ornament.”</p>

      <p>“What of it?” Rosa swatted his hand away with undisguised revulsion and took a step back.</p>

      <p>“I place you highly in my estimation. And I believe you would make a far better ally than an enemy.” The corners of Beto’s mouth pulled into a grin as he rubbed his hand. “Would you not consider taking a husband from among the southern nobles?”</p>

      <p>“Excuse me?”</p>

      <p>“One among them carries the blood of House Kelheit. If you wish to retain your station, he would make a fine choice of partner. It need not be a marriage of love, only of convenience. So long as you do not divorce him, you would otherwise be free to do as you pleased.”</p>

      <p>The offer was clear: she would continue to enjoy her personal freedom in exchange for submitting politically to the south. Naturally, Rosa would not readily consent to becoming a puppet, and Beto no doubt expected that she would be furious—he was posing her a challenge as much as an offer. Anybody would be enraged by being treated so lightly, and she was no exception.</p>

      <p>Anger glinted in her eyes. “I respectfully decline.” She shoved Beto away and strode past him, shooting him a furious glance as she passed. “House Muzuk will not have its way. You’ll regret making an enemy of me.”</p>

      <p>Beto chuckled. “I shall look forward to it.”</p>

      <p>Rosa’s shoes clacked as she stalked away, fuming. He stretched out a hand as if to stop her, although she would never in a thousand years turn around.</p>

      <p>“I suspect this contest will come down to you and I, in the end,” he whispered, watching until she disappeared from sight. “Provided you live that long, of course.”</p>

      <p>The news that she bore the War God’s child would be cause for celebration for many but unwelcome tidings for some. With palace security to thin in the coming days, the court could soon be more dangerous than the battlefield if one did not tread lightly.</p>

      <p>“I do hope she keeps watch for knives in the dark. I would hate to see a repeat of the tragedy in the rear palace.” Beto clapped a hand to his forehead as though lamenting the situation he himself had caused. “My, the pain that would cause Lady Celia Estrella. To lose first her mother, and then her sister... Heh heh heh... Ha ha ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>His back bent almost double as his laughter echoed through the deserted corridor.</p>

      <p>“And she will surely need someone to soothe her broken heart. Oh, how busy I will be...”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>