<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The aides’ eyes widened as they watched the standard rise. In a second, their wild panic transformed into the indomitable expressions of seasoned warriors. It was as though they had become completely different people—as indeed anybody would at the sight. A dragon took flight on a field of midnight black, clutching a silver blade as it unleashed a mighty roar. Above the field fluttered the sazul<em>,</em> the sacred standard of the man once known and feared as the War God.</p>

      <p>“Listen to me,” Aura said. “What we do here will decide this battle.”</p>

      <p>The aides stood at attention at the sound of her voice. The critical moment was upon them. They could hold nothing back, committing their all to seizing victory.</p>

      <p>“First, we rout this unit approaching the core.”</p>

      <p>“Aye, my lady.” One of the aides grinned. “We can’t very well leave them to run riot, can we?”</p>

      <p>“No.”</p>

      <p>The situation was not as desperate as it seemed. The enemy cavalry had punched through the second cohort with fearsome speed, but the third cohort still remained behind that. It was true that their current momentum put them in danger of reaching the Imperial core, but as far as Aura was concerned, that was a trivial matter. Their actions were unexpected, but not unanticipated.</p>

      <p>“Shall we issue the reserves?” another aide asked.</p>

      <p>“Mm. But only Queen Claudia’s unit.”</p>

      <p>“The Lebering troops, my lady? Alone?”</p>

      <p>The aide seemed skeptical that Claudia’s troops could halt the enemy cavalry. It was hard to blame him—even Liz hadn’t been able to stop them. By the same token, however, it would have taken their best to waylay her. The Lebering troops might be tired after their string of battles, but they had by far the most experience fighting Six Kingdoms and had the greatest chance of success.</p>

      <p>There were political factors as well. The Lebering forces had contributed a great deal to the war effort, and leaving them to rot on the back lines would risk inviting criticism that the empire was too petty to allow them further glory. On the face of it, the empire would be indebted to Lebering, but considering how much the latter would benefit from its boost in status, it was, in fact, they who would owe the empire.</p>

      <p>“Give the signal.” Aura drew the spirit weapon from her belt and leveled the tip at the standard bearer. Once the flag of Lebering flew high, she turned back to the aides. “Send word across the army. This is where we make our stand. Every unit is to hold position. Stop their charge with all we have.”</p>

      <p>“At once, my lady!”</p>

      <p>The aides jumped to their tasks. They turned immediately into a milling mob, dispatching messengers to all corners of the army.</p>

      <p>Aura watched for a moment as the core came alive, then turned around and looked to the rear. The Lebering troops’ flag danced on the wind in answer.</p>

      <p>The zlosta had ruled all of Soleil once upon a time before being driven to the far reaches of the north. Many in the empire regarded their frozen kingdom as a jail, with the zlosta as its inmates. Yet upon seeing Claudia for the first time, Aura had marveled that anybody so beautiful could exist, and after both witnessing her brazen cunning at the strategy meeting and glimpsing the burning ambition that lurked beneath, she had developed something of an admiration for Lebering’s frigid queen.</p>

      <p>At that moment, an aide approached to alert her of a new development. “Lady Aura! Smoke has been sighted on the enemy’s back lines!”</p>

      <p>Aura pushed her musings from her mind and turned to look at the western sky. Black smoke rose in the distance, billowing fiercely as though declaring its intent. A shiver ran through her. Her eyes widened as she pressed an overlong sleeve to her mouth. She had believed she would never see them again, had given up on ever again witnessing their valor.</p>

      <p>“Thank goodness you’re safe,” she whispered.</p>

      <p><em>The Knights of the Royal Black are alive in Faerzen, </em>Hiro had claimed in his letter.</p>

      <p>In Faerzen was a man named Rache du Vertra. While the royal family still reigned, he had been the captain of the royal guard, and after their deaths, he had served as Scáthach’s deputy in command of the Faerzen Resistance. There was no telling how many of the Knights of the Royal Black had survived under his command, but word had come on the day before last that they were making for the imperial border—the only good news amid a deluge of bad.</p>

      <p>Admittedly, she had been uncertain how best to put them to use. After their historic defeat in Faerzen had permitted Third Prince Brutahl’s capture by the enemy, their survival might well be considered a stain upon their pride—something that they understood themselves. Accordingly, they had sought out Rache and gone to ground. With him, at least, they would find honorable deaths.</p>

      <p>Hiro’s letter, however, had stressed their importance. They had not fled, he had insisted, but were seeking a chance for revenge—a chance that he had requested Liz grant them.</p>

      <p><em>He left us plenty of options. Plenty of possibilities.</em></p>

      <p>When she had realized Hiro’s true intentions, she had been overjoyed but also felt terror stir in her chest. Just how far had he seen? It was as though he had read the future. It was impossible not to feel awe. Orchestrating this was a deed beyond the province of mortal men; it was the work of a god.</p>

      <p><em>But I’ll still surpass him.</em></p>

      <p>She could not afford to give up or fall short; not with the name of the Warmaiden around her neck. She wanted to see what he saw, to understand to what end the Hero King of Twinned Black had dreamed of such unprecedented feats.</p>

      <p><em>If the truth is anywhere, it’s there.</em></p>

      <p>But for now, she stowed her ambitions deep inside herself and held her spirit weapon high.</p>

      <p>“Send word to all the reserves. The time has come. They are to skirt around the battlefield and crush Six Kingdoms’ core.” She slowly lowered her weapon so its tip faced the smoke rising in the west. “Tell all units that victory is at hand, but they aren’t to be complacent. I expect nothing less than their best.”</p>

      <p>Emotions welled up in her aides’ hearts, fierce yet rooted in tranquility. They turned their gazes to the sky. Tears trickled from the corners of their eyes, in shame, perhaps, of their previous hysteria.</p>

      <p>“Oh great Spirit King, father to us all, sing praise of our lord’s deeds.” One by one, they fell to their knees and bowed their heads. “Our lord’s justice shall pierce the heavens. His might shall split the earth. His passing shall part the seas, and his deeds shall light all of creation.”</p>

      <p>In a world of clamor and chaos, here alone was an island of calm, a space where time seemed to have stopped. As the aides lowered their heads, Aura laid a hand to her chest and issued her final decree.</p>

      <p>“Fight with honor, in the War God’s name.”</p>

      <p>“As you command, my lady.” They rose as one, quietly, fiercely, and burning with an unbreakable will.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>