<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“What... Who...?”</p>

      <p>Luka stared in shock, mouth opening and closing like a goldfish. She lowered her gaze to Vajra. As she did, something else caught her eye.</p>

      <p>“Igel?”</p>

      <p>The skull she called her brother was wreathed in flame.</p>

      <p>“Igel!”</p>

      <p>She dived toward it, but dazed as she was, she was too slow. Her hand plunged into the fire without a moment’s hesitation, but the skull had already been reduced to ash.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Ah... Aaaaaahhh!”</p>

      <p>She tried to scrape together the remains, but her hands closed around empty air. Her plaintive wails trailed away unheard. Crimson flame devoured all, leaving her to beat her fists impotently against the ground as she gazed up at a scorched sky.</p>

      <p>“Why? Why, why, why? Why?!” Luka leveled her gaze at Liz again, her eyes filled with pure rage. She sprinted toward her enemy. “Why must you stand in our way?!”</p>

      <p>Liz wordlessly gestured with her right hand. The coiling flames converged in front of her like a shield.</p>

      <p>“Aaaaaaaaaggghhh!”</p>

      <p>Roaring like a feral beast, Luka unleashed a volley of tremendous blows, but it was meaningless. Her efforts were futile. The flame clung to Liz like a living being, shielding her from harm.</p>

      <p>Luka only struck harder. “What did I ever do wrong?!” she cried. “Dare to wish for happiness?! Was that such a grave crime that this must be my punishment?! All I ever wanted was to live in peace with my brother! That would have been enough!”</p>

      <p>Liz gazed back at the warhammer through the flames, smiling sadly. “I don’t know the answer.” She gestured toward Vajra. The blue flames followed her command, coiling around its head. In a moment, the handle, too, was sheathed in flame.</p>

      <p>“Curse you!” Luka grimaced and relinquished the weapon, unable to bear the searing heat.</p>

      <p>“But I promise I’ll find it someday.”</p>

      <p>The flames coiling around her began to grow. Slowly, they took the form of a blue and crimson lion. The beast stood taller than a sizable monster, and its tail trailed through the air like a snake. Liquid fire dripped from its jaws, its burning paws gouging furrows into the earth.</p>

      <p>“What... What sorcery...?” Overcome by the lion’s awe-inspiring presence, Luka fell to her knees in defeat. “Why is it...that nobody ever comes to save me?”</p>

      <p>Liz raised her hand high. With a roar, the lion surged toward Luka. The woman could only watch as her doom approached, her last drop of strength expended.</p>

      <p>“Igel...forgive me...” Something flickered in her eyes, and a single tear trickled down her cheek. “You will not be avenged after all...”</p>

      <p>Her sorrowful voice, ever so small, vanished into hellfire and burned away with her tears. Flames surged outward, covering the field where she had been. The ground rocked. Even the black smoke in the sky blew away. The fires of Gehenna raged across the field, burning everything in their path to ashes.</p>

      <p>At last, the flames’ momentum ebbed. They burned out and faded away, leaving behind only pockets of smoldering earth. Liz stared expressionlessly at the ground before her. There lay Luka. In the end, she had not been able to kill her. Letting her live was naive, Liz knew. Still, she could not bring herself to do otherwise. She had sworn not to doubt herself anymore. She would follow her heart, even if it led her astray, and this was the first step on the way.</p>

      <p>It was uncertain what could be done for Luka, but she recognized that sparing the woman’s life came with some measure of responsibility.</p>

      <p>“First, you must atone for your crimes,” she whispered, “but after that... After that, we’ll find you a reason to live. Together.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s the path you’ve chosen,” said a voice. Applause echoed through the enclosed world. Liz had used Lævateinn to seal off their battlefield with a wall of flame, but apparently it had not been sufficient. She spun around, eyes flashing.</p>

      <p>A man stood nonchalantly nearby. He was clothed all in white, a strange mask on his face and an ominous black blade hanging from his belt. “A path even the first emperor did not take, or the second, or any other since. But you might just do it justice.” He stepped closer, a pleased lilt to his voice, stopping before Liz as he glanced down at Luka. “So I would ask that you give her to me—”</p>

      <p>He looked back at Liz, and the words died in his throat as he saw the grin on her face.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>“Why do you always act like you know everything?! Why do you always speak like you’ve got all the answers?!”</p>

      <p>A stunning blow struck him in the face. Before he knew it, he was on his back, looking up at the sky. Before he could register the pain or even process what had happened, an impact ran through his abdomen. The cause was clear: Liz was straddling him.</p>

      <p>“Who do you think you’re helping with these stupid games?! You’re not going to make anyone happy!” She grabbed Hiro by the lapels and yanked his torso upright. “You’re just doing it for you! That’s all!”</p>

      <p>His brain was rattling so fiercely that he could hardly think. He couldn’t have answered if he’d tried.</p>

      <p>“Why do you have to try and solve everything on your own?!”</p>

      <p>The sight of the anger beading in the corners of her eyes stole the words from his mouth.</p>

      <p>“Why won’t you just ask someone for help?!”</p>

      <p>She flung him back against the ground. Watching her fight back tears as she vented her emotions, Hiro remembered what Artheus had said.</p>

      <p>“I guess you were right.”</p>

      <p>Perhaps Artheus really did have him dead to rights. Everything Hiro had done had been selfishness, nothing more. It certainly hadn’t done Liz any good, only made her despise him.</p>

      <p>He reached up toward her face. “I’m sorry, Liz. I never meant to hurt you—”</p>

      <p>“Shut up! That’s not for you to decide!”</p>

      <p>She smacked his hand away and followed up with a vicious headbutt. He couldn’t even groan. The sight of her tears made everything numb.</p>

      <p>“I’m not smart enough for fancy words, so you’ll have to speak plain!” She grabbed his shirt with trembling hands and buried her face in his neck. “Just tell me...”</p>

      <p>“What are you...?”</p>

      <p>“Am I really that weak?”</p>

      <p>Her voice cracked. Tears soaked his collarbone.</p>

      <p>“Am I really so weak that you can’t even turn to me for help?”</p>

      <p>As he struggled for something to say, she began to sob.</p>

      <p>“I’ll get stronger. I promise, I’ll get stronger...” She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him close with feeble strength. “Strong enough that I won’t lose to anyone.” As she pulled away, face scrunched up to force back the tears, a fierce light glimmered in her eyes. “Strong enough to carry your burdens, so please...”</p>

      <p>Tears trickled down her cheeks. They spattered on Hiro’s face like rain, filled with gentle warmth.</p>

      <p>“So please, wait for me.” She cupped his cheek with a tender hand. “Soon enough, I’ll come and find you, and I’ll snatch everything you’re carrying right off your back.”</p>

      <p>Her voice sounded clear as a bell as she stroked his cheek apologetically. The pain and heat gradually faded away.</p>

      <p>“Until I get there, do whatever you have to do. But if it’s ever too much, if you ever think you can’t take it...you come right on back to me, do you understand?” Through ugly teardrops and wracking sobs, she grinned. “Even if the world gives up on you, I’ll be with you to the end.”</p>

      <p>She wiped her eyes bashfully. Her grin became a tender smile.</p>

      <p>“And if you still don’t get it, then just remember this...” The weight vanished from his abdomen as she stood up. “I’ll overtake you someday, and that’s a promise.”</p>

      <p>Her words floated down from above, full of tender emotion.</p>

      <p>“So just sit tight and watch me.”</p>

      <p>Sensing her leave, Hiro gave a low sigh. His shoulders trembled as he covered his face with his hands. Her words had struck home. This was a final parting—perhaps. A tenuous connection still remained.</p>

      <p>If she had cursed him, he could not have blamed her. If she had expressed her hatred through her fists, he would have had no right to fight back. He would have deserved it. Yet she had chosen forgiveness, promising him that he still had a place to belong.</p>

      <p>Joy welled up within his chest. Unrestrained delight filled his heart. No more was she chasing his shadow. She was looking past him now, and her feet were strong enough to take her there.</p>

      <p><em>I really couldn’t be happier.</em></p>

      <p>He was like a selfish child next to her. While he remained where he had halted one thousand years ago, she had begun to move forward. She had grown strong, he thought. She truly had his respect.</p>

      <p><em>I suppose I’d better set out too.</em></p>

      <p>Soon, he hoped, he would stand before her again—not as a goal, but as an obstacle to be overcome. The thought filled his chest with pride.</p>

      <p><em>You’ll overtake me, you said. Well, I’ll be waiting.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro picked the mask up from the ground and set it back over his face.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>