<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“There is a king in Baum?” Beto sounded distrustful. “I have heard of no such thing.”</p>

      <p>Claudia’s expression did not falter. If anything, she smirked. “The truth is the truth, whether or not you have heard it.”</p>

      <p>She handed him the archpriestess’s letter. Such an article could not have been counterfeited. Spirit script was a holy form of writing that only those beloved by the spirits could employ. Beto still looked skeptical, but he concluded his inspection with a disappointed shrug, no longer able to deny its authenticity.</p>

      <p>“It’s spirit script, true enough. Written by Her Grace the Archpriestess’s hand...” With his will to argue drained away, he slumped back into his seat.</p>

      <p>Throughout the interaction, Liz had not moved her eyes one inch from the masked man. At the beginning, her gaze had been suspicious, but over time, it had filled with reproach.</p>

      <p>“I suppose he owes his black hair to the blood of the first king of Baum?” Even as she addressed Claudia, Liz’s gaze remained almost obsessively trained on the masked man.</p>

      <p>Claudia took a half-step in front of the man, breaking her line of sight, and nodded. “Indeed, Your Highness. You are as well-read as they say.”</p>

      <p>Liz laughed. “Very well. If you say so.” She brushed a strand of hair behind her ear, smiling softly with her eyes half-closed.</p>

      <p>“Do you mind if we join the proceedings?” Claudia asked.</p>

      <p>Liz gave her a nod. “Of course. I’m sure there’s a lot you could tell us about Six Kingdoms’ movements, and I’d like to hear Lord Surtr’s opinion as well. We’d welcome your attendance.”</p>

      <p>“Then we shall humbly oblige.”</p>

      <p>Sparks showered between the two women as they glared at one another. Aura, watching from a distance, let out a small sigh and shut her eyes.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>The sun was slipping below the horizon, dying the sky amber. Distant embers smoldered on the peaks of the Grausam Mountains. The imperial capital’s usual hustle and bustle was beginning to thin.</p>

      <p>The palace of Venezyne kept vigil over the comings and goings of the people below, as it had done for one thousand years. In its eastern quarter, where the nobility resided, one mansion stood out: that of House Kelheit of the five great houses.</p>

      <p>“It’s certainly grown quiet,” Rosa mused. She looked around her bedchamber and smiled ruefully to herself. The room seemed terribly large now. Until recently, the mansion had been a lively place—Liz chasing after Hiro, Scáthach watching wryly from a distance, Aura shutting them out as she read her book. Down in the courtyard outside the window, there would be the zlosta and his loyal young lieutenant, or perhaps the sellsword girl who followed her around, determined to protect her mistress’s life with her own. It had been fun and full, a delightful chaos that she would never forget.</p>

      <p>“I knew it couldn’t last forever, but still, a part of me dared to hope.”</p>

      <p>With a small, forlorn sigh, she leaned back into her chair and stared up at the ceiling. Cerberus snuffled at her feet.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure you wouldn’t rather be with your mistress?” she asked.</p>

      <p>Cerberus cocked her head and yawned, but that was all. She seemed much more placid nowadays than when she had first arrived in the capital, if not completely domesticated. No doubt the servants had indulged her too much.</p>

      <p>White wolves were native to the islands to the east, where the beastfolk who lived there had a tradition of keeping them as pets. Indeed, they were considered holy creatures that only beastfolk of royal blood were permitted to own. How Cerberus came to be in Soleil, Rosa could only guess, but she had certainly been astonished when Liz had walked in with the beast in her arms.</p>

      <p>She smiled wistfully at the memory as she petted Cerberus’s belly. “We women ought to take better care of our appearance, you know.”</p>

      <p>The proud white wolf had put on weight in recent days. Best take her on a hunt soon or she would cease to be worthy of the name.</p>

      <p>“I’ll take you hunting when I find a spare moment, shall I? I used to take Liz all the time.”</p>

      <p>All of a sudden, there came a noise from the door. It was too weighty to be a knock, and was accompanied by an unusual clatter besides. Rosa’s eyes turned steely. She reached to her side and picked up Lionheart.</p>

      <p>“Is something wrong?” she called.</p>

      <p>She had heightened the mansion’s security following Liz’s departure. Two stout men should have been keeping watch outside the door, but no reply came.</p>

      <p>She heaved a deep sigh and steadied her breathing. A glance outside the window showed that the sun had set, and the curtain of night had fallen over the world. As the moonlight bathed the room in its silvery glow, Cerberus crouched low and growled.</p>

      <p>“So they’ve come.”</p>

      <p>She had expected as much, but she had hoped to be proven wrong.</p>

      <p>“Good grief. If I really was with child, I wouldn’t dare be so reckless as to stay in the capital.”</p>

      <p>It would have been beyond foolish to remain in the palace, especially with its defenses depleted by the war effort. She would have returned to House Kelheit’s seat in Baldickgarten and turned the place into a fortress.</p>

      <p>“Now, let’s see which nobles have sent their cutthroats.”</p>

      <p>The news that she was pregnant with Hiro’s child had spread like wildfire, and one of the more negative effects of the Grantzian Empire’s thousand-year history was a tendency to place importance on lineage. A child of Mars was to be welcomed, but her political opponents would not be able to celebrate unconditionally. As the next ruler of the empire, her child would command the nation’s reverence even before they were born, which would grant their mother and other relatives a great deal of power. Odds were high that somebody would try to kill her before she could wield it. That was why she had tightened security.</p>

      <p>“I’m surprised they got this far. I put some of my best men between here and the entrance.” Rosa had some martial skill, but only to the point of holding her own against an ordinary soldier. “They must be more skilled than I thought...”</p>

      <p>The door gently creaked open. An ominous figure stepped into the room, clad all in black.</p>

      <p>“Just one of you?”</p>

      <p>He was no novice. That much was clear from the way he moved—and besides, a novice would not have been able to get this far. Rosa clutched the hilt of Lionheart and stood firm, summoning every ounce of dignity she possessed.</p>

      <p>“I regret to inform you that I’m well prepared for uninvited guests. Please enjoy House Kelheit’s hospitality.”</p>

      <p>She flashed a dauntless grin and snapped her fingers. Soldiers rushed into the bedchamber with swords drawn—from the corridor, from hiding places, from the door to the neighboring room.</p>

      <p>“Seize him!” she cried. “Make him tell us who sent him.”</p>

      <p>With a roar, the soldiers surged toward the assassin. Beneath his cowl, his mouth curved into an unsettling crescent grin.</p>

      <p>“Ghah!”</p>

      <p>Every strike brought certain death. The first soldier collapsed, pierced cleanly through the heart. The assassin pivoted on his right foot and skewered another before wrenching his weapon back out and slipping it through the seam of a third man’s helm. Brain matter sprayed. The blood had barely splattered across the floor before he laid open a fourth soldier from shoulder to hip, carving through armor like butter.</p>

      <p>Rosa’s guards fell one after another to precise and lethal blows, quite literally cut down in the blink of an eye. They slumped to the ground before they could so much as grunt in pain. The gulf between their abilities and those of their would-be prey was almost unfair. It was a one-sided slaughter; before long, all of the soldiers lay sprawled in pools of their own blood. The assassin stood alone before Rosa. He had not moved from his spot since first entering the room.</p>

      <p>“Curse you!”</p>

      <p>Rosa whipped Lionheart from its sheath, but the assassin vanished in a blur.</p>

      <p>“Urgh!”</p>

      <p>An impact blasted through her abdomen. The oxygen burst from her lungs, but even as the strength faded from her arm, she gripped Lionheart tight and swung with all her might.</p>

      <p>“Don’t...take me...lightly!”</p>

      <p>“A futile effort.”</p>

      <p>The assassin batted Lionheart aside and drove his fist into Rosa’s cheek, sending her flying. She crashed into the wall. As she toppled forward, he closed the distance and propped her upright, slamming his fist into her stomach.</p>

      <p>“Agh!” Her face contorted in pain.</p>

      <p>The assassin grasped her head, blocking her mouth.</p>

      <p>“Mmmph!”</p>

      <p>“Do you fear death?”</p>

      <p>Her consciousness faded for a second as her head smacked against the wall, but another blow to her stomach woke her up again. He would not let her escape that easily.</p>

      <p>“Go on. Breathe,” he growled. “I won’t kill you yet.”</p>

      <p>Rosa opened her mouth to gasp for air. Immediately, the assassin grasped her neck and began to squeeze.</p>

      <p>“I lied. No breathing.”</p>

      <p>His incredible strength lifted her up so that her feet no longer touched the carpet. She beat with all her might at his forearms, but to no avail. Her feeble attempts were not enough to break free.</p>

      <p>“Gaah!”</p>

      <p>The moonlight spilling in through the window cast their shadows on the floor, one struggling violently. Rosa’s golden hair, disheveled as it was, shimmered defiantly as it shifted. Violence did nothing to diminish its radiance.</p>

      <p>“Nice hair,” the assassin murmured. “Soft. Pretty.”</p>

      <p>The pressure around her neck vanished. Suddenly, she was free. She fell to her knees, coughing and hacking, and curled up, gulping down air.</p>

      <p>The assassin seized her by the hair. She yelped.</p>

      <p>“You take good care of it, don’t you? Very...recognizable. It’ll make a nice gift once I strip every last strand from your head!”</p>

      <p>“You’ll never— Agh!” Rosa grunted as the stranger slammed her face into the floor—once, then again, and again. Her awareness grew dim, but her strength of will turned against her, keeping her from the mercy of unconsciousness.</p>

      <p>“Stubborn stuff, this. It won’t come out.”</p>

      <p>His voice was cold. It harbored no vulgar inclinations, only a quiet loathing. He hurt her as callously as he might butcher an animal carcass, striking her face, kicking her stomach, slamming her against the floor. Throughout it all, he maintained his grip on her hair, holding on as though to say he would never let go until it came loose.</p>

      <p>“Seems like I’ll have to take the scalp too. Sorry about the broken arm.”</p>

      <p>He planted a foot on Rosa’s slender wrist and wrenched with all his might.</p>

      <p>“Aaaaaagh!”</p>

      <p>Bone crunched. Rosa’s shriek echoed through the room, but still, her torment continued. The assassin’s one-sided cruelty was far from over.</p>

      <p>“Still not enough, hm? Then I’ll take your fingers, or perhaps your nose? No, you’ve got pretty eyes. They’ll look good plucked out and— Ngh!”</p>

      <p>Cerberus saw her chance. She leaped on the man from behind. Black and white shadows tangled together, dancing wildly in the moonlight. Rosa forced herself up on trembling feet, spitting out blood as she rose.</p>

      <p>“If you think a common cutthroat’s going to get the best of me...!” She picked up Lionheart, fury blazing in her eyes. “A third princess doesn’t die lightly. I might no longer be a royal heir, but I still bear the blood of von Grantz.”</p>

      <p>She swung at her tormentor, face twisted in agony, but her blade stopped inches from striking home.</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes. Yes, indeed. And therein lies your sin.”</p>

      <p>The assassin pried Cerberus from his back and launched her into a wall with a vicious kick, but the white wolf was undeterred. She leaped back into the fray, fangs bared.</p>

      <p>“Out of my way, mutt.”</p>

      <p>He caught her muzzle, seized her by the tail and smashed her into the floor. As she lay there, struggling, he followed up with a merciless fist, and then, as if that wasn’t enough, a pulverizing heel.</p>

      <p>“Ngh!”</p>

      <p>His foot never made contact. It crashed instead into Rosa’s back. She had leaped over Cerberus, covering the white wolf with her own body.</p>

      <p>“She’s family.” A fierce light burned in Rosa’s eyes as she smiled back up at her tormentor. “I won’t let scum like you lay a finger on her!”</p>

      <p>The assassin began to tremble with rage, as though he was struggling to hold himself back. “Then die along with the child in your belly.”</p>

      <p>He grasped her by the head and flung her into the wall. A grunt flew from her lips as her back struck the stone. She slid down, smacking heavily onto the floor. Still, she gritted her teeth and pressed her fist against the flagstones, struggling to rise despite the pain.</p>

      <p>“Enough. You have nothing left. Give in. You will know the same agony soon enough.”</p>

      <p>“Curse you...”</p>

      <p>The assassin’s hand stretched toward Rosa—and froze. That was no turn of phrase. His arm gleamed in the moonlight, suddenly sheathed in a block of ice.</p>

      <p>“Your games end here,” a voice said.</p>

      <p>Standing in the doorway was Scáthach du Faerzen. Her turquoise hair shone like silk even in the dark of night, and a silent will burned across the delicate spun glass of her features. Her slender body was encased in weighty armor, a clean and proper exterior to house her savage anger.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>