<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The fit came over her without warning. She stared at the ground, stamping her feet feverishly, neck jittering like a broken doll. Abruptly, she jumped as though startled. “Ah... Ah! I’m sorry! Forgive me! Please, don’t—”</p>

      <p>She retreated into a corner of the tent, wrapping her arms about herself. Her eyes flew wide in surprise as she looked around fearfully.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Lucia. If... If that is all, I must excuse myself. Igel is calling.”</p>

      <p>She fled through the tent flap as though trying to escape something unseen. Lucia cast a concerned glance at her retreating figure and closed her eyes.</p>

      <p>“How cruelly she has broken. Far more so than I expected.” She expelled a sigh heavy with lament. The corners of her mouth pulled upward. “Now, how best to make use of it?”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊＊＊</p>

      <p>The aide’s report cut through the clamor of the tent. “General Macrill, the scouts have found the Lebering army’s encampment.”</p>

      <p>At the head of the table, Macrill du Pius, general of the Kingdom of Vulpes, heaved himself to his feet. “Good, good. Where are they hiding?”</p>

      <p>“At Fort Veritas, sir. A small fortress in the center of the western territories.”</p>

      <p>“Quite the distance. Could we dispatch a task force to sack the place?”</p>

      <p>“We don’t know their numbers, sir. I believe it would be prudent to wait for more information.”</p>

      <p>“I see.” With a sigh, General Macrill settled back down into his chair. “A fine mess. We can’t go home empty-handed or Lady Luka will be bound for the block.”</p>

      <p>Of all the kingdoms, Vulpes had suffered particularly heavy losses. Not only had their force of twenty thousand been routed at the town of Severt, the defeated troops’ arms and armor had been appropriated by the enemy and used against the Punitive Army in the battle against Fourth Prince Hiro. The other kingdoms were already sharpening their tongues. If they demanded reparations, Luka would not just be stripped of her honors, she would likely lose her life.</p>

      <p>“I cannot let that happen, or I’ll never be able to look Lord Kratos in the eye.”</p>

      <p>The king before last, Kratos, had earned the enmity of many, but he had been like a father to General Macrill. Now that he had passed, all that remained of him were his two children, and it broke Macrill’s heart to see what had become of them after being cheated out of their kingdom. At the time, he had been powerless to do anything but stand at watch. Yet they had endured on their own and, in no time at all, surpassed him. When they took charge of the current campaign, hope had swelled in his chest that the throne might be restored to its rightful masters. But that hope was in ruins now—Igel had perished on the field, and the loss had shattered his sister’s mind.</p>

      <p>“What a tragic state of affairs. And I presume to call myself a general...”</p>

      <p>As Macrill crossed his arms and brooded, an aide approached him. “Vice-Commander Luka is calling for you, sir. She requests your presence in her tent at once.”</p>

      <p>Macrill’s mood immediately turned dour. He struggled to look at what Luka had become. Persistent rumors claimed that she slept with her dead brother’s head cradled in her arms, and the soldiers were beginning to complain about a foul stench issuing from the commander’s tent. Still, he could not turn down the invitation. There was no telling what kind of reprimand she might have in store.</p>

      <p>“Very well. I shall be there presently.” He made his way to the tent entrance, musing that a reprimand might be the least of his concerns.</p>

      <p>A chill assailed him as he stepped outside. He shrugged off a shiver and set out, his expression surly. Luka’s tent was not far from the main camp, and cries of merriment rose into the air on all sides as he walked in silence between the tents.</p>

      <p>At last, he came to his destination. The sentry at the entrance gave a tense bow. The man’s hand trembled as he pulled back the tent flap, perhaps intimidated by coming face-to-face with a superior officer, perhaps out of fear of the profane deeds taking place within.</p>

      <p>General Macrill heaved a sigh. Suppressing the desire to turn and flee, he ducked inside. Immediately, a rancid stench assailed his nostrils, vile enough to make his stomach churn. He clasped a hand over his mouth. As he staggered farther in, he spotted Luka seated in the center of the tent. She looked so ghastly that for a moment it took his breath away, but she gestured for him to sit, and he hurriedly did as he was bidden.</p>

      <p>“You called for me, my lady?” He couldn’t quite hide the tremor of fear in his voice. Tentatively, he raised his head, fearful that he had caused offense. He found her regarding him with eyes as clouded as muddy water, her expression stripped clean of all emotion.</p>

      <p>“Are you not going to greet Igel?”</p>

      <p>“My lady?”</p>

      <p>“Igel is angry. You must greet him.” Luka turned her brother’s head to face Macrill. Its flesh was dried, its skin was peeling, and the eyes had rotted out. Macrill’s gorge rose at the stench.</p>

      <p>Swallowing hard, he lowered his head. “Of course, my lady! Lord Igel, I am pleased to see you hale!”</p>

      <p>He could stand to watch no longer. The murky waters of a bottomless swamp crept over his feet and up his legs. He shivered at a chill that was not quite due to the cold.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Igel. What shall we do with him?” Luka smiled as she cradled the skull lovingly. “Really? Will that satisfy you? Well...” She giggled. “You always were a kind soul.”</p>

      <p>She gestured for General Macrill to raise his head. His old bones creaked as he looked upward, all the while fighting the nerves trying to resist.</p>

      <p>The dim light of the tent picked out the faintest of smiles on Luka’s lips. “In view of your faithful service to our family since our father’s time, you have graciously been spared from punishment.”</p>

      <p>General Macrill did not ask by whom. If he did, his head would roll. His voice stayed level as he expressed his gratitude. “I am delighted to hear that, my lady. I will continue to serve you—both of you—with all my being.”</p>

      <p>“Now, to the reason I called you here.”</p>

      <p>“I am yours to command, my lady.”</p>

      <p>“I want you to put all the nearby towns to the torch. Cut down the refugees as they take to the roads and hang the corpses up where they will easily be seen. You are to leave no imperial alive. Turn over every last stone. Lop off every last head.”</p>

      <p>Macrill was lowering his head a second time when the unthinkable order entered his ears. He froze mid-motion. Confusion swirled inside his skull, but knowing that he had to give an answer, he steeled himself and spoke.</p>

      <p>“My lady...this I cannot do.”</p>

      <p>“And why not?”</p>

      <p>“It would make us needless enemies. It would adversely affect our prospects in battle.”</p>

      <p>“Raise your head, General Macrill.”</p>

      <p>With a great thump, his heart began to beat faster, as though a bucket of midwinter water had been upended over his head. His breathing grew ragged as he felt his emotions recoil. With his mind unable to accept a command it could not process, his body initiated a rejection response. Time slowed down. He felt as though he was lost in darkness, a darkness that stretched on forever—but all things must eventually meet their end.</p>

      <p>No scream left his mouth as his head finished its arc. Terror stifled his surprise in his throat. But right before his eyes, close enough for their noses to touch, was Luka’s face. Her pupils flared as her gaze bored into him. By her side, level with her own head, she held her brother’s skull.</p>

      <p>“Look at what the empire did to Igel. Kill them. Every last man.”</p>

      <p>She had been so beautiful when they first met. After her father’s death, that beauty had become her curse, earmarking her to become the plaything of the nobles. Even so, she had never lost her dignity, shining graceful and pure as she kept faith in a brighter tomorrow. She had lived through hell and finally won her freedom, and yet look what had become of her—her body swathed in burns, her dead brother’s head cradled in her arms. Where her eyes had once been clear as amber, now they were clouded with malignancy.</p>

      <p>“It will be done, my lady. All who stand in our way will know the meaning of carnage.”</p>

      <p>She was careening toward destruction. No one else would follow her now. But if he stood by her side, if he gave her what little remained of his life, perhaps it might repay the debt he owed her father.</p>

      <p>“I will give you twenty thousand men. Burn their villages. Raze their towns. Reduce their castles, their forts, everything with four walls to rubble.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, my lady.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>