<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: Fraying at the Seams</h1>

      <p>It was early in the morning, scarcely past the crack of dawn, and a haze of gloom still clung to the fringes of the sky. Towns and villages were shrouded from view, sunken shadows in a sea of mist. The ocean of white stretched away far to the east, where snow glittered on the majestic peaks of the Grausam Mountains in the cold light of the morning sun.</p>

      <p>A harsh noise shattered the silence of the fantastical scene, a chilling, violent clamor that set the air trembling far and wide as it passed. The storm whirled through the stately silence of the early morning, rising to the heavens in a vortex of metallic clattering.</p>

      <p>Beneath the azure sky, where solemnity mingled with discord, sprawled a great city. Cladius, more commonly known simply as the imperial capital, was more than worthy of the word “opulent.” For a thousand years it had lasted, and still it stood strong; it was one of the oldest cities in the world.</p>

      <p>A vibrant townscape ringed the stately palace of Venezyne, itself shielded by formidable walls that girded its perimeter. Before the main gate stood ranks upon ranks of men. Easily numbering more than one hundred thousand, they were the source of the earlier cacophony, the culprits who had polluted the morning air with violence. This would be no tranquil day. The capital was in uproar.</p>

      <p>First came a cry.</p>

      <p>“Mars!”</p>

      <p>It was impossible to tell who spoke first, but the grief in their voice was plain to hear.</p>

      <p>“Mars! Mars!”</p>

      <p>Heat rose, enough to dispel the mist. One voice became two, then three and four. Before long, the single shout had swollen into a great chorus, shaking the world, rocking the earth, piercing the sky.</p>

      <p>“Mars! Mars! Mars! Mars!”</p>

      <p>The air was worse than chill; it was freezing, and yet fiery passions rang through the skies.</p>

      <p>“Vengeance! Vengeance!”</p>

      <p>Faced with the immensity of the chant, the heavens yielded their dominion to man. The cries shook the air, cleaving through the clouds with their fury.</p>

      <p>“Vengeance! Vengeance! Vengeance! Vengeance!”</p>

      <p>As the chant went on, war drums began to crash in answer.</p>

      <p>“We fight for vengeance! Let us bring the hammer of righteousness to bear against Six Kingdoms!”</p>

      <p>The soldiers struck their swords against their shields, sending droplets of mist spraying with every beat. Beads of sparkling dew reflected the soldiers’ irate faces as they stamped their feet.</p>

      <p>“Silence, you knaves! Now is the time for mourning!”</p>

      <p>An officer shouted over the din, but it would not be quelled. Like oil on a fire, his indignation only fueled their outrage.</p>

      <p>“Let the world know our fury! Let the world know our grief!”</p>

      <p>It was the eighth day of the third month of Imperial Year 1024. Devastating news had come to the capital. Fourth Prince Hiro Schwartz had fallen in battle on the Laryx Plains to the west. The people wept, the soldiers fumed, and a pall of mourning settled over the nation.</p>

      <p>“Oh, great Spirit King! Bear witness to our wrath! Hold our sorrow to your breast!”</p>

      <p>Standard bearers threaded their way through the ranks, whipping up trails of dust as they rode. Banners emblazoned with the imperial lion reached toward the sky.</p>

      <p>“Oh, holy Divines! Light our path and drive away the darkness!”</p>

      <p>For one thousand years, the Grantzian Empire had been the sole master of Soleil. Now, its foundations were buckling. Two months prior, Six Kingdoms, rulers of the region known as Klym far to the west, had invaded the empire’s western territories. The threat they posed grew by the day and they had already claimed countless victims. First, the people of the west had lost their homes, fleeing east as refugees; order across the land had worsened as monsters and bandits thrived. Next, the loss of two of the five illustrious high generals had weakened the nation’s military. And finally, the death of the emperor, followed by other members of the royal family, had paralyzed the chain of command.</p>

      <p>Still, despite the severity of its losses, the empire had not yet made a move. The vastness of its territories left it constantly scrambling to catch up with its foe.</p>

      <p>“Six Kingdoms’ crimes call for divine retribution! May the lightning of our wrath rain down upon their heads!”</p>

      <p>The soldiers’ fury was directed as much at the nobility and their inaction as anywhere else.</p>

      <p>“Their crimes call for vengeance! Your Majesty, in all your glory, deliver them just punishment!”</p>

      <p>Their voices turned to fervent prayers for the emperor’s appearance as they shouted toward the capital. Eyes burning with rage, they fixed their gazes on the great castle squatting on the horizon.</p>

      <p>The morning mist shrouding the land had dissipated now. The sun’s face shone through a gap in the clouds, revealing the city in all its beauty. Yet the air over the walls seemed stagnant. Perhaps the malaise was the product of the tragic news, or perhaps the heavens had taken it upon themselves to reflect the soldiers’ anger. None could claim to know either way.</p>

      <p>Passing through the main gate led to the central boulevard, a district lined with open stalls. To call it a shell of its former self would have been an exaggeration, but with many merchants having fled in advance of the invasion, it had lost much of its former vibrancy. More than a few shopkeepers remained to ply their trade, but unlike the soldiers outside the walls, they were committed enough to a mourning silence that they didn’t even raise their voices to hawk their wares.</p>

      <p>They gazed up at the great statue of the Twelve Divines that lined the boulevard, keeping vigil over the people passing below. The most popular deity was the War God, the figure otherwise known as the Hero King of Twinned Black, who had laid the empire’s foundations and ruled as its second emperor.</p>

      <p>“Oh, great Mars...” a voice intoned. “I beg you, deliver Fourth Prince Hiro’s mortal soul.”</p>

      <p>A crowd knelt before the base of the statue. The season was turning from winter to spring, but a chill still lingered in the air. Breath hung white and hands went numb with cold. To look at them was to shiver. Yet they filled the central boulevard, knees pressed to the ground as they offered prayers. Their faces betrayed no discomfort, only teary-eyed sorrow.</p>

      <p>A short distance away was the statue of the goddess of beauty called the Valditte, the only member of the Divines never to have sat the throne. More figures knelt to pray beneath her outstretched arms.</p>

      <p>“Your Grace...the first archpriestess... I beg you, preserve Lord Hiro... Preserve him...”</p>

      <p>Yet as some prayed to the gods, others vented their frustrations to one another.</p>

      <p>“Were they mad?! They sent him out with only forty thousand men!”</p>

      <p>“The empire’s full of incompetents if they thought he could win that fight!”</p>

      <p>“Any fool could see it was hopeless! What was the emperor thinking?”</p>

      <p>More than a few of the townsfolk spat undisguised insults at the palace, where even now an emergency war council was being held.</p>

      <p>“The people’s anxiety grows by the day,” a woman remarked as she surveyed the city from above. A shadow fell across her features as she turned away from the window. Sorrow lined the faces of the nobles who filled the chamber behind her.</p>

      <p><em>Hardly surprising.</em></p>

      <p>Word of the fourth prince’s passing had dealt a significant blow to their preparations. An oppressive air hung over the antechamber, heavy with unspoken wails and cries of grief. The woman breathed a small sigh and settled herself in her chair.</p>

      <p>“Let us begin,” she announced solemnly.</p>

      <p>Myste Caliara Rosa von Kelheit exuded a bewitching aura, marrying pure beauty with coquettish charm, but that was not all. As the acting head of House Kelheit, she possessed a noble’s dignity. A stubborn strength of will glittered in the alluring depths of her blue eyes. At present, however, her edge was blunted by weariness.</p>

      <p>“We have called our reinforcements from across the empire. All is ready. The only thing that remains is to decide when we depart.”</p>

      <p>She paused for a moment to scan the nobles’ expressions, gauging the mood in the room. Her eyes came to rest on a thin-featured man with an unhealthily pale complexion.</p>

      <p>“Might I ask a question before we proceed?” Chancellor Graeci’s empty left sleeve rustled as he raised his right hand.</p>

      <p>Rosa gestured for him to continue.</p>

      <p>“I cannot help but notice that Lady Celia Estrella is not present. Might I ask why?”</p>

      <p>At that, the other nobles began to glance around the chamber. Back in the days when the emperor and his sons were hale, none would have noted her absence, but now they watched her every move.</p>

      <p>Rosa couldn’t help but pull a sour expression. “She has taken ill, but it is nothing serious. I have bidden her rest for today.” She took care to keep her tone neutral. It would not do to have them suspect the truth.</p>

      <p>Chancellor Graeci cocked his head as though seized by some doubt. “She is to command our armies in battle against Six Kingdoms. Ought we be concerned?”</p>

      <p>“There will not be a problem.”</p>

      <p>“I can only hope you are right.”</p>

      <p>Pacified by Rosa’s sharp response, Graeci spoke no more. None of the other nobles seemed inclined to pursue the matter either. Most likely, they feared that voicing their concerns or frustrations would worsen Liz’s standing.</p>

      <p>“I have had her assessed by a physician. A little rest ought to be all she needs to make a full recovery.”</p>

      <p>Again, Rosa tried her hardest to maintain her composure, but the anxiety in her chest grew by the second. She did not know whether Liz would recover in time to lead the march.</p>

      <p><em>I had thought she was too young for notions of love and romance...and yet.</em></p>

      <p>Upon hearing of Hiro’s death, Liz had broken down and begun to hyperventilate. Rosa’s attempts to soothe her had failed, and in her hysteria, she had struck her head and lost consciousness. At present, she was under Aura and Scáthach’s care in House Kelheit’s mansion. The physician attributed her continued unconsciousness to mental factors.</p>

      <p><em>If it comes to it, we’ll have to think of something else. A double, perhaps...</em></p>

      <p>Rosa was all too aware of what her sister was going through. She herself wanted to scream and wail.</p>

      <p><em>But my position won’t permit it.</em></p>

      <p>The day would soon come when Liz, too, would have to cast aside her sorrow. The throne she aspired to did not permit such sentiments. But that was all the more reason that Rosa wanted to give her time to grieve while she could.</p>

      <p><em>Cry all the tears you need to, Liz. Mourn for every second that you can. Someday, you will no longer have that luxury.</em></p>

      <p>Rosa’s gaze fell to her own hip, where she kept Lionheart, the blade Hiro had given her before his departure. She curled her fingers around the hilt and sighed.</p>

      <p><em>You truly are a wretch.</em></p>

      <p>With that thought, she cast her gaze once more around the room. “As I was saying, the outstanding question is when we march.”</p>

      <p>“In my view, we ought to ride forth tomorrow,” Graeci replied. “Aside from anything else, there is a limit to how long we can secure our reinforcements. If we prolong our departure any further, there is no telling what might happen.”</p>

      <p>“I would prefer two days hence, if possible,” Rosa responded.</p>

      <p>Several of the other nobles groaned. Preparations for the march were already complete; there would be no difficulty in setting out the next day. That deadline, however, was uncomfortably close for Rosa, who did not know when Liz might awake. If arranging a double did prove necessary, she would need as much time as possible.</p>

      <p>Unable to give her true reasons, she instead brought a new matter to the council’s attention. “There is something else I ought to tell you. I am awaiting a letter from Queen Claudia.”</p>

      <p>Graeci’s brow furrowed. “Of Lebering?”</p>

      <p>“The very same. She wrote several days ago to say that something was amiss in Six Kingdoms’ camp. I expect that her next letter will explain more.”</p>

      <p>“And where exactly is Queen Claudia?” one of the northern nobles piped up.</p>

      <p>It was known that she had sent reinforcements, but they had never reached the capital. Her forces had left the main roads and vanished from the reach of the empire’s gaze.</p>

      <p>“It appears she rode west to confront Six Kingdoms alone.”</p>

      <p>The noble gasped. “What?! But this is an outrage!”</p>

      <p>“Quite! This is the Grantzian Empire, not her snowbound wasteland. Our soil is not those accursed zlosta’s back garden!”</p>

      <p>“It appears they have forgotten their place. This will require harsh correction.”</p>

      <p>Once one man erupted, the rest followed with a slew of abuse. Even after a thousand years, the humans’ fear of the zlosta was difficult to completely erase—all the more so when the zlosta in question were moving freely around the empire unsupervised.</p>

      <p>“Gentlemen, please. I understand your reservations, but we have greater concerns.” Chancellor Graeci’s austere tones brought the chamber to order. He did not hide his exasperation that the nobles would be so easily startled by the mere mention of zlosta. “Recall that Fourth Prince Hiro and Second Prince Selene contrived to grant them freedom of movement within imperial borders. We have not the authority to disagree.”</p>

      <p>The fourth prince might be dead, but finding fault with him would only invite anger from the people. The second prince refused to make any appearances at council and would not be joining the forthcoming campaign, but again, the only thing to be gained from criticizing him was enemies. No matter what the nobles thought privately, they refrained from publicly disdaining either’s name.</p>

      <p>Seeing the rest of the room maintain its silence, Graeci returned his attention to Rosa. “And you expect this letter to arrive tomorrow or the day after?”</p>

      <p>Rosa nodded firmly.</p>

      <p>“Its contents will likely call for revisions to our plans. Very well. We had best postpone the march to two days hence.” Graeci gave a nod of agreement. The other nobles seemed to broadly concur. He glanced around to confirm there was no dissent and continued. “That brings us to this claim Six Kingdoms is spreading of Fourth Prince Hiro’s passing.”</p>

      <p>“Do you believe there’s any substance to it, my lord?” a southern noble asked.</p>

      <p>“It may be fabricated, but considering that word from him has ceased, we must contend with the possibility that it is the truth.”</p>

      <p>The noble heaved a sigh of lament. His neighbor, a fellow southern nobleman with broad shoulders, picked up the thread.</p>

      <p>“As a result, the military is in poor standing with the people. Discontent accumulates by the day and there is no telling when it might erupt. Moreover, the central nobles’ disgraceful conduct has cost their armies dearly.”</p>

      <p>“As you say, my lord. The people’s uncertainty must be assuaged. If the nation is not to fall apart, we must quell their dissatisfaction.” It was not Chancellor Graeci who answered, but Beto von Muzuk, head of House Muzuk of the south. His words brimmed with unshakable confidence.</p>

      <p>Graeci arched an irritable eyebrow as his shoulders visibly sagged. “Should we not first attend to the horde wreaking havoc on our doorstep, Lord von Muzuk?”</p>

      <p>“And why do you say that?”</p>

      <p>“Must I explain? Six Kingdoms is running wild in the west as we speak. If we do not drive them out, the empire’s very existence will be in peril. The people’s grumblings can wait.”</p>

      <p>“I suspected you would not understand.” Beto gave a helpless shrug. “If we are to postpone our departure, we must ease the people’s fears.”</p>

      <p>“What will ease their fears is stability, and there will be no stability until we expel Six Kingdoms. Until then, they will simply have to wait.”</p>

      <p>“There is one other way,” Beto said slyly.</p>

      <p>Graeci’s gaze hardened. “And what is that?”</p>

      <p>For some reason, Beto’s eyes flicked to Rosa. “I would have preferred not to announce it so publicly, but if she will not say it, then I shall.” Intrigued eyes converged on him, drawn by his theatrical manner. “Lady von Kelheit is with child.”</p>

      <p>Silence fell. Mouths hung open. Astonished faces turned to Rosa as the chamber emptied of all but the sound of breathing. None, however, were more astonished than Rosa herself.</p>

      <p>“Pardon?” The announcement was news to her.</p>

      <p>Beto’s face was anything but calm as he regarded her. His eyes narrowed gleefully, like those of a predator that had cornered its prey. “Perhaps you ought to be the one to explain?”</p>

      <p>“You had better explain to me first.” Rosa’s brow furrowed warily.</p>

      <p>Beto continued, unruffled. “Please, my lady. There is no need to be so bashful. Did you not tell me that you were carrying Lord Hiro’s child?”</p>

      <p>In an instant, the chamber ground to a halt. Everybody watched with bated breath, so shocked that they even forgot to blink. It was possible. That she was the fourth prince’s lover was an open secret. If the claim were true, the people would rejoice, and that would be the least of it. Her child could ease relations across borders.</p>

      <p>“Is it true?” one of the eastern nobles asked, a hint of expectation in his voice.</p>

      <p>Now that Hiro was likely dead, her child would be the new scion of the War God. All around the room, eyes flooded with relief. The extinction of the bloodline had been averted. Rosa hurriedly made to stand, but before she could speak, Beto interrupted.</p>

      <p>“I understand your eagerness, but we must give her time. The safety of the mother is of the highest importance.” He swept his gaze over the rest of the nobles, speaking without pause. “It would not do to place her under undue stress. I trust we are all in agreement?”</p>

      <p>The eastern nobles were supposed to have been Rosa’s allies, but even they began to settle down at that. Beto shot her a smug look as he redoubled his offensive.</p>

      <p>“It would be best for you to wait out the coming war in the capital. If the pregnancy is not yet stable, we would risk the worst.”</p>

      <p>Rosa’s jaw hung as slack as everyone else’s for a moment, but she soon regained her bearings. She struck the desk in angry defiance and rose to her feet.</p>

      <p>“I have no idea where you caught wind of these rumors, but I assure you, I am <em>not</em> with child.”</p>

      <p>A chill settled in the air, as though time had stopped. The nobles stiffened, cowed. Enough time dragged on that even Rosa began to feel uncomfortable.</p>

      <p>“My lady,” a nobleman finally ventured, “I understand that this is a difficult time, but surely there is no need to be ashamed.”</p>

      <p>With that, the tension broke. Calm once more filled the chamber. The force of Rosa’s denial only seemed to have underscored the claim’s credibility.</p>

      <p>“There are dark times, my lady. The people will be glad of good tidings.”</p>

      <p>The lie began to twist itself into truth, with or without its subject’s consent.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. This is cause for celebration. There is no need to hide it.”</p>

      <p>One by one, nobles—clearly planted by House Muzuk—began to congratulate her. Even Rosa’s allies among the eastern nobles looked convinced, eyes sparkling at the possibility of a child of the War God. The joyfulness of the tidings had clouded their eyes, and they didn’t even realize that they were playing into their opponent’s hands. A sly grin crossed Beto’s face, and she knew she had been outplayed.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>