<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:6b3c846b-1c53-41c1-af3c-0199e560abec" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix002">
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a id="page-199"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix002">AFTERWORD</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Happy New Year, everyone. This is Yu Shimizu, happily delivering <em>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</em>, Volume 6, to you. Thank you for your patience!</p>
<p>As the cover illustration implies, our tough-but-cute samurai girl, Sakuya, takes center stage this time around. The Void Lord who destroyed her homeland; her sister, who has been resurrected as an undead; the enigmatic being who granted her a Demon Sword—and of course, her encounters with the Dark Lord (who actually sleeps in the same dorm as her). Whatever will happen to her next…?!</p>
<p>I hope you’re looking forward to how she uses her new power later in the story.</p>
<p>Now then, it’s time for a bit of gratitude. A huge thank-you to Asagi Tosaka for drawing more wonderful illustrations! Both the color inserts and the black-and-white pictures are all of fantastic quality. I can only fall to my hands and knees in your presence!</p>
<p>To Asuka Keigen, who’s in charge of the manga adaptation, I look forward to every issue you release. Thank you so much!</p>
<p><a id="page-200"></a>And of course, the biggest thanks go to all you readers for your support of the series! Our next volume will bring a new development in the story of the Dark Lord and the Holy Swords. Please look forward to it!</p>
<p class="right"><strong><em>—Yu Shimizu, January 2021</em></strong></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>