<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:6b3c846b-1c53-41c1-af3c-0199e560abec" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter031">
<p><a id="page-193"></a><em>“Grohhhhhhhhh…!”</em></p>
<p>The hero of the emptiness used his eight arms to swing his weapons about, slaughtering the Voids. However, the disruption did manage to keep him held in place.</p>
<p>Such was the tenacity of those seeking revenge for their ruined homeland. Now Leonis had a chance.</p>
<p>He pulled his Holy Sword’s trigger, and the streak of light hit Shardark squarely between the eyes—</p>
<p><em>Crack…</em></p>
<p>—causing a small fracture to form in Shardark’s forehead.</p>
<p><em>Crack… Crack… Crack…!</em></p>
<p>It expanded rapidly to cover the Void Lord’s entire body. Shardark’s arm was completely overtaken by the fissures, and Riselia fell to the ground.</p>
<p>“…Miss Selia!” Leonis called out as he collapsed.</p>
<p>With all of his mana exhausted, he couldn’t manage to stay on his feet.</p>
<p><em>“…How…regrettable… The goddess’s…vessel…within my…grasp…”</em></p>
<p>Shardark reached toward Riselia, but the hand crumbled away.</p>
<p><em>The vessel…? What is he saying?!</em></p>
<p><em>“Grohhhhhh… Grohhhhhh… Grohhhhhhhhhhh…!”</em></p>
<p>The hero who had been consumed by nothingness howled loudly enough to shake the collapsed buildings. Fractures overtook his body, distorting the space around him.</p>
<p>The Swordmaster of the Six Heroes, still fighting against the Voids holding him back, disappeared into the tear in space.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>