<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:6b3c846b-1c53-41c1-af3c-0199e560abec" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter014">
<p><a id="page-97"></a>“…That’s rich, coming from a child,” Sakuya replied as she scooped up a bit of cream that clung to Leonis’s cheek with a finger and licked it off.</p>
<p>“…!” Leonis’s cheeks flushed.</p>
<p>“What’s wrong, boy?” Sakuya inquired with obvious curiosity. Her cluelessness set this apart from Regina’s usual brand of teasing.</p>
<p>“By the way, Miss Sakuya…” To change the subject, Leonis brought up something he was curious about. “You were a…princess in the Sakura Orchid, right?”</p>
<p>The blue-haired girl shrugged. “…Mm. Well, not anymore.”</p>
<p>“I’m just surprised that the people around here treat you normally.”</p>
<p>None of the those passing by called out to Sakuya in particular, and the shopkeeper didn’t seem to give her any special treatment despite her royal background. A thousand years ago, that would have been unthinkable. The rigid class system would have forbidden it.</p>
<p>“Well, some of the family’s old retainers still call me princess, but we’re in the Seventh Assault Garden, and I’m a student at Excalibur Academy, so my origin doesn’t matter much,” Sakuya explained coolly. “We’re all knights, fighting to protect humanity from our common enemy, the Voids.”</p>
<p><em>…I see. I suppose that makes sense.</em></p>
<p>As Leonis thought on this, he realized that Regina concealed her royal lineage, and Riselia was the daughter of a duke, making her a noble. Similarly, Elfiné’s father owned a major conglomerate in the capital. And despite all that, they were all treated as ordinary students in the academy.</p>
<p>Putting aside fools like Viscount Muselle, Excalibur Academy’s students didn’t seem to place much importance on class or <a id="page-98"></a>pedigree. Regina only called Riselia “lady” because of her history as the other girl’s maid.</p>
<p>“That’s why I present myself not with the royal family’s name, but with our Imperial name, Sieglinde. It’s the proof of my resolve to be reborn as a warrior for Excalibur Academy,” Sakuya stated as she stared up at the clear blue sky.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>