<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:6b3c846b-1c53-41c1-af3c-0199e560abec" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter023">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a id="page-139"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter023">CHAPTER 8</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter023">SETSURA</a></h1>
<p class="noindent"><em>She’s quick…!</em></p>
<p><em>Skrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!</em></p>
<p>The first slash Sakuya blocked made that evident. The girl she was facing was much stronger than she was. In terms of sheer sword skills, even Sakuya’s upperclassmen were no match for her, yet this masked girl…</p>
<p><em>…She’s got me on the ropes!</em></p>
<p>Their blades clashed, spitting sparks. Sakuya exhaled hard and kicked off the ground to leap away and distance herself from her opponent. The masked girl didn’t pursue and simply lowered her katana offhandedly. Despite meeting Raikirimaru, the masked girl’s weapon wasn’t so much as nicked. That shouldn’t have been possible for an ordinary weapon.</p>
<p><em>…A Holy Swordswoman…</em></p>
<p>It wasn’t clear yet what power this enemy commanded, but Sakuya couldn’t sense the ominous aura of a Demon Sword about her.</p>
<p>“Are you with the Kenki Gathering?” Sakuya demanded, tightening her grip on Raikirimaru.</p>
<p><a id="page-140"></a>“…”</p>
<p>The masked girl neither confirmed nor denied anything. She only raised her Holy Sword again. Strained silence fell over the two. The sounds of their fight hadn’t drawn anyone’s attention, and no one was coming to help.</p>
<p>That struck Sakuya as strange. Yes, the shrine was closed off, but surely Eika and the other guards would have heard their clash and come over by now. When Sakuya looked around, she recognized that the scenery was off.</p>
<p>She narrowed her eyes. On closer inspection, the air over the trees wavered like heat haze.</p>
<p><em>…A barrier of some kind. This must be her Holy Sword’s ability.</em></p>
<p>It must have prevented all sound within from escaping.</p>
<p>“You’ve clearly come here prepared. What are you after?!”</p>
<p>Even if this girl was an operative of the Kenki Gathering, she didn’t seem to be working toward the same goal as the others. The Kenki Gathering sought to release the Sakura Orchid god sealed in the Mana Furnace, using it to summon the Void Lord they wanted dead. Killing the priestess, Sakuya, was entirely at odds with that.</p>
<p><em>The Kenki Gathering did mention they had a princess priestess of their own… Is this her?!</em></p>
<p>The masked girl took half a step forward.</p>
<p><em>Here she comes!</em></p>
<p>Sakuya activated Raikirimaru’s acceleration power. White plasma crackled as Sakuya vanished.</p>
<p>“Mikagami-style swordsmanship—Thundering Lightning Slash!”</p>
<p>Several slashes flashed through the dark of the night. This was a blade technique meant for countering large Voids. A shower of cuts, as elusive as smoke, rained down on the masked girl.</p>
<p><a id="page-141"></a>…Yet Sakuya didn’t feel any of them land. Her opponent’s visage faded away like mist.</p>
<p>“…?!”</p>
<p>On instinct, Sakuya whirled and raised her electrified Holy Sword.</p>
<p><em>Skriiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!</em></p>
<p>There came an earsplitting, dissonant noise. She was able to deflect the attack, but…</p>
<p>“—Demonic wind!”</p>
<p>An invisible surge of air issued from her opponent’s blade, knocking Sakuya’s body away. Her back hit the ground hard, forcing the breath from her lungs.</p>
<p>“Ngah…!”</p>
<p>The masked girl brought down her Holy Sword, and the sand on the ground around her scattered… Not a moment later, something invisible and sharp bit into the shoulder of Sakuya’s priestess outfit.</p>
<p>“…That Holy Sword… It uses the power of the wind!” Sakuya said through gritted teeth while holding her bleeding shoulder.</p>
<p>Both the afterimage that remained as the masked girl dodged Sakuya’s attack and the unseen cut at her shoulder had been air-based Holy Sword powers. The same was likely true of the barrier.</p>
<p><em>No good…!</em></p>
<p>Loath though she was to admit it, Sakuya understood from the brief fight that her enemy was stronger than her.</p>
<p>“…You’re not an opponent I can afford to hold back against,” Sakuya muttered, turning Raikirimaru’s blade.</p>
<p>Void miasma began seeping from her right arm.</p>
<p>“Demon Sword—Yamichidori.”</p>
<p>A black mist enveloped her Holy Sword, and it began to shine <a id="page-143"></a>with a dark, otherworldly glow. Black lightning crackled, charring the ground.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>