<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:6b3c846b-1c53-41c1-af3c-0199e560abec" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter001">
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a id="page-1"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter001">PROLOGUE</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">One thousand years ago…</p>
<p>In Las Olzande, a corrupt land on the frontier of the Kingdom of Rognas, there stood two figures, each of them emanating an unusual presence.</p>
<p>“Please step back, Sir Gisark. I will handle this,” one of them said quietly.</p>
<p>He was a great man, boasting an impressive, toned physique. His shining, golden hair extended down to his waist, and his eyes were as black as unfathomable darkness. He wore a pure white overcoat and clutched a broadsword as tall as he was.</p>
<p>He was Shardark Shin Ignis. A ray of hope for humanity, chosen by the Luminous Powers themselves. The Six Heroes’ strongest Swordmaster.</p>
<p>“He was your disciple. Can you truly cut him down?” questioned the other figure, a warrior with the head of a dragon.</p>
<p>Armor seemingly crafted of scales protected him, and he carried a pair of single-edged blades. This was the Divine Dragon of the Six Heroes, Gisark Saint Dragon.</p>
<p><a id="page-2"></a>“Of course. That disciple of mine has fallen to darkness, and I will personally deliver him from this mortal realm.”</p>
<p>With his sword in hand, Shardark gazed at the army of undead along the horizon. Not a single living creature stood among the ranks. There were only the unliving remains of tens of thousands of Rognas soldiers, all of them animated and controlled by vast amounts of mana.</p>
<p>And the one leading that legion of the dead on the back of a massive black wolf was none other than the Undead King—Leonis Death Magnus. Soaring above it all was an army of wyrms commanded by a gigantic red dragon.</p>
<p>“Sir Gisark, you handle that one—”</p>
<p>“Veira, the Dragon Lord, eh? That one’s obsessed with killing me.” Gisark had slain the dragons roosting on the Demon Dragon’s Mountain Range, devouring them all. “Very well. It’s about time I consumed that girl, too.”</p>
<p>Gisark transformed into a great silvery wyrm and soared up into the clouds. After watching his companion take flight, Shardark leaped into the air.</p>
<p>“My most unworthy disciple, who succumbed to the Goddess of Rebellion’s cajolery… This is where I put an end to you!”</p>
<p><em>Whooooooosh!</em></p>
<p>Shardark’s greatsword gouged into the earth, loosing a luminous shockwave that swept away the armies of the dead. Yet the Undead King was unperturbed, merely sneering.</p>
<p>“I am afraid that is impossible, my master. I have long since surpassed you.”</p>
<p>The Undead King hurled a wave of dark mana. Its thick miasma swallowed and rotted the land as it raced forward, washing over the hero.</p>
<p>“—You would do well not to underestimate the Swordmaster!”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>