<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter51"><div class="main">

      <p>“Tch, that fool, bringing shame to the family...” Duke Arbor came over too, twisting his face in annoyance at the disgraceful sight of his son.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait, please! It’s too dangerous. Don’t provoke the bandit!” The soldiers hurried to halt Count Clare and Duke Arbor in their steps.</p>

      <p>“Argh, release me! Didn’t you tell me your security measures were perfect?!” Roland wailed, breathing roughly. In the meantime, the black figure confirmed the situation around them through his hood.</p>

      <p><em>Professor Celia — it’s me, Rio.</em> <em>I apologize for the fuss, but I wanted to take the chance to talk to you while our surroundings are doused in confusion. If you could remain silent for a moment, I would greatly appreciate it,</em> he spoke to Celia through telepathic spirit arts.</p>

      <p>“?!” Celia gasped and stiffened in the face. However, she seemed to have built some resistance to the shock of telepathy through her encounter with Aishia earlier, as she seemed to accept the situation without much of a reaction. She waited for Rio’s words with a worried look.</p>

      <p><em>First of all, I am communicating to your mind through a method called telepathy.</em> <em>This cannot be used without direct contact with the other, so please remain restrained like this for a while. It’ll act as a control to our surroundings too.</em> <em>If you think your thoughts strongly and clearly, they’ll reach me too, so if you have any questions...</em> Rio began to explain to Celia while being wary of their surroundings.</p>

      <p><em>So it really was your doing, wasn’t it?! What is the meaning of this?!</em> Celia questioned Rio without a moment’s hesitation. But before Rio could respond, Charles grew tired at their feet and started to make a fuss.</p>

      <p>“Y-You! How long do you intend on using me as a footrest?! Who sent you? What do you want?!”</p>

      <p>Rio sighed quietly. “Silence. I have a vendetta against you. I’m considering my options right now, and I don’t mind simply crushing your spine like this, honestly,” he said, putting more force into the foot on Charles.</p>

      <p><em>W-Wait, Rio?!</em></p>

      <p><em>Don’t worry —</em> <em>I won’t kill anyone.</em> <em>It’s an act to make a distraction, because</em> <em>he’s a bit nosy.</em></p>

      <p><em>Y-Yeah...</em> Celia nodded timidly at Rio’s explanation.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...” Charles must have sensed how the weight on his back was threatening his life and immediately fell silent.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the surroundings were in extreme chaos, with people trying to evacuate the attendees while also trying to surrounding the horse carriage. However, they appeared to fear for the safety of Celia and Charles who had been taken hostage, as they didn’t try any bold actions.</p>

      <p>Rio decided to take that time to continue his explanation. <em>There’s no time, so let me say this quickly:</em> <em>I want to hear what your true feelings are one more time, before you get married.</em> <em>That is why I have come,</em> he said flatly.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What do you mean, “that is why”?</em> <em>What are you thinking, doing something like this?! You’ll be captured, you know!!</em> Celia yelled in her head in a panic.</p>

      <p><em>I said I wanted to hear what your true feelings are, Professor.</em> Even so, Rio showed no sign of impatience as he spoke in a firm tone.</p>

      <p><em>T-That’s...</em> <em>I told you, I...</em> Pressured by Rio’s determination, Celia’s face fell with chagrin.</p>

      <p><em>You can’t fool me.</em> <em>I came here knowing roughly the whole story behind this political marriage.</em> <em>About how the Count Claire house was placed under a certain suspicion, which the Duke Arbor house half threatened.</em> <em>I understand why you were put in this situation, Professor.</em></p>

      <p><em>Huh?! W-Where did you hear that?!</em> Celia gasped, her expression changing.</p>

      <p><em>I crossed a dangerous bridge...</em> <em>But none of that matters right now.</em> Rio dismissed her question curtly.</p>

      <p><em>I-It should matter...</em> There were many things she wanted to ask about in that short exchange just now, but Rio’s forceful attitude rendered Celia speechless.</p>

      <p><em>...Won’t you tell me, please? Assuming there was no need for you to sacrifice yourself, would you still want to marry this man, Professor?</em> <em>That’s all I wanted to ask,</em> Rio asked smoothly as he looked down at Charles below him, almost as though he could see right through Celia’s heart.</p>

      <p><em>What will you do... after I answer?</em> Celia asked in a weak and timid way.</p>

      <p><em>If you so desire, I will bring this wedding to a halt. Just like how you readily accepted this political marriage, I readily accepted my choice to do that before coming here,</em> Rio said with determination.</p>

      <p><em>...You’re being too overbearing.</em></p>

      <p><em>I am fully aware of how overbearing and forceful I’m being.</em> <em>I’ve already overstepped that line by interfering with your wedding in the first place, Professor.</em></p>

      <p><em>If you understand that much, why... Why are you doing such a thing?</em> Celia asked timidly.</p>

      <p><em>Because I couldn’t accept it.</em> <em>You’re important to me, Professor —</em> <em>if I hadn’t come today, at this moment, I would have regretted it for the rest of my life.</em> <em>I don’t want to lose the people who are most important to me without doing anything about it...</em> <em>I’ve already lost important things to me and regretted it quite a bit.</em> <em>Once something is lost, you can never get it back, but... there’s still time before you lose it.</em> Rio’s declaration was almost gallantly self-centered.</p>

      <p><em>...!</em> For some reason, Celia felt a certain weight to it; Rio’s words deeply resonated in her chest. <em>I am unable to just sit back and watch as your dignity is trampled on for the rest of your life, Professor.</em> <em>Will you eventually become happy in this marriage? If you can tell me that you will, I will quietly leave this place.</em> <em>I’ll never appear before you again,</em> Rio said simply.</p>

      <p>If Celia had the resolution and confidence to assert that she would be happy, then Rio was just as ready and determined to back away. But if she faltered... Well, that was a different story. It was an overbearing and forceful approach, but Rio would have it his way.</p>

      <p><em>That’s...!</em> Celia was clearly faltering.</p>

      <p><em>You’re hesitating, Professor.</em> <em>That’s what it looks like to me,</em> Rio declared bluntly.</p>

      <p><em>B-But it may just be that my thinking process is wrong.</em> <em>I may cause so much trouble for other people if I prioritized my own feelings...</em> <em>Is that really the right thing to do?!</em> Celia said, desperately appealing for her own indecision. In a way, she was confessing her true thoughts about how she didn’t want this marriage to happen in a somewhat roundabout way.</p>

      <p>Rio showed the faintest hint of a smile and shook his head. <em>...I do not know.</em> <em>However, if this marriage really was the right thing to do, then you wouldn’t be making that face, Professor.</em></p>

      <p><em>Um...</em> Celia’s heart was struck deeply by his words, as her face distorted on the verge of tears.</p>

      <p><em>Professor, please tell me.</em> <em>I will grant your wish;</em> <em>even if it’s a forceful way of doing it, I have acquired enough power to see it through.</em> <em>So, please... don’t give up,</em> Rio said reassuringly.</p>

      <p><em>What’s... with that...</em> Even Celia couldn’t help but laugh bitterly, as though she was astounded by his words. <em>If I said I didn’t want to get married, what would you do?</em> she asked weakly.</p>

      <p><em>...I’d kidnap you and run away from here. I don’t know if the Count Claire house’s position will rise because of it, but at the very least, it won’t cause them to be pursued for responsibility. With the bride being kidnapped before the general public, the cancellation of the wedding would be inevitable. There would be no logical way to put that blame on the Count Claire family. If anything, the responsibility would fall on the shoulders of the security, which would result in Duke Arbor’s family receiving the brunt of the criticism,</em> Rio explained.</p>

      <p><em>You’ve already made this much of a mess of the situation...</em> <em>It seems you really do have the confidence to be able to pull something like that off,</em> Celia said, biting on her lower lip. She didn’t feel any doubt toward Rio’s statement about kidnapping her, but her expression showed faint hesitation. She must have felt guilt at the idea of abandoning her responsibilities to her family and the noble society after all.</p>

      <p>Rio seemed to see through those worries of hers. <em>Don’t you think you’ve already fulfilled the bare minimum of your original goal of marrying Charles, Professor? Of course, you’ll be isolating yourself from your family and the noble society if you leave this kingdom, but I will assist you as much as possible to reinstate your noble status and reunite you with your family, if you so wish,</em> he said. Even if Celia were to be kidnapped here, a certain level of social connection had already been formed between the two families, and though it wasn’t impossible, it would definitely be difficult for the Arbor family to abandon the Claire family at this point.</p>

      <p><em>Ahaha... to run away from here and then try to restore everything the way it was... isn’t that a little too hopeful? Or rather, too convenient for me, I wonder...</em> Celia laughed weakly without any confidence.</p>

      <p><em>No. If it’s you, Professor, it’s definitely possible.</em> <em>You’ll be able to put everything back where it should be,</em> Rio stated in a certain tone. It was dazzlingly straightforward, expressing his trust and clear expectations toward Celia.</p>

      <p>Celia was so happy she could cry; it was as though her gloomy heart had cleared up in an instant. She certainly felt like anything could be done in this very moment.</p>

      <p><em>...That’s all I had to say.</em> <em>It was a long-winded conversation, but in the end, your life is your own, Professor.</em> <em>Even if I choose to speak up against it, I won’t force you to do anything.</em> <em>So, please — you make the final decision.</em> <em>Although... those aren’t words I should be saying with a knife pointed at you.</em> Rio smiled faintly.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, Rio.</em> Celia said, her heart having already decided.</p>

      <p><em>Yes?</em> Rio replied, awaiting her answer.</p>

      <p><em>Take me away from here.</em> <em>All the way outside of the capital.</em></p>

      <p>With that, the caged bird was set free. Those words were, unmistakably, Celia’s true feelings.</p>

      <p><em>Leave it to me.</em> Rio nodded with determination, happiness flowing from the depths of his heart.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>