<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter41"><div class="main">

      <p>“...?! There you go again, saying things like that...” Celia blushed bright red and buried her face in Rio’s chest once more. Then, after a moment, she started hitting his chest to shake off her embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“It’s true. You’re just as youthful as you used to be, Professor... But you’ve become more beautiful.” Rio shook his head gently, speaking in a gentle tone.</p>

      <p>“Ugh... I-If you want to put it that way, then you’ve gotten more handsome, too. You’re stronger, and taller, and more manly, and accepting of others, and... umm...” Celia started to say as she looked up at Rio, intending on getting revenge for his words. However, she gradually grew more embarrassed and ended up blushing once more, until she breathed a weak groan.</p>

      <p>“Uugh...”</p>

      <p>Burying her face in Rio’s chest once more, she clutched at his clothes. With how close she was clinging, she could clearly hear the <em>thump, thump</em> of Rio’s heartbeat. It was warm, reassuring, and very comfortable. Celia wanted to stay like that forever.</p>

      <p>“Erm, thank you very much,” Rio said shyly. Then, after losing herself to Rio’s warmth, Celia returned to her senses with a gasp.</p>

      <p>“Ah, yeah. I-I really am glad we were able to safely reunite. Well done coming back, and let’s leave it at that!” she said in a high pitched voice, her body shaking.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Rio said happily, giving a firm nod. However, his expression soon fell. “...I heard the news, Professor. You’re getting married.”</p>

      <p>For an instant, Celia’s eyes wavered with sadness, before she soon crafted a fake smile with all her might and agreed. “Ah... yeah. That’s right.”</p>

      <p>Seeing Celia like that made Rio take another step forward. “I heard your husband is to be Charles Arbor.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You know about that, too?” Celia avoided Rio’s gaze timidly.</p>

      <p>“...I apologize for being so blunt, but is this a marriage that you desired, Professor?” Rio got straight to the point with an utterly serious expression.</p>

      <p>“Eh, no... Umm... Why so straightforward?” Celia gave a vague reply tinted with guilt and redirected a question back instead.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, I know that I’m being awfully hasty. However, knowing that there isn’t much time until your wedding, and that Charles Arbor is the husband, I simply couldn’t wait around and do nothing. I didn’t get here through the official procedures, either.”</p>

      <p>“...Huh? Umm, you couldn’t possibly have snuck in here, did you?” Celia asked in disbelief.</p>

      <p>“I did.”</p>

      <p>“This is currently the most heavily guarded area of the entire kingdom... If you really did sneak in, then that failure would reflect on all the knights and soldiers, and even the kingdom itself.”</p>

      <p>“There wasn’t a problem with the security. I simply found a loophole catered to my abilities — it’s not like just anyone could have walked in, so you don’t need to worry about that. Both locating you and finding a way to sneak in took quite a bit of effort. However, since we’re low on time right now, I’d prefer it if you could just give a summary of what happened...” Rio said, returning the straying conversation back on topic.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah, you’re right.” Celia nodded meekly. She must have still had her doubts, but she agreed with him nonetheless.</p>

      <p>“Back when I was still a student, I remember you poured all your passions into your research and held a rather negative opinion toward marriage. Of course, it didn’t seem like you were completely uninterested...” Rio recalled, bringing up the past in question.</p>

      <p>“...Is that so? That sure brings back memories.” Celia smiled somewhat sadly.</p>

      <p>“That doesn’t mean you couldn’t have changed your mind, of course. Many years have passed since I last saw you, so its definitely possible for you to have had a change of heart in that time. That’s why I know it may be pushy of me, but I’d like to know if this wedding was something you wanted from the bottom of your heart, so that I can give you my blessings, too,” Rio explained honestly.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha... I mean, I did agree to this wedding...” Celia gave a bitter laugh, but she chose to use the word “agreed” rather than “desired” — intentionally, perhaps.</p>

      <p>“Even if your husband-to-be is Charles Arbor?” Rio asked, observing Celia’s face closely.</p>

      <p>“...You have a connection to him too, huh.” Celia averted her gaze from Rio with guilt.</p>

      <p>Rio formed a hypothesis with the information he had gathered earlier. “Was your house in an unfavorable position? And then Duke Arbor’s family came along, forcefully demanding the proposal?”</p>

      <p>“...Mm, that’s... a rather unfairly subjective way of putting it. Because I am a noble myself, some ties to politics should be expected when it comes to my marriage. But I’m aware of all that, and I accept it. I’m already of the age, after all... I can’t keep thinking about my research forever.” Without showing any trace of her situation as a human sacrifice, Celia easily deflected the question in a light tone. To convince Rio further, she gave him a gentle smile.</p>

      <p>“...So you’re not going to devote yourself to your research anymore?”</p>

      <p>“Of course I’m going to keep at it. I’ll be quitting my position as a professor of the academy, but I’ve been allowed to continue my research at Sir Charles’ home. It’s a very favorable condition for me, don’t you think?” Celia said cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“But are you really okay with that man?” Rio asked bitterly, his expression not completely satisfied with her answer. At that, Celia smiled faintly.</p>

      <p>“You sure are bothered by that, aren’t you? To be honest... he isn’t my ideal husband. But I’m still a noblewoman — what’s best for me isn’t the only thing I can consider. I need to make a compromise somewhere,” she replied.</p>

      <p>“Professor...”</p>

      <p>“Besides, despite his demeanor, Sir Charles is a very kind gentleman toward the ladies, you know?” At those words, Rio felt an intense sense of opposition. However, Celia’s words of acceptance of Charles sounded convincing enough, which put a wedge between them; there was simply no room for Rio to insert his emotionally charged arguments.</p>

      <p>Despite that, Rio refused to drop the subject. “That is... Is that really what you feel, Professor? I still can’t accept it.”</p>

      <p>If Celia was truly fine with it and had really accepted it, then there would still remain a part of himself that stood in opposition. Was it because her husband was to be Charles Arbor? Rio wasn’t sure.</p>

      <p>“...Then, will you have me instead, Rio?” Celia suddenly asked.</p>

      <p>Taken aback by the question, Rio’s entire body flinched. “...?!”</p>

      <p>“Will... Will you be the one to take me away somewhere and live with me for the rest of our lives instead?” Celia asked, her expression somehow fleeting.</p>

      <p>“...If that’s what you truly desire, I will take you away from here, Professor,” Rio said, quiet but full of determination. At that, Celia’s eyes widened slightly.</p>

      <p>“...I’m just kidding. Sorry, forget what I said. Just hearing that reply was enough for me.” Celia shook her head with tears in her eyes. Experiencing Rio’s sincere feelings like that made her feel very happy.</p>

      <p><em>No.</em> <em>I must not drag Rio into this...</em> <em>Otherwise, he would...</em></p>

      <p>Ironically, Rio’s words just now had solidified Celia’s resolve even further, which was why she stifled the bitter pain in her chest and pasted on a smile of happiness instead.</p>

      <p>“Even if I threw away everything and left this kingdom right this minute, I wouldn’t be able to forget the family that I’d leave behind. Even if I went with you, I’d probably end up unmarried for the rest of my life...” she continued.</p>

      <p/>

      <p>“Professor, I...”</p>

      <p>“Listen, Rio. That’s enough. Go on your way, now.”</p>

      <p>“But there’s still time...”</p>

      <p>“No. I’m having a bath after this, so the helpers for that will be here soon.” Celia didn’t allow any form of rebuttal.</p>

      <p>“I have to prepare for the ceremony early tomorrow, after all. They’d normally come a little later, but they could arrive any moment, now. If someone appeared, I wouldn’t be able to cover for you. The entire engagement could even be canceled if I was found alone in my room with a man other than my fiance.”</p>

      <p>“...” Rio grit his teeth and clenched his fists in silence.</p>

      <p>“It... may be difficult for us to meet again, but if you feel up to it, and if it’s possible... Never mind, I’m sorry. I’m glad I was able to see you before the ceremony. It’s embarrassing, so make sure you don’t come to the ceremony, okay?” Celia’s expression darkened faintly as she spoke, but she put on a cheeky grin at the very last line.</p>

      <p>“...” Unable to find words that expressed his emotions, Rio remained frozen in place. Celia, in the meantime, pushed Rio around by the back.</p>

      <p>“Go on, get going. Or I’ll yell... got it?” She pushed him into the room outside of the studio.</p>

      <p>“I won’t ask how you got in, but you can’t be spotted on your way out, okay? Make sure you’re out of here within 20 seconds of me closing this door. If you’re still in the room, I really will scream, okay? Goodbye,” She said, closing the door without waiting for Rio’s reply. She felt as though she wouldn’t be able to catch her breath if she continued looking at Rio’s face any longer.</p>

      <p>After that, Celia carefully counted down the 20 seconds before fearfully opening the door to the studio once more. There was no sign of anyone in the room.</p>

      <p>“Has he left...? Wait. <em>Zona Revelare</em>.”</p>

      <p>Just to be sure, Celia used an ability to detect any reactions to magic essence nearby. A magic circle appeared by her feet, sending a wave of essence to search for any other magic sources in her room and the surrounding area.</p>

      <p>“There’s only the knights guarding the corridor... There’s no one outside the building.”</p>

      <p>Celia suddenly looked toward the window connected to the terrace. Finding the lock on the inside left completely unlocked, she deduced that Rio had probably entered from there. She immediately locked it once more, letting the sound of the lock clicking shut echo uselessly in the room.</p>

      <p>Tears started pouring from Celia’s eyes. “...Thank you, Rio. It really made me happy to see you one more time. So long...”</p>

      <p>She offered words of gratitude and a farewell to someone that was no longer present.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, after Rio left Celia’s room, he immediately met up with Aishia in her physical form and flew up into the night sky together.</p>

      <p>“Are you feeling conflicted, Haruto?” Aishia asked, seeing the sour expression on his face.</p>

      <p>“No, I don’t think I’m conflicted... Maybe. It’s more like I haven’t fully accepted it yet.”</p>

      <p>“Why?”</p>

      <p>“...Because I couldn’t see what she was truly feeling,” Rio mumbled in reply.</p>

      <p>“Then what do you want to do?” Aishia asked, inquiring about his true intentions.</p>

      <p>“We’ll go watch the ceremony tomorrow. But first, I want to know more details about how the marriage between the Count Claire house and Duke Arbor’s house came to be.”</p>

      <p>Because it didn’t seem like he’d be able to talk to Celia properly without knowing that.</p>

      <p>“I’ll help,” Aishia offered without any hesitation.</p>

      <p>“...Sorry.” Rio apologized shamefully.</p>

      <p>“Why are you apologizing?”</p>

      <p>“Because I’m making you go along with my every whim.”</p>

      <p>“I told you before — Haruto and I will always be together. As long as you need me, I will always be here for you to lean on. So... lean on me,” Aishia said, hugging Rio gently midair.</p>

      <p>“...Thanks. I don’t want to impede our information search by causing a fuss, so we’ll proceed carefully. It might be a bit of a long night, but will you come with me?”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me. Let’s go.” Aishia nodded, taking Rio by the hand.</p>

      <p>Their night had only just begun.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>