<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: The Cerulean Lady</h1>

      <p>That night, in a room of the guest building inside the Beltrum royal castle premises, the noble daughter of the Galarc Kingdom’s great lord Duke Cretia, Liselotte, was eating her dinner alone.</p>

      <p>“The business talk that was planned has been placed on hold, so it looks like our return to Amande will be delayed,” Liselotte muttered listlessly.</p>

      <p>She had been invited to Celia’s wedding as a noble and great merchant of the Kingdom of Galarc, but with the ceremony suspended, she had been forced to stay in the guest house until now. Because the Kingdom of Beltrum was in an uproar over Celia’s kidnapping, she had been forbidden to step outside under the name of protection.</p>

      <p>“We’ll be able to leave the guest house in a few days, but with the situation being what it is, please forget your work and allow yourself some time to relax,” Aria, the attendant standing next to Liselotte, said.</p>

      <p>“You say that, but there isn’t really anything to do. The current collapse of the Arbor house is fairly interesting to the Galarc Kingdom... Or rather, something to be thankful for. You think the same, no?” Liselotte said with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“It is indeed exhilarating to witness. Although, I <em>am</em> concerned for Celia.” Even the usually emotionless Aria showed some conflict in her tone.</p>

      <p>“...Who do you think the culprit is?” Liselotte suddenly asked.</p>

      <p>“Considering the options, I believe it is very likely to be one of the opposing forces to Duke Arbor’s faction.”</p>

      <p>“If that’s the case, then I don’t think she’ll be treated badly, since there’s still value in using her... But the number of people who could make such a mess is fairly limited, no? Would you be able to pull something like this off?”</p>

      <p>“It may be possible for me if I had a powerful magic sword imbued with physical ability enhancement like an ancient artifact... But honestly, it would be a struggle. There would be a high chance of failure,” Aria explained.</p>

      <p>“Even someone as skilled as you would hesitate at the risk?”</p>

      <p>“If I were to plan an ambush, it should be easy to gain the advantage and reach the carriage. The problem is how to take Celia and run away successfully. It would be one thing if the opponent only had ground units, but when the pursuers can cover the skies, it gets quite troublesome,” Aria said, giving an orderly answer to the question.</p>

      <p>“I see.” Liselotte nodded, sighing in thought.</p>

      <p><em>All of the kingdoms have been acting so shady lately.</em> <em>I don’t know if its related to the incident this time, but the Proxia Empire in particular cannot be ignored.</em> <em>It feels like they’re planning something big.</em> While Liselotte wondered such things, Aria stood silently beside her, waiting for her master to speak up.</p>

      <p>“Well, like you said... let’s enjoy this short break and relax. Tell those who accompanied us here that they should rest once in a while, too. Things will get busy once we get back to Amande,” Liselotte said, giving a small shrug of her shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Understood.” Aria nodded respectfully.</p>

      <p><em>The Galarc Kingdom will have to work harder.</em> <em>The hero that was summoned in the castle, Satsuki Sumeragi, is going to be announced soon, too,</em> Liselotte thought as she took another sip of her slightly cooled soup.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>