<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude11"><div class="main">

      <p>“...You seem to be the same species as us humans, so perhaps there isn’t that much difference in our ecosystems?” Liselotte asked, watching Hiroaki’s expression carefully.</p>

      <p>“So it seems. That being said, there are plants and animals I don’t know.”</p>

      <p>“How fascinating. What kind of place was the world you lived in, hero?” Liselotte asked.</p>

      <p>“Well, civilization was a lot more advanced than this world, that’s for sure. The country I’m from is called ‘Japan,’ a relatively advanced country even for my world.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte’s eyes narrowed in the faintest at the mention of that name. “Japan, you say? I have one question about that...”</p>

      <p>“Hm? What?”</p>

      <p>“Why can you understand our language, hero?”</p>

      <p>“...Hm? What do you mean?” Hiroaki tilted his head at Liselotte’s question.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s just that I find it strange how the language of another world can be used in this world without any alterations,” Liselotte said, supplementing her question.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see. That’s true...”</p>

      <p>This time, Flora was the one to incline her head in confusion. “Umm, what do you mean? Is he not actually communicating in our language?”</p>

      <p>“There are a number of theories about the origin of our language, but it is practically impossible for the same language to develop in completely different places. While the common tongue is used widely in the Strahl region nowadays, each area still has its own unique language, not to mention that the hero came from an entirely different world...” Liselotte explained.</p>

      <p><em>Perhaps translation sorcery was cast on him when he was summoned into this world as a hero.</em> <em>I’ve never heard of sorcery like that before, but that’s the only explanation... I’ll have to look into it more when I have a chance.</em> <em>For now, he doesn’t seem to find it strange that several of the Ricca Guild products have Earth names...</em></p>

      <p>“I see... So that’s how it is,” Flora said, understanding in awe.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s not a problem that can be solved simply by dwelling over it. I just found it a little strange, is all. Forgive me for asking such an odd question.” Pressing the issue any further would have been rude and held the possibility of arousing suspicions, so Liselotte chose to back down easily without further pursuing the answer.</p>

      <p>“No, I found it strange, too. Though I assumed it was a part of the whole other-world summoning cliché, so I didn’t worry about it at first.” Hiroaki shook his head, unbothered.</p>

      <p>“A ‘cliché’...?”</p>

      <p>“Ah... Other world journeys are really common in the popular novels I often read. When certain parts of those stories get overused, they’re called ‘tropes’ or ‘clichés.’”</p>

      <p>“Is that right? So the hero is educated in both literature and cuisine.” Liselotte placed a hand over her mouth as she smiled elegantly. The gesture would have seemed forced on some people, but it looked more than appropriate for a well-bred girl like her, making her seem very cute.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no, not really. But I do believe I’ve read enough of everything to develop an eye for fine quality. I also have a view on all works of art, not only novels.” Hiroaki said in a not at all displeased manner, gloating rather bashfully.</p>

      <p>After that, Liselotte continued to cleverly flatter Hiroaki, sometimes directing the conversation to Flora and the others, making the after-meal discussions pleasant. Liselotte was a skilled conversationalist, drawing topic after topic from Hiroaki. They spent nearly an hour like that, until the lone female attendant in the room filled their cups of tea for a third time.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, would you look at the time. Talking to the hero was so fun, I was lost in our conversation together,” Liselotte said regretfully, looking at the clock in the room.</p>

      <p>Still wanting to talk more, Hiroaki’s face fell. “Ah, is that so? I wanted to talk with Liselotte for a little longer, though...”</p>

      <p>“Fufu, thank you very much. However, I heard from Duke Huguenot that there was a matter to be discussed, so we must address that as well.” Liselotte bowed her head apologetically to Hiroaki, before turning to bow to Duke Huguenot too. “Please accept my apologies, Duke Huguenot. I was too immersed in the conversation.”</p>

      <p>“No, no, you were merely fulfilling your duty as a hostess and enlivening the atmosphere. Lord Hiroaki and Princess Flora seem to be satisfied, and I was able to hear many interesting stories as well. There is nothing for you to apologize for.” Duke Huguenot smiled brightly and shook his head.</p>

      <p>His words were not just flattery; no matter how much of a noble education and upbringing one received, entertaining heroes and foreign royalty would normally be too great a burden for a young noble. However, Liselotte played the role of an entertainer perfectly.</p>

      <p>“I am delighted to hear you think so. Thank you very much,” Liselotte said with respectful gratitude. Duke Huguenot was astonished by her masterful conduct.</p>

      <p><em>It is amazing that she’s the same age as Princess Flora.</em> <em>She’s as talented as the rumors say... no, she’s even more talented than the rumors.</em> <em>Roanna — who is a year older — is also quite talented, but she would be at a disadvantage when compared to Liselotte,</em> Huguenot thought to himself, glancing at Roanna, who sat with them as Hiroaki’s assistant.</p>

      <p>“Regarding the matter to be discussed... Shameless as it may be, we have a request to make of you.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte’s eyes widened in a great deal of surprise. “Oh, is that so? What kind of request might that be?”</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot cut to the chase. “We would like to make a request for your support,” he requested brazenly.</p>

      <p>The ability to offer opinions and make requests without cowardice during negotiations was an essential skill for a noble. Being quick to back down because of the mood didn’t always lead to the desired results, and lowering one’s guard carelessly risked being dragged into the opponent’s pace. In a nutshell: being brazen was a noble’s forte.</p>

      <p>“Do you mean support for the faction that you’re holding in Marquess Rodan’s territory, Duke Huguenot?” Liselotte asked, showing no particular change of expression. She had nothing to fear, being someone of her position who had faced numerous sly nobles and merchants many times before.</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s right. ...I’d like to take this opportunity to drop all pretenses. Liselotte, how much of our kingdom’s situation are you aware of?” Duke Huguenot asked suddenly, getting to the heart of the matter.</p>

      <p>“...If I were to limit my knowledge to confirmed information, then I know the Beltrum army was crushed by the Proxia Empire several months ago. Several strategically located bases and territories were occupied, leading to the reemergence of Duke Arbor’s house after their fall nine years ago. After that, when Duke Arbor pressed His Majesty and Duke Huguenot for responsibility of the defeat, he managed to skillfully seize political power. It was so skillful, it was as though he had arranged everything in advance,” Liselotte explained, speaking eloquently about the facts she had gathered from her information network.</p>

      <p>“I see. Considering how much of our country’s situation you have a grasp of, including the unconfirmed information, that is quite impressive indeed.” Duke Huguenot chuckled faintly. Flora and Roanna were both gazing in awe, surprised at how well Liselotte understood their kingdom’s domestic affairs.</p>

      <p>“I am merely a minor noble and merchant,” Liselotte said humbly with a cool smile.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, it makes things much easier if you are that aware of the situation. You’re an intelligent individual... I’m sure you’ve already realized the meaning behind why Princess Flora is here with me, no?”</p>

      <p>“...That you are backing Princess Flora in order to oppose Duke Arbor, I suppose?”</p>

      <p>To put it another way, King Philip III of the Kingdom of Beltrum had entrusted Flora to Duke Huguenot — but Liselotte purposefully chose not to express it like that.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. You may be aware already, but we are secretly in the middle of negotiations with the Kingdom of Galarc for its support,” Duke Huguenot confirmed.</p>

      <p>“...There’s one thing I’d like to ask you. Would I be correct in assuming that the hero’s presence here means he has also sided with your faction, Duke Huguenot?” Liselotte looked at Hiroaki in question.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that’s right. Geez... I just wanted to quietly live my life without drawing attention to myself, but apparently the situation surrounding me won’t let me do that,” Hiroaki agreed tiredly and shrugged his shoulders.</p>

      <p><em>I guess it’s certain that he’s the strongly self-asserted type, then? Duke Huguenot must have stirred his true nature well to get him to join.</em> There was still a need to observe his personality further, Liselotte analyzed calmly in her head as she smiled.</p>

      <p>“I believe our negotiations with the Kingdom of Galarc will conclude in the near future, making us formally allied. At that time, we would like to request your support,” Duke Huguenot stated.</p>

      <p>“I am but one young girl. Wouldn’t it be better to seek my father’s cooperation if you wish for political or military assistance?” Liselotte said, avoiding an answer. In reality, she was only the daughter of a duke, so she had no real political or military power outside of her position as Amande’s governor.</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot shook his head bluntly. “No, what we seek is financial support.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?” Liselotte asked, her eyes fixed on him.</p>

      <p>“As you are the president of the Ricca Guild, I am requesting this of you. Would you be willing to invest your company’s valuable resources — funds, goods, and connections — for our sake? You can call this a business negotiation. Of course, you will be duly rewarded,” Duke Huguenot stressed the vital point.</p>

      <p>The Ricca Guild was an extremely young organization established by Liselotte, but it was already a high-class trading guild famous in neighboring kingdoms. It continuously produced products that captured not only the hearts of nobles, but commoners too, making its financial influence reach far beyond that of a small kingdom. Such a large trading firm was built up in a single generation, by the still-fifteen-year-old Liselotte.</p>

      <p>Consequently, Duke Huguenot was certain that having Liselotte and the Ricca Guild as their allies would be even more beneficial than having the support of the Galarc Kingdom.</p>

      <p>“...I understand. In that case, as long as you agree to several of my conditions, I will agree to providing you support,” Liselotte replied after a pause.</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot’s eyes widened faintly. “...That was a rather quick decision. I honestly expected more resistance.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? The Ricca Guild isn’t a charity, after all. If it’s a business negotiation with a return for us, then I am willing to invest in it. Please look at these first.” Liselotte smiled cutely, then took out several documents; the female attendant waiting beside her immediately carried them to Duke Huguenot.</p>

      <p>“...Oh?” Duke Huguenot ran his eyes over the documents swiftly, before breathing an impressed hum. The document contained the clearly written conditions of the Ricca Guild’s support for the Huguenot faction.</p>

      <p><em>So she saw through our intentions from the start. What truly wonderful talent,</em> Duke Huguenot thought, astonished.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. So all that’s left is for us to accept these conditions... Could you allow us some time to carefully consider this?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. We can reach a conclusion once you’ve done that. You’re welcome to stay in my estate until you have reached a decision you are satisfied with.”</p>

      <p>“That would be greatly appreciated. Then I shall explain the overview of this to Princess Flora and Sir Hiroaki immediately.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, a separate room will be prepared for you. Aria?” Liselotte said, addressing the sole attendant in the room.</p>

      <p>“Understood. Everyone, please follow me this way.” Aria promptly opened the door of the dining hall and invited Duke Huguenot and the others to step out. Then, after entrusting the party to another attendant waiting outside the room, Aria spoke up again. “She will be the one to guide you there. Please let her know if you need anything.”</p>

      <p>Just before he left the room, Duke Huguenot stared at Aria’s face. “...Excuse me for asking, but have we met somewhere before?” he asked curiously.</p>

      <p>“...No, I don’t believe so.” Aria shook her head slowly.</p>

      <p>“I see. My apologies. Liselotte, I shall see you later. Please excuse us for now,” Duke Huguenot said, seemingly unbothered as he quickly left the room.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Hiroaki’s eyes were drawn to Aria’s well-proportioned face, but he was urged out of the room by Flora and Roanna behind him.</p>

      <p>Thus, once Liselotte and Aria were the only ones left in the dining hall, Liselotte spoke up. “Duke Huguenot seemed to recognize your face. Are you sure you didn’t meet him while you were working in the Beltrum royal castle?” she suddenly asked.</p>

      <p>“No, I never actually met him.” Aria shook her head disinterestedly. Liselotte didn’t seem too interested either, as she soon changed the subject.</p>

      <p>“I see. Well, that’s fine. More importantly, can I ask how the hero looked to you?”</p>

      <p>“...He gave the impression of someone who dislikes being restricted, and he strongly desires to stand out, despite what he was saying. If that wasn’t an act, then I believe he’s simply a young man who craves the limelight after obtaining undeserving power so suddenly.”</p>

      <p>“Harsh. But accurate,” Liselotte agreed with a wry smile. If he really didn’t want to stand out, then he didn’t have to be the hero. The fact he was sticking his neck into the kingdom’s affairs was proof of that contradiction. Otherwise, there had to be a reason why he had to act as the hero.</p>

      <p><em>He may be easy to handle now, but those types of people are more bothersome to handle when aggravated.</em> Duke Huguenot was probably aware of that, thought Liselotte.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>