<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: To Amande Once More</h1>

      <p>The next afternoon, Rio departed from the rock house placed in the outskirts of the Galarc Kingdom to visit Amande. Miharu accompanied him, and Aishia was in her spirit form.</p>

      <p>They were finally going to Liselotte’s mansion.</p>

      <p>The two of them went to the gate at the northern area of the city and went through all the designated processes before going to the mansion.</p>

      <p>“Are you nervous, Miharu?” Rio asked the stiff-faced girl as they walked.</p>

      <p>“Yes, a little. This will be my first time meeting a noble...” Miharu nodded awkwardly. She had already met a noble daughter when it came to Celia, but it appeared she had forgotten that fact.</p>

      <p>“Cecilia’s a noble too. Or does she not appear that way?” Rio informed her, using the alias that was decided. He was trying to ease Miharu’s nerves and had a teasing smile on his face.</p>

      <p>“...Ah, umm, in Cecilia’s case, I heard in advance that she was close to you, so she didn’t seem that way, or something... Of course, I think she’s beautiful and intelligent, just like a princess, you know?” Miharu gasped and excused herself in a fluster. In reality, from Miharu’s point of view, Celia was wonderful and had quite a presence to behold.</p>

      <p>“She would be delighted to hear that. If you’re not nervous interacting with Cecilia, then you should be fine with Liselotte too, so don’t be so tense,” Rio said, smiling naturally.</p>

      <p>“Okay,” Miharu nodded, peeking at Rio’s side profile.</p>

      <p><em>Thank goodness I can still speak normally even when I’m alone with Haruto.</em> She sighed in relief.</p>

      <p>It may have been Miharu’s imagination, but she was a little worried that recently it felt like her relationship with Rio had been a little awkward. In particular, after Rio had returned to the village to inform them of Satsuki’s whereabouts, and Miharu had tried to ask Rio about his previous life...</p>

      <p>There were most likely two causes: the first was that Miharu herself was strongly convinced that Haruto — that Rio — was Amakawa Haruto. This one was for certain.</p>

      <p>Then, as for the other... For some reason, ever since Rio had returned to the village, it felt like he had been distancing himself somewhat. Of course, he wouldn’t do that in an obvious way and acted normal when they were with everyone else, but Miharu could feel a distance that was hard to put to words. It was different to being pushed away, more like being avoided...</p>

      <p>It made Miharu feel sad. That’s why she was a little anxious about today — she’d be in a situation with just the two of them. While part of her nerves was because of meeting Liselotte, the majority of it was because she had to be alone with Rio.</p>

      <p>That being said, Aishia was with them too in her spirit form, so they technically weren’t alone. On top of that, Miharu herself knew that her thoughts should be focused on other things right now, so she kept her doubts hidden in her heart.</p>

      <p><em>That’s right — today I’m here on behalf of Aki and Masato. This was my own selfish request,</em> Miharu thought, refocusing her mind.</p>

      <p>“For now, I’ll do all the talking, so you can just focus on listening to Liselotte and I converse. It’s enough if you just reply whenever Liselotte or I address you directly. A topic to be careful about would be if Liselotte brings up products appropriated from Earth knowledge.” Rio must have thought Miharu’s expression was of discomfort, as he spoke to her gently.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay. I’ll do my best, just like we discussed before,” Miharu said with firm determination.</p>

      <p>Liselotte Cretia. The fact she was appropriating knowledge from Earth to develop products in this world was basically an undeniable fact to Rio and the visitors from Earth. Consequently, they had deeply considered all the possible reactions Liselotte might show if Miharu, a Japanese person, showed up.</p>

      <p>“You’ll be fine, Miharu. Aishia’s here in her spirit form too.”</p>

      <p>“...Yeah. Please take care of me, Ai-chan,” Miharu giggled.</p>

      <p>“I’m counting on you if the worst happens, Aishia,” Rio said. That being said, the actual chance of ‘the worst’ happening was very low. It was nothing more than Rio’s presumption, but having interacted with Liselotte several times now and seeing her interact with the hero Sakata Hiroaki in a normal manner, he was sure her attitude wouldn’t suddenly change.</p>

      <p><em>Got it,</em> Aishia replied curtly.</p>

      <p>“You see?” Rio said with a smile on his lips.</p>

      <p>“Fufu, even if I can’t see her, I can easily picture Ai-chan’s face right now.” Miharu also laughed in amusement. For the record, Aishia was currently within Rio’s body in her spirit form, but was able to telepathically communicate with Miharu when she was at an extremely close distance, thanks to their previous temporary contract. With Rio present, it meant the three of them could communicate with their minds.</p>

      <p>Then, as the three of them continued to chat casually, they arrived at the gate before Liselotte’s mansion. Rio stopped around ten meters before the gate.</p>

      <p>“This is Liselotte’s estate,” he said while looking at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s huge. I was thinking that while we were walking too.” Miharu stared at the outside of the mansion intently. The estate was enclosed in walls, but even without the walls it would have been impossible to see the entire grounds from their position. That was how large Liselotte’s estate was.</p>

      <p>“She’s the daughter of a grand lord, and the president of a large merchant’s guild too. Considering how Amande wasn’t a large city to begin with, this would actually be a smaller property,” Rio explained to Miharu. Amande was still under development and continuously expanding, so if there was more spare land to begin with, the estate would have been much larger.</p>

      <p>The two of them discussed such things by the gate when one of the gatekeepers approached them.</p>

      <p>“Greetings. Do you have business with the mansion?” the male gatekeeper asked. Rio and Miharu weren’t hiding their bodies and faces with coats and hoods, so while their outfits were tidy, they clearly weren’t nobles and could have appeared to be suspicious. Miharu’s hair color was also altered with an artifact.</p>

      <p>“My name is Haruto. I’ve come to request an audience with Lady Liselotte. If she is busy at the moment, then a future appointment would also suffice,” Rio stated respectfully.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto... My apologies for not recognizing you. You are the same swordsman who saved my master when she was being attacked by monsters, correct?”</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t say I saved her outright, but...” Rio replied modestly with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“Then this girl... Are you Sir Haruto’s companion, if I may ask?” The gatekeeper looked at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Her name is Miharu Ayase.”</p>

      <p>Rio gave Miharu’s full name, which made the gatekeeper think she was a noble from her last name. He widened his eyes and invited the two of them through the mansion gates. “...Understood. Then I shall first lead you to my master’s attendants, so please come this way. Hey, it’s Sir Haruto. Send a message to the mansion,” he said to the other soldiers at the gate. One of the soldiers ran towards the mansion to inform them of the situation first.</p>

      <p>Rio and Miharu were then led through the gate and onto the estate. The garden of the estate was large and spacious, capturing Miharu’s gaze wherever she looked.</p>

      <p>Then, once they reached the building, the front door opened to the attendants welcoming them. Cosette, Natalie, and Chloe appeared.</p>

      <p>“Why, Sir Haruto, welcome to the estate.” Cosette took the lead to offer words of welcome, respectfully bowing her head. Natalie and Chloe did the same.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, everyone,” Rio replied to Cosette in a friendly manner. At that, Cosette raised her head and spotted Miharu for the first time, giving her a curious look. She didn’t voice any thoughts out loud.</p>

      <p>“Yes, it’s a pleasure to be seeing you again. I’ve heard the situation. Please, come inside,” Cosette said brightly, inviting Rio and Miharu into the mansion.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.” Rio bowed and followed Cosette’s lead inside.</p>

      <p>“E-Excuse me,” Miharu also bowed awkwardly, following after Rio with timid steps.</p>

      <p>“We’ll take over from here. Thank you,” Natalie said to the gatekeeper soldier upon their departure. The soldier promptly excused himself and returned to the mansion gate.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry for dropping by so suddenly, but I was hoping to at least secure an agreement for a future meeting,” Rio said to Natalie as they walked through the mansion.</p>

      <p>Natalie shook her head. “No, you are our master’s savior, so we’ve been ordered to always welcome you with priority upon your visit. You may need to wait for a short while, but you should be able to meet her today, so allow us to lead you to the drawing room,” she replied warmly.</p>

      <p>“...I am honored to hear that.” Rio smiled in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“This is the drawing room. Please, go on in.” Once Cosette had led them to the drawing room, she quietly opened the door and prompted them inside.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me.” Rio allowed himself to be guided inside and sat on a chair. Miharu nervously sat beside him. Afterwards, tea was promptly brought out.</p>

      <p>“Now, please wait a moment until my master arrives. We will be waiting outside the room, so please call for us if you need anything.” The attendants retreated from the room respectfully.</p>

      <p>Once Miharu was alone with Rio, she took a deep breath to calm herself. “...I-I’m feeling really nervous all of a sudden.”</p>

      <p>“It’ll be okay — I’m sure she’ll agree to you accompanying us. Just leave it to me,” Rio assured her readily, but it wasn’t an empty promise by any means. Even if Liselotte were to refuse, he had brought a means of negotiation along.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. Even though this was my own selfish request, everything’s left to you again...” Miharu felt ashamed of her own worthlessness and apologized.</p>

      <p>“I’m doing it because I want to. Don’t let it bother you,” Rio encouraged Miharu with a smile. At that moment, a knock came from the door. Rio and Miharu looked towards the door, which opened a few moments later.</p>

      <p>“Sorry to keep you waiting, Sir Haruto.” The one who entered was the master of the estate, Liselotte. Behind her was her head attendant, Aria.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, Liselotte.” Rio immediately stood up and placed his right hand on his chest respectfully as he greeted her.</p>

      <p>“N-Nice to meet you. Thank you for having me here.” Miharu also stood up promptly and bowed her head somewhat uncomfortably.</p>

      <p>“...Miharu Ayase, was it? My servant informed me of your name. It’s nice to meet you. I am Liselotte Cretia, the governor of the city of Amande.” Liselotte glanced at Miharu and burned her appearance into her memory before introducing herself with a sociable smile.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes. It’s an honor to be in your presence,” Miharu replied, gulping nervously.</p>

      <p>“It seems like you have something to discuss today, so why don’t we all take a seat.” Liselotte invited them to take their seats with receptive ease.</p>

      <p>Once Rio sat down, he immediately launched into their discussion. “I’m here to discuss what I mentioned before — the reason why I requested to attend the night banquet. It’s something that involves Miharu, so she came along for this.”</p>

      <p>“If you would care to elaborate?” Liselotte calmly prompted him to continue, her expression remaining the same.</p>

      <p>“Miharu is a friend of Satsuki Sumeragi, the hero that was summoned in Galarc Kingdom. With this much information, I’m sure you can infer the rest.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte closed her eyes for a moment. “...Aria, please step outside for a moment. Wait outside the door and make sure no one comes in.”</p>

      <p>“...Understood.” Aria nodded respectfully, departing from the room as ordered.</p>

      <p>“I apologize for that. The truth is, the hero... Sir Sakata and Princess Flora are still here at the mansion, so it’s possible they may come here. I took the necessary means to prevent them from interrupting our conversation.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” Rio bowed his head with a faint smile. Sakata Hiroaki was certainly likely to barge into a room without any consideration, which would be undesirable indeed.</p>

      <p>“...Actually, from the moment I saw Miharu’s face, I had the impression her facial structure wasn’t one that I’ve seen within the neighboring kingdoms. However, that is not enough to prove that Miharu is from the same world as the hero. Sir Haruto’s testimony makes me lean towards the believing side, but if you don’t mind, may I speak to Miharu myself a little? I should be able to ascertain whether Miharu and the hero are from the same world.” Liselotte took a short but deep breath and stared straight at Miharu as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm...” Miharu looked at Rio beside her and sought permission with her gaze. Rio nodded his approval at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I don’t mind,” said Miharu.</p>

      <p>“<em>Once again, it’s nice to meet you, Miharu. My name is Liselotte Cretia. I was a Japanese person in my past life. Can you understand what I’m saying?</em>” Liselotte suddenly started speaking in Japanese. Her pronunciation was a little awkward, but it was definitely Japanese.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Miharu was taken aback with intense shock. She had never imagined that Liselotte would suddenly start speaking Japanese — and neither did Rio.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>