<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Suddenly, Miharu appeared in the living room, and approached Rio nervously. Despite having noticed Miharu’s approach, Rio continued to pet Latifa silently.</p>

      <p>Miharu found her resolve and called out to Rio. “Umm, Haruto, do you have a moment?”</p>

      <p>“...Yes, of course.” Rio smiled a little fleetingly and slowly nodded his head.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Rio shifted the sleeping Latifa to rest on the sofa before following Miharu outside the house, at her request to be alone.</p>

      <p>Rio stopped a slight distance away from Miharu and spoke up first. “What did you want to talk about?”</p>

      <p>“...Umm, I wanted to know what you were thinking about all this,” Miharu began hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“What I think?” Rio’s eyes widened slightly as he cocked his head to the side.</p>

      <p>“Yes. What do <em>you</em> think we should be doing about this? I want to hear your opinion,” Miharu explained, clinging to Rio’s response.</p>

      <p>“...Let’s see. I would attend the banquet alone and make contact with Satsuki. After hearing what Satsuki herself wants to do about all this, I’ll explore long-term solutions for what to do. Then, at possibly the same time, I’ll temporarily sneak Satsuki out of the castle and bring her to you guys, perhaps. Of course, I’ll have to have you three wait somewhere near the castle.” Rio offered what he considered to be the safest option.</p>

      <p>“...That means you think we should meet Satsuki, right?” Miharu confirmed slowly.</p>

      <p>“Yes. You would want to confirm each other’s safety with your own eyes first, right?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Miharu nodded firmly in response.</p>

      <p>“That would be the purpose of temporarily sneaking her out for a secret meeting. There’d be a fairly high risk in that alone, so it’s not an option that could be repeated often, but for a one time event there should be plenty of ways to make it happen,” Rio explained.</p>

      <p>“If we wanted to keep seeing her we’d have to head to the castle ourselves, is what you mean?”</p>

      <p>“If Satsuki is in a position where she can’t walk outside freely, that may be the only choice. Even if she could go out, someone would be keeping an eye on her friendships, so your existence would be revealed to the kingdom for sure,” Rio agreed with Miharu’s question with a contemplative look. What was more important was whether Miharu actually wanted to meet with Satsuki regardless of that.</p>

      <p>“Then if — if the kingdom finds out about us, can we still remain with you even in that situation?” Miharu asked with an extremely worried face.</p>

      <p>Rio hesitated slightly for a moment, before averting his eyes from the guilty-looking Miharu and answering. “I... wonder. If your existence were a weak point for Satsuki, I believe the kingdom would try to secure you and the siblings. Of course, that would depend on how much influence Satsuki has over the kingdom...”</p>

      <p>There was a need to investigate in advance how the kingdom would treat Miharu, Aki, and Masato if they found out about them. Rio figured he’d be able to find out some of the specifics by contacting Satsuki on the night of the banquet. However, ultimately there was no way of knowing exactly what would happen until the moment unfurled.</p>

      <p>At the very least, Rio currently had Liselotte of the Galarc Kingdom as a connection, which meant that relying on her assistance could be another option.</p>

      <p>“Oh, right,” Miharu nodded, her shoulders slumping in disappointment.</p>

      <p>“...However, if the three of you plan on returning to Japan one day, it would be ideal if you were to meet up with Takahisa as well. There’s no need to rush, but there’s no need to hold back from seeking assistance either, so please discuss it with Aki and Masato. Like I said earlier, you guys should be the ones to make the decision,” Rio said and smiled rather awkwardly.</p>

      <p><em>Us... returning to Japan...</em></p>

      <p>It was why the three were being protected by Rio. It was what they had discussed when they’d first arrived in this world and spoken to Rio.</p>

      <p>However, the moment Miharu heard those words from Rio’s mouth once more, an indescribable sense of anxiety and panic rose within her, making her shrink in on herself. If Haruto was in fact the Haruto she’d once known, then would he have advised that they return to Japan? The thought overwhelmed her.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm!” Before she knew it, Miharu’s mouth was moving.</p>

      <p>“Yes?” Seeing the normally docile Miharu suddenly raise her voice in a rough manner made Rio’s eyes round in response.</p>

      <p>“Do you — do you ever think about returning to Japan yourself, Haruto?” Miharu asked, looking extremely frustrated. She had avoided touching upon this delicate topic until now, but she simply had to know.</p>

      <p>Rio hesitated for a moment before answering with a small sigh. “...That would be impossible.” He did not clearly specify whether he wanted to return or not.</p>

      <p>“Why is that?” Miharu asked in a daze.</p>

      <p>“Even if I were to return, the person I was in my previous life is already dead. If I were to return to Japan now, I would have no place to go. I wouldn’t even be on any kind of official record, you know?” Hints of a self-deprecating smile could be seen on Rio’s face as he answered with much difficulty.</p>

      <p>“...But, don’t you have... I don’t know, regrets, or things you wished you had done?” Miharu asked. It was an intrusive question that was rare coming from her.</p>

      <p>“...I wonder,” Rio replied, avoiding answering.</p>

      <p>“Then, the Haruto of your previous life is...” Miharu tried to ask something, stumbling over her words, but Latifa’s voice suddenly echoed.</p>

      <p>“Onii-chan?”</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Latifa?” Rio said, looking in the direction the voice came from. At some point, the door to the house had opened, revealing Latifa standing there.</p>

      <p>“Oh, it’s just that Onii-chan wasn’t there when I woke up, so...” Latifa said hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“I see. Sorry, I was talking with Miharu,” Rio informed her, a gentle smile pasted on his face.</p>

      <p>Latifa shook her head and approached Rio. “It’s okay. Are you done talking?”</p>

      <p>“...Are we?” Rio asked Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm... Yes.” Miharu looked like she wanted to say something, but agreed indecisively instead.</p>

      <p>“Then, I’m going for a short walk. I’d like to greet our neighbors now that I’ve returned, too. Orphia and the others seem to be making lunch, so I’ll be back soon. What would you like to do, Latifa?” Rio asked Latifa, distancing himself from Miharu.</p>

      <p>Latifa paused for a moment, but slowly shook her head in the end. “...I’ll pass, it’s fine.”</p>

      <p>“I see... Then I’ll be right back. Thanks, Latifa,” Rio said as he departed, patting Latifa on the shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Yup, see you soon.” Latifa trembled with a flinch, nodding awkwardly as she saw Rio off.</p>

      <p><em>So he noticed after all...</em></p>

      <p>Latifa had been listening to Rio and Miharu’s conversation from the doorway from the middle of their talk — the reason why he thanked her was because of that. Latifa herself hadn’t even realized she’d timed her interruption as such, and felt an indescribable discomfort over that.</p>

      <p>“...See you later, Haruto.” Miharu still looked like she wanted to say something, but swallowed her words as she saw Rio off.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After Rio left, Latifa and Miharu were left alone by the doorway.</p>

      <p>Miharu suddenly opened her mouth. “...Say, Latifa.”</p>

      <p>“Hm? Yeah?” Latifa replied awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Umm, do you...” While Miharu had been the one to start talking, she seemed extremely unsure of her words. Her inner conflict was quite visible. “Latifa, how much do you know about Haruto?” she asked fearfully.</p>

      <p>At present, the only ones who knew that Rio had memories of a previous life were the council of elders and Dryas herself. Sara, Orphia, Alma, and Latifa had been showing Miharu around, so they weren’t present and didn’t know. Rio told Miharu that himself, so Miharu had avoided talking about Rio’s previous life in front of the spirit folk girls until now.</p>

      <p>However...</p>

      <p>Miharu had a suspicion that Rio’s adopted sister might know about his past life.</p>

      <p>“...What do you mean, how much?” Latifa asked hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“I was just wondering if you knew why he uses the alias ‘Haruto,’ or something like that, maybe.” Miharu avoided Latifa’s eyes and spoke falteringly.</p>

      <p>Latifa paused for a long moment before cutting to the point that Miharu had been trying to describe long-windedly. “...Are you perhaps asking about Onii-chan’s previous life?”</p>

      <p>“S-So you do know about it after all.” Miharu’s expression suddenly changed, and she bit her lip.</p>

      <p>“Yup, Onii-chan told me as proof of our sibling bond,” Latifa nodded.</p>

      <p>“Then... Then... do you know, Latifa? If Haruto’s — Haruto’s alias... Was that his name in his previous life?” Miharu asked in earnest.</p>

      <p>“...I can’t tell you that. Onii-chan asked me not to tell anyone anything about his previous life.” Latifa shook her head slowly.</p>

      <p>“He said that...”</p>

      <p>Miharu wondered what exactly that could mean. It wasn’t something one would to want spread normally. She didn’t know why he didn’t want it spread, but she couldn’t accept it was just because of a matter of privacy.</p>

      <p>That being said, she couldn’t force Latifa to tell her, so Miharu simply clenched her hands into fists.</p>

      <p>“Even if you can’t ask me, why don’t you just ask Onii-chan yourself?” Latifa suggested with a very troubled look.</p>

      <p>“...It might just be my imagination, but it feels like he’s avoiding me. Especially ever since he came back this time,” Miharu said, frowning sadly.</p>

      <p><em>I kinda thought the same thing. But I also thought it was just my imagination...</em></p>

      <p>Rio really did seem like he was avoiding Miharu earlier, Latifa thought. She first noticed something was odd during the exchange between Rio returning to the village and before they entered the town hall together. It was as though Rio was purposefully avoiding Miharu’s eyes...</p>

      <p>But even if that were true, then Miharu was behaving strangely, too. Ever since Rio returned, her eyes and attention had continuously been focused on him.</p>

      <p>“...Why do you want to know about Onii-chan’s past life?” Latifa asked, examining Miharu’s expression.</p>

      <p>“If I answer that, will you tell me Haruto’s name in his previous life?” Miharu seemed extremely frustrated as she brought up a way for them to swap information.</p>

      <p>“I can’t do that.” Latifa shook her head slowly.</p>

      <p>“...Sorry, that was unfair of me to say. I’m sorry,” Miharu apologized shamefully. It was behavior she would have never shown under normal circumstances, so she must have felt exceptionally defeated.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s okay...” Latifa said with a contemplative look, searching Miharu’s face for her feelings.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe... no, it’s more likely that Miharu...</em></p>

      <p>Based on their exchange up until now, Latifa was practically certain that Miharu suspected Rio was Amakawa Haruto in his previous life.</p>

      <p><em>But... from when?</em></p>

      <p>When had she realized it? Because their names were the same? If that was the only factor, she would have taken some kind of action long ago. There must have been some other factor, Latifa thought.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, was it then...?</em> Latifa suddenly thought of something and understood.</p>

      <p>It was back when they had made the apple cake during cooking class — they were talking about the first time Rio and Latifa came to the village. As they described how Rio was thrown into a jail cell, Orphia and Alma said they had heard Rio mutter ‘Mii-chan’ in his sleep.</p>

      <p>Back then, Latifa noticed that Miharu’s expression had clearly changed. She hadn’t acted strangely after that, but it was possible that she’d started holding onto her suspicions then. Then, after actually seeing Rio again, that doubt grew stronger.</p>

      <p><em>Has Onii-chan noticed Miharu’s change in behavior? Is that why he’s avoiding her?</em> Latifa suspected.</p>

      <p>“Latifa?” Miharu tilted her head awkwardly, peering at Latifa’s face. Latifa had been lost in her own thoughts, so Miharu was most likely wondering what was going on with her.</p>

      <p>Latifa thought hard for a moment before slowly moving her mouth. “...Say, Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“I can’t tell you about Onii-chan’s previous life. But I can tell you about my past life,” Latifa stated, having made up her mind.</p>

      <p>“Eh...?” Miharu was dumbfounded. For a moment, she didn’t understand what Latifa had said, as she had no idea that Latifa had a past life.</p>

      <p>“I have a past life too. A story I’ve only told Onii-chan. But I’ll tell it to you too, because it’s you. My conditions are that you stay silent about what I say, and that you answer one of my questions after I’m done,” Latifa said with determination and looked directly at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Latifa...” Miharu was baffled by the sudden topic at hand.</p>

      <p>“Well? Do you accept these terms? Though it isn’t fair to just say that when you know nothing about my past life, so I’ll tell you one thing up front. I knew Onii-chan in my past life. We died in the same traffic accident.”</p>

      <p>“Ah...” Miharu gasped in shock.</p>

      <p>“I might change my mind later, so I’m only going to wait ten seconds. Ten, nine, eight...”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait! I want to hear it. Please tell me, Latifa. I promise to abide by your conditions.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Sorry, this time I was the one saying unfair things. But in exchange, I’ll tell you about my past life. I don’t think you’ll regret it,” Latifa said apologetically.</p>

      <p>She wanted to know Miharu’s feelings. Just like how Miharu wanted to know about Rio’s past life, Latifa wanted to know why Miharu was digging into Rio’s past life.</p>

      <p>Miharu shook her head politely, “It’s okay. I don’t want to be pushy, but will you tell me right away?”</p>

      <p>“Yup. I was an elementary school student in my past life. Onii-chan was a university student, and we knew each other because we took the same bus to our schools.”</p>

      <p>“...” Miharu was focused on listening, so she didn’t say a word.</p>

      <p>“At first, I wasn’t used to riding the bus. I only used it occasionally on rainy days, but I once missed my stop and went somewhere I was unfamiliar with. When I got scared and started crying, Onii-chan brought me back home. That was my first meeting with Onii-chan. That was all it took for me to... No, the Onii-chan of my past life was so kind and handsome, I fell in love with him at first sight. Then I made mom let me take the bus to school. And that was one year before we died...”</p>

      <p>Latifa paused there before continuing, fondly remembering the details.</p>

      <p>“But in the end, even with one year’s worth of time, I never gained the courage to talk to Onii-chan ever again. Ah, I know I asked why you couldn’t talk to Onii-chan yourself before, but now that I think about it, I’m really not one to talk about Miharu, huh? I still have lots of things I haven’t had the courage to say, even now.” Latifa smiled sadly.</p>

      <p>“Latifa...” Miharu clenched her fists tightly from the heartache.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I wasn’t actually that close to Onii-chan in my previous life. Of course, since becoming the me of this world, I’ve heard lots of stories from Onii-chan, but I promised him I wouldn’t tell anyone about that. Sorry — I couldn’t tell you much, I guess?” Latifa apologized regretfully. Perhaps she had just wanted to tell someone about herself. Maybe she wanted Miharu to know about her — it was, perhaps, why she brought up such a topic.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true.” Miharu smiled fleetingly, shaking her head.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. Then, to finish things off, I’ll tell you a little about what kind of person Onii-chan looked like to my previous self. And to my current self too...” After saying that, a certain intention could be glimpsed in Latifa’s eyes. It was possible that talking about her impression of Haruto from when she was Suzune would be a violation of the promise she made Rio. At the very least, it was definitely a grey area.</p>

      <p>But Latifa wanted to say it anyway. She had to say it, she thought. If she was to remain in love with Rio in the future, she thought she had to face Miharu directly right here and now. “Onii-chan always... The Onii-chan in my memory always had a sad look on his face. He had a faraway look in his eyes, as though he was watching someone who wasn’t there. Like someone very important was gone, and he knew they wouldn’t be returning...”</p>

      <p>Latifa knew who that important person was. She was already treading on a dangerous line at this point, so she couldn’t say any further than that.</p>

      <p>“Haruto was...” Miharu blinked.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know... I don’t know if Onii-chan is still looking at that person even now. But, you know. I love Onii-chan. He saved me in this world as well.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really?” Latifa’s sudden confession had Miharu recoiling her head.</p>

      <p>“Yup. Come to think of it, I’ve never told you about what happened... About the life I was living before I came to the village...”</p>

      <p>“I heard you were traveling with Haruto...” Miharu said nervously.</p>

      <p>“It was before that. I-I was... I was a slave before. By the time I regained my memories of my past life in this world, I had been born and raised as a slave.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>