<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: Atonement</h1>

      <p>Outside of Amande’s city walls, in the location where Rio and Lucius had been battling it out mere moments ago, Rio and Flora now stood closely facing each other.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, Sir Rio...” Flora clutched Rio’s sleeve and whispered his name quietly.</p>

      <p>“Yes.” Without breaking eye contact, Rio nodded with a guilty look, but his heart wasn’t present. After a moment, he slowly looked up at the sun rising in the distant sky. Unreachable and bright, it was like something to be yearned for...</p>

      <p>Flora gently tugged the sleeve of Rio’s shirt, asking once again, “Sir Rio... You’re Sir Rio, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>“...” Rio looked back down at Flora as though he had been dragged back to reality. But he didn’t speak, instead frowning in thought at how to deal with the current situation.</p>

      <p><em>Haruto, is everything okay?</em> At the same time, Aishia’s telepathy echoed in Rio’s head.</p>

      <p><em>...Yeah, it’s fine.</em> Rio calmed himself, and replied to Aishia. <em>I’m just a little busy right now.</em> <em>Can you contact me later?</em></p>

      <p><em>Got it.</em> He heard Aishia’s immediate response before the telepathy cut off. Once it did, Rio finally opened his mouth to speak.</p>

      <p>“...Who might you be referring to?” He stared at Flora’s face and feigned ignorance.</p>

      <p>An extremely saddened look crossed Flora’s face before she was enraged by the answer that didn’t meet her expectations. “Y-You, you’re S-S-Sir Rio! Just now, that man said so — that you’re Rio!” she said in frustration.</p>

      <p>“...I was once called that, yes. I have the name of Rio in addition to my name of Haruto. But why are you calling me by such a name, Princess Flora?” Rio cocked his head and asked with an utmost look of curiosity, as though implying the Rio that Flora knew was someone else.</p>

      <p>“...Mm...” Flora felt like she had been strongly rejected, and her face twisted with tears.</p>

      <p>“I currently live by the public name of Haruto. Pardon my rudeness in asking so, but I would be extremely grateful if you could forget what you heard earlier.” Rio cut to the chase with his request without any further explanation.</p>

      <p>“N-No, I don’t want to!” Flora clung to Rio’s chest like a lost child.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>