<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“You’re just digging your own grave...” Despite Aki’s exasperation, she couldn’t hold back her giggles.</p>

      <p>“S-Shut up!” Masato yelled in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Well, whatever. What will you do, then? Do you want to stay at the village and continue your sword training?” Aki asked Masato, trying to recover their derailed conversation.</p>

      <p>Masato scratched his head shyly. “Ah, well. If it’s come to this, I’ll have to bow my head to Haruto too. I want to go to Strahl as well.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, so you’re coming after all. You didn’t seem that enthusiastic about it...” Aki stared closely at Masato’s face.</p>

      <p>“Shut up. I changed my mind.” Masato turned away.</p>

      <p>“Oh, really.” A smile tugged at Aki’s lips.</p>

      <p>“Fufu.” Miharu watched the two of them with an amused smile on her face. They finally felt like their usual selves again. But with that decided, they had to make haste.</p>

      <p>“First, let’s all go to Haruto. Then we’ll call Sara and the girls over and give our report together,” Miharu suggested.</p>

      <p>“Yup.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>Aki and Masato nodded in unison.</p>

      <p>With that decided, the three of them visited Rio’s room and knocked on the door, with Rio’s reply coming immediately. “Come in.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, Latifa?!” It seemed there was something of a commotion inside.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me...” Miharu opened the door fearfully. Rio was carrying Latifa on his back — or rather, Latifa was clinging to Rio’s back. “Good evening, Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“Umm, good evening, Haruto. Do you have a moment right now?” Seeing Rio carrying Latifa on his back made Miharu hesitate.</p>

      <p>Rio smiled faintly “Yes, we were just messing around. If the three of you are here together, it means you’ve come to a decision, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Miharu said.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, you’re so attached to Haruto, Latifa.” When Aki spotted Latifa clinging to Rio’s back, she couldn’t help but give a slightly strained smile at the display of affection between the two.</p>

      <p>“Yup!” Latifa nodded with a carefree smile.</p>

      <p>“For now, please come inside. Latifa, can you go to the living room or back to your own room?”</p>

      <p>“Eeh, but I wanna hear too.” Latifa pouted.</p>

      <p>“It’s an important conversation. You understand that, right?” Rio warned her with a troubled look. At that, Latifa puffed up her cheeks and climbed off his back, obediently moving to leave the room.</p>

      <p>“Umm, Latifa can stay,” Miharu said. “Actually, we were thinking of calling Sara and the others over too, so that we could all talk together. About our thoughts.”</p>

      <p>“With me too?” Latifa cocked her head hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“Yup. I want you to listen too,” Miharu said, smiling gently.</p>

      <p>“I understand. Let’s talk in the living room, then.” Rio respected their decision and suggested they relocate.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Sara, Orphia, and Alma were called to Rio’s living room. Once everyone had gathered and taken their seats on the sofa, Rio spoke up.</p>

      <p>“Now, could you tell us what the three of you have decided to do?”</p>

      <p>Miharu took a deep breath. “Yes. Firstly, the three of us have reached the conclusion that we all want to go to Strahl.”</p>

      <p>“I understand. If that’s first, then is there more?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>That request was well within his expectations. There was nothing to be surprised about. Neither Latifa nor the spirit folk girls seemed particularly shocked, either. However —</p>

      <p>“I would... I would like to attend the night banquet with you.” Latifa and the spirit folk girls twitched in reaction.</p>

      <p>“...If the kingdom finds out about you, the royalty and nobility may try to find a way to use you. I’m sure they will treat you politely on the surface, but that would mean revealing your name and face to the public from here onwards. It’s possible that people who will try to use that for their own plots may appear. You are aware of all this, yet still want to attend the banquet. Is that correct?” Miharu’s request to attend the banquet too had been a little unexpected, making Rio pause for a moment before confirming her intentions.</p>

      <p>“...Yes,” Miharu nodded deeply, conveying her own determination. Even if she couldn’t attend the banquet, if she made herself available to meet Satsuki at any moment, she would be well-known at some point. It was just a matter of whether it was sooner or later.</p>

      <p>But more than anything, Miharu hated leaving everything to Rio alone. While leaving everything to Rio might certainly be a wise choice, it also felt like Rio would go somewhere far away, which made her feel quite scared. This choice was Miharu’s own selfish desire — it was her chance to take her future into her own hands. Now, whether Rio would accept her selfishness or not was another thing.</p>

      <p>Miharu watched Rio’s face closely, feeling a little scared.</p>

      <p>“...Then, let me confirm one more thing. If this is for you, then what about Aki and Masato?” Rio asked, looking at them.</p>

      <p>Miharu wrung out all her courage to answer Rio’s question. “I was hoping they could wait near the castle.”</p>

      <p>“...Depending on how our discussion goes, it’s possible that Aki and Masato won’t be able to meet Satsuki even if they go to Strahl. You might be going for no reason, you realize?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes, we have taken that into account. After the three of us talked, I made this request of them. This is what we decided,” Miharu said resolutely.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Rio gave a small sigh and looked at Aki and Masato once more. The two of them nodded and returned his gaze. They didn’t look like they had anything further to say; Rio could tell that they had truly accepted this.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the spirit folk girls were all watching them silently.</p>

      <p>“Is that okay, Haruto? Or is taking the three of us too difficult...” Masato asked fearfully and bowed his head toward Rio. Though Rio could use spirit arts to fly, there was no way he could carry Miharu, Aki, and Masato together while doing so.</p>

      <p>“I have to make sure I fly safely, of course, but that doesn’t mean its impossible,” Rio replied to Masato with a wry smile. On the other hand, Sara, Orphia, and Alma all exchanged secret glances.</p>

      <p>“Then...” Masato and Aki gulped, awaiting Rio’s conclusion.</p>

      <p>“If that is the answer the three of you have arrived at after careful consideration, then we shall proceed with that.” Rio smiled gently. If this decision of theirs had been made lightly, he would have given them more warning, but he could tell that wasn’t the case.</p>

      <p>“Yay!” Masato and Aki said together, high-fiving each other.</p>

      <p>“That’s great.” Sara smiled with the other girls, watching Masato and Aki.</p>

      <p>“...Are you sure?” Miharu had been expecting more resistance, so when everything went so smoothly, her eyes widened in surprise.</p>

      <p>“Yes. You are the one who asked, no?” Rio said with an amused look.</p>

      <p>“Umm, but, I thought you would oppose us going to the castle. It’ll be an inconvenience to you too, so... umm...”</p>

      <p>“That’s not true. Like I said — I’ll respect your decisions. If it’s to help the three of you return to Japan one day, then I’ll exert every effort to help. All the more so if this is an answer you considered carefully. That’s why, instead of worrying about being a nuisance or burden to me, I’d like you to push thoughts like that out of your mind,” Rio said calmly to a frowning Miharu.</p>

      <p>“...Okay.” When Rio had said ‘return to Japan,’ Miharu couldn’t help but feel vexed and saddened, her face distorting faintly. However, she immediately corrected it into a serious face and agreed slowly.</p>

      <p>Latifa seemed to sense something, watching Miharu with a frustrated look herself.</p>

      <p>“However, there will of course be precautions we must take in order to allow Miharu to attend the banquet, so I expect you to follow those. Is that okay?” Rio stared fixedly at Miharu, emphasizing his words.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes. Thank you for your consideration.” Miharu nodded deeply and bowed her head to Rio.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>