<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>The Dragon King’s Bed</h2>

      <p>In the Galarc Kingdom, the morning after Sora appeared before Rio as the disciple of the Dragon King...</p>

      <p>Overjoyed at her long-awaited reunion with the Dragon King’s reincarnation, Sora had sobbed on and on endlessly. In order to comfort her, Rio had brought her to a room where they could sleep separately.</p>

      <p>Thus came the morning. Aishia, Rio, and Sora had slept separately in a bedroom with three beds, but Rio had gotten up early to make breakfast. The quiet sound of Aishia’s breathing could be heard in the room.</p>

      <p>“Mmph...Dragon King...”</p>

      <p>Sora’s blissful sleep-talking could also be heard. Yet she was the first to wake up.</p>

      <p>“<em>Yawn</em>... Wha—?!” She slowly blinked her eyes open and yawned cutely. But when she recalled how she’d met Rio yesterday, she sat up in bed with a gasp.</p>

      <p>“Dragon King...?”</p>

      <p>What if what happened yesterday was all a dream? Sora worriedly looked around the room, sighing in relief when she spotted Aishia still sleeping. It seemed she hadn’t been dreaming after all.</p>

      <p>“Heh... He he heh...”</p>

      <p>Memories of last night rushed into her head. The joy of seeing the Dragon King after a thousand years overpowered every other thought in her head, making her smile happily. However, the Dragon King himself was nowhere to be seen. She was sure he had gone to sleep in the bed beside her yesterday...</p>

      <p>“Where is he...?”</p>

      <p>Sora’s gaze locked onto the bed where Rio had slept. The blanket had been straightened roughly, but it was evident that Rio had slept there last night.</p>

      <p><em>Th-This is where the Dragon King slept...</em></p>

      <p>Being permitted to sleep beside such a sublime figure meant a lot to Sora. Merely looking back on the moment had her heart racing.</p>

      <p>“...!”</p>

      <p>Sora jumped headfirst into Rio’s bed.</p>

      <p>“Ha! Aha ha!”</p>

      <p>Sora’s outrageous, disgraceful, and unthinkable actions filled her with both guilt and joy.</p>

      <p>“Sora? Good morning...” Aishia woke up and rubbed her eyes sleepily.</p>

      <p>“Eeeeeek!” Sora leaped up in horror. She quickly moved back to her own bed.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong?” Aishia tilted her head curiously, having missed what Sora had been doing.</p>

      <p>“N-N-Nothing at all! Don’t scare Sora by waking up all of a sudden. Jeez!” Sora squeaked.</p>

      <h2>Arabian ☆ Queen</h2>

      <p>Amakawa Haruto was a second-year Japanese high school student, and Christina and Flora were sisters on exchange at Haruto’s high school, coming from the same overseas nation as Professor Celia. Christina was in the same year as Haruto, while Flora was one year younger.</p>

      <p>One afternoon, during summer vacation, the sisters were relaxing in their home.</p>

      <p>“The next play we’re going to do is called <em>Aladdin and the Magic Lamp</em>,” Flora said to her sister. “A formal request will be made to the student council at a later date, but I was hoping you could appear in the play as well.”</p>

      <p>Flora was in the drama club, while Christina was in the student council along with Satsuki, Miharu, and Haruto. The drama club only consisted of a handful of girls, so the student council’s members usually helped out during events by filling roles.</p>

      <p>“Well, I guess I wouldn’t mind...” It was a little embarrassing to act in front of others, but this was a request from her beloved little sister. Christina wanted to grant every wish of Flora’s that she could, so she readily agreed.</p>

      <p>“I would love for you to take the role of the king’s daughter! I think it’d be perfect for you!” Flora recommended the princess role to Christina with a beaming smile.</p>

      <p>“You could play the princess too...”</p>

      <p>“No, no, I could never! And the truth is, I’ve already prepared a costume for you! I used an outfit from a dance called a belly dance as reference to make an Arabian costume in your size!” Flora picked up a paper bag she had left on the floor beside the sofa.</p>

      <p>“You sure are well prepared...”</p>

      <p>“I just know you’ll look great in it! Please try it on!”</p>

      <p>“R-Right now?”</p>

      <p>“Yes! I measured it myself, so I’m sure it’ll be fine, but let me know if the size needs to be fixed anywhere.”</p>

      <p>“Fine... Wait just a moment.” Christina was utterly weak to her little sister’s requests. She accepted the paper bag and returned to her room to change into the costume.</p>

      <p>“This... This is basically underwear. And the fabric is see-through.” Christina had finished changing into the costume Flora had prepared. She had her doubts about the amount of skin exposure as she was changing, but she was considerate enough of her little sister to finish changing into it. However, she had no intention of heading downstairs to the living room where Flora was waiting.</p>

      <p><em>I should tell her to reconsider the costume, </em>Christina decided with a sigh, moving to change back into her own clothes.</p>

      <p>“I’m coming in, Christina.”</p>

      <p>Just then, Flora barged into Christina’s room, too impatient to wait any longer.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, Flora... Jeez.” Christina sighed in resignation.</p>

      <p>“What do you think?” Flora asked, seeking her opinion with an expectant look.</p>

      <p>“It’s too revealing. I can’t stand in front of all those men wearing this. Please change the design to something less exposing,” Christina requested bluntly.</p>

      <p>“Aww... I thought you’d look beautiful in it...” Flora gazed at Christina in the Arabian dress with a look of disappointment.</p>

      <p>“Y-You won’t change my mind just because you’re making a face like that!”</p>

      <p>“But you’re so beautiful like this. It’d be a shame to remake it without showing anyone... Oh, I know! You’d be okay with showing Haruto, right?”</p>

      <p>“No, I wouldn’t! Why would I do that with a disgraceful outfit like this?!”</p>

      <p>“I already texted everyone in the student council to come over while you were changing.”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m going to change out of it now!”</p>

      <p>She couldn’t let Haruto see her in this revealing outfit. Christina quickly began to change out of the costume, but how Satsuki’s arrival would later result in her changing back into the Arabian dress is a tale for another day.</p>

      <h2>The Dragon King’s Cooking</h2>

      <p>Sora was a young girl and a disciple of the Dragon King. Her physical growth had stopped the moment she became a disciple, so she still looked like she was seven or eight years old after a thousand years. Becoming a disciple had also halted her mental growth, making her behavior that of a young girl as well.</p>

      <p>Sora loved her master, the Dragon King. Rather than a romantic love, she worshipped him like a god. Because of that, the moment she met his reincarnation Rio, she directed her adoration towards him instead.</p>

      <p>“Dragon King!” she called him happily.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Sora?”</p>

      <p>“Today’s breakfast is really, really tasty!” Sora beamed.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. I’m glad you’re enjoying it.”</p>

      <p>“That’s because it’s great!” Sora resumed eating her breakfast. She stuffed her cheeks like a squirrel or hamster, making an expression of pure bliss.</p>

      <p>Ever since becoming a disciple, her body was no longer capable of falling sick or changing shape. That’s why she had a big appetite in spite of her childlike appearance, and she was capable of eating all the oily food she wanted, at any time of day. The same applied to Aishia as a spirit, and she also ate a lot. Ever since the three of them started living together, Rio had to prepare extra food in the mornings.</p>

      <p>“Sora is so happy to be with the Dragon King again, eating his handmade cooking,” Sora said joyfully. Her delight was so over the top, Rio felt embarrassed.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha.” He smiled while he watched Sora eat.</p>

      <p>“<em>Nom nom</em>. Whoa... This meat! It’s so good!” Sora’s expression changed vividly with every bite, but she was at her happiest when she was eating meat.</p>

      <p><em>It’s worth cooking for someone when they enjoy it this much. What should I make next? What flavors does Sora like the best?</em> Rio went through his repertoire of meat dishes in his head.</p>

      <p>“Like Sora said, Haruto’s cooking is delicious. Eating it warms the heart,” Aishia suddenly added. With her untalkative personality, she had been eating in silence until now.</p>

      <p>“Aishia’s right! Everything the Dragon King makes has nutritional value and a recovery effect!” Sora huffed proudly.</p>

      <p>“I don’t think they have any such effects...” Rio smiled wryly at the exaggeration.</p>

      <p>“They do! Sora’s heart is all warm now!” Sora declared firmly.</p>

      <p>“Yup,” Aishia nodded.</p>

      <p>“I see... I’ll have to live up to those expectations when I make lunch, then,” Rio replied shyly, carefully considering what to make for their next meal.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>