<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in another room of the mansion, Satsuki had just finished giving Gouki and Kayoko an explanation. The topic was, of course, their relationship with Takahisa and Aki. Now that Takahisa and Aki had come to the mansion, she believed it’d be better to share the situation with them.</p>

      <p>“And that’s why I’d appreciate it if you could keep an eye on things,” Satsuki said, concluding with a bow.</p>

      <p>“Understood. If that’s the case, then we’ll happily assist wherever we can. If you need someone to take on more meddling or troublesome duties, just say the word,” Gouki replied with a cheerful nod.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. But I can’t ask you to go that far...”</p>

      <p>“We’re freeloaders, after all. Don’t hesitate to work us to the bone. Isn’t that right, Kayoko?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed so.”</p>

      <p>The Saga couple offered their assistance good-naturedly.</p>

      <p>“You’re not freeloaders! You’re all family to us.”</p>

      <p>“It’s an honor to hear you say that. But if you truly believe that, then there’s even less reason for you to hold back.”</p>

      <p>“Gouki, Kayoko... Oh? Who is it?” Satsuki called out, as there was suddenly a knock at the door</p>

      <p>“It’s me.”</p>

      <p>“Miharu? Come on in.”</p>

      <p>With a clack of the door opening, Miharu entered the room. “Satsuki. Hello Gouki, and Kayoko too...”</p>

      <p>“I just finished explaining the situation to them. How did things go on your end?” Satsuki asked, watching Miharu’s face.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. We shared our feelings with each other. I don’t think she’s had any sleep recently, so I’ve just put her to bed. She seemed tired.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” Satsuki let out a breath of relief at Miharu’s peaceful expression.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I was hoping to let Aki stay the night here if possible.”</p>

      <p>“Sure. But Takahisa will have to leave the mansion.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you.”</p>

      <p>“I’m trusting you to handle things with Aki. But Takahisa can at least have dinner with us before he leaves. I wanted to talk to him too.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>That night, a humble banquet was held at their mansion. The attendees were the residents of the mansion, Masato and Lilianna, and the newly arrived Aki and Takahisa. With Miharu, Aki, Satsuki, Masato, and Takahisa present, everyone from Japan had gathered for a long-awaited reunion meal.</p>

      <p>Time passed by amicably. No one brought up any dark topics, and it was almost as though they had returned to their previous relationships on Earth.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a long time since I’ve had so much fun,” Takahisa muttered happily. However, fun times were fated to end in the blink of an eye. With the meal over and some pleasant conversation exchanged...</p>

      <p>“Now, let’s call it a night,” Satsuki interrupted.</p>

      <p>“...” At that moment, Takahisa stiffened. The sky was already dark outside. All that was left to do for the day was bathe and sleep. He wondered what would happen from here. Perhaps he would be allowed to stay over here? It would be a lie to say he wasn’t hopeful.</p>

      <p>“Aki will be staying the night here, but Takahisa has his own guest room in the castle, so he’ll be staying there.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki didn’t allow him to have any false hope. The first words she said after dinner ended were to address the issue of his accommodations.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? Oh, okay...”</p>

      <p>With his hopes dashed, a sudden sense of loss filled Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“I arranged the room myself. It’s one of the best guest rooms in our castle, so I hope you find it comfortable to stay in, Sir Takahisa. Hee hee,” Charlotte said to Takahisa with a grin. She seemed to be enjoying his disappointed reaction.</p>

      <p><em>Gosh, Char. That’s nasty.</em></p>

      <p>Satsuki had known her long enough to have a vague idea of what she was thinking. She shot Charlotte an unimpressed look.</p>

      <p><em>It’s just so amusing, I can’t help it. You should keep raking him over the coals this much. </em>Charlotte continued grinning as though to say just that. However, Satsuki didn’t feel any sympathy for Takahisa either.</p>

      <p>“Sorry. This mansion is meant to be for girls only,” she said with a small sigh.</p>

      <p>“Huh? But Masato’s staying here...right? And Gouki too...” Takahisa was taken aback.</p>

      <p>“That would be because of the difference in trust.” Satsuki implicitly reminded him to consider what he had done did to Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Right, of course,” Takahisa muttered weakly. He’d had so much fun since coming to the mansion, he’d forgotten that he wasn’t trusted. The truth was thrust in his face once again, reminding him that things still weren’t the way they used to be. That had to be a shock to him.</p>

      <p>“I have things to discuss with the delegation, so I will be in the guesthouse as well tonight. I can accompany you back to your room,” Lilianna said, informing Takahisa of her intent to head to the guesthouse as well. As the First Princess of the Centostella Kingdom, she probably wanted to use this opportunity to talk to him alone as well.</p>

      <p>“Lily... Okay.”</p>

      <p>Takahisa nodded dejectedly, leaving the mansion with Lilianna in low spirits.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>