<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Hero Q&amp;A</h1>

      <p>The next afternoon, Satsuki, Masato, and Takahisa were led by Charlotte and Lilianna to visit the dining room in the castle. Francois had something to talk to them about, so they were going to have lunch together with him.</p>

      <p>“Please come this way.”</p>

      <p>A knight opened the door to the dining room and Charlotte gestured for them to enter. When Satsuki and the others entered the room, they found it was already occupied by other visitors: Beltrum’s First Princess Christina and Second Princess Flora, the hero Hiroaki, Roanna, and Duke Huguenot.</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina! Princess Flora!” Satsuki ran up to the girls she already considered her good friends. Christina and Flora’s expressions brightened in return. They stood up to greet her.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Lady Satsuki.”</p>

      <p>“It’s an honor to be in your company again.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki frowned sadly, unable to find the right words to say. “I heard about what happened in Rodania. You must have suffered a lot.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for your kind words. We were saved by Professor Celia and Sara’s group, so please give them our regards later,” Christina said. Flora bowed her head beside her.</p>

      <p>“We’ll invite you two to the mansion on another occasion, so please come visit again,” Charlotte said, joining the conversation.</p>

      <p>“We’d be glad to.”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>The siblings replied over each other.</p>

      <p>“It’s nice to see you again too, Hiroaki. I’m glad to see you’re unharmed.” Satsuki sat down nearby and looked over at Hiroaki. While the relationship between them wasn’t the worst, it wasn’t exactly good either. Neither of them normally bothered to talk to the other when they had nothing to say. In situations like this, Satsuki was the one who usually greeted him first, only to be met with a displeased face.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Thanks.” Hiroaki glanced over at Satsuki without getting up from his seat. His reply was curt, but it wasn’t hostile. Satsuki’s eyes widened faintly at that.</p>

      <p>“Good afternoon, Sakata. Do you remember me? I greeted you once at the banquet.”</p>

      <p>Takahisa approached Hiroaki to give his greetings as well.</p>

      <p>“You’re... Right, you’re the hero from Centostella. So that little one over there must be the new hero.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki seemed to remember Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Hello, I’m Sendo Masato.”</p>

      <p>“Sakata Hiroaki,” Hiroaki replied with a light shrug.</p>

      <p>“Everyone. My father will be arriving soon, so please take your seats,” Charlotte called out to everyone, having received a signal from the knight beside the door who was tasked with announcing arrivals. As Satsuki and the others all took their seats, Galarc’s King Francois entered the dining room.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for gathering today, everyone—please take your seats. There are some topics on the agenda that are unsuitable for a meal, so let us all enjoy the food first.”</p>

      <p>As soon as Francois was done speaking, food was carried into the room. Thus began the lunch party with four heroes, but the atmosphere in the room was far from bright. Everyone was eating their meal—if anything, the meal was what kept their mouths occupied from speaking. Then, once everyone was finally done eating...</p>

      <p>“Now, let us get to business. The reason why I have gathered the heroes here today is none other than to discuss the fall of Rodania. Lady Satsuki would have heard about this already, but it has been reported that the hero of ice assisted the Beltrum Kingdom in the attack on Rodania,” Francois began, looking around at everyone’s faces.</p>

      <p>“The problem is the power that the ice hero displayed. In a single blow, the hero of ice froze a hundred-odd Aerial Knights protecting Rodania, making them fall from the skies,” he continued.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Faces stiffened as the group felt some form of nervousness.</p>

      <p>“This number cannot be dismissed lightly. The hero was facing a flying army spread throughout the air, yet still managed such devastation. Princess Christina estimates that if he had used that power against an army on the ground, he could have taken out over a thousand soldiers.”</p>

      <p>“A-A thousand?!”</p>

      <p>Everyone besides Satsuki, Masato, and Takahisa—who had already heard this earlier—was lost for words at that number.</p>

      <p>“If that power could only be used once per battle, then the nation would merely consider it a severe threat that cannot be overlooked. However, if that power could be used multiple times, or if an even greater power existed... We could potentially be facing a national crisis.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean by potentially?” Satsuki asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“I am referring to the potential of a hero deciding to use their power against us. Heroes possess the power to kill a thousand soldiers in a single move. If such a power could be used repeatedly, mobilizing the army would just be sacrificing lives for nothing.” Francois pointed out the danger of the heroes outright.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What are you saying?! We’d never do that!” Takahisa must have felt as though he had been criticized for being a hero, so he stood up and yelled at Francois in protest.</p>

      <p>“Of course, I believe that no one of a sound mind would do such a thing. I have trust in all the heroes here today,” Francois replied calmly.</p>

      <p>“Please return to your seat, Sir Takahisa.”</p>

      <p>Pacified by Lilianna’s quiet words, Takahisa sat back down with a bitter look.</p>

      <p>“I must emphasize this to avoid any misunderstandings: I do not see the heroes present here as a threat. I view the hero of ice, who intentionally used his power in the conflict of another nation, as the threat. I ask for your understanding of that before I continue,” Francois said, carefully looking each hero in the eye.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay, I understand,” Satsuki said.</p>

      <p>“Me too,” Masato replied.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Hiroaki shrugged to convey his understanding without any words.</p>

      <p>“...Right.” Takahisa nodded.</p>

      <p>“As the leader of this kingdom, I wish for a means to estimate the power of the hero of ice. Obviously, the ice hero cannot be contacted directly. That is why I have gathered the heroes that are friendly with our kingdom here today. I have already explained this to Sir Hiroaki, but I would like to ask you all to show us your strongest move,” Francois said, finally explaining the true reason for the lunch party.</p>

      <p>“Does that mean that Sakata...” Satsuki looked at Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ve agreed to cooperate. The ice hero on the enemy side is a problem for the Restoration as well. Which makes it my problem.” Hiroaki’s statement showed a strong sense of responsibility towards the Restoration.</p>

      <p>“Huh...” Satsuki gazed at him curiously, seeing him in a new light.</p>

      <p>“I would also like to emphasize that this is a request. You are by no means forced to participate. Refusing won’t lead to any hardships or loss on your part either. I am willing to wait if you wish to take a few days and consider your answer, and I am open to answering any of your questions,” Francois said to the heroes.</p>

      <p>“Then...I’d like to ask something.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki slowly raised her hand.</p>

      <p>“What is it, Lady Satsuki?”</p>

      <p>“Regarding the power of a hero... As the hero of the Galarc Kingdom, you could have measured my power at any time you wanted. Isn’t that right?”</p>

      <p>“With your agreement, yes.”</p>

      <p>“But you never asked me for permission. You’ve never even asked me to demonstrate my hero power. I think we’ve discussed something similar before, but why is that? Could you explain once more, in front of all the heroes here?” Satsuki looked around at the other heroes as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, I could have asked you to demonstrate your power to prove yourself a hero. But it was clear from the situation at the time that you matched the legends of the heroes...” Francois said, chuckling as though something was amusing.</p>

      <p>“There were a number of reasons why I didn’t ask, but the main reason is that I consider the heroes to be of equal status to the rulers of a nation. I wanted to form a good relationship from the beginning, so I didn’t want to make any demands I wouldn’t have wanted made of me. As is natural when interacting with someone of equal status,” he added in explanation.</p>

      <p>“...” Satsuki silently waited for Francois to continue.</p>

      <p>“Would you not find it improper? How much force you have doesn’t matter. There’s no political, financial, or other necessity for a demonstration. Asking you to show off your power out of pure curiosity would be boorish, wouldn’t you agree?”</p>

      <p>“I get what you’re saying, but was there really no necessity?”</p>

      <p>The powers of a hero should have had plenty of military use for the kingdom. Satsuki asked why Francois didn’t have any interest in a roundabout way.</p>

      <p>“The Galarc Kingdom is prosperous. There’s no war ongoing, and the kingdom is not at risk of ruin. We have no intention of invading anyone else. What would we do with a legendary power during such peaceful times? Although I will admit I had some curiosity towards the power,” Francois said honestly.</p>

      <p>“If you were curious, why didn’t you investigate it?” Takahisa asked from the side.</p>

      <p>“As I said already, because that would be improper. And, as I also said, because I wished to form an equal relationship with Lady Satsuki. It’s easy to be repulsed by people who act improperly with you, no?” Having an interest in something didn’t automatically mean it was necessary to investigate, was Francois’s thinking.</p>

      <p>Takahisa continued to stare at Francois skeptically as though to say, “You say that, but you still wanted to investigate it,” but Francois was unaffected by his rude gaze.</p>

      <p>“It would be one thing if Lady Satsuki volunteered to test her power herself, but I would never make such a request of her out of curiosity alone. At worst, Lady Satsuki could become wary of me. Even if there had been a necessity for the power to be investigated, I would have made the request after a certain amount of trust had been established first. And that is why I am here now,” Francois stated openly. He then looked at the heroes. “There’s another thing I wish to ask all of you.”</p>

      <p>“Yes?” Satsuki replied on behalf of everyone.</p>

      <p>“I have only witnessed Lady Satsuki’s behavior up close, but when it comes to the true power of the heroes, would I be wrong to say that the rest of you haven’t investigated the full potential of your powers either? It seems to me like even if you had the opportunity to release all your power, none of you would ever try to test your limits and desire even more power,” Francois said.</p>

      <p>“That’s because I have no intention of using it!” Takahisa answered first, expressing his strong sense of morals.</p>

      <p>“I am in agreement with Takahisa there. I never planned on using it either.”</p>

      <p>“Same here.”</p>

      <p>Although they were less heated in their replies, Satsuki and Masato agreed with him.</p>

      <p>“Well, yeah. The moment we get a little serious, we can produce a devastating attack. It’s not like we <em>want</em> to throw ourselves into war, so what are we gonna crave further power for? The power itself is completely intuitive, so it’s not like there’s an instruction manual either.” Hiroaki agreed with the three of them while giving his own opinion.</p>

      <p>“If I could add one thing, then I was also worried <em>you’d </em>be wary of <em>me </em>if I asked to find out more about my hero power. It wasn’t that I had no interest in the power of a hero, but I thought it’d be a problem if I displayed my power too much,” Satsuki said, adding a different perspective.</p>

      <p>“Bwa ha ha! I do appreciate that thoughtful side of you, Lady Satsuki.” Francois laughed heartily.</p>

      <p>“I appreciate you for being a thoughtful king too, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>“Then let us speak more frankly with each other. I will be honest with you—I feared what would happen to the kingdom if someone with exceptional power appeared. If you didn’t want to use the true power of a hero, then it was more convenient for the kingdom if you kept that power sealed. The Galarc Kingdom was under stable rule before the presence of a hero, so there was no need to use that legendary power—just borrowing your influence was enough,” Francois said, revealing his true feelings.</p>

      <p>Things may have been different if the power of the hero were controlled by Francois’s will, but the ones that possessed the power were heroes of equal status to the king. The free will of a single girl was different from the will of a nation’s king.</p>

      <p>As the ruler of the kingdom, it was only natural to fear a power that couldn’t be controlled, one great enough to destroy the kingdom. In modern Earth, it was the equivalent of an individual possessing a nuclear weapon instead of a nation.</p>

      <p>“If we cooperate with the kingdom on this... We might be found to have as much power as the hero of ice, right?” Satsuki suddenly asked.</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>“Would we not be considered a threat afterwards? Won’t you be wary that we’ll turn our power against the kingdom? I’m sure it’s frightening for the kingdom to have an individual with so much power.”</p>

      <p>Considering the massacre the ice hero Renji had committed, it was already proved that the powers of the heroes were a threat. Satsuki took that into account as she questioned Francois earnestly.</p>

      <p>“Whether you are seen as a threat or not will depend on the level of trust we have. In your case, I’ve had plenty of time to confirm your character from the moment you were summoned until now. That’s why I decided to trust you and make the request for you to test your hero power to your heart’s content. This is the answer I have reached.” Francois stared directly into Satsuki’s eyes as he answered her.</p>

      <p>“Since Your Majesty has gone about this in such a courteous way, I’m in. As the hero of the Galarc Kingdom, I vow to display the full extent of my powers,” Satsuki said, promising her cooperation.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure? As I said before, I am not seeking an immediate answer.”</p>

      <p>“I have similar trust in you as the king. I also consider Char to be an irreplaceable friend. With people like you in charge of Galarc, I’m happy to give my answer here and now.”</p>

      <p>“I see... Thank you,” Francois said, giving Satsuki an appreciative look.</p>

      <p>“H-Hold on a minute, Satsuki. Isn’t that a bit rash of you? You should think a bit more before giving your answer,” Takahisa said hurriedly.</p>

      <p>“Takahisa...”</p>

      <p>“What if his request doesn’t end at displaying your power? What if the situation changes and he asks you to <em>use </em>that power? If we use our power in a war, we’ll end up killing a huge amount of people. Isn’t that right?”</p>

      <p>Instead of looking at Satsuki, Takahisa shot Francois an accusatory glare.</p>

      <p>“If the hero of ice ever threatens our kingdom with his power, I may ask Lady Satsuki to stand at the forefront as a deterrent. However, it will purely be as a deterrent. I would only ask her to use her power against the enemy army as the very, very last resort. And even then, I would yield the final decision to Lady Satsuki herself. I have absolutely no intention of using the power of a hero as an aggressor. My focus is purely defensive, to use the power as a deterrent.” In return, Francois answered while looking at Satsuki instead of Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“You’re saying you won’t use the power of a hero for war?”</p>

      <p>“That phrasing implies that I won’t use heroes for war at all. What I said is that I wish to use their power as a deterrent,” Francois immediately corrected.</p>

      <p>“There’s no guarantee you’ll stop at just a deterrent, though,” Takahisa muttered with a frown. He wasn’t as inclined to believe in Francois as Satsuki, which was probably why it seemed that she was being deceived in his eyes.</p>

      <p>While there was a trusting relationship between Satsuki and Francois, the same couldn’t be said for Takahisa and Francois. Takahisa was summoned in the Centostella Kingdom, so there was nothing that could have been done about that, but...</p>

      <p>“That may be true. But I have already conveyed my policy towards the enemy military. You seem to be under the impression that the kingdom is actively seeking to participate in war, Sir Takahisa. While there are indeed some nations that exert their energy in war, it all comes down to the leader—and I can promise you that I do not enjoy war. There are times where I have no choice but to consider it as a means of diplomacy, but I would never do so willingly,” Francois said after a small sigh.</p>

      <p>“Why is that?” Takahisa continued voicing his doubts.</p>

      <p>“First of all... While I wouldn’t go as far as to call it pointless, the economic cost is far too heavy. Mobilizing the army costs a massive amount of resources. Weapons have to be forged, citizens enlisted, food sourced, troops dispatched, supplies transported... There are too many things to enumerate,” Francois explained as his first hesitation.</p>

      <p>“Although it can depend on the scale, war is a burden on the entire kingdom. It also causes the citizens to accumulate stress. Yet victory brings very little compensation. The discontent throughout the nation remains after the war, so the aftermath of war brings more than just an economic cost,” he continued, offering the perspective of the citizens that were forced into war.</p>

      <p>“People aren’t thoughtless pawns. Once victory is achieved, rewards for great merits and compensation for damages will be an inevitable topic. Every decision made will be met with criticism and accusations, building more discontent. And those who contributed the most to the victory will gain the power to create new factions.” With a tired face, he added his final point as a finishing blow.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know about other kings, but I would require the circumstances to outweigh those demerits before I would willingly seek out war myself. That, or for the circumstances to have very little demerits in the first place. Well, I suppose the power of the heroes could be forcefully used in that regard.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, then...!” Takahisa started to speak, but—</p>

      <p>“Just because I can, doesn’t mean I will. I wouldn’t do that,” Francois declared first.</p>

      <p>“Why...?”</p>

      <p>“Like I said already, my focus is purely defensive, to use the power as a deterrent. I also said that I wish to form a good relationship with Lady Satsuki. Even if the heroes truly have the power to ruin a nation, that doesn’t mean they actively wish for destruction, no?” Francois said, calmly dissecting the argument point by point.</p>

      <p>“An individual can be tormented by too much power in their hands. Doing this would be like entrusting the deterrent force of a kingdom to a single person. Lady Satsuki’s mental burden has to be taken into consideration as well. I wish to emphasize that I will not force her into doing anything,” Francois said, looking at Satsuki pointedly.</p>

      <p>“That’s enough, Takahisa. I know you’re worried for me, but my answer won’t change.” Satsuki tried to soothe him with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>“I trust the Galarc Kingdom under King Francois’s reign. If the hero of ice threatens this kingdom, I can’t turn a blind eye either way,” she stated clearly to Takahisa’s reluctance.</p>

      <p>“So you’d fight that ice hero if he attacked?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right... If I felt like I had no other choice, I would.”</p>

      <p>“Why?” Takahisa asked, unable to understand her.</p>

      <p>“Because it’s my problem too. If the hero of ice overpowers the military, the enemy will march upon this castle.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, it might affect you—but that isn’t a reason for us to fight as well.”</p>

      <p>“So you wouldn’t fight if the Centostella Castle were being invaded?”</p>

      <p>“Making extreme hypotheticals just derails the point...”</p>

      <p>“It’ll be too late when that hypothetical becomes proven, and I don’t think it’s that extreme either. The hero of ice has a track record of attacking Rodania. Many people died, and Christina and the others had to flee for their lives.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki glanced at the group from the Restoration as she made her argument.</p>

      <p>“But if you keep going down that path, in the end, you’ll be using your power against other people. If we use our power, people will die. They’ll drop like flies. I don’t want that. Killing someone just for threatening you is plain barbaric...” Takahisa became emotional and argued back with clear disgust in his tone.</p>

      <p>“I see. You don’t wish to fight because you don’t want to kill people.”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t that only natural?”</p>

      <p>“Right, natural. I don’t want to kill anyone either. I don’t enjoy fighting. But if I don’t protect myself, who will protect me? We can’t live in peace if we don’t protect ourselves.”</p>

      <p>“That doesn’t mean you can kill people for it. Peace is meaningless if you have to commit crimes to obtain it. Trying to fight power with power will only result in more lives sacrificed. If both sides refuse to yield an inch, the fight can only end when one side is completely destroyed.”</p>

      <p>“What you’re saying sounds far more extreme to me... And personally, I don’t believe peace can exist without power. There needs to be a power in place to act as a deterrent to keep people from killing each other.”</p>

      <p>Neither Satsuki nor Takahisa would budge on their stances. Until...</p>

      <p>“So, hero from Centostella.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki, who had been observing them silently until then, interrupted in an irritated tone.</p>

      <p>“Are you talking to me?” Takahisa tilted his head with a dubious look.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you. Say there were ten people in a room with ten weapons. One of those people is you. Now, six of those people are good people and friendly with you. But the remaining three are assholes. They pick up weapons and threaten the rest of you. What would you do?”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki suddenly questioned Takahisa with a made-up situation.</p>

      <p>“What? Again with the unrealistic hypotheticals?” Takahisa frowned.</p>

      <p>“Just answer,” Hiroaki insisted.</p>

      <p>“The law exists for a reason. I shouldn’t have to do anything, because no normal person would commit such a violent crime.”</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, there are idiots in this world that ignore the law. If people like that pick up weapons to threaten you, what would you do?”</p>

      <p>“I’d negotiate with them before it reached that point and leave the room.”</p>

      <p>“What if the three people with weapons said no, they’re not letting you get away?”</p>

      <p>“I’d convince them,” Takahisa replied without hesitation.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>