<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Have you really forgotten everything? Is there nothing left at all?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Umm... What?” Miharu tilted her head in confusion.</p>

      <p>“You’re really like a different person,” Sora mumbled.</p>

      <p>“Hmm?”</p>

      <p>Everyone was puzzled by why Sora knew Miharu’s name and what she was saying.</p>

      <p>“Err, I taught her everyone’s names on the way here. But what’s wrong, Sora?”</p>

      <p>Celia was equally puzzled as everyone else, but she managed to come up with a lie on the spot to clear the suspicion regarding Miharu’s name. However, that didn’t answer Celia’s own questions. She stared at Sora’s face in search of the truth.</p>

      <p>Sora shook her head with a sigh. “It’s nothing.”</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, that outfit resembles the clothing of the Yagumo region. May I ask where you procured it from?” Gouki asked, voicing his interest in Sora’s clothes.</p>

      <p>“This...was bought from a market while Sora was traveling.”</p>

      <p>Sora lived at the peak of a mountain towards the Yagumo side of the Wilderness, and her clothes were procured on the few occasions that she descended to buy things from Yagumo. But telling the truth would only create trouble, so she omitted most of her explanation. It was something she bought from a market in the Yagumo region, so she wasn’t lying either.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Then it must have been made by a descendant of someone who wandered here from the Yagumo region.” Gouki nodded, making his own conclusion from that answer.</p>

      <p>“On another note, I see Aki has returned,” Celia said, turning to Aki. She had noticed Aki in the room earlier, but there hadn’t been an opportunity to bring it up until now.</p>

      <p>“That’s right, we were also shocked when we returned just now.”</p>

      <p>“They arrived at Galarc yesterday.”</p>

      <p>Orphia and Miharu informed Celia of what had happened. From the way Miharu had her arm wrapped gently around Aki’s shoulder, Celia sensed that they had reconciled.</p>

      <p>“I see... Hi there, Aki. It’s good to see you again.”</p>

      <p>“I feel the same way... I’m sorry for all the commotion.” Aki hung her head apologetically.</p>

      <p>Celia smiled at her softly. “If you’ve made up, then I have nothing else to say. I’m happy for you.”</p>

      <p>“Aki, who is this?”</p>

      <p>Just then, Takahisa approached Aki, seeking an introduction to Celia.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Takahisa. This is Celia. We were in her care back before the banquet happened.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Celia was startled when she heard her call him Takahisa. She had heard about the events of the banquet after it had all happened. That is, how Takahisa feared that Rio and Miharu would get together and tried to kidnap Miharu to prevent just that.</p>

      <p>“Hi, it’s nice to meet you. I’m Sendo Takahisa, Aki’s older brother.” Takahisa introduced himself with a bright smile, showing no notice of Celia’s stiff expression or shame for his past behavior.</p>

      <p>“Ah... I’m Celia. It’s nice to meet you too.”</p>

      <p><em>Huh? What happened here? What does this mean? Why is he acting so bright and cheerful after what he did?</em></p>

      <p>Questions like that filled Celia’s head, leaving her on the verge of a breakdown. But she wasn’t born as a noblewoman for nothing. She somehow managed to force her words out with an uncomfortable smile.</p>

      <p><em>Is it because he forgot about Rio? Is that why he came here with Aki?</em></p>

      <p>“Aki and Masato have been very kind to me. It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance, great hero.” Celia guessed at the reason why Takahisa was here, calmed herself, and greeted him properly.</p>

      <p>“Takahisa is fine—there’s no need to call me by that title. It’s nice to see Aki making some same-aged friends.” Takahisa scratched at his cheek shyly.</p>

      <p>“Celia’s older than you, Takahisa,” Aki said with disgust.</p>

      <p>“Wait, really?!” He had assumed she was older than Aki, but younger than himself. Takahisa gazed at her, flabbergasted.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be twenty-one this year.”</p>

      <p>“Twenty... Twenty... Huh...?”</p>

      <p>Takahisa stared at Celia in disbelief. Now matter how he looked at it, she didn’t appear older than a second- or third-year middle schooler.</p>

      <p>“Hello, I’m Celia’s father, the head of the Count Claire house, Roland. It’s an honor to meet the great hero of the Centostella Kingdom.” Roland interrupted their conversation as though to stop Takahisa from hitting on his beloved daughter.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s nice to meet you, Count Claire.” Takahisa shrank back at Roland’s intimidating aura.</p>

      <p>Seeing that made Satsuki sigh. “Anyways, how did things go with Princess Christina and Princess Flora? Are they in good health?” she asked Celia.</p>

      <p>“Yes, the two appear perfectly fine on the outside. But I fear the two may be somewhat shocked by the turn of events.” Celia must have been worried for Christina and Flora’s mental states. There was a hint of sadness to her smile as she replied.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>All the girls living in this mansion had some level of interaction with Christina and Flora. Like Celia, they all worried about the two of them with gloomy expressions.</p>

      <p>“They must have lots on their mind right now, so let’s invite them here another time. I consider the two of them to be my friends,” Charlotte suggested.</p>

      <p>“Yes please. I’m sure they would be delighted.” Celia nodded happily.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>