<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Reunion</h1>

      <p>Once Rio released his control, the Yamata no Orochi was unable to maintain its form and collapsed back into the water. The many evacuees on the deck of the Restoration’s airship fell silent. Everyone watching the lake was at a loss for words.</p>

      <p>“Roanna! Is Roanna here?!” Christina eventually called out, raising her voice to summon the daughter of the Fontaine ducal family. She looked around the deck, but couldn’t spot her anywhere.</p>

      <p>“Sir Hiroaki was carried into the cabin during departure. I shall call for her!” A young noblewoman ran through the door leading inside the cabin.</p>

      <p>Shortly after, Roanna rushed out onto the deck. “Princess Christina!”</p>

      <p>“How is Sir Hiroaki faring?” Christina asked, cutting straight to the chase. She wanted to know whether he had been the one controlling Yamata no Orochi.</p>

      <p>“He hasn’t woken up yet...”</p>

      <p>There was no conclusive evidence to be gained from that. Christina thought for a moment before responding. “I see... Inform me immediately when he does. You may return now.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.” With a single bow, Roanna returned to the cabin.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Sara, Orphia, and Alma were gathered in a corner of the deck. The three of them were staring at the clouds above the lake.</p>

      <p>“It seems he’s left...” Orphia muttered.</p>

      <p>“He was an incredible spirit arts caster... Stronger than anyone in the village.”</p>

      <p>“Who was he?”</p>

      <p>Sara and Alma both pondered the situation with her. A lake was the ideal environment for a water spirit art caster, but the move that had been used was on a far larger scale than normal. No one in the spirit folk village could cause a phenomenon of such a scale by themselves. Thus, the three of them were extremely interested in the person who had cast the Yamata no Orochi.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Celia and her father Roland Claire were staring at the lake in silence beside them.</p>

      <p>However, they had rather contrasting expressions on their faces. Roland was still taken aback by the appearance of the Yamata no Orochi, while Celia was watching the sky where Rio had been with worry.</p>

      <p><em>Where did you go, Rio?</em></p>

      <p>She was terrified. Just moments ago, she had forgotten Rio’s entire existence. It was like a part of her had been painted over into a blank canvas, erasing all her memories about Rio. And she hadn’t even questioned it.</p>

      <p>They had been such precious feelings of hers. He was so special to her, and they had shared so many memories together, yet...</p>

      <p><em>There’s no way I could have forgotten him...</em></p>

      <p>What if she was in danger of forgetting him again? The moment that thought crossed Celia’s mind, an indescribable sense of uneasiness surged within her.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, everyone!” Unable to bear the feeling any longer, Celia called out to Sara’s group.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Celia?”</p>

      <p>“Do you... Do you remember Rio...?”</p>

      <p>“Rio...?” Sara and the others looked puzzled.</p>

      <p>“Just a little while ago, we all lived together with him. We made meals together, baked snacks together, chatted together, and trained in the mornings together...” Celia’s voice cracked under the stress she felt.</p>

      <p>“Uhm...” The spirit folk girls exchanged confused looks.</p>

      <p>“Have you really forgotten him? Why...?”</p>

      <p>It was almost like Rio had never existed to begin with.</p>

      <p><em>When did this start happening?</em></p>

      <p>How long had they been forgetting things? She had been too preoccupied with the evacuation to think about her missing memories earlier, so she thought about them now.</p>

      <p><em>Saint Erica tried to occupy the capital of Duke Gregory’s territory...</em></p>

      <p>That’s right—Rio had gone to Duke Gregory’s territory in the Galarc Kingdom in order to recapture the city. Celia and the others had accompanied him, but the Saint was a tough opponent. She possessed inhuman strength and could control a monster called the beast of the land. They had all struggled helplessly against her.</p>

      <p>The last thing she could remember was Saint Erica summoning a monster far larger than the beast of the land. Then...</p>

      <p><em>Aishia... Aishia! That’s right, Aishia went and—!</em></p>

      <p>The forgotten memories came rushing back all at once. At the same time, she recalled the existence of the other girl she had forgotten. Her presence was so natural to her, it had taken a moment before she realized her memories of her were missing.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait! What about Aishia? You know, Aishia!” Celia looked at the three girls in question.</p>

      <p>“Aishia...” Their faces were blank.</p>

      <p>“She’s a humanoid spirit who has a contract with Rio. She lived with us as well—we were friends! She’s a precious friend of ours!” Celia was so desperate in her pleads, Sara had trouble responding.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know her... And there’s no way I would forget such a spirit if she existed,” she answered hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...”</p>

      <p>Orphia and Alma both nodded with bewildered expressions as well.</p>

      <p>“Do you remember the fight at Duke Gregory’s territory in the Galarc Kingdom?”</p>

      <p>“I remember there being a fight, yes...”</p>

      <p>“The fight was over before we all knew it, which was strange. Do you remember that?”</p>

      <p>“Yes...”</p>

      <p>Sara and the girls looked back on their memories of that time. Indeed, the fight had ended before they knew what had happened. They knew that for a fact. But there was a fog over their memories before and after that moment. Their minds blanked out at the mysterious incident.</p>

      <p>“That was a fight with Saint Erica. She was a hero as well as a Saint, and this huge monster appeared as well. We were no match for either of them...” Celia informed them. She could recall the events before her memory was cut off clearly now.</p>

      <p>“At the last moment before your memories end, Saint Erica summoned a monster even bigger than the beast of the land. It tore the land open, flipping heaven and earth.”</p>

      <p>The land had lifted and surged towards them like a tsunami. It had been beyond the level of a natural disaster, and everyone had despaired. But they didn’t give up—Rio and Aishia had gone to stop Saint Erica.</p>

      <p>“Rio and Aishia went to stop that disaster by themselves. The two of them headed for the tsunami of earth...”</p>

      <p>The first to fly off was Aishia. She had said something to Rio and left for the tsunami all by herself. Rio had been injured, but he’d hurried after her in a panic.</p>

      <p>“After a few moments, a bright light filled our vision. Once the light faded, the disaster had vanished completely.”</p>

      <p>It was hard to believe there had been any disaster in the first place. Rio, Aishia, and Saint Erica had vanished from everyone’s memories—and she had no idea why.</p>

      <p>However...</p>

      <p>“I’m sure Aishia did something to save us,” Celia said with certainty. “But then we forgot about Rio and Aishia. We were standing there with no idea what had just happened. Even though it was thanks to them that we were saved...”</p>

      <p>No one remembered the two of them, or Saint Erica, or the monster that Erica had controlled.</p>

      <p>“I had forgotten about Rio and Aishia too, until I remembered just now... But if I can remember, then you can too...!”</p>

      <p>Perhaps they could remember Rio and Aishia. Perhaps they actually had memories of them left. Celia clung to such hopes as she questioned the spirit folk girls, but...</p>

      <p>“...” Sara and the others stared into space with dazed expressions. They had been listening to Celia with confused but serious looks to begin with, but it was clear they weren’t listening anymore.</p>

      <p>“Hello...?” Celia blinked.</p>

      <p>“Oh, umm...”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, I suddenly had a dizzy spell.”</p>

      <p>“What were you just saying?”</p>

      <p>The girls snapped back to their senses.</p>

      <p>“I was talking about Rio and Aishia. The two of them saved us, yet we’ve forgotten them,” Celia said, summarizing everything she had just said, but—</p>

      <p>“Rio...”</p>

      <p>“And Aishia?”</p>

      <p>“Who are they?”</p>

      <p>The three of them had evidently unnatural reactions.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh? No way... Weren’t you listening to a word of what I said?”</p>

      <p>It was as if the conversation just now hadn’t happened. Celia questioned them with extreme confusion.</p>

      <p>“What were you saying...?”</p>

      <p>“Err...”</p>

      <p>Sara and the others tried to recall their conversation listlessly.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Then, they stared off into space again.</p>

      <p>“What’s going on...?”</p>

      <p><em>What’s happening here?</em> Celia was even more bewildered. It was strange. There was definitely something wrong. Things were bordering on creepy.</p>

      <p>Celia started feeling scared. But just then, someone tapped her on the shoulder from behind. She turned around.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? Ri—!” Standing there was Rio, wearing a broken mask. Celia tried to call his name on reflex.</p>

      <p>“Shh...” Rio silenced her with a finger to her lips.</p>

      <p>“Mmgh...” Celia shut her mouth with a blush.</p>

      <p>Rio glanced at the dazed spirit folk girls and leaned in to whisper in Celia’s ear. “I will explain the reason why Sara and the others are like this. Let’s talk somewhere quiet. Come with me.” He then took her hand and started walking without waiting for her reply.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay...” Celia allowed herself to be led away.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? Celia?”</p>

      <p>Several seconds later, by the time the spirit folk girls returned to their senses, Rio and Celia were gone.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Rio brought Celia into the cabin of the ship and walked down a passageway.</p>

      <p>“Dragon King, this room is free.”</p>

      <p>Sora must have been searching for an unoccupied room. She was waiting by the door and opened it for them as they approached. It appeared to be a cellar of the ship.</p>

      <p>“Thanks. This way.”</p>

      <p>“Okay...”</p>

      <p>Rio pulled Celia through the door by her hand.</p>

      <p><em>Who’s this girl...?</em></p>

      <p>Celia’s interest was piqued by Sora.</p>

      <p>Sora glared at Celia as though to say, “The hell are you staring at, huh? Who do you think you are holding the Dragon King’s hand like that?” It was an expression that Rio could see.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm...” Celia gave her a friendly, twitching smile.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter?” Rio asked, turning back.</p>

      <p>“Sh-She’s a cute girl.”</p>

      <p>“Her name is Sora.”</p>

      <p>Once the three of them entered the room, Rio closed the door and introduced Sora.</p>

      <p>“Sora... Hi, I’m Celia. Celia Claire.”</p>

      <p>“...Hello.” Sora gave her a stiff bow.</p>

      <p>“She’s a little shy, but she’s a good girl,” Rio explained with a troubled look.</p>

      <p>“Right...” All of a sudden, Celia threw herself at Rio without any warning. She was so overcome with emotion at the sight of Rio before her, she couldn’t hold herself back any longer.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” Sora let out a horrified shriek.</p>

      <p>“So you remember me after all?” Rio asked, allowing Celia to hug him.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. When you tried to leave in the earlier battle, all these memories emerged in my head...and I remembered you and Aishia. And the fight with Saint Erica too.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” Unable to understand why Celia was the only one to regain her memories, Rio had a look of discontent on his face.</p>

      <p>“What happened? You and Aishia suddenly disappeared, then everyone lost their memories... Where’s Aishia?” Celia looked up at Rio’s face from his chest.</p>

      <p>“Aishia is safe. She’s watching over everyone in the Galarc Castle in her spirit form.”</p>

      <p>“You’re protecting us even though we’ve forgotten you... Thank you.”</p>

      <p>“It’s nothing...” Rio smiled happily, shaking his head.</p>

      <p>“Is your mask okay? It’s falling apart...”</p>

      <p>Celia seemed to be worried whether he was injured. She gently touched Rio’s exposed cheek under the cracked mask.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine. This didn’t break from an attack or anything.”</p>

      <p>“And your eyes...”</p>

      <p>Celia peered into Rio’s eyes from close up.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, you! Who do you think you’re clinging to?!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>