<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Ayase Miharu’s own recipe? Hmm... Nom nom.”</p>

      <p>Sora glared at the cookies with a conflicted expression. But the cookies themselves hadn’t wronged her, so she continued munching away.</p>

      <p>“Your throat will feel dry after eating so many cookies. Here, have some milk.”</p>

      <p>Instead of tea, Miharu poured some milk into a cup and offered it to Sora.</p>

      <p>“Milk? Oh, cow milk. Does that go well with cookies?”</p>

      <p>Sora tilted her head skeptically. But her throat was indeed feeling dry, so she took a sip from the cup.</p>

      <p>“<em>Glug, glug...</em> Whoa, they go perfectly together!” she shouted happily, drinking the rest in one gulp.</p>

      <p>“It’s like I’ve got a new little sister,” Latifa said with a carefree smile, gazing at Sora’s face from the side.</p>

      <p>“Right. Is this what it’s like to have a little sister? I think I can understand how Miharu feels now,” Aki agreed. She was also watching Sora from the seat across from her.</p>

      <p>In fact, everyone in the room was watching Sora stuff her face with sweets with pleasant expressions on their face.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is it? Stop staring at Sora.” Sora glared back at them with a ring of milk around her mouth. As someone who had lived alone until now, she felt uncomfortable being at the center of attention. She couldn’t understand why every single person here was looking at her with a friendly gaze.</p>

      <p>“Sorry Sora, you’re just so cute. And you’ve got milk around your mouth, here.” Miharu picked up a damp cloth and gently wiped Sora’s mouth for her.</p>

      <p>“W-Wah! What are you doing, Ayase Miharu?! Don’t treat Sora like a child!”</p>

      <p>Sora tried to brush away Miharu’s cloth, but Miharu promptly finished wiping Sora’s mouth with a skilled hand.</p>

      <p>“Oh, she called Miharu by her full name again,” Latifa pointed out enviously.</p>

      <p>“It’s not that strange. Sora calls other people by their names too. Like Celia,” Sora mumbled in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“He he.” Celia sipped her tea from a seat a slight distance away, beaming happily.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>The tea party came to an end an hour later. Stuffed full of sweets, Sora returned to her room alone.</p>

      <p>Celia had been summoned by Charlotte to assist with something. Satsuki, Masato, Sara, Orphia, Alma, and Gouki were with her for the same reason. The others were going to remain in the dining room and continue chatting, but Sora hurriedly excused herself by saying she was tired.</p>

      <p>“Honestly...what’s with all of them?” she mumbled to herself as she sat down on her bed. Everyone kept trying to talk to her out of curiosity the entire time, making the air extremely suffocating. If the sweets hadn’t tasted so good, she would have left in a huff much earlier.</p>

      <p>So why was it? When she looked back on the tea party, she seemed to feel an emotion besides irritation. But she wasn’t able to verbalize that emotion successfully.</p>

      <p>“Hrmm...”</p>

      <p>The hazy feeling accumulated within Sora with nowhere to go.</p>

      <p>“I’m back, Sora. I’m coming in.” Just then, Celia opened the door and entered the room.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re finally back.” Sora jumped up from the bed and pointed at Celia. She hadn’t been waiting for Celia or anything, so why did she feel happy? Her heart was beating faster for some reason.</p>

      <p>“What? It’s only been thirty minutes since you returned to the room first. Were you waiting for me?” Celia looked up at the clock in surprise.</p>

      <p>“N-No, Sora wasn’t. What were you talking about?” Sora diverted the topic in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I was asked to be a witness to something. It’s confidential to the residents of the mansion, but it’s something Rio should know about, so I was going to talk to you about it...”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Then let’s wait until Aishia comes to check up on us, so you can tell us all together.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>That night, in the forest outskirts of Galtuuk and at the entrance of the stone house set up beside the spring...</p>

      <p>“I’m here again...”</p>

      <p>Celia stood facing Rio with a somewhat awkward, somewhat embarrassed expression. She fidgeted restlessly as she avoided Rio’s gaze with a blush.</p>

      <p>She had just clung to him boldly the night before to say goodbye, thinking she wouldn’t be able to see him off when he departed for his trip in a few days. Vivid memories of the moment resurfaced in her mind, and the embarrassment was more than she could bear. Despite that, her joy over seeing Rio again surpassed that, which was why she was standing here again tonight. She was a young lady in love.</p>

      <p>“I brought her here again,” Aishia stated in her usual tone.</p>

      <p>“We’re back, Dragon King!” Sora greeted Rio happily, delighted to be in his presence again.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back, Sora,” Rio replied gently. He then turned to Celia. “And welcome, Celia. Thanks for bringing them here, Aishia.”</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry, I didn’t think I’d come two days in a row,” Celia apologized, her face slightly flushed.</p>

      <p>“I feel like I said this yesterday, but please don’t apologize. There are no days where you’re not allowed to visit, so I’m really happy to see you again today. Really.”</p>

      <p>While it did create a risk of being seen when they moved to and from the mansion, Aishia and Sora were the ones handling transport. They were extremely careful in that regard.</p>

      <p>“There’s something I’d like to report to you. Are you available to talk for a bit?” Celia asked, looking up at Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“Of course. Let’s move to the living room.”</p>

      <p>Thus, the group relocated to the living room just like the day before, sitting in the exact same seat order. There, Celia explained to Rio about the experiment Charlotte had asked her to witness.</p>

      <p>“I see. An investigation into the strength of a hero’s power...” Rio placed a hand against his chin in thought.</p>

      <p>“There’s no chance of something like the beast of the land appearing and losing control, right? I have no idea what to do if that happens...” Celia mumbled nervously.</p>

      <p>“It isn’t impossible, but I don’t think anyone will lose control of their power. Nor do I think a monster like Saint Erica’s beast will appear either,” Rio said vaguely, choosing his words carefully.</p>

      <p>“Really?”</p>

      <p>“The Divine Arms that the heroes possess have transcendent ones—upper high rank spirits—dwelling within them. And the upper high rank spirits’ relationship with the Seven Wise Gods is, well...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right. Sora told me all about Miharu and Lina yesterday and today. She also explained the reason why the Divine War happened... I also heard from her how the Six Wise Gods sealed the six upper high rank spirits inside the Divine Arms, and how the heroes can die when they use that transcendent power.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, I’ll omit the explanation surrounding that. The Six Wise Gods placed a limiter on the Divine Arms so that the upper high rank spirits sealed within can’t appear.”</p>

      <p>“So they won’t lose control of that power?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Every hero uses their Divine Arms as a catalyst to form a special contract called a spirit bond with the upper high rank spirits within. Control of the Divine Arms should be in the hands of the hero, but if they output too much power, the limiter will create several drawbacks for them.”</p>

      <p>“What kind of drawbacks...?” Celia asked fearfully.</p>

      <p>“A hero could assimilate with the upper high rank spirit through the spirit bond. The higher the power output, the higher the rate of assimilation. While that rate can be temporarily increased and reduced again, assimilation itself is the act of becoming an unstable, nonhuman existence. There’s a chance of the upper high rank spirit seizing control of the body if it goes too far. That was how Saint Erica lost control of her Divine Arms in her final moments.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s what happened...”</p>

      <p>“The limiter is what prevents the spirit from seizing control of the body so easily.”</p>

      <p>“Is it possible to regain control after losing it?”</p>

      <p>“Honestly, I don’t know. It’d be nice if the limiter helped with that too, but if it doesn’t, the hero would have no choice but to wait for the spirit to return their body to them. Or they can attempt to seize it back with force.”</p>

      <p>However, after fighting Saint Erica, it seemed that even if the limiter worked, control of the body would remain with the spirit for a considerable amount of time.</p>

      <p>“So it’s dangerous to lose control of the body after all? If that’s how Saint Erica lost control of the earthen upper high rank spirit, I mean.”</p>

      <p>“If Miharu or Aishia are nearby, they’ll be attacked without question due to their ties to Lina—Miharu for being her reincarnation, and Aishia for receiving her divinity. I’m not sure what will happen if they aren’t nearby... The upper high rank spirits hold a grudge against the Six Wise Gods for sealing them in the Divine Arms, so they may act violently. If they used their transcendent power like that, it’d be an absolute disaster.”</p>

      <p>“Not only will they destroy everything around them, but the heroes will die too. Should I stop the investigation from proceeding, then? I can tell them that it’s dangerous to bring out the power of the heroes. But how do I explain things in a believable way...?” Celia asked worriedly.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need. As I said just now, there should be a limiter to prevent them from losing control of their bodies. And there’s a need to know how much of their power they can draw out. I will observe from the shadows as well, so let them proceed with the investigation.”</p>

      <p>It was a rare opportunity for the closely guarded heroes to leave the castle and use their Divine Arms to their full potential out in the Wilderness. Rio wanted to watch and find out how the current heroes compared to Saint Erica.</p>

      <p>“All right,” Celia agreed obediently.</p>

      <p>“I don’t believe anyone will be able to summon a monster like the beast of the land yet. Satsuki clearly wasn’t at that stage when I last saw her, and neither was Sakata. This is probably due to the limiter—but the problem is how Saint Erica removed that limiter and lost control of her power. I’d like to know the answer to that.”</p>

      <p>“The phenomena that the Divine Arms create are all spirit arts in the end, right? What if they raised their ability at spirit arts?” Celia theorized.</p>

      <p>“The ability of the hero has to match the performance of the weapon. I considered that myself, but...”</p>

      <p>There was indeed a high chance of the heroes getting better at handling their Divine Arms if they practiced their spirit arts. Rio had thought of this possibility himself. Perhaps it was the answer to how they could avoid losing control of their bodies to the upper high rank spirits. However...</p>

      <p>“Is there something bothering you?”</p>

      <p>“For some reason, it felt like Saint Erica fought by relying entirely on the ability of her Divine Arms. I can’t imagine she learned spirit arts from anyone either.”</p>

      <p>The question that rose in Rio’s mind was whether spirit arts ability was truly the key to removing the limiter on the Divine Arms. He also questioned whether there was another way to remove the limiter besides increasing ability in spirit arts.</p>

      <p>“Right. There are no spirit art casters in the Strahl region, so it would be pretty hard for Saint Erica to find someone to learn from...” Celia had the same questions as Rio.</p>

      <p>“In contrast, the hero of ice fought entirely using his spirit arts. Reiss was probably the one to teach him, and from what I saw of that one strike he made on Rodania, he’s able to draw out quite a lot of his power.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>“That’s why I want to see how much power Satsuki and the other three heroes can draw from their Divine Arms at this moment in time. There may be assumptions that can be made by comparing them to Saint Erica and the hero of ice.”</p>

      <p>For example, although they hadn’t spent much time on it, Satsuki and Masato had learned the very basics of using spirit arts already. They could potentially draw out more of their power than Hiroaki or Takahisa, who had never practiced such a thing.</p>

      <p>“Got it. I’ll let Aishia know when we find out where the investigation will be held.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. Then Aishia can head over during the day tomorrow to keep an eye out for things in her spirit form.”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me,” Aishia agreed immediately.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Aishia. Just to confirm, Celia—Miharu won’t be present, will she?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“No, she shouldn’t. The plan is to leave her back at the castle.”</p>

      <p>“Then can you stay back at the castle too on that day, Aishia? I’m sure it’ll be fine thanks to the limiter, but it wouldn’t hurt to be too careful against upper high rank spirits.”</p>

      <p>“Sure. I got it.”</p>

      <p>“Instead, I’d like you to come with me, Sora. Is that okay?”</p>

      <p>“Of course!” Sora agreed energetically.</p>

      <p>“But I might not be allowed to bring Sora with me... The investigation is going to be held in secret, so I don’t think I’ll be permitted to take her without a good reason...” Celia said, voicing her worries.</p>

      <p>“I’m thinking of departing for that trip afterwards, so she can leave the mansion and return here the day before that. I’m sorry to be taking you away from the mansion just as you’re getting used to living there... Will you be lonely without everyone, Sora?” Rio peered into Sora’s face.</p>

      <p>“Everyone will forget about her a few days after she leaves the mansion, right?” Celia frowned sadly.</p>

      <p>On top of being forgotten from the world each time they used their powers, transcendent ones and their disciples also struggled to leave lasting impressions of themselves on other peoples’ memories. As a transcendent one, that effect was immediate for Rio. As a disciple, the effect happened after a few days for Sora.</p>

      <p>“Why are you the one looking so sad about it? Sora doesn’t care at all. She’s already used to it. Traveling with the Dragon King is far more important,” Sora said with a completely unbothered look. Not even Sora herself knew whether that was a show of courage or the genuine truth.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry... It’s all because you’re my disciple,” Rio said regretfully. As the disciple of the Dragon King, the rules of god applied to Sora as well, preventing her from making friends like a regular person. He had made her accompany Celia in order to become acquainted with everyone living in the mansion, but that may have caused her more pain now that she had to part with them.</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t apologize! If the Dragon King didn’t save Sora, she would have starved to death ages ago! And unlike the memory erasure of the transcendent powers, strong impressions can still be recalled from time to time! Especially for a disciple like Sora!” Sora explained in a fluster. However, her fluster just made it seem more as though she was lying to make him feel better.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll definitely do something about the rules of god. So that I can introduce Sora to everyone properly one day.</em></p>

      <p>Rio silently vowed that to himself.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>