<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“It makes me envious of them to hear that. Perhaps my school life wouldn’t have been so tedious if I had an instructor like you,” Charlotte mumbled with a twinge of jealousy.</p>

      <p>“They’re all such important people to me, and that’s why I can’t rely on them for everything. That’s what I believe. So please—I’m sorry that the course of events means I have to burden you with this, but...” Celia came to a stop and bowed her head deeply to Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“I have one—no, two conditions.” Charlotte also stopped.</p>

      <p>“What are they?”</p>

      <p>“First of all, please come home no matter what.”</p>

      <p>“Of course.” Celia had intended on doing that from the beginning.</p>

      <p>“Secondly, once you’ve returned, I’m going to tell them everything you said just now.”</p>

      <p>“...” The second condition came as a surprise to Celia, who blinked in shock.</p>

      <p>“That way you can suffer the wrath of everyone yourself. I’ll even add a spin to this conversation to trouble you more.”</p>

      <p>So make sure you come back for it, Charlotte emphasized.</p>

      <p>“Gladly.” Celia nodded with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Then let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte puffed up her cheeks slightly and resumed walking. Celia followed behind her.</p>

      <p><em>Can I discuss this with you further tonight, Aishia? </em>Celia addressed the person accompanying her in the shadows through telepathy.</p>

      <p><em>Sure.</em> A reply came immediately, and they continued off towards the mansion.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>After returning home, Celia and Charlotte went about their day without bringing up what had happened at the castle again.</p>

      <p>They chatted about trivial things, ate dinner together, then bathed and returned to their respective rooms to rest for the night. When Celia returned to her room, she turned on a light and glanced around. Sora, who had been here just a few nights ago, had left with Rio to find clues on Lina. The short time they had spent together had been full of life, making everything feel oddly silent right now. However...</p>

      <p><em>Are you there, Aishia?</em></p>

      <p><em>Yup, I’m here.</em> Aishia was beside her in her spirit form.</p>

      <p><em>If you have a moment, can I talk to you about what I mentioned this afternoon?</em></p>

      <p><em>Sure.</em></p>

      <p><em>I didn’t expect this to happen the moment Rio left... But I consider this to be the perfect opportunity.</em></p>

      <p><em>Perfect opportunity? Why is that?</em></p>

      <p><em>Rio’s got enough on his plate with the rules of god to worry about. I can’t trouble him with my own problems as well. There’s a limit to how much you and Rio can fight right now too.</em></p>

      <p><em>But I’m going to go with you.</em></p>

      <p>It seemed like Aishia intended on accompanying Celia in her spirit form, but...</p>

      <p><em>That’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about... I don’t want to be baggage to you two any longer, </em>Celia said eagerly.</p>

      <p><em>You’ve never been baggage to us.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m glad you think that way, but I also want you to stay at the castle and look after everyone else. Can I count on you for that? The mansion has been previously attacked once already.</em></p>

      <p><em>Something’s more likely to happen on your end. Gouki and Sara’s group are here. I’m more worried about you, Celia. </em>Aishia conveyed her thoughts with honesty.</p>

      <p><em>I know... Until now, I would have relied on you too. But that can’t keep happening anymore. I can’t just rely on you and Rio for everything. I want to prove that I can be an asset too. So this time...can you trust me to go alone?</em></p>

      <p><em>Are you that confident? </em>Aishia asked after a long pause.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, I am... Brimming with it, to be honest. I’ve become a lot stronger now—I know many more magic spells. </em>Celia swung her delicate arms and patted herself proudly on the chest.</p>

      <p><em>In that case, prove it. Fight with me, Celia, </em>Aishia proposed, in order to ascertain whether she could send Celia off without worrying.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>The next morning marked Celia’s departure from the Galarc Castle. She left the capital without saying a word about the demands from Duke Arbor.</p>

      <p>After riding an enchanted airship out to the westmost city of the Galarc Kingdom, she got on a griffin led by one of Charlotte’s female knights and headed for the Beltrum border.</p>

      <p>They reached the border by early afternoon and made their way to the first meeting place designated by Duke Arbor: the checkpoint. The Galarc knights were not permitted to accompany her beyond that point. A small squad of Beltrum troops was waiting at the checkpoint. They were to escort Celia’s horse carriage to the fort where Duke Arbor was waiting.</p>

      <p>Celia was wary of any traps Duke Arbor may have set along the trip, but her fears were unfounded. Roughly half an hour passed without any incident.</p>

      <p>“Mmm...” Celia yawned quietly.</p>

      <p><em>Oops, I have to be more careful. I shouldn’t have stayed up so late last night.</em></p>

      <p>There was no telling what trouble the slightest lapse of caution could invite. Alone in the carriage, she quickly shook her head and pulled herself together. After another half an hour or so of travel, they arrived at the fort where Duke Arbor was.</p>

      <p>“Get out,” urged her so-called guard of an enemy knight. Celia alighted from the carriage as the fort gate slammed shut behind her.</p>

      <p>“...” She stared around the fort silently. Ten or so meters in front of her stood Duke Arbor, Charles, Reiss, and Renji in a row. Numerous knights surrounded Celia, with the mercenaries Lucci and Arein that Reiss was friendly with among them.</p>

      <p>They weren’t even bothering with pretenses—they were clearly conveying their intention to keep her prisoner here. As she had expected, they probably weren’t going to let her return without a fight.</p>

      <p>“This is quite the welcome,” Celia said to Duke Arbor with her brow furrowed.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?” Duke Arbor tilted his head calmly. “Really, though. How dare you shamelessly show up after ruining your marriage into the Arbor family.” He glared harshly at Celia, making reference to the incident of her wedding to Charles.</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, I was abducted from that wedding,” Celia replied, provoking him with a relaxed smile.</p>

      <p>“Hmph! So you were an unruly horse underneath that young and obedient appearance. I will give you one chance. It’s still not too late, you know?” Duke Arbor asked boldly.</p>

      <p>“Too late for what?”</p>

      <p>“Marry Charles and surrender to the Arbor house. I will guarantee the survival of the Claire house if you do.”</p>

      <p>“You must be kidding me. Have you forgotten the terms of the agreement with the Restoration already?” Celia returned the question with strong objection.</p>

      <p>“If you think that the agreement will continue once the Restoration is destroyed, then you’re more foolish than I thought. I’d have to revise my evaluation of you as the youngest girl genius to graduate from the Royal Academy,” Duke Arbor said mockingly.</p>

      <p>“The Restoration still exists.”</p>

      <p>“In a precarious state, perhaps. That’s why this is your last chance. Become mistress to Charles.”</p>

      <p>“You’d have to kill me first.” Even Celia had to refuse such an oppressive demand like that, her face twitching.</p>

      <p>“Celia...” Pride wounded by her cold attitude, Charles glared at Celia with a huge grimace on his face.</p>

      <p>“Fool. There’s no return from this place either way for you.” Duke Arbor’s sneer deepened.</p>

      <p>“Hey, was there a need to call me all the way here to catch a single girl? She’s trembling on her feet,” Renji, who stood nearby, complained to Reiss in annoyance.</p>

      <p>Indeed, although Celia’s legs were hidden by her long skirt, they were trembling faintly. She was acting relaxed before Duke Arbor, but it was really all a bluff. Renji didn’t feel particularly enthusiastic about capturing such a frail woman and sighed listlessly.</p>

      <p>“If she were alone, there’d be no need for you to be here. But keep your attention on the skies overhead.”</p>

      <p>However, Reiss called Renji to pay attention to his surroundings—almost as though he was expecting Celia to have other allies.</p>

      <p>“Got it.” Renji nodded with another sigh, directing his gaze at the sky with renewed attention.</p>

      <p>“You are breaking off negotiations. Is that how I am to interpret your words?” Duke Arbor glared at Celia even more harshly.</p>

      <p>“I’m not breaking off anything, I’m here with the written response from the Restoration and Galarc Kingdom. I will leave as soon as business is done, so allow me to read their message and ensure that there are no communication issues.” Celia maintained that she was only here to fulfill her role.</p>

      <p>“There will be no need for that,” said Duke Arbor.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean by that?”</p>

      <p>“We will now proceed to restrain you.”</p>

      <p>“Am I correct to assume you are revoking your side of the agreement? Your cause will no longer be justifiable if you do this. Are you sure?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, we have no intention of revoking the agreement. The ones who will be going against their word will be the Claire family. That is our justification for this.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?” Celia raised her brow in suspicion.</p>

      <p>“I mean what I said. The Claire family will go against the agreement.”</p>

      <p>“I would never do such a thing.”</p>

      <p>“No, you already have. Once we restrain you, we’ll have all the time in the world to get a confession out of you.”</p>

      <p>Even Celia’s expression had to stiffen at that. “You intend on forcing a fake confession out of me? I would never yield to you!” she declared firmly.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Let’s see if you can still say such things once you’re caught. Hey...” Duke Arbor jerked his chin, ordering the knights around Celia to apprehend her. The knights started surrounding her from a distance of a few meters away, ensuring she couldn’t flee.</p>

      <p>“If that is your intention, then I will exercise my right to self-defense. I must achieve my goal and return no matter what,” Celia protested with a nervous look.</p>

      <p>“Bwa ha ha ha! Dumb girl. You’re so scared, your voice and feet are both trembling. I’d like to see you try.” Duke Arbor laughed at Celia as though he could see right through her.</p>

      <p>“...” Celia trembled from head to toe. She was truly scared. There was no way she wouldn’t be. She was in a real battle, all by herself. Her opponents were all career soldiers with bigger bodies and more war experience, and they had her surrounded.</p>

      <p><em>Calm down. Calm down, me...</em></p>

      <p>She had already decided. She wouldn’t rely on Rio and Aishia to fight for her anymore. She would fight in their place, so that they didn’t have to. After all, she didn’t want them to lose their memories. She wanted Rio, Aishia, and now Sora to remember them all.</p>

      <p><em>Today, here and now, I will prove that I can fight alone!</em></p>

      <p>She wouldn’t let herself be a hindrance, someone who had to be protected, anymore. She hadn’t let Aishia follow her here either. She was going to discard her dependence on other people to protect her. For Celia, this was her first time truly fighting alone.</p>

      <p>“<em>Assumo: Gladius.</em>”</p>

      <p>“...Hmm?” Duke Arbor and the majority of the others there tilted their heads. The spell Celia had suddenly cast was unfamiliar to all of them, with the exception of Reiss.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t tell me... Is that...?</em></p>

      <p>Reiss, who had been watching the skies for an ambush for some time now, returned his gaze to the ground with a gasp when he heard Celia’s spell. He focused his attention on what was going on in front of him just in time to see a complex magic circle surround Celia’s body.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, what are you doing?! Seize her before she tries anything funny!” Duke Arbor ordered his knights in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“R-Right away!”</p>

      <p>Their confidence in capturing a small woman like Celia had caused the knights to let their guards down. They quickly started running towards her, but Celia ran towards one of the knights approaching her, closing the distance to him in an instant.</p>

      <p>“Hah!”</p>

      <p>She then grabbed him and threw him with ease, stealing the sword at his waist and claiming it for herself. However, the knight had only been equipped with a wooden training sword in order to apprehend her. Nevertheless, Celia had obtained a weapon.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!” Tension filled the knights’ faces in an instant.</p>

      <p>“<em>Si vis pacem, para bellum</em>.”<em> </em>Celia cast another new spell. Another complex magic circle covered her body. It was a spell impossible to mimic with modern magic and sorcery, a spell that cast a powerful physical body enhancement that was normally only obtainable through ancient enchanted swords.</p>

      <p>“<em>Augendae Corporis.</em>” The knights reacted quickly to her. As soon as they saw her movements, they used their magic to enhance their physical abilities. They accelerated as soon as the spell activated and approached Celia to seize her.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>