<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 8: Celia’s Battle</h1>

      <p>Three days had passed since the investigation into the heroes’ powers. It was the afternoon, and Celia had been summoned by Galarc’s King Francois and the Restoration’s leader Christina. It was apparently over something important involving the Restoration.</p>

      <p>“Father, I have brought Lady Celia.”</p>

      <p>“Celia Claire at your service.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte was the one to bring Celia to Francois’s office.</p>

      <p>“You may enter.”</p>

      <p>“Pardon the intrusion.”</p>

      <p>With Francois’s permission, Celia and Charlotte entered the room. Christina and Duke Huguenot were already present.</p>

      <p><em>I wonder what this is about... </em>Celia questioned why she was summoned here, with the leaders of both groups. Her suspicions only grew at the gloomy expression on Christina’s face. “Have a seat first.”</p>

      <p>“Excuse me.” Celia sat beside Duke Huguenot, across from Francois and Christina.</p>

      <p>“A letter arrived from the Beltrum Kingdom,” Francois said to her, immediately cutting to the chase.</p>

      <p>“Regarding...?”</p>

      <p>“See for yourself.”</p>

      <p>“If you don’t mind.” Celia picked up the letter on the table and read it. “This is...”</p>

      <p>In short, the letter was both an objection to the Galarc Kingdom’s actions and a demand for the Restoration’s surrender.</p>

      <p>First, the Galarc Kingdom was to cease its provision of shelter to the remnants of the Restoration, and the Restoration was to immediately dissolve and surrender. Christina, Flora, and Duke Huguenot were to be handed over, and the regalia Christina had taken had to be returned as well.</p>

      <p>Second, the Galarc Kingdom’s continued furnishment of refuge to the Restoration and refusal of the regalia’s return could potentially trigger an immediate war. A lack of response would also be grounds for an outbreak of war.</p>

      <p>Third, the written response of the Galarc Kingdom and Restoration was to be personally delivered by Celia of the Claire family. No guards or escorts were to accompany her. She was to bring the letter to a checkpoint near the border, after which an envoy of the Beltrum Kingdom would act as her guide.</p>

      <p>Fourth, the time limit for a response was one week, and the letter was to be delivered to a fort near the border between Galarc and Beltrum.</p>

      <p>Fifth, if Celia failed to deliver the letter within the time limit, the role of the Claire family as neutral messengers would be voided. The Beltrum Kingdom would no longer guarantee the safety of anyone associated with the Claire family.</p>

      <p>These were the selfish and one-sided demands contained in the letter.</p>

      <p>“I have finished reading,” Celia said, gently returning the letter to the table.</p>

      <p>“As we expected, they’ve decided to make a bold move now that the Restoration has lost their base and most of their personnel.”</p>

      <p>Francois seemed to have expected such demands already. He sighed heavily, a grim expression on his face.</p>

      <p>But Celia showed no objection to the letter, accepting them readily. “I agree to the terms. All I need to do is bring the written response to the designated location, right?”</p>

      <p>“P-Please wait a minute!” Christina called for a halt in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“This may be a trap,” she emphasized in a sharp tone.</p>

      <p>“That’s true... But there’s no proof of that. And the other side has designated me by name, so there is no option other than to go.”</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>“If we ignore this letter, my father will be killed in Beltrum. I cannot let him die like that. I apologize for bringing my personal feelings into this,” Celia admitted, bowing her head apologetically.</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing you need to apologize for, Professor...”</p>

      <p>“The Galarc Kingdom would also be troubled if I refused to fulfill my duty,” Celia added resolutely.</p>

      <p>“We are prepared to send a different messenger...” Francois suggested.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. It may be naive of me to think this way as a noble, but I do not wish to stand by as my father is killed,” Celia said, rejecting his offer.</p>

      <p>“I see... In that case, I will not stop you.”</p>

      <p>“I... I could go in your place, Professor...” Christina said with a pale expression.</p>

      <p>“That would be exactly what Duke Arbor wants! The Restoration will be over if Your Highness is captured. And you’d be setting a terrible image to members of the organization if you went in order to cover for me. Please think of the organization first, Princess Christina,” Celia admonished in a firm tone.</p>

      <p>“Forgive me. If only I hadn’t formed that agreement with the Beltrum Kingdom... I never imagined the conditions intended to protect you and your family would backfire like this.”</p>

      <p>Christina lowered her head.</p>

      <p>It was the role of a leader to suppress their emotions and think only of the organization. They should only think and act for the benefit of the organization as a whole. Christina was well aware of this—there was no way someone as intelligent as her wouldn’t.</p>

      <p>However, her emotions didn’t agree. She just couldn’t agree to handing her former teacher over to Duke Arbor without any resistance.</p>

      <p>But nevertheless, Christina was currently in a position where she had to swallow her emotions.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry...”</p>

      <p>She could only apologize to Celia in shame. There was nothing more vexing than being unable to protect those dear to her.</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina. Someone of your caliber shouldn’t be apologizing to anyone. Won’t you please lend an ear to my words? Please, I beg of you.” Celia bowed her head.</p>

      <p>“P-Professor, there’s no need for that...” Christina tried to stop her in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Please allow me, Celia Claire, to deliver the reply from the Restoration and Galarc Kingdom to Duke Arbor. I will read the letter in front of the duke and convey your intentions clearly. On top of that, I vow to return safely. So please, entrust this role to me. If you believe in me, please, let me do this.”</p>

      <p>Celia firmly declared her intention to fulfill the duty of delivering the response. She continued to lower her head before Christina, begging her to entrust the position to her.</p>

      <p>“Please raise your head, Professor...”</p>

      <p>“If you agree to let me deliver the reply to Duke Arbor, then gladly.”</p>

      <p>“You’re sure of this...?” Christina said with a weakened expression.</p>

      <p>“My father is in the middle of returning to Beltrum to fulfill his role. As his daughter, I cannot abandon my duty either. So please...!” Celia pleaded desperately. Her feelings seemed to reach Christina.</p>

      <p>“I understand... For now, we will focus on what to write in the response. If you haven’t changed your mind by the time we’re done, then...I will entrust this to you, Professor.” Christina placed her trust in Celia and reluctantly agreed.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>After the discussion had ended, Celia made her way back to the mansion with Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“Umm, Princess Charlotte. I have a favor to ask of you,” Celia said to Charlotte, who was walking beside her on the way back.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Lady Celia?”</p>

      <p>“Could you keep quiet about the reply I have to deliver to Duke Arbor?”</p>

      <p>“What am I meant to say to the others if you don’t return?” Charlotte didn’t agree immediately. Instead, she questioned Celia on the potential problems of staying quiet.</p>

      <p>“I will return. No matter what,” Celia replied firmly.</p>

      <p>“That’s not answering my question.”</p>

      <p>“Well, if I told everyone about my situation, they’d all feel really worried for me, no? They’re all so kind, they’d treat the situation as if it were happening to themselves and try to save me.”</p>

      <p>“Of course. If it were within my abilities, I would have tried to offer help too.” Charlotte gave Celia a reproachful look of concern. It was a rare show of blunt emotion from her.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>“Thanking me with such a happy face isn’t going to help your case...”</p>

      <p>“But I can’t help feeling happy.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph...” Charlotte pouted in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“But to answer your question: if I were to leave without saying anything, everyone would probably be really angry at me. They’d wonder why I didn’t tell them—why I didn’t rely on them. And they’d feel even greater sadness,” Celia said with a guilty look.</p>

      <p>“So you do know.”</p>

      <p>“Yes... But you understand me, right Princess Charlotte? This isn’t a matter they can do anything about.”</p>

      <p>“...I won’t deny that.”</p>

      <p>“If they tried to accompany me or protect me from the shadows, the agreement between the Restoration and Beltrum would be voided. I can’t allow that to happen.”</p>

      <p>If the demands this time were a trap by Duke Arbor, his goal would be to capture Celia. If someone came to her immediate rescue like that, the Beltrum side would be able to raise a fuss about bringing guards when told not to.</p>

      <p>“You have admirable loyalty.”</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina and Princess Flora are my former students. It may be discourteous of me to think this way, but I still consider them my students.”</p>

      <p>Celia explained how she felt loyalty to Christina and Flora beyond their status as royalty.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>