<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Sora’s been a big help by teaching me things,” Celia added.</p>

      <p>“Celia shows some promise too,” Sora replied, failing to hide how pleased she was.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. Don’t get ahead of yourself.”</p>

      <p>“Aha ha, I’m glad to see you’re getting along. Now let’s sit down.”</p>

      <p>Like that, the four of them entered the living room. At Rio’s prompting, the group made their way over to the sofa.</p>

      <p>“Come now, Dragon King. You should sit over here!”</p>

      <p>Sora rushed ahead and secured a seat to offer to Rio.</p>

      <p>“Thanks. I guess I’ll sit there, then.” Rio accepted the seat with an amused smile, feeling like he was going along with the whims of a child. Celia made note of his position and immediately moved to take the seat across from him.</p>

      <p><em>I can see Rio’s face clearly from here.</em></p>

      <p>She smiled happily to herself. Meanwhile, Aishia naturally moved to sit beside Rio, but...</p>

      <p>“Wait! Hold it right there, Aishia!” Sora shouted in shock. “What do you think you’re doing, naturally taking the spot beside the Dragon King?! The Dragon King’s side is reserved for his one and only disciple, Sora! Know your place!” she ranted, rebuking Aishia for her actions.</p>

      <p>“I’m Haruto’s one and only contract spirit.”</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t copy Sora! You wanna go at it? Sora will fight you! Let’s take this outside!” Sora bristled and took on a fighting stance, unwilling to give up the spot beside Rio. Her sense of rivalry seemed to have been triggered.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait, there’s no need to fight. This sofa is big enough for three people, so you can each sit on one side of me.” Thankfully, Rio had sat down on a three-seater sofa. Sora was child-sized and Aishia was slender, so there was even enough room for Celia to squeeze in if she wanted. Rio quickly calmed the situation down and sat in the middle of the sofa, making space for Aishia and Sora on each side.</p>

      <p>“...” Celia watched the three of them sit down in silence.</p>

      <p>Aishia and Sora were both clinging tightly to Rio’s arms. The two of them certainly had enough power to claim those spots—both Aishia and Sora were among the strongest people in the world. But that didn’t mean Celia had accepted defeat. She had no intention of losing to them.</p>

      <p><em>Should I have tried to sit beside him as well? No, we’re here to talk tonight. This spot is fine for now. I want Rio to look at me as well.</em></p>

      <p>Since Rio had shifted to the side to make space for Aishia and Sora, Celia shifted so she was directly opposite to him.</p>

      <p>“I see you’ve picked up another awfully unique individual,” she said to Rio, smiling as though she were completely unbothered.</p>

      <p>“So it seems. Things have gotten a lot more lively thanks to her.” Rio glanced at the two at his sides with subtle shyness.</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>“How were things on your end? Is everyone doing well?”</p>

      <p>“Yup... Everyone’s great.”</p>

      <p>Everyone lived as though it was natural not to have Rio around. Rio didn’t exist in their memories. Unable to bear how sad she felt about that, Celia looked down and nodded.</p>

      <p>“That’s good, then,” Rio said, happy about everyone’s state of peace from the bottom of his heart.</p>

      <p>“It’s just... While we were at Rodania, Aki and her brother came to the mansion. Did you tell him about that already?” Celia asked, glancing at Aishia.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’ve heard from Aishia. It doesn’t seem like a problem at present, right? Especially for Miharu and Aki. I heard the two of them made up.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, Miharu and Aki are completely back to normal. Actually, I think Aki’s grown a little more mature now—maybe it’s because she felt guilty towards Miharu, but it seems she’s learned how to maintain an appropriate distance now. She’s not as clingy as she used to be, and she seems much calmer than before. The only problem I can see is in her older brother.”</p>

      <p>“Did Takahisa do something?” Rio asked fearfully.</p>

      <p>“He hasn’t done anything, but...because he’s forgotten about you, he’s forgotten the things that happened in the past...” Celia said hesitantly. “I think he’s in love with Miharu. No—I’m sure of it.”</p>

      <p>She accurately guessed the reason why Takahisa was a potential problem.</p>

      <p>“Really? I mean, I suppose that makes sense.”</p>

      <p>Takahisa had been so obsessed with Miharu, he had treated Rio like an enemy just for being beside her. Rio knew that Takahisa was in love with her, and he couldn’t imagine those feelings would just disappear for no reason.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I can tell by just watching him. But Miharu has no feelings for Takahisa. I know that for sure.”</p>

      <p>Celia stared at Rio as though to point out who exactly it was that Miharu loved.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio didn’t respond. He either had no self-awareness, or didn’t believe it could be his forgotten self.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I believe he could continue to be a potential problem like this,” Celia continued with a weary sigh. “He does seem to have strongly reflected on his actions, so we have no choice but to wait and see for now...”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry my erasure from everyone’s memory has caused you so much stress.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not your fault. Let’s work out a way to get everyone to remember you two soon.”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>Although they hadn’t found a way to do that yet, neither Rio nor Aishia were pessimistic about it. They exchanged looks with each other and nodded firmly.</p>

      <p>“Sora told me about that mask and Miharu’s past life already.”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for saving us at the risk of losing your memories,” Celia said with a saddened expression.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to thank me for that.” Although his memories had been in danger, Rio shook his head gently.</p>

      <p>“But—I don’t want you to lose your precious memories of everyone.” Celia expressed her feelings directly to Rio.</p>

      <p>“I might be one of the people you’ll forget, right? You won’t forget other transcendent ones and their disciples, but I’m neither of those. I’ve finally remembered you, so please don’t forget me...” Celia protested, staring straight into Rio’s eyes.</p>

      <p>“I know. I’m scared of forgetting everyone too.” Rio nodded with a sad smile.</p>

      <p>“That’s why you two need to avoid fighting as much as possible from now on. So that that doesn’t happen.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll do my best...”</p>

      <p>“We’re the ones who have to do our best. Sora said that if we continue relying on you for everything, you’ll use up all your masks in no time at all. I’d like to analyze the mask you gave me to see if it can be replicated. You don’t mind if I keep holding onto it, right?” Celia asked, placing the broken mask down on the table before her. She had brought it with her when leaving the mansion to ask him about it.</p>

      <p>“Of course. Its effect continues until it completely breaks apart, so you should be able to analyze it like this, but let me know if you want one in perfect condition.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll use this cracked one for now. I was planning on analyzing the mask tomorrow, but since I’m here... How about I take a look at it now?”</p>

      <p>“Can you do that?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’ve never used the spell before, but I think it should work.”</p>

      <p>“Then please do.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Okay... <em>Magicae Explicare.</em>” Celia took a breath, then held her hand over the mask, reciting the spell. A complicated spell formula appeared at her fingertips, before proceeding to wrap around the mask.</p>

      <p>Image-wise, it was a rather plain spectacle. Celia had her hand held out to cast the spell, and the spell was wrapped around the mask.</p>

      <p>“Is it really working like that?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. This is amazing... The information is just forcing its way into my head. But it doesn’t mean I can understand it perfectly. I’ll have to focus quite hard...” Celia’s expression was utterly serious.</p>

      <p>“That’s probably the spell Lina’s disciple used! Sora’s seen it before! This might actually be promising!” Sora said with a sparkle in her eyes. However...</p>

      <p>“From the looks of things, the more complicated the formula, the longer the analysis will take. And the one in this mask is extremely complex...”</p>

      <p>Celia had only just begun the analysis, yet there was already a sheen of sweat across her forehead.</p>

      <p>“Sorry... I don’t think I can analyze it like this.”</p>

      <p>Unable to endure the flood of information in her head, Celia canceled the analysis spell.</p>

      <p>“Are you okay?” Rio stood up and made his way over to her.</p>

      <p>“Yup, I’ll be fine. Whew...”</p>

      <p>With a big sigh, Celia gestured for Rio to sit back down on the sofa.</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to strain yourself analyzing the mask. It’s okay if it can’t be replicated.” Rio tried to take the mask on the table out of concern for Celia.</p>

      <p>“Wait. It’s okay.” Celia immediately reached out and placed her hand over Rio’s.</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. I can just analyze it a little at a time. It may take some time though...”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind if it takes time, but...”</p>

      <p>It was an ancient magic artifact created by the Wise Gods in order to escape the rules of the true god. Being able to analyze it at all was amazing enough. What Rio was worried about was the burden on Celia.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine, really. Let me do this.” Celia stared at Rio with determination in her eyes. When Rio’s grip loosened, she quickly snatched up the mask.</p>

      <p>“Make sure you don’t overdo it, no matter what.”</p>

      <p>“Yup, just leave it to me.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you.” Rio bowed his head deeply.</p>

      <p>“That aside, why didn’t you cast the magic silently?” Sora suddenly asked.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Because magic is cast by reciting the spell, no?” Celia tilted her head curiously.</p>

      <p>That was common sense to her. As magic involved the incorporation of spell formulas inside the body, the spellcaster was at constant risk of misfiring the spells inside them. The action of reciting the spell name was a safeguard against that.</p>

      <p>“That’s a safety measure for ordinary folk, no? Someone who can analyze a Wise God’s artifact, who’s gained the characteristics of a Wise God’s disciples, should easily be able to cast magic without reciting the spell,” Sora said, showing how highly she regarded Celia’s capability.</p>

      <p>“But...how do I do that?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Just do what Sora does.” Sora suddenly brought her index finger up to her face, too lazy to explain with words. Then...</p>

      <p>“Hmph...” she hummed in thought. A simple spell formula appeared at her fingertip, and a tiny flame appeared with a cute “poof” sound.</p>

      <p>“W-Wow! That’s amazing!” Celia cried in wonder. Rio was also blinking in surprise.</p>

      <p>“That’s truly, truly amazing, Sora!” Celia clapped her hands.</p>

      <p>“Th-There’s no need to praise Sora so much. Tch,” Sora grumbled happily.</p>

      <p>“How are you doing that, Sora? And how come you use magic instead of spirit arts?”</p>

      <p>“Sora uses spirit arts, so she can’t use magic. The trick to this is simple: Sora imagined this spell formula in her head and made it appear. That’s all. The key is to put the instructions for the phenomenon you want to occur in the spell formula.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see. So you draw the spell formula with spirit arts, then let the magic activate?” As one would expect of a genius sorcerer, Celia was quick to understand what Sora meant.</p>

      <p>“Something like that!”</p>

      <p>“But doesn’t that mean I can’t do it? I’m a sorcerer, so I can’t use spirit arts with the spells in my body.”</p>

      <p>Sorcerers used their own body as a magic artifact to store spell formulas. In a way, this could be considered a form of artificial body modification. By entrusting the spell formula with the instructions necessary to create a phenomenon, the sorcery could be activated simply by reciting the spell name.</p>

      <p>However, the price for that was the inability to use spirit arts, which allowed the spellcaster to alter the phenomenon however they imagined. Or least, it should have been...</p>

      <p>“But there are two spirit arts that a sorcerer can use: the depiction and manipulation of a spell formula.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. The depiction and manipulation...”</p>

      <p>The things Sora was saying were new not only to Celia, but to Rio and Aishia as well. They listened with their eyes widened in interest.</p>

      <p>“It’s different from making letters and words appear as light, you know? When activating magic and sorcery, the spell formula that appears as light is referred to as the depiction of a spell formula. Overwriting that depicted formula is referred to as manipulation.”</p>

      <p>“Wow.” Celia listened to Sora’s explanation intently, her intellectual curiosity piqued.</p>

      <p>“But if you asked Lina, she’d probably say it isn’t technically spirit arts.”</p>

      <p>“Because it isn’t technically spirit arts, sorcerers can use it as well. Is that what you mean? I can understand the logic, but why isn’t it considered spirit arts?” Celia tilted her head in thought, recalling the light that appeared when activating sorcery and magic.</p>

      <p>Spell formulas took the shape of geometric patterns of letters and symbols. The way casters used their magic essence to make light depict a spell formula was no different from how casters used spirit arts to make a phenomenon occur as they imagined.</p>

      <p>“She said something about how a spell formula is the equation to seek a solution for the phenomenon, and not the phenomenon itself. It was pretty complicated...”</p>

      <p>Sora looked back on her memories of that time, repeating Lina’s words hesitantly. Frankly speaking, this explanation was somewhat lacking when it came to Celia’s question, but—</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Celia seemed to understand what she meant and hummed in interest.</p>

      <p>“It’s also activated differently from regular spirit arts. Regular spirit arts can be activated by releasing a vague idea along with your magic essence and letting the mana interpret the intended phenomenon, but the depiction of a spell formula cannot be vague. You have to memorize the entire spell formula and store its shape clearly in your brain in order to depict it.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Isn’t that really difficult? It sounds like it’d be easier for people who can use spirit arts to directly create the phenomenon... And faster for sorcerers to just recite the spell they want to use...” Celia said, pointing out the fatal flaw to the depiction of spell formulas. The higher the grade of sorcery, the more complex the spell formulas were. The spell formula for creating a simple flame would be much less intricate than those of attack magic.</p>

      <p>If the spell formula had to be accurately memorized, then there was barely any practical use to it—that’s what Celia thought.</p>

      <p>“Exactly. It’s stupidly troublesome. What Sora created before could be made in an instant with spirit arts. No one normally bothers with such a pointless thing.”</p>

      <p>Sora readily agreed with the disadvantage Celia pointed out.</p>

      <p>“Th-Then what’s the use of it...?” Celia asked, somewhat disappointed.</p>

      <p>“It’s a different case when it comes to the Wise Gods and their disciples. They’re mind monsters capable of simultaneous processing and thought acceleration. Higher-grade magic spells are easier to cast with recitation, but regular magic is faster to cast silently. That’s why if you’re really Lina’s disciple... You might have obtained that characteristic as well,” Sora said, staring at Celia.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>“I’ve tried writing words with spirit arts before. I did it to test whether I could draw a spell formula as though I were painting a picture, but it seems to require a different approach.” Having listened to everything until now, Rio offered his own past experience for comparison.</p>

      <p>“As expected of the Dragon King! While simple spell formulas can be drawn with the finger as you just described, the depiction Sora spoke of is indeed different. The spell formula instantly appears out of nowhere, so it’s different from drawing with a brush.”</p>

      <p>“If there’s a magic or sorcery we know the spell formula of, maybe we could try it now?” Celia suggested nervously.</p>

      <p>“You could!” Sora agreed.</p>

      <p>Thus, they began making an attempt at depicting their spell formulas.</p>

      <p>“This is pretty hard...” Rio held the index finger of his right hand before his face and glared into empty space. He was imagining a spell formula appearing at his fingertip, but nothing was happening.</p>

      <p>Beside him, Aishia was similarly glaring into space. “It feels like something’s about to activate.”</p>

      <p>“Right. It’d be easier if I were just making letters appear...”</p>

      <p>He attempted to make letters appear and received an instant response. There was definitely something different from activating regular spirit arts.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... It does feel different from when I attempt regular spirit arts. This one feels like something even I could do.”</p>

      <p>As stated earlier, sorcerers like Celia were unable to use spirit arts. Rio had taught her the technique required for using spirit arts before, so she had the knowledge of how to use them, but the spell formulas inside her body prevented their activation. The instructions to create a phenomenon couldn’t be conveyed to mana, the natural energy of the world.</p>

      <p>“He he he. It took Sora a bit of time to learn this as well! But just a bit!”<em> </em>Sora seemed pleased to be given an opportunity to teach Rio something.</p>

      <p>“Since I can feel some kind of reaction, I shouldn’t be too far off the mark for the process of depiction. All that’s left is...” Celia had entered her academic mode and was busy muttering away to herself.</p>

      <p>“Well, you’ll get the hang of it eventually. What’s most important is to accurately recall the shape of the spell formula, as Sora said earlier...”</p>

      <p>Having enjoyed everyone’s reactions to the fullest, Sora felt it was about time she gave some more advice. She opened her mouth with that in mind, when—</p>

      <p>“Oh, I did it.” Celia succeeded in making a spell formula appear silently. The spell she was testing was magic for a small source of light which floated lightly in the air.</p>

      <p>“And that’s why they call you a genius.”</p>

      <p>“That’s amazing, Celia.”</p>

      <p>Rio complimented Celia with a look of wonder while Aishia complimented her honestly.</p>

      <p>“Wha?! That’s impossible! Even Sora couldn’t do it without more hints!” Sora yelped in shock.</p>

      <p>“Is there a trick to it besides memorizing the entire spell formula?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Memorizing the shape of the formula is important, but it feels very inefficient if you don’t understand the meaning of the shape. Perhaps a deeper understanding of magic or sorcery is better? I tried to remember the feeling of casting the actual magic to create this light source and it just worked.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>“It may be harder for us to understand the feeling of using magic, since we can only use spirit arts.”</p>

      <p>Rio and Aishia listened to Celia’s explanation. Her theoretical way of thinking and genius mind had probably helped her grasp what she had to do quickly.</p>

      <p>“S-Sora was just about to teach you that, Dragon King! The trick to understanding the spell formula goes like this... Umm...” Sora hurriedly tried to take the credit for teaching them.</p>

      <p>“You know how spirit arts casters can understand and imitate the sorcery in a magic artifact by touching the artifact and reading the flow of magic essence? Perhaps you could use that feeling as a reference,” Celia added in explanation.</p>

      <p>“S-Sora was going to say that later! Read the room! Just because you learned to do it a little quickly doesn’t give you the right to be cocky about it!” Sora lashed out with tears in her eyes.</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry. I just thought this was easier to understand as a sorcerer than a spirit arts caster. It was fun to think about.” Celia soothed Sora with a confused look.</p>

      <p>“There there, Sora. Aishia and I still don’t know how to do it, so can you teach us?”</p>

      <p>Placated by Rio’s words, Sora nodded happily. “O-Of course!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll try drawing out a few sorcery spells with simple formulas on paper.” With a sigh of relief, Celia stood up to fetch a pen and paper.</p>

      <p>Drawing a spell formula on paper with regular ink wouldn’t activate the sorcery as long as no magic essence was supplied as fuel. It was the perfect way to practice getting a feel for things.</p>

      <p>And so, Rio and Aishia sent their essence into the formula Celia drew to confirm how it should feel. Rio used to use this method to increase the spirit arts he could use when he was in the Royal Academy, so he was quick on the uptake. Aishia had exceptional talent when it came to spirit arts, so she didn’t struggle either.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. Now that I can do it, I see what Sora meant earlier. It’s far easier to just activate spirit arts. Having to use a different method of activation makes it hard to pull off quickly, and memorizing each spell formula one by one would be inefficient for Aishia and me. What are your thoughts, Celia?” Rio reached the conclusion that he probably wouldn’t use this again in the future, so he turned to Celia for her opinion.</p>

      <p>“It’s pretty easy for me to use; I like it. I’ll have to try it out a bit more, but I think it’d be faster for me to use silent casting up to intermediate-grade magic or so. It’d be nice to instantly cast magic without reciting the spell name like with spirit arts.” As a sorcerer, she felt a certain admiration towards spirit arts. Celia smiled happily at the new power she had gained.</p>

      <p>“Lina was able to cast difficult spells silently, so you should do your best too, Celia,” Sora said, encouraging her with a hint of embarrassment.</p>

      <p>Celia’s eyes widened. “Oh my, thank you. And thank you for saying my name,” she thanked her cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“S-Sora just felt like it. The Dragon King will be troubled if you don’t.”</p>

      <p>Sora turned away, showing Celia her round cheek.</p>

      <p>“I’ll have to work extra hard then. He he.” With an elegant smile, Celia clenched her fists, looking motivated.</p>

      <p>“Sora will stay in the mansion for a few more days like this. Please continue teaching Celia during that time, Sora.”</p>

      <p>“Of course!” Sora replied energetically.</p>

      <p>“Have you decided what to do after those few days?” Celia asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes. There might be something else that can be done about the rules of god besides the mask. I’m thinking of going on a journey to find more hints about Lina. It might take a few weeks.”</p>

      <p>“I see. I’ll have to analyze what I can in that time.” Celia was sad and uneasy to be separated from Rio in such a situation, but she had just decided not to rely on Rio and Aishia so much.</p>

      <p>“Once Sora leaves the mansion, Aishia will stay back instead.”</p>

      <p>Rio had wondered whom to bring between Aishia and Sora, but there was a high chance of encountering traces of other transcendent ones and their disciples on the journey. Sora was the only one who knew them from when they were around, so he decided it would be best to have her accompany him this time.</p>

      <p>“Really? It’ll be lonely without her around, but it’ll be nice to stay with you again, Aishia.”</p>

      <p>“Yup. I won’t be lonely if I can talk to you too.”</p>

      <p>Celia and Aishia both spoke, then exchanged a look.</p>

      <p>“That means Sora gets to be with the Dragon King again!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’ll be counting on you, Sora.”</p>

      <p>“Of course!” Sora replied, happy enough to start dancing on the spot.</p>

      <p>For the next hour, the four of them enjoyed their time together. The day had started with Rodania being attacked at the crack of dawn, so Celia had to be exhausted by now. Because she couldn’t stay for too long, the time to say goodbye arrived in a flash.</p>

      <p>“Take care. Please bring her back safely, Sora.”</p>

      <p>Rio and Aishia stood at the entrance of the house, seeing Celia and Sora off.</p>

      <p>“Of course! Let’s go, Celia.”</p>

      <p>Sora attempted to pick Celia up, but before she could, Celia walked up to Rio and called out to him with a look of determination.</p>

      <p>“Hey, about the rules of god—I’ll definitely do something about them.”</p>

      <p>“Everyone will regain their memories so that you and Aishia can live with us without any grief. Sora can join us, and we can all live together again,” she said, putting her currently impossible wish into words.</p>

      <p>“Yes... Definitely.”</p>

      <p>“I probably won’t be able to see you off on the day you depart, so I’m going to do it now. Have a safe trip, Rio,” Celia said, hugging Rio tightly.</p>

      <p>“Hmph...” Sora took a step forward to separate her from Rio, but she seemed to change her mind after seeing Celia cling to him.</p>

      <p>“Tch... Whatever.” She stopped where she was standing. Aishia approached Sora instead.</p>

      <p>“How admirable of you, Sora.” She gently patted her head.</p>

      <p>“Sh-Shut up. Don’t treat Sora like a child.”</p>

      <p>A pleased look briefly flashed across Sora’s face before she quickly brushed away Aishia’s hand with a blush. She then turned to glare at Celia’s back, puffing up her cheeks.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Celia! How long are you going to cling to the Dragon King for?! We’re leaving!”</p>

      <p>Whether it was to hide her embarrassment or because she had run out of patience, Sora tried to pull Celia off Rio.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>