<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Celia’s Return</h1>

      <p>The same day that Rodania was attacked by the Beltrum Kingdom’s army, in the afternoon, the evacuation airships from the Restoration arrived in the capital of Galarc.</p>

      <p>However, just before the airships landed, someone else arrived at the outskirts of the city—Rio.</p>

      <p>After bidding farewell to Celia and Sora on the airship, he had headed for the capital city, Galtuuk, ahead of them. Then, he landed in the forest away from civilization, right beside a spring.</p>

      <p><em>It should be around here... By that tree.</em></p>

      <p>Rio approached a particular tree and stuck his hand in a hole. He took out the mask that could shoulder the penalty of the rules of god hidden inside.</p>

      <p>He had left this mask here for Aishia’s sake. She couldn’t wear a mask in her spirit form, so he had left it out here. He had ordered her to use this mask if something happened while they were apart, but there was no sign of the mask’s being used—meaning nothing had happened.</p>

      <p>“Haruto.”</p>

      <p>Just then, Aishia materialized beside Rio. Their souls were tied together through their contract, so she had sensed him once he had come close enough to the capital.</p>

      <p>“Aishia. It seems like things were quiet here.”</p>

      <p>“Yup... Nothing major happened. Welcome back.”</p>

      <p>There was a faint pause in her sentence as she recalled how Takahisa and Aki had arrived at the Galarc Castle yesterday.</p>

      <p>“Where’s Sora?” Aishia wondered, looking around for her.</p>

      <p>“She’ll be coming later. The enchanted airship with Celia and the others on board is headed here too. A lot happened—I’ll explain it all, but first... <em>Dissolvo</em>.”</p>

      <p>Rio used the Time-Space Cache and took out the stone house, setting it down beside the spring.</p>

      <p>“Let’s talk inside,” he suggested. There were a few things he had to explain, including how Celia had regained her memories of them.</p>

      <p>“Okay. I have to tell you about what happened here too.”</p>

      <p>Thus, in the time it took for Celia to arrive in Galtuuk, the two discussed what had happened to themselves while the other was absent.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Several minutes later, Rio had finished reporting to Aishia about what had happened in Rodania first.</p>

      <p>“Celia...regained her memories?” Aishia blinked in a rare display of surprise.</p>

      <p>“Even you’re surprised at that, huh? I was shocked too. There wasn’t enough time to talk properly, but I managed to have a quick conversation with her.”</p>

      <p>“Thank goodness...” Aishia smiled in relief.</p>

      <p>“Yeah...” Rio said softly. “Sora’s going to live in the castle with her for the next few days to exchange information with her. I’m also hoping for Sora to get to know the others.”</p>

      <p>“If Sora’s there, everyone will be safe. And if Celia’s there, we don’t have to worry about Sora,” Aishia said. Sora wasn’t the best at interacting with others, so her behavior was a bit of a concern when she was alone.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha. That’s true. Could you go check on them later tonight? I’m sure Celia wants to see you again too.”</p>

      <p>If she wore the mask, she could hide her spirit presence while she was materialized. Even if Sara and the others returned to the mansion, they wouldn’t notice a contract spirit meeting Celia behind their backs. On the off chance they ran into each other, Aishia could pass as a human in front of them.</p>

      <p>“Yup. I want to see Celia too.”</p>

      <p>It probably wasn’t Rio’s imagination that Aishia, who was normally expressionless, looked happier today.</p>

      <p>“So what did you want to discuss, Aishia?”</p>

      <p>“Aki and Takahisa came to the castle,” Aishia reported, this time with a hint of a gloomy expression.</p>

      <p>“I see... How did things go?” Rio’s eyes were wide, but his tone was calm. From Aishia’s reaction, it didn’t seem like he was a major issue in the present situation.</p>

      <p>However, the incident Takahisa had caused in the past flashed through his head, giving him a twinge of uneasiness. And there was Aki to worry about as well. Rio had noticed that the rift between Miharu and Aki had to do with Amakawa Haruto’s existence.</p>

      <p>But he didn’t know what he could do about it. While he possessed Amakawa Haruto’s memories, he didn’t live as Amakawa Haruto. He couldn’t mediate between the two of them, which made him feel helpless and apologetic. A gloomy cloud constantly hung over him.</p>

      <p>“The two of them have reflected and apologized to Miharu and the others. Miharu and Aki have made up properly.”</p>

      <p>“That’s good to hear,” Rio replied. While he didn’t doubt Aishia’s words, he found it hard to believe without seeing it with his own eyes.</p>

      <p>“Aki will probably be okay now.”</p>

      <p>“Really...?”</p>

      <p>“Yup. I’m sure of it.” Aishia nodded firmly. She had probably watched their exchange in her spirit form.</p>

      <p>“I see...” In the end, Miharu and Aki made up without his having to do anything. No, there was no need for him to do anything in the first place, so this was probably for the best.</p>

      <p>After all, Aki hated Amakawa Haruto. She would have had conflicted feelings towards Rio, who had Amakawa Haruto’s memories. But now that Rio was a transcendent one, Aki had lost her memories of Rio. In other words, she had forgotten that Rio possessed Amakawa Haruto’s memories.</p>

      <p>If that was the trigger for Miharu and Aki to reconcile, then perhaps there had been meaning to his existence being erased. Rio thought that with a somewhat saddened expression on his face.</p>

      <p>But Aishia dispelled his negative thoughts. “Aki has forgotten about Rio, but still remembers Amakawa Haruto. On top of that, she overcame her feelings about him. Even if she remembered you right now, I don’t believe she’d change her answer.”</p>

      <p>“You think...?” The apprehension in his chest felt a little lighter. Aishia had probably seen through his thoughts and said that to ease the weight on his heart. Realizing he was no match for her, Rio smiled wryly.</p>

      <p>“They’re going to watch the situation some more in regards to Takahisa.”</p>

      <p>“So it’s not like the fact he tried to kidnap Miharu was erased...”</p>

      <p>While his punishment seemed a little lenient, he was Aki and Masato’s older brother. His sentence had been given with consideration for the two of them. He was also a hero, a figure whose importance was on par with the king of a major kingdom.</p>

      <p>“The effect of losing memories about you seemed bigger on Takahisa. He deeply regrets everything now that he’s forgotten you, but I don’t know how that will affect his actions from here.”</p>

      <p>What if Takahisa suddenly remembered Rio? He could return to his former self. That was Aishia’s implicit analysis.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Unable to completely dismiss his concerns, Rio’s expression was still a little stiff. But it would be unreasonable to punish Takahisa out of fear he would cause new problems now that he had lost his memories and reflected on his actions.</p>

      <p>With his actions restricted by being a transcendent one, there was nothing Rio could do to prevent Takahisa from making a second offense. Which meant...</p>

      <p>“For now, let’s have Celia observe things once she returns to the mansion. If she doesn’t see a problem, then we might not have to do anything.”</p>

      <p>In the end, Rio’s decision was to wait and see.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Roughly half an hour after Rio arrived in Galtuuk, the five escape airships of the Restoration arrived from Rodania, landing on the city lake.</p>

      <p>It was a sudden visit, with no means of giving any warning. The evacuees couldn’t disembark from the ship in droves, so a number of representatives headed for the castle first. They were Christina, Duke Huguenot and Celia’s father Roland, and they were accompanied by the current residents of the castle: Celia, Sara, Orphia, and Alma. Sora was also with them as they all boarded multiple carriages headed for the castle.</p>

      <p>“Okay, so I’ll be going with Princess Christina and the others to greet King Francois once we arrive at the castle.”</p>

      <p>Inside the carriage with Celia, Sara, Orphia, Alma, and Sora, Celia decided to move separately to the others.</p>

      <p>“Yup. We’ll head back to the mansion first and explain things to everyone.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you.”</p>

      <p>“What about her?” Sara asked, looking at Sora. She was wondering whether Sora would be heading with them to the mansion, or to the meeting with Celia.</p>

      <p>“What do you want to do, Sora? You can wait at the mansion first,” Celia asked, looking at the quiet Sora beside her.</p>

      <p>“Wha—! You expect Sora to go somewhere full of strangers alone?!” Sora said, clearly reluctant about that idea.</p>

      <p>“You won’t be alone, Sara and the others will be with you... Or are you shy around strangers, Sora?”</p>

      <p>“S-Sora just doesn’t like being surrounded by strangers who force her to talk. Disliking crowds isn’t the same as being shy. The Dragon King entrusted Sora to you, so look after Sora until the end!”</p>

      <p>Although she said that, Sora had been living alone in the mountains for over a thousand years. She would never admit it herself, but it was clear that she was shy about meeting new people. That made her seem as childish as her appearance implied.</p>

      <p>“It seems she’s completely attached to you,” Orphia said with a smile.</p>

      <p>“You think so...?” Celia tilted her head awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s not true!” Sora immediately protested.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, children do start acting rebellious around that age.” Alma chuckled.</p>

      <p>“Oh? You mean just like you, Alma?”</p>

      <p>“I-I was always obedient.” Alma pouted at Sara’s teasing.</p>

      <p>“Sora’s obedient too!” She puffed up her cheeks in protest.</p>

      <p>“Of course you are. Well, you can come with me to the castle, but you’ll have to wait in another room during the meeting. You’re not allowed to wander around the castle by yourself, got it?”</p>

      <p>Celia warned her as though she was speaking to a young child.</p>

      <p>“Sora knows that! Who do you take Sora for?!” Her energetic voice echoed throughout the carriage.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Despite the sudden visit, Francois promptly agreed to an urgent audience with Christina and the others. That was how severe the situation was. Christina, Flora, Duke Gustav Huguenot, Count Roland Claire, Celia, Hiroaki, and Roanna were all in attendance. Sora was waiting in another room nearby.</p>

      <p>As soon as the meeting started, Christina gave a brief summary of the events until now.</p>

      <p>“I never expected Rodania to fall...” King Francois of Galarc hummed with a grave look.</p>

      <p>“They must have aimed for the moment we relaxed after the signing of the agreement.” Christina frowned.</p>

      <p>“Even so, it seems far too hasty and high-handed. They must have had an objective they wanted to fulfill no matter what...” Francois said, looking at Christina meaningfully.</p>

      <p>“The item was brought out safely,” Christina replied, accurately interpreting his question.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>“It was certainly a high-handed move to attack a highly defended fortress city, but that just shows how much they believed they could win over us. The power of the hero on their side was strong enough to guarantee their victory...”</p>

      <p>“You mentioned how the ice hero’s attacks had you cornered...”</p>

      <p>“In a single move, the ice hero froze the Aerial Knights protecting Rodania. Hundreds of knights spread across the sky were annihilated instantly,” Christina said, emphasizing Renji’s strength.</p>

      <p>“How powerful...”</p>

      <p>“I’ve never seen such a disastrous wide-ranged attack. If it had been used on the ground, it would have taken out an army of a thousand soldiers.”</p>

      <p>The highest level of attack magic, intended for wide-ranged annihilation, could eradicate a maximum of two to three hundred people in a densely packed area. According to Christina, the attack Renji showed in Rodania was easily several times that scale...potentially ten times or more.</p>

      <p>“So the hero’s power was as the legends implied... Hmm... Hmm?” Francois tilted his head with a skeptical look. He felt a sudden sense of déjà vu. He knew that heroes were powerful, but it felt like something similar had happened before.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter?” Christina asked, watching Francois’s expression curiously. The sense of déjà vu quickly vanished.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s nothing. There was something else I wanted to ask about—Sir Hiroaki,” Francois addressed Hiroaki with a concerned sigh.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“Are you capable of manipulating an attack of such a scale?”</p>

      <p>“Who knows... The attack that punk used covered the entire sky. Roanna said my max-output Yamata no Orochi was stronger than the highest level of attack magic, but whether it could cover the entire sky or not is another matter...”</p>

      <p>It was most likely impossible for Hiroaki. He didn’t want to admit that out loud out of vexation, but his expression clearly spelled the truth.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Francois hummed in thought.</p>

      <p>“However, the water dragon that appeared on the Rodania lake while we were departing was on par with the ice hero’s attack. Doesn’t that mean Sir Hiroaki has the potential to use attacks of the same scale?” Duke Huguenot stated, presenting his theory based on the assumption that Hiroaki was responsible for the eight-headed serpent that appeared at Rodania.</p>

      <p>“Maybe, but it means nothing because I was knocked out. I can try to do it again, but...”</p>

      <p>The last time he had brought out Yamata no Orochi, he had been fairly serious already. He didn’t think he could create one several times that scale.</p>

      <p><em>Rio was the one controlling it...</em></p>

      <p>Only Celia knew the truth. However, no one would understand if she tried to explain it, and it would only complicate matters more. She held her tongue in frustration.</p>

      <p>“Now that things have come to this, we may need to reevaluate the worth of the heroes’ power. We’ll have to loop Lady Satsuki in on things later, but what do you say, Sir Hiroaki? Will you cooperate with tests to measure the extent of your power?”</p>

      <p>“Sure thing. But where can we do that? If you want us to go all out, I wouldn’t recommend the castle grounds.” Hiroaki accepted Francois’s request readily.</p>

      <p>“With power like that, we naturally cannot hold it here. We’ll head outside the capital for any tests. Is that agreeable to you, Princess Christina?”</p>

      <p>“I have no objections.”</p>

      <p>“Then I will arrange things on our end. But the tests should be held as confidentially as possible. Please refrain from spreading word elsewhere.”</p>

      <p>Thus, it was promptly decided that tests would be held to measure the power of the heroes.</p>

      <p><em>To be honest, I have my qualms about this...</em></p>

      <p>Francois sighed wearily as he thought that in his head. He wasn’t enthusiastic about the idea because he knew how people could transform when they obtained huge amounts of power. And as a king, he knew just how a group of people could be abused by someone like that.</p>

      <p>Until now, Francois had avoided using the hero’s power for the military. He didn’t think there was any need for Satsuki to fight—especially since he feared that her personality would change if she gained a power too great for her to handle.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, if Satsuki gained that much power, faction wars could rise around her, forcing her into fighting in wars for them. That could cause the trust that they had built until now to fall apart.</p>

      <p>However, he was no longer able to turn a blind eye to the matter when the threat of the ice hero loomed over the Galarc Kingdom. As the leader of the nation, he had to ensure they had enough deterrent forces to protect the kingdom from attack. It wasn’t the wisest idea to entrust the kingdom’s defense to a single person, but in this situation, Satsuki was the only person capable of the role.</p>

      <p>“Setting aside the matter of the heroes, what does the Restoration intend on doing from here?” Francois asked Christina. He understood that they had fled here because they had nowhere else to go.</p>

      <p>“There are currently a thousand refugees waiting on board our enchanted airships. As long as they are on my side—no, even if I have to proceed alone, I intend on opposing Duke Arbor until the end.”</p>

      <p>In spite of losing their base, Christina fully intended to keep going. There was quiet but firm resolution in her eyes.</p>

      <p>“I see.” Francois could see that there was no swaying her decision.</p>

      <p>“Hence, I wish to swallow my pride to make a request of you.”</p>

      <p>“What is that?”</p>

      <p>“With Rodania captured, we have nowhere to go. Would you grant us a place to fulfill our organization’s activities?” Christina asked, bowing her head deeply. Her request wasn’t something that could be treated lightly.</p>

      <p>Celia, Flora, Roanna, and Duke Huguenot all bowed their heads with her. Celia’s father, Roland, who should have been in a neutral position, did the same. Seeing them eventually prompted Hiroaki to do so as well.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>Francois didn’t answer immediately. Welcoming the remnants of the Restoration into Galarc would result in an inevitable confrontation with the Beltrum Kingdom. It wasn’t a matter he could decide easily as a king.</p>

      <p>“Everyone is either a noble or a highly educated servant. We will all exert ourselves to serve the Galarc Kingdom until the day we return to the Beltrum Kingdom,” Christina pleaded desperately, her head still bowed low. As the First Princess of her nation, she had never had to make such a desperate request before in her life. But she was willing to beg for this request to be heard.</p>

      <p>“Please, if you could kindly consider...” she uttered in a trembling voice.</p>

      <p>If Francois refused, the refugees would have to face the choice of dying honorably by taking their own lives, surrendering to the Beltrum government, fighting a hopeless war against Duke Arbor, or roaming as nomads. There was no guarantee of their safety if they surrendered, and it was clear that each option promised a harsh future.</p>

      <p>“I will arrange accommodations and employment for your people for the time being,” Francois said slowly. Whether he accepted the Restoration or not, confrontation with the Beltrum Kingdom was already inevitable.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much!”</p>

      <p>The heavy air lifted immediately. Christina’s voice nearly cracked with joy as she thanked him. The others bent themselves even lower to convey their gratitude. However...</p>

      <p>“It’s still too early to rejoice. I will only make arrangements for those who remain in the Restoration. Be prepared to face a harsher lifestyle than the one you had in Rodania,” Francois added. He had no intention of protecting anyone who was just there to leech a free meal.</p>

      <p>“Of course, we are fully prepared for that.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, I will allow you a few days to organize yourselves. During that time, you may borrow the guesthouse as a temporary residence. There will be people among your group who will no longer remain of noble status in this nation. Make sure they understand that when they decide whether to remain in the Restoration or not. In the meantime, we will work on the detailed conditions on our end.”</p>

      <p>“I cannot thank you enough for such gracious treatment,” Christina said, bowing her head again.</p>

      <p>“May I say something as well?” Roland asked, raising his hand.</p>

      <p>“Go ahead,” Francois said.</p>

      <p>“I am thinking of returning to the Beltrum Kingdom,” Roland stated calmly. The rest of the party were startled at the idea of returning after they had just evacuated.</p>

      <p>“It wouldn’t hurt to probe into the situation on their side. And I’m the only one who can move around to do that,” Roland said, explaining his reasoning. Of course, he wasn’t going to surrender, and he wasn’t going to double-cross them by abandoning the losing side and joining Beltrum instead.</p>

      <p>Roland was the head of the noble family that was second closest to the royal family after the Fontaines—Roanna’s family—so no one doubted him in that regard.</p>

      <p>“Because of the previous agreement, you mean?” Francois asked with a grim look.</p>

      <p>The agreement he was referring to was the one made between Christina and Duke Arbor about the Restoration and the Beltrum government. In that agreement, the treatment of Count Claire’s family was explicitly stated. That was, in exchange for the Restoration’s return of Charles Arbor, the Beltrum government would guarantee the position and safety of the Count Claire family. The people of Count Claire’s family would also serve as messengers in future communication between Beltrum and the Restoration. But in the current situation, how well was Count Claire’s position protected through that agreement?</p>

      <p>“The other side launched a surprise attack before the conditions of the agreement could be fulfilled. It’s rather questionable whether they’ll keep to the rest of the agreement.”</p>

      <p>Christina was extremely dubious. Roland’s daughter Celia was similarly skeptical. Her expression was plagued with concern.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps so. But as the head of a count family, remaining in Galarc could be seen as abandonment of my neutral position. That’s why I think it’d be best to return shamelessly! Ha ha ha!” Roland laughed heartily.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I shouldn’t remain here either...” Celia said, wondering whether she should return with him.</p>

      <p>“The problem is in the two of us remaining in the same place, Celia. With one of us staying with the Restoration and the other at Beltrum, we can explain ourselves as placing personnel on each side.”</p>

      <p>With King Francois and the other people in their surroundings watching on, Roland refrained from doting on his daughter in his usual tone, but he still spoke to her with a fatherly look.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I could go instead...”</p>

      <p>“You’ve been so engrossed in your research from a young age, you wouldn’t have the connections even if you went, no?”</p>

      <p>“That’s...” Celia couldn’t deny that.</p>

      <p>“I’m the most suitable for the role. There’ll be other things that only you can do too.”</p>

      <p>“Father...”</p>

      <p>“Focus on the things that you can do here in Galarc. Got it?”</p>

      <p>“I understand...”</p>

      <p>“And so, I will be returning to Beltrum. As early as tomorrow morning, if possible. Is that agreeable with you, Your Highness?”</p>

      <p>With the conversation between parent and child over, Roland turned to seek Christina’s approval.</p>

      <p>“Very well...”</p>

      <p>Thus, it was decided that Roland would return to the Beltrum Kingdom alone.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Roughly an hour after the meeting between the Restoration and Francois began, Satsuki and the Galarc group finished receiving an update of events from the spirit folk girls in the mansion dining room.</p>

      <p>The air was heavy with silence. Takahisa had followed Lilianna to the mansion earlier, so they were both present as well.</p>

      <p>Satsuki, Miharu, Aki, Masato, and Takahisa were all born and raised in Japan with no experience of war. Their expressions had been stiff the entire time they listened to Sara speak, and were still stiff now.</p>

      <p>“War is never pleasant,” Gouki said with a sigh, guessing at what they were thinking. “It affects you whether you wish to be a part of it or not. Sometimes it affects you even when you weren’t a part of it. That’s what it feels like, at least.”</p>

      <p>As a veteran warrior who had participated in numerous wars, his words came from real experience.</p>

      <p>“I agree... I never thought Celia and the others would get involved in war.” Satsuki frowned bitterly. She knew that the relationship between Beltrum and the Restoration wasn’t the best, but she hadn’t expected it to develop into actual conflict.</p>

      <p>Her opinion was probably influenced by her peaceful upbringing, but like Gouki had said, it felt like she was now being affected by things too.</p>

      <p>“I’m so relieved you all came back safely... Thank you for returning, Sara, Orphia, Alma.” Latifa rejoiced in their return with an emotional look.</p>

      <p>“Suzune...”</p>

      <p>“Thank you.”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>The three spirit folk girls smiled happily.</p>

      <p>“War is—it’s unforgivable. It shouldn’t happen. The things that happen during war would normally be considered crimes. Killing so many people and forcing submission through sheer strength is absolutely wrong.”</p>

      <p>Takahisa expressed his disdain for war with intense anger in his tone. It was hard to believe this was the same person who had tried to take Miharu to the Centostella Kingdom through sheer force, but pointing that out now would change the matter at hand.</p>

      <p>“Right... I agree with the sentiment against war,” Satsuki said in a calmer tone.</p>

      <p>“Murder is evil. It’s an absolute evil. War that promotes the murder of people is equally evil...” Takahisa muttered to himself. The way he denounced murder and war had surpassed the realms of moral values, bordering on some kind of deep-seated grudge. It was almost as if his mind was possessed by negative thoughts.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter, Sir Takahisa?”</p>

      <p>Lilianna noticed the abnormal reaction and peered at his face from the seat beside him.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Lily...” Takahisa snapped back to his senses.</p>

      <p>“No, I was just wondering why people are capable of starting wars for their own benefit. How can they choose to kill others without hesitation? There has to be something wrong with them if they can find joy in the benefit of killing others. Only the lowest of scum would do such a thing to disturb order. Isn’t that right?”</p>

      <p>He spoke of own sense of justice, expressing his hatred for war.</p>

      <p>“I won’t deny that. However, war will happen regardless. We humans walk upon a bloodstained history, and it’s important that we do not hide. I wonder what it would take to lose all war in this world.”</p>

      <p>Lilianna avoided outright agreement with Takahisa and made reference to the numerous wars mankind had gone through until now. Then, she gave a strained smile.</p>

      <p>“Only people who cannot understand the pain of others create war. They don’t live with enough consideration for others. So many people die during war, yet those who survive laugh without a care once the war ends. It’s foolish,” Takahisa said with a bitter look.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... I do understand what you’re saying, but...it all depends on how you look at it, how you feel about it, and the strength of your heart, I think. And that varies from person to person. It doesn’t have to be war for something painful to happen to someone, and there’s nothing wrong if they try to pick themselves up and return to their daily lives with a smile... You never know if they just look fine on the outside...” Satsuki seemed to have her own opinion on Takahisa’s view. But she struggled to organize her thoughts on the spot and couldn’t find the right words.</p>

      <p>“Is it okay for me to feel happy that Sara and Celia and everyone came back? It should be okay... Right?” Latifa asked with a worried look.</p>

      <p>She was glad that everyone had come back safely. That was the strongest emotion that surged within her. But at the same time, there would have been many people who died in that battle.</p>

      <p>So was she permitted to rejoice in the safe return of her friends, or was it imprudent? After hearing what Takahisa said just now, she started doubting herself.</p>

      <p>“See, that’s why you can’t say that. When the people important to you return alive, you should be allowed to celebrate that. You should be allowed to smile. It’s not like you’re laughing without a care in the world... Jumping to conclusions and calling people imprudent before listening to them is what creates the conflicts in the first place.” Satsuki sighed, still unable to gather her thoughts.</p>

      <p>“I believe you are allowed to celebrate, Lady Suzune, Satsuki,” Gouki stated clearly, dispelling the concerns in Latifa and Satsuki’s hearts.</p>

      <p>“Gouki...”</p>

      <p>“Rejoicing in the return of a friend and grieving for the dead are feelings that can coexist. Feeling relief to see a friend alive doesn’t mean you feel nothing for those who have passed away.”</p>

      <p>Gouki gave his advice as a leader in life, having seen numerous people with similar concerns until now. On top of that—</p>

      <p>“There are those who fought to protect and died, and those who were protected and returned. Thus, those who have died should be hailed for their sacrifice, and those who return should be celebrated. Otherwise those who died won’t be able to rest in peace. At least, that’s my personal view of it,” he concluded.</p>

      <p>“It feels like you explained everything perfectly. Thank you.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki gave him a quiet round of applause in wonder.</p>

      <p>“I’ve merely lived longer than the rest of you. I’ve participated in war and witnessed the end of many at war. I’ve also killed others during battle... But that’s a little too violent to discuss at the dining table. Forgive me.”</p>

      <p>Gouki had a faraway look in his eyes as he spoke, but the slip of the tongue had him scrambling back to his senses.</p>

      <p>“It was also too preachy and long-winded. Please accept my apologies, everyone.” Kayoko sighed in exasperation, bowing her head beside Gouki.</p>

      <p>“Bwa ha ha, that may be true.” Gouki laughed heartily. The exchange of the married couple dispelled the gloomy air in the room.</p>

      <p>“All right. Let’s celebrate Celia’s return when she gets back, Suzune.”</p>

      <p>“Yup!” All traces of hesitation disappeared from Satsuki and Latifa’s expressions.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to make a warm meal tonight... The best one I can!” Miharu announced enthusiastically. She also wanted to celebrate Celia and the spirit folk girls’ return.</p>

      <p>“Oh, then I’ll help out, Miharu,” Orphia immediately offered.</p>

      <p>“But the meal will be to celebrate your return...”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine, I want to do this. Just like always, right?”</p>

      <p>“I see. Okay.” Miharu nodded happily.</p>

      <p>“I’ll help too! Let’s make something together again, Aki. Just like before, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yup. Okay.” Aki also nodded happily at Latifa’s invitation. The other girls also offered to participate one after another, and in the end it was decided that everyone would cook together like usual.</p>

      <p>“This mansion is nice... Everyone’s so warm, like a family. It makes me want to live here forever,” Takahisa murmured with envy. Only Lilianna and Masato, who were seated on either side of him, heard him.</p>

      <p>Just then, a number of people entered the dining room. It was Celia, Roland, and Sora, who had just returned from the meeting at the castle.</p>

      <p>“We’re home... Ah, everyone’s in the dining room like I thought.” Celia spotted the familiar faces gathered in the dining room and relaxed in relief.</p>

      <p>“Welcome home, Celia.” Everyone turned to Celia and called out to her happily.</p>

      <p>“What are you all up to?” For some reason, the air felt a little different from normal. Celia blinked at them blankly.</p>

      <p>“Everyone’s just glad you’re home safe,” Charlotte answered with a giggle.</p>

      <p>Celia smiled softly. “Princess Charlotte... Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>“Good day, Count Claire. I heard about what happened in Rodania. Please make yourselves comfortable tonight. It seems like everyone will be cooking dinner together.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte spoke as though it was already assumed that Roland would stay the night. She had made the arrangements the moment he arrived with Celia.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the consideration...” Roland held a hand against his chest and expressed his deep gratitude.</p>

      <p>“Who’s that, by the way?” Satsuki asked after Sora, who was hiding behind Celia.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s right. We haven’t explained that yet.” Sara suddenly recalled what she had failed to explain. She hadn’t forgotten entirely, but it may have been a symptom of the rules of god in effect.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay, I can do the explaining,” Celia said to Sara. “This is Sora. She was separated from her guardian during the chaos at Rodania and will be in my care for a while. Would it be okay for her to live in this mansion with us? There’s a spare bed in my room, so she can stay with me.” After introducing Sora to everyone, she turned to ask Charlotte for permission. While the official owner of the mansion was Satsuki, decisions like this had to go through Charlotte. Everyone’s gazes focused on Sora.</p>

      <p>“Hmph...” Sora wasn’t used to being the center of attention, so she quickly hid behind Celia. That seemed to stir a protective urge in Satsuki, who got up from her chair and approached Sora. She crouched down and smiled at her from the same eye level.</p>

      <p>“Huh... What a cute child. I’m Satsuki. It’s nice to meet you, Sora.”</p>

      <p>“She’s adorable! I’m Suzune, by the way!”</p>

      <p>“And I’m Komomo!”</p>

      <p>The youngest two took the initiative to stand up from their seats and gather around Sora. The others were also drawn into getting up and formed a circle surrounding them. Everyone stared at Sora’s adorable childlike appearance with fond looks.</p>

      <p>“Oh...?” Gouki and the adults from Yagumo were wide-eyed with curiosity. Sora’s name sounded like a name from their homeland, and the clothes she wore were also similar to those worn in the Yagumo region.</p>

      <p>“Argh, how suffocating! Get away, get away! Stop looking at Sora! Shoo!”</p>

      <p>“H-Hey...” Sora grabbed Celia and used her as a shield to keep her distance from those drawing near her.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay, there’s no need to be afraid,” Latifa said. She stuck her head around Celia and tried to peer at Sora’s face with Komomo.</p>

      <p>“Hssh!” Sora hissed at them like a wary cat.</p>

      <p>“So cute!”</p>

      <p>It seemed like Sora had won over everyone’s hearts.</p>

      <p>“As you can see, she’s got a bit of a sharp tongue... But she’s a good person, so please give her some leniency. Go on, you have to greet everyone properly too.” Celia bowed her head, then made Sora stand beside her.</p>

      <p>“Hmph... Please take care of Sora.” Sora bowed reluctantly.</p>

      <p>Satsuki immediately turned to Charlotte. “Let’s take her in, Char.”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine with me. This mansion is Lady Celia’s home too,” Charlotte agreed readily.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.” Celia gently pushed Sora’s back and made her bow her head with her.</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, is Ayase Miharu among this group?” Sora asked, looking around the room. She had just remembered that Ayase Miharu was the reincarnation of the Seven Wise God Lina.</p>

      <p>“Umm, that would be me...” Miharu raised her hand curiously. She had yet to introduce herself, yet she had been called out by name. Sora marched straight up to her.</p>

      <p><em>This woman is Lina’s reincarnation.</em></p>

      <p>Sora menacingly glared up at Miharu’s face from close up, but because of her young and adorable appearance, there was no power behind the gesture.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>