<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Each breath was aimed to miss the ships by a hair’s breadth, but the personnel aboard the Beltrum fleet’s ships were dumbfounded by the events, which surpassed their human understanding. After some delay, fear clutched at their hearts.</p>

      <p>“T-Turn the rudder! Back up and retreat! Send the signal flares!” the captain of the flagship ordered without waiting for Duke Arbor’s directions.</p>

      <p>“R-Retreat! Back up the ships and retreat!”</p>

      <p>The crew member in charge of transmission repeated his words in confusion. The others on the ship also began to move while panicking. Everyone understood at an instinctual level that they could not win here.</p>

      <p>Thus, the Beltrum fleet began their swift retreat.</p>

      <p>“...” Not even Duke Arbor had anything to say about the decisions being made without his approval. He agreed with the judgment, and above all he felt fear for his own life at that moment.</p>

      <p>However, the more they distanced themselves from the Yamata no Orochi, the more feelings of regret rose within him. They had been one step away from capturing Christina. Yet something had obstructed them like a divine intervention.</p>

      <p><em>Outrageous. I was so close... She was almost within my grasp, yet...</em></p>

      <p>Regret gradually changed to rage.</p>

      <p>“Damn it!”</p>

      <p>Duke Arbor slammed his dominant hand down against the desk of the pilothouse. In the meantime, the airships with Christina and the others on board continued accelerating into the air and left the lake.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>In the noble district of Rodania...</p>

      <p>“My, my, he sure is going out with a bang.”</p>

      <p>From a plateau with a clear view, Reiss was watching the Restoration’s evacuation ships leave. Lucci and Arein stood beside him. Renji was still unconscious and being carried by Lucci, who had a larger frame.</p>

      <p>“Is it okay for us to just watch on like this?” Arein asked, watching for Reiss’s reaction.</p>

      <p>“Yes, he’s clearly an opponent beyond our means. There’s nothing we can do. It’s like going up against a natural disaster,” Reiss answered in a delighted tone.</p>

      <p>“I suppose that makes sense. Just who is the guy behind this...”</p>

      <p><em>There’s only one possibility for that, but you two have forgotten him.</em></p>

      <p>Reiss looked up at the sky where Rio was hiding and twisted his mouth in a smirk.</p>

      <p>“It’s possible that the water hero was cornered into awakening. Renji will be able to do that much if he’s ever cornered,” he said to Arein.</p>

      <p>“Heroes really are crazy, huh?”</p>

      <p>Arein glanced at the unconscious Renji. There was a twinge of apprehension in his face. It was reassuring to have him as an ally, but it wasn’t so fun to imagine him as an enemy.</p>

      <p>“He is an important fighting asset of ours. Treat him with courtesy.”</p>

      <p>“Roger that...” Arein grumbled.</p>

      <p>Lucci adjusted his grip on Renji with a reluctantly accepting look. “Hah, what a troublesome brat.”</p>

      <p>Seeing their reactions, Reiss looked back up at the sky where Rio lurked and smirked.</p>

      <p><em>That mask shouldn’t be easy to replicate. Now that I know he won’t overlook the predicament of his former comrades, our course for the future is decided.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>In the sky above the lake, Rio and Sora hovered side by side. Rio was controlling the Yamata no Orochi while watching the Beltrum army’s fleet retreat.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha! Take that! This is the Dragon King’s true power!” Sora boasted triumphantly, puffing out her chest.</p>

      <p>“I hope the enemy will lose their will to fight with this...”</p>

      <p>“Of course they will! They ran with their tails between their legs!”</p>

      <p>“I was hoping they’d withdraw their ships without a fight if I intimidated them, so I’m glad it worked out well.”</p>

      <p>Yamata no Orochi was visually impressive, so it was the perfect move for intimidation. Having seen it once before made it easier to construct with his imagination, and the lake gave him a geographical advantage for the manipulation of water.</p>

      <p>“Yes! The Dragon King came up with such a wonderful design! So gallant! So sublime! Sora is certain that the resemblance to a dragon isn’t just her imagination!”</p>

      <p>“I actually imitated someone else’s move. But thanks... Aha ha...”</p>

      <p>Sora kept complimenting Rio with such rapt attention that he ended up thanking her with a slightly guilty look.</p>

      <p>“Wow! The person who originally cast that certainly has great taste, then!”</p>

      <p>“The person in question is on board that ship right now. That’s why I was hoping it would look like he was the one who cast it,” Rio said, glancing at the enchanted airship with Hiroaki and the others on board.</p>

      <p>“Oooh!” Sora’s eyes sparkled as she looked up at Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What?”</p>

      <p>“Were you thinking that far ahead when you used that move?!”</p>

      <p>“Err, what do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“You wanted to weaken the penalty of the rules of god by making people believe that someone else did it, right? You even moved out of view to avoid being seen...”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. I figured that if I was going to intervene, doing so without drawing attention would infringe the rules less.”</p>

      <p>“In order to reduce the consumption of the mask, right?!”</p>

      <p>Rio nodded hesitantly, startled by Sora’s energy. “Yeah... I don’t know how effective it was, but it seemed better than doing nothing.”</p>

      <p>“Sora believes it had an effect!” Sora beamed in approval.</p>

      <p>First of all, the mask Rio was wearing existed to shoulder the penalty of violating the rules of god: specifically, the penalty of the second rule, where the transcendent one lost their memories of the people they tried to support the interests of.</p>

      <p>However, it also had an effect on the other rules as well. That meant that even without assisting someone, the mask could end up bearing the burden of another rule that was being applied to the transcendent one.</p>

      <p>For example, the rule that the transcendent ones have difficulty remaining in the memory of others. They could make direct contact and hold a conversation with people, but the memory of the transcendent one would quickly fade from that person.</p>

      <p>But what would happen if the transcendent one did something that would purposefully draw attention and leave a lasting memory? That would be equivalent to opposing the rule that god had decided. The rule was strictly made for the transcendent ones to be inconspicuous, so leaving an impression was considered an act of defiance.</p>

      <p>This was why the transcendent ones avoided interacting with the world when they weren’t out fulfilling their duties. Instead of standing before other people, they would send their disciples to act on their behalf as much as possible.</p>

      <p>And so, there were negative consequences when the transcendent one failed to do this. First, the person who had their memory erased would bear the burden. If they sensed something odd about the missing memory and forced themselves to recall it, they would suffer an agonizing headache.</p>

      <p>Secondly, it was unclear what kind of penalty occurred to the transcendent one, but it was definitely a factor in the burden the mask had to bear. This was something that Sora had told him.</p>

      <p>Thus, intervening with the conflict between mankind like this—and standing out while doing so—had the danger of causing two layers of burden on the mask.</p>

      <p>And so, Rio had to plan around drawing attention while he fought. He had used Yamata no Orochi in hopes of making it seem like Hiroaki had caused the phenomenon instead of himself. It was a bit of a stab in the dark, but he was willing to try anything that could reduce the penalty.</p>

      <p>“It hasn’t been that long since you became a transcendent one, yet you’re able to see that far ahead when moving on the spur of the moment! Sora is most impressed! You have a magnificent eye for war tactics!” Sora praised Rio’s thought process with every fiber of her being.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. I wanted to reduce the mask’s consumption as much as possible. The one I’m wearing is half-broken already,” Rio said with a smile. The left half of the mask he was wearing was missing, but it remained effective and fixed on his face. There was a look of bashfulness on the exposed left side of his face.</p>

      <p>“It’s impressive that the mask is still holding on after so much intervention into a war between mankind!”</p>

      <p>“I see. That’s good to hear then.”</p>

      <p>“The mask will remain effective until it falls off completely, so you can still fight!”</p>

      <p>“I’d prefer if there were no more battles after this, though...” With the Yamata no Orochi standing alert below him, Rio watched the retreating Beltrum Kingdom fleet.</p>

      <p><em>Please, just keep retreating like that...</em></p>

      <p>On the off chance they turned back and chased after the fleeing Restoration ships, he had more intimidation tactics prepared. However, the longer the battle and the more he damaged the enemy, the greater the burden on his mask. He wanted to avoid fighting as much as possible.</p>

      <p>The breath he’d made the Yamata no Orochi use at the beginning was a mere warning. He had no intention of harming the enemy if they had no intent to continue fighting. Sure enough, the effect of that warning was perfect—the Beltrum Kingdom’s fleet continued retreating without turning. They flew past the lake and over Rodania, fleeing to the outskirts of the city.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Rio looked over at the Restoration’s evacuation ships. They had already flown over the lake in the direction of the Galarc Kingdom border.</p>

      <p><em>They’ll be fine now that they’ve fled that far.</em></p>

      <p>Once he confirmed the ships had fled to safety, he turned to Sora.</p>

      <p>“Okay. Shall we get going, Sora?”</p>

      <p>“Sure!”</p>

      <p>Rio dispelled the Yamata no Orochi down at the lake before rising into the sky and disappearing into the clouds.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>