<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“And if you failed?”</p>

      <p>“I won’t give up. I’ll make sure they listen.”</p>

      <p>“...Are you serious? You’d probably be killed for being annoying at that point. I guess if you don’t want to put up a fight, then it’s your life... But what if the chick you loved was in there and those armed guys were trying to feel her up? Would you still try to talk things through? Satsuki and King Francois are saying they wouldn’t let those guys have their way. They’d pick up the weapons to protect those dear to them. And I’m in agreement with them.”</p>

      <p>“Escalating the situation until people kill each other is exactly the kind of meaningless sacrifice I’m talking about. Picking up weapons to avoid fighting is contradictory and absurd... There has to be another option other than fighting!”</p>

      <p>“That’s why to avoid unnecessary sacrifice, we... It’s no good. This guy has no sense of reality. Are you sure he isn’t just some coward that doesn’t want to dirty his own hands?”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki sighed heavily as his frustration pent up while he spoke.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What do you mean by that? You people are the ones who aren’t looking at reality. You’re treating people’s lives like nothing. You don’t see people as people!” Takahisa said angrily.</p>

      <p>“That’s just your opinion. And all I did was give my opinion. Say, can we just exclude this guy due to a difference in values, King Francois?” Not wanting to talk to Takahisa any further, Hiroaki turned to Francois.</p>

      <p>“I was never going to force anyone into participating in the first place,” Francois replied with a shrug. “The need to measure the power of a hero came up, so I made the request to those of you who wish to cooperate. Everything about deterrent forces and so on is irrelevant to the present. There’s no need to decide those things at this very moment. Sir Takahisa is the hero of Centostella—do you have any opinion to offer, Princess Lilianna?” he asked, seeking Lilianna’s thoughts.</p>

      <p>“I am not in a position to force Sir Takahisa’s hand either.”</p>

      <p>Until now, Lilianna had been watching over the discussions in silence. There was nothing that could be read of her emotions from her expression. But Takahisa seemed to sense something, as he shut his mouth after one glance at her beautiful eyes.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Francois uttered with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided. Satsuki and I will participate. What about you, new hero?” Having lost interest in Takahisa, Hiroaki turned to Masato.</p>

      <p>“I will cooperate too,” Masato accepted readily.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, Masato!” Takahisa couldn’t overlook Masato’s answer.</p>

      <p>“What? You have no right to be giving me orders, bro. After listening to everything you all discussed, I’ve decided I’m in agreement with Satsuki,” Masato replied boldly.</p>

      <p>“Do you even understand the situation?! You might end up killing someone!”</p>

      <p>“That wasn’t the point. We’re talking about how to deal with the ice hero if he decides to attack more nations. If you have no intention of fighting, then just sit there and shut up. Criticizing the people fighting for you while you hide in the safety zone is what a coward would do.”</p>

      <p>“I-I have the right to freedom of speech. And I don’t want to hear that from you either, Masato. Are you saying people who participate in war are superior? That kind of thinking leads to totalitarianism.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t get what you’re saying. I’m not talking about who’s superior or whatever that totali-thing is. I’m talking about defending against an attacker. If things will end in fighting either way, then I want to be able to resist before that happens,” Masato replied, heating up the argument between the two brothers.</p>

      <p>“Huh. Hey, Satsuki?” Hiroaki called out to Satsuki beside him.</p>

      <p>“...Yes?”</p>

      <p>“Are they brothers?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, they are. The older brother is Sendo Takahisa, and the younger brother is Sendo Masato,” Satsuki said, introducing the two of them.</p>

      <p>“Wow, so the younger one’s got a better head on his shoulders.” Hiroaki sneered without bothering to lower his voice.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Takahisa frowned at him, offended by his words.</p>

      <p>“Pretty boy hero, what you’re doing is totalitarianism itself, you know? You’re trying to force Satsuki and Masato into sharing your opinion, right?”</p>

      <p>“What... That’s not it! All I want is—”</p>

      <p>“Neither Satsuki nor Masato are ordering you to fight, you realize?” Hiroaki jeered.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” Takahisa gritted his teeth and clenched his fists bitterly.</p>

      <p>Realizing that any more of this would just be a squabble, Satsuki interrupted as mediation. “Okay, how about we stop there? The topic this time is whether we’ll help with the investigation into the maximum output of our hero powers. Sakata, Masato, and I will cooperate. Takahisa doesn’t have to do anything he doesn’t want to do. We were told there’s no penalty for not participating, and I think we’ve discussed our respective views enough now.”</p>

      <p>“Right. I don’t care whether that guy participates or not anyway. I have no interest in talking him into it,” Hiroaki agreed, backing down easily.</p>

      <p>“I’m—I’m not wrong...” Takahisa muttered with a sullen look.</p>

      <p>“Then we shall proceed with Sir Hiroaki, Lady Satsuki, and Sir Masato as participants. It’d be troublesome if the nobles in the castle caught word of the investigation and created a fuss, so it will be conducted in secret somewhere away from the public eye. I am still in the midst of selecting an appropriate location, but assume that the experiment will be conducted within the next few days.”</p>

      <p>With Francois’s conclusion, the question-and-answer session between the heroes came to an end.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in the mansion where Miharu and the others lived...</p>

      <p>After seeing Roland off in the morning when he departed for the Beltrum Kingdom, Celia got straight to analyzing the mask. Even after eating lunch, she shut herself in her room and continued casting magic on the mask on her desk. Sora watched her from where she sat on the bed.</p>

      <p>“Celia, thirty seconds have passed since you began analyzing,” Sora said to Celia’s back.</p>

      <p>“Okay. Phew...” Celia stopped her analysis and sighed heavily.</p>

      <p>“It’s time for the one-hour break between every analysis,” Sora urged.</p>

      <p>“I’m starting to get used to it, so I think we can start shortening the length of the breaks.”</p>

      <p>“No. You have to keep this pace for the time being so that Sora can monitor your health. We will lengthen the breaks if your fatigue is accumulating,” Sora said, managing Celia’s health strictly.</p>

      <p>“That’s rather protective of you. I expected you to rush me more.” Celia chuckled, giving Sora a look of surprise.</p>

      <p>“The Dragon King asked Sora to ensure you weren’t pushing yourself too hard. Besides, the progress will be even more delayed if you collapse midanalysis. That would be even more bothersome.”</p>

      <p>“I see... Then I’ll take that break now.” Celia smiled, pleased to hear she was being valued so much. She got up from her seat and flopped face-first into her bed, burying her face in her cushions.</p>

      <p>“So how was it? Have you started to understand it yet?” Sora asked.</p>

      <p>“You ask that every break. My answer’s the same as before—I’ve still got a long way to go,” Celia replied, rolling over onto her back with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“Well, it is an artifact created by one of the so-called Wise Gods. We knew it wouldn’t be easy to analyze from the start.”</p>

      <p>“From the feel of things, I’ll need to analyze for a few days to make any progress. I don’t want to take weeks, months, or years doing it, so I’m going to aim for some kind of result before you have to leave with Rio on his journey. Better hope that it works.”</p>

      <p>“Well, Sora can spare a brief prayer for you.”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee. Thanks.” Celia’s mouth turned upwards in a smile directed at the ceiling. Just then, someone knocked on the door.</p>

      <p>“I wonder who that is? I’m coming!” she called out, hurrying over to the door.</p>

      <p>“Oh! Hello Suzune.”</p>

      <p>Latifa was standing on the other side. “Hi Celia. Sora.” She shot them a friendly grin.</p>

      <p>“What’s up, Suzune?”</p>

      <p>“Satsuki came home just now, so I wanted to invite you both to tea with everyone in the dining room.”</p>

      <p>“That sounds nice. I was just in the middle of a break anyway. What do you think, Sora?” Celia asked, looking over at Sora enthusiastically.</p>

      <p>“Tea? What’s so fun about huddling in a room together to drink tea?” Sora looked dubious at the idea of something so annoying.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s fun! You can drink delicious tea with someone else and hold a friendly conversation.” As someone who loved her tea time, Celia couldn’t overlook a response like that.</p>

      <p>“That’s right!” Latifa agreed. “We all made sweets together! They taste really good too!” she added in support.</p>

      <p>“Sweets? There are sweets as well?” Sora’s eyes widened in interest.</p>

      <p>“There are! We made lots!”</p>

      <p>“Lots of sweets? Well then. Let’s go, Celia.”</p>

      <p>“Goodness...” Celia laughed, exasperated at how easily Sora had been lured by the promise of sweets.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is that look for? Research requires a lot of thinking, so it’s important to keep your sugar levels up. Sora’s just concerned for you, Celia.”</p>

      <p>Sora made sure to emphasize that the sweets weren’t for herself.</p>

      <p>“All right, I get it. Let’s get going.”</p>

      <p>Celia giggled, exiting the room. Sora followed her until they reached the dining room where everyone was gathered.</p>

      <p>“I brought Celia and Sora over!” Latifa reported to the room at large. Gathered in the room already were the familiar faces of Miharu, Aki, Satsuki, Masato, Sara, Orphia, Alma, Sayo, Komomo, and Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back, Lady Satsuki and Masato,” Celia said to the two who had just returned. She immediately noticed how Takahisa and Lilianna were absent, but she chose not to mention that.</p>

      <p>“We’re home, Celia. And Sora too.”</p>

      <p>“Hello.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki and Masato greeted her back.</p>

      <p>“And when will you stop referring to me with a title like you do to everyone else?” Satsuki pouted sullenly.</p>

      <p>“Not this again, aha ha... It’s just a hard line for me to cross, considering our positions...”</p>

      <p>Satsuki had asked Celia to change the way she referred to her many times now. Celia had tried so before, but she had to return to using a title the moment they were in public, which naturally led to her using that form of address in their daily life too.</p>

      <p>“But you still call Masato by his name after he became a hero.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki normally didn’t care about that, so she must have felt jealous after hearing Masato being called by his name after becoming a hero.</p>

      <p>“That’s true. I’ll have to call him Sir Masato from now on.”</p>

      <p>He had been just a regular boy to her before, but now he was a hero like Satsuki. Becoming a hero didn’t change how she felt about him, but she did have to refer to him by a title in public from now on. However...</p>

      <p>“Please don’t call me that, Celia!” Masato protested strongly.</p>

      <p>“But I can’t address a hero without a title in public...” Celia said hesitantly. She had to keep in mind her status as a noble.</p>

      <p>“What if you just called them by their names at home?” Charlotte suggested. “It’s not like anyone’s watching, and that’s what Lady Satsuki and Sir Masato prefer.”</p>

      <p>“But you address everyone with a title yourself, Princess Charlotte.”</p>

      <p>“I address everyone equally, so the way I refer to people isn’t an indicator of our closeness. Although there are exceptions like Liselotte. But thanks to that, no one has ever said, ‘You call this person by their name, so why don’t you call me by just my name too?’ to me.” Charlotte grinned.</p>

      <p>“Good point... You’ve really thought this through. I guess that’s Char for you,” Satsuki mumbled with strong admiration.</p>

      <p>“And there are ways to express familiarity besides changing the way you address someone. Like how I show my true self in front of everyone here.”</p>

      <p>“H-How calculating... But I’m honestly happy to hear that.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. I love everyone here, you know?” Charlotte said with a mischievous expression.</p>

      <p>“Of course, of course.” Satsuki nodded bashfully.</p>

      <p>“In noble society, every person has a rank. It can be difficult to navigate around addressing everyone differently, which is why I find it easier to address everyone in the same way. However...” Charlotte paused. “A difference in address doesn’t necessarily mean a difference in familiarity. I don’t think Lady Celia considers Lady Satsuki to be any less of a friend when she addresses her with a title,” she continued.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s exactly right, Princess Charlotte. You have a wonderful way with words.” Celia nodded to show her agreement. “And so, if I could continue to refer to Lady Satsuki in this way...”</p>

      <p>“No. That is a different matter to this. What’s wrong with using names at home? Besides, it’s fun to watch Lady Celia so troubled by it,” Charlotte said, obstructing Celia’s attempt to maintain her form of address with a smile.</p>

      <p>“You just said something good, so don’t go ruining it like that...” Satsuki sighed, covering her eyes with her right hand. But there was a smile on her face at how typical that was for Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“What is there to fuss about when it comes to how to call someone? Weirdos. More importantly, it’s time for sweets. Where are they? Sora came to eat sweets.” Sora had been watching their exchange curiously until now, but her attention moved on to sweets.</p>

      <p>“Over here, Sora.”</p>

      <p>“H-Hey. Don’t pull, Sora! Gosh.”</p>

      <p>Latifa took Sora’s hand and led her over to the largest table in the dining room, seating themselves down beside each other.</p>

      <p>“He he. We made lots of sweets just for you, Sora,” Miharu said, pushing over a serving card loaded with trays of sweets.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. Ayase Miharu...”</p>

      <p>When Sora noticed Miharu approach her seat, she warily eyed her like a stray cat on high alert.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yup, that’s me. Why do you call me by my full name?”</p>

      <p>“Because,” Sora said bluntly, ignoring Miharu’s confusion.</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to call me by my full name, you know? Just Miharu is fine.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?! That’s unfair, Miharu! Hey Sora, you can call me Suzune as well, okay?”</p>

      <p>Miharu and Latifa said, encouraging Sora to say their names.</p>

      <p>“Oh! And I’m Komomo!”</p>

      <p>“You can call me Sayo too.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, you can call me Orphia.”</p>

      <p>Everyone nearby started introducing themselves as well.</p>

      <p>“H-Hah? What’s up with all of you, swarming Sora so suddenly...” Sora looked around at their friendly faces. “Wh-Why does Sora have to call your names? Sora doesn’t care about that, she’s here to eat sweets! Sweets!” she yelped to hide her embarrassment.</p>

      <p>When she saw how Sora was being surrounded by everyone, Celia giggled in amusement. “Oh my, how lovely. It’s nice to see you getting along with everyone, Sora.”</p>

      <p>“Sora is not! Hmph!” Sora puffed up her cheeks.</p>

      <p>“He he. Here’s some sweets, Sora,” Miharu said, placing a tray down before her.</p>

      <p>“Whoa! There’s a sweet scent coming from it! It looks good! What’s it called?” Sora asked, eyes sparkling.</p>

      <p>“There are cookies, madeleines, and scones. You have to add a bit of honey and cream for the scones to be sweet.”</p>

      <p>“Can Sora eat already? Sora’s going to eat now.”</p>

      <p>“Sure. Eat up.”</p>

      <p>Once Miharu passed the trays to the others, she sat down beside Sora.</p>

      <p>“Whoa! These cookies are so good!” Sora tossed cookie after cookie into her mouth, munching as though they were the most delicious sweets she had ever eaten.</p>

      <p>“Thank goodness.” There was no better reaction to receive for one’s homemade cooking. Miharu smiled happily.</p>

      <p>“These cookies are Miharu’s original recipe,” Latifa said from beside Sora.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>