<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>Celia’s speed exceeded that of the knights. She weaved through the knights faster than the eye could see, escaping their encirclement. Then, with her back against the wall of the fort, she faced the knights with her wooden sword held ready.</p>

      <p>“Damn it! Draw your swords!” the squad commander of the knights ordered. Everyone drew their nonlethal wooden swords and surrounded Celia.</p>

      <p>“You may hurt her as much as you need, just don’t kill her!” Duke Arbor yelled. Thus began the battle between Celia and the knights of the Beltrum Kingdom.</p>

      <p>“Haaa!” Celia boldly charged at the knights. There was no sign of the fear she had showed earlier.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What?!” With skillful swordsmanship and light footwork, Celia used her physical abilities that surpassed human limits and overwhelmed the knights.</p>

      <p>“Oh?” Even Renji, in all his annoyance, was now watching her fight with deep interest.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no mistaking it. She’s acquired numerous celestial magic spells. She previously used another spell too—was she always able to cast such things? It wouldn’t be a concern if she specialized in close-ranged combat, but...</em></p>

      <p>Reiss was observing Celia’s fight with his cold gaze in order to determine how much of a threat she was. Celia, who had only been able to fight as a turret-style sorcerer until now, had completely transformed into a swordsman that specialized in close combat.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what’s the meaning of this?!”</p>

      <p>“Being outsmarted by a sorcerer girl like this...”</p>

      <p>“Guh...”</p>

      <p>Celia got up close to one knight after another, hitting them with the back of her sword and knocking them unconscious. There were still knights left.</p>

      <p><em>They may outnumber her, but the average knight has no chance, </em>Reiss concluded.</p>

      <p>“Lucci, Arein. Support the knights and capture her!” he ordered the two mercenaries that wielded enchanted swords capable of physical body enhancements. The two were already prepared for combat and swiftly leaped at Celia without bothering to give Reiss a response.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>Celia evaded their swords with astounding reflexes, seeing through their attacks and moving lightly on her feet.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Arein! We’re going to corner her!” Lucci ordered Arein with a fierce grin.</p>

      <p>“Okay, okay.” Arein immediately moved behind Celia.</p>

      <p>“Say, little lady. How are you doing that? You couldn’t even run in a straight line before!”</p>

      <p>Celia’s movements were completely different from before. She couldn’t even swing a sword with her previous athletic ability, yet she was now fighting with enough skill to send the most experienced veteran knight fleeing with their tail between their legs. However, Celia wasn’t foolish enough to entertain them with conversation. Her expression was cold and calm.</p>

      <p>“You even feel like a veteran fighter now. How is that possible?” Arein questioned the sudden change in Celia as well.</p>

      <p>“Well, I guess we can just find out by crossing swords!” Lucci lunged to attack Celia again. In contrast to the enchanted sword in his hand, Celia only had a wooden sword. It was obvious which side would lose if they crossed swords.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>With elegant footsteps, Celia changed her focus to evasion. Lucci and Arein tried to sandwich her between them, but she avoided their attempts skillfully. Using only minimal movements, she evaded their swords right before their eyes.</p>

      <p>“Hey now...”</p>

      <p>“Damn, she’s good...”</p>

      <p>Lucci and Arein found themselves impressed by her abilities. The knights were also chasing her around the fort, but they couldn’t keep up with her speed and failed to land a single hit.</p>

      <p>“N-No way, just what kind of magic did she use...?”</p>

      <p>Duke Arbor and Charles were also rendered speechless by the sight of her fighting. Physically enchanted adults that were trained for war were being led around by the nose, and in such large numbers.</p>

      <p><em>It’d be best to consider her a different person to who she was until now. Forget the great heroes, she could even be on par with the disciples...</em></p>

      <p>Reiss’s appraising gaze on Celia grew harsher.</p>

      <p><em>Just whose doing could this be? Something must have happened after Renji was knocked out in Rodania... Was it his doing after all? No, but he...</em></p>

      <p>The situation was completely unexpected for Reiss as well. His thoughts were unable to keep up with the circumstances, leaving a rare look of confusion on his face.</p>

      <p>“She darts about like a damn fly...”</p>

      <p>“The other knights are in the way.”</p>

      <p>Arein and Lucci were at a loss as to how to attack, still unable to capture Celia. Celia had used her small frame and the closed battlefield to her advantage, maneuvering around the outnumbered situation. The knights became obstacles preventing the mercenaries from closing in on her.</p>

      <p><em>The difference in weapons is a pain.</em> Celia lacked the ability to land a finishing move. If she were to continue this close-combat battle, she would prefer to have a metal weapon.</p>

      <p><em>I just want to get this letter to Duke Arbor. Ugh.</em></p>

      <p>She could probably use magic to change the situation, but doing so would also change her opponents’ approach. She was extremely wary of Reiss and Renji, who were still watching for now.</p>

      <p>Besides, if anyone died here, they’d probably find fault with her later—she had to handle this situation without killing anyone by accident.</p>

      <p><em>Fine. If it’s going to be like this, then...</em></p>

      <p>Celia accepted her fate and made her move. There was no end to the number of knights around her, so she ignored them and the mercenaries to run right up to her main target, Duke Arbor.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” Duke Arbor stiffened.</p>

      <p>“Hmph!” Renji stepped between them, using the handle of Cocytus, his halberd-shaped Divine Arms, to block Celia’s sword, but Celia pressed her weapon against Renji’s in silence.</p>

      <p>“What a woman. It’d be a shame to kill you, to be honest.” Renji stared at Celia from close up, smirking, but immediately after, a hysterical shriek sounded behind him. It came from Duke Arbor.</p>

      <p><em>That can’t be, the woman is in front of me!</em></p>

      <p>For a brief moment, Renji’s focus was directed behind him. He noticed a stone pillar growing from the ground out of the corner of his eye. Duke Arbor had been pushed up by that pillar—there was a spell formula glowing where he had originally stood.</p>

      <p><em>So she can even cast spells silently now.</em></p>

      <p>Reiss immediately saw through what happened. But even as he thought that, another spell formula glowed at Celia’s feet. A stone pillar burst out of the ground, pushing her slender body up into the air.</p>

      <p>“Hah!” Celia leaped from the pillar to where Duke Arbor was flying through the air. She grabbed him and landed on top of the fort wall.</p>

      <p>“You won’t get away.”</p>

      <p>Renji, Lucci, and Arein all raised their physical abilities to run up the wall easily, surrounding Celia.</p>

      <p>“The tables have been turned, you realize?” Celia said to the three of them coldly. She pointed her wooden sword at Duke Arbor at the edge of the wall. With a little push, he would go tumbling off the wall.</p>

      <p>“With a toy sword like that, just try it. The moment you push the duke, or the moment you swing your sword, the three of us will kill you. Would you rather die than surrender?” Arein threatened coldly.</p>

      <p>After brief contemplation, Celia pointed the wooden sword at Duke Arbor and said, “I’m merely here to deliver a letter. Once I’ve fulfilled that role, I will leave.”</p>

      <p>“So she claims. What do we do, Duke?” Arein asked Duke Arbor.</p>

      <p>“Ugh... I’ll accept the letter.”</p>

      <p>Half a step farther and he would fall backwards off the wall. Seized with fear at the thought of falling over ten meters, Duke Arbor agreed to Celia’s negotiations.</p>

      <p>“Then here. This is the response from the Galarc Kingdom and Restoration.”</p>

      <p>With her free hand, Celia reached into her breast pocket and took out two envelopes, handing them to Duke Arbor.</p>

      <p>“...I have received it.”</p>

      <p>“Please open it. I will now proceed to read the letters, so please confirm that the contents are as written. Once done, please stamp them with the Arbor house’s seal of receipt,” Celia said.</p>

      <p>“Hah. How are you going to read it with one hand? Do you want me to hold your copies so you can read them?” Lucci asked mockingly. It was custom for a second copy of the response to be prepared and read aloud in front of the recipient in order to certify that the letter was received. On top of that, the recipient was to stamp a copy of the letter to be brought back, proving the response was received.</p>

      <p>“I’ve memorized every word of the letters, so there will be no need for that. Once you’ve stamped your copies of the letters, I will give you the copies for me to bring back, so please stamp those as well.”</p>

      <p>“Are you serious?” Lucci’s face twitched. He didn’t think she would allow him to approach so easily, but he hadn’t been expecting that answer.</p>

      <p>“I will now begin reading.”</p>

      <p>Thus, with her wooden sword pointed at Duke Arbor, Celia began reciting the letter.</p>

      <p>Duke Arbor checked the letter against Celia’s words while shaking at the edge of the fort wall. Whether he had the guts to find fault with the slightest mistake aside, Celia had truly memorized every word of the letter and read it aloud smoothly.</p>

      <p>“Has she seriously memorized every word?” Lucci muttered, expressing his doubts.</p>

      <p>“Some people can do that. You’re just stupid. Now act serious,” Arein warned him with a sigh. Celia continued reading while they conversed, eventually approaching the end of the second letter.</p>

      <p>“Next is the final condition. Please listen to this carefully,” Celia said in warning. The current letter she was reading was from the Restoration to the Beltrum Kingdom.</p>

      <p>“Wh...” Duke Arbor’s eyes swept over the text before she could read it.</p>

      <p>“Y-You must be kidding me! I would never accept this!” he yelled angrily, forgetting how he was standing at the wall’s edge.</p>

      <p>“I will pass on that message upon my return. But before that, I must read this last condition out loud. Please remain silent,” Celia said, holding the wooden sword with more strength.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” That sapped Duke Arbor of his energy. Using that opportunity, Celia began reading the response Christina had entrusted her.</p>

      <p>“<em>I, Christina Beltrum, First Princess of the kingdom of Beltrum, formally declare my position as first in line to succeed the throne.</em>”</p>

      <p>“S-Stop! I won’t accept this...!”</p>

      <p>Duke Arbor stubbornly refused to listen to her, but Celia silenced him by thrusting the wooden sword at him once more.</p>

      <p>“<em>I, Christina Beltrum, hereby declare my accession as queen of Beltrum. I will share royal authority over the kingdom of Beltrum alongside my father, King Philip Beltrum. The royal insignia entrusted to me by my father is proof of my legitimacy. As the leader of the Beltrum Kingdom, I am formally requesting a meeting with its other leader, Philip III. I will not accept a proxy representative. Considering the current political state of our kingdom, I propose the meeting be held in the Galarc Castle. A reply to this letter should be brought to the Galarc Castle by Count Roland Claire within one month. If no response arrives within this time frame, it will be assumed that King Philip III has no objections to Christina Beltrum’s accession as queen.</em>”</p>

      <p>Celia finished reading to the end of the letter. The contents were essentially a declaration of a dyarchy.</p>

      <p>“Sharing royal authority? Two rulers of one kingdom? You people must be out of your minds! Are you trying to split the nation into two?! And the regalia really was stolen!” Duke Arbor yelled angrily.</p>

      <p>“I do not have the authority to give a formal answer, but the regalia was taken with permission and not stolen. If you have an objection to the accession, you’ll need to submit your protest according to the procedures established in the kingdom’s laws.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh...” Duke Arbor fell silent, a vein of anger bulging at his brow.</p>

      <p><em>This is why... This is why I didn’t want to let her use the regalia!</em></p>

      <p>What did Christina’s declaration of accession mean for the kingdom?</p>

      <p>In short, it was what Celia had just said; denying the legitimacy of accession would require following the procedures provided in the national law. This meant that Christina would remain queen until her legitimacy was denied through the proper legal procedures.</p>

      <p>Even Duke Arbor, who had been given the right to represent King Philip III as prime minister, couldn’t avoid those procedures. If he skipped the procedures to forcibly deny her accession, he would lose his own legitimacy.</p>

      <p>Thus, if he wanted to deny Christina’s position as the new queen, he absolutely had to go through the national law. Duke Arbor had been flawlessly forced into going along with Christina’s plan.</p>

      <p>“I will also be reporting to Her Majesty of your attempt to harm me today, so please keep that in mind,” Celia added, making sure to protest how she had been treated today.</p>

      <p>“What...?” Duke Arbor’s face twitched even more.</p>

      <p>“The letter also includes details regarding what should happen from here on. My father Roland should have returned to the Claire territory by now, so ensure that he is the one you send to the Galarc Kingdom with your reply. Now, please mark the letters with your magic seal,” Celia ordered Duke Arbor in a matter-of-fact tone. She put her strength into her sword as though to emphasize what would happen if he didn’t.</p>

      <p>“Grr...” Duke Arbor was reluctant. But he made up his mind after a few seconds and pressed his finger against the spot marked with a spell formula, pouring his magic essence into it. The spell formula glowed, registering Duke Arbor’s essence pattern.</p>

      <p>“Now do the same to these letters.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph...” Duke Arbor pressed his magic seal to prove he’d received the letters in silence.</p>

      <p>“With this, the response has been delivered.” Celia confirmed the magic seals were applied and returned her copy of the letters to her breast pocket.</p>

      <p>“It doesn’t matter anymore. Such declarations will make no difference at this late stage...” Duke Arbor spat hatefully.</p>

      <p>“Any further objections will be heard at the meeting. Now, if you would excuse me,” Celia replied coolly, wrapping up the conversation. She had completed her duty, so now all she had to do was return. The marked letters had to be brought back no matter what.</p>

      <p>“Now that you’re done with your business, it’s time to attend to ours.”</p>

      <p>For Renji, Lucci, and Arein, their turn started here. They had no intention of letting Celia return like this, so they surrounded her with their weapons in their hands.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh...” Lucci gave Celia a leering smile, as though to question how she planned on leaving. Indeed, the problem was how she would leave.</p>

      <p>“I said, excuse me.” With a single bow, Celia leaped down from the ten-meter-high wall.</p>

      <p>“We won’t let you!” Lucci and the others immediately jumped after her with their bodies physically enhanced.</p>

      <p>“<em>Alis Luminis</em>!” Celia shouted as she fell.</p>

      <p>Two small magic circles appeared on her back and began to emit a wave of light, as though she had grown wings of light.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” The men were at a loss for words. Celia flew away from the fort in a single burst without flapping her wings, leaving behind a trail of light.</p>

      <p>“Ha...ha ha...ha...” Arein could only laugh. He gazed at Celia as she rapidly gained distance from the fort.</p>

      <p>“Man... She’s really on another level now,” Lucci laughed too, commending his enemy.</p>

      <p><em>It’s hard to dislike strong women like her, for some reason.</em></p>

      <p>Renji had also forgotten his position as her enemy and regarded her highly. Just then, Reiss landed lightly beside him.</p>

      <p>“We’re chasing her, Renji,” he said. “Kill her with your strongest attack.”</p>

      <p>“...Huh? What are you saying?” Renji was taken aback by the sudden order. Besides, Celia was already a hundred meters or more away.</p>

      <p>“Just do as I say. She needs to be eliminated here and now.”</p>

      <p>“H-Hey!” Reiss grabbed Renji’s body before he could object further and flew after Celia in plain sight of everyone.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>A hundred meters away from the fort...</p>

      <p><em>Are they following me?</em></p>

      <p>Celia noticed Reiss flying after her with Renji in his arms. Reiss was using wind spirit arts to accelerate himself in a way that Rio often used as well, and he was rapidly closing the distance to her.</p>

      <p>Celia attempted to accelerate, but Reiss followed suit.</p>

      <p>“Release your attack the moment you’ve readied your magic essence,” he ordered Renji with clear murderous intent.</p>

      <p>“You sure don’t hold back, huh... Fine.” Despite his words, Renji’s mouth was twisted in a delighted smirk. He held his halberd at the ready and focused on generating magic essence.</p>

      <p><em>That’s so much essence! Don’t tell me...</em></p>

      <p>Celia detected the rise in magic essence behind her. With a quick glance, she confirmed the essence was rising from Renji’s body. Then, she recalled the powerful attack he released upon the skies above Rodania.</p>

      <p><em>Does he intend on using that attack?!</em></p>

      <p>At this distance, Celia was easily within his attack range—she’d end up frozen at this rate.</p>

      <p>“A-Argh!” She hurriedly prepared her own magic essence. She needed a magic that could withstand that blow...</p>

      <p>“<em>Aperio: Caelestis Magicus</em>. <em>Verifico: Celia Claire</em>.” Celia immediately began reciting a spell. She was still unable to silently cast spells of high complexity, so she had to recite the whole thing.</p>

      <p>“<em>Salvatio Initium. Impetus...Mora.</em>”</p>

      <p>She steadily made her preparations to activate her magic. But at the same time...</p>

      <p>“All right, Reiss! I’m ready!” Renji had also readied his attack; they were about to fire their strongest moves at each other. A test of strength in its simplest form was about to take place.</p>

      <p>“Endless Force—”</p>

      <p>“<em>Infinitus</em>!”</p>

      <p>Move name and spell incantation overlapped with each other. During this moment, Celia turned her body midair to face Renji.</p>

      <p>“—Blizzard!”</p>

      <p>“<em>Durandal</em>!”</p>

      <p>An enormous shock wave created an explosion of light that filled their vision.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>