<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Secret Meeting</h1>

      <p>The night Celia and the others returned to the mansion, Celia brought Sora to her bedroom. Dinner was over, they had finished bathing, and everyone had returned to their rooms for the night.</p>

      <p>“You can use that bed.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.” Sora nodded and sat down on the bed. Celia sat on her own bed, facing her.</p>

      <p>“How was it? Do you think you can get along with everyone?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Sora has no intention of making friends,” Sora answered bluntly.</p>

      <p>“You say that, but you wolfed down that dinner so hungrily. You also seemed happy to hear everyone explain the dishes.”</p>

      <p>“Th-The dishes are innocent. And that’s not true at all! They were so annoying!” Sora denied in a shrill voice.</p>

      <p>“You can be more honest to yourself, you know?”</p>

      <p>“M-More importantly, the nuisances are finally out of the way. There were still other things Sora needed to talk about,” Sora said, changing the topic.</p>

      <p>“That’s right...” Celia agreed with a listless sigh.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong? Why the long face?”</p>

      <p>“It’s just that everyone’s forgotten about Rio... After spending the day with everyone, I realized that all over again. I’m the only one who remembers him, everyone else has forgotten—and that makes me feel really alienated...”</p>

      <p>All the memories they had made together were gone, as if she had gone through a different past to everyone else.</p>

      <p>“But...” Celia continued, looking at Sora.</p>

      <p>Sora tilted her head in suspicion. “What?”</p>

      <p>“Rio, Aishia, and you... You’re all far lonelier than I am. You’re the ones who have been forgotten by everyone, who have had your relationships severed, who have to stay separated from them...” Celia mumbled miserably.</p>

      <p>“Sora only needs her connection with the Dragon King... As long as she has the Dragon King, Sora isn’t lonely at all.”</p>

      <p>Whether she was bluffing or speaking her true feelings aside, Sora looked down as she spoke. There was something about the sight of her like that which felt forlorn to Celia.</p>

      <p>“What did you do until you met Rio? The Dragon King passed away in the Divine War over a thousand years ago, right?” she asked, searching Sora’s expression.</p>

      <p>“Sora just waited for the time to pass.”</p>

      <p>“Wait... Were you by yourself the whole time?”</p>

      <p>“So what if Sora was? Even without the Dragon King around, the rules of god still applied to Sora. It was only natural.”</p>

      <p>“Wasn’t it really lonely by yourself?”</p>

      <p>“Sora said no already. Not as long as she has the Dragon King.”</p>

      <p>“Sora...” Celia was the one who put on a lonesome face.</p>

      <p>“Don’t make that face. Are you pitying Sora?” Sora pouted irritably.</p>

      <p>“I’m not, that’s not it. It’s just...”</p>

      <p>A thousand years. For a thousand years, Sora was bound to the rules of god by herself.</p>

      <p>Perhaps it was because of the rules of god that Sora never bothered to interact with others. They would forget her anyway. That’s why she gave up from the beginning, believing there was no point in making friends. Perhaps she had to tell herself she didn’t want to make friends in the first place as a form of defense to protect her heart.</p>

      <p>Such thoughts flashed through Celia’s head. Of course, it was possible that Sora truly didn’t believe she needed any friends. But if not...</p>

      <p>She didn’t bother making friends, because no one would remember her.</p>

      <p>“Just what?”</p>

      <p>“I just want to get to know you better. So will you be my friend? I mean—we’re already friends, aren’t we?” Celia said cheerfully. She wanted to be friends with Sora.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Sora let out a noise of crazed disbelief.</p>

      <p>“Because we’re both deeply connected to Rio, right? And they say a friend of a friend is a friend.”</p>

      <p>“What kind of dumb reasoning is that...?”</p>

      <p>“There’s no logic to friendship. All we need to become friends is the desire to be friends.”</p>

      <p>“You want to be friends with Sora?” Sora asked skeptically, staring at her in wonder.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. In fact, I consider us friends already. Didn’t I just say that?” Celia nodded without any hesitation.</p>

      <p>“What a pushy person...”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. I’m being pushy. I think of you as a friend because I want to. And I’m telling this to you of my own accord. That’s all there is to it.”</p>

      <p>“...” Sora was speechless.</p>

      <p><em>Her selfishness is vividly similar to Lina’s.</em></p>

      <p>Why was it?</p>

      <p><em>We’re already friends, aren’t we?</em></p>

      <p>Now that she thought about it, she was once told something similar by someone.</p>

      <p>“What about you, Sora? Do you consider me a friend already?” Celia asked, peering into Sora’s face.</p>

      <p>Sora looked away in a huff, dismissing Celia coldly. “Do what you want. Sora will also do what she wants, and Sora doesn’t consider you a friend.”</p>

      <p>Although she’d had her friendship rejected, Celia smiled gently. “How stubborn... But fine. You can stay that way for now.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph. Weirdo. Stop acting all buddy-buddy with Sora,” Sora snapped dismissively. She then glanced at Celia, watching for her reaction to being treated coldly.</p>

      <p>“Oh, but there’s one thing I’d like to say to you...”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not a weirdo, I’m Celia. My name is Celia. Got it?” Celia warned, puffing her cheeks up at Sora.</p>

      <p>“The only person Sora respects is the Dragon King.”</p>

      <p>“Regardless of respect, calling people by their names when you address them is plain politeness. Depending on who you’re talking to, you could get into big trouble if you don’t speak politely. Make sure you address people like Princess Charlotte and Princess Lilianna with their titles.”</p>

      <p>Fortunately, no such problems occurred today, and Charlotte and Lilianna were both accepting enough to overlook such things anyway, but acting impolitely outside the mansion would most likely be an invitation for trouble.</p>

      <p>“This sounds like a lecture.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right, I used to be a teacher. I was Rio’s teacher too, you know?”</p>

      <p>Sora’s eyes widened in surprise. “The Dragon King’s teacher? Some weirdo like you?”</p>

      <p>“It’s Celia.”</p>

      <p>“...You were the Dragon King’s teacher, Celia?” Sora said reluctantly.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. I taught him for five years, back when he was as young as you,” Celia replied proudly.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. Sora isn’t young. Don’t treat Sora like a child,” Sora said, pursing her lips in a sulking pout.</p>

      <p>“Right, you’re a lot older than I am...”</p>

      <p><em>Although you sure don’t look like it,</em> Celia thought as she stared closely at Sora. As someone who was constantly mistaken for a preteen girl, Celia could finally understand the feelings of those who made the wrong assumptions.</p>

      <p>“Stop looking at Sora like she’s a child already. And if you’re going to compare how long we’ve known the Dragon King, then Sora’s been with him for a thousand years. Our history is different from a nobody like you. Got it?” Sora boasted, refusing to lose to Celia.</p>

      <p>Celia narrowed her eyes. “You called me a ‘nobody’...”</p>

      <p>“A-Anyways! Stop treating Sora like a child. The only person allowed to do that is the Dragon King.” Sora dodged the question, her voice squeaking awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Fine. But in exchange, you have to refer to important people by their name and title. If you’re not a child, you can do that much, right?”</p>

      <p>“Guh... That’s a different matter from this.”</p>

      <p>“Even so, you don’t want to cause trouble for Rio either, right? How do you think Rio would feel if he heard you caused problems?” Celia warned Sora by bringing up Rio’s name. It seemed to have an immediate effect.</p>

      <p>“Hmph... Fine.” Sora nodded obediently, albeit reluctantly.</p>

      <p>“Good. Now let’s move on to the main matter at hand,” Celia said, changing the topic. “What is this broken mask for?” She picked up the mask she had left on the shelf beside her bed.</p>

      <p>“That is a special magic artifact that helps evade the rules of god by bearing their effects.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...? But Rio and Aishia are still forgotten by everyone.”</p>

      <p>The transcendent ones were forgotten by the world every time they used their power. From that point onward, they became existences that had very little presence or memorability. That was all Celia knew of the rules right now, so she wondered why the evasion of the rules wasn’t working.</p>

      <p>“That’s not the rule being evaded here. This item bears the penalty for when a transcendent one intervenes with the world,” Sora said, correcting Celia’s mistake.</p>

      <p>“So there were more rules. What are the details of that one?”</p>

      <p>“Transcendent ones possess the power to change the world, so they’re not allowed to get thoughtlessly involved in the matters of the world. That’s why the rules of god forbid the transcendent ones from using their power on behalf of specific individuals or groups. If they break that rule...”</p>

      <p>“If they break it...” Celia gulped nervously.</p>

      <p>“The transcendent one will forget everything about the people they tried to help.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>“The transcendent ones have power rivaling god, so god deemed it unfair for them to support the interests of individuals. That’s why this rule exists.” Sora stifled her emotions, flatly explaining the rules with a sullen look.</p>

      <p>“If Rio and Aishia fought for our sakes...both of them would forget about us? Instead of us forgetting about them?”</p>

      <p>“That’s what Sora’s saying,” Sora confirmed bluntly.</p>

      <p>“N-No! That’s— That can’t happen! No, absolutely not!” Celia yelled in a panic, the blood draining from her face.</p>

      <p>“Reality doesn’t care about your opinion.”</p>

      <p>“Is that why this mask is broken, then...?”</p>

      <p>“In today’s battle, the Dragon King took a huge risk to save all of you. That’s why this mask was worn down and cracked. That’s what it means.”</p>

      <p>“That can’t be...” Celia fell speechless at the knowledge that Rio had risked his memories to save them.</p>

      <p>“As long as this mask is used, the Dragon King can fight for someone without losing his memory. But there are only five masks in existence, including this one. If he has to keep saving all of you like he did today, they’ll be used up in an instant. Once that happens, he’ll have to fight at the sacrifice of his memories,” Sora said with a strict expression.</p>

      <p>“Though the Dragon King would probably do that for all of you,” she added sadly.</p>

      <p>“You’ve only just met Rio, but you understand him well.” Celia gave Sora an impressed look.</p>

      <p>“Like Sora said already, Sora’s been with the Dragon King for a thousand years. Even reincarnated, the Dragon King is the Dragon King. Of course Sora knows him,” Sora snapped as though she had just been insulted.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry for looking down on you, Sora. I get it now.” Honestly speaking, she was amazed. But at the same time, she didn’t want to lose. She prided herself as the person who cared about Rio more than anyone else. That’s why, as fellow companions who would be around each other for a long time from here on, she apologized to Sora.</p>

      <p>“As long as you understand.” Sora nodded approvingly.</p>

      <p>“We’ll have to do something about this, then. The best option would be for Rio and Aishia to avoid fighting forever, but...”</p>

      <p>“That would be too easy. And you’re all too weak for that.”</p>

      <p>“I can’t deny that... We’ve been protected by Rio and Aishia this entire time. But...”</p>

      <p>When Celia regained her memories today, she also learned several new magic spells. If she used them, she could potentially produce a power beyond anything she had been capable of until now. Celia stared down at her hands in thought.</p>

      <p>However, she purposefully chose not to argue with Sora. Insisting that she had gotten stronger would only sound like a bluff at this moment. She would prove her strength through her actions, not her words. That’s what Celia thought.</p>

      <p>“You need to do better. You might be weak, but Sora has <em>some</em> hope for your brain,” Sora said, emphasizing the “some.” But it was clear she was just too embarrassed to praise Celia honestly. That’s why...</p>

      <p>“Oh my, is that so?” Celia replied happily.</p>

      <p>“It pains Sora to admit this, but the Seven Wise Gods and their disciples were true geniuses. You resemble Lina’s homunculus disciple, and you seem to have inherited certain characteristics of it when your memories returned, so Sora has hope. You might be the key to slipping past the rules of god... You, and Ayase Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, you knew Miharu’s name already, didn’t you? How come?”</p>

      <p>Celia recalled what had happened when Sora first visited the mansion today. She had looked around at the residents and asked for Ayase Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Right, Sora still hasn’t explained that. Ayase Miharu is the reincarnation of the Seven Wise God, Lina,” Sora said, revealing the rather shocking truth without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Celia was unable to comprehend her words and reacted as though she had misheard her.</p>

      <p>“There should also be some kind of connection between you and Ayase Miharu. Do you have any ideas?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? W-Wait a minute. Ayase Miharu as in Miharu? Miharu is the reincarnation of a Wise God?” Unable to believe her ears, Celia repeated herself just to be sure.</p>

      <p>“That’s what Sora’s saying. So, any ideas?”</p>

      <p>“I-I don’t know... But are you sure?”</p>

      <p>Although she had finally understood the part about Miharu being the reincarnation of the Seven Wise God Lina, Celia still doubted whether it was the truth.</p>

      <p>“Aishia was the one who said it. She was created by Lina for the sake of the Dragon King, and Ayase Miharu is the reincarnation of Lina. As long as she’s not lying, then it’s the truth. Why are you so skeptical?”</p>

      <p>“Because Miharu’s just a normal girl, you know? Imagining her as one of the Six Wise Gods, the gods worshipped in the Strahl region, is just...”</p>

      <p>“Oh right, those arrogant guys dubbed themselves the Six Wise Gods when they took over the Strahl region. But Lina is the seventh Wise God that was exiled, so she wasn’t worshipped by anyone. In the first place, the Wise Gods aren’t even gods. They’re fake gods that were given the role of fulfilling the real god’s duties,” Sora said, denouncing the Seven Wise Gods.</p>

      <p>“Umm... Doesn’t that kind of make them gods? If they were given the role of god by the real god...” Celia said, tilting her head. Either way, they were supernatural existences that mankind viewed as gods.</p>

      <p>“Well, you can think of them however you please. Sora considers the Dragon King her god, after all.” Sora puffed up with pride.</p>

      <p>“Right... Rio’s past past life as the Dragon King was on par with the Seven Wise Gods, you mean?”</p>

      <p>“You’ve got a dopey look on your face, are you sure you understand? The Dragon King is a very, <em>very </em>high and mighty person.”</p>

      <p>Sora spread her arms to express the extent of Rio’s magnificence. The sight of her doing that was so cute, it conveyed just how much she loved Rio.</p>

      <p>“You only care about Rio.” Celia giggled.</p>

      <p>“It sounds like you don’t understand at all.” Sora sighed tiredly.</p>

      <p>“They’re just such unreachable existences, it doesn’t feel realistic. Hearing that Rio’s past past life was the Dragon King, and Miharu’s past life was a Seven Wise God, I mean.”</p>

      <p>Besides, to Celia, Rio was Rio. Even if he was a godlike being in the life before his past life, that didn’t change who he was now to her.</p>

      <p>“Well, you’re right about the Dragon King being an unreachable existence. Just know that Ayase Miharu is the reincarnation of that nasty goddess Lina, and you might be the reincarnation of her disciple. Those are the least of the facts you should keep in mind.”</p>

      <p>“It sounds like my past life is mostly conjecture... But okay. It doesn’t change what I have to do.”</p>

      <p>“Sora is glad to see you’re motivated, but what are you planning on doing?”</p>

      <p>“I’m going to start with an analysis of this mask. I’ll search for a way of reproducing it. At the same time, I’m going to investigate the spell formulas embedded in my body and check that there isn’t anything strange about them. That may provide a clue to why I regained memories of the transcendent ones when I’m neither a transcendent one nor one of their disciples.” Celia stared at the mask in her hand.</p>

      <p>“Do you think you can do it...?”</p>

      <p>“I won’t know until I try, but I learned some useful spells when I regained my memories, so I’d say it isn’t impossible... Maybe.” She had yet to test the spells herself, so she couldn’t say anything for sure yet.</p>

      <p>“Th-Then try to analyze the mask right now!” Sora urged excitedly. “...Hmm?”</p>

      <p>Sora seemed to sense something, as she turned towards the window. As soon as she did, a knock could be heard from the other side.</p>

      <p>“Who is that?” Celia whispered.</p>

      <p>The fact they had knocked was possibly to show they had no hostility. But she still had to be cautious of someone visiting their window at a late hour like this.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you get far away from the window.” Sora ordered Celia to back away, then approached the window alone to protect her. She flung the curtain open to reveal—</p>

      <p>“Aishia!” Celia beamed happily.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. It’s just you.”</p>

      <p>Sora snorted coldly, but she opened the window for Aishia to come in.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Celia. Short time no see, Sora?” Aishia greeted them with a wave, tilting her head to the side. She wore a mask on her face.</p>

      <p>“Where’s the Dragon King?” Sora leaned out of the window, looking around at the sky.</p>

      <p>“Haruto told me what happened, so I came to see Celia. Haruto’s in the stone house. We couldn’t come to the castle together, so I came alone.”</p>

      <p>“Tch.” She must have wanted to see Rio. Sora clicked her tongue in disappointment, turning away from the window.</p>

      <p>“There, there, Sora. Come inside, Aishia. I’ve missed you.”</p>

      <p>Celia could understand Sora’s feelings—she wanted to see Rio too. But she had also wanted to see Aishia. She soothed Sora while smiling and inviting Aishia inside. However...</p>

      <p>“Haruto wants to see the two of you as well. Shall we all go to him?” Aishia suggested lightly, as though inviting them on a walk.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Can we?”</p>

      <p>Celia was happy just to see Aishia again, but she’d be even happier seeing Rio. She couldn’t hide her true feelings from appearing on her face at the opportunity of doing so.</p>

      <p>“Yup, as long as no one in the mansion finds out.”</p>

      <p>Rio had seen Aishia off by telling her to enjoy herself at the mansion, but he hadn’t said she couldn’t bring both of them back. That’s why she thought of bringing the two back to see him.</p>

      <p>“Th-Then...”</p>

      <p>Celia wasn’t able to suppress her desire to see Rio. She was about to cheerfully say, “Let’s go,” when—</p>

      <p>“What are you two doing? If you’re not coming, Sora will go first. Bye.”</p>

      <p>Sora was already on the balcony, ready to depart. Nothing would stop her from going, and she urged Celia and Aishia to hurry along too.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait a minute, I have to turn off the lights in the room first...”</p>

      <p>Celia rushed to prepare for their late-night departure from the mansion.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-break">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>With Celia in Aishia’s arms, Aishia and Sora flew through the sky and over to the outskirts of the capital where the stone house was hidden in the forest. They made their way inside the house and the three of them lined up in the entryway.</p>

      <p>“...And that’s why I brought them with me,” Aishia said, concluding her explanation.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha...” Rio laughed flatly in confusion. He hadn’t expected Aishia to bring Celia and Sora back with her.</p>

      <p>“Sorry... I ended up coming here,” Celia apologized shyly.</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing to be sorry about. I’m happy to see you again too.”</p>

      <p>With so many experienced fighters like Gouki living in the mansion, Rio had decided against sneaking in with Aishia in order to avoid being noticed. But if she was going to do this, perhaps he should have just gone with her in the first place.</p>

      <p>But it was important they reduce the risk of being noticed as much as they could, even if it took extra effort. Now that Rio was a transcendent one, he had to avoid being noticed as much as possible—it was undoubtedly safer for Aishia to go check on Celia alone, as she could always flee in her spirit form. And by bringing Celia back to the stone house, there was no need to lower their voices. That was what Rio decided to believe, anyway.</p>

      <p>“It’ll probably be best to return quickly, but we might as well talk a bit now that you’re here. Let’s head to the living room first,” Rio said, inviting them inside.</p>

      <p>Celia nodded happily. “Okay!” she said, walking forward. Aishia started forward as well, and Rio was about to follow them when he noticed Sora fidgeting behind him.</p>

      <p>“Shall we go too, Sora?” he called out to her.</p>

      <p>“Yes! Right away!” Sora replied immediately, walking to the left of Rio.</p>

      <p>There wasn’t much distance from the entryway to the living room, but Rio decided to start a conversation with her anyway. “How’s life at the mansion? Do you think you can handle it?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes! Sora will fulfill the duty she was given by the Dragon King!” she replied proudly.</p>

      <p>“I see. It’s really reassuring to have you with Celia. Thank you.”</p>

      <p>“Sora’s only doing what needs to be done. Heh. He heh.” She giggled, beaming happily at the praise.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>