<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Sisterly Bonds</h1>

      <p>One day before the events in Rodania, an enchanted airship was arriving at the Galarc Castle. The ship came from the kingdom of Centostella.</p>

      <p>The visit wasn’t an unexpected one; Sendo Masato, who was under the care of the Centostella Kingdom, had suddenly been summoned to Galarc as a hero with the First Princess Lilianna Centostella. As allied nations, Galarc had no choice but to contact Centostella. Thus, this was an anticipated visit.</p>

      <p>“The enchanted airship from Centostella has arrived.”</p>

      <p>Notice of the arrival reached Miharu and Satsuki through Charlotte. They went to the entrance of the castle with Masato and Lilianna to greet the visitors. The delegation from Centostella Kingdom soon arrived at the castle’s courtyard in horse carriages.</p>

      <p>“They’re here,” Charlotte said when she spotted the first carriage.</p>

      <p>Everyone’s gazes locked onto the group approaching the castle. The carriages were securely guarded by numerous knights, so whoever was on board was assumedly of ambassador rank or higher.</p>

      <p>The carriages eventually came to a stop before them. The knights moved swiftly to open the door of the most securely built carriage first. However...</p>

      <p>“They’re not coming out...?”</p>

      <p>Satsuki tilted her head, puzzled at the prolonged silence. But a few seconds later, a boy and girl hesitantly stepped out of the carriage. The boy was gently pulling the girl by the hand.</p>

      <p>“Aki... Takahisa...” Miharu mumbled, eyes widening with a gasp. Beside her, Masato shot Takahisa and Aki a conflicted look and sighed.</p>

      <p>“You came,” Satsuki said, glancing at Miharu and Masato. She had expected Takahisa and Aki’s arrival. After all, Aki was his older stepsister by one year, and Takahisa was his older brother by four. It was only natural for them to be worried.</p>

      <p>However, things weren’t as simple as that. The relationship between them all was complicated—and it had started with the hero banquet previously held in Galarc. It all started when Takahisa disagreed with the idea of being separated from Miharu and tried to take her to Centostella against her will. Aki had assisted his reckless behavior—the two of them were too dependent on her.</p>

      <p>Luckily, the quick-witted Lilianna prevented Takahisa’s abduction attempt with the help of the Galarc Kingdom. But even though the attempt had failed, the two weren’t forgiven right away. After some long discussions, it was decided that Takahisa and Aki were forbidden from making contact with Miharu until everyone involved agreed to forgive them. In order to ensure that, Lilianna and Masato took Takahisa and Aki to the Centostella Kingdom and away from Miharu.</p>

      <p>That was why Takahisa and Aki were currently in no position to complain if they were asked to leave immediately. Just what were they thinking coming all the way to Galarc and showing themselves to Miharu? An explanation was direly needed.</p>

      <p>“Step back, Miharu,” Satsuki said, standing before Miharu to protect her.</p>

      <p>Lilianna walked forward. “The two of you were forbidden from making contact with Lady Miharu without Sir Masato’s and my permission, I believe.”</p>

      <p>This statement was a test from Lilianna to Takahisa. If Takahisa were to reply with anything along the lines of, “But the two of you both disappeared,” she would promptly tell them to leave. Thus, Lilianna stared at them with narrowed eyes, awaiting their reply.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry!” Takahisa eventually apologized, bowing his head. “I wanted to apologize properly to Miharu, and to everyone else... I went to the king for permission to board the ship instead. I can’t believe what I did to you all... There was something wrong with me back then. I just truly, truly wanted to apologize. I did something so awful to you...”</p>

      <p>Takahisa seemed to have reflected on his actions, as he accepted all the blame with clear shame in his voice.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry...!”</p>

      <p>With his head still bowed, he repeated his apology. Incidentally, the king had allowed him to come on the condition he would follow whatever orders Lilianna gave him upon their arrival.</p>

      <p>“I want to apologize too. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Miharu.” Aki similarly bowed her head while she apologized repeatedly and cried, her tears falling to the ground.</p>

      <p>“We’re not expecting you to forgive us like this... But we wanted to give a proper apology for everything. That’s all, honestly... Let’s go, Aki.”</p>

      <p>Takahisa patted Aki on the back, gently directing her to return to the carriage. They had made their apologies and were now voluntarily making their leave. In a way, that was admirable, but—</p>

      <p>“H-Hold on a minute. You can’t just appear out of nowhere, say what you want, then leave again...” Satsuki called out, stopping them from boarding the carriage. She looked to Miharu and Lilianna for their reactions. Miharu had been the actual victim, and Lilianna had also gone through a lot of trouble for their sakes.</p>

      <p>Besides, they had previously agreed on spending some time apart for the two of them to reflect. The incident had happened several months ago, so they had indeed spent time apart. They had also said their apologies. Wouldn’t it be better to talk a little more to see how sincere they were?</p>

      <p>“I will leave the decision to the three of you—including Sir Masato,” Lilianna said, clearly expressing her stance on the subject.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>