<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: A Prophetic Dream, or...</h1>

      <p>Ayase Miharu was dreaming.</p>

      <p>In her sleepy haze, she was aware she was dreaming. It felt nostalgic for some reason. Like something she was missing dearly.</p>

      <p>This...</p>

      <p>This feeling was...</p>

      <p>Who was it?</p>

      <p>In her dream, Miharu tilted her head curiously. She couldn’t see anything—there was nothing but white in front of her, but she was pretty sure she was tilting her head.</p>

      <p>“It’s not a dream,” someone said to her.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“This isn’t a dream.”</p>

      <p>“As planned, that boy is near you and affecting your consciousness. But there’s no time left, so listen carefully.”</p>

      <p>“Who...are you?” Miharu called out to the voice in the white space.</p>

      <p>“You will have to make a decision at some point,” the voice continued without answering her.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“An extremely vital decision.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“When that time comes, one of those options will clearly be wrong. And you will feel absolutely certain of that.”</p>

      <p>“What are you saying...?”</p>

      <p>“I highly recommend you choose the wrong choice.”</p>

      <p>The voice spoke into Miharu’s ear like a witch’s whisper. But that voice grew more and more distant, until—</p>

      <p>“Hey...” a male voice said instead. The owner of this voice was—</p>

      <p>“We meet again, Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>Miharu shot up in bed. She looked around the pitch-black room in fear, but there was only Aki asleep in the next bed beside her.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Miharu sighed in relief and went back to sleep.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>