<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue: The Rules of God That Rio Knows</h1>

      <p>1. Every time a transcendent one exercises their power, their existence is wiped from the memory of the world’s residents. If necessary, their memories will be adjusted to erase inconsistencies so that they make logical sense. The only people who can retain memories of the transcendent ones are fellow transcendent ones and their disciples. When anyone else tries to recall the transcendent ones, they first become incapable of thinking straight, then feel a heavy burden upon their brain.</p>

      <p>2. Those who become transcendent will have difficulty remaining in the memory of others. They can make direct contact with the residents of the world and hold a conversation, but any memory of the transcendent one will fade the moment they part ways.</p>

      <p>3. Transcendent ones are forbidden from supporting the interests of specific individuals or groups. Breaking this rule will result in the transcendent one forgetting the individual or group that was being supported.</p>

      <p>4. The aforementioned rules of god apply to the disciples of the transcendent one as well. However, the effects of rule 2 can be weakened only when the disciple is separated from their transcendent master.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>