<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello, everyone — This is Yuuri Kitayama. Thank you very much for picking up <em>Requiem for a Goodbye</em>.</p>

      <p>It’s been half a year since <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> Volume 1 first came out, and it feels like Volume 3 was released in the blink of an eye. In that time, Volume 1 received two additional printings. I can’t even express how grateful I am to all the readers, Hobby Japan, and everyone else involved in the process.</p>

      <p>And so, to begin with, I’d like to acknowledge everyone I am much indebted to!</p>

      <p>The readers who always support my work; Editor N and the other editors at HJ Bunko; Riv, who drew so many beautiful, high-quality illustrations this volume too; the publishing sales department at Hobby Japan; the thorough and detailed proofreaders; each bookstore with my work on their shelves, and so on. Thank you very much! This book wouldn’t have existed without the help of each and every one of you.</p>

      <p>As I am still an inexperienced author only freshly debuted, there is still much knowledge that I am lacking, and I may make mistakes here and there, but I’ll continue to work diligently, so I hope that you can stick with me for a long time to come.</p>

      <p>Now, to change the topic suddenly due to lack of page space, Volumes 1 to 3 of this <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> series are actually a prologue, so to speak, and with the end of this volume, the main character Rio (Haruto) finally reaches the starting line of the story.</p>

      <p>Normally, stories start from the first volume, with the main character having built a number of relationships and an established past. However, even before I made the plot of <em>Seirei Gensouki</em>, the first time I thought of writing a novel, I thought that having such backstories depicted in the story would make the later plot more interesting.</p>

      <p>However, the darker sides of those stories are unavoidable, and sometimes make it difficult to act out a clear sense of exhilaration. At the same time, that is what will make future volumes more interesting, slowly and steadily — or, sometimes, all at once.</p>

      <p>Finally, <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> has built up a reputation of increasing the number of pages as the volume number goes up, but I will try to make the next volume slightly more compact.</p>

      <p>No, I will definitely do it!</p>

      <p>Let’s meet again in the next volume.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="signature">January 2016 Yuuri Kitayama</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>