<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>It’s Isle Osaki here; thank you for buying volume five of <em>Zero Believers</em>.</p>

      <p>This volume had the Macallan arc, with Mary and Lucas making a splash. They both appeared before Lucy but didn’t get illustrations in the first volume. I’m exceedingly grateful that we got to see the two of them illustrated now.</p>

      <p>Macallan wasn’t part of the original plot for the web version and was a hasty addition. That led to it being rather short, so I’ve added the Cameron arc to this volume. Did you enjoy it? We didn’t visit Cameron in the web version, so this is the first time it’s appeared on the page. The web and published versions are slowly diverging, bit by bit. I think that this makes both versions enjoyable to read for people.</p>

      <p>Finally, I’d like to thank Tam-U for the wonderful illustrations, Hakuto Shiroi for the adorable characters in the manga version, and my editor N for the various pieces of advice. I’d also like to thank readers of both the web and published versions of this story, and I hope that you’ll continue to support <em>Zero Believers</em> into the future as well.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>