<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“It’s because my knight always treats me so roughly, despite me being no adventurer.”</p>

      <p>“You’re the one that decided to tag along to deal with goblins,” I countered.</p>

      <p>“Goblins...?” Sakurai asked. “Isn’t that dangerous?”</p>

      <p>“My <em>Charm</em> skill meant that there was no danger,” Furiae declared proudly. It was kind of cute how she puffed up.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, she even got the goblin king with it,” I added. I’d been panicking then, but it’d worked out...and the other two certainly seemed interested in the story.</p>

      <p>A bit later, Princess Noelle said, “You seem to be enjoying Roses, Furiae.”</p>

      <p>“You have no right to say that,” was Furiae’s only response.</p>

      <p>“Please...don’t be so hostile.”</p>

      <p>Furiae stared for a moment longer before seeming to decide that her animosity had been too sharp. “Sorry,” she apologized, averting her eyes.</p>

      <p><em>The two of them really don’t get along...</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, Commander!” a young man suddenly called out from behind Sakurai. “You decided to check the place out after all! And with another new woman? Vice Commander Saki’ll be jealous.” He was wearing the same armor as the Soleil Knights, so he was probably one of Sakurai’s men.</p>

      <p>“Some guys have all the luck,” he continued. “What kind of beauty are you wi—” He trailed off and froze when he saw Princess Noelle at our table.</p>

      <p>“Come on,” chided the knight’s friend as he walked up. “This new girl can’t be that—” Again, stunned silence as he reacted the same way to Princess Noelle’s presence.</p>

      <p>Both of the knights’ faces had gone ashen. “L-Lady Noelle?!” the two exclaimed in unison. Apparently, they’d been focused on Furiae and hadn’t noticed that their princess was also there...</p>

      <p>“Pay me no mind,” said Princess Noelle with a blank face.</p>

      <p>“Excuse us!” they cried—again in unison—before immediately retreating.</p>

      <p>“See?” Furiae said. “Royals make commoners get all concerned.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think that’s the problem here,” I replied, unable to resist a short laugh.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, Ryousuke,” said Princess Noelle with a fixed smile. “What did they mean by ‘<em>another</em> new woman’?”</p>

      <p>“N-Noelle?” he managed, his own smile stiffening.</p>

      <p>“You have so many fiancées...and it is <em>still</em> not enough? This will not do.”</p>

      <p>I could practically hear the menace in her words... She was maaad.</p>

      <p>“That, my knight, is a domineering woman,” Furiae muttered to me.</p>

      <p>“Domineering?” Princess Noelle’s head snapped to look at us. “I am not domineering! This is normal!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not so sure about that,” Furiae commented. “My knight has both the mage and warrior as lovers, and the two remained calm when he made a move on Princess Sophia. <em>That</em> is a non-domineering woman.”</p>

      <p>“Wait a minute...” I started. <em>That...doesn’t seem exactly accurate. I distinctly remember enduring a lot of lecturing from Lucy and Sasa.</em></p>

      <p>“He...was <em>with</em> Sophia?!” Noelle exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“There aren’t issues with her being a priestess?” Sakurai wondered.</p>

      <p>“Well, Eir gave permission, so...”</p>

      <p><em>Hang on, </em>I thought,<em> I’m in the line of fire now!</em></p>

      <p>As I tried to sidestep that conflict, my <em>Listen</em> skill picked up something interesting.</p>

      <p>“That ghost ship is a problem,” said a nearby voice.</p>

      <p>“Sure is. Business is damned.”</p>

      <p>“We pay all the ridiculous taxes, so I wish they’d use them! Send the army in.”</p>

      <p><em>Ghost ships are a thing in this world?!</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, Sakurai,” I said, bringing up the topic, “you hear anything about a ghost ship in Cameron?”</p>

      <p>“I have—the knights mentioned it. It’s been showing up along trade routes, and it’s causing issues with shipping.”</p>

      <p>“A ghost ship?” asked Furiae. “They need only exorcise it, right, my knight?”</p>

      <p>“Exorcisms are part of moon magic, though, so there probably aren’t many that can,” I pointed out.</p>

      <p><em>Whew, looks like I dodged the bullet from our previous conversation.</em></p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto!” Princess Noelle demanded. “What is your relationship with Sophia?!”</p>

      <p><em>Or not.</em></p>

      <p>There was a blatant look of curiosity on her face and I ended up stuck and needing to explain myself...<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The next day, I arrived at the Temple of Time once more, ready to meet Estelle. I got there thirty minutes early. For some reason, my name was called immediately.</p>

      <p>“This way, Hero of Roses Sir Makoto Takatsuki. Lady Estelle is waiting.”</p>

      <p>Slightly nervous, I opened the door.</p>

      <p><em>I’m just here to give greetings on behalf of Princess Sophia, so I shouldn’t need to do anything difficult...</em> “Shouldn’t,” of course, was the operative word in that statement.</p>

      <p>There were no guards inside the room, just a single woman. She was wearing a fancy dress.</p>

      <p><em>Security-wise, isn’t that a bit...risky?</em></p>

      <p>“I’m Makoto Takatsuki,” I said, introducing myself.</p>

      <p>“I know. Sit down.” Her order was blunt, and it was hard to detect any amiability in her voice.</p>

      <p>I did as she instructed and sat down in front of her.</p>

      <p>“Um... Thank you very much for grant—”</p>

      <p>“Get to the point,” she interrupted.</p>

      <p><em>She sure is impatient. </em>Well, she <em>was</em> a busy woman. <em>I should get the greetings over with.</em></p>

      <p>“I offer my greetings as Hero of Roses on behalf of Princess Sophia. I assume Ira will be at the center of the Northern Front Plan, and we of Roses will do our utmost to carry out our part of the plan.”</p>

      <p>My words seemed a bit ceremonial, but I did understand the point of greeting Estelle like this—Roses was a small country, and building relations was important.</p>

      <p>The priestess didn’t respond—she just looked sharply at me.</p>

      <p>Eventually, she spoke. “I have a dilemma.”</p>

      <p>I looked questioningly at her. What did she mean?</p>

      <p>“Were you aware,” she began, “that as the Priestess of Fate, I can see the future?”</p>

      <p>“Of course,” I replied. Everyone knew that. Ira could see past and future, everything that had happened, and everything that would happen. As her priestess, Estelle had also gained some of that insight. That was why her assistance was so indispensable with the Northern Front Plan.</p>

      <p>“Well, I cannot see the entire future,” she continued.</p>

      <p>“You can’t?”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t exactly knowledgeable about <em>Fate Magic</em> skills. Then again, I knew essentially nothing outside of the <em>Water Magic</em> skill tree.</p>

      <p>“Firstly, I cannot see the futures of adherents to other gods...particularly, those zealous individuals whom the Sacred Deities cannot reach.”</p>

      <p>“Like members of the Snake Sect?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. I cannot see the future of those that put their faith in the daemons. Their fate appears almost clouded in mist...”</p>

      <p>“That...would be a problem,” I replied vaguely.</p>

      <p><em>I didn’t know about that. I guess fate magic isn’t all-powerful.</em></p>

      <p>“After all, fate magic is not all-powerful,” she said. It was like she’d read my mind... “The Snake Sect is our enemy. It would be too much to ask to be able to know everything. However, we can defeat them if we can act correctly.”</p>

      <p>I let out a confused noise, not seeing where she was going with her statement.</p>

      <p>“The Great Demon Lord will soon return,” she stated. “Time is precious, and it is fair to say that the fate of the world rests upon each action we take. However...one of our allies has a clouded future.”</p>

      <p>The conversation had grown much tenser. I paused for a weighted moment. “There’s a traitor?”</p>

      <p>“A traitor would be easier to understand,” she replied. “As I said, the Sacred Deities’ power cannot reach zealous believers in other gods...” her eyes turned to jab into me like daggers. “Among us is a believer of...the Wicked Deity Noah.”</p>

      <p><em>Geh! In the line of fire again?!</em></p>

      <p>“Hold on a minute!” I countered. “Eir gave her blessing for me to become a hero of Roses!” I was indeed a believer of Noah, and she was certainly treated as a wicked deity. I had Eir’s permission, though, so it shouldn’t be a problem.</p>

      <p>“And Eir is the cause of my dilemma,” explained Estelle. “She permitted the disciple of a wicked deity to stand as a hero...”</p>

      <p>She let out a hmph.</p>

      <p>I gulped.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto Takatsuki of Roses. I have a request for you.”</p>

      <p>“A request?”</p>

      <p><em>After all that? </em>I couldn’t help but have a bad feeling.</p>

      <p>“There has been a ghost ship haunting Cameron’s shipping routes... Were you aware of it?”</p>

      <p>“Well...more or less.” I’d heard it brought up during lunch yesterday. At first, I’d thought it was gossip, but apparently, it was interfering with trade.</p>

      <p>“I would like for you to investigate it.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, why me?” Cameron’s military was far from weak. While it wasn’t on the same level as Highland’s or Great Keith’s, the country’s finances meant that they were the most well-equipped forces.</p>

      <p>“Three investigations have already been launched. Each has failed.”</p>

      <p>“Failed?” I repeated.</p>

      <p>“The ship in question uses some form of illusion—those who have confronted it have retained no memory of the ship.”</p>

      <p>“What does that have to do with—”</p>

      <p>“Your <em>RPG Player</em> skill includes the ability to see the world from an outside perspective,” she interrupted. “It should render the illusion ineffectual.”</p>

      <p>So she knew about my skill...</p>

      <p>“Ira knows all the skills that people have. This enables the most suitable assignment of labor.”</p>

      <p>I let out a sigh—she’d seemingly read my mind again. A memory came back to me, and I pulled out my Soul Book.</p>

      <p>This was written under the description of <em>RPG Player</em>:</p>

      <p><em>A skill that lets its user view from the perspective of someone playing an RPG. You can see in 360 degrees! This is a unique skill that’s exclusive to otherworlders, so you’re one lucky guy!</em></p>

      <p class="signature"><em>—Goddess of Fortune, Ira</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>So...that excitable description had come from Ira?</p>

      <p>Estelle cleared her throat. “Since the illusions will not affect you, I wish for you to investigate the ship. It shall not be an uncompensated task. Roses is likely spending a significant sum on defense against the increased monster activity. Cameron will be willing to support those costs. Would that be acceptable?” She’d asked me, but I could tell it was really more of a statement and not something I could refuse.</p>

      <p>I looked the priestess in the eye and spoke. “I will undertake that investigation, Lady Estelle.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you. We will provide the ship, and you will leave the day after tomorrow. Get your preparations in order.”</p>

      <p>Apparently declaring the conversation over, the priestess left the room.</p>

      <p>I...was neck-deep in trouble here.</p>

      <p><em>Eir, she’s not...</em> I heard Noah murmur.</p>

      <p><em>Nah, </em>replied Eir,<em> she can’t be...</em></p>

      <p>What was it?</p>

      <p><em>Be careful, Makoto.</em></p>

      <p><em>Good luck, Mako.☆</em></p>

      <p>I was slightly concerned, but neither of them would tell me what was going on.</p>

      <p>So, that’s how I got dragged into investigating a ghost ship.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>