<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Would you tell—” I managed to ask half of my question before she interrupted me.</p>

      <p>“Eyes up, there’s the cave.”</p>

      <p><em>Damn it, don’t cut me off!</em> I thought.</p>

      <p>As we drew closer to the cave, I maxed out <em>Calm Mind</em>. We hid in the shadow of a tree near the entrance and inspected the opening.</p>

      <p>“There are four goblins standing guard out front,” I whispered.</p>

      <p>“Shall we just take them down?” asked Furiae.</p>

      <p>“It’s too dangerous to do that near a nest.”</p>

      <p>“It is?”</p>

      <p>Back when I’d been flying solo, I’d tried that tactic several times—taking them all out at once seemed more efficient, but the slightest slipup would have a whole horde attacking you. There was also a chance that stronger goblins lurked within the nest. Those issues combined meant that the safest option was sneaking around like an assassin.</p>

      <p>“The situation might be different if you’ve got strong long-range magic like Lucy...or if you’re as overpowering as Sasa in close quarters.”</p>

      <p>I had neither of those things, so I’d have to take each goblin out one by one. It had to be now, though... The girl was under attack, and her barrier wouldn’t last forever. We couldn’t take too long to finish them off.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, what to do?</em> I’d rushed out here, but maybe I should have joined up with Lucy and Sasa first...?</p>

      <p>Actually...</p>

      <p>“Princess, you’re good with curses, right?”</p>

      <p>“I am indeed... Why?”</p>

      <p>I had a good idea.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Does this count as adventuring?” Furiae asked after some time.</p>

      <p>“It does, and I won’t accept anything less.”</p>

      <p>There was currently a deep fog surrounding the area.</p>

      <p><em>Moon Magic: Curse of Slumber</em>.</p>

      <p>“This is convenient,” I commented.</p>

      <p>I was holding her hand, synchronizing with her. Using water magic, I whipped up a mist, and then I pushed some moon magic out into it—the fog became a vector for the curse.</p>

      <p>And now, the guards were all fast asleep.</p>

      <p>“They’re not going to wake up out of nowhere, right?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“They’ll likely sleep for the rest of the day,” Furiae replied smoothly.</p>

      <p>This...just might work.</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll go look for the girl. You hide over there,” I instructed, pointing.</p>

      <p>“Such a bore.”</p>

      <p>She probably didn’t like my roundabout method, but I was only an apprentice mage. I’d lose every time in a head-on fight with a group of goblins.</p>

      <p>I slowly stepped inside the cave, making sure my <em>Stealth </em>and <em>Scout</em> skills were active.</p>

      <p>The mist had worked inside as well.</p>

      <p>I trod forward carefully, making sure not to wake the sleeping goblins. About ten of them were passed out. <em>Not as many as I thought,</em> I mused as I went farther in.</p>

      <p><em>There she is!</em></p>

      <p>A cage was situated in the deepest area of the cave, and a girl was locked inside it. She was surrounded by a faint hemisphere of light.</p>

      <p><em>They must have just brought her here, barrier and all.</em></p>

      <p>I moved closer to check on her. Though her face was blotchy from tears, I couldn’t see any injuries. Swiftly, I sliced through the bars of the cage with my dagger and then stepped toward her. The girl didn’t wake up, even when I knocked against the barrier.</p>

      <p><em>That’s annoying... Furiae’s curse got her as well.</em></p>

      <p>With the barrier surrounding her, I couldn’t carry her out on my own. There also wasn’t any spell I could cast to break it. Really, I didn’t expect it to work...but when I used my dagger to try and cut the barrier, my blade slipped through the magic like a hot knife through butter.</p>

      <p><em>Wow!</em></p>

      <p>Noah’s dagger could cut through magical barriers too!</p>

      <p><em>Of course it can. That shoddy spell is about as strong as paper. My dagger’s got a </em>divine<em> cutting edge, after all.</em></p>

      <p>Pardon me, then. That’s a divine relic for you...no half measures.</p>

      <p>I pulled the girl out of the split barrier before tapping her face as quietly as I could, trying to wake her up.</p>

      <p>“You okay?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Wha?” she mumbled. “I passed out and... Wh-Who are you?”</p>

      <p>“An adventurer. Your dad sent me to rescue you.”</p>

      <p>I asked her for her name—luckily, she was the right girl.</p>

      <p>Great, mission complete. I was so relieved I’d managed to find her while the barrier was still up. Girls...didn’t have much of a chance when they were attacked by goblins.</p>

      <p>Yet, the girl’s next words sent a chill down my spine.</p>

      <p>“U-Um...there are more monsters. The goblin king left and took a group of subordinates. They could come back any time.”</p>

      <p>As soon as she finished that statement, <em>Sense</em> <em>Danger</em> started blaring in my mind. <em>Scout</em> started picking things up as well.</p>

      <p>There was a mass of goblins outside the cave.</p>

      <p><em>Damn it! I left Furiae outside! </em></p>

      <p>She was unarmed and had no way of defending herself.</p>

      <p><em>I should have brought her along!</em></p>

      <p>I rushed out of the den, keeping hold of the rescued girl. I had to make it to Furiae!</p>

      <p>When I breached the mouth of the cave, I was greeted by the goblin king and its subordinates. This was the first time I’d seen a goblin king from such proximity. It was several times taller than a normal goblin. It didn’t just have brawn, though, it had brains as well. As if to underscore that fact, it was wearing armor stolen from adventurers and holding weapons in each hand. Depending on the size of the group, forces led by a goblin king could be classed as calamities.</p>

      <p>I saw the dangerous monsters encircling Furiae and—</p>

      <p>“You filthy creatures. How dare you try to lay your hands on me!”</p>

      <p>—her eyes glowed gold as several goblins dropped to the ground, prostrating themselves. The goblin king’s head rested beneath Furiae’s foot.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Uhhh...</em></p>

      <p>There were so many monsters here... It’d be certain death to fight them directly.</p>

      <p>“Princess...what’s going on?” I asked, dumbfounded.</p>

      <p>“Can’t you see?”</p>

      <p>“You used <em>Charm</em> on them?” I asked after a moment of stunned pause.</p>

      <p>She hummed smugly. “I did.”</p>

      <p><em>For real?! She’s incredible.</em></p>

      <p>“Wow... Miss, please hold me...” Apparently, the captured girl had hearts in her eyes as well. Furiae was captivating them all, woman and monster alike...</p>

      <p>“Makoto, are you okay?!”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, there’s a swarm of gob— Wait, what?”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa had suddenly rushed in, only to stare wide-eyed at the sight of Furiae stepping on a goblin king.</p>

      <p>“Meteo Rain!” Lucy yelled, and her fire blast destroyed the goblins and their nest in one blow.</p>

      <p>Now that the tension had passed, the rescued girl seemed to have passed out, so I got Sasa to carry her. It kinda felt like only the girls had really done anything in our party.</p>

      <p>On the way back, I spoke to Furiae.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Princess? Could you teach me <em>Charm</em>?”</p>

      <p>It was almost like a bonus skill that let her control those goblins... I wanted to learn it. And I had the ability now—the “gift” skill I’d gotten from Naya for becoming her guardian knight was <em>Charm</em>.</p>

      <p>Furiae wasn’t entirely receptive, though. “My knight... Are you planning on using <em>Charm</em> to make girls fall for you?”</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t do that!” I protested, but I guess that <em>was</em> what people would assume I wanted...</p>

      <p>“Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki?”</p>

      <p>The other two girls were both looking suspiciously at me.</p>

      <p><em>Seriously, I wouldn’t do that!</em></p>

      <p>“You want every tool you can to fight against monsters, right?” I asked. “Then teach me so I can be of service.”</p>

      <p>“Hm.” Furiae pondered. “Well, okay.”</p>

      <p>Great! Now I can get her to teach me some<em> </em>moon magic at the same time.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>When we returned to the guild, the man thanked me like I was a god.</p>

      <p>Since I’d technically been the one commissioned, Mary had dropped the massive price tag as I’d requested. Though, to be honest, I’d barely done anything.</p>

      <p>A little while later, Furiae was teaching me how to use <em>Charm</em>.<em> </em>I’d only used <em>Water Magic</em> skills thus far, so I was enjoying learning another skill.</p>

      <p>It was pretty difficult, though. My power was weak, and I was testing it out on Sasa and Lucy.</p>

      <p>“Feel anything?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Not at all...”</p>

      <p><em>No effect... Seems like it’ll take a lot of training before I can use it on people...</em></p>

      <p><em>Elementals, elementals,</em> I called out, trying <em>Charm</em> on them, but they didn’t react well. Undyne hadn’t appeared since Highland.</p>

      <p>I could almost affect animals—I’d gathered a collection of local cats and dogs around me. It <em>was</em> cute...but was collecting pets useful for combat?</p>

      <p>Was this just another miss?<br/><br/></p>

      <p>During the time we spent in Macallan, Furiae gained a zest for adventuring, so we often went to hunt monsters with Sasa and Lucy. There were more monsters around as of late, so even the most basic quests were important jobs for us adventurers. We spent most afternoons doing fairly low-difficulty tasks, and in the evenings, we feasted with the other adventurers.</p>

      <p>We passed several days like that, and though it wasn’t anything special, Furiae seemed to enjoy it. Fujiyan was busy getting ready for the succession conference, so I hadn’t seen him.</p>

      <p>This morning when I woke up, I saw a lot of people milling around the guild’s entrance. <em>Things are bustling,</em> I thought.</p>

      <p>“Look over there,” someone said.</p>

      <p>“She’s gorgeous...”</p>

      <p>“I’ve never seen her from so close-up...”</p>

      <p>“The princess carved of ice...”</p>

      <p>“Why is she here?”</p>

      <p>Apparently, a bigwig was visiting the guild.</p>

      <p><em>Hm, I can’t see through the crowds.</em></p>

      <p>I bobbed over toward the mass of people.</p>

      <p>“Hero!” I heard a familiar voice call out. “Are you here?”</p>

      <p>That was definitely Sophia’s guardian knight geezer. Which meant...</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto.”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia stood in front of me wearing a refined smile.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>