<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Makoto Takatsuki’s Old Haunts</h1>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ The Provincial Lord’s Daughter Christina’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>We were in an office at the estate. “We,” in this instance, included both myself and my younger sister, Constance Macallan.</p>

      <p>“Chris, will you stop this pointless struggling?” she asked. “Violet and I have the backing of almost everyone of influence in Macallan.”</p>

      <p>I let out a noise of discontent. As much as I hated to admit it, her assured smile and statement were correct. In the brief time we had been away from Macallan, the allies Sir Fujiwara had gathered had become turncoats.</p>

      <p>To think that the situation could change so drastically...</p>

      <p>“The Benriach family also supports me,” she continued. “Your Lord Fujiwara is no comparison, is he?”</p>

      <p>The man behind her must have been an envoy from the Benriach family.</p>

      <p>She’d prepared well, but I knew why—she wanted to become the lady of the region to have an even more luxurious life. I knew my sister, and I knew that she’d just take the title and build her own finances without any intention of developing the region. She was just feigning her devotion to that lie in order to convince our father.</p>

      <p>Constance inheriting the title would be of no benefit to the people of Macallan.</p>

      <p><em>I’m at a considerable disadvantage now though...</em></p>

      <p>I had worked with Sir Fujiwara to develop the airship in hopes that doing so would catalyze a golden age for Macallan. We had formed strong ties with the capital, but our foundations here were—</p>

      <p>My thoughts were interrupted by a knock at the door.</p>

      <p>“Excuse my interruption, please.” My future husband entered, looking slightly hesitant.</p>

      <p>“What is it, Sir Fujiwara?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“What?” Constance scowled. “We are in the middle of a meeting.”</p>

      <p>I was rather offended by how she spoke to him. After all, he <em>was</em> my fiancé.</p>

      <p>He didn’t pay any attention to that, though—immediately, he started speaking again, offering only the essential information.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia has arrived.”</p>

      <p>Both Constance and I let out gasps of shock, but my sister’s mouth was hanging agape.</p>

      <p>She soon corrected herself. “I will greet her at once!” she declared.</p>

      <p>It was rare for the first princess to visit a distant province like ours.</p>

      <p>“That would be ill-advised, Lady Constance,” Sir Fujiwara told her.</p>

      <p>“How could you say that, Lord Fujiwara?! Kindly remove yourself,” she ordered shrilly. Of course she would immediately try to rebuke him.</p>

      <p>However, he kept calm.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia has already given her orders—Lady Christina and I will guide her around the town.”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s impossible! Why would she ask a new noble like you rather than the lord of the land?!”</p>

      <p>Constance was hysterical, but I had some idea of what was going on.</p>

      <p>“Has she come to see Sir Makoto?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Indeed... She headed immediately for the guild,” he answered with a reluctant smile.</p>

      <p>I hadn’t thought that she was <em>so</em> taken with him.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is the meaning of this?” stammered Constance. “Hero Makoto is the new State-Authorized Hero, is he not? He has no accomplishments to his name.”</p>

      <p>That was only true as far as Macallan was concerned... Sir Makoto’s victory in Horn had been officially glossed over, and the reports stated that Prince Leonardo had taken care of the issue. News of the incident in Highland also wouldn’t have reached Macallan yet.</p>

      <p>“Constance, I am going to greet Her Highness. We will continue this discussion at another time.”</p>

      <p>“But...” Her earlier composure had vanished, and she was now just standing there with a lost look on her face. The Benriach envoy seemed utterly discombobulated as well.</p>

      <p>For my part, though, I accompanied Sir Fujiwara to the adventurer’s guild.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto,” she replied with a smile. “Are you well?”</p>

      <p>“More or less...” I answered vaguely. I mean, we’d seen each other on a daily basis until fairly recently.</p>

      <p>“Wow,” I heard from the crowd. “He’s talking with Lady Sophia.”</p>

      <p>“He really is a hero...”</p>

      <p>“That lucky swine...”</p>

      <p>“He seems to know the commander of the Saintwater Knights as well.”</p>

      <p>“What is he, our best...?”</p>

      <p>The adventurers were all in a tizzy. The Saintwater Knights, by the way, were apparently the geezer’s knight order. That name felt a bit too cool to my ears.</p>

      <p>“Y-Your Highness Princess Sophia,” sputtered a scarred man. “What business do you have with a guild in a small town such as this?”</p>

      <p>That man was...the head of the guild, right? I’d only ever seen him from a distance.</p>

      <p>“I am inspecting the town that Hero Makoto is based out of,” she answered. “You need not make a production. Would you guide me to his house first?”</p>

      <p>The guild leader, Mary, and I all stared quizzically at her.</p>

      <p>My...house?</p>

      <p>“I don’t have a house,” I answered awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“I sleep in the guild rest area.”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia stared dubiously at me.</p>

      <p><em>It’s normal for adventurers to sleep here though...</em></p>

      <p>“Who is his contact?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t ha—”</p>

      <p>“I-I am!” Mary interrupted me.</p>

      <p>“You’re my...contact?” I asked her quietly.</p>

      <p>“It’ll end up the guild leader’s responsibility otherwise, so go with it,” she whispered into my ear.</p>

      <p>Her breath tickled my cheek, and Princess Sophia’s gaze sharpened.</p>

      <p>“What is your name?”</p>

      <p>“Mary Gold of the Macallan Adventurer’s Guild!” she answered, coming to attention.</p>

      <p>“Guild leader, Mary—bed and board for heroes is completely covered by the royal family. Why, then, is Hero Makoto sleeping in the guild hall? Are you aware of the rules governing State-Authorized Heroes?”</p>

      <p>“I am, Your Highness...”</p>

      <p>“I-I am...”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia’s voice was audible across the whole area. The guild employees all looked awkwardly away.</p>

      <p>“Then it would seem that you do not know how to follow them.”</p>

      <p>The guild employees and the adventurers all paled. They probably thought the royal family was about to impose sanctions.</p>

      <p><em>It’s because she always puts everything so harshly...</em></p>

      <p>The time I’d spent with her in Horn and Symphonia had helped me start to understand her. She was simply serious, not scary. I’d had the same misunderstanding when we’d first met, though.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia,” I interjected. “We’ve spent the last few days celebrating my new position as a hero. We haven’t had time to look for a house yet.”</p>

      <p>It was the truth—there’d been parties every night. Well, the parties hadn’t really had anything to do with me...but still.</p>

      <p>“Is that so?” she asked. The guild workers all nodded hurriedly. “Very well then.”</p>

      <p>The guild leader and Mary looked visibly relieved.</p>

      <p>At that moment, a pair of familiar faces made their way inside.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia, I hope you are well,” said my former classmate. He was accompanied by his fiancée.</p>

      <p>“Fujiyan and Chris?” I muttered. It was rare that they ever came to the guild.</p>

      <p>“I have the perfect property for our esteemed Tackie,” Fujiyan declared. “It is an estate with a guest room suitable for royalty.”</p>

      <p>“I see... That would be acceptable.” Princess Sophia nodded.</p>

      <p>A house for me? I’d be fine with a studio apartment, so where’d all this stuff about estates come from?</p>

      <p>I peered at my friend’s face, and his expression told me to leave it to him. He must’ve had some kind of plan, so I went along with it.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Before I knew what was happening, an estate close to the town center with a big garden was ready for me.</p>

      <p><em>This place is massive...</em></p>

      <p>The house was rented by the royal family, so I didn’t know what the cost was, but I was scared to find out.</p>

      <p>“What a big house,” Lucy gushed.</p>

      <p>“That’s incredible, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“It would appear that ‘hero’ is a luxurious position.”</p>

      <p>Lucy, Sasa, and Furiae all found out after the fact, but they seemed to approve. They had all picked out their choice of rooms in the estate. Personally, I chose the room closest to the entrance so I could make hasty exits.</p>

      <p>After everything had been arranged, Princess Sophia came up to me. “Hero Makoto, I would prefer to stay and talk further...” Her voice seemed somewhat regretful. I’d assumed that she’d be staying in Macallan for a while, but she was apparently heading for the next town.</p>

      <p>Recently, monsters had been more active, and there were a lot of casualties close to the Forest of Fiends. The girl we’d saved from goblins the other day was a prime example of that, so Princess Sophia was inspecting the other towns in the area.</p>

      <p>She was a hard worker, huh?</p>

      <p>“Take care,” I told her.</p>

      <p>“Once the inspections are complete, I will be returning. Do not leave on a journey before then,” she stressed.</p>

      <p>I was a State-Authorized Hero, and it was a post I was effectively employed in. Since she was my employer, her statement was like a boss giving an order.</p>

      <p>And I’d actually been planning a trip...</p>

      <p>“I’ll wait in Macallan,” I assured her.</p>

      <p>“Then it is a promise, Hero Makoto,” she replied, gripping my hand.</p>

      <p>My heart raced a bit as I answered. “R-Right.”</p>

      <p>After that, the Saintwater Knights, led by Princess Sophia and the geezer, left Macallan.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>That night, Fujiyan invited us to dinner. Chris had beaten out her sisters—she’d inherited the Macallan family title.</p>

      <p>“It is thanks to you, my esteemed Tackie!”</p>

      <p>“Let me pour you a drink, Sir Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Eat whatever you like’h.”</p>

      <p>Fujiyan, Chris, and Nina were all weirdly grateful, but I hadn’t done anything.</p>

      <p>“Did you not call for Princess Sophia?”</p>

      <p>“Nope, I didn’t...”</p>

      <p>The princess had just turned up, and I’d been similarly shocked to see her.</p>

      <p>“Regardless, the details are hardly important.”</p>

      <p>“Hmmm.”</p>

      <p>Though I didn’t know what’d really happened, they sure did treat me to a nice night out.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I was free the next day (and every day until the princess got back), so I went hunting in the area around Macallan. Sometimes I went solo, other times I partied up. This time, I was alone.</p>

      <p>I ran into Jean and Emily on my way back.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Jean. Been out adventuring?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Makoto. You soloing today?”</p>

      <p>“Good to see you, Makoto,” Emily added before turning to Jean. “I’m going to head back now.”</p>

      <p>The two of them had apparently been hunting ogres nearby. Emily rushed off while Jean and I caught up with each other and shot the breeze.</p>

      <p>“Say, Makoto,” Jean said eventually. His expression suddenly turned serious.</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>“I’m actually...going to marry Emily.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>That’d come out of nowhere. They were getting <em>married</em>? But we were only teenagers... Still, they <em>were</em> childhood friends, so they’d been together for a long time.</p>

      <p>“It’s thanks to you,” he added. “We heard that you helped out the orphanage in Symphonia that raised us.”</p>

      <p>He was looking intensely at me. <em>I mean...it just kind of happened...</em></p>

      <p>“Most of the money we’ve made as adventurers has gone back to them. But recently, they got in touch and told us that they’d be fine thanks to you. Now we can use our money for ourselves. Thank you so much!”</p>

      <p>“Hm...right.” I’d just asked Peter and the Castor family for a favor. Since Sasa had been worried about the orphans, the idea had just come to me.</p>

      <p>“We owe you,” he insisted.</p>

      <p>“You’re welcome,” I managed to reply eventually. My smile must’ve looked uncomfortable, but he kept thanking me.</p>

      <p>After that, we met up with Emily and Lucy back at the guild. The two girls were eating. Emily must have told Lucy about their news too, and we had a private celebration for them.</p>

      <p>It seemed like everyone was settling down now... Jean and Emily were getting married, and Fujiyan and Sakurai were doing the same.</p>

      <p>I was still a bachelor. It didn’t really matter, but...I felt kinda awkward.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Recently, every time I’d gone to the guild, the single women there had come around to talk with me. It was nice to be popular...but not so easy when you were as shy as me. Because of that, I gradually stopped visiting the guild as much.</p>

      <p>I was currently practicing my magic in the canal behind my house.</p>

      <p>“Nrow, nrow,” a black cat mewed as it trotted up.</p>

      <p>“You again?” I asked.</p>

      <p>My <em>Charm</em> training hadn’t shown any effect on people or elementals, but it did let me call cats and dogs together.</p>

      <p>This cat—and <em>only</em> this cat—kept turning up even after I dropped <em>Charm</em>.</p>

      <p>“Nrow, nrow.”</p>

      <p>It was a slightly underweight cat, somewhere in between being a kitten and an adult. It rubbed its head against me. Cute.</p>

      <p>“Wait a minute,” I said, dipping my hand into the water.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Flow</em>.</p>

      <p>Using my magic, I caught a fish and hoisted it from the canal. It flopped down in front of the cat, who meowed excitedly, inspected its surroundings, and then dug in.</p>

      <p>It could have eaten the fish slower, but once it was finished, the cat let out a satisfied huff before curling up near me and sleeping.</p>

      <p>The old “eat, sleep, repeat...” Not a bad life it had. I ran a hand along its back as I got lost in thought.</p>

      <p><em>What do I do now...?</em></p>

      <p>Since I’d become a hero, my name had grown in value. I was worth something now and was treated like a VIP.</p>

      <p>And what about my party members? Sasa had been strong to begin with, and Lucy had gotten so much better during her training with the Grandsage. I’d been worried about Furiae, but the goblin hunt the other day proved that there was nothing to worry about.</p>

      <p><em>And underneath it all lurks Eir’s prophecy...</em></p>

      <p>The fall of Roses. Hardly pleasant...far from it, even.</p>

      <p>I heard the cat start to purr. Things were peaceful for now, at least.</p>

      <p>But what was going to happen? The Great Demon Lord would come back eventually. I needed to get stronger.</p>

      <p><em>What should I start with...?</em></p>

      <p>I couldn’t tell the future.</p>

      <p>Maybe I could look at things differently—Fujiyan’s wife had been putting her all into inheriting Macallan’s title, and an adventurer from my generation—Jean—was getting married.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe I should think about what I want to do with my future...</em></p>

      <p>Lucy, Sasa, and Sophia...were all making romantic moves on me. Furiae...wasn’t quite. She and I had a business relationship.</p>

      <p>“What should I do?” I asked the cat.</p>

      <p>“Mrow?” Instead of providing an answer, it sounded more like it was asking me why I’d interrupted its nap.</p>

      <p><em>Who caught that fish for you?</em> I thought. This <em>was</em> another world... The least it could do was talk with me.</p>

      <p>But in the end, I just kept disrupting its sleep.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, what are you doing?”</p>

      <p>“Lucy?”</p>

      <p>The girl in question was standing there wearing a pink dress and red cardigan. Since improving her mana control, it seemed like she’d been able to control her body temperature better. Or, at least, she was wearing more reserved clothing these days.</p>

      <p>I used to need <em>Calm Mind</em> to even look her way. This wasn’t a problem anymore...which was kind of sad.</p>

      <p>“I’m training,” I told her.</p>

      <p>“By playing with a cat?”</p>

      <p>“I’m training <em>and</em> playing with a cat.”</p>

      <p>“That cat’s been in your garden all the time lately. Is it your pet?”</p>

      <p>“No, just a stray. Need something, then?”</p>

      <p>She hummed in thought for a while, then gave me a bashful look.</p>

      <p>Her next words seemed almost planned. “Hey, Makoto, would you come out with me for a bit?”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Lucy’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p><em>It happened when I was young.</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, mom? How did you and dad get together?”</p>

      <p>Mom had been wandering the world for a year, so I hadn’t seen her for a while. Dad was off somewhere else—I’d heard that he was demon nobility of some kind, and immensely strong. But...why had mom—an elf mage—married a demon in the first place? That’s what I wanted to know.</p>

      <p>She answered my inquiry with a chuckle. “Well, that takes me back! I had a fateful meeting with your dad while I was traveling.” She had a faraway look in her eyes. “His scarlet hair seemed to practically <em>burn</em> and his body was like tempered steel. He was a beautiful man. As soon as we met, I knew he was the one for me, so I went right on the offensive!”</p>

      <p>“You’re so passionate!” I exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Right?! He was a wonderful person too. However, since he was part of the nobility, I had a lot of rivals.”</p>

      <p>So dad was a popular demon with the ladies...</p>

      <p>“Romance with demons is simple though,” mom explained. “The strongest wins!”</p>

      <p>“What?” I hadn’t expected the conversation to go this way.</p>

      <p>“Well, I <em>am</em> the strongest mage, right?”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...” At least in Springrogue, I didn’t know of a more skilled mage—mom was even more powerful than our hero or the priestess. But...what did her strength have to do with romance?</p>

      <p>“I beat every single one of my rivals. The last woman was a high-class demon, and she was strong.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What happened?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Hm? Well, we fought. But even after a hundred bouts, I never managed a decisive win.”</p>

      <p>I was shocked. “A-A hundred?”</p>

      <p>“I burnt her to a crisp a few times. High-class demons have several lives, though, so she kept coming back. Well, to be fair, she killed me a bunch as well, but my automatic revival brought me back.”</p>

      <p>I was aghast. <em>I-Is getting married really that hard?!</em></p>

      <p>“In the end, we both realized the answer—if we couldn’t reach a conclusion, then we could both marry him.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?”</p>

      <p>“So, we both proposed and went after him. Pretty vigorously as well,” mom said with a cute wink. It was...rather extreme.</p>

      <p>“B-By the way,” I asked, “what kind of demon was his other wife?”</p>

      <p>“Um, I think she was a succubus queen? Even I can admit that she was sexy.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...” A succubus queen? So...Demon Queen Lilith in the underworld?</p>

      <p>No, no way... That couldn’t be true.</p>

      <p>“So, where’s dad?” I’d lost count of how many times I’d asked her this question.</p>

      <p>But she responded the same way she did every time. “Hm, your dad’s faaar away in a bit of a risky place. I’ll take you to see him when you’re stronger.”</p>

      <p>She was treating me like a kid!</p>

      <p>“I already know!” I exclaimed. “He’s on the northern continent, the demon continent!” Demons lived on the demon continent—that’s what I’d learned at school.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, all the demons on that continent are barbarians. Your dad would never be caught dead there.”</p>

      <p>“H-He wouldn’t?”</p>

      <p>Mom had a distinctly unhappy look on her face for a moment, but it soon changed back into a sparkling smile. “I’m sure you’ll be a wonderful mage in ten years or so. I’ll take you to see him then.”</p>

      <p><em>Ten years?</em></p>

      <p>“Maybe I’ll fall in love by then...” I mused.</p>

      <p>“I’m sure you’ll meet a wonderful boy. After all, you’re my daughter,” she said firmly, putting her hand on my head. “Love is war! If you fall in love, go completely on the attack! You need to get him away from other people and move in close to him. If you can, make sure that your clothes show off a lot of skin...”</p>

      <p>I could tell that she was enjoying herself quite a bit as she spoke. Even now, I could remember that mother-daughter talk.</p>

      <p><em>Grandpa got really mad at her after that, I think.</em></p>

      <p>It was so nostalgic to think of. I didn’t understand it at the time, but now...I knew. Mom didn’t have much common sense, but she was right—once I fell in love, I had to act. I couldn’t just wait.</p>

      <p>My thoughts soon shifted away from my childhood and onto more recent memories.</p>

      <p>“A bunch of women I don’t know keep talking to me at the guild now...” Makoto complained. He was collapsed bonelessly on his sofa. “It’s really tough.”</p>

      <p>He was shy, so he didn’t enjoy conversations with new people. Honestly, he found them to be more of a chore than anything.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t you realize? That’s because they want you.</em></p>

      <p>But, he certainly didn’t seem like he understood their intentions...</p>

      <p>One time, I’d overheard a conversation between two women at the guild.</p>

      <p>“Hey, I’m going to confess to Makoto!”</p>

      <p>“What? Doesn’t he have Lucy and Aya in his party?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, well, they <em>look</em> like they’re together, but apparently, their relationship isn’t that close yet.”</p>

      <p>“What?! They haven’t <em>done</em> it yet?”</p>

      <p>“Yup. Lucy dresses like that, but she’s all innocent really.”</p>

      <p>“This is our chance. I’m going to go for it.”</p>

      <p>“Me too. Here’s to an easy ride with the hero!”</p>

      <p><em>These women used to mock him by calling him the Goblin Cleaner!</em> I’d thought.</p>

      <p>“Let’s have a drink and invite him!”</p>

      <p>“He can’t hold his drink, so he’ll fall asleep right away.”</p>

      <p>“Then, when he’s drunk...”</p>

      <p><em>This is bad,</em> I’d thought. Female adventurers were all assertive, but many didn’t want to be adventurers all their lives. These types of women looked to marry men with good prospects so they could retire from adventuring and live off their husband’s wealth.</p>

      <p>And since Makoto was a new hero and single, he was an enticing catch. To put it the same way as Aya, he was a tempting target for a gold digger.</p>

      <p>That’s why I called out to Makoto when I saw him playing with the cat in his garden.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“C’mon, this way,” Lucy beckoned.</p>

      <p>We’d traveled into the Great Forest. It’d been a while since we’d come here, and we were venturing deeper and deeper into the trees.</p>

      <p>“We shouldn’t go too far,” I cautioned. “It’s risky.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry,” she answered without turning around. “My <em>Listen</em> skill will let me hear danger from miles away.”</p>

      <p>Well, I guess that was fine. But why did she want to go into the Great Forest at all?</p>

      <p><em>Oh, there’s a big monster up ahead,</em> I realized, alerted by my <em>Scout </em>skill. Of course, Lucy had noticed it as well. She came to a halt and readied her staff.</p>

      <p>Heavy footfalls shook the earth, and then three big ogres stomped out in front of us.</p>

      <p>“Lucy!” I yelled, readying my dagger and preparing my elemental magic.</p>

      <p>But she simply raised her staff. “It’s okay, leave it to me. <em>Fire Magic: Firestorm</em>.”</p>

      <p>She’d cast a high rank spell without an incantation, and her flames immediately engulfed the three monsters. They screeched out their dying breaths and then fell, unmoving, to the forest floor.</p>

      <p><em>Huh, that was over in no time. </em>Honestly, I hadn’t contributed at all. I stared blankly at the charred corpses of the ogres, then replaced my dagger in its sheath.</p>

      <p>I turned to Lucy. “Well done.” She was staring back at me with an intense expression.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...do you remember? This is where that big ogre attacked me.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? It is?”</p>

      <p>“Yup. It’s the place where you saved me. I’ll never forget it.”</p>

      <p>The Great Forest all looked the same to me, just an endless sea of green, so it was hard for me to differentiate specific places. But Lucy was an elf who’d been brought up in the forest, so that was probably why she could keep track of it.</p>

      <p>“You were so cool back then!” she exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“I-I was?” I asked, my voice tinged with embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“We adventured together after that, but I failed every spell... Even so, you didn’t abandon me.”</p>

      <p>“Well, yeah.” It’s not like I’d had any other prospective party members.</p>

      <p>“Then,” she continued, “when you were burned during the griffin fight, you told me that you needed me.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I did.” That sounded like something I might’ve said to try and cheer her up.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, you don’t remember?</em> I heard Noah wheedle. <em>Well, you’re just the wooorst.</em></p>

      <p>I do remember, Noah... More or less.</p>

      <p><em>Such a bad man.</em></p>

      <p>As I was speaking with Noah, Lucy closed the distance between us.</p>

      <p>“I realized, though, that you only said that because you’re kind. You could have coped on your own, right?”</p>

      <p>“That’s...not true. You’ve been a lot of help.”</p>

      <p>“No,” she countered. “You managed on your own when you defeated the monsters in Labyrinthos, and the blight giant in Horn, and when we were in Symphonia as well. I think you would’ve become a hero even if I hadn’t been there.”</p>

      <p>“You’re overselling me,” I said, chuckling ruefully. That was the only thing I could muster up in response to her excessive praise.</p>

      <p>“So...I wanted to catch up with you. That’s why I trained with the Grandsage. It was because I wanted you to say that you needed me...and mean it.”</p>

      <p><em>Why is she telling me this stuff after all we’ve been through? I’ve needed her for a long time now.</em></p>

      <p>As that thought was passing through my mind, she put a hand behind my back.</p>

      <p>“Makoto,” she said, looking me straight in the eyes.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, what is it, Lucy?”</p>

      <p>“I’m strong now. I don’t know whether I can stand as a hero’s companion, but I won’t be a hindrance like I used to be.”</p>

      <p>“You are strong, yeah,” I agreed.</p>

      <p>“Really? I’m helpful?”</p>

      <p>“Of course you are. You’re a lifesaver.”</p>

      <p>“I’m so glad,” she said, pausing a moment. “Then, I want a reward.”</p>

      <p>“A reward?”</p>

      <p>She came closer until her pretty face was right in front of my own. Our toes were touching. She smiled meaningfully before standing on her tiptoes...and pressing her lips into mine.</p>

      <p>The sensation of her soft lips and hot breath blossomed across my skin. Her hands joined behind my back and she pulled herself into me. It was the second time we’d kissed.</p>

      <p><em>Well, if we’re doing this, then I should...</em> Carefully, I wrapped my own hands behind her back, embracing her and closing my eyes.</p>

      <p>And so, we held each other in the dappled gloom of the Great Forest.</p>

      <p>A good half a minute of kissing passed, and just when I was thinking that it would end, she put her weight onto me, and I fell softly back onto the forest floor. She straddled my lap, then fumbled at the buttons of my shirt, undoing them.</p>

      <p>“Did you know?” she asked. “There’s a legend in elven culture—if you have your first time in the forest, you’ll be with your lover for life.”</p>

      <p>“O-Oh...” No, I hadn’t known that...</p>

      <p><em>Wait...? Hang on?!</em></p>

      <p>The forest was quiet, and there was no one around but us. While I was dazed, her fingers made their way along my body.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...mmm.”</p>

      <p>“Mhm.”</p>

      <p>She stole my lips again. Unlike last time, I couldn’t even close my eyes. Lucy and I were the same, both flushed with arousal, and I could feel her body temperature climbing.</p>

      <p>My belt fell to the ground with a clatter.</p>

      <p>“L-Lucy...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry...leave it to me.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>