<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Oh! They <em>were</em> getting along! That was fantastic. Sakurai and I exchanged looks and shared a laugh.</p>

      <p>I was exhausted as well, so some warm soup sounded perfect.</p>

      <p>However, before I even took a step, someone spoke to me. “Uh...Hero of Roses?”</p>

      <p>I turned around and locked eyes with a sailor. “Yes, what is it?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“We’re extremely grateful to you for defeating the blight dragon. We understand that there was no other choice...but we have a problem.”</p>

      <p>I looked at him questioningly, and he quickly clarified, “Your spell froze the sea, so we cannot move the ship... Could you melt the water?”</p>

      <p>“Ah.” Looking around us, I realized that the sea was still covered in ice as far as I could see.</p>

      <p><em>I went too far! I need to get it back to normal. H-Hey, elementaaaals...</em></p>

      <p>They didn’t answer.</p>

      <p>S-Seriously?</p>

      <p>Well, they <em>were </em>whimsical. Sometimes they’d happily help you, only to ignore you soon after. They’d already helped me so much today, so I’d figured that they might still be around...</p>

      <p>I...was going to have to melt the sea on my own, wasn’t I?</p>

      <p>There were no other mages on board with a <em>Water Magic </em>skill, so I was left with the sorry task of fixing it. Though, it <em>was</em> me that froze the ocean to begin with... Oh well.</p>

      <p>I sighed.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Hours later, I was still melting ice, but there was so much left.</p>

      <p>Sakurai had offered to help, but I’d told him to rest since he was probably tired from defeating the blight dragon.</p>

      <p><em>I might end up spending all night on this...</em></p>

      <p>Just as that thought crossed my mind, someone came up behind me. I turned around and saw Furiae bundled up in a thick coat.</p>

      <p>“What’s with the jacket, Princess?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I borrowed it from Noelle since it’s so cold.”</p>

      <p>Those two...were friendly enough to borrow and lend clothes?</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” I said. “It’s going to take a while.”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine. I came outside because I didn’t want you to have to do it all on your own. Plus, I didn’t want to get in the way of Noelle and Ryousuke.”</p>

      <p>I was slightly surprised to hear that. I was sure that Furiae had feelings for Sakurai and wanted nothing more than to get in the way of their romance.</p>

      <p>That thought must have shown on my face.</p>

      <p>“My knight.”</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>“You are mistaken,” she stated. “I don’t want to take Ryousuke from Noelle. I’m just grateful that he was my ally—my <em>only</em> ally—when I was captured by Highland.”</p>

      <p>“Really?”</p>

      <p>“I have you, the mage, and the warrior now. All of you are my allies as well, so...I’m fine.”</p>

      <p>She stared out at the icy sea with an enigmatic expression, and I couldn’t really tell what she was thinking.</p>

      <p>“Let’s head back to Cameron as soon as possible,” I suggested. “Lucy and Sasa are waiting for us.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s. Shall I help you?” asked Furiae.</p>

      <p>“Hm, but you can’t use <em>Water Magic</em> skills, so...”</p>

      <p>Several bouts of trial and error later, we managed to use <em>Synchro</em> and <em>Charm</em> to get the water elementals back to normal. After about an hour, all the ice was melted, and we could head safely back to the capital.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>