<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Makoto Takatsuki Learns <em>Mana Blade</em></h1>

      <p>The celebration continued into the night, and as midnight came and went, we finally headed home. Everyone else had gone to sleep, but I couldn’t settle down. Instead, I went out to my back garden to train.</p>

      <p>“Nrow, nrow,” mewed the same black cat who was always around. Guess it was hungry.</p>

      <p>I went over to the water and used magic to catch some fish for it. When the fish flopped onto land, the cat pounced and started chowing down.</p>

      <p>I stroked its fur as I considered the day’s events.</p>

      <p><em>We would’ve been in a way worse position if Prince Leonardo hadn’t been there... </em>It was honestly a miracle no one had died.</p>

      <p>Fujiyan had said that Macallan’s population was growing because a hero (me) lived in the town. But the hero’s role was to stand on the front line when the town was in danger. The Temple Knights, adventurers, and volunteer soldiers had all become my subordinates.</p>

      <p>I sighed mentally.</p>

      <p><em>So that’s a hero’s duty, huh? </em>It all weighed heavily on me.</p>

      <p>In the first RPG I’d ever played, the hero saved a princess from a dragon all on his own and then defeated the demon lord.</p>

      <p><em>I wish things were like that... </em>If they were, I could travel how I liked, visit whatever towns I wanted, and go on adventures on a whim. I <em>did </em>still enjoy adventuring with Lucy and Sasa.</p>

      <p>Just...having responsibility over people I didn’t even know was a lot of pressure...and I didn’t really want it. Maybe I was selfish.</p>

      <p>I peered up at the clouds that obscured the moon and turned things over in my head.</p>

      <p>“Makoto?” a voice called out suddenly. “Are you training?”</p>

      <p>I turned and saw that the question had come from Prince Leonardo. The black cat must have been surprised by a new person in the garden because it bolted off.</p>

      <p>“What’s up?” I asked. “You shouldn’t stay up all night.”</p>

      <p>Prince Leonardo was silent for a moment. Eventually, he said, “Please, don’t treat me like a child.” His voice seemed distinctly pouty.</p>

      <p><em>Adorable.</em></p>

      <p>“Excuse me, Prince.” Back in my old world, someone his age would be an elementary schooler, so to me, he was a kid no matter how you sliced it. I guess in this world, though, he was a hero charged with the safety of the continent...</p>

      <p>What a tough life.</p>

      <p>“These were made with water magic, right?” he asked, pointing at the water butterflies flitting around the area. “There are so many!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’m just practicing. Well, and reviewing my skills.”</p>

      <p>I explained the battle with the green dragon, telling the prince about how weak my magic had been, and how hard it’d been to channel the elementals.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Prince Leonardo mused. “So you can’t show your full strength when there’s no water around...and the number of water elementals in an area also affects your power, rendering your magic stronger or weaker. On top of those things, an opponent’s resistance or vulnerability to<em> Water Magic</em> spells can determine the outcome of a battle...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... There are a lot of hangups with my magic,” I joked.</p>

      <p>The prince’s expression remained serious. “I think we should share that information with the general HQ in Highland.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“By ‘HQ,’ I mean the group of people responsible for the Northern Front Plan. Sophia and I participate in the meetings periodically.”</p>

      <p>“Oh... So defeating the demon lord’s going to be Sakurai’s job, then?” After all, he was (being treated as) the legendary savior’s reincarnation.</p>

      <p>At my question, the prince’s expression clouded over. “A team of heroes from the six nations will be challenging the demon lord... Well, that <em>was</em> the plan, but Roses’s hero was seen as too young...and left out of the group.”</p>

      <p>“I-I see...” Maybe I shouldn’t have asked.</p>

      <p>“But!” he exclaimed, lifting his face and smiling brightly. “A Hero of Roses—one who’s capable of defeating five thousand ancient monsters alone—suddenly appeared.”</p>

      <p>“Guh...” <em>Guess that’s me.</em></p>

      <p>“I don’t know the full details, but the staff seems to be planning to include you as part of the main force.”</p>

      <p>“Seriously...?” I asked. Honestly, I couldn’t even defeat a stray green dragon on my own...</p>

      <p>“But your explanation might mean that you’d be better suited to one of the other demon lords, rather than the King of Beasts.”</p>

      <p><em>Another one...?</em></p>

      <p>“Like maybe the King of the Ancient Drakes,” the prince continued, “or the Abyssal King...?”</p>

      <p>Zagan, the King of Beasts, reigned over much of the demon continent.</p>

      <p>Forneus, the Abyssal King, controlled the seas around it.</p>

      <p>And finally, Astaroth, the King of Ancient Drakes, ruled the air.</p>

      <p>These three demon lords were like the army, navy, and air force of the demon continent.</p>

      <p>“The current plan is to target Zagan, right?” I asked. That’s what the knight commander had told me in Highland.</p>

      <p>The idea of facing all three at once felt like too much...like we’d suffer too many casualties. Zagan was the primary target because he was positioned to cause the most damage to our forces. The Abyssal King controlled the seas and had sea monsters as subordinates, which meant that they wouldn’t attack us on land; the King of Ancient Drakes was the demon continent’s guardian, so he rarely left it. On the other hand, the King of Beasts was the demon lord who would supposedly attack the four continents—he would try to subjugate and then rule the entire world as the Great Demon Lord returned.</p>

      <p>Because of this, the working plan was to defeat Zagan.</p>

      <p>“It is,” Prince Leonardo confirmed. “The main force will fight against the King of Beasts while other detachments keep the other two busy—this should work to hold off any reinforcements.”</p>

      <p>“I get it. I guess the other demon lords wouldn’t just sit and watch us attack.” If this was the plan, then the battlefield against the Abyssal King would be the sea... I’d be best there.</p>

      <p>“I’ll inform the staff,” the prince promised. That was a relief. “And I’ll follow your example and train.”</p>

      <p>As he spoke, the prince slipped the sword at his waist from its sheath and began swinging it. The blue-green blade whistled through the air, shining faintly as it left trailing arcs in its wake.</p>

      <p>Right...that was the magic sword that had bisected the green dragon.</p>

      <p>“Prince Leonardo, what is that sword?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“This is the holy sword Ascalon, passed down through the Roses family line. They told me I had to learn how to use it now that the Great Demon Lord is returning...”</p>

      <p>“Oh! A holy sword? Can I see?” I hadn’t ever used a holy sword before!</p>

      <p>“Here, go ahead,” he said, passing it to me.</p>

      <p>As I held it, I noticed magic circles engraved into the blade. There was a holy sword in my hands, but—</p>

      <p>“Ugh, heavy.”</p>

      <p>—it weighed too much. I doubted I’d even be able to wield it.</p>

      <p>And to think, the prince had been swinging it around like it was nothing...</p>

      <p>“Take it back,” I said. “Also, why’s it not shining like when you defeated the green dragon?” The light surrounding it had been much brighter during the battle.</p>

      <p>“That’s my mana encompassing it. My <em>Ice Sword</em> skill makes the mana glow blue.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p><em>Mana around the sword... So that was something you could do?</em></p>

      <p>“I’ll give it a go.”</p>

      <p>“What?” asked the prince.</p>

      <p>I drew Noah’s dagger. <em>Elementals,</em> I called mentally as I lifted my blade into the air. I focused on directing the mana from the water elementals into the dagger.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” I uttered, startled. “The elementals are...being absorbed?”</p>

      <p>Several of the elementals had become one with the dagger, and my blade was now shining brightly. At the same time, I could feel a pulsing...like the dagger was alive.</p>

      <p>“Makoto!” the prince called in a slight panic, bringing me back down to earth.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I realized that my dagger was starting to keen unsettlingly.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? What’s happening? </em>I wondered. <em>Oh...guess I need to control the mana better.</em></p>

      <p>“M-Makoto! It’s going out of control!” he yelled.</p>

      <p>“Wait a minute,” I requested, using <em>Calm Mind</em> to control the mana. I spun the turbulent mana into more of an organized vortex—the sound of my blade morphed into more of a pleasant chime, and there was now a dense layer of mana swirling around it.</p>

      <p><em>Nice.</em></p>

      <p>“Y-You controlled it?”</p>

      <p>“I got more mana from the elementals than I expected...so I messed up a bit.”</p>

      <p>“It feels like there’s king class mana in that dagger...” murmured the prince.</p>

      <p>“It’s great. Seems pretty easy to use as well.”</p>

      <p>If a mage gathered too much mana, then they could get manasick and lose control. But, if the mana was being stored in the dagger, I could be safe from that side effect. I had a feeling that this skill would be useful in the future.</p>

      <p>“Wow... There’s as much mana in that dagger as in a dozen mages...”</p>

      <p>“There’s that much?” I asked. <em>I should probably take that statement with a grain of salt.</em></p>

      <p>I gazed down at the shining dagger in my hand. <em>What to do with it... Hmmm...</em></p>

      <p>After pondering a moment, I lifted my arm and swung the dagger at the sky. A low <em>vworp</em> sounded from the blade, and a massive crescent of magic flew from it. The magic sheared through the sky, ripping apart the clouds that blocked the moon.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>