<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Once she’d spoken, she carried on with the kissing. I was trying to figure out how to respond, but suddenly, I saw a small red light floating in the corner of my eye.</p>

      <p>I’d never seen it before...but I’d seen similar things.</p>

      <p><em>An elemental? </em>I wondered.<em> But if it’s red, it must be a fire elemental...</em></p>

      <p>I recalled the last time Lucy and I had kissed... I was sure I’d seen the same kind of thing. So, kissing Lucy let me see fire elementals?</p>

      <p>“Makoto...do you not want to?” she asked.</p>

      <p>I must have drifted away because Lucy was looking at me, her eyes filled with worry.</p>

      <p>“That’s not it,” I replied. I put the light out of my mind and strengthened my hold on her.</p>

      <p>As I placed my hand on her exposed chest, she let out an adorable mewl. Her scarlet face and look of suppressed embarrassment were all gorgeous.</p>

      <p><em>Go! Become a man, Makoto! Go for it!</em></p>

      <p>It would’ve been even better if Noah wasn’t watching... I ignored the peeping, eavesdropping goddess and focused my attention back on Lucy.</p>

      <p>But just then, there was a roar.</p>

      <p>Out of nowhere, a big ogre lunged from where it must’ve been lurking among the trees. For just a moment, I contemplated what to do, but then, I decided to try using the fire elemental.</p>

      <p>Lucy had stiffened. I held my hand out toward the ogre.</p>

      <p>“<em>Fire Magic: Fire Lance</em>.”</p>

      <p>A blast of fire in the shape of a spear burst forth from my hand and pierced the big ogre. It didn’t even have a chance to scream before it was reduced to cinders.</p>

      <p><em>Th-That’s insane!</em></p>

      <p>“M-Makoto,” Lucy stammered, seeming dazed, “did you just use a <em>Fire Magic</em> spell?”</p>

      <p>“It’s dangerous here,” I said, not exactly answering. “Shall we head back to town?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah...”</p>

      <p>We dressed ourselves and then hurried to Macallan.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Makoto and I got really close in the Great Forest today!” Lucy announced to the other female adventurers at the guild bar. They all cried out in response.</p>

      <p><em>Well, it’s not like we went all the way... Plus, Lucy, that’s embarrassing.</em> I wished she wouldn’t go and tell everyone.</p>

      <p>Mary and Sasa both eagerly crowded around me.</p>

      <p>“Really, Makoto?!”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, tell me everything!”</p>

      <p>Furiae, on the other hand, was looking coldly at me.</p>

      <p>“So you weren’t adventuring. You were doing...that?”</p>

      <p>Well, that was just how things had gone... Either way, I ended up needing to explain everything over dinner.</p>

      <p>That night, when I began my usual training, I remembered what had happened earlier.</p>

      <p><em>When Lucy kissed me, I saw fire elementals...</em></p>

      <p>How exactly did that work? I’d need to ask Noah about it later.</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, I’d fallen asleep, those thoughts still on my mind.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Aya Sasaki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p><em>It happened in the third year of junior high.</em></p>

      <p>We were currently studying in a burger shop. Takatsuki had been doing math problems for the past little while.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki?” I called out.</p>

      <p>“Hm?” he replied, glancing up from the book. He could concentrate for hours if I left him alone. It was honestly impressive... “What’s up, Sasa?”</p>

      <p>“Should we take a break?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, may as well.”</p>

      <p>Unlike him, my concentration had run out quite a while ago, but I’d stayed here because I hadn’t wanted to disturb him.</p>

      <p><em>Two whole hours without speaking... </em>If he’d been one of the girls, he’d have been talking within ten minutes.</p>

      <p>Takatsuki bought a (vanilla) McShake, probably because he wanted something sweet. Maybe I did too.</p>

      <p>“Give me a sip,” I requested.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Sure,” he replied. I took the cup and sucked on the straw.</p>

      <p><em>So sweet! This is great.</em></p>

      <p>I noticed that Takatsuki had reddened slightly.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, because of the indirect kiss...</em> Well, whatever. It wasn’t anything new. I’d buy him a salty snack later to make up for it.</p>

      <p>I was bored of studying, so I struck up a conversation. The topic wandered all over the place for a while, but then, I had a sudden thought.</p>

      <p>“Hey, why do you want to go to East Shinagawa High?” I asked him.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s where you’re going, right?”</p>

      <p>“What?” <em>He wanted to go to the same school as me?</em></p>

      <p>“School is better when you’re with a friend, right?” After he spoke, he looked away in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Ah...yeah.”</p>

      <p><em>O-Oh...he wanted to be with me.</em></p>

      <p>That made me kinda happy.</p>

      <p>I don’t remember when I first started to have feelings for Takatsuki...but it was probably during those exams that I was most aware of him. I’d prop my chin up on my hand, complain about how studying was boring, and watch him read reference books for hours.</p>

      <p>It turned out that we both got into the same school and even ended up in the same class.</p>

      <p>When he became close to Fujiwara, I was a bit jealous. Regardless, it was a good thing that he had friends besides me. Gradually, the three of us started to hang out, though Takatsuki and I spent time together still, just the two of us.</p>

      <p>It was nearing Christmas, and I’d just decided to confess my feelings to him. But then, it happened—I died and reincarnated as a lamia in another world.</p>

      <p>I’d been reborn in a pitch-black dungeon. Creepy bugs crawled all over the cold stone, and that was my bed. I had nothing to wear. There wasn’t much food, and in order to survive, I had to eat whatever I could get my hands on.</p>

      <p>Considering my upbringing in Japan, it was a painful environment to live in. The days were hard and lonely, and I was pathetic.</p>

      <p>At first, I did nothing but cry.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, god, why did this happen to me?</em></p>

      <p>Wherever I went, there were only monsters. Well, there <em>were</em> humans. They were called adventurers in this world, and they were enemies of monsters...monsters who saw them only as food. And I was a lamia, a monster that ate humans...a freak.</p>

      <p>The one silver lining was that I wasn’t alone—I had my sisters and mother. Eventually, I even got used to hunting, and I started to love my family.</p>

      <p>But then...they all died.</p>

      <p><em>It’s the worst, the worst, the worst! Whywhywhywhywhy?! Why did this happen?! If only I didn’t remember my old world! I don’t need these memories! If only I could’ve lived as a monster from the start...</em></p>

      <p>I had those thoughts hundreds of times. It was harsh...and painful.</p>

      <p>Being able to remember the fun I’d had in my old life made my existence in the dungeon seem even more desolate. I wanted to believe that it was a dream, that I’d wake up back in Japan. And yet, every time I opened my eyes to see the grim dungeon around me, I grew more and more depressed.</p>

      <p>The only reason I didn’t end it all was because I wanted vengeance for my family.</p>

      <p>If I’d stayed there, I would’ve lost my mind, would’ve gone insane, gotten revenge, and then lost the will to live. I would’ve slipped away in the night...</p>

      <p>But...I met Takatsuki again.</p>

      <p>He rescued me. And he didn’t even care that I was a monster.</p>

      <p>His lifestyle as an adventurer had calmed him down a bit, and he’d gotten kinda cool! He was still the same old Takatsuki though...the boy I loved.</p>

      <p>And he’d saved me. He’d asked me to come with him.</p>

      <p>Compared to the hell of living alone in the dungeon, life in Macallan was practically a shining jewel. I just wanted to be with him. That was all, nothing else—I just wanted Takatsuki. I...didn’t want to be alone anymore.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p><em>Mmm...what’s so heavy?</em> I wondered as I stirred awake.</p>

      <p>I felt something touching my face, and I tried to brush it off, cracking my eyes open as I did. A pair of eyes met mine, lit by the faint light from the moon and a lamp.</p>

      <p>A cat? No, they were bigger.</p>

      <p>Sasa was on top of me...and her hair was tickling my face.</p>

      <p>I glanced around. It was my room all right—nothing else was out of place, and I was on my bed.</p>

      <p>“U-Um, Sasa...what are you doing?”</p>

      <p>“I came to hang out,” she said with a teasing grin. It was an expression I’d seen on my friend’s face countless times since junior high, so I knew...</p>

      <p>It definitely spelled trouble!</p>

      <p><em>Uh, Sasa?</em></p>

      <p>The room was dark, so there was barely any light reflected in her gaze. She smiled cutely with those dark eyes.</p>

      <p>Honestly...I was kinda scared.</p>

      <p>“S-So what brings you here at this time of night?”</p>

      <p>“Night crawling of course, Takatsuki! ♡”</p>

      <p><em>Night— Wait. </em>That<em> night crawling?! </em>What had brought this on? Was it because of Lucy?</p>

      <p>“You know I can’t get up with you on top of me,” I said. “Mind moving over?”</p>

      <p>She had her elbows braced on either side of my head and her face was hovering right above mine. I was locked in place.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...” She didn’t move, and our faces were so close that our noses touched. “You haven’t done it with Lucy yet, have you?”</p>

      <p>“Oh...you’re talking about what Lucy said at dinner? No, we didn’t—we were interrupted.”</p>

      <p>“I see.” Sasa chuckled before turning serious. “You know, I’ve liked you since our third year in junior high.”</p>

      <p>“Sasa...”</p>

      <p>“Though, to you, I guess I was just a friend that happened to be a girl...” Her voice sounded sad, and she looked away.</p>

      <p>“Eh?” So...she wanted to know what I thought of her...? “I’ve felt the same way since fall of our first year.” If anything, I’d liked her for longer than she’d liked me.</p>

      <p>There was a long pause.</p>

      <p>“What? S-So you’ve had feelings for me since...right after we met?”</p>

      <p>“Honestly, pretty much since you first came to my house to hang out.” I’d been very conscious of her, considering that she was the first girl that’d ever come over to my place.</p>

      <p>“Th-That was all it took?” she asked, flabbergasted.</p>

      <p>I mean, I’d been a simple creature in junior high...</p>

      <p>“You came over when my parents were out, all on your own...that was a pretty big thing to me.” Plus, she’d been all too happy to roll around on my bed, and I’d seen right up her skirt. I hadn’t been able to sleep in my bed that night... I could just smell her.</p>

      <p>“What? Whaaat?! H-Hang on!”</p>

      <p>She pressed her hands into her flustered cheeks. “S-So, since our third year...our feelings have been mutual?”</p>

      <p>“Seems that way,” I replied.</p>

      <p>I hadn’t known that she felt anything for me. She was fairly popular with the other boys, so I’d given up on her going out with someone like me.</p>

      <p>“N-No way... S-So... Uh... Wh-What about now?”</p>

      <p>My friend’s familiar, slightly round face peered at me. She had a bit of a baby face and looked almost like a friendly hamster. The strange over-awareness I’d felt around her since junior high resurfaced, but I had <em>Calm Mind</em> now, so I could at least act more relaxed.</p>

      <p>“I feel the same way.”</p>

      <p>At that, she let out a deep sigh, collapsing next to me on the bed.</p>

      <p>“And I was so nervous to tell you how I felt...”</p>

      <p>“You were?”</p>

      <p>“I was!” she exclaimed, shooting angrily up. “I heard you’d gotten close to Lu, and I didn’t know what I’d do...! You really haven’t gone all the way with her?”</p>

      <p>I paused for a moment. “Come on...” She didn’t need to keep bringing it up. “I didn’t,” I admitted after a moment.</p>

      <p>Sasa let out a smug noise. “Right. By the way, I’ve got something I want to ask of you.”</p>

      <p>“If it’s something I can do, then I will,” I agreed hesitantly. My heart was throbbing in my chest as I waited.</p>

      <p>“I want a family, Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>“A family?” I didn’t get what she meant.</p>

      <p>She looked at me bashfully before bringing her face close again. Her breath ghosted against my ear as she whispered.</p>

      <p>“I want your children.”</p>

      <p>“Bwuh?! S-Sasa... Wait a—”</p>

      <p>“Nope, no waiting.”</p>

      <p>She put a chill hand on my cheek before she brought her lips down to touch mine. Her body was on top of me, and I couldn’t escape.</p>

      <p>She stripped my shirt off. “Come on...undress me...” she murmured.</p>

      <p>I groaned and raised my hand to her top, my fingers undoing the buttons that held it closed.</p>

      <p>Our lips overlapped again.</p>

      <p>I...was <em>with</em> Sasa...the girl I’d wanted for so long...</p>

      <p>“Huh? Takatsuki? You’re breathing heavily.” She grinned challengingly.</p>

      <p>I didn’t answer, just held her naked body close. She responded in kind, holding me tightly. Our heavy breaths were the only sound in the room as we gazed into each other’s eyes.</p>

      <p>“Let’s do it...” she whispered.</p>

      <p>“Sasa...”</p>

      <p>No more words were needed. We just held each other and—</p>

      <p>“Aya! Hold up!” Lucy burst in without knocking.</p>

      <p>“No getting in the way, Lu,” Sasa pouted.</p>

      <p>“L-Lucy? You heard?”</p>

      <p>“The window’s open—of course I heard!”</p>

      <p>The window was indeed open. Still, Sasa didn’t seem to care. “Let’s just carry on,” she said to me.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What are you planning, Aya?!” exclaimed Lucy.</p>

      <p>“Trying for a kid.”</p>

      <p>“Tr—” Lucy couldn’t finish the phrase.</p>

      <p><em>Sasa, you didn’t need to put it like that...</em></p>

      <p>“Then I should be with you as well!” In an instant, Lucy had whipped her top off and climbed onto the bed.</p>

      <p>Both of them?!</p>

      <p>Lucy gave Sasa a sidelong glare, which was returned in kind.</p>

      <p><em>A-Am I going to die here?!</em> I thought, but it didn’t develop into a fight.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>“Makoto...”</p>

      <p>They both crawled toward me, their eyes heated.</p>

      <p>“Sasa, Lucy, calm down and—”</p>

      <p>“Not happening.”</p>

      <p>“Nope. ♡”</p>

      <p>They ignored me and pushed me back. I didn’t have the strength to resist.</p>

      <p><em>Today’s the day I become an adult...</em></p>

      <p>But suddenly, I heard a yell from a voice I recognized.</p>

      <p>“Keep it down!” Furiae roared angrily. “Sleep until morning! <em>Curse of Slumber</em>!”</p>

      <p>As soon as the words were out of her mouth, I felt a wave of irresistible exhaustion. Just before I closed my eyes, I managed to glimpse Sasa and Lucy sleeping at my side.</p>

      <p><em>Wow, she got them both too... </em>Lucy and Sasa were powerful in their own rights, and I’d kinda had this image of strong characters resisting debuffs. Well, I guess that’s the priestess of curses for you.</p>

      <p>I lost consciousness.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>