<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Wh-What the hell? This came out of nowhere! What’d happen—</p>

      <p>That was as far as my thoughts got before Noah cut me off.</p>

      <p><em>You’re </em>Charm<em>ing her,</em> she informed me.</p>

      <p>It was that comment that finally made me notice my slipup—I’d apparently activated my <em>Charm</em> skill while half asleep.</p>

      <p>Frantically, I closed my eyes and cut off the mana. When I opened them again, I saw a taken aback expression on her face. She stood up and backed rapidly away. Then, she went pale.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What in the world did I do...” She stared at her palms in disbelief.</p>

      <p>“P-Princess Sophia...?”</p>

      <p>“But...I need to stay pure as a priestess in communion with Eir...” She staggered her way down to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Please...Lady Eir, forgive my foolish acts...” she began to mumble, putting her hands together as she stared up at the ceiling.</p>

      <p><em>This went way too far... </em>It was my fault, but we were past the point of no return. I stood there, stupefied, as I watched her pray.</p>

      <p>Just as it seemed like it would never end and the air was going to suffocate me, she suddenly fell silent. I couldn’t hear her voice anymore. The mana in the air prickled at my senses, and the water elementals that were usually around had gone. Instead, holy mana filled the room.</p>

      <p>“What <em>are</em> you doing, Mako?” Sophia asked affably. Her expression didn’t match her usual aloof look though...and her eyes were glowing gold.</p>

      <p><em>So...</em></p>

      <p>“E-Eir?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Yup, that’s me!” She winked, sticking her fingers up in a peace sign. She sure was playful...</p>

      <p>“I can’t let you get away with using <em>Charm</em> on my Sophie, though.”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m so sorry!” I yelled, dropping to my knees. “U-Um...can she not be a priestess anymore?” If so, I’d committed a capital offense.</p>

      <p>However the reply Eir gave...was not one I’d expected. “Hmm, it doesn’t really matter if a priestess is pure, you know?”</p>

      <p>“What?!” I exclaimed. “It doesn’t?” But Princess Noelle had said that was a requirement...</p>

      <p>“That’s just a rule humans came up with,” stated Eir.</p>

      <p>“It is? Why’d they come up with that?”</p>

      <p>She laughed at my question. “Well, if a priestess gets a lover, the churches will have more to do, right? Plus if the guy behaved poorly, it’d reflect upon the church. Humans have it tough, huh?” Her tone was casual and seemingly unconcerned.</p>

      <p>Well, I guess it really <em>didn’t</em> concern her. It’s not like the goddesses would care much about how human society worked.</p>

      <p>“Anyway, that’s how it is,” said Eir. “You make sure you treat Sophia well! I’ll let you do it!”</p>

      <p>I...had her permission. Though, I suppose she’d given it a while ago.</p>

      <p>“Oh, right. I need to warn you about something—your water magic mastery is high, so if you use <em>Synchro </em>with a water mage, it’ll have side effects on them. Keep it low-key from now on!”</p>

      <p>“Side effects?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“It might be temporary, but the skill combines your mana with someone else’s,” she explained. “With your mastery level, mixing mana makes them feel <em>good</em>. This time, that side effect doubled up with your <em>Charm</em> skill...and that’s how Sophie ended up kissing you.”</p>

      <p>S-So that’s how it happened... I always used <em>Synchro</em> pretty freely with her.</p>

      <p>After a moment of thought, I made a promise. “I’ll be more careful.” I’d definitely keep it in check next time.</p>

      <p>“Glad to hear it, but that’s not enough to make up for this mess! You made my cute little Sophie cry...”</p>

      <p>“Urk.”</p>

      <p>Eir’s grin looked like Noah’s when she was scheming.</p>

      <p><em>Rude!</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, you were watching, Noah?” Eir asked.</p>

      <p><em>What are you going to do to my Makoto?</em></p>

      <p>“Hm, I figured I’d make him Sophie’s fiancé. I mean, she’s not getting anywhere any time soon.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, that works. Good for you, Makoto. You’ve got the most influential fiancée in Roses.</em></p>

      <p>“G-Goddess?!”</p>

      <p>This wasn’t how I’d expected things to go!</p>

      <p>“Are you going to refuse? You know using <em>Charm</em> on a priestess calls for divine retribution, right?”</p>

      <p><em>Are you a man or not? Take responsibility.</em></p>

      <p>“U-Um... What about how Princess Sophia feels?” Wasn’t that the most important thing here?</p>

      <p>“Ah, no worries, no worries,” said Eir. “I’ll give her a revelation.”</p>

      <p>I’m pretty sure revelations aren’t supposed to be handed out so lightly...</p>

      <p>“Gimme a minute,” she continued, “I’m going to talk to Sophie in her dreams.”</p>

      <p>As she spoke, Princess Sophia crumpled to the floor. I hurriedly caught her, but since I couldn’t just hold her in my arms, I draped her across a nearby chair.</p>

      <p>It took about fifteen minutes before she woke up.</p>

      <p>Her eyes were blue as she blinked. Sophia was back all right.</p>

      <p>She slowly looked my way. Neither of us spoke, but her cheeks grew pink as she stared at me.</p>

      <p>The moment dragged on for a long while, so hesitantly, I broke the silence.</p>

      <p>“Sophia...are you feeling all right?”</p>

      <p>“I look forward to our partnership...” she murmured. “My fiancé...”</p>

      <p>Apparently, Eir <em>had</em> filled her in.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>A really awkward silence stifled the room.</p>

      <p>Lucy was sullenly resting her cheek in her hand. Sasa was smiling for some reason and stroking the black cat on her lap.</p>

      <p><em>When’d you get inside?</em></p>

      <p>Princess Sophia looked even more expressionless than when we’d first met. It was how she looked when she was nervous.</p>

      <p>The three beauties stared at me and I felt my stomach churn painfully.</p>

      <p>On the side, Furiae eagerly asked if there was going to be a catfight.</p>

      <p><em>Well, at least </em>somebody <em>is having fun.</em></p>

      <p>So, how did this happen? It’d started five minutes ago...<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Um...Princess Sophia is actually my fiancée now...” I said, plunging the room into silence.</p>

      <p>Lucy had just asked why Princess Sophia was here in addition to the normal four of us, and I’d explained. I’d known this would happen when I admitted it... But I couldn’t <em>not </em>say it.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?” asked Lucy. “I’m your girlfriend, right?”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...you admitted that we’d felt the same way about each other since junior high,” said Sasa accusingly, “and then you do <em>this</em>?”</p>

      <p>It felt like two straight fireballs were whizzing my way.</p>

      <p><em>B-Be cool,</em> I told myself.</p>

      <p><em>Calm Mind </em>was...at a normal level? No! I don’t get it!</p>

      <p>N-Noah! Help!</p>

      <p><em>Good luck!</em></p>

      <p>Where’s that divine guidance?!</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto, these two are your lovers?” Princess Sophia asked. Her expression hadn’t changed, but her voice shook slightly.</p>

      <p>“Yup.”</p>

      <p>“We are.”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa’s voices were like ice.</p>

      <p>“I see... Of course the hero’s companions are also his lovers...” she slumped.</p>

      <p>I...hadn’t mentioned it? Yeah, guess I hadn’t.</p>

      <p>“So, are you saying that since you’re engaged to the princess, we’re breaking up?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“Aww, so you’re switching from commoners to a princess,” said Sasa.</p>

      <p>I didn’t quite follow what either of them was saying. The princess and I looked at each other in surprise.</p>

      <p>“Is that true?” I asked Sophia.</p>

      <p>“N-No! I didn’t say that at all!” Sophia cried, shaking her head.</p>

      <p>“Oh, this isn’t a ‘Makoto is mine now!’ thing?” asked Lucy.</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” added Sasa, “you’re not going to give us a five-meter restraining order?”</p>

      <p>Both of them seemed somewhat confused.</p>

      <p><em>That’s</em> what they’d been imagining? Princess Sophia wouldn’t do that stuff...at least, I didn’t think so.</p>

      <p>“How in the world do you see me?!” Sophia wailed.</p>

      <p>“A coldhearted princess?”</p>

      <p>“A villainess?”</p>

      <p>“Hey,” I interjected. Lucy and Sasa weren’t being fair. Although I’d honestly agreed with them when I’d first met Sophia.</p>

      <p>“A coldhearted...villainess...” The princess slumped.</p>

      <p>Yup, they’d really gotten to her.</p>

      <p>“So...we can just keep things like they were?” Lucy wondered.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind as long as I can stay with Takatsuki...” Sasa said.</p>

      <p>They didn’t look entirely in agreement, but they were at least a lot calmer now. The atmosphere in the dining room was still awkward though.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto...” Princess Sophia whispered into my ear. “Your companions have accepted me...right?”</p>

      <p>“More or less...” I answered quietly. “Let’s go with it, Sophia.”</p>

      <p>After a moment, Lucy broke the overall silence with a cold look and a question that addressed the elephant in the room. “So, why’re you suddenly engaged? It came out of nowhere.”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia answered her. “I became engaged with Hero Makoto due to a revelation.”</p>

      <p>“Revelation?” Sasa parroted.</p>

      <p>“Something she was instructed to do by her goddess,” explained Furiae. “It’s possible for the priestesses.”</p>

      <p>Well, the final push <em>had</em> been that revelation, so she wasn’t wrong per se...</p>

      <p>“Oh? So the two of you don’t have feelings for each other?” Sasa asked, apparently relieved.</p>

      <p>“So, as a hero,” Lucy clarified, “it’s just his duty?”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia’s eyebrow twitched.</p>

      <p>“Heroes being engaged to priestesses is common and widely announced to relax the populace,” drawled Furiae in a bored tone. “It happened in Highland too. It works to raise morale.”</p>

      <p>Maybe she was remembering Sakurai and Princess Noelle.</p>

      <p>“Oh, a hero’s duty. Oh well then.”</p>

      <p>“What was the point in all that shock, Lu?”</p>

      <p>“You were angry too, Aya.”</p>

      <p>“Jeez, Makoto. You should have said that from the start.”</p>

      <p>Apparently Lucy and Sasa had accepted it...at least, in terms of a political measure.</p>

      <p><em>Phew, what a rel—</em></p>

      <p>“That’s not right,” Princess Sophia muttered.</p>

      <p>“What?” the other pair asked in unison.</p>

      <p>“I-I love Hero Makoto!”</p>

      <p>Everyone looked at her in shock.</p>

      <p>“We even kissed so fiercely today...”</p>

      <p><em>H-Hang on?! That was because of </em>Charm<em>.</em></p>

      <p>“What?” Lucy and Sasa’s gazes slowly pivoted toward me.</p>

      <p>They felt bloodthirsty!!! Even <em>Sense</em> <em>Danger </em>was going off!</p>

      <p>“Oh... So you kissed Princess Sophia?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmph, you’re just the same as Sakurai. Boys from second grade all work fast...”</p>

      <p>They were terrifying. I thought I could hear Furiae muttering something about me being popular.</p>

      <p><em>Enough from the peanut gallery!</em></p>

      <p>Even the black cat seemed to recognize the danger and moved from Sasa to Furiae.</p>

      <p>“Nrow, nrow.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? You want my grilled fish?” asked Furiae. “You lowly kitten.” Still, she separated some from her plate and fed it to the cat.</p>

      <p>Things were peaceful over on that side! <em>Come on, help me out here!</em></p>

      <p>“So, my knight? Which of the three do you like the most?”</p>

      <p>“Furiae?!” I sputtered out.</p>

      <p>Lucy, Sasa, and Sophia... All three of them stared at me. Then, the intensity of their gazes seemed to combine.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto...”</p>

      <p>The three were boring holes into me with their eyes. They were actually moving closer to me, but by the time I realized, I was backed against the wall.</p>

      <p>I looked between all three of their faces.</p>

      <p><em>I have to pick one of them? I can’t!</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Who do you like the best?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Lucy</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Aya</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Sophia</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Come on, <em>RPG Player</em>! Don’t ask me things like that.</p>

      <p>“I can’t choose!”</p>

      <p>I fell to my knees for the second time that day... I was pathetic. When I looked up hesitantly, I saw the three exchanging looks.</p>

      <p>“What do we do?”</p>

      <p>“We went too far...”</p>

      <p>“Um... Princess Sophia. Since you’re engaged now, are you going to have Takatsuki move to the capital?”</p>

      <p>“No. We will be visiting Springrogue and Great Keith. We may be engaged, but that does not mean we will always be together... In fact, we may hardly be able to see one another at all...”</p>

      <p>“I see... That’s awful.” Lucy and Sasa’s expressions had morphed into sympathy.</p>

      <p>“Why not live here then?” Lucy suggested.</p>

      <p>“Nice one, Lu.”</p>

      <p>“Um, the two of you would be okay with that?” Princess Sophia asked timidly. “You don’t dislike me for suddenly appearing as his fiancée?”</p>

      <p>“Well, if it’s because of a revelation, then there’s nothing we can do. Right, Aya?”</p>

      <p>“Right. You kissed him, though. If you live in the same house he could come visit you at night expecting things.”</p>

      <p>“Sasa,” I warned.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry. He doesn’t do anything even when he sees me naked,” Lucy said.</p>

      <p>“Lucy,” I protested.</p>

      <p>“That’s because you’re too free with it. Honestly, I’m sick of seeing you naked,” Sasa griped.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you think I’m not charming enough? You didn’t have anything <em>there</em> when we bathed together. I guess you do have a kid’s chest.”</p>

      <p>“Lu, you know it means war if you go further?”</p>

      <p>“Hah! Bring it, Aya!”</p>

      <p>“Lucy, Sasa, stop,” I demanded. We didn’t need an intra-party war!</p>

      <p>“Um... Can I really live here?” Princess Sophia interjected cautiously.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, Lucy, Sasa, Princess. Are you all okay with that?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind,” Lucy replied.</p>

      <p>“You can decide,” Sasa added, doing her usual and leaving it up to me.</p>

      <p>“Whatever,” Furiae said. She didn’t speak her mind fully, so I wasn’t sure how she actually felt.</p>

      <p>Still, everyone seemed to more or less agree.</p>

      <p>At that, the princess cleared her throat and calmed down. “Then I shall be here until my duties call me next... Please, treat me well.”</p>

      <p>And thus began a strange period of cohabitation.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Sophia’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>I was now welcome at Hero Makoto’s home.</p>

      <p>Using communication magic, I informed my mother and father of the goddess’s commandment to take the Hero of Roses as my fiancé. Eir’s word was law in our nation, and not even my father—the king—could go against it. Though, with that said, my father <em>did</em> demand to know what kind of man Makoto was...and he also insisted that I bring my new fiancé to the capital.</p>

      <p><em>Father...you already met him during the appointment ceremony...</em></p>

      <p>They had barely talked though, so it was perhaps unsurprising that he didn’t recall.</p>

      <p>I also instructed Leo to return to Macallan once he’d concluded his visits to the nearby regions. Apparently, my brother had already planned to do just that—he wanted to meet with Makoto again. Leo was especially overjoyed when I said that Hero Makoto would be joining him on his sojourns to neighboring countries.</p>

      <p>They would probably be departing within the next few days. When that happened, Hero Makoto and I would be separated once again.</p>

      <p>That was likely for the best—I was a princess of Roses, so I could not spend too much time at my fiancé’s home. I was at the church during the day and only retired to Makoto’s house in the evening.</p>

      <p>The Fujiwara company had provided all the necessities I would need to live in Macallan, and my knights were guarding the neighborhood. I’d told them to keep the fanfare to a minimum...but every one of them seemed to be present.</p>

      <p>I’d need to talk with them later... Thankfully, the Fujiwara company was <em>also</em> providing food and simple lodging for the soldiers.</p>

      <p><em>Truly, it is an outstanding business. Though, I suppose</em> <em>I should expect no less from a company headed by Hero Makoto’s friend.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>As I entered the house—my new home—Hero Makoto strolled up to me with a black cat on his shoulder. He must have just returned from his magic practice.</p>

      <p>“Good work with your training, Hero Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, Sophia,” he said in greeting. His usual expression was relaxed and composed, however, I could tell that he was currently in a good mood.</p>

      <p>“Has something pleasant happened?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I think I was able to master the <em>Mana Blade</em> technique a bit more,” he replied happily. Even as he spoke, butterflies made of water fluttered around him.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps you should take more of a brea—”</p>

      <p>“Right,” he interrupted. “I’ll rest a bit after practicing a little longer.”</p>

      <p><em>Now that I’m spending more time with him, it’s his dedication that surprises me the most...</em></p>

      <p>His daily life started earlier than anyone else—each morning, he would wake up and offer prayers to his goddess. Then, he would begin training his magic. This level of diligence did not waver, even at the end of the day. Rather, Hero Makoto <em>kept</em> training...for longer than anyone else. In fact, I’d started to worry that this schedule might harm him.</p>

      <p>I also fretted about how my own past comments might have influenced this behavior. On our first ever meeting, I had offhandedly told Hero Makoto (then known only as an apprentice mage) that he should train more.</p>

      <p><em>Could this have caused him to adopt such a rigorous schedule?</em></p>

      <p>However, when I’d voiced that concern to Lucy and Aya, they had simply laughed. Our interactions had grown much more familiar since I’d requested that the two of them speak casually with me.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia,” Lucy had told me. “Makoto’s just naturally like that, so don’t worry about it.”</p>

      <p>“Sophie...Takatsuki enjoys it,” Aya had added.</p>

      <p>“He...does?” I’d asked</p>

      <p>According to the two of them, his long hours of training were of his own volition.</p>

      <p><em>I know nothing of my fiancé,</em> I’d thought to myself.</p>

      <p>Since there was such little time for us to spend together, I decided to learn what I could.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“L-Lucy?! That is a rather immodest outfit!” I yelled. She had come wandering from the bath wearing only a towel.</p>

      <p>“Oh, it is? Makoto, why’s Princess Sophia so shocked?”</p>

      <p>“She’s surprised by how little common sense you have,” he answered with a sidelong look of exasperation. Even while carrying on a conversation, he kept up his magic practice.</p>

      <p>“I get all sweaty when I’m just out of the bath,” she explained, “so I don’t want to put my clothes on right away.”</p>

      <p>“At least wear your underwear,” Hero Makoto retorted as he handed them over to her.</p>

      <p>“Hey! Quit just passing me my panties!”</p>

      <p>“I always dry them, though.”</p>

      <p>“But it’s embarrassing for you to touch them!” Lucy exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“It is?” asked Hero Makoto</p>

      <p><em>H-How can he be so calm?! </em>Her undergarments might have been clean...but he’d just picked up a girl’s underwear and passed them to her! Also, Lucy was <em>naked</em> under that towel!</p>

      <p>“Y-You shouldn’t show so much skin in front of men!” I told her.</p>

      <p>“It’s just Makoto, though,” protested Lucy.</p>

      <p>“That’s not the problem!”</p>

      <p>“Come on,” Hero Makoto interrupted, “go get dressed.”</p>

      <p>“Ah! My towel’s slipping...” whined Lucy before adopting a more playful tone. “Or...did you want to see?”</p>

      <p>“A bit.”</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto!” I chastised.</p>

      <p>“You’re such a perv,” Lucy teased. Then she did something even more daring: she approached him from <em>behind</em> and wrapped her arms around him!</p>

      <p>“Lucy...” Hero Makoto scoffed, “you’re dripping on me.”</p>

      <p>“Come on, at least get a bit embarrassed.” She pouted for a moment before impishly kissing him on the cheek.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” I was shocked...but the other two women in the room seemed to be chatting like normal, as if nothing strange had happened.</p>

      <p>“I’ll go get dressed,” Lucy declared. “Let’s train together later.” With that, she sauntered off.</p>

      <p>I could have sworn that her towel was about to fall... And for some reason, Hero Makoto’s face hadn’t changed at all!</p>

      <p>I felt dizzy. Was this how they always acted around one another?<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“A-Aya! Why are you in Hero Makoto’s room?!” I exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“To...hang out?”</p>

      <p>“It’s already late! You shouldn’t be together like that until you’re married.”</p>

      <p>“But we always do this.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, you do...?”</p>

      <p>While I was floundering, she slunk through the open door like a cat. I hesitated for just a moment before following her in.</p>

      <p>Upon entering, I was treated to a bizarre sight.</p>

      <p>“Water magic butterflies?” There were hundreds of them fluttering throughout the room. Feeling shocked, I glanced toward Makoto.</p>

      <p><em>H-He’s controlling them all on his own?! Is he </em>still<em> training?!</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, I thought you were missing, but here you are,” Aya cooed. “Twi, come hereee!”</p>

      <p>“Sasa, is that supposed to be the cat’s name?” Hero Makoto asked as he stroked the meowing cat’s back.</p>

      <p>“Yup,” Aya replied. “Cute, right?”</p>

      <p>“Why ‘Twi’?”</p>

      <p>“That ‘nrow’ is a trendy meow, so the cat’s name is Twi-Tter. Twi for short!”</p>

      <p>There was a pause.</p>

      <p>“I propose a name change,” Hero Makoto said flatly.</p>

      <p>“Aww, it’s too late now.”</p>

      <p>“Twi...” I mused, turning the name over in my mind. <em>What do they mean by it? Is Twi-Tter some phrase from their old world?</em></p>

      <p>The two of them continued chatting. Hero Makoto was simultaneously controlling hundreds of water butterflies. With no incantation. Without even looking.</p>

      <p>Even <em>I</em> knew this was strange. And I finally understood something Leo had once said: <em>his mastery is far above the norm.</em></p>

      <p>“Sophia,” said Hero Makoto, turning my way, “what’s up?”</p>

      <p>“Sorry to bother you while you are training,” I apologized. Then I moved my focus to Aya. “We really shouldn’t interrupt his—wait, why are you lying in his bed?!”</p>

      <p>She just sighed in satisfaction. “It smells like him...”</p>

      <p><em>Guh. Just what does it smell li—ah, what am I even thinking?!</em></p>

      <p>“Sasa, sleep in your own bed tonight,” Hero Makoto said.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, if I feel like it.”</p>

      <p>“Wait a moment!” I interjected. “Explain that last statement.” I was his fiancée, so I couldn’t just let that pass.</p>

      <p>“Sasa often just falls asleep in my bed when she’s already there.”</p>

      <p>“Th-Then you lie with her and...” <em>Impossible! They shared a bed each night?!</em></p>

      <p>“I just sleep on the floor,” he admitted.</p>

      <p>“You <em>could</em> just sleep with me. I’d actually prefer that!” Aya exclaimed, grabbing his arm and pulling him into the bed.</p>

      <p>“Wha—?!”</p>

      <p>“Mrow?!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>