<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Aya clung to him and Twi took refuge at the foot of the bed. “Come on, training all the time must be tiring. Take a breaaak,” she cajoled, holding his head to her chest and stroking his hair like he was the cat. “Here, have a hug.”</p>

      <p><em>H-How shameless... But, his face looks so relaxed...</em></p>

      <p>“Mm, guess I’ll stay like this,” he said, though he just carried on with his magic practice.</p>

      <p>Was this how he lived his day-to-day life?<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I remembered Eir’s words clearly.</p>

      <p>“Mako’s super dense, so you have to go hard.”</p>

      <p>“What in the world do you mean?” I asked. “Go...hard?”</p>

      <p>“Hm, I guess just follow Lucy and Aya’s lead. I mean, even I’m shocked that he reacts so little to so much. He’s got an iron wall against Noah’s temptations too.”</p>

      <p>I let out a sigh. She could tell me to tempt him, but that didn’t make it easy.</p>

      <p>“Mako’s innocent,” Eir explained, “so he might get corrupted by another woman if you don’t make a move first.”</p>

      <p>“C-Corrupted...?”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure you don’t want to watch your beloved Mako getting chased by all those other women, right?”</p>

      <p>I certainly did not!</p>

      <p>“Then call this a revelation telling you to get close to him. ‘Thou shalt build a relationship with Hero Makoto and save Roses.’”</p>

      <p>All I could do was sigh again. Only the last half of that statement had sounded serious. She was right though... I didn’t have much experience in love. But now, through my goddess’s guidance, I was engaged to the man I had feelings for.</p>

      <p>I decided to act.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto?” Princess Sophia had shown up while I was practicing in my room. Her expression was cool and composed, but she did seem a little nervous.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Sophia? Is it dinner time soon?” Guess she’d come to fetch me. I moved to get up and head to the dining room, but then...</p>

      <p>The door shut behind her.</p>

      <p>“Sophia?”</p>

      <p>“Can I...sit next to you?” she asked, though she was seated before I could even answer.</p>

      <p>She placed her left hand over my right. I felt my heart skip a beat. With no expression but a slight flush, she let her shoulder touch mine.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto...”</p>

      <p>“Sophia?”</p>

      <p>We’d spoken simultaneously. However, before either of us could say any more, a voice amplified by wind magic sounded across the town. It came from the direction of the guild.</p>

      <p>“All adventurers and soldiers in Macallan! Gather immediately at the western gate! A monster stampede has been spotted. Danger Level: Calamity - Town. I repeat...”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>