<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Makoto Takatsuki Heads for Cameron</h1>

      <p>I’d been training my magic and stroking Twi, when out of the blue, Fujiyan came up and asked me a question.</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie, would you like to travel to Cameron?”</p>

      <p>“Cameron?” I repeated. I hadn’t ever been there, but I was fairly sure it was north of Roses, even more so than Highland.</p>

      <p>“Lady Chris has safely taken on the post of the lady of the land, and I, myself, have gained a peerage. Therefore, I wish to give my thanks to the head of the Franz Trading Company for the support we received,” Fujiyan explained. “How would you feel about joining us? The capital is a true melting pot of culture, and the country as a whole is very much alive with trade.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...” I pondered for a moment. “Sounds fun.”</p>

      <p><em>A city of trade?</em> Highland’s capital conducted a lot of business, but the class divisions there were suffocating. Cameron seemed much freer without all those restrictions.</p>

      <p>However, Princess Sophia had said that I should go to Springrogue or Great Keith next, so I decided to check with her before making a decision.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“I do not mind,” she answered.</p>

      <p>I’d visited Princess Sophia in the church, in a space she was using as an office. After speaking, she let out a soft sigh and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.</p>

      <p><em>Is she tired?</em> I wondered.</p>

      <p>“I’ll take Fujiyan’s airship,” I told her. “We’ll be away from Macallan for a week or so.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose I should also take advantage of the opportunity,” she said. “It would be a good chance to offer my own greetings to the most influential people in Cameron. I will arrange documents stating such, so please, take them with you.”</p>

      <p>“Understood, Princess Sophia,” I affirmed.</p>

      <p>However, she didn’t respond further. She rose from her chair, putting a halt to any work she’d been doing, and approached me. Her face was emotionless, as usual.</p>

      <p>“Princess...Sophia?”</p>

      <p>“Pardon?” she asked. She’d gotten closer and was now standing right next to me. From her slightly shorter height, she gazed up into my eyes meaningfully.</p>

      <p>“Sophia.”</p>

      <p>When I called her by her given name, she smiled happily and brought her face closer to mine. “I would honestly prefer to accompany you...” she murmured. “However, I cannot leave Roses for the moment.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be back as soon as I am able.”</p>

      <p>Just standing with her in the middle of the room felt kind of awkward, so I flicked my eyes over to a wine-red-colored sofa, indicating that we should sit. The two of us sank down into the cushions, and Princess Sophia let her head fall softly onto my shoulder.</p>

      <p>“To think that you are leaving me so alone... What a coldhearted man you are.”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t—”</p>

      <p>She interrupted my protest. “It was a joke.” She smiled up at me and I put an arm gently around her.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be back as soon as I am able,” I repeated.</p>

      <p>“In which case,” she whispered, her voice caressing my ear, “I will take as much as I can before you leave...” She was flushed red up to her own ears as she put her arm around my waist. Gently, she closed her dark eyes.</p>

      <p>My body felt hot. I wasn’t so unfeeling that I’d do nothing...not when she was like this.</p>

      <p><em>Go for it! Have your way with her! </em>cried Noah.</p>

      <p><em>Remember to use protection, Mako!</em> added Eir.</p>

      <p>I could’ve done without the commentary from the peeping goddesses. <em>Pipe down in the peanut gallery!</em> I thought sharply at them.</p>

      <p>When I didn’t immediately make a move, Princess Sophia cracked her eyelids open to look at me questioningly. “Makoto...?”</p>

      <p><em>Enough distraction.</em> At once, I shook off the goddesses’ commentary and kissed the princess.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Afterward, she turned her lidded eyes my way once more.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...I love you.”</p>

      <p>“That’s...an honor,” I managed.</p>

      <p>The cold indifference she’d shown me when we’d first met had melted away like ice.</p>

      <p>“Mmh...Makoto,” she murmured, moving in for another kiss.</p>

      <p>I wrapped my arms around her shoulders and answered with a kiss of my own. We spent a while making out like that. The door was locked, so it wasn’t like we would be interrupted.</p>

      <p><em>They’re not doing anything! Just kissing...</em> I heard Noah complain.</p>

      <p><em>That disciple of yours is such a late bloomer.</em></p>

      <p><em>Your precious Sophie isn’t assertive enough.</em></p>

      <p><em>True, </em>noted Eir.<em> Lucy and Aya are strong rivals. She’ll have to try harder...</em></p>

      <p><em>You shouldn’t forget Furiae either.</em></p>

      <p>The peanut gallery was still going at it... Would I get any break at all once Sophia and I were married?</p>

      <p>I let out a mental sigh.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>That night, we all met up at the guild, and I took the opportunity to tell Lucy, Sasa, and Furiae about the plans for tomorrow.</p>

      <p>“So, we’re heading for Cameron,” I explained.</p>

      <p>“Well, I don’t mind <em>that</em>...” Lucy replied.</p>

      <p>“But where were you today?” Sasa asked.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s with you both?” I sputtered, unnerved by the chill in their voices.</p>

      <p>“This food is delicious, my knight,” Furiae said. She was, as ever, off in her own world. The table was indeed laden with food, including tomato pasta and ham pizza.</p>

      <p>“Your neck looks red, Makoto. Insect bites?”</p>

      <p>“I can smell a woman on you, Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>Both Lucy and Sasa had cornered me. <em>Uh, what? Why does it feel like I’m up on the stand?</em></p>

      <p>But then, Furiae spoke up. “The mage and warrior searched for you earlier. Unfortunately, it would appear that you were in the midst of a rendezvous with another woman.” She grinned through cheeks full of pizza.</p>

      <p>I felt a chill run down my spine. “Princess? D-Don’t say things like that.”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa looked sharply at me.</p>

      <p>“Who were you with?” asked Lucy. “Mary? Or some other adventurer, maybe?”</p>

      <p>“There were some girls going on and on about how they were talking with you at the guild earlier,” Sasa said accusingly.</p>

      <p>Lucy’s red eyes and Sasa’s darker pair were trained on me with such intensity... I couldn’t do anything but surrender.</p>

      <p>“I-I was with Princess Sophia...” I admitted.</p>

      <p>Both of their mouths dropped open.</p>

      <p>“You got with a princess?!”</p>

      <p>“A rendezvous with your boss...”</p>

      <p><em>Wait, that wasn’t...</em> “You two, hold on a minute!” I’d actually gone to see Sophia so I could get permission for the trip to Cameron. And then, well...a bit more than that happened.</p>

      <p>“I guess they <em>are</em> going to be married,” Lucy mused.</p>

      <p>Sasa sighed. “Oh well.”</p>

      <p>After that, both of them seemed to calm down.</p>

      <p><em>I-I’m off the hook? </em></p>

      <p>The meal picked back up after that, and as we finished eating, I filled the three girls in on some details. “It’ll take about a week for the round trip, so get your stuff together.”</p>

      <p>“Got it,” Lucy replied.</p>

      <p>“Fuu, let’s go buy some stuff for the trip,” Sasa added.</p>

      <p>“Sure. Though what exactly would ‘stuff’ be?”</p>

      <p>“You’ll stand out looking like that, so maybe some plainer clothes?” Lucy suggested.</p>

      <p>“I-I will?” asked Furiae. “I don’t really know what you mean, but I suppose you can both take the lead.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that the three of them were going to do some shopping. Honestly, I didn’t have anything to get ready; I’d just buy whatever I needed once we got there.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, we’re going now!” Lucy exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“There’re places still open?”</p>

      <p>“Nina said Fujiwara’s is always open.”</p>

      <p>“Seriously?”</p>

      <p>Apparently, the Fujiwara Firm was—at least for us—a 24/7 shop. Now that I thought about it, Nina was Fujiyan’s wife, so she was a noble now... Well, whatever. He was always telling me not to hold myself back.</p>

      <p>Furiae asked if I was coming, but I told them I had stuff to do and just waved as they left.</p>

      <p>Earlier, I’d walked up to the reception desk to tell Mary that I’d be leaving town. I <em>was</em> a hero now, so I needed to notify the guild whenever I was traveling afar.</p>

      <p>“What, you’re already going away again?!” had been Mary’s—expected—complaint. “Well, you just <em>have</em> to wait until I get off work.”</p>

      <p>That’d been a few hours ago, so now, true to my word, I was waiting here for her.</p>

      <p>While I was spacing out around the guild stalls, she came up to me wearing her casual clothes.</p>

      <p>“You just barely got back...and now you’re heading off again,” she complained, looking sulkily at me. She grabbed my arm tightly. “Well, now you’re stuck with me until closing!”</p>

      <p>I was unable to say no to her face, so I decided to just go along with it. “R-Right... We’re leaving tomorrow afternoon, so tonight should be fine.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>We ended up at the same bar she’d taken me to before I’d left for Labyrinthos. Mary spent a while complaining about her job at the guild. Apparently, the increase in monster activity had been hard on her too...</p>

      <p>Eventually, the barkeep announced, “We’re closing soon.”</p>

      <p>We left as the bar shut down for the night; however, Mary complained that she hadn’t gotten enough to drink yet. “Let’s carry on here,” she said, pointing at a brick apartment building.</p>

      <p>This place was familiar to me as well. “You live here, right?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Yup. Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>She pulled me along...and we ended up having an after-party.</p>

      <p>“Here you go,” she said. “Wine-soaked fruit. Also, we’ve got some nuts and cheese for snacks.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” I replied. She handed me a fancy glass filled with sangria, and I toasted with her before taking a sip. The drink was nice and sweet, but the wine made it pretty strong... I’d need to take little sips so I didn’t get wasted.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Makoto?” asked Mary. She sat down next to me and leaned into my side.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?”</p>

      <p><em>Wait... This might be...the first time I’ve ever been alone with a woman in her personal room...</em></p>

      <p>When I’d been <em>with</em> Princess Sophia, it had been in a workspace, not a private room. As for Lucy, Sasa, and Furiae, well...they were normally all together in the end. Besides, when that happened, we were usually in <em>my</em> room, not any of theirs. Honestly, I hadn’t gotten many chances to go into a woman’s room.</p>

      <p>My heart suddenly started to race at the realization.</p>

      <p>“So...why do you keep vanishing?” asked Mary.</p>

      <p>I gave a rueful smile. “How many times have we had this conversation?” I’d already explained the reasons behind my excursions—all of them had been either for my work as a hero or by decree of a goddess (well, more or less).</p>

      <p>“No,” she countered, “I’m not having it.”</p>

      <p>“Then I don’t know what to tell you.”</p>

      <p>“You’re going to marry the princess and move to the capital, right? You’ll never come back to the sticks, back to a place like <em>this</em>. At the very least, you could spend some time here before you’re gone for good.”</p>

      <p>“I’m not going to move,” I assured her. “I like Macallan too much.”</p>

      <p>“Men always just say what we want to hear!”</p>

      <p>“Is...that what your ex did?”</p>

      <p>“You’re not going to get anywhere if you ask about a woman’s past like that...” she murmured, leaning even more heavily on me. Her breathing was already slowing down.</p>

      <p><em>She’ll probably be asleep before long.</em></p>

      <p>“I won’t pass out,” she said suddenly. “I’m not letting you sleep tonight.”</p>

      <p>“Did...you just read my mind?” I asked, startled by her second wind. <em>What was coming next?</em></p>

      <p>“Listen up! I had my eyes on you first...and now you’re one of two heroes that our country has.”</p>

      <p>“You and Lucas were the only people who were nice to me...back when I got <em>that</em> nickname,” I said, reminiscing. It felt like so long ago now.</p>

      <p>I was looking off into the distance, still thinking back, when Mary called out to me. I turned to see what she wanted.</p>

      <p>“Mmh.”</p>

      <p><em>What?!</em></p>

      <p>Hot breath and the scent of alcohol filled my mouth.</p>

      <p>She’d...kissed me.</p>

      <p>“You let your guard down, Mr. Hero,” she giggled.</p>

      <p>“W-Well, that was sudden,” I said, placing a hand over my mouth.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>