<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>I drained my glass to distract her from how much her kiss had gotten to me...and choked slightly on the drink. Mary giggled more and I couldn’t look her in the eye—I just stared aimlessly around the room.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” I muttered.</p>

      <p>She refilled my now empty glass. “You don’t need to panic,” she remarked with an alluring sigh. She twined her hand through the crook of my arm.</p>

      <p>Her actions seemed really at ease. Not at all like Lucy and Sasa...</p>

      <p>“No thinking of other girls,” she scolded.</p>

      <p>“Seriously, how’re you doing that?!” <em>Does she have </em>Mind Reading<em> as well?</em></p>

      <p>“You’re just too obvious.”</p>

      <p>I was...obvious? Well, I didn’t have much experience in hiding my emotions, so it was no surprise that an older woman could see through me.</p>

      <p>“You’re so cute right now,” she trilled. “Just like when you first came to the guild.”</p>

      <p>“Guh! I’ve grown! I’ve got experience now!”</p>

      <p>“Then can you keep me company until morning?”</p>

      <p>“Obviously!” I exclaimed, taking her challenge.</p>

      <p>And so, I decided to spend the night with her.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>When I stirred awake, it was to the sight of an unfamiliar room.</p>

      <p><em>Uh...I drank at Mary’s place last night...and then...</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t remember anything after that.</p>

      <p>Mary was in the bed. <em>Should I wake her up?</em></p>

      <p>The thought had barely crossed my mind when her eyes snapped open.</p>

      <p>“Morning, Makoto. You were so manly last night. ♡”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>H-Had I finally climbed the stairs to adult—</p>

      <p>Noah cut me off. <em>Nope, you didn’t.</em></p>

      <p><em>You fell asleep at the first step,</em> Eir added.</p>

      <p>W-Well...that felt like a waste. I turned back to Mary. “You shouldn’t lie,” I told her after a moment.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you remember it. Should have gone for it.” She stretched widely. The thin nightwear showed off the lines of her body perfectly... <em>Hot.</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, she shucked her clothes off like it was nothing.</p>

      <p>“What are you doing?!” I exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Eh? I’m having a shower and then going to work...?”</p>

      <p>“Say something before you start stripping!” I begged, swiftly turning around.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind if you look,” she remarked. “Oh, and we’re leaving together! No heading off ahead by yourself.” At that, she vanished into the bathroom. It wasn’t long before I heard running water and humming.</p>

      <p>I just couldn’t calm down.</p>

      <p><em>Guess I should wash up as well... </em>I used my water magic to clean myself and my clothes.</p>

      <p>After her shower, Mary came in again wearing nothing but a towel. I glanced away.</p>

      <p>“Which set of underwear should I wear today? Makoto, you choose.”</p>

      <p>“Whichever one!”</p>

      <p>“Nope, I’m not putting anything on until you pick.”</p>

      <p>“The black ones, then!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, you like these?” She grinned, sliding them provocatively onto her body.</p>

      <p><em>Did we really not do anything last night?! </em>She was getting really,<em> blatantly</em> close.</p>

      <p>Even as we sat down and ate the sandwiches she’d made, Mary was right at my side. And unlike last night, she was in a much better mood. We spent time at her place until the guild was due to open, and then we finally left.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to the guild, what about you?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“I’m heading out of Macallan—it’s time to board Fujiyan’s airship.”</p>

      <p>“We’re going opposite directions then. Aww...” She pouted. “You’re already leaving.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll only be gone for a week.”</p>

      <p>“But then you’ll be going somewhere else, won’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, well...” I didn’t have a good response to that.</p>

      <p>“Whatever. You said you’ll be in Macallan in the future, so I’ll choose to believe you.”</p>

      <p><em>Did I really make that promise? I suppose I don’t have any real inclination to live elsewhere.</em></p>

      <p>“I’ll be back. Definitely.”</p>

      <p>“Great! Good luck!” she cheered.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, she grabbed my head and pressed her lips to mine, kissing me deeply.</p>

      <p>About a dozen seconds passed before she broke away.</p>

      <p>“Ack! I’m late! Bye!” She immediately rushed off, and I waved at her as she left.</p>

      <p>I’d...spent the night together with the “sister” that’d treated me like a little brother before now. There was an indescribable sense of satisfaction filling my heart.</p>

      <p><em>Guess I’ve grown up!</em></p>

      <p>But then, an alarm started blaring in my mind. A beat later, my head started to throb. S-Sense Danger<em>?</em> <em>Now?</em> <em>What on earth?!</em></p>

      <p><em>You already know, don’t you?</em> Noah asked.</p>

      <p><em>Mako... </em>remarked Eir. <em>You make me so sad...</em></p>

      <p>Those two made it sound like I was on trial...</p>

      <p>However, I soon understood. Simultaneously, three voices called out my name...from the depths of hell. It was Lucy, Sasa, and Princess Sophia...each one was staring darkly at me.</p>

      <p>Why were they here?!</p>

      <p><em>You didn’t go home last night, so obviously they came looking for you, </em>Noah drawled.</p>

      <p><em>And I gave Sophie a revelation of where you were!</em></p>

      <p>Wait, Eir’d snitched on me?!</p>

      <p>I spent the time we had left before our departure getting chewed out by the princess. And on the airship, Lucy and Sasa took turns scolding me.</p>

      <p>Furiae just ignored me and played with Twi.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Our flight soon landed in the capital of Cameron, Bassoon.</p>

      <p>Cameron was located on the northern coast of the continent and was a thriving center of commerce. Geographically, it was the closest country to the northern continent—the nesting grounds of the demons—so it was surrounded by three layers of walls. Cameron also had the highest concentration of financial institutions on the continent.</p>

      <p>On top of that, Cameron was a crossroads for trade. The vast amount of weaponry and armor made in the neighboring country of Caol Ilan passed through Cameron, and not just to the other countries on this continent—wares were also sent along trade routes to the eastern and southern continents.</p>

      <p>All of this led to Cameron being a thriving mix of races and people.</p>

      <p>“So, what are your thoughts on Cameron?” Fujiyan asked grandly, pointing at the crowded market town.</p>

      <p>Sasa seemed in awe. “There are tons of stores here!”</p>

      <p>“Aya, Fuuri, let’s go shopping!” Lucy exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“So many large buildings,” Furiae murmured. “Incredible...”</p>

      <p>It seemed like the three of them were going out to explore.</p>

      <p>“I shall be venturing to speak with the head of the Franz Trading Company,” Fujiyan said. “My esteemed Tackie, will you be joining me? The Franz Trading Company building is both the owner’s home and his store. It’s considered by some to be the best shop on the continent.”</p>

      <p>So Fujiyan, Nina, and Chris would be going there. Chris would also need to report that she was now in charge of Macallan.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, let’s go find somewhere to eat!” Sasa urged, tugging on my arm. “I bought a map already.”</p>

      <p>Both the girls’ plans and Fujiyan’s sounded like good options, but...</p>

      <p>“Sorry, I need to go to the Temple of Time.”</p>

      <p>Though I really did want to go with them, I had to turn everyone down. There was a task I needed to complete—Princess Sophia had told me to give her greetings to Estelle, priestess for the Goddess of Fate. It was an important job from the princess, so I figured that I should probably get it done first.</p>

      <p>“Should we come with you?” Lucy suggested.</p>

      <p>“You don’t need to worry about it,” I said. “I’ve been told it’ll take a long time to get an audience with Estelle. Apparently, she’s really popular.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed!” Fujiyan remarked. “She is a difficult person to meet as a commoner... If I may, I would also like to accompany you.”</p>

      <p>“Right, you follow Ira, don’t you?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Ira, otherwise known as the Goddess of Fate, was Cameron’s patron deity. She had many faithful followers, even outside the country, so her priestess would inevitably be very popular. Fujiyan was a strong believer in Ira, so he most definitely would like to meet the priestess.</p>

      <p>“My husband...”</p>

      <p>“Sir Michio...”</p>

      <p>Nina and Chris both wore slightly pinched looks.</p>

      <p>Well, priestesses were women, so I guess the newlyweds didn’t want Fujiyan to meet her... It was probably best not to invite any of them.</p>

      <p>“I’ll go on my own,” I decided. “We’re all staying in the same place, right?”</p>

      <p>“We are. It’s high-class lodging known by the name Sheeraton. I will provide you with a map.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Fujiyan.”</p>

      <p>With all that sorted, I headed for the Temple of Time.</p>

      <p>“So many people...” I mumbled.</p>

      <p>The Temple of Time was packed. A whole crowd of people was gathered, ready to offer prayers for success in work or academics. Various spots on the temple’s grounds were taken up by clergy members—they looked to be performing rituals that looked like exorcisms, along with selling talismans and the like. This place was just like some of the more famous shrines in Japan.</p>

      <p>The figure most in demand was, of course, Estelle—the Priestess of the Goddess of Fate—and there were various conditions you had to fulfill to meet her directly. I’d brought a letter of introduction from Princess Sophia, so I could get an audience despite those stipulations. However, Estelle’s schedule was full today, so the receptionist asked me to come back tomorrow.</p>

      <p>There was a queue of dozens of people that were lined up facing the largest set of doors in the temple, and they were all either knights clad in shining armor or nobles dressed up in finery.</p>

      <p><em>They sure make bank here...</em></p>

      <p>With slightly impolite thoughts running through my mind, I took the appointment slip from the receptionist.</p>

      <p>Since I was now done here for the day, I needed to decide whether to meet up with the girls or Fujiyan...</p>

      <p>I didn’t know where any of them were, though, so I was somewhat stuck.</p>

      <p>“Oh! Are you not Hero Makoto of Roses?” came a musical voice.</p>

      <p>I turned around and saw a woman with shining golden hair and deep blue eyes. “Princess Noelle?” I asked. The princess of Highland was now standing in front of me.</p>

      <p>I was just about to offer a proper genuflection as a greeting, but she stopped me before I could. “I do not need such formalities from the hero who saved our city,” she remarked with a wide smile, putting me at ease.</p>

      <p>“What brought you here?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I needed to take some of Estelle’s time to discuss the Northern Front Plan. Though, I do feel somewhat bad for the people that have had to wait...”</p>

      <p>Huh... I had to wait a whole day to get an appointment with Estelle, even with Princess Sophia’s introduction, but another princess of the same rank was able to immediately jump the queue...</p>

      <p>“Well, goodbye,” I said, making my excuses as I went to slip past her and the Temple Knights that were flanking her. I’d been concerned that it was rude to stand and talk to her in the middle of the crowded temple. However, she stopped me from leaving.</p>

      <p>“What a shame,” she lamented. “Fate has allowed us to meet, so we should spend some time talking. Which inn is accommodating you during your time in Bassoon?”</p>

      <p>“We’re at the Sheeraton,” I answered.</p>

      <p>“Wonderful! That is close to my lodgings. Let us head that way together.”</p>

      <p>She was a princess from the biggest country on the continent, and on top of that, was the next in line to the throne. Refusing would probably be rude...</p>

      <p>“Then, I look forward to the trip,” I said, agreeing to her plan.</p>

      <p>The princess was great at moving conversation along. Even <em>I</em> could keep up a discussion with her, despite my shyness.</p>

      <p>“Is Sophia not here?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Nah. She had too much work in Roses.”</p>

      <p>“What a shame. Apparently, there have been more monster stampedes as of late.”</p>

      <p>“There have,” I confirmed. “The town we live in just weathered one, actually.”</p>

      <p>“Oh my. What happened?”</p>

      <p>“Well, with everyone that lives there...” I began, launching into the tale as we strolled through the capital.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The princess ended up guiding me to the Sheeraton. She came to the city fairly regularly, so she was well-versed on the routes through it.</p>

      <p>I spent most of the walk feeling awkward about a <em>princess</em> effectively being a tour guide, though I did my best to keep the conversation flowing. We were almost there when I heard someone call out my surname.</p>

      <p>It had come from someone wearing silver armor—he had light-brown hair framing a face that would’ve looked right at home in a boy band.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Sakurai,” I answered with a wave of my own. “Fancy running into you in Cameron.” By his side stood a particular dark-haired beauty.</p>

      <p><em>Uh, wasn’t she with Lucy and Sasa?</em></p>

      <p>Before I could voice the question, Princess Noelle trotted forward. “I-It’s been a while, Furiae,” she stammered, tugging on Sakurai’s arm.</p>

      <p>“It has,” Furiae responded. “Not long enough, though.”</p>

      <p>“What are you doing with Ryousuke?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t see any need to tell you.”</p>

      <p>I could almost see the sparks flying between them. Memories of imprisonment must have still been fresh in Furiae’s mind.</p>

      <p>“I saw a friend earlier and found out Takatsuki was in town,” Sakurai explained.</p>

      <p>A friend? So...Fujiyan?</p>

      <p>“I...see,” Princess Noelle answered, looking uneasily between Sakurai and Furiae’s faces.</p>

      <p>I guessed that she felt like she’d just caught her fiancé in the middle of an affair. Deciding that I didn’t want to stick my head any further into this mess, I tried to slip past them.</p>

      <p>“Wait, my knight,” Furiae called out, stopping me. “Ryousuke’s here to see you. Where do you think you’re going?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Oh, right. Yeah.”</p>

      <p><em>Damn... I was just unconsciously trying to avoid the hassle.</em></p>

      <p>“Since you’re with Noelle, did you go to the temple?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” I replied. “Was going to see the Priestess of Fate. Didn’t get the chance, though.” I shrugged.</p>

      <p>“I’ve never met her either. She’s apparently an amazing woman.”</p>

      <p>“Oh... Even<em> you </em>haven’t met her?” <em>Just what kind of person is she?</em> I was looking forward to tomorrow.</p>

      <p>“When’d you get here?” I asked him, changing the topic.</p>

      <p>“A couple of days ago, by airship. I...” Suddenly, he trailed off and glanced to the side.</p>

      <p>I followed suit.</p>

      <p>“Clear off.”</p>

      <p>“I do not answer to you.”</p>

      <p>Furiae and Princess Noelle seemed moments away from a blowup.</p>

      <p>“Princess, calm down,” I said to Furiae.</p>

      <p>“I am calm.”</p>

      <p><em>Really?</em></p>

      <p>“You too, Noelle,” Sakurai added.</p>

      <p>“R-Right... My apologies,” she answered.</p>

      <p>At least he’d managed to soothe her.</p>

      <p>“Weren’t you with Lucy and Sasa?” I asked Furiae.</p>

      <p>“I was. We went shopping... The two of them said they’d visit dozens of stores though, and I couldn’t keep up.”</p>

      <p>“Right... They’re a lively pair.”</p>

      <p>Lucy was physically fit from her training as an adventurer, and Sasa had exceptional physical capabilities. Furiae would have indeed found it tough to keep up with that combination.</p>

      <p>“They are,” she said. Then, she grabbed at my sleeve and tugged on it slightly. “Incidentally, Ryousuke wishes to speak with you. The three of us should go somewhere to do so.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I mean, it’s not like I know anywhere around here...” I’d never been to Cameron before, so I had no idea what was in the area.</p>

      <p>While I was thinking over where we could go, Princess Noelle hurriedly interrupted the conversation. “Hold a moment.” She turned to Furiae. “Why would <em>you</em> be joining them?!”</p>

      <p>“Why would I not? He is my guardian knight, so of course I would join him.”</p>

      <p>“Th-Then...I would do the same because Ryousuke is my fiancé!”</p>

      <p>So Princess Noelle would be tagging along as well... Would it cause a problem with her work?</p>

      <p>Furiae stared flatly at her. “There aren’t many shops a royal can visit, so we wouldn’t be able to have a relaxed conversation.”</p>

      <p>“B-But!”</p>

      <p>Noelle seemed like she was on the ropes. Still, I owed her for showing me the way here, so I decided to offer a hand.</p>

      <p>I looked at Furiae. “Princess, don’t be mean. She can come with us, right?”</p>

      <p>Furiae glared unhappily back at me. “Whose side are you on?”</p>

      <p>“Thank you...” Princess Noelle murmured after a moment.</p>

      <p>“Have you had lunch yet?” Sakurai asked, seeking to change the subject.</p>

      <p>“No, actually. I’m pretty hungry.”</p>

      <p>“Want to eat with me, then?” he offered. “Noelle and Furiae are welcome as well.”</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle’s face brightened instantly, and it was matched in opposite intensity by Furiae’s sour expression.</p>

      <p>“Princess,” I said, addressing Furiae. “That look’s a waste of your beauty.”</p>

      <p>“Silence, traitor,” she spat, glaring. Clearly, she was still sore about me helping Princess Noelle.</p>

      <p>“Well, lead the way then,” I said to Sakurai.</p>

      <p>“Sure.” He smiled, guiding us into the town.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Soon, we arrived at a relatively normal-looking diner. I’d been sure that he was gonna take us to some high-class restaurant.</p>

      <p>“I’ve never been anywhere like this,” Princess Noelle marveled, eyes wide.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t this rather expensive, my knight?” Furiae asked me, looking over the menu and frowning.</p>

      <p>“Nah, this is about normal.” You couldn’t really compare the cost of food in a full restaurant (especially one in a capital city) to the prices charged by the cheap stalls around Macallan’s guild.</p>

      <p>“You come here a lot, then?” I asked Sakurai.</p>

      <p>“Nope. Actually, this is the first time I’ve been here. One of my friends in the Soleil Knights told me about it. They’re all regulars apparently.” He passed me a menu. “So, what’ll you have?”</p>

      <p>I glanced over it. “Hmmm, I’ll start with an ale,” I decided.</p>

      <p>“I’ll...have white wine, I think,” Furiae followed up.</p>

      <p>“I guess I’ll have the same as you, Takatsuki. Noelle?”</p>

      <p>“What? Oh, I need to choose for myself... What should I have?” She looked lost.</p>

      <p>Yep, she was definitely royalty if she normally didn’t even need to pick from a menu...</p>

      <p>“This would probably be an easy drink,” Sakurai said, immediately pointing at the menu.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, Furiae turned to me. “I am hungry, my knight.”</p>

      <p>“Then...order something?” I told her.</p>

      <p>“You choose.”</p>

      <p>“But I’ve never been here...” I protested. Still, a quick look at the menu was all I needed—Furiae liked meat dishes, so I ordered a ham steak and some grilled meat on the bone.</p>

      <p>“Why such heavy food?” she complained.</p>

      <p>“I thought you liked this stuff?” I asked, confused. She was always enjoying skewers and thick joints of ham from the stalls in Macallan.</p>

      <p>“I do,” she said with an unhappy look, “but I wanted something more refined while we’re here.”</p>

      <p><em>Man, this stuff’s difficult. I wanted to pull a Sakurai and be all smooth with it...</em></p>

      <p>When our drinks arrived, all four of us toasted.</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle seemed to be enjoying the food, even if I wasn’t sure about ordering such casual fare for royalty. Though, she didn’t quite seem to understand how to go about eating it and was struggling a bit.</p>

      <p>Furiae, on the other hand, was used to eating this type of food with the adventurers in Macallan. In fact, her cheeks were fully stuffed with meat.</p>

      <p><em>You could eat a </em>bit<em> more neatly, y’know...</em></p>

      <p>“You’ve gotten really bold now,” Sakurai said to her, shooting a sidelong grin at me.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>