<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Whoa!” I exclaimed. That was pretty strong! It did take time to use this skill though.</p>

      <p>Prince Leonardo looked agape. “I don’t think you’ll have a problem with that not being powerful enough,” he said, “even against a dragon.”</p>

      <p>“But it takes a while to gather the mana,” I pointed out. Would I be able to take things so leisurely against a dragon?</p>

      <p>“You sure don’t let yourself grow complacent.” The prince was staring at me in admiration.</p>

      <p>After that, the two of us chatted for a while, discussing magic swords and the Northern Front Plan. Keeping the young prince awake might not have been the best idea, though. He fell asleep partway through our conversation, so I tucked him into my bed.</p>

      <p>And since my room was occupied, I kept practicing until morning.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“So sleepy...” I muttered. It was because I’d gotten caught up in conversation with the prince last night. Having a chat about swords and magic with another guy was fun. The prince had eventually fallen asleep though, and I’d stayed up until sunrise.</p>

      <p>Prince Leonardo apparently had some form of obligation around town, so he’d left already. After he’d gone out, I’d managed a nap. I’d then eaten the breakfast that Sasa had made, and now I was continuing my training.</p>

      <p>“Hm, maybe I should have another nap...” I grumbled through a yawn, stroking the black cat on my lap. The chirping of birds filled my ears. <em>Whoops, I really am about to drop off...</em></p>

      <p>As I noticed my exhaustion, I heard some footsteps. The others had said that they were going shopping today, so maybe they were back?</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto,” said a familiar voice, “do you have some spare time?”</p>

      <p>It was Princess Sophia.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>We were in a room of a church dedicated to Eir.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia had summoned me here, and now I was sitting on a soft sofa. I’d been living in Macallan for a fair while, but this was the first time I’d been into the church. The princess and I were the only two in the room, and she was humming as she brewed tea...with much more skill than last time.</p>

      <p>The room was warm, and soft sunlight radiated in through a crack in the curtains.</p>

      <p><em>I’m nodding off here...</em></p>

      <p>If I didn’t pay attention, I’d be asleep in no time.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto, I do apologize for the wait.”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia placed a cup of tea in front of me, and I detected a sweet muscat scent drifting up from it. She then put a plate of chocolate chip cookies down next to it.</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” I said, taking a sip of the tea. It was delicious. I followed it up with a cookie.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” I uttered.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>The cookie was soft and it crumbled in my mouth. It felt...like I’d eaten one of these before.</p>

      <p>“Where did you find these cookies?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“They have been rather popular in the capital as of late. The Fujiwara company sells them.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, Fujiyan?! So they’re Japanese?</em></p>

      <p>“What’s the brand name, out of interest?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, I believe it was something like Country Ma’am?” answered the princess. “It’s a strange name.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it figures.” That was a famous brand from our old world. He’d really nailed it. Before I realized it, I’d taken a second cookie and then a third.</p>

      <p>“I see you like them.” Princess Sophia smiled.</p>

      <p><em>Yikes, I almost forgot that I was in front of a princess.</em> “Please, excuse my manners,” I apologized.</p>

      <p>Her expression dimmed at that.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Princess?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Um... Could you stop addressing me so stiffly?”</p>

      <p>“Addressing you?” I asked. “What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“You can relax, and...could you call me Sophia?”</p>

      <p>“What?” She didn’t want me to use her title? Sh-Should I?</p>

      <p><em>Why not? </em>Noah chimed in mentally.<em> Go for it!</em></p>

      <p>Are you sure? I’m a commoner... Should I really be addressing her like that?</p>

      <p><em>I think she’s jealous of Lucy and Aya, </em>said Noah<em>.</em></p>

      <p>So the princess found the formal address stuffy... She’d even told me so herself.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia—no, just Sophia—shifted uneasily in front of me.</p>

      <p>“Sophia?” I said.</p>

      <p>“Right! Makoto.” She met my eyes with a smile, then we both looked away at the same time, embarrassed. Her cheeks were pink as she changed the topic. “I hear that you have spoken to Leo about the Northern Front Plan.”</p>

      <p>“I have. Apparently, I’m going to need to join the other heroes.”</p>

      <p>“This is related to that...” She began to explain things, her tone apologetic.</p>

      <p>Apparently, either Prince Leonardo or I would need to join the expedition. The Soleil Knights’ commander-in-chief had nominated me. The North Cardinal Knights’ leader—Gerald Ballantine—had also demanded that I participate.</p>

      <p><em>H-Honestly...that Gerry.</em></p>

      <p>“Well, I suppose I’ll join,” I said. After all, they’d been told I could fight against the Abyssal King.</p>

      <p>“No, Leo will,” Sophia said strongly.</p>

      <p>“On his own?” I asked. “He’s still young, so he shouldn’t have to...”</p>

      <p>She felt like a bit of a taskmaster.</p>

      <p>“The family of Roses is a symbol of the country’s peace,” explained Sophia. “However strong the otherworlder heroes are, we cannot rely solely upon them. Besides, if we lose this battle, we will be under demon rule and have nowhere to run.”</p>

      <p>Her words were firm.</p>

      <p>Well, Prince Leonardo <em>was</em> rather strong with that holy sword.</p>

      <p>“I’ll go with him then,” I said easily.</p>

      <p>She sighed. “That’s precisely why he admires you so strongly... Please, look after him. He’s a rather timid child on the whole.”</p>

      <p>“Got it, you can count on me.”</p>

      <p><em>She must be worried...</em> Her expression was definitely that of an older sister concerned for her brother.</p>

      <p>That soon changed though—she quickly reverted to her princess-like expression. “You are a hero of our country, so I would like for you to meet the heroes of other nations. Particularly, those of Springrogue and Great Keith. Once the demon army attacks, those are the countries we will need to cooperate with.”</p>

      <p>“So, I’ll be a diplomat?”</p>

      <p><em>I guess this is another duty of a hero...</em> I didn’t know the etiquette for visiting another country. Wouldn’t Prince Leonardo be more suitable than a commoner like me?</p>

      <p>Sophia stared out the window and spoke heavily. “I have visited nearby towns over the past several days. Monster activity has increased in all of them. Roses’s small defense force will be unable to keep them under control.”</p>

      <p>She sure had a lot on her plate... I couldn’t think of anything to say, so I gazed out of the window as well. But as I did, <em>Sense</em> <em>Danger </em>suddenly started blaring in my head. <em>Monsters? In town?</em> Princess Sophia had noticed something as well.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto!” she cried, pointing. “There!”</p>

      <p>“That’s...a wyvern?” As I looked in the direction she’d indicated, I saw a single wyvern flying over the town.</p>

      <p><em>A stray from the Great Forest? </em>Macallan’s guards didn’t seem to have noticed.</p>

      <p>“We cannot risk it attacking children,” Sophia said. “We need to tell the guards.”</p>

      <p>“Wait a minute. We can drive it off,” I suggested, prompting her to stop. “Can I borrow some mana, Sophia?”</p>

      <p>She paused for a moment. “Again?” Then, she nodded with reddened cheeks. “I suppose... I don’t mind if it’s you.”</p>

      <p><em>Why is she embarrassed?</em></p>

      <p>Whatever—I was sleepy and wanted to deal with this quickly. I grabbed her hand. <em>Now that I think of it, I might not have considered this properly...</em> I hadn’t slept enough so I wasn’t quite thinking straight.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Do you really want to </code><code><em>Synchro</em></code><code> with Princess Sophia?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶Yes</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>With the situation being what it was, I didn’t even consider <em>RPG Player</em>’s warning.</p>

      <p>I tightened my grip on her hand. We looked into each other’s eyes from right up close. Slightly embarrassed, I activated <em>Synchro</em>.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...” came a soft gasp from Sophia next to me. I soon felt the pleasant sensation of a large amount of mana flowing into me.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ice Arrow</em>,”<em> </em>I cast, sending thousands of arrows of ice flying at the wyvern. Instantly, it shrieked and fell away from the town.</p>

      <p><em>That worked great! </em>Her <em>Ice Magic (King Rank)</em> always helped me out so much.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Sophia.”</p>

      <p>“It was wonderful, Hero Makoto...” she murmured.</p>

      <p>I turned around as she trailed off and found her staring off dazedly.</p>

      <p>“Hm? What’s u—”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, she pushed me down, trapping me between her body and the floor. The carpet was plush, so it didn’t exactly hurt. She just held herself over me.</p>

      <p>“Sophia? What’s wro—”</p>

      <p>“Makoto...” she interrupted, before leaning into a passionate kiss.</p>

      <p><em>What?!</em></p>

      <p>Her arms wound around my neck as she pulled her lips even closer.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>