<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Pitiful Insect... You Shall Perish With The Country Of Roses.”</p>

      <p><em>Hm? It wants to destroy Roses? </em>Was <em>this</em> what had triggered Eir’s prophecy?</p>

      <p>Then...this seemed perfect. I softly swung the dagger clad in anima and the flames of mana.</p>

      <p><em>Goddess’s Miracle: God Slaying Blade</em>.</p>

      <p>A prismatic slash ripped its way through the air toward the ancient dragon. The wave of power was, by no means, traveling swiftly.</p>

      <p>“Pitiful...” grumbled the ancient dragon. It didn’t seem to sense any threat coming from my attack.</p>

      <p>“It’s no good...” Lucas murmured, and all of the veterans looked downcast.</p>

      <p>However, none of them realized that this spell was the embodiment of a prayer...the embodiment of a miracle. It combined a certain type of strike <em>and</em> a divine attack.</p>

      <p>The strike...well, I’d seen it once before, back when that divine magicite giant from the dungeon had attacked Nina. The speed of this attack was irrelevant—Noah’s miracle would <em>ensure</em> that it hit.</p>

      <p>As for the <em>divine</em> part...</p>

      <p>Noah had told me that the materials composing this dagger had been used during Titanomachy. Therefore, her blade could kill even a god, and this miracle was bestowed upon it through magic.</p>

      <p>My slash attack was engulfed in that repulsive anima as it slowly approached the ancient dragon. The monster casually dodged it...or so it seemed.</p>

      <p>“I Am Beholden To The Dragon King Astaroth,” roared the dragon, assuming that my strike had blown right past it. “Your Petty Human Attacks—”</p>

      <p>That was where its scoff halted.</p>

      <p>My attack hit.</p>

      <p>The slash tore through its body, ripping flesh and sinew to ribbons. The remnants fell from the sky and landed heavily on the ground. Then, the ominous light dissipated from my blade.</p>

      <p>I swayed, half collapsing, and had to support myself with a hand on the ground.</p>

      <p>It felt like...I’d just lost all of my life force.</p>

      <p><em>So this is </em>Suicide Magic<em>...</em></p>

      <p>Literally everyone was staring at me in disbelief...even the other dragons. Sasa quickly noticed and pointed her <em>Menace</em> skill at the remaining monsters.</p>

      <p>“You want him to do the same to you?!” she yelled.</p>

      <p><em>Menace</em> seemed to do the trick—the rest of them fled in a panic.</p>

      <p><em>So it’s over... </em></p>

      <p>I fell to my knees.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki!” Sasa cried, supporting my limp body. Somehow, I stayed conscious.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...” Lucas murmured. “Was that...? No, never mind. You saved us. Let’s return to town.”</p>

      <p>Judging by the look on his face, I thought he might’ve realized what I’d done...that I’d used forbidden <em>Suicide Magic</em>.</p>

      <p>“Someone’s there’h!” Nina suddenly burst into the trees and dragged out a woman wearing robes.</p>

      <p>“L-Let me go!” the woman screeched. She had snakes tattooed on her face, and horns growing from her head. Was she a...cambion?</p>

      <p>“What do we do with her’h?”</p>

      <p>“Take her to the guild or hand her over to the temple,” Lucas ordered. “She might be involved with the stampede.”</p>

      <p>“So the cambions were behind this?”</p>

      <p>The veterans didn’t seem surprised—they were discussing it calmly. Personally, I’d had a bad time with the Snake Sect, and I <em>really</em> didn’t want to see them again.</p>

      <p>That group was evil, through and through...</p>

      <p>Suddenly, blackness began creeping around the edges of my vision... It seemed like this was about it for me.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki?” Sasa asked.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Sasa,” I mumbled. “I’m just gonna nap.”</p>

      <p>I lost consciousness.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>When I awoke, it was to Lucy, Sasa, and Furiae.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, are you okay?”</p>

      <p>“You woke up!”</p>

      <p>“My knight...that was reckless.”</p>

      <p>The three of them must’ve been looking after me.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for worrying you. I’ll get up now.” I’d been passed out in the guild hall, which wasn’t unusual for me. I wasn’t quite steady on my feet, but I didn’t feel like sleeping anymore, so I stumbled to the guild’s entrance.</p>

      <p>The guild’s tavern was in the midst of a celebration. After all, they <em>had </em>protected the town from over ten thousand monsters. And it wasn’t just guild members there—I could see soldiers, Temple Knights, and merchants like Fujiyan.</p>

      <p>The whole town was triumphant. Even people who didn’t fit inside the guild were partying just outside the entrance.</p>

      <p><em>Why not?</em> I decided to join in as well.</p>

      <p>Some time passed, and all sorts of people came over to greet me. A lot of them had apparently been waiting for me to wake up—they all wanted to thank me.</p>

      <p>Once the commotion died down, I found a seat and watched the rest of the party.</p>

      <p>Lucy was surrounded by some newer adventurers. They’d been impressed at her continued effort to sling Meteos, even while they’d been all out of mana.</p>

      <p>“How can I be like you?!”</p>

      <p>“Please, teach me magic!”</p>

      <p>The bronze rank adventurers all had shining eyes as they crowded around her. <em>She’s popular, huh?</em></p>

      <p>As for Sasa...</p>

      <p>“That <em>Menace</em> was incredible,” gushed one adventurer. “The dragons had their tails ’tween their legs!”</p>

      <p>“Aya! What rank’re you?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, stone rank, I think?”</p>

      <p>The veterans around her were all gobsmacked that she was only stone rank. Well, she <em>did</em> send those dragons on the run with <em>Menace </em>alone...</p>

      <p>I was currently seated at a table with Furiae, Mary, Nina, Fujiyan, and Chris. When I’d first arrived, a whole bunch of adventurers had surrounded me—they’d been chattering and asking me about the <em>Fire Magic</em> spell I’d used while <em>Synchro</em>’d with Lucy. However, Chris was at our table, so the swarm of adventurers had dispersed. Since she was to be the next ruler of the region, her status dictated that not just anyone could stroll up and talk to us.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, right! </em>Chris had managed to cement her succession!</p>

      <p>It seemed like everything had gone our way. We celebrated Macallan’s safety and Fujiyan’s wife’s success.</p>

      <p><em>Huh...?</em></p>

      <p>A beautiful dark-haired girl had slipped away during the tumult. It was Furiae, and upon glancing at her face, I realized that she seemed slightly down. She was the Priestess of the Moon, and she’d come rushing to aid Lucy and me during our time of need. I was worried about her wandering behavior and that lonely look on her face, so I followed after her.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>