<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>I kept talking with them for a while, but fighting the blight dragon had evidently exhausted me more than I’d thought—I passed out partway through my normal training.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“Morning, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Noah? Good morning.”</p>

      <p>I’d awoken in her realm.</p>

      <p>“Mornin’, Mako!” Eir said cheerily. “Well done—you took down another blight dragon! Roses will be in an even better position now!” She wrapped me in a hug.</p>

      <p>“Hey, no tempting Makoto!” Noah protested.</p>

      <p>“What’s the harm?” She started tousling my hair and making cooing noises.</p>

      <p>“Things have been hectic recently,” I complained. “We stopped the stampede in Macallan<em> and</em> defeated a blight dragon in Cameron. Can I get a break now?”</p>

      <p>I thought I should be able to take things easy for a while. And though I did still have to visit Springrogue and Great Keith, that was just to give greetings.</p>

      <p>The two goddesses exchanged meaningful looks.</p>

      <p>“You see, Makoto, I don’t think you can relax just yet,” Noah began.</p>

      <p>Eir explained a bit further. “It looks like all of this turmoil might’ve just been a diversion from the Snake Sect’s real plan...”</p>

      <p>“What?” <em>No, no, no!</em> There’d been ten thousand monsters, an ancient dragon, <em>and</em> a blight dragon! Hadn’t I done enough?</p>

      <p>“You should go to Springrogue next. Freya asked for help.”</p>

      <p>I sighed. Well, I <em>had</em> been intending to travel there anyway.</p>

      <p>“Apparently, there’s something going on in the Forest of Fiends,” said Noah.</p>

      <p>“Really?!” I exclaimed. The Forest of Fiends was a massive dungeon located in the center of the Great Forest. People said it was even tougher than Labyrinthos, and it’s supposed to have more dangerous monsters too...</p>

      <p>“That’s...going to be an absurd challenge,” I said.</p>

      <p>“We’re not asking you to go on your own!” Noah clarified. “Freya’s gonna give you support—she’s rallying some of the elves and beastmen to help out!”</p>

      <p>A lot of Springrogue’s inhabitants were demihumans. In other words, elves and beastpeople.</p>

      <p>“Lucy’s from Springrogue, isn’t she?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Yup! Her grandfather is the chief of one of the biggest villages. Also, her mother’s the Hero of Springrogue, so you’ll get to meet her.”</p>

      <p>“Oooh...” <em>Meeting a hero in the elven village! Sounds like fun. </em>“I guess I’ll head there next,” I decided.</p>

      <p>Noah seemed happy about my enthusiasm. “Oh, you’re all fired up now!”</p>

      <p>“Yay, Mako!” cheered Eir. “Love you. ☆”</p>

      <p>“Stop hugging him!”</p>

      <p>At some point, while the two goddesses were playing tug-of-war with me, I passed out.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“Mmrhg...”</p>

      <p>I awoke in a luxurious room.</p>

      <p><em>Right, it’s that fancy hotel. </em>I looked toward the massive bed and saw the three girls sleeping in a pile. As I walked over, Lucy’s long ears twitched as her eyes snapped open.</p>

      <p>“Oh, good morning, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Morning, Lucy... Uh, why are you naked?”</p>

      <p>“It was hot.”</p>

      <p>I knew that would be the answer...but I still asked every time.</p>

      <p>“You should have joined us,” Lucy said with a teasing grin. “I could’ve told my family that I’d <em>done</em> it.”</p>

      <p>The mention of Lucy’s family reminded me of the discussion with the goddesses.</p>

      <p>“Oh, right. We’re going to your village in Springrogue next.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Lucy seemed flabbergasted and her mouth dropped open. “Ah? Wait a minute. What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“I figured we could go visit your family.”</p>

      <p>The other two girls began to stir—Lucy’s yell had apparently woken them up.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Lu?” murmured Sasa.</p>

      <p>“Oh be quiet...” Furiae complained.</p>

      <p>But Lucy kept her focus on me. “Wh-What do you mean, see my <em>family</em>?!”</p>

      <p>“You don’t want to?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s not what I meant! Not at all!”</p>

      <p>“That’s what we’ll do, then.”</p>

      <p>It was decided. Elven villages were a staple in fantasy series, but I had never been to one. I was looking forward to it.</p>

      <p>“Uhm, is this an engagement...? A meeting? No, Makoto’s an otherworlder... S-So I should just introduce him as my boyfriend...?” Lucy was muttering away to herself. What brought that on?</p>

      <p><em>Are you doing this on purpose?</em> Noah asked.</p>

      <p><em>You’re a bad man, Mako... </em>chided Eir.</p>

      <p>But...I was only doing what you two goddesses told me to...</p>

      <p>Neither of them replied. Still, this plan would work out, right?</p>

      <p>And so our next destination was decided: we’d be visiting the elven village in Springrogue...and Lucy’s family.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>