<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>For the second volume in a row, the page count has reached the absolute limit...</p>

      <p>Long time no see. Tarisa Warinai here.</p>

      <p>The Laoravia Arc has begun. I think you kind readers are already aware, but this arc is also that old thing commonly called a tournament arc. The protagonist rises to the challenge and at the same time resolves the worries of a cast of characters, including themselves. It’s a very tried-and-true story route, you’ll agree.</p>

      <p>We also have the heroine who’s finally emerged onto the stage in earnest, Snow Walker. Since her personality is in a state of flux, I can’t say she’s hit her stride or shown her stuff yet, but I do think her disposition has come through a little in this volume. Not to state the obvious, but she’ll also be involved in the Brawl. In fact, I get the feeling that almost all of the named characters will be involved in the tournament. As such, it might feel like a bit of a big party where everyone’s invited.</p>

      <p>Before I run out of space, let me express my gratitude for the publishing of Volume Four. The reason our protagonist hasn’t hung up his mantle is entirely thanks to all of the fine folks who helped bring this series to the world. I sincerely thank you.</p>

      <p>And then, I give big thanks to the legendary RPG that graciously agreed to a cross-promotion, <em>Wizardry</em>. You’ll be able to see Kanami and the heroines on the screen, so let’s all get into it together. It’s a dungeon RPG that’s very worthwhile, and you can take my word for it.</p>

      <p>I sadly lack the space to say everything I’d like to, but I’ll leave it there for now. Until next time!</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>