<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Let’s Aim for the Top of the Academy, Part 4</h2>

      <p>To my chagrin, Karamia Arrace, a girl who was full of herself and then some, had deigned to address me. “I don’t know if you’re in good with the headmaster, or <em>who</em> you are, but please refrain from any behavior that might throw this hall of learning into disorder. You’re the reason that asinine ‘Elt-Order’ system was born, so we’re quite cross with you at the best of times.”</p>

      <p>It seemed she had a bone to pick with me. And because I <em>was</em> actively looking for someone to throw a match for me, I replied very, very quietly.</p>

      <p>“Please accept my apologies, but unlike you noble-born students, the results of these duels affect whether I live or die. I bid you have mercy on me. You can write me off as the headmaster’s pet if you like, but in point of fact, I’m in the absolute lowest caste of students. I can’t even be sure I’ll eat, never mind buy textbooks. I would very much like to impress upon you that this duel is something I can’t go without.”</p>

      <p>I just wanted to get past this hurdle. That was all.</p>

      <p>“You can’t go without this duel, you say?” she asked with irritation.</p>

      <p>Something I’d said had rubbed her the wrong way. Yikes.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I shall be the one to help you with a duel.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah, no, that’s quite all right.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I insist. Since it was asked of me, you have no other choice,” she said, grinning cheerfully. She had no intention of letting me go.</p>

      <p>“It... It’s okay, honest. Thank you, but allow me to decline. I’d be no match for you, after all!”</p>

      <p>“Feh. Then it can’t be helped. We don’t have all the time in the world. For the sake of keeping the peace at this school, I suppose I’ll end this right here. If I break an arm or two, maybe you’ll learn to behave a little.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry?”</p>

      <p>Alarmingly, the conversation had taken a turn for the violent. I scanned my surroundings. None of the students stepped in to stop her, and of course not. She herself was in a position where <em>she</em> was supposed to be the one stepping in when this sort of thing happened. If I recalled correctly, she was the student council president—the enforcer of public order.</p>

      <p>Liner was grinding his teeth. Annius was looking up above and going, “Uh-oh.”</p>

      <p>Everyone’s reactions told me that at this institute, tyranny on this level was tolerated so long as the perpetrator was this Karamia girl. And really, I could expect no less of a noble among nobles, nor of this academy where social standing was the be-all and end-all.</p>

      <p>“Time to break them.”</p>

      <p>Karamia’s arm stretched my way. Responding to the imminent peril, <em>Dimension</em> activated on the fly. Though she was approaching me unhurriedly, the palm of her hand seemed weirdly big to me. Needless to say, on the outside, it looked like the soft hand of a young maid who’d never seen battle, but my menu-sight informed me that her muscles were many times stronger than the average adult male’s. It’d be no different from being manhandled by a gorilla.</p>

      <p>“Grah!”</p>

      <p>The one saving strength of the student called Aikawa Kanami was his dimensional magic. It’d be no exaggeration to say that was all I had. Put simply, I had discerning eyes. Which was why I was able to react to Karamia’s sudden assault and track it with my eyes. To dodge her incoming arm, I took one step aside. Seeing that, she frowned and took a step forward. To protect my arms, I lowered my dominant hand behind my back. In response, Karamia’s arm came at me with the flexibility of a snake and the speed of a hawk, all of which I saw via <em>Dimension</em>. I tried brushing that arm away. Naturally, Karamia tried to brush away my arm so that I couldn’t brush hers away. Figuring that it’d be bad if I let this play out, I then shifted where I was standing. She slid her foot across the ground, shifting her own footing in hot pursuit.</p>

      <p>At some point, her expression had totally changed, smiling with the thrill of battle. The fight was silent but high-speed. It had turned into a proper martial arts give-and-take. Watching Karamia and I go at it, the students in the hallway were wide-eyed. But if there was one little, tiny problem...</p>

      <p>“Ah!” I squeaked pathetically.</p>

      <p>That problem was that I was Level 1 and she was Level 20. I could see her moves coming, but my body wasn’t fast enough to react. I’d tripped up and lost my balance.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” said Karamia.</p>

      <p>Due to that short back-and-forth, she’d started to think that I was an opponent who could keep up with her; she couldn’t have seen my sudden pratfall coming. I’d been unlucky; I’d been in a position where I couldn’t even do anything about it. And what should result but Karamia falling onto the floor with me. We’d been too entangled. And where was my hand? At her small bustline. It was so <em>distinctive</em> that at first, I thought I’d been touching the floor, so I was too late to take my hand off her.</p>

      <p>“Wha... What the, hey, I, what?!”</p>

      <p>Her face had turned red. No, it was worse than that. Her veins were showing so hard that it was crossing into <em>purple</em>. Now this was bad news. What once was a palm was now a clenched fist. And the magic energy in her body was now sinuously suffusing the whole corridor. But the bad news didn’t end there.</p>

      <p>Because on that day, the hallway exploded.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“I’ll make this dumb-dumb do the duel later! Believe me, I will! So please, fall back for now, Miss President! Look at how everybody’s looking at you!”</p>

      <p>That was how Annius had convinced Karamia to leave my beaten-up body alone for now, after she’d stepped in to save me. Now I was lying in bed in the infirmary, ruing the fact that Annius had taken the liberty of making that promise for me.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t win the duel later either. And if I wind up dead, it’s on you, Annius.</em></p>

      <p>After I told her as much—</p>

      <p>“Hm? I think you’ll manage, won’t you?”</p>

      <p>“If I could, I wouldn’t have declined her offer.”</p>

      <p>“What about that thing in your pocket?” She pointed at the middle of the bed. It was all I had on me—the thing I’d made in class earlier.</p>

      <p>“If you ask me, everybody’s underestimating you in more ways than one. You may be Level 1, but if you make use of the rules of a formal duel, I think you can make it work.”</p>

      <p>In other words, she was telling me it all hinged on the conditions of the duel. It was very like her to think that way, given her forte was intel gathering.</p>

      <p>She smiled impishly. “Doesn’t a Level One-er taking down higher brackets sound like a blast?”</p>

      <p>Her grin told me I could count on her to help. And I could assume Liner would help too; he’d been fuming silently from a small distance away when Karamia had assaulted me.</p>

      <p>I sighed. “Guess I’ve just gotta suck it up and go for it.”</p>

      <p>My next duel would be skipping a whole ton of people. I’d be fighting the girl who was ranked third. But I did have some hope of victory. I took out the magic ring and smiled faintly. Annius and Liner smiled too. Thus did my path as a user of magic items stretch before me. Never realizing that if I simply raised my level, it’d all end in no time, this tale took me on a different road entirely. I also didn’t realize that things would also get insane if I did beat Karamia, so I continued to try my hand at the Elt-Order.</p>

      <h2>Will Linkar and Snow Walker</h2>

      <p>One day, in the Alliance, a certain band of divers were doing their final checks before the Dungeon entrance in the nation of Viaysia.</p>

      <p>“All right fellas,” said Will Linkar, the tall young man walking at the fore. “Whaddya say we move on in? Today, our guild, our Epic Seeker, is gonna write a new page in the history of the Alliance. Let’s get amped and rarin’ to go. Am I right, Snowy?” he asked me, the strategist of the group.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, huh. Ah, but don’t forget that this is <em>my</em> plan. Don’t get that mixed up.”</p>

      <p>“Right, I know. We know all the effort you put into the plan for today. And I hope you two siblings know what a huge help you’ve been to us.”</p>

      <p>“Of course we have. We’re of the Walker Clan,” I replied cockily to the guildmaster of Epic Seeker.</p>

      <p>Yep. He was the guildmaster and I was a member. As such, the age gap was significant, and our heights were different enough to compare to an adult and child. Despite that, my arrogance was unwavering, and I was trying to contend with the master, known far and wide as the strongest, as a “hero,” on his plane.</p>

      <p>“Snowy...” said my brother, Glenn Walker, who was walking behind us, in worried tones. His prowess as a scout was number one in the Alliance even at such a young age, but he still didn’t show any signs of gaining much confidence in himself. Today was yet another day of him shivering in his boots and hiding behind the sister who was smaller than him.</p>

      <p>“You’re a member of the House of Walker too, Glenn. Show some backbone. Otherwise, you’re putting the party in danger.”</p>

      <p>“Ack, sorry.”</p>

      <p>It was no exaggeration to say the success of a Dungeon dive hinged on the scout, so having him be this diffident was a big pain. All the more because for this dive, failure would not be tolerated.</p>

      <p>Today, Epic Seeker was aiming for reaches of the Dungeon never tread by humans before. The members of the party included the “strongest hero,” Will, as well as the guild’s submasters and a bevy of elite divers besides. Glenn and I, meanwhile, were in the party as the rookies everyone was talking about.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, one of the submasters was absent. It seemed Mr. Palinchron’s schedule was the only one that conflicted. Then again, that guy’s abilities weren’t suited to combat. Concluding that it wouldn’t hinder the plan all that much, I decided to go ahead with it.</p>

      <p>“Snowy, Glenny, we’re going in.”</p>

      <p>The last of the chatter was over. At long last, the Epic Seeker party ventured into the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>“Roger that, Guildmaster. You of course don’t need to worry about me. Quite the opposite, because I plan to show you how much more I contribute than you do. Heh heh! I’ll be the first to set foot in a part of the Dungeon no one’s ever seen before!”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t afford to lose. To come up short. It was all for the sake of the homeland I’d lost—no, it was for the sake of my slaughtered family. If I didn’t come out on top over the “hero” called Will Linkar, I’d lose my purpose for being born, along with everything else. It was do or die!</p>

      <p>Mr. Will looked on with kind eyes. “Ha ha. I’m expecting a lot from you, Snowy. And let me tell ya, that’s no lie. I believe from the bottom of my heart that you two genius siblings of the Walker Clan will become the <em>real</em> heroes one day.”</p>

      <p>“The real heroes? Well, anyway, you won’t be able to pretend you’re not worried for very long! I’m planning for the titles of ‘the strongest’ and ‘the hero’ to be mine in the near future, so watch out!”</p>

      <p>“You’re so dependable, Snowy. I mean it. Now I have to do my damnedest too, ha ha.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Will smiled faintly as he walked alone towards the dark of the Dungeon. His abundant confidence had me pouting; I followed him in, and Glenn followed me, our friends and allies in Epic Seeker behind him. Looking back, I got the feeling that that was everything to the guild.</p>

      <p>And so we progressed through the Dungeon. There was Mr. Will, the “strongest,” and there I was, the descendant of dragonkin. Moreover, we had Glenn, the best scout in the Alliance, as well as the guild members who, back then, were believed to be the strongest there was. There was nothing in the Dungeon that could stop us. For better or worse—no, definitely for worse, we reached it: Floor 20, where the Thief of Darkness’s Essence, Tida, awaited.</p>

      <p>At the sight of the monster that appeared within the darkness—the strongest monster in history—all of our breaths caught. Even Mr. Will, vaunted all over the continent as having no rival, broke into a cold sweat. At that moment, what floated into our heads couldn’t have been more different. All I thought about was how to defeat the shadow monster before my eyes, lest Mr. Will showed me up. Meanwhile, Mr. Will was thinking he absolutely had to save at least me.</p>

      <p>I don’t want to think about the outcome of that “battle.” Because on that day, everybody but me and my brother died. That was when the Guardian of Floor 20 became famous, a legend that Dungeon divers would share rumors about among themselves for years to come. And it was when I learned that a so-called “real” hero didn’t actually exist.</p>

      <p>It was after this that a “hero” was artificially created, and Snow Walker and Glenn Walker would experience the same anguish as Mr. Will.</p>

      <p>These were my memories. My loathsome, loathsome memories. That was the second of the three times I’d failed. The memories I’d made when I was young. The memories I wished I could forget.</p>

      <p>So I gave up. I told myself that a “true hero” who could defeat that horrid monster wasn’t anywhere to be found.</p>

      <p>And then I crossed paths with him. The one who, some years later, <em>did</em> defeat it. The boy was so strong and so kind, he could have come right out of the pages of a storybook.</p>

      <p>Which is why I...</p>

      <p>I...</p>

      <h2>Palinchron and Hine’s Duel</h2>

      <p>In order to let the young maid escape, I slipped off Sera’s back, knowing that this parting would likely be our last. And since I was the one who said it would be the end, I convinced myself that was indeed the case. Never again would I see the girl. And yet I still couldn’t find it in me to tell her I loved her. There could have been no better timing to communicate the feelings I’d bottled inside of me for so long either. It was because I’d missed my chance to tell her, though, that it dawned on me what I, Hine Hellvilleshine, truly felt for Lastiara Whoseyards.</p>

      <p>Yes, I did love her in the romantic sense. There was no doubt about that. But even more so, I loved her as a father loves a daughter. After all, when I met her, she’d basically been a newborn. However close to my age she looked on the outside, I knew what she’d been like when her heart had been callow and innocent, so who could blame me for that? It was only now after I’d raised her, secured her escape, and entrusted the rest to her that I finally caught on to my two different kinds of loves for her. And those twin streams of love made it all the easier to give my life for her like this. She was my first crush, a daughter to me, and my liege all at once. For Lady Lastiara, I could fight and fight and fight and fight.</p>

      <p>“Heh. Heh heh.”</p>

      <p>There I was on a path in town on the outskirts of Vart, laughing. I’d just realized that my first crush had been what they call a love tragedy. I’d die here, without ever confessing, without my feelings ever reaching her. And yet the faint smile on my face wouldn’t go away. This love tragedy wasn’t sad in the least. In fact, my heart was dancing.</p>

      <p>With that odd sensation in my heart, I scanned my surroundings. “Now then, I suppose I’ll break the enemy’s circle around me.”</p>

      <p>The cavalry pursuing me would be drawing close soon. They were probably Vart soldiers that Palinchron had arranged for. Pieces that he’d placed on the game board. And every one of them was the cream of the crop. As my body was at the end of its rope, I wouldn’t be able to defeat them easily. I knew myself well. I could tell I was on death’s doorstep.</p>

      <p>The day before, I’d had to flee from the Head and the Vice Head’s pursuit, and today I’d fought more than a hundred knights before fighting half of the Seven Celestial Knights. Moreover, I’d sustained a gash to my flank from a surprise attack. I was strong, but I was already past my limit. And yet for some reason, power was welling up deep inside me. I didn’t know which stream of love it was coming from. Maybe it was both. All I knew for sure was that I could still fight.</p>

      <p><em>“Sehr...”</em></p>

      <p>The horsemen were on me now. I crafted my spell. Creeped out by the way I was smiling even in my near-death state, they surrounded me from afar. There were around ten of them. Too few for this. There were still many more chasing after me.</p>

      <p><em>“Wyyyyyyynd!”</em></p>

      <p>I dipped into my life force to draw on the magic. The wind blasted the Vart road with such ferocity that it was as though I were burning my very soul for fuel. I had next to zero magic energy left in my body, yet that spell had packed the most punch out of any I’d cast that day. And that marked the beginning of the battle.</p>

      <p>Taken aback by how someone wobbling on his feet as I was could cast such a wide-range spell, they began to draw their swords and construct spells of their own. But I wasn’t about to let them. Not that easily.</p>

      <p>“Fire away! <em>Wynd!</em>”</p>

      <p>Enemies who were close by, I attacked with my sword. Enemies who were far away, I attacked with my wind. I did it all as flashily as I could, laughing my head off all the while, play-acting madness as I did battle and forcing them to bring in reinforcements. Coming to the conclusion that they couldn’t contain me with just ten soldiers, they sent out a messenger to marshal more, which was just what I wanted. Gradually, the net around me grew thicker and thicker. While I wouldn’t say it was all of them, I had successfully raised the chances of Lastiara slipping away, and that made me happy. It was like I was playing the role of reformed baddy, and I felt comfortable in that skin.</p>

      <p>I crossed blades with the Vart soldiers, occasionally tapping into my life force to fire off a big spell like a signal fire. As a result of the protracted battle, <em>he</em> got here.</p>

      <p>“Howdy there, Hine. So you’re the one keeping everybody occupied, eh?”</p>

      <p>Enter Palinchron Regacy.</p>

      <p>I owed him. He was the one who had invited me to play my part in this drama to begin with, and he was the production’s big bad. Maybe that was why I was able to have fun chatting with him despite his being my enemy.</p>

      <p>“Yes, so it goes.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron had the soldiers who were trying to capture me fall back. Even as he drew his sword and approached me, he looked a little vexed. “Gotta say, though, I don’t think even you can beat me in a situation like this. We’ve had our matches in the past, but this is the first time you’ve had a handicap this big.”</p>

      <p>“It’s true. I’ve never dueled at this great of a disadvantage before.”</p>

      <p>“If you’d just give in and surrender, that’d make my life easier.”</p>

      <p>This was the man who’d slashed me in the abdomen earlier. What’s more, we’d shortly be crossing swords with the intent to kill. But I still thought of us as friends, which was why we were able to speak on such a lighthearted note.</p>

      <p>“No can do. Heh heh. To be facing each other one-on-one, sword against sword like this, really reminds me of the good old days. When we were kids, we used to duel each other all the time.”</p>

      <p>So lighthearted we could even stroll down memory lane.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I do seem to remember that, vaguely. Come to think of it, almost all your old friends from back then have gathered close by. Glenn has probably also joined the pursuers—reluctantly, I’m sure. And since I had ol’ Rayle join in too, I bet Vohlzark’s tagging along. And now you’re here too. The ladies may be absent, but all the dudes you knew who are still alive are here.”</p>

      <p>“Is that right? In that case, tell everyone I don’t need flowers.”</p>

      <p>With those words, Palinchron now knew that I planned to die then and there; his expression turned more sour still. “That’s enough of the idle chit-chat. Sorry, but I don’t plan on humoring your stalling tactics any longer. Hope ya don’t mind if I take ya down real quick and let these guys through. You’re not gonna die here, and I’m not gonna be stopped. It’s just like old times. When it comes to the real big duel, you could never beat me.” He pointed the tip of his completely ordinary steel sword at me.</p>

      <p>I knew that already. When we’d dueled each other as kids, I’d never <em>truly</em> beaten Palinchron. Not once. He’d battled me, the boy said to be the strongest knight in the history of the House of Hellvilleshine, and he’d never lost. They’d called him a wonder child for a reason.</p>

      <p>“It’s true that at this rate, I’ll lose. After all, I have your curse to thank for the fact I’m still standing. It’s all in the palm of your hand.”</p>

      <p>I also knew that they didn’t call him a wonder child just for his swordsmanship. His true worth lay in what only he could do—curses. It was only a few days ago that that curse had started eating at me, freeing me from all of my shackles and leaving me the way I was now.</p>

      <p>“Looks like you’re well aware, then. The curse I put on you is allowing you to go past your limits. In other words, if you dispel it, you’ll succumb to your limits and drop on the spot. The battle’s already decided. You only ever took a step forward because I pushed you. You were in checkmate from the off—”</p>

      <p>“Not so, Palinchron. I’m all right now. I thank you for everything you’ve done for me till now. But from this point forward, I’ll show you that I’m standing by my <em>own</em> power. <em>Sittert Wynd!</em>”</p>

      <p>He was a wary one. He was only standing before me because he had absolute confidence he’d win. And the source of that confidence was the curse he’d placed on me. I used my wind magic to work at breaking the curse. It was a high-level spell that could take apart the opponent’s enchantment. Through that spell, I took all of the magic placed on me—the curse—and dispelled it.</p>

      <p>“What the?! Stop! If you break the curse, then—”</p>

      <p>I was dying. Without the support provided by the curse, I started to crumple, and my heart also began to wither. But I soon put some strength back in my legs. I showed him that I could stay on my feet without his help. “See? I’m all right now.”</p>

      <p>I refused to fall to earth. It was <em>me</em> fighting now, not his puppet. The look I gave him told him that. He’d run up to me to try to heal me. He must have wanted to treat me that very second. But that I couldn’t allow. If I yielded to Palinchron now, he’d be kind and have me fall unconscious. And that would mean milady would get captured. As such, I...</p>

      <p>“Now then, Palinchron. What say we get on with it? I’ll let them slip away if it’s the last thing I do. I don’t mind giving my life for that.”</p>

      <p>“Then you’re really gonna die, Hine. You okay with that?”</p>

      <p>“Have you been listening to me? I’m telling you—bring it on.”</p>

      <p>That’s right. This was what I wanted. What <em>I</em> wanted. And as I’d told Lady Lastiara earlier, this was not a sad ending to my story. I was feeling the most uplifted I’d ever felt in my life. That was why I felt such gratitude for Palinchron.</p>

      <p>“So this is what you wanted all along. And you’re good with this?”</p>

      <p>“I am,” I replied without hesitation. If I could be said to have one regret, one tiny, minuscule regret, it was that I was leaving the friend before my eyes all alone with that frown on his face. I was too inexperienced to be able to save him, my friend. Yet my heart felt so light for some reason. Maybe it was because I had that boy to rely on.</p>

      <p>Palinchron sighed. “Then I’ve got no other choice, do I? Let’s do this duel, oh knight of Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>We’d known each other for a long time, so some things I just understood. And for reasons that eluded me, I just <em>knew</em> that while this duel was what <em>I</em> wanted, it was also what he wanted.</p>

      <p>“If you would be so kind, my friend.”</p>

      <p>Our final duel would be fought in earnest, and it would be bloody, but we smiled at each other as we made our vows.</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna beat you and take the Saint and the Apostle for myself.”</p>

      <p>“No. I’m going to win, and they’re going to slip through your fingers.”</p>

      <p>We made those pledges with the carefree attitude of the countless duels we had in our youth. And so the last duel of my life commenced.</p>

      <p>I dashed with all my might, and Palinchron intercepted with his singular sword. In terms of who’d live and who’d die, I was on the back foot here. It was a miracle my body was even able to move to begin with, after all. In terms of whether I’d get what I wanted, however, I thought the match was even. After all, all I needed to do was keep them occupied for a few minutes.</p>

      <p>Blade clashed against blade, and a tangle of old memories intertwined inside me. My birth into the House of Hellvilleshine. How I lived my life shouldering so many expectations. Meeting my brother-in-law, Liner. Meeting with my friend Palinchron. Meeting the girl who’d dye my destiny. Meeting the boy I’d been waiting for. And with memories flashing before my eyes, I won. After buying enough time, Palinchron’s sword was now penetrating my chest. As for how I won, the reason was clear. Palinchron had been trying to win without having to kill me, and I’d kept fighting with full knowledge I’d die. That was all there was to it. Thus, I managed to realize my goal.</p>

      <p>My consciousness was fading. Death was shrouding my world, and my soul was disappearing from this mortal realm. Yet I had no regrets. All I felt was a sense of satisfaction. And that was maybe why at the very end, what I found myself praying for wasn’t anything to do with me or my liege. My final wish was for the wish of the dear friend who was there with me as I died, looking on with sad eyes, to be realized as well. And so the pawn called Hine did fall. The curtains closed on my ever-so-long performance, and darkness fell on the theater.</p>

      <h2>Lastiara, Dia, and Sera’s Escape</h2>

      <p>The Day of the Blessed Birth.</p>

      <p>Having fled the cathedral, a great many pursuers were dispatched to catch us. And then we left Kanami to fight Alty, who’d been lying in wait for him, and Mr. Hine had kept the commander of the pursuers, Palinchron, occupied long enough for us to slip away.</p>

      <p>We’d slipped away...reaching the country in the south, Greeard, with half the number of people we’d originally planned. The first place we headed to was a cheap inn within Greeard. Under normal circumstances, we’d have relied on relatives or acquaintances of Mr. Hine or Serry, but that was no longer on the table. Palinchron had planned out his betrayal meticulously, so we couldn’t choose the easier avenues of escape. We could safely assume that he’d placed traps in all the safe places we’d immediately think of. As such, we traded assurances of security for an inn in a corner of town, where an indeterminate number of other people stayed the night. In one of that inn’s rooms, I finished treating Dia’s injuries. The moment we reached this place, I’d worked on her wounds for close to an hour, and now I’d finally finished.</p>

      <p>Dia sat up in her bed. “Thank you. You saved me.”</p>

      <p>But that bastard Palinchron had slashed her deep, leaving a visible mark. I felt quite some rage for the man who had lacerated such a beauty so mercilessly.</p>

      <p>“Hff, hff, hff...” I was panting as hard as the gravely injured Dia. “I think we’re out of the woods for now.” I sat myself on the bed.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara,” said Dia, with a serious expression, “what happened after I got hurt? Lay it on me. The blood loss made it all fuzzy for me, so I don’t remember much.”</p>

      <p>“Well...”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know how much to tell her. I knew she had Dungeon dived alongside Sieg, and that they were very close. If I informed her of the whole truth of our situation, she’d probably try to run off to save him. Naturally, I wanted to do that too, but with how utterly exhausted we were, we’d be lambs running to the slaughter. And that was the one outcome I couldn’t let happen.</p>

      <p>“You’re hesitating to say anything. So it’s real, real bad, huh? The only people in this room are me and you. Did everybody else get caught?”</p>

      <p>Dia was impulsive, but she was by no means dumb. She’d come to a reasonable conclusion based on what she’d gleaned from her surroundings. From that, I knew that it’d be pointless to keep mum.</p>

      <p>“No, not everybody. We’ve still got Serry with us. I asked her to go collect intel for us, so she’s not here at the moment. Though since about an hour’s passed since I asked, I think she’ll be back soon.”</p>

      <p>As soon as I said that, Serry, who’d hid her face using a hood, returned to the room. It appeared she’d finished looking into what I’d told her to.</p>

      <p>“I have returned, milady, sainted Apostle.”</p>

      <p>“Hi, Serry. So what’s the skinny? Tell us both.”</p>

      <p>“It seems our Vart pursuers are suffering delays around the border. As might be expected, soldiers of one nation need to abide by the protocols to cross into another nation. I’m sure they will eventually cross over, but it’ll take them some time. And as I didn’t see any pursuers coming for us from the Greeard side, it looks as though we can rest a little bit longer.”</p>

      <p>“What a relief!” While I’d more or less surmised as much judging by the actions of our pursuers, this was confirmation that crossing national borders led to a decrease in their numbers. That was why the soldiers had tried as hard as they had to catch us within Vart.</p>

      <p>“Also, regarding the Day of the Blessed Birth, the rumors are already circulating in places where news reaches quickly. I heard people speaking of malicious insurgents breaking into the famous cathedral and kidnapping the princess of the holy celebration.”</p>

      <p>As a wolf semifer, she had great hearing, and she’d made use of that trait in order to pick up on tavern talk for us as well. Her abilities were the most suited to spy work out of anyone in Whoseyards, and thanks to her, we learned one new fact after another.</p>

      <p>“The rumors also say that some number of the Seven Celestial Knights turned traitor and that the Apostle’s whereabouts are unknown. I wouldn’t be surprised if in time, bounties are placed for the capture of each one.”</p>

      <p>“What I’d like to know is what’s known about the fire that burned down Sieg’s house. You pick up anything on that?”</p>

      <p>“That’s also what I was the most concerned about, so I searched for information making that my priority. But the fire is being treated as a separate incident than the kidnapping, so there wasn’t much information about it. All I learned was that the fire was put out right away and that there were no casualties. It’s being processed as a small-scale accident.”</p>

      <p>“So no dead bodies were found. That means that Sieg and Mar-Mar are either on the lam like us, or they got captured. Or maybe the records were falsified.”</p>

      <p>“The story goes that the ‘malicious insurgents’ are on the run, so at the very least, I don’t think they were captured in Whoseyards. However, in the event that they fell into Palinchron’s rotten clutches, the chances are high that he’s hiding them away.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I think so too. That’s the kind of rat fink we’re talking about.”</p>

      <p>Dia had been listening silently up until she heard that bit. “Sieg, in that man’s clutches?!”</p>

      <p>She was in a tizzy now. She got out of bed, as if to say none of that other information mattered, and that was the one thing she couldn’t abide by. She attempted to leave the room.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go. Any way you slice it, rushing to his rescue right now is our best option. The faster, the better.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on, Dia. We haven’t got enough information yet. If you rush out now, you’ll just lose to Palinchron, who’s waiting for you to do that. We need to at least find out where Sieg even is first—”</p>

      <p>Besides, if luck wasn’t on our side, then that Guardian Alty would also be lying in wait. And if that was the case, it was highly likely Dia would just get killed in the attempt. For the sake of saving both Sieg and Mar-Mar, we couldn’t afford to make the wrong choice here.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, Lastiara, it’s okay. As long as I don’t get surprise-attacked, I can’t lose.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not okay. That knight named Palinchron Regacy <em>specializes</em> in surprise attacks. If you engage him straight on, he’ll hit you with a trap for sure.”</p>

      <p>“Then I won’t engage him. All I’ve gotta do is raze any place I think he might be to the ground.”</p>

      <p>Dia’s overly extreme proposition left me in a cold sweat. “Are...you being serious?”</p>

      <p>“Of course I am! I can<em>not </em>let that goddamned Palinchron get off scot-free! As if I ever could! He betrayed us when it hurt us the most, the bastard! Thanks to <em>him</em>, Sieg got stranded in front of that Guardian! He was all alone!”</p>

      <p>It seemed she’d lost control; she was trying to head off and find Sieg, her hair a mess now. But her gait was unsure. Just by making for the door, she threatened to crumple to the floor.</p>

      <p>“Calm down! You’re wobbling on your feet! If you don’t get some rest, you’re gonna wreck your body!”</p>

      <p>I’d healed her to the best of my ability, but that didn’t mean the blood that had left her body had come back to her. At the very least, she couldn’t have regained enough energy to be able to fight. I stepped in to hold up her tottering form, but she tried to brush off my hand.</p>

      <p>“Don’t stop me, Lastiara! I need to go save Sieg. Sieg is my friend...and Sieg means the world to me!”</p>

      <p>I could see madness seeping into her face as she tried to move forward. She kept repeating Sieg’s name over and over. It was like she’d been possessed—no, she’d gotten a <em>curse</em> placed on her, making her obsessed with saving her friend right this instant.</p>

      <p>Serry had been refraining from acting until that point. She was no longer able to sit and keep quiet. “Please calm down, Great Apostle!”</p>

      <p>But a second voice of reason had no effect either. Dia refused to stop. In fact, our voices may not have been reaching her to begin with.</p>

      <p>She looked in a direction where nobody was and mumbled to herself, “Ah, I’ve gotta be quick! If I want me to stay <em>me</em>, I’ve absolutely gotta save Sieg! If I don’t, then why did I take the other me and...”</p>

      <p>“The other me”? She was using two different first-person pronouns, the brash male one and the more neutral one. There could be no doubt about it; this wasn’t normal. I resorted to rough measures.</p>

      <p>“You’re acting barmy! Sorry, but it can’t be helped! I’m pinning you down for now! Serry, stay right there!”</p>

      <p>“But... But milady...”</p>

      <p>Serry was a devout believer, so it must have been tough for her to lay hands on Dia, who was vaunted as the Apostle. And there was also the fact that if she intervened without her whole heart in it, it spelled danger. When we were escaping from the cathedral, she’d seen a facet of Dia’s strength. If Dia went into full berserker mode, then it could prove perilous even for a battle-hardened knight like Serry.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Dia!” I apologized as I moved to bind her.</p>

      <p>There was about a meter separating us. As such, the battle was over in no time.</p>

      <p>Dia incanted a spell as she turned around to face me. “Outta the way! <em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>Her right arm flew in my direction. I looked at the palm of her hand; the sheer concentration of magic energy gave me goosebumps. I gave in to instinct and wrenched myself out of the way.</p>

      <p>That second, a flash of light blazed forth.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!”</p>

      <p>The name of the spell was that of a normal fire spell, but what had shot out could be likened to a spear of pure light, and that spear grazed my shoulder. The sheer firepower told me that if I got hit by one directly, I’d faint. And that if Dia wanted to, she could launch faster, stronger spears of light.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t given a second to breathe; a second shot was fired at me even as I lost my balance from the first. The rapid fire was fearsome, but now I’d seen this spell before, and besides, it wasn’t the type of spell one ought to use this close up to begin with. I moved away from where Dia’s palm was pointing; however fatigued I was, I wasn’t so weak that I’d lose to a mage under such circumstances. As I evaded her second shot, I swung around behind her and snaked both arms under her armpits from behind.</p>

      <p>“Dia! If you go by yourself, this right here’s how you’ll end up!”</p>

      <p>I lifted her light body up. But Dia wasn’t throwing in the towel yet. “Then I’ll just do this! <em>Flame!</em>”</p>

      <p>Fire bled through her skin so as to burn me.</p>

      <p>“Hot, hot, hot!”</p>

      <p>My body stiffened, and for a second I was about to let go of her, but I endured the pain and kept holding the blazing girl in my arms. Dia was the first to raise her voice. Her expression a mix of bewilderment and worry, the madness diminished slightly.</p>

      <p>“Hey!” she shouted. “Get off me, Lastiara! If you hang onto me any longer—”</p>

      <p>“I’m not letting go!” I absolutely refused to unhand her. That scream was close to a vow. “I don’t wanna let go of anybody anymore! That’s how I’m gonna live my life from now on! Sieg, Mar-Mar, and Mr. Hine all left my side, but I’m not letting you go too! That’s what I’ve decided!”</p>

      <p>So many things had slipped through my hands in the space of a day, and I regretted that, but I wouldn’t make that mistake again! I had no desire to!</p>

      <p>“Lastiara!”</p>

      <p>My steely resolve must have gotten through to her, because her flames slowly weakened. A little more relieved now, I gently patted her head from behind.</p>

      <p>“Please, Dia, calm down. It’s never okay to give in to anger like that. Like, for example...in plays and the like, it’s always those guys who die first, right? So calm down.”</p>

      <p>“Plays? Well, I mean, I do understand what you’re getting at.” She nullified her body flames completely.</p>

      <p>I noted from her expression that the madness was gone now, but I didn’t understand why she was so puzzled.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Did I say something weird?” To me, the reasoning was ironclad, but maybe it wasn’t to her.</p>

      <p>“No, you’re right, Lastiara. What’s important is taking Sieg back, not revenge. I’m sorry. My short fuse is a bad habit of mine.”</p>

      <p>I freed her from my grip. “That’s a relief...though in your case, I’d say it’s less a ‘short fuse’ and more... You know what, never mind.”</p>

      <p>It seemed Dia honestly believed that she’d done what she’d done just now because she had a short fuse, but from where I was standing, that wasn’t quite correct. In my eyes, she’d lost her cool simply because it had to do with Sieg. Most likely, whenever Sieg entered the picture, she lost all rationality. There was a chance that her psyche was even more precarious than Mar-Mar’s.</p>

      <p>Dia hung her head. “What’s more important than getting back at that bastard Palinchron is Sieg’s safety,” she reflected. “And yet there I was, about to... When I get worked up, I’m really useless.”</p>

      <p>From those words, I knew now that as long as Sieg wasn’t involved, she was a nice and sweet girl.</p>

      <p>“Phew. I’m happy you’ve calmed down now. For a second there, I thought you’d cook me to a crisp.”</p>

      <p>“I could never do something like that! Sieg picked you to be one of his friends. I’d never harm a friend!”</p>

      <p>“But you were aiming to knock me unconscious, weren’t you? Using that flash-of-light attack.”</p>

      <p>“I... I did hold back, ya know?” she bragged as she averted her eyes. “That was around a tenth of my true potential. It wouldn’t have pierced through your flesh if it hit you head-on. Those <em>Flame Arrow</em>s were for the impact.”</p>

      <p>Oh no, no. If one had hit me, it would have been disastrous. I could tell as much from the cold sweat dripping down her face.</p>

      <p>Dia’s personality was becoming clearer to me, little by little. She was the opposite of the overly cold and calm Sieg; she flew into a fury on a dime, losing sight of her surroundings. That meant that it fell on me to play the cool and collected one now, even though it didn’t match my personality either.</p>

      <p>“All right, then, let’s just forget that happened. When fights break out between friends, it’s best to patch things up and forget. Because what we need to be focusing on first is getting back in shape.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Lastiara. It’s true—once you and I get back in fighting form, nobody can stop us. If we do end up having to fight people, let it be after we’re back in shape.”</p>

      <p>“Right-o! Besides, while we’re resting here, Sieg and Mar-Mar may even surprise us by coming to Greeard themselves. So first things first: we rest and we gather intel. You good with that?”</p>

      <p>“Roger that. I’m choosing to follow your policies for now. I’m the type where the blood rushes to my head easily, so I think it’s probably better if I only act under somebody’s orders.”</p>

      <p>“You got it. All righty, looks like we’ve got ourselves a plan. Boy howdy, am I ever relieved!”</p>

      <p>We’d finally reached a stopping point. Dia and I shook hands with smiles on our faces, reaffirming our friendship. But then, we got hit by a proverbial splash of cold water.</p>

      <p>“Er...not to interrupt you two...”</p>

      <p>“Hm? What’s the trouble?”</p>

      <p>Serry was pointing at the wall. “It’s just, there are holes in the building now.”</p>

      <p>Dia’s <em>Flame Arrows</em> had punched holes about as big as my fist into the wall; the breeze was blowing in from outside.</p>

      <p>“Ah,” said Dia and I simultaneously.</p>

      <p>“Milady, Your Grace...let’s flee sooner rather than later. As much as I feel for the inn, we don’t have the wherewithal to pay for repairs right now.”</p>

      <p>Serry was hurriedly beginning to dress herself in preparation to flee—reminding me of our party’s current financial situation.</p>

      <p>“Now that you mention it, you’re right. All we’ve got are the clothes we happen to be wearing.”</p>

      <p>“And Sieg’s the one holding onto my money for me,” added Dia.</p>

      <p>My current assets included the dress I’d put on for the ritual...and nothing else. All we had besides that was the wallet Serry usually carried on her person. And as might be expected, her pocket money wasn’t enough to pay for repairs. Left with no other choice, I made an addendum to my plan.</p>

      <p>“Uh, in that case, let me add a rider! Let’s also change our base of operations and raise some funds! Step one, let’s mosey. We can come back to this inn and apologize when we have the leeway.”</p>

      <p>A lover of justice, Serry frowned. “I hate to do it, but we have no other option.”</p>

      <p>Dia apologized. “Sorry, wolf lady. It’s all my fault.”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, you’re not to blame, Your Grace. I understand how you feel.”</p>

      <p>It seemed Serry also felt the urge to go out and punish Palinchron right then and there, so she replied warmly in order to console Dia.</p>

      <p>“Yep,” I said, glomming onto that idea at full force, “nobody here’s at fault! It’s all Palinchron’s fault! He’s the one to blame!”</p>

      <p>Awkwardly, Dia and Serry both expressed their agreement.</p>

      <p>“Uh, yeah, uh-huh,” said Dia. “If it wasn’t for <em>him</em>, we wouldn’t be in this mess!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, yes, that’s right,” said Serry. “There can be no doubt. Your Grace the Apostle isn’t to blame for the holes in the wall; it’s that damned Palinchron. Curse you, Palinchron. He’s acting as underhanded and unjust as always!”</p>

      <p>Thus we kept telling ourselves that it was all Palinchron’s fault as we got our clothes in order and fled out the window. While we’d had a little trouble at the start there, the bonds tying this new party of three had solidified. At that point in time, we felt enough of a sense of solidarity to be able to think that way.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Two days later.</p>

      <p>We’d changed bases, but now our war chest was good and empty. The pieces of silver that Serry had been carrying had finally run out.</p>

      <p>That being said, in that time, Dia and I had returned to fighting form. Of course, since our pursuers from both Vart and Whoseyards, if not more nations besides, were slowly but surely crossing the border, we couldn’t sleep too deeply, so I couldn’t say we were operating at a hundred percent.</p>

      <p>Then again, if we didn’t earn money somehow, we wouldn’t be able to eat, let alone stay the night at an inn.</p>

      <p>“And so we’re here to earn us some scratch,” I said.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while since I came to the Dungeon,” said Dia.</p>

      <p>We’d had no choice but to enter the Dungeon from the Greeard side. Serry was away gathering intel for us. We also needed one of us to stick around in Greeard in case Sieg reached the country and used <em>Dimension</em> to search for us.</p>

      <p>Dia and I ventured away from the Pathway, chatting as we walked down a corridor unobserved by anybody’s prying eyes.</p>

      <p>“What say we test how our bodies are holding up while practicing our party dynamics at the same time? There may come a time in the future where we’ll have to fight Palinchron or Alty, after all. So, er, how did you and Sieg fight before?”</p>

      <p>“I guess for the most part, Sieg would detect enemies and wall them off for me, and I’d shoot them with magic from the rear.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s crib off that for the time being. Leave the vanguard position to me!”</p>

      <p>“Sure, thanks.”</p>

      <p>We were aiming for the Floor 3 zone, a safe environment where we could earn just enough to cover our living expenses. I figured we ought to search for an area with as few other people as possible and fell monsters one at a time.</p>

      <p>I spotted a quadrupedal beast-type monster. “Found one. Dia, aim for—”</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>The second I said anything, that spear of light pierced the enemy’s hide.</p>

      <p>“Wow, that was fast.”</p>

      <p>“Well, once it comes that close, it’s already within firing range, so...”</p>

      <p>“Could it be that I’m slow at spotting monsters?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah, well, er...compared to Sieg...”</p>

      <p>It seemed I was, in fact, slow. But it couldn’t be helped. I chose to be happy we were able to hunt with such ease rather than fuss over who was stronger between me and Sieg.</p>

      <p>“I must say, you’re packing some firepower. And most impressive of all, you didn’t expend any MP to launch that spell just now.”</p>

      <p>“I can do a lot more besides. Alty taught me all sorts of stuff.”</p>

      <p>“Alty did? Ah, I almost forgot, Sieg did ask for that.”</p>

      <p>I’d conversed with the Guardian of the Tenth Floor before. But now that she had set fire to the house alongside Mar-Mar, she was our enemy. I had to wonder why she’d teach magic to Dia, who she’d had to have known would become an enemy. She could have come up with any number of reasons to refuse the request.</p>

      <p>My expression must have betrayed my puzzlement, because Dia answered my question right away.</p>

      <p>“I’m thinking she wanted to make use of me in case that black-haired girl ended up a dud in her eyes.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I wonder.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t think she wanted to “make use of her.” Not really, anyway. I’d only known her for a short while, but that little-girl-looking monster didn’t strike me as the type to exploit others. Though in any case, she <em>was</em> our enemy now.</p>

      <p>“Don’t you worry, I’m gonna make Alty rue the fact she gave me a power-up! Cuz now, I haven’t got any openings even during close-quarters and midrange combat! <em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>Dia used magic to announce she’d washed her hands of her former teacher. The spell had pierced the flesh of a monster quite a ways away. Her firing range and precision were superb. There was no longer any doubt—in terms of magical combat, she now exceeded even me.</p>

      <p>“Wow, that’s incredible. Now if Serry can’t run for whatever reason, I can maybe still rest easy.”</p>

      <p>Unlike Mar-Mar, who had difficulties fighting up close, Dia’s magic came with a sense of security. For starters, the speeds of their spells were leagues apart. Dia could fire overwhelmingly powerful magic without needing long-winded incantations. Moreover, her rapid-fire capabilities and fuel efficiency were both massive threats. And she could even light her own body aflame, like she had with me, in order to burn close-range enemies. It was truly no exaggeration to say she could fight at any distance. And that perhaps meant that there’d be no problem if we dived deeper floors than Floor 3.</p>

      <p>“Nice. Looks like we’ll make short work of our moneymaking.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Let’s go slay us some more monsters.”</p>

      <p>And so we went down the corridors of the Dungeon in search of prey. Not a single monster posed a threat to us, of course, so we eventually decided to split up and defeat enemies as we went. But even that wasn’t enough to hunt monsters with efficiency. Simply put, it was hard to find monsters. It made me appreciate just how overpowered the dimensional magic that Sieg employed to detect them was. All said, though, Dia and I hunted and hunted monsters so that we’d never have to worry about money again.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>And our labor bore fruit. I was now outside a money-changer’s shop in Greeard, the smile on my face a mile wide.</p>

      <p>“Man oh man, I didn’t really pay attention to it before, but Dungeon diving really does pay a small mint. We may not have to worry about how or where we’ll stay the night anymore.”</p>

      <p>Of course, when we were in town, we wore many layers of tattered clothes so as not to advertise the fact we were the rumored “goddess in the flesh” and “sainted apostle.” I’d carefully burned the dress I’d worn for the ceremony to cinders. The person manning the desk at the shop took one look at how dirty we looked and reckoned we were novice Dungeon divers.</p>

      <p>“I get the feeling that was my first <em>proper</em> dive in a while,” said Dia. “Diving with Sieg, I’d always just snipe the enemies before I could even see them.”</p>

      <p>She gleefully put the money she’d earned into her pocketbook. I figured that before today, she didn’t have much experience taking down monsters on her own power. It was just like Sieg to be so overcautious. At a guess, he’d been by her side at all times, never letting her go off on her own like I had.</p>

      <p>“That money is money you earned fair and square, so make sure you don’t lose it, okay?” I said. “Now then, let’s go back to the inn, shall we?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, with this money, we can change inns today too. To be honest, yesterday’s was so cheap it was <em>rough</em> staying there.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I dunno, I kinda liked it. I think it’s got a charm all its own <em>because</em> it’s so terrible.”</p>

      <p>Since we were on the run, we were being as careful as possible not to stay in one place for too long. And thanks to the day’s earnings, there was no doubt we could shift to finer lodgings, a fact Dia was relishing from the bottom of her heart.</p>

      <p>We chatted as we made our way back to the inn of which we’d spoken. It was in a corner of town, an inn standing inconspicuously amid a back alley. To be frank, it didn’t look like the sort of establishment that upright, law-abiding citizens made use of. Upon returning to the room we were staying in, my trusty knight came to greet us.</p>

      <p>“Ah...I awaited your arrival.” She bowed her head, smiling so broadly I thought she might even start wagging her tail.</p>

      <p>“Oh hey, you’re already back. So how’re things going for you?” I asked in reference to the intel I’d told her to gather for us.</p>

      <p>“It’s going smoothly. I was able to meet with a knight we can trust. Which is to say, Ragne.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Raggie? Are we gonna be okay?”</p>

      <p>She had joined the other side back at the cathedral, so I felt a tad uneasy about coming into contact with her.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to worry,” replied Serry. “Ragne was more against the ceremony than she was for it. So much so that if I hadn’t stopped her, she might have come with us.”</p>

      <p>“I see. So she was more on my side, huh?”</p>

      <p>While I thought it was a shame that she’d sided with our enemies at the cathedral, it seemed Serry had told Raggie to do so in consideration for Raggie’s position. The fact that the two were still friends put a smile on my face.</p>

      <p>“Thanks to her,” said Serry, “I’ve come to learn quite a few things. However, I do have some bad news to give you, milady.”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine. I’m ready for it.”</p>

      <p>“First, there’s word of Whoseyards confirming two people dead. The first is Hine Hellvilleshine. The second is the Guardian of the Tenth Floor, who is no more.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “I see. I knew it. Mr. Hine, he...”</p>

      <p>“Yes, milady. It seems that he expended every ounce of his strength for the sake of his wish. As such, I don’t think he would want you to be sad...” she said, trying to console me in her clumsy way.</p>

      <p>To be honest, I’d braced myself for that eventuality. After all, we’d been able to break free of that thick, despair-inducing envelopment of troops. And that could only mean that Mr. Hine had gone past his limits to keep on fighting. But that had also been the outcome he himself had wanted. So for his sake, I vowed inwardly not to shed any tears or stop moving. I was sure that if he was here, he’d tell me that was what made me me.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. To me, Mr. Hine was the greatest knight and the greatest teacher. I’m not sad. What I am is proud of him... And now we know that those two are dead. What about Sieg and Mar-Mar? What happened to them? Do we know anything about what happened afterwards?”</p>

      <p>On that day, we’d left Alty, Sieg and Mar-Mar to their own devices. The fact that out of those three, only Alty was confirmed dead made me think that Sieg must have won the battle, but...</p>

      <p>“I don’t know,” replied Serry. “Whoseyards is treating them as having fallen into nobody’s hands as of yet.”</p>

      <p>“But they haven’t reached Greeard yet.”</p>

      <p>If Sieg hadn’t fallen into somebody’s clutches, he would have come to Greeard with Mar-Mar by now. And he would have used <em>Dimension</em> to find us and meet back up with us.</p>

      <p>“From what we know,” said Serry, “they’re most likely...”</p>

      <p>“In Palinchron’s clutches, huh?” I said.</p>

      <p>“Yes, milady. The chances are high that Palinchron got hold of the two and is concealing them. The bastard did come across as rather obsessed with that Sieg. It’s likely that he’s using him for some nefarious scheme.”</p>

      <p>It was the worst we could hope for. Palinchron had basically won, and it was a victory for him and only him. Sieg, us, and the whole nation of Whoseyards was worse off, and only <em>he</em> had anything to show for it. I ground my teeth at his competence. So did Dia, who had been listening from close by. A vast quantity of magic energy was leaking from her body, and it threatened to explode at any moment.</p>

      <p>“I do come bearing good news as well,” Serry continued. “Thanks to Ragne looking into things on her own, we now know where Palinchron Regacy is. It seems he’s currently under the patronage of Laoravia. Apparently, he had to flee to the safest country for him since he’s persona non grata in Whoseyards. He’s now back with the guild he used to belong to, Epic Seeker, and it looks as though he’s up to something.”</p>

      <p>“Laoravia, eh? That does make sense. Even Whoseyards is gonna have a tough time poking its tendrils there.”</p>

      <p>Unlike Whoseyards, where the law was strictly enforced, Laoravia had a more free-spirited streak to it. While they were technically allied, they were the two nations in the Dungeon Alliance with the most tension between them. And the reason he was leaning on Laoravia and not Vart must be to be in an advantageous position when it came to future negotiations with Whoseyards. As always, his net of contacts was deep, and he was skilled at finding the right place to be during any given stretch.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara,” said Dia, “I wanna go to Laoravia. Can I?”</p>

      <p>Dia had waited for the conversation to settle before asking. And because she <em>was</em> asking for consent, it seemed she had a little bit of composure left. That said, if I did say no, who knew when she’d explode?</p>

      <p>“Yes, let’s. All we know right now is where Palinchron is. So I guess we’ve got no choice but to go there. It looks like he’s the only one who knows where Sieg and Mar-Mar are, so...”</p>

      <p>Best of all, Alty, who we considered the trickiest enemy to beat, was no longer in the picture. If Palinchron was all we had to contend with, I was confident that if we prepared meticulously enough, we could overpower him.</p>

      <p>“All right,” said Dia. “Plus, you and I have polished our teamwork to a shine. Let’s go beat Palinchron’s ass and make him spill where Sieg is.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose that’s our best option. If we stay like this, it’ll only get worse and worse.”</p>

      <p>The number of people chasing us within Greeard was bound to increase at some point, and that would make even walking around town a struggle. We’d spotted a handful of Whoseyards soldiers just today. And without a doubt, there were more of them than the day before. With that being the case, it was better to come out and fight sooner rather than later.</p>

      <p>“Ah, at long last,” mumbled Dia with a smile. “It won’t be long now. Just a bit longer, and Sieg...”</p>

      <p>In fact, if and when she got pushed past her limits, some place in the Dungeon Alliance would turn into a wasteland. There was no other possibility.</p>

      <p>“So it’s settled. Let’s head for Laoravia right away. We’ll grab somebody who belongs to the Epic Seeker guild and make them cough up where Palinchron is. Then we’ll make Palinchron cough up where Sieg and Mar-Mar are.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, leave fighting that bastard to me. For starters, I’m gonna get him back for that slash. You can count on it.”</p>

      <p>“Your Grace, allow me to aid you. Let’s smash Palinchron to bits together.”</p>

      <p>The two clasped hands amicably as they colluded. I added my own hand and announced the name of the operation I’d just come up with.</p>

      <p>“Now then, commence Operation Retrieve Sieg and Mar-Mar!”</p>

      <p>With that, we exited the room. Palinchron may have thumped us on the Day of the Blessed Birth, but now it was our turn. We weren’t about to lose again. Not to anybody. And we wouldn’t relinquish a single one of our allies. That was what I vowed to myself as I headed for Laoravia—all to grasp Sieg and Mar-Mar’s hands in mine once again.</p>

      <h2>Snow’s New Lifestyle</h2>

      <p>A few days had passed since I’d started my new life in the guild.</p>

      <p>I took off my clothes, switching to lighter dress before drawing closer to the window of my room and looking up at the stars. Perhaps thanks to the countless pinpricks of light, the night wasn’t dark. I could clearly make out the Laoravian townscape with my naked eye. And even though the sun was down, the city wasn’t sleeping or anything. There were lots of people who worked nights walking around, including Dungeon divers like me. The townscape wore on forever in this, the nation of Laoravia. The nation of freedom. Seeing all that, I felt a sense of liberation for the first time in a long while.</p>

      <p>“Thanks to Kanami, every day is the easy life,” I murmured, intimating the reason without varnish.</p>

      <p>I didn’t care if Kanami was listening in using his magic. Given how kind a guildmaster he was, that wasn’t enough to incur his anger. It was a personality type that was rare in this day and age. But it could also be called the ideal personality for me.</p>

      <p>That was why...as chilly as the night breeze may be, I didn’t feel the least bit cold. If anything, my heart was nice and fuzzy and warm. So much so that if nobody was watching, I might even want to take off my underwear too.</p>

      <p>“He doesn’t feel like a ‘true hero,’ but even so, he’s good people,” I muttered.</p>

      <p>It had been an offhand remark, but it struck at the heart of me. Because what mattered to me most was whether he was a true hero. And while Palinchron had said he <em>was</em>, I didn’t think so. He wasn’t really, but...he was like Mr. Will that way.</p>

      <p>Will Linkar, the former and first guildmaster of Epic Seeker. Kanami maybe had a bit in common with that man. There was the distinct possibility that I was just thinking that because there simply wasn’t anybody I could rely on quite like Mr. Will. That said, Mr. Will and Kanami were both kind souls. They were kind and strong and heroic, and at heart, neither liked being a hero. So were they indeed two peas in a pod?</p>

      <p><em>Hmm...Kanami and Mr. Will, huh? They don’t </em>look<em> alike, but...hmm...</em></p>

      <p>“Wait, is it just me, or have I been thinking about nothing but Kanami lately?”</p>

      <p>A few days had passed since Kanami had become guildmaster. I got the feeling that over the past few nights, I’d been ruminating over much the same stuff. <em>Wonder why...</em></p>

      <p>“Could it be? Do I <em>like</em> him?”</p>

      <p><em>Nah...</em></p>

      <p>I immediately shot down my own conjecture. After all, there was only one person I’d ever liked that way in my life. The girl who had asked me to run away with her all those years ago. The girl who both reminded me of Kanami and didn’t. Her name was...</p>

      <p><em>Eh, never mind. It’s better if I don’t remember.</em></p>

      <p>“Ha, ha ha...”</p>

      <p>My legs were shaking. Just from reminiscing a little bit about my third major screw-up—just from that hell flickering into view in the back of my mind, I was suddenly racked with the chills. And this body was a dragonewt’s. A dragonewt could live even in ice, and still I felt horribly cold. This had reached the realm of illness. An incurable disease of the heart.</p>

      <p>Staggering, I closed the window and slowly distanced myself from it. Those flickering images of hell—the last moments of the girl who had run away with me... I shook them off.</p>

      <p>“He... He’s different. Kanami’s way stronger than me, so it’ll be okay.”</p>

      <p>By putting that sentiment into words, I managed to put a gradual stop to the chills. I had faith that that girl’s last moments wouldn’t happen again. And the complete faith I had in that made me realize the reason that Kanami being in my life made my heart feel so warm.</p>

      <p>“Ah. So that’s it. That’s what Kanami is to me.”</p>

      <p>Forgive me for my wording, but to me, he was super duper <em>convenient.</em> He was stronger than either me or Glenn, and he was even kinder than Mr. Will. What would you call a guy like that except convenient? The girl had been kind, yes, but she hadn’t been strong enough. Yet Kanami had both strength and kindness in spades. That was what made me feel so ridiculously safe and warm.</p>

      <p>“What I feel for him isn’t <em>romantic</em>. What is this feeling?”</p>

      <p>It was a slightly different feeling from what I’d felt for Mr. Will or that girl. And it was the first time I’d ever grappled with an emotion I couldn’t name. It confused me, but I plopped myself into bed holding on tight to that feeling. I was still in light attire, but my body had gotten so warm. The more I thought about Kanami, the better it felt.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, another day, another night I can fall asleep without having to worry.</em></p>

      <p>Thanks to Kanami, the nights I’d spent so fearfully were now this lovely.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll give Kanami my work to do tomorrow too. I’m sure he’ll humor me and say, “Guess it can’t be helped.”</em></p>

      <p>I could hardly wait.</p>

      <p>“Tee hee hee.”</p>

      <p>That was why I was able to yield to slumber with a reassured smile on my face. I could relinquish it all...<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Needless to say, that was in fact her first crush. It would take her a little while to realize that this warm feeling was proof that she did, in fact, love Kanami. Farther along this tale, her inner child will take a step forward, and she will come to recognize her first crush.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>