<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: And Then It Fell to Pieces</h1>

      <p>Several days passed without incident. In the end, I was never able to so much as touch the bangle. I still had time for now, and it was still too soon to come to a decision. If the crossword puzzle of the truth still had blank squares, I just had to fill in those squares one at a time. And once it was finished, I could make up my mind about what was right and what was wrong. So I found myself starting to think that I should just maintain the status quo while taking my time picking up bits of the information that I was missing as I went along.</p>

      <p>However, ever since I’d promised to fight Lastiara in the Brawl, she hadn’t established contact with me. Nor had Diablo Sith. Snow, meanwhile, had no interest in my memories, and Mr. Rayle was sticking to the terms of the deal. Which meant that I wasn’t getting any new information about my memories any time soon.</p>

      <p>As such, I had no choice but to keep training in the blade alongside Lorwen until the Brawl, when I would be able to see Lastiara and Diablo Sith again. Besides, leveling up was always helpful. Being stronger was bound to be advantageous when it came to drawing information out of those two, and an increase in my MP would make keeping Reaper alive an easier task.</p>

      <p>That wasn’t to say I was neglecting my guild duties, of course. If anything, they were mainly what occupied my time. We ably completed assignments from the state while also taking up jobs that were of service to Laoravia. Lorwen and Reaper also pitched in when they had time to spare, which certainly didn’t hurt.</p>

      <p>I guess it had an effect, because Epic Seeker was flourishing, its reputation growing all over the nation. Inevitably, I started getting famous too, and every time I walked through town, I was greeted by loads of people—kids running around, traders at the markets, patrolling sentries, the residents of Laoravia, all sending smiles my way.</p>

      <p>As Epic Seeker was doing a lot of the work maintaining public security in town lately, the guild was popular with the locals. Though I had only chosen those jobs with my detection magic in mind, it seemed it had resulted in gaining the approval of the people.</p>

      <p>Lorwen often looked on fondly. He gazed at them longingly, as if witnessing a blessed sight. From that, I could tell that the everyday happiness of the people living in this town was one of the things he had chased after. I was a little astounded by how small-scale his desires were. He was so easy to satisfy that if he was surrounded by a few dozen people giving him a round of applause, I wouldn’t be surprised if he disappeared entirely. I occasionally overheard the kids in the neighborhood calling him “Master,” and I wanted to think that it was just my imagination, but I could swear that was all it took for his magic energy to weaken a little. Was Lorwen himself even aware that was the case?</p>

      <p>And so the days went by without anything particularly good or bad happening, and the Brawl was now around the corner. It was three days away when a notification from the Laoravian government came in that was different from usual. This time it was addressed not to Epic Seeker but to me personally. It was an invitation to a ball held by the state. And it appeared this was different from the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball. It was an actual ball meant as a social. From what I heard, it had been arranged after the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball became a place for competition.</p>

      <p>As the head of the guild, I wasn’t in a position to turn the invitation down. My participation was a foregone conclusion whether I liked it or not.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Clad in raiments that were more constricting than I was used to, I spoke to the usual guild members in the office of Epic Seeker about the ball.</p>

      <p>“Huh. A ball, eh?”</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t be more envious,” said Lorwen, who was seated on the window frame. “Getting invited to a place like that is proof you have prestige now.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m nothing but depressed. Apparently, I was invited because the royals of Laoravia have taken an interest in me.”</p>

      <p>“Catching the interest of the royals is enough to make you the object of envy. Oh well. I may not be able to come with ya, but you’ll have Snow, who’s used to that kinda thing. If anything comes up, you can turn to her.”</p>

      <p>The fact that she would be accompanying me did ease my nerves a little. She was often called to such events due to being from a prominent noble house.</p>

      <p>“So it’s just me and Lorwen today!” said Reaper, who was floating near the ceiling. “My urge to kill’s rising!”</p>

      <p>Her rather disturbing remark made me uneasy.</p>

      <p>Lorwen frowned. “Oh c’mon, not again. I’m only on a team with ya because you keep saying ya can’t deal otherwise. Try anything funny and I’m kicking ya out of my party.”</p>

      <p>“Er, you and Reaper are slated for the final qualifier of the Brawl, right?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Over the past few days, Lorwen had done the qualifying rounds. Needless to say, he was in no danger of getting eliminated during the final round either. What worried me was Reaper’s inclusion in his party. She was going to participate in the Brawl alongside him. According to her, she’d be by his side lest he should die in some accident as opposed to by her hand, but I didn’t know if that was what was truly motivating her.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, we’ll give it a light touch. I’ll look after Reaper, so you go do what ya gotta do and don’t pay us any mind.”</p>

      <p>“I’m told you’re planning to take her to the final qualifier; is that gonna be okay?”</p>

      <p>“Knowing her, she can take on your run-of-the-mill tough guys, no problem. I don’t even think she’ll get a scratch on her. Besides, if it ever looks like she <em>will</em> take a hit, I’ll step in.”</p>

      <p>“No, I mean are the other participants gonna be okay?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re worried about <em>them</em>... You don’t gotta worry about that either. I’ll also step in if it ever looks like she might get carried away.”</p>

      <p>I got the sense that over the last few days, Lorwen was coddling her at accelerating rates. He probably didn’t really see her as a curse or a personification of death anymore. For better or worse, his peaceful life on the surface was changing his perception.</p>

      <p>“It’s almost time. Let’s go, Kanami.” Before I knew it, Snow was there, standing in front of the door to the office.</p>

      <p>Her choice of attire was similar to the one she wore when she was called to the House of Siddark. This time, her bell-line dress was beige. She was looking really pretty, and she had her hair tied up, reminding me she was in fact the scion of a well-to-do clan. The pale skin visible on the nape of her neck gave a vibe of rectitude, while the long gloves suggested elegance and dignity.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, sorry to keep you waiting. I’m ready.”</p>

      <p>“No, you’re not. Tighten your collar.”</p>

      <p>She put her hands to my neck and did it for me. I’d thought I’d tightened it plenty enough, but not in her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Thanks.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>