<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Who or what? Good question.”</p>

      <p>Unlike Diablo Sith, she seemed to be calm. She chose her words carefully.</p>

      <p>“We’re your comrades,” she said. “Companions.”</p>

      <p>The way she said that we were companions without any reservation struck me as so beautiful. At first, I thought it was because of her inhuman good looks, but that wasn’t it. It wasn’t skin-deep beauty. It was the verve of her voice, her lack of hesitation or doubt. And the weightiness of what she said. That was what cast her in such a beautiful light. She possessed the solemnity of someone who had found the meaning of life after many long years. In the face of her nobility and her beauty, I started blushing.</p>

      <p>“Companions?” I stammered out.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t make heads or tails of that response. There was no way we could be that close. This was the first time I’d ever met them. How could it be otherwise? And yet Lastiara Whoseyards looked me straight in the eye and, without lying, called us companions. It was like a scene out of a fairy tale but even more magical. It was like a painting displayed in a museum but even more sublime. She had a mystical aura to her. So much so that she might have even been able to successfully pass off black as white.</p>

      <p>I could feel my heart beating faster. My cheeks turned red. What was this unidentified emotion getting me so worked up?</p>

      <p>“Yep. I got the gist of your situation too. I can see these things, after all. So let me ask not Sieg but you, Kanami, a question. Tell me—what’s become of Mar-Mar?”</p>

      <p>That strange heat inside me froze over in an instant. “Wha? What’s Maria got to do with this?”</p>

      <p>“Not to repeat myself, but she’s a comrade. She’s important to me.”</p>

      <p>I was more than surprised to hear her name. I was also frightened. There were few who knew it. As we were from another world, we hadn’t been here for very long, which was one reason. The second reason was that, as a rule, I had decided I should be the one who stood at the center of the stage. So how did this girl know about my sister, who was hiding behind the curtains?</p>

      <p>My sister was more precious to me than my own skin. Realizing that she might be in danger, I raised my voice despite myself. “Comrade?! How would you two know my sister that way?!”</p>

      <p>“Your...sister? Hmm. The mind manipulation you’re under’s gonna be a real headache, Siegy boy.”</p>

      <p>I remembered who else I’d heard about mind manipulation and the name “Sieg” from before. And I knew that that person was hiding out of sight behind me.</p>

      <p>“For crying out loud, who is this Sieg?! Snow! What’s this Sieg thing about?!”</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t bring me into this, please!” she stammered, emerging from behind her cover with a distressed look on her face.</p>

      <p>Lastiara Whoseyards saw her face. “Snow?” she said, puzzled. “Snow Walker? What’re you doing here?”</p>

      <p>“It’s... I... I don’t want to get on your bad side. Hey, Kanami, c’mon, repeat back what I said! The thing I told you to remember!”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t like Snow for her speech not to be languid. It seemed she was scared of the freakishly strong girl.</p>

      <p>“Repeat what you said?”</p>

      <p>“The night of the day you entered the guild!”</p>

      <p>I remembered. That was the day Snow had said I was “Sieg,” the same as what this Lastiara Whoseyards was saying.</p>

      <p>“Er, you mean when you said Palinchron is controlling me?”</p>

      <p>“And there you have it,” said Snow rapidly. “I warned him. I’m not to blame here. If anything, I’m doing my best to guide him.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara put a hand to her mouth and thought it over. “Hmm.”</p>

      <p>It couldn’t be clearer now. The two knew each other. And they were privy to something I wasn’t.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, but I find you guilty,” Lastiara answered. “Say what you will, but at the end of the day, you’re just using Sieg to play hooky from life.”</p>

      <p>“Aww...”</p>

      <p>Smiling, Lastiara Whoseyards took a step forward, and Snow took a step back.</p>

      <p>“Hey, don’t ignore me!” I shouted. “Wait! I won’t let you lay a hand on Snow!”</p>

      <p>Sensing that Snow was afraid, I stood between the two and brandished my blade.</p>

      <p>“Okay, I see you. Huh. So you’d defend Snow and point a sword at me, hmm? Okay, all right. How dashing of you. You sure do like constantly getting new girls to defend, don’t you? That’s great. You’re just like a <em>hero</em>.”</p>

      <p>I got the feeling that the moment I had turned my back to Snow, the magic energy that Lastiara Whoseyards was emitting had magnified. Her smile was still there, but I could make out a vein bulging in her forehead.</p>

      <p>Not to be outdone, I stirred up my own magic energy in opposition to hers. “I keep telling you. I’m Aikawa Kanami! Ka-na-mi! I’m the guildmaster of Epic Seeker! And I refuse to allow anyone to lay a hand on one of my guild members!”</p>

      <p>I converted <em>Dimension</em> into its combat-focused version, <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>, picking up information on the situation in my surroundings. If the girl drew closer to Snow, I would step forward to apprehend her without holding back. In addition, I’d ordered the guild members in the back to assemble, and they came to me.</p>

      <p>In response, Lastiara Whoseyards allayed her potent magic energy and heaved a sigh. “I suppose that with this many in the way, I’m on the back foot. Can’t say I expected to see your stats grow by that much. Breaking the spell on you’s a tall order when I have to be careful about this and that while doing it. And if Dia gets fired up and goes all out, there goes the neighborhood. Urgh, what to do, what to do...”</p>

      <p>The members of Epic Seeker weren’t low-level by any means. Nearly all of them were battle-specialized beasts in their own right. But despite being the object of hostility from the fierce fighters surrounding her, Lastiara pondered things with a cool head. Her composure was somewhat alarming in itself.</p>

      <p>While I was standing guard, watching her every move, the other girl who had been crying got to her feet. As she wiped her tears with her sleeve, she edged over to her companion.</p>

      <p>“<em>Hic</em>... Hey, Lastiara...Sieg’s just being controlled, right? Everything he said’s a lie, right? That’s what this is, right? In... In that case, we need to save him! We need to save Sieg! If <em>I</em> don’t save him, <em>I’ll</em> be tormented by it!”</p>

      <p>That first “I” was the brash version used by brash boys, which she’d been using this whole time. The second “I” was the more neutral version.</p>

      <p>“Ah, augh, Sieg... I’ll do anything, sacrifice anything to save—”</p>

      <p>“Rah!” Lastiara Whoseyards hit Diablo Sith with a chop of her hand, rendering her unconscious.</p>

      <p>“Ow!”</p>

      <p>She then scooped her up in a princess carry. “I have a hunch that if we fight here, we’ll be playing into Palinchron’s hands, so we’re retreating for now. Just for now, mind you.” She smiled a faint, embarrassed smile and continued. “Sieg, you’re the reason I was able to become <em>me</em>. I was so happy...so now it’s my turn. Yours truly is gonna be the one to save you. I’m sure of it.”</p>

      <p>What she’d said was so nice. And her tone of voice was so soft and weak that it belied her intimidating stats. I couldn’t fathom the contents of her heart. I didn’t even know the “Sieg” they were talking about, so of course I had no reply for her.</p>

      <p>At the sight of me being speechless, she grinned and shot me a parting remark. “Well, all that aside, if you take anything away from today, remember this: when the dust has settled and it’s all over, you’re gonna have to go along with whatever Dia wants a good hundred times or so. Plus, I’m pretty angry myself... Anyway, ta-ta for today!”</p>

      <p>With that, she instantly sprang meters and meters into the air despite holding someone in her arms. She kicked off the wall of a building and ascended to the roof before dashing across the rooftops.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, she’s fast!”</p>

      <p>I was about to chase after her, but I hesitated. In all likelihood, I was the only one there who could keep pace with her; even Snow probably couldn’t. And if I chased them, it would inevitably turn into a fight. Against such bottomless wells of pure prowess, I was hardly keen to prod the hornets’ nest.</p>

      <p>As such, I simply tracked them through <em>Layered Dimension</em>, but they slipped outside the range of my tracking near where Greeard—the border of the country to the southeast—lay.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The rest of our guard duty went without a hitch. While the occasional ill-mannered or uncivil person did pop up, none of them were anyone the guild members couldn’t handle. None were strong enough to force us to rush to the scene like the two girls from before.</p>

      <p>As I watched the guild members split up from my place in my office, I thought about those girls. Who or what were they, and what were they after? Currently, Snow and Palinchron probably had the scoop.</p>

      <p>I tried asking Snow first, but all she said was, “What I told you that night is literally everything.” As for those girls, she said they were “just acquaintances” and resolutely stopped at that. That was maybe partly due to the fact that she “couldn’t be assed,” but to my eyes, it looked as though she really didn’t know much more about them. So I decided to stop grilling Snow. Instead, I’d wait for the next candidate, Palinchron, in my office.</p>

      <p>Snow, for her part, also recommended I ask Palinchron. However, I wasn’t a huge fan of how she started nodding off right after she made that suggestion. I sighed and continued to turn it all over in my mind.</p>

      <p><em>I dare say I’ll bump into those two again. And someday I’ll have to fight them.</em> That was the premonition I got. And I had to prepare for that eventuality. <em>In order to lay the groundwork, I...</em></p>

      <p>“You look stressed, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron strode right into my office. Snow, who had been sleeping by the window, sprang to her feet at the sudden visit. Awkwardly, she started to pretend she was setting about doing some work.</p>

      <p>“You could at least knock, Palinchron. You gave Snow a fright.”</p>

      <p>“To you, Kanami, isn’t someone entering this building akin to a knock on the door?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, but still.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron knew my abilities better than anyone else. In fact, he knew a lot about a lot of things. I got straight to the point.</p>

      <p>“Palinchron, are you hiding something from me?” I asked bluntly.</p>

      <p>“Oh, did Snow tell you something?” he replied, not flustered at all.</p>

      <p>“She did too, but I met some folks who called me Sieg in town earlier. And they were looking for you.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that was quick. They’re already here, huh?” Palinchron smiled happily. Part of him even seemed nostalgic.</p>

      <p>“Answer me. Who is Sieg? Are you hiding something?”</p>

      <p>“I can’t answer that, buddy. Even if I told you I’m not hiding anything, I can’t prove it. Nobody can prove that they’re on the up and up. If somebody’s hiding something, why would they ever admit it?” he replied, flippant as ever.</p>

      <p>“I mean, yeah, but...”</p>

      <p>It was true. Asking the person I suspected directly meant nothing. Even so, I wanted to ask him. I owed him my life, and he was one of the few adults I could trust. It was for that very reason that I figured I wanted to hear it from his mouth—no, that was the reason I figured Palinchron and I would have to butt heads.</p>

      <p>Seeing me staring at him, his expression turned serious. “Kanami. Is it all really that important?”</p>

      <p>“Of... Of course it is.”</p>

      <p>“Aren’t you happy right now?”</p>

      <p>“Happy?”</p>

      <p>“Mar-Mar is on the road to recovery. You’re starting to earn respect as guildmaster, and your Dungeon diving with Snow is going smoothly. If you stick to this path, you’ll want for nothing. A fulfilling life awaits you. Mar-Mar gets to be with her beloved big brother and you get to be with your beloved little sister. A life of bliss for you both. Right now, your and Mar-Mar’s desires have without a doubt been realized. And yet you’d still look for lies?”</p>

      <p>I’d never seen that expression on his face before. There was no hint of amusement there. It was serious business through and through.</p>

      <p>“I... I...”</p>

      <p>I felt like my brain was melting into a sweet-smelling syrup. <em>It’s just as he says. All of my desires have been granted. All of the things I wanted back in my world came true after I came to this world. My sister is alive and beside me. She’s on the mend. I’ve got a job that’s worth doing, and I lead a comfortable life. All of my comrades are good people, and I’ve even got someone I can call my partner. I can’t think of a single negative. I’m happy. I’m really happy.</em></p>

      <p><em>I should be happy.</em></p>

      <p><em>I should be, but...</em></p>

      <p>But my heart just couldn’t rest easy. Every cell in my body was screaming that sticking to this path was a bad idea. Something lying in the corner of my mind was rejecting this, and it wouldn’t allow me to look the other way.</p>

      <p>“Even so,” I said, translating that something into concrete words, “I need to uncover any lies there may be, I think. They say lies never truly help. And though I don’t know why, I do think that’s true. If I lose the happiness I have now due to learning the truth, I know I’ll just pursue happiness again, so...I wanna know the truth and nothing but the truth.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron’s expression was respectful. “Even if the lies are out of kindness?”</p>

      <p>I nodded immediately. “Even if.”</p>

      <p>This wasn’t a conclusion I’d come to by thinking about it rationally. Instead, it was naked instinct that steered me. Logic didn’t have me in its cage now, and that felt so invigorating. And I got the feeling that that briskness was proof the instinctive answer was the right one.</p>

      <p>“Keh heh. That’s Kanami for you. I expected no less,” he said, singing my praise for some reason.</p>

      <p>I had no idea what about me he was complimenting, but in any case, it seemed I’d struck a chord or two in his heart.</p>

      <p>“So if you know something, Palinchron, tell me...please.”</p>

      <p>“But I don’t need to come out and tell you. You’re going to figure it out soon enough anyway.”</p>

      <p>I knew Palinchron was that kind of guy, but right now, it was just annoying. I could almost feel his words coiling around me and gnawing at my body, and I grew uneasy.</p>

      <p><em>That’s right. I feel like </em>something<em> has its tendrils around me...</em></p>

      <p>“I have it arranged so that you’ll find out in no time. You don’t gotta worry,” he continued with a sunny look on his face, and with the sort of steely conviction that told me he thought that’d have anybody convinced.</p>

      <p>I wavered. I could feel that <em>something</em> from before crawl back inside me. <em>You know what? If Palinchron can assert that so definitively, then I don’t have to follow up—</em></p>

      <p>“All right, that’s that problem solved. Now then, I need to hurry up with my preparations for heading to Laoravia proper. If I don’t hurry on outta here, I’ll end up bumping into folks I’d <em>really</em> rather not.”</p>

      <p><em>No</em>.</p>

      <p><em>No,</em> I thought, tearing the something inside me back out of its hole. That something, a different something lying in the recesses of my heart, rejected Palinchron’s response.</p>

      <p><em>That’s not cutting it. He hasn’t told me a thing yet!</em></p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on, Palinchron! Give me a clear answer!” I shouted, stopping him before he could exit the room.</p>

      <p>He scratched his head, a harried look on his face. “I figured you wouldn’t take that lying down. Your ability to put up a fight is as crazy as ever, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“What’re you talking about? Never mind that, just tell me alr—”</p>

      <p>“All right, you got me. In that case, it can’t be helped. What say we strike a deal?”</p>

      <p>“Strike a deal? Why should I have to—”</p>

      <p>“If you take down the Guardian of Floor 30, I’ll tell you, Kanami,” he said with an expression that screamed, <em>Now here’s an idea</em>. “I’ll tell you about ‘Sieg’ and the girls you met today. I’ll tell you everything. Those are the terms of the deal. As you know, I’m a twisted sorta guy who never does anything for free. Deals, however, I’ll honor. If there’s something you want outta me, prepare something equivalent in exchange and see where it takes you.”</p>

      <p>“But...I mean, I can’t just beat a Guardian like that. No one’s ever even been to Floor 30.”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, my friend. It’s an exceedingly fair proposal. Not only will it be to everybody’s benefit, but the difficulty level isn’t even all that high. As you are now, you’ll hardly break a sweat.”</p>

      <p>Clearly, in his eyes, this was the ultimate concession. The fact that he wasn’t being long-winded and equivocal and was instead laying out a deal was proof of that. Everybody in Epic Seeker knew that Palinchron was only ever honest when it came to quid pro quo.</p>

      <p>With that, he made to go out the door. I figured it would be unwise to get into it further, so I just watched him. I’d gotten him, Palinchron, to make me a pledge. I couldn’t deny that he’d done so to buy himself time, but for the time being, things were moving forward. If I incurred his disfavor, he’d call off that deal and I’d be left with nothing at all. I wouldn’t be able to ask him anything. Besides, Maria and I owed him our lives. And it wouldn’t be right to further bother our savior...</p>

      <p><em>Our...savior?</em></p>

      <p>Snow stared at me, frozen in place, not pursuing him, with a puzzled look on her face. “You’re not gonna go after him?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Yeah, it’s okay. Palinchron set up a trade-off for us...and the guy can be trusted when it comes to a deal, if nothing else, so...”</p>

      <p>“If you say so,” she said, looking none too pleased. She wasn’t on board with how that had gone. As for why she wasn’t on board, I understood the reason, albeit only vaguely. I just couldn’t <em>acknowledge</em> it to myself. There was still something I was lacking—something I needed to learn or find before I could accept it. I needed the right conditions. I needed more information. I needed to be in the correct state of mind. I had nothing but holes in need of filling.</p>

      <p>I took my time exiting my office. Snow must have thought that meant we were going our separate ways for the day because she exited through the window and headed for her room.</p>

      <p>I was feeling a tad fatigued. I walked on unsteady feet and made for the room where Maria waited. The sun was already down, and it was pitch-dark out, yet Maria rubbed her sleepy eyes; she had been staying up for my return.</p>

      <p>“Hello, Kanami,” said the baby sister I loved so dearly.</p>

      <p>She smiled the greatest of smiles, and it was a blissful sight, yet the sense of discomfort I’d felt since that day continued to plague me. My head was throbbing.</p>

      <p>“Hi, Maria. How’re you feeling?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve recuperated a great deal. I can even move—”</p>

      <p>“Any headaches? Is your head hurting maybe?”</p>

      <p>Those girls had called Maria their companion as well, and Palinchron had said more than a few words about her too. I had to be sure she wasn’t experiencing what I was.</p>

      <p>“A headache? Well, actually, yes, it hurts a little bit, but...”</p>

      <p>“All right, then, tell me, are you familiar with the names ‘Lastiara Whoseyards’ and ‘Diablo Sith’?”</p>

      <p>“Where did that come from? I’ve never heard those names before.”</p>

      <p>“I... I see.”</p>

      <p>To my eyes, it looked like she honestly didn’t know them. That being said, she <em>was</em> suffering from a headache. Maybe it was the same sort of headache I had.</p>

      <p>Little by little, the picture was getting less fuzzy. It felt like I was completing a crossword puzzle, inching closer and closer to the truth. But I still didn’t have the whole solution. I’d only just begun to fill in the blanks of my knowledge. What I was seeing was the shadow of the full story, so I couldn’t be sure.</p>

      <p>As expected, for now, Palinchron’s deal seemed like the quickest and easiest way. Moreover, by holding up my end of the bargain, I’d also be working toward a plan of defense against those two absurdly powerful girls in case we had to fight. With that in mind, I was forced to level grind either way. And if a Guardian lay in wait at the end of that level grinding path, it wasn’t a bad idea to make it my guiding goalpost.</p>

      <p>Long story short, I decided to go along with our little agreement, and Palinchron must have understood that. To be honest, I did feel like I was dancing in the palm of his hand, but with no other options, I set my mind to tackling Floor 30.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, is something wrong? Who are those people?”</p>

      <p>“Nah, it’s nothing. I was just wondering.”</p>

      <p>“Okay...”</p>

      <p>“No need to worry. Never mind that; if you’ve got a headache, you should hit the hay.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right!” She happily scooched over to invite me into bed.</p>

      <p>“You... You wanna keep sleeping in the same bed, huh? I figured...”</p>

      <p>“We’re brother and sister. It’s only natural.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Okay, got it.”</p>

      <p>I knew she was feeling lonely and disheartened, but I wasn’t quite used to it. If I refused, I knew it would make her sad, so I had no choice but to agree. As such, I closed my eyes with my hand in hers like always.</p>

      <p>Even as I felt the warmth of Maria’s body next to me, I turned it all over in my head: What I understood at the moment. What I didn’t. What I had my suspicions about. What I was lacking. What was important to me. And the more I thought about these things, the worse my migraine got. Regardless, I had no intention of shutting off my brain, because I knew that if I stopped, I’d regret it down the road. No matter what stabbing pain befell me, I didn’t stop thinking until the moment I fell asleep.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“Long story short, if I pop in and kill the Guardian of Floor 30, the issue will be resolved. Palinchron may be Palinchron, but he’s not one to break a promise.”</p>

      <p>“He won’t break the promise outright, but he’s not above smooth talking his way <em>around</em> it.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right. The chances are high he’ll do that.”</p>

      <p>After checking to see that I didn’t have any guild work for the next few days, Snow and I had gone to Floor 20. Because of the <em>Connection</em> shortcut between my office and that floor, we had plenty of time on our hands.</p>

      <p>“There’s no use getting anxious about it. One way or another, I’ve gotta Dungeon dive at some point. There’s the deal with Palinchron, but I need to get stronger in order to be able to fight those girls too. And the Dungeon’s ideal for level grinding.”</p>

      <p>“If you get strong enough to trounce those two, you’ll never need to worry about anyone, I’ll give you that.”</p>

      <p>“Of course, all you have to do is give me the whole story yourself.”</p>

      <p>“I have given you the whole story. I told you everything it was incumbent on me to say on day one. The rest is up to you to decide and act upon. It’s not like I know that much either.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Sorry I keep asking. It’s crystal clear that you’re on my side. Right, then—time to get back on my feet and do some diving. Today we’re aiming for the depths.”</p>

      <p>“Kay, well, I’ll just follow you.”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine by me. Just by having you around, I feel a whole lot safer.”</p>

      <p>As long as she was in tow, she would help me out, despite what she insisted. The day before had demonstrated that.</p>

      <p>Together, we descended the stairs leading to Floor 21. Our plan of action remained unchanged. The end goal had simply gone from Floor 20 to Floor 30.</p>

      <p>For the floors up to Floor 23, where the Pathway ended, the work was easy. We only had to follow the road to get to the next floor. While giant monsters occasionally penetrated the Pathway, they didn’t pose much of a threat.</p>

      <p>As expected of Floor 21, a four-legged monster called a Fury pounced on me. I intercepted it without breaking a sweat. Furies had given me trouble not too long ago, but now they were a cakewalk. Last time, I had been Level 12. Now I was Level 15. All of my abilities had grown by leaps and bounds. It took me mere seconds to kill the creature.</p>

      <p>Stuck with multiple swords everywhere, the Fury collapsed, turning into light and disappearing. The swords that had once pierced its hide clattered to the floor. I picked up the swords and the magic gem drop. Some of the blades were still usable, while others had gotten chipped. I threw them all back into my inventory. Thanks to Mr. Alibers, I now had the prospect of getting more use out of them, so I had to collect them.</p>

      <p>“I’m pretty sure the Fury called for reinforcements, so let’s pick up the pace a bit.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, sure.”</p>

      <p>It appeared Snow also knew of Furies’ special ability, judging by how she’d taken it for granted that we should start running, I could tell she had a wealth of experience.</p>

      <p>As we ran, I asked her a question. “Come to think of it, what’s the deepest point you’ve reached?”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Floor 20.”</p>

      <p>“Floor 20? You seem to know your stuff about the Furies of Floor 21, though.”</p>

      <p>“I know it’s easy to forget, but I <em>am</em> an academy student, so I’m reasonably well-informed. Plus, my brother’s told me about stuff too.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, okay, I see.”</p>

      <p>Upon reflection, I realized that since Snow had the strongest diver as a brother, it made sense that she was well-acquainted with Dungeon stuff. Information from the mouth of the strongest diver was a priceless treasure.</p>

      <p>While we traveled, I asked Snow more about the Dungeon. Some monsters tried getting in our way en route, but they were no match for me anymore.</p>

      <p>Floor 22 was much the same. While it was harder than Floor 21, we were able to advance thanks to Snow’s magic. She saw I was having difficulty with the Rio Eagles’ attacks from above, so she came to my aid using non-elemental magic. By causing a wide area to quake, the birds lost their sense of balance and were unable to maintain altitude, allowing me to make short work of them by simply slicing and dicing them.</p>

      <p>Eventually, we reached the end of the Pathway, midway through Floor 23.</p>

      <p>“Here’s where the Pathway cuts off,” said Snow. “What’re you gonna do now?”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. I’ve been here before, so I know the way. Before, I...”</p>

      <p><em>Before?</em> <em>I’ve come here alone in the past?</em></p>

      <p>I knew that had to be the case. Otherwise, it didn’t make sense. I remembered beating the boss named Flame Squall on Floor 23. But something stuck out to me a little.</p>

      <p><em>I beat a monster like Flame Squall at Level 12? By myself?</em></p>

      <p>“Something wrong?”</p>

      <p>“No, I... No, this level’s just so hot.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I guess it’s a little hot in here. I’m fine, though.”</p>

      <p>“A little? It’s crazy hot in here.”</p>

      <p>“I’m a dragonewt, so this is nothing for me.”</p>

      <p>“So it’s the genetic gap... That’s so unfair.”</p>

      <p>“Them’s the breaks.”</p>

      <p>Looking closer, I saw that Snow didn’t have a bead of sweat on her, which made the strengths of the dragonewt race clear as day. Their bodies were built differently from us humans, enabling them to be unaffected by the harshest environments. I envied her.</p>

      <p>We continued through the floor. Although we’d left the Pathway, the entrance to Floor 24 wasn’t very far at all. It had to be because I’d been here once before. That was why I was progressing so smoothly.</p>

      <p>In time, we reached the lava zone that was Floor 24. This was where easy street ended.</p>

      <p>“Snow. I’ve never made it past midway through this floor. This is where things get real.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>“Be careful around the lava. Lizard monsters are hiding inside it.”</p>

      <p>“I know that.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that Glenn Walker had reached this floor before too. She didn’t need to be told; she was keeping her distance from the lava.</p>

      <p>“The heat here’s really unbearable. Oh, I know. Spellcast: <em>Freeze.</em>”</p>

      <p>When I attempted to quell the heat in the vicinity using <em>Freeze</em>, something felt anomalous. My magic energy was flowing <em>too</em> fluidly. My ice spell was operating so smoothly that it shocked even me.</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh?”</p>

      <p>“You’re freezing me too?” Snow asked.</p>

      <p>In its utter efficiency, <em>Freeze </em>had affected the temperature in an area of effect that included Snow where she stood, not just my immediate vicinity.</p>

      <p>“Sorry about that. I didn’t mean to. It’s just, my ice magic is running super well. Maybe it’s easier to use against hot temperatures, or I dunno what.” Not even I could make heads or tails of this phenomenon. I didn’t know how to put it into words. It was truly all in the feel of it. On an intuitive, emotional level, my understanding of heat...or, no, of <em>fire</em>, had deepened. Was that why?</p>

      <p>I could grasp in fine detail how the atoms were vibrating. And for some reason, my body knew how to suppress that vibration. It was a strange sensation—I got the gut feeling that at some point, I’d quelled something much, much hotter than even this lava floor.</p>

      <p>“It’s like, I have a super easy time cooling heat sources, I guess?”</p>

      <p>“Is that so. Good, then. That’s not a bad power to have.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, yeah, but...”</p>

      <p>I continued through Floor 24, grappling with this new mystery all the while. I was using <em>Freeze</em>, but that didn’t mean I wasn’t using <em>Dimension</em> as well. In effect, it was like I had a very thin version of <em>Wintermension</em> up. And on Floor 24, <em>Wintermension</em> displayed a level of strength heretofore unseen. Last time around, <em>Dimension</em> hadn’t been able to penetrate the interior of the lava. <em>Wintermension</em>, on the other hand, was able to extend its perception field into the lava. The monsters hiding inside the stuff might as well have been right in front of my eyes for all the good it did them. I distinctly saw a Poison Salamander emerge from it behind us. It leaped out and its claws flashed in the air, sure it had taken us by surprise. I spun around, and in the same motion, I fetched a sword from my inventory and speared its head from afar.</p>

      <p>“GWAH!”</p>

      <p>The monster breathed its last, its claws never reaching their target.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” said Snow, who didn’t know what had just happened.</p>

      <p>“Looks like in exchange for them being able to swim in lava, their overall stats are on the low side. I was able to one-and-done it.” I put the sword and the magic gem drop into my inventory.</p>

      <p>“A monster was behind us?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. But you don’t gotta worry. I won’t let any of them near you.”</p>

      <p>“Hrm. A monster whose approach even I can’t sense, huh? All right, I’ll stick by your side. Yeah, that’s what I’ll do. We’ll make it work.”</p>

      <p>“If you do, you’ll be doing me a favor too.”</p>

      <p>She started walking right behind me. It couldn’t be clearer that, if anything came up, she intended to foist the enemy on me.</p>

      <p>We ventured deeper and deeper, <em>Dimension</em> keeping a watchful eye on the inside of the lava as well.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Layered Dimension</em>.”</p>

      <p>In order to find the staircase, I’d intensified the spell. It was the same principle as when I extended <em>Dimension</em> to encompass the town for my guild work. I was stretching my perception field thinner but wider. Of course, here in the Dungeon, where there was a lot of magic energy that got in the way, it was harder to spread out <em>Dimension</em> than it was back on the surface. However, perhaps thanks to my experience doing it on the surface, I managed to spot the staircase leading to Floor 25. I also came to understand Floor 24’s special areas, bosses, and the like.</p>

      <p>One object stood out to me as peculiar—one didn’t see many man-made artifacts in the Dungeon, after all. It was an altar. Somehow, one or more people had built an altar that was surrounded by lava. And at the center of the altar lay a sword.</p>

      <p>“Did you find it? The staircase?” asked Snow, who had inferred what I was doing.</p>

      <p>“Yep, found it. And I found something weird along with it.”</p>

      <p>“Something weird?”</p>

      <p>“Like an altar. It’s more toward the other side of the floor, and it’s got a sword on it.”</p>

      <p>“An altar and a sword. Oh, I see.”</p>

      <p>“You see? Do you know something?”</p>

      <p>A pause. “I do. But explaining it’s a pain.”</p>

      <p>“Oh c’mon, tell me.”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t about to let this one slide. In the Dungeon, information was life-or-death. And since Snow knew that, she grudgingly relented and started quietly explaining.</p>

      <p>“In all likelihood, it’s a Dungeon drop.”</p>

      <p>“Drop? Like the magic gems that the monsters drop?”</p>

      <p>“Right, like that. The Dungeon re-drops items from the past. It’s called Re-collection. Divers don’t make it past Floor 23, so drops like that lie untouched.”</p>

      <p>“So the Dungeon itself is dropping items?”</p>

      <p>“This place is the legacy of the past to begin with, spat up by the land itself. The Dungeon serves the role of a circulatory organ, bundling the memories and magic energy that accumulated in the earth and regurgitating them. That’s what they taught us at the academy.”</p>

      <p>“That’s news to me. Never would’ve guessed that the Dungeon had that kinda function.”</p>

      <p>“Even at the academy, not many know. At any rate, I think that altar’s a relic from the past. And just maybe, that sword’s a famous blade from history.”</p>

      <p>“It’s all Greek to me, but it looks like that’s the most important bit for me. I’ll try analyzing the sword from over here.”</p>

      <p>An intriguing tidbit, to say the least. In my own way, I pondered the existence of the Dungeon. From what Snow had told me, I could no longer assume that this Dungeon was simply a natural fixture of the world. <em>“It’s a fantasy world, so a Dungeon like this is just there”</em> wasn’t on the table anymore. The place had to have been made by someone for a specific purpose. If a person made it, it would explain why the Dungeon was so convenient for humans—it was constructed to be that way. So who was it? Who had created the Dungeon?</p>

      <p>One of my trains of thought chewed on that question while I used Analyze via <em>Dimension</em> on the sword on the altar.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【RUKH BRINGER】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Attack Power 7. Mind Taint +2.00.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Well?”</p>

      <p>“Looks like it’s a rare item, that’s for sure. But it seems risky too.”</p>

      <p>“Are you gonna pick it up?”</p>

      <p>“Guess I might as well. It could be worth money.”</p>

      <p>Snow and I walked to the spooky and suspicious altar. Several Poison Salamanders attacked us on our way there, but as I could detect them while they were still inside the lava, they were easy kills for me. After a few minutes, we reached the altar, which was encircled by flowing lava rivers.</p>

      <p>Under normal circumstances, I wouldn’t have been able to get closer due to the lava, but at present, my physical prowess was such that I could probably make the jump. The river was less than ten meters across. Even so, back in my world, that would be close to the world record. To think I thought of that distance as a cinch...I was frightening <em>myself</em> a little.</p>

      <p>“All right, I’m gonna jump over and get it.”</p>

      <p>“See you later.” Needless to say, Snow didn’t make the leap.</p>

      <p>After checking that the lava was devoid of threats, I got a running start and jumped. As expected, I succeeded in clearing it without difficulty.</p>

      <p>I approached the altar and surveyed the blade. Seeing it up close, I could tell the magic energy dwelling in the sword was nothing to sneeze at. To my eyes, it was around the amount of magic energy possessed by a mid-level mage. And above all, the sword was gorgeous to behold. Its shape was unique, eschewing beauty of function for a mono-black design. It had a slight harshness to it, but that too had a tasteful flair. It did nothing to detract from its beauty. Then there was the beautiful purple energy that colored the beautiful blade. It didn’t harm the jet-black blade’s sense of wholeness, though, instead serving as a complementary purple accent. The sword Mr. Alibers and I had come up with was also wonderful, but this type of blade wasn’t bad either.</p>

      <p><em>And man, how great would it look if some bright red </em>blood<em> were trickling down that black blade...</em></p>

      <p>“<em>Shock</em>!”</p>

      <p>A shock wave of magic energy came at me from behind. I hopped to the side and only barely dodged the attack.</p>

      <p>“Snow?” I stammered. “What’re you doing?”</p>

      <p>“Bro, the sword was possessing you,” she said nonchalantly as she formulated another spell. “I figured I’d hit you to bring you back to your senses.”</p>

      <p>“Possessed? Me?”</p>

      <p>“The sword’s energy was starting to seep into your body. And that’d be very, very bad.”</p>

      <p>I put Snow’s remarks in a corner of my mind and reexamined the sword. The energy of it was not unlike a sinister animus, and it was writhing in its attempt to raid my body. Just by looking, I was able to see that, far from the “beautiful” magic energy I’d viewed it as moments ago, it was nothing any human being should ever touch.</p>

      <p><em>I saw this obviously evil sword as </em>beautiful?</p>

      <p>“Yeah... Yeah, that’s pretty bad.”</p>

      <p>“When you approached it, it showed its true colors. What do we do? Leave it be? If you wield it, I think it’ll turn you into a murderer.”</p>

      <p>“Nah, I’ll take it. That way, I’m preventing someone else from taking it and becoming a murderer. If I’m not wrong, my magic should allow me to hold it, so...”</p>

      <p>“Well, I can’t say I’m down with that. I feel like if you wield it, you’ll become the world’s number one threat.”</p>

      <p>“I won’t actually use the thing, so don’t worry. I’m gonna defang it from a safe distance. Spellcast: <em>Wintermension.</em>”</p>

      <p>“Be careful. Don’t forget that if you screw this up, I’ll be your first victim. So do watch out.”</p>

      <p>I ignored her and deployed my magic. I was undertaking this retrieval because I was confident I could do it, of course. With <em>Wintermension</em>, I could affect an object’s magic energy even from a distance away.</p>

      <p>From my spot several meters removed, I repressed the sword-energy that was trying to edge closer, slowly walking up to the blade as I did so, one step at a time so that the sword-energy never touched me. After a few minutes, I finally arrived right in front of it. This was where the true battle began. I didn’t let my guard down, continuing to keep the sword’s energy away from me as I cast <em>Ice</em>. Naturally, my target was the sword itself. It must have sensed the danger because it undulated its energy in an attempt to rebuff my spell. However, <em>Wintermension</em> suppressed that energy and prevented it from countering my magic.</p>

      <p>A few seconds later, the sword was covered in ice. Carefully, meticulously, I placed it into my inventory.</p>

      <p>“Phew.” I wiped my sweat away. Sealing complete. I jumped back over the lava and returned to Snow. “I’m back.”</p>

      <p>“Well done. Don’t take it inside the Dungeon, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I know.”</p>

      <p>“Not gonna lie, I’m worried. Why don’t you just destroy the thing here and now?”</p>

      <p>“Nah, I think that if we end up destroying it, we should get Mr. Alibers or other folks who can use holy magic to take it apart. It could make for raw materials for something else, after all. And there’s a chance it goes for a small fortune too.”</p>

      <p>“True. I do think that if you can disassemble it, it’ll sell. But that’s cold comfort.”</p>

      <p>It was rare for Snow to argue the point instead of caving immediately. That was how uneasy it was making her. I had no choice but to bring the blade back out of my inventory.</p>

      <p>“If you insist, I guess I’ll break it.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s. Leave it to me.”</p>

      <p>Snow grabbed the lump of ice that Rukh Bringer was encased in and cast her vibration magic at close range, snapping the sword in two. In that moment, I could feel the fiendish energy formerly flowing out of it gradually abate. It might have lost its value as a magic sword, but in exchange, we’d secured some peace of mind.</p>

      <p>“Good, that’s settled. Thanks, Kanami.” She gave me the twin pieces of sword.</p>

      <p>“I was in the wrong for risking so much trying to take the thing. You don’t gotta thank me.”</p>

      <p>Snow smiled faintly. Then she pointed to the depths and said, “Right, then. Shall we?”</p>

      <p>I thought I heard some verve in her voice. It looked to me as though she’d mustered some honest-to-goodness enthusiasm, however meager.</p>

      <p>“Yep,” I replied, hurriedly resuming our dive in the hopes of keeping that small flame inside her from going out.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Perhaps due to my having stumbled on Rukh Bringer moments prior, we started paying close attention to the Dungeon’s item drops as we progressed, but we didn’t really encounter any rare ones on that sword’s level. While we did occasionally discover Dungeon drops, they were almost all old equipment or accessories devoid of magic energy.</p>

      <p>We cleared Floors 24 and 25 as we collected items of that nature, which wasn’t hard considering I could pinpoint the location of the staircase through <em>Dimension</em>. Nor were the enemies that attacked us much of a threat. Incidentally, the rivers on Floor 25 flowed not with lava but with boiling water, and the steam blocked our field of vision like so much mist. That being said, my detection magic was strong against vision-occluding attacks. If I made full use of <em>Dimension</em> and my menu-sight, nothing could ever get the jump on me. Luckily, the vast majority of the monsters were the type that kept hidden, so it took less than an hour to get to Floor 26.</p>

      <p>It was around halfway through Floor 26 that some bumps in the road of our previously smooth Dungeon dive began to arise. And those bumps were Floor 26 monsters: Crystal Golems. As the name suggested, they were moving statues whose whole bodies were made of crystal. This crystal, however, were far harder than ordinary. Their hides were so hard, in fact, that even a hit from me and Snow couldn’t even crack them. Moreover, their high defense against magic meant that I couldn’t land a finishing blow no matter how long we fought.</p>

      <p>“Dammit! They’re just too damn tough!”</p>

      <p>I tossed aside the fifth sword I’d inadvertently damaged and retrieved a sixth weapon. Since I was running out of swords, I opted for one of the largish weapons that I’d prepared for use by Snow. Beside me, Snow clobbered our enemy with a magic energy-infused blow.</p>

      <p>“<em>Impulse Smash</em>!”</p>

      <p>I had <em>Dimension</em> up, which afforded me a grasp of the workings of the magic attack that Snow had cast. Her hulking axe collided with the monster’s crystal hide, sparks flying. Amplifying the force of the impact via magic generated yet greater destructive power. It was a blunt attack, but it seemed to be effective against our opponent. At long last, cracks formed on the sturdy crystal.</p>

      <p>“My attacks aren’t working!” I said. “I’m just wasting weapons! Snow, please, do this for me!”</p>

      <p>I swung with a sword that was too big for me and struck the golem. It didn’t deal any damage, but it was enough to knock it off-balance.</p>

      <p>“Do you know how tiring this is?! <em>Impulse Smash</em>!”</p>

      <p>Snow brought her huge axe down against the off-balance golem, hitting it where the cracks were and finally shattering it.</p>

      <p>“We...that took forever. <em>Hff, hff</em>...”</p>

      <p>“<em>Hff, hff</em>...”</p>

      <p>We were gasping for breath as the golem turned into light and faded away. I reviewed our current situation as I picked up its gem drop.</p>

      <p>“Kanami,” she stammered, “you got any weapons left?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not out of weapons, but at this pace, I may run out before we reach Floor 27.”</p>

      <p>“Now that it’s kinda stopped being quick and simple, I’m thinking I maybe wanna go home.”</p>

      <p>“No, we’re still okay for now. The bastards are hard but they move slow. We just need to ignore ’em.”</p>

      <p>Snow kept insisting on going back, and in truth, thanks to <em>Connection</em>, there was a way for her to do so by herself. However, letting her head home would be a problem for me. So long as there were enemies I couldn’t put an end to without her help, I wanted to avoid progressing solo.</p>

      <p>“Urgh,” said Snow. “I don’t wanna have to go up twenty-six whole floors by myself!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, don’t go home without me. If things get really dicey, I’ll get us home using <em>Connection</em>.”</p>

      <p>“I really am pretty beat.”</p>

      <p>“I see you’ve still got plenty of HP and MP left though.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t be a slave to the numbers, Kanami. You’ll misread the heart of things.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, good point. I’ll be careful. That said, you’ve still got some steam left. That, I know.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? Aww c’mon.”</p>

      <p>Snow had only cast a spell a handful of times. There was no way she didn’t have lots of juice left in the tank.</p>

      <p>“For the time being, let’s go a bit deep— Damn!”</p>

      <p><em>Dimension </em>had picked up on approaching monsters. Multiple Crystal Golems were drawing closer and closer. I instantly calculated a different route to the next floor, grabbing Snow by the hand and striding off.</p>

      <p>“Snow, we’ve got more crystal things on our asses. Let’s change route.”</p>

      <p>“Guess for Floor 26, we’ve got no choice but to keep fleeing.”</p>

      <p>Snow squeezed my hand and quickened her pace; it seemed she shared my sentiment of not wanting to fight those things. While they shelled out a lot of EXP, the golems were nowhere near worth the effort. Even just containing them burned through weapons, and killing them outright unavoidably required MP expenditure. They were a massive pain in the ass. Evading encounters with them, however, was easy. They were slow at the best of times, but they were even slower than they were patrolling the Dungeon. With <em>Dimension</em> on my side, we’d never run into another one.</p>

      <p>We ended up taking a slightly roundabout path, but that was preferable to getting into fights that weren’t worth the effort. In the end, we made it to the staircase leading to Floor 27 without having to fight any more of them, and we hurried down the steps.</p>

      <p>Floor 27 gave a cool and refreshing vibe, the opposite of the lava zone spanning the floors around Floor 25. The first thing I did was take a look at what materials were in the corridor walls. I thrust a sword into the nearly transparent sky-blue stone, and a high-pitched clanking sound reverberated. My blade got a chip in it, but the wall didn’t.</p>

      <p>“Is this the same stuff the Crystal Golems are made of?”</p>

      <p>“It does look like crystal.”</p>

      <p>But then, it couldn’t have actually been crystal. No crystal I knew of was this hard. It had to be a different mineral that was magical in nature and was just <em>called</em> crystal. And the fact that this magical mineral was what these walls were made of left me in a less than pleasant cold sweat.</p>

      <p>“If the corridors are ‘crystal’...”</p>

      <p>“The monsters are too?”</p>

      <p>The chances were high. As a rule, the monsters on a given floor were tailored to the features of that floor. The floor had a river? Aquatic monsters. Lots of trees? Insect monsters. Hot and muggy? Fire monsters. Our experience thus far had confirmed that association.</p>

      <p>I expanded <em>Dimension</em>, and while I probed for the next floor, I observed the monsters of Floor 27 at the same time. I detected some humanoid-shaped beings of crystal prowling the halls. Just as expected, there were more Crystal Golems to contend with here. And that wasn’t all either. Unlike Floor 26, there was a great variety of monsters here, and needless to say, they were all made of crystal as well. There were spiders and ants and things crawling around too. It was nothing but monsters that promised to be a hassle. The biggest issue was how light they were. The Crystal Golems were sluggish, but the smaller crystal monsters were fast on their feet. We wouldn’t be able to flee quite as easily as on the previous floor.</p>

      <p>“Yikes. It’s nothing but monsters that look both hard-skinned and fast.”</p>

      <p>“It’s settled; we’re going back. Let’s go home. C’mon, let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“No, we’re diving a little bit deeper. We’ll keep going until your MP hits the low zone.”</p>

      <p>“Does that mean we’ll be focusing on fighting using my magic?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll fight too, but you’re probably gonna have to be the one who finishes the things.”</p>

      <p>“I... I’m gonna collapse from overwork!”</p>

      <p>“If you do, I’ll toss you through my portal, so don’t worry.”</p>

      <p>“You’re evil. You’re evil, Guildmaster.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, like you’re gonna collapse anyway. You’re nowhere near that tapped out.”</p>

      <p>I led her by the hand and together, we resumed our dive. I decided to put some feelers out by looking at the menu of a nearby monster and found a crystal ant that was around a meter in overall length. I swooped down on it with my sword.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Crystal Ant: Rank 26</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Going by its name, I concluded it was a crystal golem that exhibited ant-like behaviors. Its relatively small frame lit a scant ember of hope inside me—maybe as long as it wasn’t as big as one of those proper golems, my sword could damage it. But the blade bounced back in vain, accompanied by that familiar high-pitched clank.</p>

      <p>“Damn!”</p>

      <p>I’d spared none of my strength, and yet I couldn’t quite pierce the Crystal Ant’s hide. However, unlike with the golem of Floor 26, it did leave some cracks, so I knew that, at least when it came to defense power, it was inferior to a Crystal Golem.</p>

      <p>The ant unleashed a shrill cry at me and bared its fangs. Its distinct howl reminded me of the monsters of Floors 21 and 22, which attacked using strength in numbers. They loosed a similar cry when they called for backup. I continued the offensive as I ascertained the position of monsters a little bit away via <em>Dimension</em>. Just as I’d thought, the ants that had heard the first ant’s summons had promptly started zipping toward us.</p>

      <p>“Oh shit, the other ants in the area are gathering around us too!”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>I had no other choice but to retrieve the big axe that would normally be for Snow’s use from my inventory. Mustering all my strength, I slammed the Crystal Ant into the wall. Had it been a golem, that wouldn’t have put a single crack in it, but this thing’s defensive power was slightly lower, and the difference in the hardness of the wall compared to the previous floor had an impact. The Crystal Ant that hit the wall now bore cracks in its body, and it turned sluggish. When Snow struck it, it shattered to pieces. Killing it had taken less time than expected, but we hardly had room to relax. A sizable drove of ants was now heading our way.</p>

      <p>I glanced at the great axe in my hands. A single attack and it was already chipped. The blade of Snow’s weapon was smashed, rendering it into a mere cudgel of sorts.</p>

      <p>“End of the line, huh? Snow, let’s go back to Floor 26 for now.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s.”</p>

      <p>If we kept on fighting without a strategy, it’d burn through the weapons in my inventory in no time flat. Now that we knew that, we chose to go back the way we came. We ran, dodging the ants’ fervent onslaught and arriving at Floor 26, where all the monsters were slow-moving. We took a breather.</p>

      <p>“Maybe that’s the farthest we can go today?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s go home,” stammered Snow unhesitatingly.</p>

      <p>If we strained ourselves, we could probably pass through Floor 27, but I settled for learning the characteristics of Floor 27 for next time.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Connection</em>.”</p>

      <p>Snow and I were both at full HP. What we’d lost instead of life points was a ton of usable weapons. Lesson learned—this was a whole new way my party and I could be forced to retreat. With that, we drew the day’s dive to a close.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“I see ya smashed up another small raft of swords again, Master.”</p>

      <p>“The monsters are hard-skinned, you see...”</p>

      <p>I’d dropped by Mr. Alibers’s atelier and showed him all of my damaged weapons. Unlike the last time I had paid him a visit, the place was now a whirlwind of activity. There were multiple other blacksmiths there, none of whom I was familiar with, all at work in the cramped interior. He must have asked for more hands in order to fulfill my request to make it fast.</p>

      <p>“Hard-skinned?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The monsters around Floor 26 are made of crystal, which makes them a pain to deal with.”</p>

      <p>“Floor 26, ya say? Now there’s a world we can’t even imagine. Oh, I know. Ya got any o’ their magic gems?”</p>

      <p>“I have a little...” I took the Crystal Golem’s gem from my inventory and showed it to him.</p>

      <p>“Let’s see... I’m guessin’ this is a Crystal Golem’s gem?”</p>

      <p>“You can tell, sir?”</p>

      <p>“If I recall correctly, I think the monster what appears in the sacred peak in the west is made o’ the same material. It’s one o’ the highest-class minerals out there. ‘Raycrystal,’ I think it’s called. Ya can find some in the Dungeon too.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, those hard-skinned monsters existed outside of the Dungeon as well.</p>

      <p>“I’d like a sword that can cut Raycrystal.”</p>

      <p>“Another unreasonable ask from our guildmaster...is what I’d like to say, but in point o’ fact, all ya gotta do is wait a bit longer and that problem’s solved.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what?”</p>

      <p>“The weapon ya commissioned us to make will cut ’em. Crescent Pectolazri’s even more outstandin’ as a mineral than Raycrystal. It contains an order o’ magnitude more magic energy.”</p>

      <p>“That’s a relief. So how long is it going to take for it to be completed?”</p>

      <p>“We’ve got a hefty budget, which I’m usin’ to get this many smiths on the job. It’ll be finished by tomorrow night.”</p>

      <p>“Tomorrow night? Okay, got it.”</p>

      <p>I was pleased to hear that the date of completion was closer than I might’ve guessed. I had no knowledge of iron smelting, but I was under no illusion that forging a sword was easy. Maybe they were forging it by the graces of magi-tech. Maybe the blacksmiths here were just that skilled.</p>

      <p>“You free today?”</p>

      <p>“Apart from needing to get some rest later, I’m free.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, can you tell me about your Dungeon dive?”</p>

      <p>“You want to hear about <em>me</em>? How come?”</p>

      <p>“If ya clue us in on problems ya encountered in the Dungeon, or stuff it’d be good to take into it, I can make that stuff, lest my hands get too idle. Also, I just wanna hear the stories you’ve got to tell on a personal level, you bein’ a hero and all.”</p>

      <p>“I’m no hero, but sharing information is definitely necessary.”</p>

      <p>I’d be relying on Mr. Alibers’s help a lot going forward, so deepening my bond with him would give me an easier time of my dives. I nodded and started getting into what happened during my sessions exploring the Dungeon. Snow had accompanied me to the entrance of the atelier, but then she’d said she would go home to sleep and left me there. She must have figured Mr. Alibers and I would end the day with another long conversation, and since she wasn’t wrong, I hadn’t stopped her.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. I see,” he said. “So ya procured some fire-element gems in the lava zone. If the heat’s a concern, I’ll make ya some magic items that impede the heat. Luckily, we’ve got ourselves a whole bevy o’ fire-element gems.”</p>

      <p>“You’re a lifesaver. If I haven’t given you enough of them, I can go hunt for more.”</p>

      <p>“That’s okay; there’s no need for that many. I’ll just make ya a simple necklace. What I’d love to make ya is a full suit o’ armor or a shield that looks good on ya, but I reckon it wouldn’t fit with your fightin’ style.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, but I’d like to avoid using anything too heavy.”</p>

      <p>“And ya know, it’d probably help if ya had items that’ll help ya cope with lakes and marshes and the like. I’ll use my own discretion.”</p>

      <p>“You’re a lifesaver. I mean it.”</p>

      <p>“What else, what else... Ah, right. Ya oughta get a log someplace. Snow can use it as her weapon. If she’s gonna break her weapon anyway, ya oughta have her fight usin’ a log. Plus, from what I hear, blunt-force attacks are more effective against crystal monsters.”</p>

      <p>After that, I picked up my newly repaired weapons and headed to where I could acquire some logs. The outskirts of the Dungeon Alliance were still developing, so timber was cheap. For the time being, I bought about a hundred logs, stowing them into my inventory. I was a little worried that they’d be too big, but they fit without a hitch.</p>

      <p>That was all the preparations I could do for the moment, so I wasted no time returning to Maria’s room. My Dungeon report card for the day: I had reached the twenty-seventh floor. As I pondered a strategy for the next dive, another day passed.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>