<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: The Guardian of the Thirtieth Floor</h1>

      <p>After meeting Lorwen and Reaper on Floor 30, we passed through the <em>Connection</em> portal and returned to my office at Epic Seeker. Snow was there, dozing by the window. Since she was back in her usual tribal garb, I knew that whatever business she had to attend to at the House of Siddark was behind her. She noticed that we’d popped in from the portal, and she rubbed her sleepy eyes and looked our way.</p>

      <p>“Welcome...back?” she said, looking at the man behind me.</p>

      <p>I had Lorwen come in front of me. “Er, this is the Guardian of Floor 30.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, nice to meet ya. Name’s Lorwen. As you heard, I’m a Dungeon monster, so no formal register needed.” Lorwen put a hand to his chest and bowed his head with bombast.</p>

      <p>Snow reflexively bowed back. “H-Hello. My name’s Snow. It’s...a pleasure to meet you. Wait, hold on...er, uh, huh?”</p>

      <p>I didn’t blame her for not being able to digest the information. Dungeon divers exclusively viewed Guardians as terrors. Anybody would react the way she did if some dude just rocked up to them and claimed to be a Guardian.</p>

      <p>“Long story short,” I said, “I saw he wasn’t a bad person, so I brought him here from Floor 30.” For the time being, I communicated to her that there was no danger. It was important that she understood she was safe.</p>

      <p>“Wha...whoa...” She goggled at me.</p>

      <p>“I’m told Lorwen will die if he attains renown as a knight, so I figure I’ll help him achieve that. Apparently, Guardians disappear when they lose the attachments tethering them. It’s way safer than fighting them.”</p>

      <p>“And you believe that?”</p>

      <p>“I do. I made a judgment call. And since I plan to let Lorwen stay at Epic Seeker, I’d like you to see to our guest’s needs.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry?”</p>

      <p>I then told her about our deal. It was one way to have Lorwen fight on our side. After he had told me about his heart’s desire, I’d told him I was worried about that pair of girls, and he had volunteered to serve as security. With that, I’d given Snow the minimum she needed to know, so I looked outside to see how dark it was. The sun was setting, and soon it would turn pitch-dark out.</p>

      <p>“One more thing. I’m currently cursed by a killer phantom named Reaper, so I need to go do some research. I’m gonna hurry out before the place closes, so I’ll be back soon. Wait here with Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>If I recalled correctly, there were public institutions that dealt in books. However, maybe it was too late at night and they were closed. I hastily jumped out the office window.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Reaper?” she stammered. “What on earth happened in the Dungeon?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I might as well explain,” said Lorwen. “Ain’t got nothing to do while we wait, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah, sure, okay, thank you.”</p>

      <p>I saw the scene through <em>Dimension</em>. The Guardian offered politely to explain, which placated her. Meanwhile, I sallied forth into town, galloping at full speed toward the library.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“Holy moly! This is nuts! These are all books?! That’s so many books, mister!”</p>

      <p>Reaper had kept quiet from Floor 30 up to this point, but the moment she entered the Laoravian library, she suddenly became full of life again. It seemed she had never seen such long rows of books before. Unable to fully contain her excitement, she popped out from inside my body.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, Reaper was no longer in the nude. So long as I kept supplying her with magic energy, creating clothes for her was possible. Right now, her body was shrouded in a pitch-black mantle.</p>

      <p>Hearing her jubilant voice from the blind spot behind me, I wasted no time cutting off her energy supply through <em>Wintermension</em>.</p>

      <p>“Agh! But why?!” she choked out.</p>

      <p>I’d told her in no uncertain terms not to come floating out outside of the Dungeon, so the people around me interpreted it as some boisterous kid entering the building somewhere out of sight. Still, her noisiness was a problem. I drew closer to the unmaterialized Reaper and spoke under my voice.</p>

      <p>“Quiet. No talking in the library. Otherwise, they’ll throw us out.”</p>

      <p>“Library?” she asked, adopting my hushed tone. “Why do we gotta keep quiet in the ‘library’?”</p>

      <p>Since she’d piped down, I now knew that it had been due to a simple lack of common knowledge. It seemed that if I just admonished her, she’d listen to me.</p>

      <p>“Reaper, you don’t even know about libraries?”</p>

      <p>“You shouldn’t expect much from me. Killing Lorwen is all I know anything about.”</p>

      <p>I got a vaguely boastful vibe from her. It looked to me as though she took pride in her mission to kill Lorwen. Then again, it also looked to me as though she took pride in him as her accomplished big brother. That confirmed it for me—the two were clearly close.</p>

      <p>“How many years has it been since you were born?”</p>

      <p>“Hm, not even one.”</p>

      <p>I sighed, beckoning her over and outside the building with a finger. “Reaper, I’m gonna go borrow a book at the library real quick. Wait here for me.”</p>

      <p>Now that we were outside the library, her voice grew loud again. “Huh?! You want me to wait here, all alone?! Tell me what the library is!”</p>

      <p>I was nervous that her voice had carried inside. She wasn’t breaking any rules; I’d told her to be quiet <em>inside</em> the library. But it seemed she couldn’t extrapolate what I really meant from that.</p>

      <p>“I’ll tell you later. And I’ll borrow some books for you to read too. So please, behave and wait here for me. You’re a good girl.”</p>

      <p>“A good girl?” she replied. “Yeah, I’m a good girl, don’t you know?” After becoming absorbed in thought over those words, she settled down. “Okay. I’ll wait here.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, uh, good.”</p>

      <p>Reaper was more docile than I’d anticipated. She sat down on the side of the road and started playing with the sand on the ground with her index finger. Normally, that would just be idly killing time, but she seemed to genuinely enjoy the simple and boring act. Maybe everything on the surface was a novelty to her.</p>

      <p>Knowing that she’d last for a decent stretch, I hurried back into the library, asking the staff to search for books about fairy tales and curses. Tomes on both the tale of Grim Rim Reaper and curses turned up in no time. Both were major presences in this world, so finding them was apparently a cinch.</p>

      <p>First, I used <em>Layered Dimension</em> to speed-read the fairy tale. The story had been passed down through oral tradition since long ago, and it had permeated most regions. So much so, in fact, that if one spoke of fairy tales in this world, the first one to spring to mind would be Grim Rim Reaper’s.</p>

      <p>The story itself was harmless. The message it taught was to pay attention to where it’s dark, and nothing about it made it a story that couldn’t have developed on Earth. Some of the descriptions were on the disturbing side, but that wasn’t so rare. All I really learned was that Grim Rim Reaper was a phantasm that attacked you when it was out of sight. It didn’t have a weakness and there was no way to beat it.</p>

      <p>While not particularly satisfied, I had no choice but to move on and pick up the book on curses. It was an old and dusty text, and it said that in the distant past, there was no shortage of curse magic in the world. However, after someone named “Saint Tiara” had laid the foundations of modern magic, they’d started dying out.</p>

      <p>Unlike Tiara’s magic, curses had many prices to pay. As such, the text contended, people naturally took to rejecting them. It didn’t take much reading for me to grasp how hard to use curses were. First of all, they consumed not only MP but also HP. Already, that made them a poor choice for battle. It seemed that there were also cases where they harmed the caster’s physical condition, shortened their life span, or inflicted illness on them. If the curse failed, the caster was consigning themselves to ruin. And as a rule, curse casters were digging their own graves—much of the time, the curse returned upon their own heads.</p>

      <p>If what I was reading was correct, I was now the caster-mage of the curse, and the curse-target was Lorwen. In other words, Reaper might not only kill Lorwen; there was a chance she could kill <em>me</em>. I lamented to myself what a nuisance I’d taken in as I turned the page, to find “Reaper” in that fresh new page’s list of curse examples.</p>

      <p><em>The Reaper Curse was first identified a thousand years ago, its first appearance made on a certain battlefield.</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t put much stock in the veracity of that claim. This world’s current level of civilization didn’t give me much confidence that things that occurred a millennium ago were passed down the ages accurately. But I figured it couldn’t hurt to keep reading.</p>

      <p><em>A thousand years ago, amid a great war waged between man and monster, a certain curse was first identified. The curse suddenly manifested in the center of an advancing order of knights, killing many a troop. Stabbing the curse with swords and hitting it with magic did nothing to kill it. It would dissolve into a mist and appear behind its prey, reaping a number of heads as it went. What could people call it except Reaper, God of Death?</em></p>

      <p>The account ended after describing how a certain no-name knight had taken Reaper down with him. There was only one way to destroy Reaper, and that was to swing one’s sword in time with the blind-spot attack. In exchange for his own head getting taken in the process, the nameless knight managed to decapitate Reaper by doing so. After that, the Reaper Curse never showed itself again. Or so the book stated.</p>

      <p>I clicked my tongue. This was not enough information. The citation for the account was listed as “local legend,” so right off the bat, I couldn’t take it at face value. Moreover, why had they come to the conclusion that it was a curse to begin with? Why had it only ever appeared once? Who was the caster-mage? A lot of important details were missing. Realizing that there was no point in investigating any further, I got to my feet and called the staff to borrow some children’s picture books (under the name of “Epic Seeker”) before going back outside.</p>

      <p>I could hear the voices of two girls. Reaper was playing with a girl I didn’t know, entertaining her by summoning and removing her magical black mist.</p>

      <p>“Wow, that’s so cool! There’s so much black hazy stuff! You really <em>are</em> a mage!”</p>

      <p>Sparkles in her eyes, the girl chased after the black mist. Then Reaper noticed I was back and erased it again.</p>

      <p>“Ah, my big brother person’s here now...sorry, I can’t play with you no more.”</p>

      <p>“Aw! C’mon, let’s play some more!”</p>

      <p>The girl walked closer to Reaper, a displeased look on her face. She tried to grip Reaper by the hand to keep her from going, which made the curse shudder with a start and move out of the way.</p>

      <p>“I... I’m really sorry! I just can’t. It’s the rule I follow... It’s late, so you should head home now.”</p>

      <p>“Okay,” she replied, after a pause. She’d looked at Reaper’s expression and decided to give up.</p>

      <p>“See you next time!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah!”</p>

      <p>They waved at each other. I waited for the girl to go out of sight.</p>

      <p>“When you haven’t got your caster-mage or curse-target in me and Lorwen around, you’re just a normal little girl, aren’t you, Reaper? Sorry I got in the way of your fun.”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s okay. I don’t mind,” she said, gently shaking her head.</p>

      <p>“You can engage in a rapport with a kid just fine when they’re that age. I’m surprised.”</p>

      <p>“Rapport?”</p>

      <p>“It just means you can play together.”</p>

      <p>“Play together? I’m always playing with Lorwen, don’t you know?”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not the same. That’s not play.”</p>

      <p>“It’s not?”</p>

      <p>“It may be fun for you, but it isn’t for Lorwen. It’s not play unless both parties are enjoying themselves.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, the more you know...” She nodded over and over, taking in my every word.</p>

      <p>That in itself was surprising. My first impression of her was as more unhinged company that I couldn’t really reason with, but that might have been my misunderstanding.</p>

      <p>“You’re more docile than I was expecting.”</p>

      <p>“Wonder why? The things you say are just so easy to understand, mister. The things Lorwen says, on the other hand, I can’t make heads or tails of!”</p>

      <p>“I mean, the stuff he tells you makes perfect sense too.”</p>

      <p>“I dunno how to put it. Your words seep into my body. It’s ’cause you’ve got the same magic energy as <em>him</em>. It resonates in my heart like crazy!”</p>

      <p>“The same magic energy... I see. That might just be it.”</p>

      <p>That could be the reason she grasped what I said but not what Lorwen said—just maybe, she was <em>made</em> that way. If she was created to listen to her caster-mage but to never give an ear to the curse-target, it’d make sense. A rule like that getting incorporated into an attack spell that in every other sense had a mind of its own shouldn’t come as a shock. What it was was rotten. Really, really rotten. A rage that surprised even me welled up within, and before I knew it, blood was dripping from my clenched fist.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, mister?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, nothing.”</p>

      <p>I hid my bloody fist behind my back and forced a smile, searching for some topic of conversation to distract her.</p>

      <p>“By the way, why do you keep calling me ‘mister’? You overheard my introduction, didn’t you? My name’s Aikawa Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I dunno why, but ‘mister’ just feels right. Am I not allowed to call you that?”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s fine if you do, I guess.”</p>

      <p>I had no reason to say no. In her eyes, I looked to be around that big brother age, and it wasn’t something that bothered me.</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s go back. I got you some picture books; have Lorwen or somebody read them to you.”</p>

      <p>“Picture books?! Oh, it’s that one! Ah, but you’ve still gotta tell me all about the library. You can’t get out of having to explain using picture books!”</p>

      <p>I pulled her by the hand and started heading back toward Epic Seeker. “Yes, yes. I’ll explain on the way there.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, this world’s so full of stuff that looks so fun. I’m having a blast!”</p>

      <p>We chatted as we walked down the dimly lit roads. From afar, we maybe would have been mistaken for brother and sister. That made me a little anxious, but at the same time, it felt a bit pleasant too. It was like I’d slipped back to the past, and that truly felt just a tiny bit nice...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Reaper and I went back to my office, to an enthusiastic greeting from Lorwen.</p>

      <p>“Kanami! Snow told me something awesome!”</p>

      <p>“Something awesome?”</p>

      <p>“You know how there’s gonna be a tournament of strength in this country soon? If I throw my hat in and win the thing, I’m sure my wish’ll come true. And without having to bother you either!”</p>

      <p>“Now that you mention it, I do think I heard about something like that. It’s called the Brawl, if I recall? That really does sound perfect. It fits your heart’s desire to a tee.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah! I think I’ll go sign up right now!”</p>

      <p>“Hold your horses, dude. It’s dark out. Let’s do that tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>“Damn, it’s night out?” he said, stopping in his tracks. “Guess you’re right... Nothing for it, huh?”</p>

      <p>Relieved he wasn’t going anywhere, I started talking to the tired-looking Snow.</p>

      <p>“Wait...are you exhausted, Snow?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’m beat. He peppered me with questions all day.”</p>

      <p>“You worked hard today. But now you know a little better what Lorwen’s like, right?”</p>

      <p>“He doesn’t seem like a bad person; I’ll give you that. Just bear in mind that there’s no guarantee a person’s what they seem.”</p>

      <p>“You’re just being a sourpuss.”</p>

      <p>“Besides, I’d bet we have different criteria for what a bad person is.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure we do. But tell me, do you really bounce off him that hard?”</p>

      <p>A pause. “No, he’s fine. There’s something else that I’m not fond of, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>“Something else?”</p>

      <p>“Never mind. There’s no problem. But I’m tired. I’m just tired. I’m going back.”</p>

      <p>With that, she sauntered out the window. <em>Is it just me or is the office window becoming the de facto exit as of late?</em></p>

      <p>After watching her leave, I spoke to Lorwen and Reaper.</p>

      <p>“Guess I’ll go get a bit of shut-eye myself. Let’s all go to my sister’s room for the time being.”</p>

      <p>“Hold up, Kanami. Don’t tell me you’re trying to get us to stay the night in your sister’s room too?”</p>

      <p>“What, would that be weird?”</p>

      <p>“Of course it’d be weird. You don’t gotta worry about us, Kanami. We’re not human, so we can make do.”</p>

      <p>“You can make do...how, exactly?”</p>

      <p>“Now’s the perfect time. I’ll show you something monstery about me.”</p>

      <p>He showed me his arms, and with a sound like two stones clashing, he transformed them into crystal.</p>

      <p>“They turned into crystal?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve got some gargoyle-line monster in me, so that’s why. This kinda thing’s my forte.”</p>

      <p>“And how’s that relevant?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll turn to stone, so put me atop this building or what have you. That way I can get some rest and pull guard duty at the same time. Two birds with one stone. And I’ll serve to ward off evil, I’ll bet.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, you can get enough rest like that?”</p>

      <p>“It’ll be enough. Monsters don’t need as much rest as humans to begin with. Besides, I’ve been tasked with ensuring your safety. Let me do at least this much for ya.”</p>

      <p>I looked Lorwen in the eye to see if he was telling the truth. If he was lying, I couldn’t tell.</p>

      <p>“Okay. So that’s you settled. What about Reaper, though?”</p>

      <p>“Can’t ya just have her float in the air to sleep? You’re probably able to.”</p>

      <p>“No way, that’d be a bad idea.”</p>

      <p>I was already gonna be putting up a man-statue atop the building every night. I didn’t want any more strange phenomena attracting attention to Epic Seeker. I could come up with an explanation for the handsome gargoyle, but not the little girl floating in the air.</p>

      <p>“No, nuh-uh, not happening!” objected Reaper, as was her right. “Now that I’ve got the chance, I wanna sleep in a bed!”</p>

      <p>“Reaper, we’re freeloaders,” said Lorwen. “Exercise a little more restraint. Curb your selfishness and sleep in the air.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, she can be selfish if it means she’s not sleeping in the air,” I replied. <em>Looks like Lorwen’s got his own screws loose somewhere.</em></p>

      <p>“I’m gonna sleep alongside my big brother, so butt out!”</p>

      <p>“For the time being, come with me to my sister’s room, Reaper. You’re a little girl; I’m not gonna have you sleep in the open air.”</p>

      <p>“You’re the best, mister!”</p>

      <p>I beckoned Reaper to follow me, and Lorwen looked on with immense surprise on his face, though he soon reverted his expression back to normal and shrugged before walking off in the opposite direction.</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. I’ll be outside, then. Reaper, you’d better be on your best behavior.”</p>

      <p>He swiftly and nimbly popped out the window and climbed up to the roof. I didn’t have the time to stop him; I didn’t think he’d be exiting via the window. Looking back, though, both Snow and I always entered and exited through the window, so he might have been under the mistaken impression that it was the actual exit. I resolved to clear up his misconception the next day. Then I took Reaper with me to Maria’s room, chiding the overexcited little murder ghost as we went upstairs.</p>

      <p>I knocked on the door to Maria’s room and entered. She was there, sitting in her bed. She came closer, her expression becoming sunnier. But the cheer in her eyes vanished when she perceived Reaper’s presence behind me, and her expression turned stiff. While she didn’t have her vision, it seemed she could detect somebody there from the sound of our footsteps.</p>

      <p>“Hiya, Maria.”</p>

      <p>“Welcome back,” she stammered, “Kanami.”</p>

      <p>But her attention was still on Reaper.</p>

      <p>“Er, so, this is a kid Epic Seeker’s gonna be taking in. Her name’s Reaper. Play nice with her, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Wait, Reaper? As in the death specter? Who on earth—”</p>

      <p>“Yay! She’s not a grown-up! Wow, you’ve got a nice little sister, big brother!” She drew closer to Maria. Apparently, she’d been wanting to interact with someone her age for some time.</p>

      <p>“Big...brother?”</p>

      <p>Maria was the one with the problem here. Her expression stiffened even more.</p>

      <p>“What’s the matter, Maria?”</p>

      <p>“Kanami, what is this girl to you?”</p>

      <p>“Er, uh, she got lost in the Dungeon, so I escorted her. She got quite the shock in the Dungeon, and it looks like her memory’s unstable, so it’d help me out if you could show her some kindness.”</p>

      <p>That was the excuse Lorwen and I had decided on back on Floor 30. Incidentally, Lorwen’s cover was that he was a swordsman wandering the lands for purposes of training.</p>

      <p>“I see. So in other words, you picked up a weakened little girl and had her call you her big brother? My goodness, how altogether <em>noble</em> a pastime.”</p>

      <p>“No, she just started calling me that of her own accord. I didn’t tell her to.”</p>

      <p>The winds were starting to blow someplace ominous. At some point, Maria’s expression had turned into an airtight smile. And while a smile it certainly was, it was also blasting me with immeasurable pressure, causing my skin to start pouring sweat.</p>

      <p>“You didn’t tell her to? But even so, you didn’t tell her <em>not</em> to, did you?”</p>

      <p>“I mean, yeah, I guess, but...”</p>

      <p>“Which means you chose for her to continue calling you ‘big brother.’ Your crime is great.”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, you’re banging the gavel on me?!”</p>

      <p>The pressure she was exuding, which felt a lot like waves of heat, only intensified.</p>

      <p><em>Yikes. I don’t know what’s got her goat, but my instincts are ringing all sorts of alarm bells.</em></p>

      <p>Just as I was about to work my calculation gears to their limit to grind out an excuse, Reaper interjected.</p>

      <p>“Hrm...uh, big sister?” she said innocently. “It’s wrong to bully him, don’t you know?”</p>

      <p>Maria’s blazing pressure was suddenly nowhere to be found. “Big sister?” she stammered. “You mean me?”</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh. I’m smaller than you, after all. I thought I’d call you sis, but would that bother you?”</p>

      <p>Every time Reaper said “sis” or “sister,” Maria’s face became a little less tense.</p>

      <p>“I... I don’t really care. You can call me whatever you like.”</p>

      <p>“Woo-hoo! Thanks, sis!”</p>

      <p>Reaper glomped on Maria, and Maria’s expression stiffened again. To be more precise, she was actively maintaining a surly pout in order to keep her lips from curling. I knew that for a fact because I’d activated <em>Dimension: Calculash.</em> Maria was currently doing her damnedest to keep her poker face so that Reaper didn’t know how gratified she felt.</p>

      <p>“Right. I don’t mind if you call me ‘sis.’ But let’s stop calling Kanami ‘brother,’ shall we?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Why?”</p>

      <p>“That’s, well...he already has a sister in me, and if both of us refer to him as ‘brother,’ it’ll get too confusing.”</p>

      <p>“It won’t get confusing! If you like, you ought to just think of me as your little sister. That way, your brother would be my brother too!”</p>

      <p>“My little sister?!”</p>

      <p>I released <em>Calculash</em>, as I was starting to get the feeling that if I left everything to Reaper, it’d solve everything. Whenever Lorwen came into the picture, Reaper turned into a deranged agent of death, but otherwise, she was as innocent as a lamb.</p>

      <p>“Hey sis! Can I be in that fluffiness with you? I’ve never been on a bed before!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? You want to be in this bed? I can’t say I mind a little thing like that.”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee hee! Thanks!” Reaper got atop the bed and opened up her picture book.</p>

      <p>Maria was blushing, and now what was conjecture had turned to conviction. Maria had a soft spot for little sister types! She was often the youngest person around, and because she was a late bloomer, she was often taken for a younger child. It seemed that due to that confluence of factors, she was pleased as punch to be called a big sister.</p>

      <p>“Hm? What is that?”</p>

      <p>“It’s a picture book! He borrowed at the library for me!”</p>

      <p>“A picture book? Thanks to these artificial eyes of mine, a picture book’s not something I can appreciate.”</p>

      <p>“Your eyes, sis? In that case, I’ll read it to you!”</p>

      <p>And just like that, Maria started to look after Reaper. After seeing her change of heart, I borrowed a blanket and plopped myself into a corner of the room. I didn’t see any issue if I just left those two to their own devices and dozed off.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Kanami, we <em>do</em> have something to discuss later,” came Maria’s cold voice the moment I closed my eyes.</p>

      <p>All I could do was nod in a cold sweat. It seemed I was dreaming when I thought Reaper had saved the day for me. That being said, Reaper was currently serving as a breakwater, so I could fall asleep with some peace of mind, at least for <em>one</em> night. Maria’s and Reaper’s mirthful voices became my lullaby, and I fled to the world of dreams.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Early the next morning, just after sunup.</p>

      <p>“That light! It’s so beautiful! This is the yellow sun?! This is the blue sky?! Holy cow, it’s so pretty!”</p>

      <p>The shouting from the roof woke me up. “Lorwen! Not so loud!”</p>

      <p>But Lorwen was too overcome with emotion to heed me. “So this is that ‘sky of blue,’ huh?! <em>This </em>is the view everybody was striving to see... Ah, what a relief. The world made it to blue skies in the end.”</p>

      <p>I could even hear a touch of teariness. I had no choice but to use <em>Freeze</em> to cool his head.</p>

      <p>“Huh?! It’s cold!”</p>

      <p>“Shh...it’s too early.”</p>

      <p>He bowed his head. “My... My bad, Kanami. I lost my cool a bit.”</p>

      <p>But through <em>Dimension</em>, I could detect that the guild members who’d been sleeping inside the Epic Seeker headquarters were awake. Right behind me, Reaper flew out and floated in the air, gazing at the sky.</p>

      <p>“Hm, huh? What the, huh? It’s blue! It’s crazy blue! Wow, so this is the ‘sky of blue’! It’s prettier over here, right, Lorwen?”</p>

      <p>“Couldn’t agree more, Reaper. Next to those murky skies, there’s no comparison.”</p>

      <p>They were chatting cheerfully while <em>I</em> was nursing a headache. “Stop yakking and come inside the building, would ya? Somebody might come here to have a look. And Reaper, I told you not to float outside the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen must have finally inferred that this was inconveniencing me, because he piped down and entered Maria’s room—through the window, of course. Reaper, for her part, turned into mist and entered my body. When I asked her why, she told me that walking without floating was a pain, so maybe she thought of me as a set of wheels she could ride.</p>

      <p>Maria was surprised to see Lorwen appear before her, but when I explained that he was something akin to Reaper’s parental guardian, she accepted it fairly readily. Unlike before with Reaper, I didn’t sense any danger, which meant that as I thought, it was letting Reaper call me “big brother” that had angered her.</p>

      <p>Next, I told the members, a handful of whom had stayed the night within Epic Seeker, about Lorwen as well. Since all of them had heard Lorwen’s weird sky-related exultations earlier, I needed to give them the skinny without delay. I found the members using <em>Dimension</em> and made the rounds introducing Lorwen to them. When I told him he was a guest of ours, they accepted it without question, much to my surprise. From what I gathered, running a guild often required sheltering visitors from abroad.</p>

      <p>While I was doing my introduction marathon, I sensed Snow wake up through <em>Dimension</em>. I met with her in the hallway and bade her good morning.</p>

      <p>“Morning,” she said. “So, what’re we doing today?”</p>

      <p>“Morning, Snow. I more or less finished running around introducing Lorwen to the guild members, so I’m thinking of heading out with him to register for the Brawl. So no work or Dungeon diving today.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, good. Then I’ll be in the office sleeping. Ah, what a fine day ahead of me.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think you’ll be able to sleep, seeing as I’m leaving Reaper here.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what? Why?”</p>

      <p>“Because it’d probably take me more time with Reaper around. That’s all, really. C’mon, Reaper, come out.”</p>

      <p>The girl crept out from behind me and tilted her head in puzzlement. “Oh? I’m house-sitting today?”</p>

      <p>“Correct. I’ll leave you some picture books, so have that young lady over there read them to you.”</p>

      <p>“Picture books? Hm... It’s true that if I had to pick between this and that... I guess I prefer the picture books. Yesterday I was the one doing all the reading! All right, see you two later, Lorwen, big brother.”</p>

      <p>It appeared she valued her picture books over the outside world. Relieved, I took the picture books I’d borrowed from the library out of my inventory and forced them into Snow’s hands.</p>

      <p>“Wha? Picture books?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. I leave it to you.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, wait a second, Kanami! I still—”</p>

      <p>Reaper nestled close to her. “C’mon, miss, read ’em!”</p>

      <p>“What? All right, fine.”</p>

      <p>She smiled with a vexed look on her face, but she wasn’t impatient or unkind with the girl. Once you forced some work into her lap, Snow always did the task with a sense of responsibility. Of that I could be certain. As such, I knew I didn’t have to worry about Reaper for the time being.</p>

      <p>After watching Snow and Reaper enter the office together, I headed into town with Lorwen. However, I didn’t really know where to register, so the first thing I did was drop by various public institutions and gather information about the Brawl. Then we found the government office where registration was taking place. It was a wooden building that took a lot of space, and people of all stripes were packed inside. Laoravia was a nation full of rare races, and it was clear to see that most of the people here were of different nationalities. Moreover, one could tell from the way they carried themselves that many among them were fight-masters confident in their own skills. Adults bearing weapons and armor I’d never seen before were prowling around with violent looks in their eyes. Given the timing, it was safe to assume that almost everyone here was going to participate in the Brawl.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, look at the place,” I said, daunted by the palpable bloodthirst.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh, gotta love this atmosphere,” said Lorwen excitedly. “This is the way it oughta be before a big battle.”</p>

      <p>It seemed he was more of a fight-lover than I’d taken him for. Not wanting to be here for very long, I expanded <em>Dimension</em> to collect information and searched for the reception area. I found a reception desk that was free in the corner and took Lorwen there with me.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me,” I said. “I’d like to ask you about participating in the Brawl, if I could.”</p>

      <p>“You gentlemen are signing up for the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball, right? Sign here, please.”</p>

      <p>I’d wanted to ask her for more details, but the lady at the counter gave us what looked to be contracts right away.</p>

      <p><em>Firstmoon? Ball? Wasn’t it supposed to be “Brawl,” as in, a fighting tournament?</em></p>

      <p>She’d laid so many terms I’d never heard of before on me at once that I froze up. Lorwen, meanwhile, took the quill and started writing his signature without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Lorwen, we should hear more first—”</p>

      <p>“This won’t steer us wrong. Long story short, it’s gotta be a tournament for knights hosted by the Dungeon Alliance. These tournaments get named fancy, highfalutin stuff like this all the time.”</p>

      <p>“Be that as it may, I still think you oughta read the fine print more.”</p>

      <p>The text on the paper he’d been handed was small and dense.</p>

      <p>“Oh, these things are basically all just saying, ‘If you die, don’t come crying to us.’ And a lot of the time, they lay traps to misrepresent how much you’ll make, but since my goal is gaining glory, that doesn’t matter.”</p>

      <p>“All right then...”</p>

      <p>“Aren’t you gonna put your name down, Kanami?”</p>

      <p>“Who, me?”</p>

      <p>Sure enough, we’d been given <em>two</em> papers to sign. And it’d probably be acceptable for me to throw my hat in, for Epic Seeker’s sake as well as my own. However, I figured I should focus my efforts on being able to fend off those two girls from the other day. I didn’t want my attention to get swallowed up by the tournament in case that led to me neglecting to react in time to that fearsome pair.</p>

      <p>Just as I’d collected my thoughts on the matter, the receptionist addressed me. “Er, Mr. Kanami, was it?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, uh, yes, that’s me. Why do you ask?” I asked, taken aback.</p>

      <p>“I knew it! I had a feeling the second you entered. I’m glad I didn’t get that wrong!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, I’m sorry. Forgive me for getting all keyed up on you. Lately, the guildmaster of Epic Seeker’s become a household name in Laoravia. So I heard rumors about what you look like too.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, okay. That’s how you know my name.”</p>

      <p>It seemed she had learned of me through the grapevine. She must have been well-versed in such things, working reception at a place like this. I was feeling a bit abashed when she extended her hand toward me.</p>

      <p>“I’m a fan of yours. May I shake your hand?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, sure. If you’re okay with the likes of me.”</p>

      <p>A fan. That meant she was probably rooting for me. Feeling awkward, I gave her my hand.</p>

      <p>“The likes of you? It really is just as they say. A handsome boy with a burn mark on his neck who’s a deft hand but a tad too diffident too.”</p>

      <p>“A...handsome boy? There’s no way I...”</p>

      <p>“With your looks, you definitely qualify to be called handsome. Dungeon divers are all a bunch of shabby, shady-looking people. Talking up a promising youngster and exaggerating a little in the process is a requirement to maintain a lively Laoravia.”</p>

      <p>“Huh. I see.”</p>

      <p>I smiled wryly; she’d convinced me. What I didn’t get was why Lorwen was envying me aloud from behind me.</p>

      <p>“Must be nice. The young star of hope who appeared from the blue. I like the sound of that.”</p>

      <p>Maybe the hurdles barring Lorwen from obtaining the “glory” he was envisioning were relatively low.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami, about your registration... Are you aware that you’re already registered for the Firstmoon Allies General Knights Ball by way of the Laoravian government’s nomination? It’s very rare, so there’s no mistake.”</p>

      <p>“The...the government’s nomination? Is that something that can happen without the nominee’s knowledge or consent?”</p>

      <p>“No, it shouldn’t be. Er, it says here the one who recommended you is one Palinchron Regacy. Did you maybe hear something about it from him?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, that tells me everything I need to know, thank you.”</p>

      <p>Palinchron Regacy. Hearing that name was enough to solve every mystery. <em>Come to think of it, Palinchron does work for the state too. He must’ve slipped my name into the recommendations category through his government connections.</em></p>

      <p>“At the moment, Mr. Kanami, you’re registered as a party of one. What would you like to do? Would you like to form a party with the gentleman next to you? Doing so would mean he doesn’t have to take on any preliminary matches.”</p>

      <p>“Er, is this not the kind of tournament where it’s one-on-one?”</p>

      <p>“One-on-one tournaments take place in even-numbered months. Firstmoon is for knightly bands. Which is to say, it’s a tournament for parties of three.”</p>

      <p>Back in my world, most tournaments of this type were one-on-one, and I’d assumed that was the case here too.</p>

      <p>“So does that mean I need to fight three matches by myself?”</p>

      <p>“No. As a rule, you would be fighting a band of three all at once. But I think that if you’re facing opponents who value civility and decorum, like knights or nobles, they’ll at times choose to fight one-on-one three times.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, I guess I’ll have you be in my party, Lorwen. And for the third slot, I’ll ask Snow or Reaper—”</p>

      <p>“Hold on,” said Lorwen, his expression serious. “I don’t wanna miss this chance to fight <em>against</em> you.”</p>

      <p>“If what you want is to win the tournament, then shouldn’t we be a team?”</p>

      <p>“You’re not wrong, but I’ve got a bad feeling about it. If I end up winning without fighting a strong opponent in you, will that really be enough to make me disappear? Part of me might not accept that as a true win.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, gotcha. I guess that could be too.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen’s feelings on a matter played a large part in clearing up his lingering attachments. There was a possibility that this was all in vain unless he himself was satisfied.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I’m gonna take the liberty of fighting as a party of one. If I’m gonna win either way, I wanna hog all the glory.”</p>

      <p>“Talk about making things rough. Plus, that means if I don’t go all out in the tournament and take it seriously, it won’t work, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, that’s what it means. Sorry, man.”</p>

      <p>If I stayed my hand and served as kingmaker for him, it’d amount to nothing. If he caught on that I was holding back, we were back to square one.</p>

      <p>“Nah, it’s okay. I don’t mind getting serious if it’ll help Epic Seeker. Only, it’ll make fulfilling your goal way harder. What a predicament.”</p>

      <p>“Oho, you sound pretty confident, my man.”</p>

      <p>“Well, the reason I went to Floor 30 was to take down its Guardian, so yeah, I think I can take you.”</p>

      <p>“Heh. Then the Brawl is looking to be good fun! It’s not really a tournament if you don’t rise up the brackets beating strong opponents!” he said, trembling with excitement after seeing how brimming with confidence I was.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, I was wondering if opponents as strong as Lorwen had indicated were really going to be at the Brawl. To put it bluntly, I was probably the strongest out of any human in the Dungeon Alliance. Now that I’d reached Floor 30, I figured I’d become more than a match for the “strongest diver” Glenn Walker. So I had my misgivings that Lorwen, who I sensed was around the same power level as me, would find any of the so-called strong fighters here satisfying.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, ma’am, what sorts of people does the Brawl attract?”</p>

      <p>“What sorts of people? Well, let me think... Every year, the representatives of each nation assemble for the Brawl. It serves as a seed. Oh, and mercenaries and criminals who are sufficiently skilled also participate.”</p>

      <p>“Criminals too?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. That reminds me, Mr. Kanami, before you became a guildmaster, you lived in a remote hinterland, right? In which case I don’t blame you for not knowing. Please allow me to explain.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, thank you.”</p>

      <p>She wasn’t kidding when she called herself a fan; she clearly knew a fair bit of my public profile.</p>

      <p>“The venue for the Brawl is located over the canal between the countries of Laoravia and Eltraliew. It’ll be held in Valhuura, the large-scale mobile theater floating on a vast canal.”</p>

      <p>“On a canal...”</p>

      <p>“When there’s a match on, the anchor is down, so there’s no need to worry about the venue swaying too much. Since it’s located on the border, it doesn’t belong to any one country, so no country’s laws apply to it, and criminals can participate without worrying about their legal status.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, but that’s the dumbest reasoning—”</p>

      <p>“Of course, it’s an exaggeration to say it’s lawless. But it’s true that criminals gather there. The Brawl gives scoundrels and thugs with more than enough brawn a fresh chance, and it’s also a place where those with coin hire freelance muscle. It’s the continent’s biggest job-searching sphere, so to speak.”</p>

      <p>“But isn’t a bunch of criminals gallivanting around dangerous?”</p>

      <p>“It would be, but the security is incredibly tight. Security pros from all five nations keep a watchful eye, and if trouble seems to be brewing, the perpetrators become persona non grata in all five nations. That’s five times the normal ostracization. As such, year by year, the Brawl doesn’t usually see too many such cases.”</p>

      <p>This world had a culture of holding tournaments like these, and I obviously had no choice but to accept that. Basically, it was a national-scale, multiday festival of sorts, with no holds barred.</p>

      <p>“Also, another group that often participates is nobility.”</p>

      <p>“Nobility? Why is that?”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t expecting nobles to participate. I’d had the preconceived notion that they’d be spectating from afar.</p>

      <p>“Their reasons are many and various, from simply honing their skills as knights to accruing prestige. But usually the main reason is to gain an opportunity to make some statement. There are a lot of <em>courtship activities</em>, so to speak.”</p>

      <p>“Courtship? Didn’t you say it was a place for job hunting?”</p>

      <p>“It’s a place for both. It is the largest such gathering on the continent, after all.”</p>

      <p>“A place...for both?”</p>

      <p>This tournament was more involved than I’d imagined. I was getting a little uneasy.</p>

      <p>“Everything one says during the final round of the Brawl becomes official and on the record. And when it’s said in the presence of many people in high places, it’s not too different from a duel oath at that point.”</p>

      <p>“I can imagine how a marriage proposal made at a time like that would get people pumped.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, it’s quite rousing,” she explained with relish. “If you get the support of the people and those in power, you can ride that enthusiasm all the way to an actual wedding. It’s an oft-used tactic for when a low-ranking male noble wants to marry a high-ranking female noble and get their union approved of. And the spectators look forward to it as well.”</p>

      <p>To hear it from her, this was something that had happened loads of times in the past. And because there were clearly lots of people out there like her who couldn’t get enough of other people’s romantic stories, it was a courtship method that was allowed to persist.</p>

      <p>The receptionist continued, the look on her face serious. “Mr. Kanami. Mr. Lorwen. Whatever you do, please be careful when it comes to the introductory remarks of your matches. You’re both handsome, so I think people will target you. It could be the case that they smooth talk you, and all of a sudden you find yourself married off or with a new line of work, or ruined financially, or enslaved.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Stuff like that can happen all of a sudden?”</p>

      <p>“It happens a lot. You’ll get knights who say, ‘I’ve never seen a knight of your caliber. If you can defeat me, I’ll give you my daughter’s hand in marriage!’” she said, voice-acting all her examples, “and then lose on purpose, or nobles who say, ‘I dedicate this battle to you, the object of my affections. And if I should win, allow me to express my feelings as my reward,’ creating an atmosphere that makes it hard for said person to turn them down, or brigands who go, ‘I feel sorry for the crowd when the money that’s on the line is such a pittance! What say we both wager our entire fortunes before we cross swords?!’ thereby trying to fleece them of everything they own.”</p>

      <p>My face grew pale; none of those examples were a laughing matter. So many lives had gone awry thanks to such stunts.</p>

      <p>“In any case,” she continued, “what I’m trying to say is you mustn’t get caught up in the heat of the moment and end up buying into weird oaths.”</p>

      <p>I nodded and nodded, etching her warnings into my mind. <em>I won’t fall for people’s provocations and make any dumb promises! I refuse to!</em></p>

      <p>While there weren’t any strong opponents among the participants, it seemed the rules of the tournament themselves were the formidable foe I’d be facing. Lorwen nodded, a wry smile on his face, and he handed his signed form to the receptionist.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Mr. Lorwen. That completes your registration. Heh heh, for Mr. Kanami’s friend to be entering the fray, I can’t help but expect good things! I’m sure this year’s Brawl will get everyone <em>super</em> pumped up! This year’s the year of the St. Tiara prophecy, after all! Attendance will be the highest in history!”</p>

      <p>The receptionist placed Lorwen’s form on the pile of papers to her side, then smiled when she saw how thick it was.</p>

      <p>“The year of St. Tiara’s prophecy is a special one?” I asked.</p>

      <p>I had no interest in the numbers attending. It was the bit before that that caught my attention.</p>

      <p>“Yes, the main religion of the Dungeon Alliance is the Church of Levahn, and there’s a prophecy about the year that the founder Tiara will be reborn. ‘Sword and sword shall come as one, and a true hero shall appear.’ That’s the prophecy that the people believe in.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see.”</p>

      <p>There were similar prophecies back in my world too, but in this world, religion was involved; by the look of it, people were overly invested in it now.</p>

      <p>“Since the Day of the Blessed Birth ended in disappointment recently, the citizens’ expectations are now hanging on the Brawl. I’m looking forward to it too.”</p>

      <p>“The Day of the Blessed Birth ended in disappointment? What on earth happened?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, were you not aware? According to the prophecy, the second coming of Saint Tiara was supposed to happen during this year’s Day of the Blessed Birth, but nothing like it happened at all. It was the same old festival, and it ended in the same old ritual, so everybody feels let down. That’s why devout Levahnites are whispering among themselves that something that fits the prophecy will happen during the Brawl instead.”</p>

      <p>We listened to more anecdotes one could only hear from a receptionist, and after asking about the rules of the tournament in more detail, we concluded our visit to the Brawl registration desk.</p>

      <p>The receptionist shook my hand and said, “I’m rooting for you” before watching us go. She’d been a chatterbox, but we were thankful for her friendliness.</p>

      <p>“We just made the registration deadline,” said Lorwen after we exited the building. “You awakened me at just the right time.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right. Talk about perfect timing. Now then, I might as well buy Snow and Reaper souvenirs or something—”</p>

      <p>We’d been relieved that we were able to wrap things up without a hitch. By force of habit, I expanded <em>Dimension</em>—and detected a girl’s presence.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, Sieg. Talk about perfect timing.”</p>

      <p>The girl’s voice was as clear as a bell, and I turned to look, directing my eyes to the top of the building. There sat a girl with otherworldly beauty. My heart skipped a beat. I got the feeling I’d seen a sight like that before. Someplace, sometime in the past...</p>

      <p>That beyond gorgeous girl—Lastiara Whoseyards—chuckled to herself before dropping down to the ground and drawing closer to us.</p>

      <p>Lorwen could tell she possessed uncommon strength, and his expression stiffened. “She a friend of yours?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s just say we’re acquainted. I’ll talk to her.” I took a step forward and crafted <em>Dimension: Calculash.</em></p>

      <p>Meanwhile, she spoke to me in a cool and very friendly tone. “Are you getting buddy-buddy with <em>another</em> Guardian? You never change, Sieg.”</p>

      <p>It didn’t look like she meant any harm, but I had to be on guard all the same. She had shown considerable hostility toward Epic Seeker before. Refusing to let her control the pace of the conversation, I started grilling her.</p>

      <p>“Are you alone today?”</p>

      <p>“Dia’s emotionally unstable,” she said cheerfully. “He’s off with Sera at the moment, so right now I’m by myself.”</p>

      <p>I went directly to my next question. It was something I’d wanted to ask this entire time. “So what on earth do you want, exactly?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, what do I want? Oh, I know. I only want one thing—to bring back my friend.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t believe her. I couldn’t. Last time, she’d wanted both me and Maria, but neither of us knew the two girls. There was no way we could be friends.</p>

      <p>“As such,” she continued, “I figured I’d register for Brawl too. Come help me, you two.”</p>

      <p>She beckoned us over, turned on her heels, and made to enter the building. If she meant what she’d said, she was planning to get her name registered inside.</p>

      <p>I furrowed my brow. “Hey! Why should I help <em>you</em>, lady?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not ‘lady,’” she interrupted quietly. “I’m Lastiara. You can <em>see</em> my name, can’t you? So call me by it. If you do, I’ll call you Kanami.”</p>

      <p>Though she’d said that under her breath, her tone was firm and assertive. It seemed she absolutely would not put up with getting called “lady” by me.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, then,” I said, reckoning there was no harm in at least calling her by her name. “I’ve got no reason to help you.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, are you sure? I don’t mind running amok right here, right now, you know?”</p>

      <p>“Is that a threat?”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee. I think it’s an effective one against you.”</p>

      <p>It was true that I didn’t want to stir up trouble with her here. If we duked it out in a metropolitan area like this, I could be sure that there would be collateral damage, given how powerful the girl before my eyes was. And since I was working for Laoravia now, I wanted to avoid causing any mayhem in town.</p>

      <p>I sighed. “Okay, fine. I’ll help you.”</p>

      <p>I had no choice but to follow her inside. Her expression screamed, “Thought so!” Lorwen, who was behind me, was also looking amused by this turn of events for some reason. Maybe my reaction was that comical to him.</p>

      <p>We lined up in front of the same receptionist as before, since she would probably inform us about the stuff we needed to know in her nice and friendly manner. We waited our turn in line, Lastiara and I keeping each other in check with pointed looks. When she received the form, she filled in the required fields with practiced ease. When the receptionist saw that form, however, she blanched.</p>

      <p>“La... Lastiara Whoseyards?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, that’s me. Thought I’d come register real quick.”</p>

      <p>Looking closely, I got the feeling the receptionist’s hands were shaking.</p>

      <p>“Um, strange question, but...is that really you?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. Me, state a false name? I’d never! Unlike a certain someone,” she said, casting her eyes my way.</p>

      <p>That was wholly unexpected. I’d never once gone by an alias.</p>

      <p>“Hey, that ain’t me. Aikawa Kanami’s no pseudonym.”</p>

      <p>She looked shocked before sighing. “You’re right. And that’s the problem.”</p>

      <p>“Do...” the receptionist stammered. “Do you not mind? Registering your name here while you’re the number-one most-wanted person in Whoseyards? You’re going to cause quite the hubbub, you know?”</p>

      <p>“Thanks for the concern, but I know there’s a tacit understanding that tournaments like these don’t care about the participants’ origins or pasts. There shouldn’t be a problem.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s true, but...you’re in a different league entirely, or maybe I should say your circumstances are that special...”</p>

      <p>So this Lastiara Whoseyards was a wanted fugitive, and a special one at that. And despite that, the receptionist was speaking to her with deference, so chances were high she was originally a noblewoman.</p>

      <p>“Whatever my circumstances may be, on the day of the Brawl, no laws apply inside Valhuura, so it’ll be hunky-dory. Besides, it makes things fun, right? My entering the tournament.”</p>

      <p>“Well... Well, yes, there’s no doubt the crowd will go wild, but...I think that the moment you leave Valhuura once the Brawl is over, you’ll be surrounded by all the security officers. Does that not give you pause?”</p>

      <p>“I’m good. I’ll have Kanami there with some kind of saving throw, so it’s no big deal.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, she was under the impression that I’d antagonize the Dungeon Alliance’s combined security forces to rescue her. Not bloody likely. I was baffled as to how she could even reach that conclusion.</p>

      <p>“Hey, why do I have to do anything? Why would I?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I think you will. So much so, in fact, that I’d be willing to bet on it.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, then I’ll bet I won’t.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, you’re in? In that case, whoever loses does whatever the winner wants.”</p>

      <p>“I ain’t losing, so that’s fine by me. If anything, I’ll be yukking it up helping the security guards. No doubt about it.”</p>

      <p>She laughed merrily. She was slightly different than I’d imagined. At first, I’d taken her for a dangerous individual, but after bantering with her, I knew that wasn’t the case. In fact, it was the opposite. It was hard to put into words, but I just clicked with her. Oddly enough, we got along great. Just by chatting with this girl, my heart leaped. Our conversation organically became repartee, making talking to her a lot of fun. It was almost as though...</p>

      <p>The receptionist hung her head in resignation, a grave look on her face. “Okay. The Brawl certainly can’t refuse your application. I hereby acknowledge your registration. I believe the qualifying rounds will be the venue for lawbreaker participants.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, that’s fine. Thanks!”</p>

      <p>The three of us left the building together.</p>

      <p>“So tell me, Lastiara,” I said right off the bat, “why’re you entering the tournament?”</p>

      <p>“I had no choice. There’s no other way to get you alone.”</p>

      <p>“In other words, you—”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I wanna fight you without being interrupted. And then I’ll smash that fishy bangle on your arm to bits.”</p>

      <p>“My bangle? Is that all?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, because it really looks like that’s the keystone. Snow brought it to my attention with her eyes.”</p>

      <p>It had been Snow who’d put that idea in Lastiara’s head. I recalled what she had told me, back on the night we first met.</p>

      <p>“In other words, I’ve forgotten my past, and it’s this bangle’s fault. That’s what you wanna say, right?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. So you already get it, then.”</p>

      <p>I heaved a heavy sigh and calmly dissected the information on hand. My hazy and inconsistent memories of the past, my frequent headaches, and the experience that I had but couldn’t remember getting. Add Palinchron’s attitude and Snow’s words to that cocktail, as well as the existence of Lastiara and Diablo Sith, and one hypothesis that squared it all came into view.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I can’t deny the possibility.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, you’re quicker to understand than I was expecting.”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t that I was choosing to believe the girl in front of me. It was a confluence of the words of many different people. And it was a possibility I couldn’t ignore. I had to consider it. I knew that.</p>

      <p>I knew that, and yet...</p>

      <p>“But a possibility is just a possibility. It can’t be true. It absolutely can’t!”</p>

      <p>For some reason, I just couldn’t bring myself to consider it. Nor could I bring myself to contemplate removing my bangle. It was like a curse; I was literally unable to truly digest the idea. There was no way I could acknowledge something like this. The notion that this world that was so convenient for me and my beloved sister to live in was <em>false</em>...</p>

      <p>The magic energy that coursed inside of me turned into sludge-like muck-blood, binding my whole being. Or at least, that was what it felt like. It was an unpleasant sensation, like my beating heart was in a vise.</p>

      <p>“I see.” Lastiara nodded with sadness in her eyes.</p>

      <p>In response, my tongue moved of its own accord. “Sorry,” I muttered, “but I can’t remove this bangle. This is the most important thing there is to me!”</p>

      <p>For indeed, “this” was. This world. Having my sister by my side. That was more important to me than anything else. I couldn’t hand over the bangle, and my whole world with it. That was the deal.</p>

      <p>“The most important thing, huh? Then I guess it can’t be helped. I mean, I knew it’d come to this from the get-go, so...”</p>

      <p>She looked a tiny bit forlorn, but the next second, her expression turned bright and sunny, and she took a step toward me.</p>

      <p>“You needn’t worry. For the time being, I don’t plan on trying anything. I can’t prod you the wrong way in case there’s a suicide spell inserted in you or something like that. I need to prepare more, or else...”</p>

      <p>“Prepare more?”</p>

      <p>“I need Dia in tip-top condition, is what I’m saying. And I guess I need a situation where no one else can get involved.”</p>

      <p>“And you’re telling me the Brawl is that situation?”</p>

      <p>“The Brawl is for the five nations to keep each other in check and struggle for supremacy. If Laoravia ever wants to take action to protect you during a match, they can’t. If they made a mess of the Brawl in the process, the other four nations would take that opportunity to hit Laoravia where it hurts.”</p>

      <p>From what I’d heard, she was right—the balance of power between the nations at the Brawl was an intricate affair. It was something of a five-sided chess match. None of the individual nations could make a move too readily.</p>

      <p>“So you wanna fight fair and square, putting our desires on the line, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. And I’m having you put that bangle on the line. That’s easy enough to understand, I should think?”</p>

      <p>Her methods were eminently reasonable. She was essentially challenging me to a weird sort of duel, so to speak. She was risking her own bodily safety in order to get at my bangle. From what people told me, it was a common occurrence for Brawl fighters to wager their belongings. Odds were, if she boasted that she had thrown her hat in the ring to obtain Aikawa Kanami’s bangle even if it meant getting arrested in the end, I’d be unable to oppose the atmosphere of the crowd. And not only was she doing it through legitimate channels, it also stood up to reason more than it didn’t. This was going against the image of Lastiara Whoseyards I’d had in my head. I’d thought she would try to get her way through more unreasonable means.</p>

      <p>There was, however, one thing I didn’t much care for. “But isn’t that assuming you’re stronger than me?”</p>

      <p>I didn’t much care for the fact Lastiara Whoseyards thought she could beat Aikawa Kanami.</p>

      <p>“If you ask me, I can give you a run for your money. You’re good at support magic, while I’m more specialized for direct combat. And more than anything, I have more experience fighting other people than you do. I’ve got one hero of legend’s worth of battlecraft inside me.”</p>

      <p>“That’s optimistic of you. It’s nonsense to think that because I’m good at support magic, I’m therefore not good at direct combat. In a proper duel, there’s no way I can lose.”</p>

      <p>For some reason, I was feeling competitive with the girl before my eyes. I found myself wanting to be stronger than this Lastiara from the bottom of my heart. It was almost like I wanted to look cool in front of a girl I liked...something a little kid would do. To hide that from her, I glared at her with venom, and she stared back at me undaunted. As we stared each other down, silence fell, and that was when another voice entered the fray—Lorwen.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha! Never would’ve predicted this would turn up roses for me too! I like how confident you two are. I love it! Ah, this is getting good. This is the way a place where people cross swords oughta be!”</p>

      <p>Lorwen hadn’t butted in earlier since he’d figured it was a chat between acquaintances, but after seeing that our discussion had come to a conclusion, he gleefully expressed his own feelings on the matter, and he seemed positively exuberant at the sudden prospect of worthy adversaries to fight.</p>

      <p>Then he smirked and said, “Hate to break it to ya, but <em>I’ll</em> be taking this tourney.”</p>

      <p>It was a solemn declaration, like a knight’s oath, and when he said that, a pressure I couldn’t name started pressing down on me. Lorwen’s magic energy was too low for that fathomless pressure to be magical in nature. No, this was something else. Cowed by whatever it was Lorwen was exuding, Lastiara and I were left in a cold sweat.</p>

      <p>In response, Lastiara enveloped the vicinity with ferocious magic energy. “Sorry, but a Guardian isn’t what we want or need right now.”</p>

      <p>Her pressure was simple and straightforward, but it was powerful, and for that reason it was fearsome.</p>

      <p>Another stare down, and another stretch of silence. The seconds passed. In the silence, Lastiara’s and Lorwen’s eyes glanced my way.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, do they want me to throw in my two cents too?</em> For some reason, they seemed to be expecting it. Maybe I should have deployed <em>Wintermension</em> to create my own, more chilling brand of pressure. Honestly, though, when all eyes were on you, it actually made it <em>harder</em> to produce anything, so I chose not to say anything and just watched the two of them stare each other down.</p>

      <p>The silence continued.</p>

      <p>And continued.</p>

      <p>Unable to take it longer, a sweating Lastiara said, “Hey, Kanami! Have you got nothing for us?”</p>

      <p>“Not really.”</p>

      <p>“Oh c’mon! You’re such a party pooper! Isn’t he?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, bro. That whole back-and-forth’s ground to a halt now,” said Lorwen, turning on me, much to my disbelief.</p>

      <p>These two had only just met (as far as I knew), but they were on strangely good terms. Maybe they had something in common. Something bad.</p>

      <p>The tension in the air proceeded to dissipate into so much mist, and we all laughed. And while I didn’t let my guard down completely, my wariness diminished little by little.</p>

      <p>After some idle chitchat, Lastiara said, “All right, I do have things to do, so I’ll be heading home soon. Don’t die and I’ll see you at the Brawl, you two.”</p>

      <p>And with that, she took to the rooftops and ran as blisteringly fast as usual. After confirming that she was outside of <em>Dimension</em>’s range, I finally let my guard down. Lorwen was beside me, thrilled to have met a formidable opponent out of nowhere. It seemed he couldn’t wait to fight her.</p>

      <p>Thus, my second encounter with Lastiara ended without trouble.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>After getting ourselves registered for the tournament, we returned to Epic Seeker HQ. I didn’t see Snow or Reaper in the office, so I searched for them through <em>Dimension.</em> Seeing they were all gathered in Maria’s room upstairs, I headed in that direction.</p>

      <p>“Ah, welcome, Big Brother!” said Reaper.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back, Kanami,” said Maria.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re finally back,” said Snow.</p>

      <p>What an odd sight. They were all holding knitting needles and plugging away at balls of yarn.</p>

      <p>“What’s going on here?”</p>

      <p>“We were looking for something to do and ended up knitting,” said Snow, showing me the yarn in her hands.</p>

      <p>“Why knitting?”</p>

      <p>“It’s the only thing I’m halfway good at besides fighting.”</p>

      <p>Two scarves were lying at her feet, probably completed, while Maria and Reaper were about to complete their first scarves. Clearly, she’d been teaching the other two her special skill, most likely because she had no other choice; Reaper must have gotten tired of picture books and Snow had needed some way to get her to pipe down.</p>

      <p>“Wow, didn’t know you were so good at knitting.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “I practiced a little back in the day,” she said, averting her gaze bashfully.</p>

      <p>I could tell she’d practiced much more than a little, judging by the finished products. I picked up Snow’s scarves and gave them a look. One was striped, the other checkered. To my eye, they looked high-quality enough to sell.</p>

      <p>“I don’t need them,” she said, her head still turned away. “You can have them.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? You’re giving them to me?”</p>

      <p>Unfortunately for her, thanks to <em>Dimension</em>, her averting her gaze did nothing to hide the fact that she was feeling embarrassed.</p>

      <p>“I’m not cold,” she continued. “And I’ve got plenty.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, I’ll take them. Thanks.”</p>

      <p>I wrapped one around my neck and put the other in my inventory.</p>

      <p>“Ah, big brother!” said Reaper. “I’ll give you mine too!”</p>

      <p>She threw me her freshly completed scarf from a little distance away. Like Snow, she didn’t need one herself. All she could wear was the “clothes” she personally composed.</p>

      <p>“Thanks.” I took her shoddily made scarf.</p>

      <p>“Kanami!” stammered Maria, swept up in the flow. “Please take mine as well.”</p>

      <p>“Aw, you should use it yourself, Maria. Snow and Reaper just gave me theirs because they can’t use them—”</p>

      <p>“No. Please take it,” she said, a nice smile on her face.</p>

      <p>“Ah, sure. Thank you.”</p>

      <p>I folded to the pressure she exuded, which managed to exceed even Lastiara’s and Lorwen’s, and took her scarf.</p>

      <p>Maria was blind; the eyes behind those eyelids were artificial. And yet you wouldn’t know it from her scarf. I’d known she had dexterous hands, but not to this extent.</p>

      <p>Lorwen was behind me, looking on with envy. He approached Reaper as he cleared his throat. “Ahem. Ahem. Reaper, got something for me?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Why have I gotta give you something?” she said, slicing his tiny little hope in two.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, wait up. You’ve known me longer than you’ve known Kanami, right? Normally you oughta have one for me too!”</p>

      <p>“But Lorwen, you’re my enemy.”</p>

      <p>“You... You can’t be serious... That’s ridiculous...” His brow was furrowed; he was being sincere. He reminded me of an older brother who got no gift from his beloved little sister on his birthday.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, man,” I said, understanding his pain.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay; I’m used to it.”</p>

      <p>“You’re used to it, huh?”</p>

      <p>Lorwen lifted his head back up right away. He may have been accustomed to hard knocks like these, but that just made me feel even sorrier for him. What must his life have been like up till now? I put a hand on his shoulder.</p>

      <p>“I’ll make you a scarf later. I’m good at this kinda thing too.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Kanami. A friend’s a good thing to have, huh?”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, he’d elevated me to friend status. He and I laughed and cemented our bond of friendship in each other’s eyes. Little by little, I’d come to understand Lorwen’s disposition. He was sincere and faithful, but for how adult he made himself out to be, his personality had a childlike quality. And while he was hard on Reaper, it came from a place of kindness. He was a person I could trust.</p>

      <p><em>That’s right. He’s a </em>person<em> I can trust.</em></p>

      <p>I’d have a hell of a time seeing Lorwen as a Guardian—as a monster now. I realized that anew as I laughed. But that shouldn’t be a problem. While I’d be fighting against him in the Brawl, we wouldn’t be fighting to kill. I was going to grant his desire and give rest to his soul as a fellow human being. There was no reason to view him as a monster to accomplish that. As such, I could smile and laugh without a trace of battle nerves.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no problem. There shouldn’t be a problem...</em></p>

      <p>But for some reason, I couldn’t dispel the unease in the pit of my stomach.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>