<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Then, I returned to Maria’s room and talked about my day at a leisurely pace before falling asleep. Another fulfilling day was behind me. I faced surmountable troubles like everyone else, I put in a moderate amount of blood, sweat, and tears, and I lived a life with modest pleasures and amusements. This is what I’d longed for... for so many years...</p>

      <p>The happiness I’d longed for... Was that what this was? Was that all I needed?</p>

      <p>Even though everything was going so well, as usual, a slight but persistent headache rooted itself in my skull. That was why I decided I’d hit the Dungeon again the next day. I had to hurry down to the thirtieth floor so I could fulfill my contract with Palinchron.</p>

      <p>The next morning, I found Snow waiting for me in my office, having come uncharacteristically early. Since she’d be visiting the House of Siddark, she wasn’t in her usual ethnic-looking garb, but rather in an indigo-blue bell-line dress. She’d also switched out her hair ornament for a high-end, high-class one. Her tribeswoman aesthetic had given away to the mien of a “silver spoon” young noble lady. A superabundance of decorative jewels kept her horns hidden, and her long skirt kept her tail concealed, so there wasn’t a scrap of an indication that she was a dragonewt. The girl before my eyes was a refreshing breeze, a maiden whose beauty was beyond reproach. And she’d been glancing at me repeatedly for some time.</p>

      <p>“Augh, I don’t wanna go.” She grumbled to that effect over and over again, the culmination of which was “Boy, I wonder if somebody’s around who’d come kidnap me.”</p>

      <p>Ticked off by the way she’d grumble to herself while looking at me, but never actually address me, I mercilessly ignored her and headed for the Dungeon by myself, crossing through the <em>Connection</em> gateway.</p>

      <p>The number-one order of the day was to test out my new sword, the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword. I would see how it fared against one of the Crystal Golems of Floor 26. If I could cut through those things, it’d lower the difficulty level of the Dungeon significantly.</p>

      <p>I progressed without pausing through the floors with my sights on Floor 26. The only real obstacles on the way there were the Rio Eagles of Floor 22, and I of course ignored them as usual, so no problem arose. It took me next to no time to get from Floor 20 to the roadblock I sought to conquer—Floor 26. Using <em>Dimension</em>, I picked a Crystal Golem and brandished my blade.</p>

      <p>The battle was over in a flash. The moment the golem swung its fist down at me, I sliced its trunk horizontally. That was it. That was literally all there was to it. The golem’s upper half slid to the side and crashed to the ground. One swing and it was in twain. It felt like I’d sliced through polystyrene. I watched as the golem faded into light.</p>

      <p>“Whoa! Holy moly!”</p>

      <p>In the face of such sheer expectation-topping sharpness, I was compelled to voice my admiration. I hadn’t imagined that such a slight boost in the weapon’s attack power would change the math this much. The biggest boon was that the blade hadn’t suffered a single chip or nick. That meant I could fight indefinitely. With a path to victory now open for Floors 26 and 27, I advanced deeper into the Dungeon in high spirits. I encountered several more golems en route, but without their hardness to fall back on, their strength was on par with monsters around the Floor 10 area. I cut them down, one after another, without impediment. The same held true for Floor 27. While Floor 27 contained many faster species of monster compared to the previous level, those, too, relied on their hardness, so their degree of difficulty barely differed. I rapidly made my way farther into the Dungeon depths, slicing away at crystalline ants and birds and bugs and things as I did. A handful of monsters summoned their brethren, but that wasn’t an issue as long as I averted the reinforcements using <em>Dimension</em>. As a result, it took me less than an hour to reach Floor 28. I was overjoyed that the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword was enabling me to progress in such leaps and bounds.</p>

      <p>Floor 27 was a cave of translucent crystal; Floor 28 was slightly different. This wasn’t a world of perfectly clear white. No, what greeted my eyes instead was a rainbow world of color. These walls were also made of a special mineral, but unlike the floor prior, it contained more than just crystal. I didn’t know this mineral’s name, but it was shining in a prismatic host of hues. I stuck my sword into that rigid wall, not because I had gold in my eyes, but because the hardness of the walls figured into combat. I was testing to see if, as before, slamming the enemy into the wall would be effective.</p>

      <p>It chipped the wall, and some of the mineral fell into my hand. However, the fragment in my hand lost its luster immediately, turning to dull black stone. My menu-sight informed me it was just a rock, so it seemed I couldn’t make a mint here. More importantly, it appeared to be softer than the crystal up to this point.</p>

      <p>I stayed alert to my surroundings as I advanced, searching, of course, for the stairs and bosses through <em>Dimension</em>. I figured that for the time being, I’d keep going until either the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword stopped working or an enemy attack managed to put a scratch on me. I was confident that with this blade in hand, a deeper floor was the floor more suited to my strength level. Not a single enemy attack had landed on me so far, so it was only natural to think that. I was almost certainly safe to keep diving deeper and deeper.</p>

      <p>As I was comfortably making my way through the rainbow-colored corridors, a grasping arm suddenly emerged from the wall. I’d detected the arm as it was beginning to grow into being through <em>Dimension</em>, so I instantly distanced myself, running to where the arm couldn’t get at me. While I hadn’t seen anything like it happen before, I wasn’t surprised. It was a kind of snare that popped up in dungeons in RPGs all the time. At the level I was at now, a surprise attack of <em>that</em> caliber would never so much as graze me. The arm swiped at thin air, its prey now too distant. It kept emerging, and a color-swapped version of the Crystal Golem stepped out from inside the wall.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Rainbow Golem: Rank 27</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I concluded that it was the same type of monster as the Poison Salamanders of Floor 24, in that it always sought to ambush its victims, fighting using the topography to its advantage. I held my sword at the ready and approached it. I wanted to steamroll it through a flurry attack before it could return into the wall. The blade tore through its body without resistance, and I sliced it into pieces. From the look of it, this sword cut through the monsters of Floor 28 like butter too.</p>

      <p>As I made mincemeat out of the Rainbow Golem, I could sense my thinking regarding equipment change in real time. Until now, I thought it’d be quicker to level grind rather than fuss over equipment, but that wasn’t the case when I was up against special varieties of monsters on the deeper floors. Preparing weapons that were effective against the enemy’s specific characteristics boosted the efficiency of my dives many times over. Case in point, the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword, a weapon suited to slaying crystal, rent the Rainbow Golem asunder.</p>

      <p>However, its dismembered form wriggled softly like clay, without turning into light and fading away. Unlike a Crystal Golem, this thing was weirdly tenacious. I thoroughly chopped it up, turning it into a magic gem to pick up before resuming my dive.</p>

      <p>As I didn’t like the idea of getting surprise attacked again, I put my hand to the wall and attempted to expand <em>Dimension</em>, but my magic energy refused to permeate the wall’s interior. I knew that all matter had permeable gaps, yet my magic power wouldn’t enter this wall. I’d thought that since I’d successfully gotten <em>Dimension</em> to look inside lava, this might work too, but it seemed things wouldn’t go quite that smoothly for me. Apparently, the degree to which <em>Dimension</em> could grasp a substance or phenomenon had to do with how deeply I comprehended it. For some reason, my understanding of lava and fire and the like was now profound. I didn’t know when I’d gained such an understanding, but the heat of Floors 24 and 25 felt like no threat to me. In my mind, it was a phenomenon I could deal with. In contrast, the mineral in this wall lay beyond my current comprehension. My knowledge of the world I came from told me nothing about it. What were its components? What was its molecular structure? By what logic did it exist? I had no idea. And because of that, <em>Dimension</em> couldn’t spread into it.</p>

      <p><em>I might wanna ask Mr. Alibers about the mineral once I’m back. If I learn about its properties and special qualities, there’s a chance I can make </em>Dimension<em> permeate the stuff.</em></p>

      <p>I cut specimens out of the walls and collected them as I proceeded. Souvenir for Mr. Alibers. In that time, I kept getting attacked by Rainbow Golem after Rainbow Golem. They were tricky about it too. They’d try grasping at my feet with countless hands, or falling down on me from the ceiling, but they still weren’t a threat to me. I always caught the moment the monster came out of the wall via <em>Dimension</em>, and the golems were simply too slow to ever even touch me. I’d gotten past the point where Floor 28 could pose a challenge. Utterly unobstructed, I eventually spotted the stairs leading to Floor 29 and descended without hesitation.</p>

      <p>The whole new world that lay before me threw me for a loop. Floor 29 boasted a unique trait that I hadn’t seen before this point. Some of the corridors on prior floors had special terrain, sure, but the floors still had discrete paths to follow, the only exceptions being the Guardian chambers of Floor 10 and Floor 20. This floor, however, was a wide-open space without any corridors, despite not being a Guardian’s room. In addition, the ground was sand, not stone. It seemed that in order to clear Floor 29, one had to walk across a blanket of sand that sparkled with the colors of the rainbow.</p>

      <p>“If possible, I wanna find the staircase to Floor 30 and then dip for the day.”</p>

      <p>Ever vigilant, I started proceeding across the sand; it was so soft that it was hard to walk on, which made putting one’s back into an attack a difficult proposition. A diver whose attacks revolved around magic, on the other hand, probably wouldn’t have a rough time here. But crying over what I couldn’t have wouldn’t get me anywhere. My only recourse was to keep on forging ahead.</p>

      <p><em>Dimension</em> spotted a lone monster, so I triggered an encounter as an experiment.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Jewelfish: Rank 29</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>A gigantic and very colorful fish was swimming in the rainbow sea of sand. It gradually picked up speed before leaping toward me, fangs glinting. I wrenched myself out of the way and dodged its jaws. Though I’d managed to evade it, its final velocity surprised me. All of the crystal-type monsters before this thing had been so slow in comparison. Its sheer speed reminded me of the Rio Eagles of Floor 22. If I didn’t play my cards right, this fish would reach speeds even faster than those birds. I instantaneously selected the spell that this called for.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Blizzardmension</em>. Load.”</p>

      <p>I finished crafting the spell, compressing it, and hiding it in the monster’s body so that I could spring the spell on a dime. It wasn’t time to activate it yet. <em>Blizzardmension</em> required a lot of fuel. Keeping it active for twenty or thirty seconds would be all it took to render me unable to fight. I’d only run it for a second—no, half a second.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension</em>.”</p>

      <p>I deployed the hiemal barrier and got a read on the Jewelfish’s motion while at the same time raising the cold in my environs. The fish swam around in the surrounding sand, continuing to watch for a moment to strike. And the moment it moved behind me, it pounced.</p>

      <p>“Release.”</p>

      <p>A circumference of fifty centimeters laterally from its body. That was the space <em>Blizzardmension</em> suffused. When the fish entered the barrier, its momentum was slowed down and weakened. Then, due to the high-density dimension-element magic energy, I was granted a colossal amount of information. I now grasped how much the fish moved in 0.01-second increments. My bead on its location was flawless. And that wasn’t where <em>Blizzardmension</em>’s intelligence-gathering abilities ended. I was perceiving it down to the friction of its muscle tissues, which meant I knew where it was tensed up or not. Its posture, its center of gravity, where it was flexing its body—I grasped it all, and I calculated, predicting its next movements. All that remained was to place my sword where I knew it’d go. And since it’d been slowed down, the fish had no means of evading the blade. A second later, it was flying through the air—filleted in two. It fell to the ground a ways away and turned into light, fading into nothing.</p>

      <p>“Phew...”</p>

      <p>I held my head as I went to pick up its gem drop. In all honesty, this spell’s fuel consumption was horrendous. However, I also figured the spell could improve drastically depending on how I used it. The main issue was all the pointless information overload, as with the previous battle. I hadn’t needed that much just to pare a fish. If I’d robbed it of a little bit of its speed and if I’d gotten just a little bit of locational information on it, I could have beaten it without wasting so much MP. But since I didn’t know how to adjust the strength of the spell, I’d ended up grasping the movement of the monster down to the tensing of its muscle tissues. Moreover, the duration of the spell had simply lasted too many seconds. I still had a ton to contemplate.</p>

      <p>“If I could just control it...”</p>

      <p>I aimed to reduce the usage duration and to collect only enough information to ascertain the enemy’s line of sight. Maybe that way, using the spell wouldn’t give me such a headache.</p>

      <p>The moment I tried to pick up the magic gem while calculating how much MP I’d lost, my right foot was dragged into the sand.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!”</p>

      <p>My leg threatened to sink into the ground as though I’d stepped into a pitfall. I put my strength into my left leg and managed to break free of it. I gave up on the gem and expanded <em>Dimension</em> into the sands beneath me. Needless to say, it was hard for <em>Dimension</em> to penetrate the sand. But it wasn’t like high-density objects like walls. The gaps in the sandy ground were wide, and by sticking my magic energy into those gaps, I could search for the enemy, albeit only with a rough idea.</p>

      <p>I found a monster at the bottom of the sand.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Eddy Anchor: Rank 29</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>At first, it looked like a giant spider in shape, but I reassessed right away. With a name like that, this was no spider. It was more akin to an antlion.</p>

      <p>I didn’t know how to fight this enemy; I just put my strength into my legs in order to keep away from it. However, the soft sand on the ground sank in, so I couldn’t move very nimbly. The sand under my feet was acting strangely.</p>

      <p><em>Dimension</em> informed me what was going on. The Eddy Anchor was manipulating the sand and trying to drag me under. I lost my balance, landing on my hands and feet. At this rate, I’d get sucked in with the flow of the sand right where it was.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Layered Dimension</em>.”</p>

      <p>I aggregated information about the sand that touched my feet. The softness, the flow, and the nature of the sand, and so on. Next, I checked to see if there was anything I could make use of in the vicinity. Unfortunately, there was nothing in a hundred-meter circumference but flowing sand. I did spot another Eddy Anchor in the distance, but it was too far away to affect the current situation. I examined the antlion that was trying to suck me in. It was employing its six legs and magic energy to command the sand, opening its gaping maw and waiting for prey to enter. Its carapace resembled crystal, and it seemed very hard.</p>

      <p><em>In that case!</em> “Spellcast: <em>Freeze!</em>”</p>

      <p>I took some water from my inventory and sprinkled it on the sand, activating my ice spell at the same time. This was to harden the sand. Now, I had a foothold to work with, albeit only for a short span. I stepped through the frozen foothold, escaped from the sand, and leaped into the air right above the Eddy Anchor. The moment I took to the air, I launched my sword straight down with all my might. The sword cut through the sand, getting sucked into the monster’s maw and drawing a spurt of blood. I landed in the distance and checked the enemy’s condition using <em>Dimension</em>. Right then, the Eddy Anchor was turning into light and fading away.</p>

      <p>“Phew.”</p>

      <p>I started thinking about how to retrieve my sword and gem drop—but an unexpected turn of events put a damper on that. The sand hadn’t stopped shifting. Even though the Eddy Anchor, the one ostensibly manipulating it, had disappeared, it was still sucking me in. In fact, the suction had only strengthened. A whirlpool had formed on the ground. I expanded <em>Dimension</em> into the ground again, looking for a cause.</p>

      <p>And then I spotted it: the hole at the bottom of Floor 29. It seemed to be connected to the floor under it. The Eddy Anchor that had plugged up the hole was no longer there, and now the sand was falling down with great force. The ever-intensifying vortex caught my feet. At this rate, I would get sucked down to the thirtieth floor and fall from its ceiling.</p>

      <p>I was of two minds. Should I fall or should I flee? If I put my mind to escaping, I could just make another frozen foothold with some water and <em>Freeze</em>. But if I did that, I’d be abandoning the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword that had fallen through the hole.</p>

      <p>Of course, weapons were consumable goods. My life wasn’t as replaceable. If I just hunted another Line Skitter, I could obtain more Crescent Pectolazri to forge a second sword. Nonetheless, losing the work of art that Mr. Alibers had poured his soul into after a single day would make me feel like a dog. Besides, losing the sword here would put my diving plans substantially behind. My life was more precious, yes...but still, it’d be such a waste.</p>

      <p>I probably wouldn’t take any fall damage. I’d be falling onto soft sand, and my body was made of tough stuff now. What I was worried about was plunging into Floor 30 by myself. The plan had been to take on the Guardian alongside Snow.</p>

      <p>“Urgh...”</p>

      <p>To be frank, I was pretty sure I could defeat the Guardian. Ever since I’d first come to this world, I’d never truly struggled in a fight, and that fact gave me confidence. It could be the case that the chances were higher than not that I could beat it easily by myself.</p>

      <p>“And if that’s so...”</p>

      <p>Then I had to prioritize the sword.</p>

      <p>I was particularly confident regarding my speed. I’d have no trouble running away, since I was by myself. If I found myself in the slightest pickle, I could just take to my heels.</p>

      <p>“...guess I’ll go grab it.”</p>

      <p>I took a deep breath to fill my lungs before steeling my resolve and diving into the sand myself. I swam, pushing my way through, and spotted the hole at the bottom of Floor 29. Of course, my eyes weren’t open. I was relying on <em>Dimension</em>. And then, I passed through the hole and fell down into Floor 30.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>I landed on the ground and immediately scanned the floor. The chamber was breathtaking. Flower blooms that gleamed in rainbow colors stood on the sandy ground, and countless crystal pillars that shone equally colorfully were standing side by side. There were also a great number of colorful stalactites hanging from the ceiling. Floor 30 reminded me of a limestone cave. That being said, the shining prismatic minerals intimated that this was no ordinary limestone cave. It resembled Floors 28 and 29. Or perhaps it was the other way around, and Floors 28 and 29 were the way they were due to this floor’s influence. Floor 30 was <em>complete</em> enough, comparatively speaking, to give that impression.</p>

      <p>I picked up my sword and walked through the chamber. The flowers made a cracking noise as I tread upon them. The sensation on the soles of my feet told me they weren’t vegetation but pure rock. After a few seconds of trampling the beautiful blossoms, I spotted a shadowy figure ahead. And if I guessed right, it was...<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【TRIGESIMAL GUARDIAN】Thief of Earth’s Essence</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“The Guardian of Floor 30?”</p>

      <p>In response, the figure turned toward me. It was a young man with dull chestnut hair. He was wearing old clothes with frayed hems, and his eyes looked oh so tired. They were a purplish gray, a blue-black color, and what really stood out were the dark circles under them. He looked a little bit older than me, maybe; about as old as a college student in my world.</p>

      <p>The young man put a hand to his forehead; he began to look puzzled. “Yeah. Yeah, that’s right. I’m a Guardian. I know that. Of that, there can be no doubt. But I made a promise to that guy...and then...and then!”</p>

      <p>This guy hardly looked like a monster. Could he really be a Guardian? Really? He seemed all mixed up. From what people had told me, the Guardian came into existence when a diver first entered its floor. I didn’t know how it worked, but if it was akin to a sudden summoning, I didn’t blame him for being in a state of confusion.</p>

      <p>He kept talking to himself, his empty eyes wandering around as he strove to grasp his situation. “And then?! What happened to me after? Oh. Oh, right. I think I joined together with that dumbass and got swallowed?!”</p>

      <p>His eyes snapped wide and he crouched down. That instant, a giant black sickle whooshed over his head.</p>

      <p>“So close!” came a voice tinged with glee.</p>

      <p>Yet another figure had appeared from out of nowhere, and this one didn’t look like a monster either. The bearer of the scythe was a very young and stark-naked little girl with brown skin and body-length black hair, no taller than a grade schooler, and she was floating in the air. The blade was around two meters in length, and it was made of amorphous darkness. Lastly, her crimson eyes were brimming with the urge to kill. Everything about her was abnormal, most of all my inability to gain any information on her despite using Analyze.</p>

      <p>She clicked her tongue, but she still seemed to be having a ball as she swung at the guy a second time. He groaned, no longer looking so puzzled.</p>

      <p>“Oh! I get it now! Dammit, so that’s how it happened?!”</p>

      <p>He put up his dukes, keeping an eye on his surroundings while he dodged her death stroke. In the midst of that, our eyes met again.</p>

      <p>“It’s too dangerous here!” he shouted to me. “You’ve gotta run!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh?!” I had no idea what was going on. I never would’ve dreamed that when I reached Floor 30, the Guardian would be urging me to flee. Nor could I have predicted in a million years that he’d ignore me and start engaging in combat with a little girl.</p>

      <p>“Reaper’s too dangerous! I, Lorwen, Thief of Earth’s Essence, will keep her occupied, so use this chance to run!”</p>

      <p>“Reaper”? As in, the Grim Reaper?</p>

      <p>Judging by his expression, he truly was worried about my safety. But I stayed in that spot, at a loss over what to do. So long as he was a Guardian, he was my enemy, and I was supposed to take him down. And yet...Mr. Lorwen was just too human. And this was way different from what I’d pictured beforehand.</p>

      <p>The girl looked as troubled as I did. “Hey, something’s off!” she cried. “Lorwen, something’s not right!”</p>

      <p>Even as she said that, she didn’t stay her hand against him. She was still trying to take his head.</p>

      <p>“Of course!” he replied as he kept dodging her high-speed scythe. “It’s all already over! That fight is over! Your caster-mage is dead! Which means you’ve got no reason to attack me anymore!”</p>

      <p>“What?! No, that can’t be! Don’t say such mean things, Lorwen!”</p>

      <p>“If you keep moving, you’ll stop being able to maintain your bodily form!” He dodged her sickle by a hair’s breadth and grabbed her arm before flinging her away.</p>

      <p>Watching from afar, I could see the clear gap in strength. While the girl moved fast, her attacks were repetitive and lacked any guile. Mr. Lorwen’s movements, on the other hand, were polished. There was a yawning chasm between their skill levels. Her scythe would never reach him.</p>

      <p>She clutched her throat and groaned dolorously. Based on appearances, it looked like she wasn’t getting enough air.</p>

      <p>“Urgh...it hurts...”</p>

      <p>“See?! Your magic energy keeps leaking without getting replenished, and that’s what happens!”</p>

      <p>She glared at him, then smiled faintly and muttered, “No... No, I can still fight. I’m still alive... It’s not over yet!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, don’t tell me—”</p>

      <p>Sensing she was doing something out of the ordinary, Mr. Lorwen extended his arms in order to hold her off. The girl’s body immediately warped into a black mist and melted into thin air. I’d only been able to notice thanks to <em>Dimension</em> being up and running. She had turned her whole body into magic energy and merged with the energy in the air. Then the energy that she now was moved behind me.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>