<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>She nodded slightly. “Sure.”</p>

      <p>She took me outside, while at the same time Lorwen and Reaper headed for the final qualifying round. A large horse-drawn carriage was waiting outside...or at least, something like one. Its make was slightly different from the carriages in my world.</p>

      <p>An elderly chamberlain came out from inside and bowed. “Young Madam Snow...this way, please.”</p>

      <p>I imagined he must be a chamberlain of the House of Walker. It looked like we’d be riding this carriage all the way to the venue, a Laoravian castle. We boarded as the chamberlain indicated and headed for the urban center. The carriage’s interior decoration was opulent and dazzling; one could very much tell just how high-status the clan that owned it was. No wonder the Walker family was considered one of this landmass’s Four Great Noble Houses.</p>

      <p>In the time I’d been soaking in the carriage, we arrived at our destination, one of the country’s many famous castles. Even the local royals had made the trip here today, and for that reason, security was strict. The rows and rows of soldiers checked our identities over and over as we passed by. Then, when we reached the castle garden, we were dropped off.</p>

      <p>“I bid you a good day, Madam Snow, Master Aikawa.” The chamberlain bowed and sent us on our way. It seemed he wouldn’t be accompanying us.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Kanami, let’s go.” After thanking the chamberlain, Snow walked toward the castle.</p>

      <p>I’d decided to do whatever she told me to do for the rest of the day, so I nodded and followed behind her, strolling past the colossal garden that one might mistake for a botanical garden, through the gates that even an elephant could cross comfortably, and toward the great hall where the ball was being held. And then, at last, the doors to that great hall opened.</p>

      <p>A world of splendor lay before my eyes. The ceiling was extremely high, and countless silvery-white chandeliers hung down from it. From all the performers holding musical instruments in the back, it was clear that this was a sort of concert hall. A huge windowpane lay on each of the massive hall’s walls. Each was elaborately designed, raising the value of the whole space. It was no different from the ballrooms you saw in books and media, being exactly what you might expect from a hall for nobility. In fact, I was a little relieved that it was just as I’d pictured.</p>

      <p>When Snow and I entered the hall, we drew some of the eyes of the crowd of people waiting and chatting inside. Some among them came right to us. Snow moved to a corner of the space as she greeted them with her flawless fake smile. It was so perfect that it offered a glimpse into how deeply experienced she was.</p>

      <p>A man bowed, then spoke to Snow, with other people waiting behind them. Maybe it was polite to wait one’s turn to call out to someone.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Madam Snow Walker. As of late, you haven’t been turning up at very many events of this nature. Do you know how many people were worried about you?”</p>

      <p>“Long time no see. Since I have been devoting myself to my studies at Eltraliew Academy, I regrettably haven’t had much chance to join. If I’ve worried anyone, allow me to express my apologies.”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, I’m simply relieved to see you so hale and healthy, madam. If it’s due to your studies, it can’t be helped. I must say, though—as a scioness of the most honorable House of Walker, you must be excelling academically. May I ask you about your school life?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, of course.”</p>

      <p>Thanks to <em>Dimension</em>, I understood that the man was trying to force a friendly and intimate atmosphere amid the thick soup of tension. I could surmise that he felt a fearful, reverential awe for the Walker family’s status, but he also wanted to cozy up to them somehow.</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, I had come to understand the subtleties of such emotions via <em>Dimension</em>. Recently, it seemed that due to my many practice sessions with Lorwen, <em>Dimension</em> had me a bit <em>too</em> hyperaware. I had to keep it a little more subdued outside of combat or Dungeon diving. It was like having a lie detector activated inside my head at all times.</p>

      <p>I watched their conversation play out from behind Snow. The man was evidently the head of a powerful merchant clan in Laoravia and seemed to have come to deepen his ties and friendship with the Walker Clan. He casually slipped in talk of a deal with the Walkers in the otherwise trifling chitchat, and whenever he got the chance, he tried to nail down assurances of profitable business negotiations. I committed the conversation to memory for future reference. And then, when the everyday-life topics of conversation ran their course, the man’s eyes turned to me.</p>

      <p>“And who may this gentleman be? It’s rare to see a person of your stature bring a guard along, madam.”</p>

      <p>The man had me confused for a guards-knight. While I’d been careful about my appearance to an extent, it seemed I hadn’t dressed quite fancily enough to be taken for the head of an organization. Since I wasn’t super confident in my speaking skills, I kept my introduction short.</p>

      <p>“My name is Aikawa Kanami. I work for the Laoravian government through the guild Epic Seeker. It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”</p>

      <p>“My word! Please forgive my rudeness. Allow me to introduce myself. I am the Lord of the House of Talua, Korner Talua. Did you say Epic Seeker? As in the famed—”</p>

      <p>“Yes, he is the <em>guildmaster</em> of Epic Seeker,” said Snow, “a guild directly under the Laoravian government.”</p>

      <p>“Heavens, I knew it! So you’re the rumored hero!”</p>

      <p>I smiled a little. “Wait, ‘hero’?” It seemed my reputation had reached frightening heights.</p>

      <p>“I have been hearing the rumors for some time now, Master Aikawa Kanami. I heard that the Lord of the House of Regacy, Sir Palinchron, acknowledges your talent and so you have become Guildmaster of Epic Seeker!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, yes, that’s right...”</p>

      <p>The man had started speaking so spiritedly that I found myself taking a step back. But Snow’s smile was demanding that I stay and listen, so I couldn’t run away. He sang the praises of Epic Seeker’s recent successes at length, complimenting me on my work every chance he got. Clearly, he was trying to curry favor and score some kind of business deal. I tried to keep my replies ambiguous, checking Snow’s expression from time to time and making judicious use of the occasional interjection to show I was paying attention. When the topic of all things guild-related was exhausted, the man shook my hand. I could feel a piece of hard metal in his palm. Through <em>Dimension</em>, I could tell it was a gold coin.</p>

      <p>“This is a token of our merchant house’s sincerity and our regard for Epic Seeker. From one man who supports Laoravia to another, I’m wishing you and yours the best.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, oh no, I couldn’t—”</p>

      <p>“Take it, Kanami,” Snow admonished me by way of the earring in my left ear. “It’d offend him.”</p>

      <p>The earring contained a magic gem. I’d put it on so that she could give me advice at any time. Thanks to her vibration magic, Snow could get by with whispering and I would still hear her loud and clear.</p>

      <p>“I... I’ll graciously accept it. It’s thanks to the generosity of the Merchant House of Talua that Epic Seeker will be able to keep making great strides in Laoravia going forward. I thank you for your kind consideration.”</p>

      <p>I softened my expression as much as I could so that my words of gratitude came across as genuine. The man nodded, satisfied, before leaving. Now, I’d been saddled with a debt of gratitude to him. And that was from a single chance encounter with someone I didn’t even really like. The horror of it sent chills down my spine.</p>

      <p>Before the next person approached me, I asked a question. “Snow...is it just a never-ending train of them?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. For a hero, this is an everyday occurrence.”</p>

      <p>“If at all possible, I’d like to avoid becoming indebted to any more of his ilk.”</p>

      <p>“If you deny them, you’re just swapping debts of gratitude for grudges. If word gets around that the hero gave them the cold shoulder, things’ll get ugly fast. I wouldn’t recommend it. This is just another aspect of your job, so suck it up.”</p>

      <p>“This is in the job description?”</p>

      <p>“There are cases where just by giving one’s salutations, they can net upwards of a thousand pieces of gold. And there are cases where making one person’s acquaintance expands your network of connections by a thousand. Not to mention the cases where shaking on one contract saves a thousand lives on the battlefield. It’s worthwhile work if you want to contribute to Laoravia.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know much about economics, but I was able to appreciate what Snow was saying, if only vaguely. And because I understood her point, I could only remain silent. In the end, the existence of a “hero” was a matter of national interest. They were trying to lionize me for that reason, and they didn’t mind that I was a newcomer.</p>

      <p>I tallied the profits I’d made over a few minutes of chatting and my face stiffened. It was enough of a fortune to be able to pay off Maria’s medical expenses, which had been my goal from the outset. I knew the money wasn’t for personal use, but the excessive amounts I’d earned still left me in a cold sweat. I was worried I’d passed a point of no return without even realizing it.</p>

      <p>Another caller was approaching me and Snow. We pasted smiles onto our faces, but when I saw the line of people waiting in the back, my smile stiffened. This conga line was what Snow and I had to negotiate, and just picturing all that wasted time made me depressed. But I couldn’t let it show, lest I failed to display courtesy to our present company.</p>

      <p>I heaved a deep sigh; now I knew that this ball was the roughest part of the work I did for Epic Seeker. We kept greeting and repeating throughout this mind-numbing chore of an outing, the fake smiles remaining on our faces the entire time. But our efforts did bear fruit—several hours later, the line of schmoozers had come to an end at long last. We took a break, looking at each other.</p>

      <p>“I finally get to breathe,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Nope, there’s still more, Kanami,” she replied, crushing my hope before walking toward the center of the great hall.</p>

      <p>Since I couldn’t deal with any potential unforeseen situations without her, I had no choice but to follow. On our way to the center, a lady I wasn’t familiar with started talking to her.</p>

      <p>“Madam Snow...this way.”</p>

      <p>“I’m aware.” Snow nodded lightly and followed her. She spoke to me under her breath. “Now I’m gonna talk to people from my clan. You don’t have to do anything.”</p>

      <p>I nodded wordlessly. When it came to a clan as high-status as one of the four leading houses, I honestly didn’t want to do or say anything.</p>

      <p>On the way to the center of the hall, I spotted a particularly large crowd. And the person at the center of that crowd was most likely...</p>

      <p>“Long time no see...honorable mother-in-law.”</p>

      <p>Snow had called the young woman her mother-in-law, which made sense since she didn’t look anything like her. The woman sported glossy blonde hair, her eyes were sharp like a hawk’s, and her look and feel were pompous and showy. The dresses the two were wearing closely resembled each other, but apart from that, they looked like total opposites to me.</p>

      <p>“If it isn’t little Miss Snow,” she said, her words at once gentle and forceful. “Starting this year, I hear your name brought up a fair bit. It seems you haven’t forgotten what I told you.”</p>

      <p>“Of course. It’s my pleasure to dedicate my all to the House of Walker.”</p>

      <p>“Very good. That is your raison d’être, and you would do well not to misunderstand it.”</p>

      <p>And with that, the mother-daughter conversation was already over. Snow’s mother-in-law immediately turned her back, as if to say she had fulfilled her obligation to trade some words of greeting.</p>

      <p>Was the greeting with her clan over and done with now? Sure, it certainly helped me if it didn’t turn into a big to-do, but that was way too cold and curt.</p>

      <p>But Snow wasn’t ready to end the conversation there. “If... If I may have another second of your time, madam!” she pleaded. “It’s about my engagement. As you know, I’m making a name for myself through my guild activities. And I’m confident that I will achieve great things through Epic Seeker going forward. Do you plan to hasten the wedding ceremony regardless?”</p>

      <p>“I do,” she said coldheartedly. “You earned prestige through one guild. That’s not enough to change anything.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, ma’am...I understand,” said Snow, eyes downcast.</p>

      <p>The two Walkers left each other’s sides. The distance between them was longer than the eye could see; to Snow, her mother-in-law might as well have been leagues away.</p>

      <p>Now alone, Snow put on another smile and scanned the surroundings. “I guess it’ll take Glenn a bit longer,” she muttered as she watched a crowd in the distance. She walked back over to me. Her gait seemed so enervated.</p>

      <p>“Snow, do you not wanna get married?” I asked her quietly.</p>

      <p>“If I had to say, probably not.” She didn’t deny it. But she didn’t make her desires clear one way or the other either.</p>

      <p>“That’s kinda vague.”</p>

      <p>“If I’m not vague enough, it turns into a big deal. There’s even the distinct possibility that there’d be no recovering from the fallout. I’ve got no choice but to be vague.”</p>

      <p>I did remember all the pains she had taken to make sure the House of Siddark didn’t feel slighted back during that one Dungeon dive. It seemed she was tied down by a cluster of high-society shackles.</p>

      <p>“Even so, I think you should be clearer about how you feel...or is that just me being ignorant of the ways of the world?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. You really don’t know how the world works, Kanami. But I think you’re probably right <em>because</em> you don’t. It’s just, it’s not that easy for me. Making my own choices scares me. Taking on responsibility scares me. Making mistakes scares me. So there’s nothing to be done about it.”</p>

      <p>She was shivering, a brooding, fearful look on her face. This wasn’t the aloof Snow I was used to. That naked frailty reminded me of that time in the Dungeon we had helped Mr. Siddark construct those ley lines.</p>

      <p><em>Dimension </em>gave me a window into Snow’s state of mind. There was no mistaking it. When she was up against a wall, she was truly this emotionally weak. Which meant that the aloofness of the Snow I knew was merely a facade. Her force of will was remarkably weak, even among girls her age. As a consequence, she couldn’t even express what she actually wanted to her mother-in-law. Afraid of the responsibility that came with deciding things for herself, she was chronically unable to make choices. She was simply drifting with the current.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha. It can’t be helped. I’ll just resign myself to it.”</p>

      <p>Snow smiled darkly and abandoned all hope. That was the easiest thing to do, so she did it. She simply accepted her lot. It was then that I finally understood this girl’s whole way of life. What before had been a vague hunch turned concrete. Snow Walker had given up on everything there was to life. She thought only about drifting on the path of least resistance. Her bizarrely weak spirit left any and all decisions to other people. And that came out in full force whenever she dealt with the rich and powerful in particular. When she dove with Elmirahd Siddark and when she came face-to-face with her mother-in-law, her facade had crumbled.</p>

      <p>As a member of the Walker clan, she was in a unique and special position, and yet her heart was disproportionately fragile. It was those two factors combined that had given rise to the Snow of today. She merely kept up appearances, never making any actual choices. She did whatever was easiest.</p>

      <p>I reached out to touch her, but then—</p>

      <p>“Hmph. Fancy seeing you in a place like this, oh rival of mine. If it isn’t the guildmaster of Epic Seeker, Aikawa Kanami.”</p>

      <p>A pest of a man had entered the picture, and I knitted my brows slightly.</p>

      <p>“Hello, Mr. Siddark,” I stammered.</p>

      <p>Elmirahd Siddark, of all people, appearing <em>now</em>, of all times?</p>

      <p>He sighed. “You never change, do you? If you don’t give as good as you get, it really deflates the fun of our rivalry.”</p>

      <p>“I’d like you to understand how significant it’d be if I <em>were</em> to make spiteful comments back at you.”</p>

      <p>“I do understand,” he said exasperatedly. “That’s why I said it. It’s up to you how to interpret that.”</p>

      <p>Was he admitting to setting up a trap for me? Or did he just want to trade some barbs with me for the simple joy of it? I detected less hostility from him than I’d been expecting. Maybe if I did as he said and clapped back at him, he’d receive it more favorably.</p>

      <p>While I was standing there mulling it over with a frown, he smiled faintly and drew nearer to Snow.</p>

      <p>“Sorry I didn’t say hi earlier, Snow. How did your chat with mother go?”</p>

      <p>Snow managed to recreate her airtight smile. “How do you do, Lord Siddark? My chat with her went...without a hitch.”</p>

      <p>“I’m happy to hear that. Things progressing without a hitch can’t be a bad thing.”</p>

      <p>“Yes... Yes, of course.”</p>

      <p>But having seen what she was like right before he’d come along, I was worried to death. She was excellent at putting up a front. I knew that behind that smile, she was feeling quite powerless. Yet I still didn’t have the influence or prestige necessary to interrupt an interaction between members of the leading noble houses.</p>

      <p>“Ah, let me introduce this gentleman. This is Sir Kyne of the House of Cofelt so famous for seaborne trade.”</p>

      <p>Just like that, the schmoozing with merchants began anew. This being another of my work tasks notwithstanding, I was getting sick and tired of it. I didn’t want to sit through a second round of this torture, and Snow seemed much the same—I hadn’t failed to notice her eyebrow twitch.</p>

      <p>The man took a step forward and bowed to her. “It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance, I deal in spices in Greeard to the south, and...”</p>

      <p>I got a bad feeling, and I looked behind the man. Naturally, a whole new line of people had formed to survey our situation. Worst-case scenario, there would be even more of these schmucks than before.</p>

      <p>Snow and I greeted the man who was introducing himself, hiding our inner horror all the while. We ended up meeting not just merchants, but also nobles from other countries. These were nobles from all over the land who were rising in status, as well as grandees from faraway, all of whom seemed to be seeking points of contact with the Walker and Siddark families. I was introduced each time as well, making it even more intolerable. And if <em>I</em> was finding it intolerable, I could only imagine the hell Snow was going through. I had no doubt that her exchange with her mother-in-law had left her in quite the state of shock. Under normal circumstances, I’d have liked to have taken her someplace nice and quiet to give her a pep talk. But with that many people standing and waiting, we had no time to relax or decompress.</p>

      <p>When the introduction conga line was finally over, and we were inches away from freedom, a new topic of conversation got airdropped onto us.</p>

      <p>“Now then, I hear that your and Madam Snow Walker’s wedding is being finalized?”</p>

      <p>Snow’s expression froze for a fleeting second, and <em>Dimension</em> wasn’t necessary for me to catch it.</p>

      <p>“Yep, you heard right. Snow has had many fiancés due to her genius, but make no mistake, she’s now tied to me and only me. Isn’t that right, Snow?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, uh, yes. Yes, that’s right,” she replied, her smile unfaltering.</p>

      <p>“Allow me to congratulate you. In that case, I must prepare a present for you from my merchant house.”</p>

      <p>The other people who had taken a step back returned to the conversation. Perhaps they’d concluded that if it was a celebration being talked about, they were within their rights to pile into the discussion. Mr. Siddark didn’t take them to task; he let it happen.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha! I will say that it’s not official quite yet, so please go easy on us for now. I will welcome your warmth when the time comes. We’ll have to wait until at least after the Brawl.” Now surrounded by merchants, all with their own motives and schemes, Snow’s expression turned darker and darker, bit by bit.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, I see. It appears I got a little ahead of myself. Please send my merchant house a notification once your engagement is formally announced. I shall send myriad congratulatory gifts in time for the wedding. Madam Snow, if there’s anything you need, please tell me now. We shall do our utmost to provide it for you.”</p>

      <p>“Er, yes, thank you... uh...”</p>

      <p>While her smile was still impeccable, her distress was apparent to me. I could no longer sit idly by.</p>

      <p>“Please wait a moment.”</p>

      <p>I spoke quietly, but my voice did carry. The people around us, traders and nobles alike, stopped what they were doing and shifted their attention to me. My stomach churned, but I figured it was too late to turn back now.</p>

      <p>“While they may be engaged, their wedding isn’t set in stone yet. Please refrain from making remarks that add to Madam Snow’s woes over something that has yet to be determined.” By saying that, I was telling the crowd to butt out.</p>

      <p>Snow was astonished. “Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” The crowd was confused.</p>

      <p>“Oho.” Mr. Siddark was impressed.</p>

      <p>“It appears Madam Snow’s not feeling well. If you could, please make way.” My wording was polite, but I was basically daunting them into compliance.</p>

      <p>I took her by the hand and strode off, and she let herself be taken away, mouth agape. The man I’d interrupted glared at me angrily, but I shrugged it off and went to a corner of the great hall and out through a door onto a balcony. I’d used <em>Dimension</em> to make sure nobody was there.</p>

      <p>It was just me and her now, under the moonlight sky and out in the cold. I took a mat out of my inventory and covered the stone bench with it before having her take a seat. Then I put a hand to her forehead.</p>

      <p>“You okay?”</p>

      <p>“I’m okay. But now everyone’s impression of you has really soured.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll bet.”</p>

      <p>“From their perspective, it’s like you trampled over their chance to make a thousand pieces of gold. And you may have tossed away a chance to earn yourself a thousand pieces of gold. Everybody is worse off.”</p>

      <p>I was ticked off. “Listen, Snow,” I replied in reproachful tones, “you are my Dungeon diving partner. How could I be swayed by questions of status or money when it comes to giving you a hand?”</p>

      <p>“I see.” That response made her very happy. “Thank you. You’re amazing, Kanami. You can do what I could never.”</p>

      <p>She had the biggest smile I’d ever seen on her. I’d warmed her heart.</p>

      <p>“Just don’t stretch yourself so thin, okay? When the going gets tough, you oughta lean on somebody for help.” The words came spilling out. I couldn’t bear to see somebody suffer in silence by themselves like Snow. I couldn’t help but think, <em>Just ask for help from somebody already.</em> And so I’d acted the way I had. I reflected on my actions, but I didn’t regret them.</p>

      <p>A light dawned in her eyes. “Oh, I see.”</p>

      <p>Her expression was like she’d found something that could soothe her heart for the first time in her life. Her cheeks were red, her eyes teary. The moonlight illuminated her beautiful long hair. The lights of the Laoravian cityscape shone beneath the night sky. Under nature’s stage lighting, she was more gorgeous than anybody else at the whole ball. From the bottom of my heart, I was happy that I’d been able to save this beautiful girl.</p>

      <p>Snow looked up at the stars and muttered those words again. “I see.”</p>

      <p>Her whisper disappeared into the night.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“Kay. I’m all right now, Kanami. I’m feeling calm.”</p>

      <p>We’d been enjoying the cool air on the balcony for a short while, and now Snow was back in business. Smiling cheerfully, she suggested we return to the great hall.</p>

      <p>I reckoned her cheeriness was genuine, so I agreed. “Gotcha. Guess we’ll head back in, then.”</p>

      <p>Just as we were about to go back, a man came out onto the balcony. “Ah, do excuse me.”</p>

      <p>He had short brown hair and a soft, bland face. His attire was top-notch even for a noble, resembling the raiments Snow was wearing. I asked her who he was with my eyes.</p>

      <p>“You look tired, Glenn.”</p>

      <p>Glenn? Her brother, Glenn?</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I am... I’m real tired. I’m <em>dead</em> tired. Augh, I wanna die.”</p>

      <p>“There may not be anybody here, but heed your words more.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right, yeah. But talking to you is the only breather I get, Miss Snow. For real.”</p>

      <p>I used Analyze right away.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Glenn Walker</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 331/342</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 92/92</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Scout</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 28</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 7.22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 8.5</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 11.7</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 13.79</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 10.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 5.26</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 2.19</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Good Luck 1.02, Dumb Luck 2.75</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Earth Magic 1.22, Weapon Combat 1.17, Seeker 1.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Hiding 1.56, Medicine Man 1.10, Pilferer 1.66</code></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>