<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“So you’re telling <em>me</em> to heighten the Walker clan’s renown? As Kanami Walker?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. If Glenn and the House of Regacy aids us and supports our marriage, marrying you isn’t some pipe dream. They can just write me off and I won’t have to marry into another clan!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, Snow, calm down a sec. I get that you’re feeling the heat, but this isn’t something we can go through with out of the blue. Getting married is no small affair. You should give it some more thought.”</p>

      <p>At the very least, it wasn’t the kind of thing you could decide on impulse.</p>

      <p>“I have thought about it. And this is the answer I reached. Marrying you <em>has</em> to be the easiest way out. And it’ll give me the most freedom! That’s why I wanna marry you!”</p>

      <p>That was the worst proposal I could possibly think of. She didn’t like me for me. She wanted to marry me purely because it was convenient.</p>

      <p>“I... I can’t. That’s just wrong. You’re saying you’d marry somebody because it gives you the easiest way out. There’s no way I could say ‘I do’ to a proposal like <em>that!”</em></p>

      <p>Of course I said no. I’d never say yes—at least not while she was acting this way. Yet it seemed Snow hadn’t been expecting that.</p>

      <p>“Wait, what? Huh?” she said, a stiff smile on her face. “You’re not... You’re not gonna...save me?”</p>

      <p>“I... I didn’t say that! But you can’t just slap me with <em>marriage</em> out of nowhere like that! Besides, I’ve got the right to choose who I wanna marry too!”</p>

      <p>Her expression turned ugly. “You can’t be serious. That’s so unfair of you! I don’t get the right to choose, but you do? That’s so unfair!”</p>

      <p>This was the first time Snow had shown me this much emotion. Reckoning that at this rate we’d reach a point of no return, I squeezed her hand back and responded in strong terms. “You can rest easy, Snow. <em>Everybody</em> has the right to choose who to marry. And if the House of Walker complains, I’ll do something about it! I promise!”</p>

      <p>I tried to ease her worries with all my heart and soul, but it wasn’t landing. She sidled up to me, tears in the corners of her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Say, Kanami...you wanna just <em>give up</em> together? If we give up, we can rest easy <em>forever</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Would you listen to me?! I’m saying there’s no <em>need</em> to ‘give up’! I’ll help you gain the freedom to make your own decisions! I have the power to do that now!”</p>

      <p>“If you wanna help me, then how about we get married? That’s the best option. Tee hee...”</p>

      <p>She was making eyes at me even though she was still teary-eyed. She was so desperate to get me to say yes that she was forcing out a giggle. This was not how I wanted to see her. Needless to say, I shook my head.</p>

      <p>“I can’t do that. What I can do is help get you into a position where you can choose who to marry freely.”</p>

      <p>“If... If I’m allowed to choose freely, I choose you! You’ll pamper me more than anybody would! You have the power to spoil even a mess like me! And there’s never been a single person like that in my whole life until now! You’re the only one who can give me the sweet life without having to walk on eggshells for the Walker clan!”</p>

      <p>She squeezed my hand tight and drew closer, but I kept quietly shaking my head. She let go and drew back, wobbling unsteadily. Then she started monologuing once more, dropping to her knees and staring at her palm.</p>

      <p>“Huh? But why? You carried <em>her</em> off with you...but you won’t do that for <em>me?</em> Why? Did I mess up <em>again?</em> It’s because it’s me, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p><em>This is NOT normal.</em> The Snow I knew would never behave this way. I used my menu-sight to check her Condition, but there was nothing there apart from light excitement. That meant this was how her heart was naturally. <em>Has she always been this weak behind her aloof facade?</em></p>

      <p>In the face of Snow’s imagination-defying brittle heart, I had no words. Mr. Glenn, however, extended a helping hand. He was used to this.</p>

      <p>“Miss Snow...I’m sorry. I sprang the idea on you so suddenly.”</p>

      <p>He supported the light-headed Snow’s body and set her down on the nearby bench. She steadied her breathing and calmed down little by little. That was brother and sister for you. This probably wasn’t the first time Mr. Glenn had seen her in such a state. Deciding I’d better leave it to him as her brother, I figured I ought to just stand back and watch.</p>

      <p>For indeed, that was all I could do. All I could do was watch in silence as she broke down crying. I couldn’t stop her from falling to pieces. And it wasn’t just her who was crumbling before my eyes at the moment. A lot was. I could practically hear my world collapsing under my feet, as if to say it wouldn’t let me maintain the crummy status quo. It was like somebody was urging me to hurry up and choose which path to follow. No, who was I kidding? “Somebody”?</p>

      <p>It was <em>him.</em></p>

      <p>It was Palinchron.</p>

      <p>Snow had started acting funny as soon she remembered whatever it was he’d told her. The only conclusion was that Palinchron had orchestrated things to end up this way a long time ago. A few days prior, I’d declared to him that I would expose his lies. But the scene before my eyes was shaking that resolve. I couldn’t take my eyes off the sight of Snow crying and trembling.</p>

      <p><em>Dammit.</em></p>

      <p>I could almost hear his voice now, calling out to me from the dark of the night. <em>If you expose the lies of Laoravia, you won’t be able to stem the tears of the girl who adores you so</em>, it threatened.</p>

      <p><em>You, your sister Maria, and that girl over there will all become </em>unhappy.<em> Are you really okay with that?</em> it whispered in my ear.</p>

      <p><em>But if you become the hero of this here Dungeon Alliance, everybody can without a doubt achieve</em> happiness, echoed his laughing voice in my head.</p>

      <p>“Palinchron!” I growled into the night, quietly enough so no one could hear. I couldn’t help it; this scene of suffering he’d engineered was too much.</p>

      <p>For some reason, I understood that this strife was the trial he’d spoken of. A while ago, he’d said I would be able to overcome “hairier trials.” And one had just begun. No—maybe it had started before. Maybe it had commenced the day I first met Snow.</p>

      <p>And something else was clear to me too: the time limit of this trial. It was the Brawl. If I didn’t decide on something before then, I’d lose to him again. I just knew it. So once again, I had to do battle with my own destiny.</p>

      <p><em>All in order to abide by that vow.</em> That was what my gut was screaming at me.</p>

      <p>The night wore on, the moon crested, and the clock struck midnight. With that, another twenty-four hours had come to a close. I had two days left until the Brawl. Two days until everything would come to a head. And I had to choose a path before that period elapsed. This time, I could <em>not</em> afford to fail—both for my own sake and the sake of the girl dissolving in tears before my eyes.</p>

      <p>I wouldn’t make the wrong choice again.</p>

      <p><em>This, I swear!</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>