<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>So this was Glenn Walker. The diver who’d been granted the title of “the strongest” within the Dungeon Alliance. His talents and Level were considerable, of course, but his stats were more lopsided than I’d been expecting. It seemed he was the type whose strong point was his battery of different skills, without engaging the enemy head-on. But honestly...if luck wasn’t on his side, then Snow could even be...</p>

      <p>Languidly, Mr. Glenn approached us. He greeted me with a friendly smile. “Nice to meet ya, kid. I’m guessing you’re Kanami of Epic Seeker?”</p>

      <p>I bowed my head deeply. “Ah, hello, nice to meet you too. I’m Aikawa Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, you’re totally different from how Palinchron painted you. Sorry, I mean that in a good way. Don’t misunderstand me, okay? I’m not bad-mouthing ya. Don’t hate me.”</p>

      <p>“Uh...huh.”</p>

      <p>To be frank, <em>he</em> was totally different from what <em>I’d</em> imagined. This guy, the hero everyone wanted to be? This guy, the strongest man alive? It was just a little surprising.</p>

      <p>After sizing me up, Mr. Glenn patted me on the shoulder with a mile-wide smile. “Oh yeah, I <em>like</em> you! You really are fantastic! I’ve been a big fan of yours since you know when. That was something else, let me tell ya. You’re a <em>true </em>hero! You’re nothing like the pathetic impostor I am!”</p>

      <p>“Glenn!” said Snow, panicking. “You can’t bring ‘you know when’ up!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah, yeah, I gotcha, Miss Snow. I...totally didn’t forget, okay? I’m not lying, I swear.”</p>

      <p>They were both around the same height; if Snow hadn’t said he was her older brother, I wouldn’t have been able to tell who was older from this exchange.</p>

      <p>Mr. Glenn cleared his throat, collected himself, and turned to face me. “In any case, I feel comfortable entrusting my little sister to you. I’m convinced after giving you a look-see and chatting with you—you’re good people. I just know you are!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, thanks.”</p>

      <p>His opinion of me was extremely high for some reason. He patted me hard on the shoulder and sang my praises. Then he clenched his fists, clearly amped up. “Until now, I haven’t been able to do much of anything for you, Miss Snow, but I can at least help out with your wedding. I’ve finally got the clout I need to do that much. I won’t let those head-household people say a peep about it either! Probably!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Help out with our wedding?” I couldn’t let <em>that</em> pass without comment.</p>

      <p>“What’re you saying? Glenn...” said Snow, who also wanted an explanation.</p>

      <p>“Wait, aren’t you two getting married?” he asked bluntly.</p>

      <p>“Uh, say what?!”</p>

      <p>“Wha?!”</p>

      <p>“Am I wrong? Because that’s what Palinchron’s been telling me this whole time. ‘I found somebody who’s worthy of being Snow’s husband. Could I ask you to use your power and act as matchmaker for them?’”</p>

      <p>His impression of Palinchron was pretty bad.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...that bastard...” I griped.</p>

      <p>Mr. Glenn was in buoyant spirits. “For what it’s worth, I’m also very much in favor of you two getting hitched. Nothing could make me happier than having you as a brother-in-law. I admire you, Kanami. Palinchron and I will endorse you as Snow Walker’s husband-to-be! Leave it to me and I’ll make sure you two can get married, no matter what!”</p>

      <p>Snow was trembling. “Nobody told me anything,” she murmured. “This... This is crazy...”</p>

      <p>“He didn’t tell me either,” I said. “That rat fink, doing whatever he damn well plea—”</p>

      <p>“He didn’t tell me, but...it’s an idea,” said Snow, mumbling to herself. “And not a bad idea at that. But wait, wouldn’t that mean...” She seemed to reach a conclusion. “Then... Then that’s...what it meant?”</p>

      <p>Just like before, she was staring at her palm with a look on her face that said she’d discovered an option she’d never known before. Neither Mr. Glenn nor I knew what conclusion she’d come to, but I couldn’t put my two cents in. Not when Snow’s expression was this nebulous, this warped.</p>

      <p>Her soliloquy continued. “So this is what he meant by ‘do what I please’? In other words, Palinchron was saying the same thing?” Little by little, her expression was turning brighter, her faltering voice gradually resonating more clearly, her speech becoming full of energy in a way that wasn’t like the Snow I knew. “Ah, I finally get it! Finally! <em>Finally!”</em></p>

      <p>Her characteristic listless diction had fallen by the wayside. It was like she’d turned into an ordinary girl. Her expression was sunny, as if she’d just shaken off some evil spirit, and she stopped staring at her palm. Mr. Glenn and I were both bewildered.</p>

      <p>“Snow...what’s wrong?” I said.</p>

      <p>“Er, uh, Miss Snow?”</p>

      <p>“Hey Kanami,” she said, a pleasant smile on her face. “Would you mind it if you married me?”</p>

      <p>That had to be the number-one heaviest question I’d ever heard in my life. Her sudden, un-Snow-like proposal had me feeling shaken.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, <em>what?!</em> Snow, what’re you talking about?!”</p>

      <p>“Think about it!” she said, gripping my hand and smiling her innocent, purehearted smile. “If we get married, it solves everything! If you fulfill all of the Walker clan obligations as my husband, it solves every little problem I’ve got!”</p>

      <p>Seeing her this doe-eyed, she was so much cuter than the languid Snow I’d known up until now that there was no comparison. But as cute as she was, this wasn’t something I could give the nod to so readily.</p>

      <p>“Walker clan obligations? What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah! Adoptees of the House of Walker have a duty to heighten the clan’s renown. If my work isn’t in the same league as Glenn’s, they won’t be satisfied with me. That they adopted me, that dragonewt scioness, isn’t enough for them... but <em>you</em> can make them satisfied with it! As a hero, you’d be strong enough!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>