<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Just imagining a scenario where both Palinchron and Mr. Rayle were absent made me grimace.</p>

      <p>“You’ll be fine,” he said lightheartedly. “Everybody knows how capable you are. And your family’s social status means that if push comes to shove, nobody can complain. As for you, Kanami, they’ve all more or less deemed you acceptable in the space of a day. Nope, there shouldn’t be any issues.”</p>

      <p>We both glared at him. It was all well and good if <em>he</em> was having fun, but getting hit with this unreasonable request was making <em>us</em> all kinds of worried.</p>

      <p>“Don’t look at me like that,” he said, taking to his heels. “I leave it all to you, Snow. Just like I promised, all you have to do is be there to support Kanami. I’ve been looking forward to you two working together for a very long time.”</p>

      <p>Then he left Snow with some parting words that were pregnant with meaning.</p>

      <p>“If you just abide by that, then you can do whatever you want after. You can go hog wild.”</p>

      <p>With that, he exited the grounds, leaving me and Snow under the dark and quiet night sky.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Using the stars as our light, Snow and I crafted spells at the training grounds. We knew now that we’d be working together for a long time, so we had decided to spend the rest of the day learning about each other’s powers.</p>

      <p>Snow put a hand on a boulder that was on the ground. The next moment, the boulder shook a little, with small fractures appearing. “This magic’s my forte,” she said languidly.</p>

      <p>She caused the already cracked boulder to shake more, then split it in half down the middle. Since I had <em>Dimension</em> up, I could tell that her magical specialty was all about vibrations<em>.</em></p>

      <p>“You’re making the boulder vibrate?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. My elements are void and fire. Plus, if I use the characteristics of my magic energy along with ancient magic, I can do something a bit more interesting.”</p>

      <p>Snow took several magic stones out from inside the breast of her clothing, charged them with magic energy, then scattered them around the immediate area. She murmured quietly, and those murmurs resounded across the grounds, piping in her voice from the magic gems like so many audio speakers: <em>“If we combine this with your magic, it’ll make for a wonder of a weapon. That’s what Palinchron told me.”</em></p>

      <p>“Wow. You’re making sound come out of the gems by controlling vibrations?”</p>

      <p><em>“Yeah. By infusing my adhesive magic energy into the magic gems, I can reproduce voices as a practical application of ancient magic. Thanks to my being able to do this, I’ve been through a lot.”</em></p>

      <p>She lightly snapped her fingers and the gems’ vibrations stopped.</p>

      <p>“Can you do it from afar too?”</p>

      <p>“I can. This is how I’ll be providing support for you. As per my promise to Palinchron.”</p>

      <p>The freakish power behind her abilities had me sweating. This world had few methods of communication. If someone wanted to contact somebody far away, they had to set up a ley line between the two points. Even then, no transmission through a ley line would be this smooth and uninterrupted. From what I remembered, ley lines were mainly for the conveyance of magic energy, and they were as yet unable to transmit audio itself. In other words, Snow was able to personally use a technology that was multiple tech-stages above anything else. In a time of carrier pigeons, she alone had a cell phone.</p>

      <p>“With this magic in our arsenal,” I said, “I’m thinking we can do all sorts of fun stuff. So you’re gonna use that to help me out?”</p>

      <p>A pause, as usual with her. “Yeah. I’ll support you.” She nodded. Her sleepy eyes opened a little bit wider, and she took a tone that impressed upon me that she meant business. “I’m going to keep my promise to Palinchron. But as per that promise, I’m gonna be free afterward. I’ll do what <em>I</em> wanna do.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, of cour—”</p>

      <p>I tried to agree, figuring she would start negotiations regarding her freedom within the guild, but then she continued with something I wasn’t expecting.</p>

      <p>“Up until recently, you called yourself not Aikawa Kanami, but Siegfried Vizzita. Most likely, your memories of that time were erased through Palinchron’s mind magic, and I’d be surprised if that bangle isn’t actually the keystone for a magic formula. You should destroy it immediately.”</p>

      <p>I was astonished, both by the name she had mentioned and the idea that my memories had been erased. “Huh? Er, uh...wha? What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“In any case, that bangle is the dodgiest thing. You weren’t wearing it back then, after all.” She sidled up to me and put a hand on it.</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on! I need this thing! I can’t be without it!” I brushed her hand away and put some distance between us. The bangle existed to stabilize my magic energy, and it also helped me to understand the language. Since I had been told more than once to have it on all times, there was no way I was going to remove it.</p>

      <p><em>That’s right—no matter what, I mustn’t remove this thing. It’s too precious to me.</em></p>

      <p>“Those’re all lies. You’re being toyed with by Palinchron too,” she said, her expression stern.</p>

      <p>I had no idea what she was saying. Toyed with? What did that mean? “Sorry, Snow. I don’t understand what you’re telling me. As such, I can’t believe it.”</p>

      <p>At that, she lowered the hand she’d stretched out to me and murmured quietly, “I see.”</p>

      <p>It was a feeble little murmur. I sensed none of the firm resolve from before. I felt bad—maybe I’d shot her down too forcefully.</p>

      <p>“Er, it’s just...this bangle is really important to me, so I can’t remove it. Plus, if you dump that kinda thing on me out of nowhere...”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. But if and when the time comes when you can believe me, destroy that bangle. I think that if you do, you’ll gain the chance to regain your true self.”</p>

      <p>Snow didn’t try to force it. She was telling me what she thought, but there was no urgency or passion on her part. Just like her namesake, her personality hardly ran hot.</p>

      <p>“I did the bare minimum required of me. I warned you...so don’t forget that.”</p>

      <p>“All right, got it.” I nodded. I had no problem with that, seeing as I could tell from her expression that she’d said it out of concern for me.</p>

      <p>She and I were still facing each other, neither of us speaking until at last Snow broke the silence.</p>

      <p>“I can’t be assed to talk any more about this. Let’s not do the checking-each-other’s-magic thing anymore after today either.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s not. Guess it’s about time to wrap this up, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Come with me. I’ll show you to your room.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah, right.”</p>

      <p>I followed after her, exiting the training grounds. Come to think of it, Palinchron hadn’t told me where I’d be staying the night. In fact, I hadn’t heard anything about what was to happen after I entered the guild. It appeared the task of explaining all that had been entrusted to Snow.</p>

      <p>On my way to my room, I asked about the stuff that was on my mind. “So, uh, who told you my name was ‘Siegfried Vizzita’?”</p>

      <p>“You did,” she said, pointing at me.</p>

      <p>But I had no such recollection. This was the first day I’d ever seen her. I hadn’t met all that many people since we’d stumbled into this world; I couldn’t imagine I would forget the faces of the few I had...not to mention how distinct this girl in particular looked.</p>

      <p>“Then do you know what the words Siegfried and Vizzita mean?”</p>

      <p>“What they mean? All I know is that it’s your name.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, all right.”</p>

      <p>Siegfried was the name of a famous folkloric hero back in my world, and Vizzita was meant to be tellingly similar to the English word visitor. The name would scream “I’m an outworlder.” But only, of course, to people like me, who knew about stuff in my world. It didn’t seem as though Snow had any inkling of that.</p>

      <p>Now I was sure there was no chance that Snow knew about my world. She’d simply heard the name “Siegfried Vizzita” from somewhere. But where? As I pondered who on earth she could have heard that name from, she came to a halt in front of a room.</p>

      <p>“We’re here.”</p>

      <p>She entered the chamber, and I followed her in. It was on the big side, with minimal furniture and only the barest signs of being lived in. For a new room prepared for me, it contained a fair amount of things, particularly small accessory-type items. It looked like a girl’s quarters.</p>

      <p>“This is my room?”</p>

      <p>“Nope, it’s mine.”</p>

      <p>Evidently, my powers of observation hadn’t failed me.</p>

      <p>“Why’d you take me to your room?”</p>

      <p>“I was told to have you sleep here. The guildmaster’s room isn’t ready yet.”</p>

      <p>“There’s... There’s no way I...” I put a hand to my head. I was pretty sure this was Palinchron’s decision, and I inwardly cursed his name.</p>

      <p>“I thought you’d say that. If you’ve got a problem with it, I’ll sleep on the roof.”</p>

      <p>“On the roof? I could never let you do that for my sake. I’ll just sleep in the hallway.”</p>

      <p>“I knew you’d say that too. I can sleep anywhere, but you’d never agree to it. Urgh, talk about a pain... Let’s compromise.”</p>

      <p>“Compromise?”</p>

      <p>Snow hadn’t been lying when she’d said this was a pain in the neck for her, because she certainly seemed put-upon as she approached. She reached out a hand and tried to touch me, but I detected a surge of abnormal magic energy from it, which caused me to take a great leap back.</p>

      <p>“What the?!”</p>

      <p>“Damn.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean, ‘damn’? You just tried to cast a spell on me, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t be assed, so I tried to catch you off guard and knock you out. But it failed. It sucks because when we first met, I was stronger than you.”</p>

      <p>Snow heaved a sigh before throwing off her bulky outerwear and rolling onto bed. She was now in her undergarments, despite my still being there. She had on something akin to a camisole, and her healthy-looking thighs were completely bare.</p>

      <p>The sheer suddenness of it made my breath catch. The girl before my eyes was a looker, and I’d thought that since we had first met. Her skin was as white as her name, and her very long blue hair flowed over it, reminding me of the horizon dividing sea and sky. Her eyes were a light pink in color, like cherry blossoms. Looking at her eyes felt like a cool breeze. All in all, she possessed the charm and allure of Mother Nature, like the quiet rolling waves of the great oceans. Most enticing of all were her proportions, which could put any model to shame. Her voluptuous breasts were the biggest out of anyone I’d met that day, and since she wasn’t wearing a silly little thing like a bra (as if that was perfectly normal), I could clearly make out their shape.</p>

      <p>She was excessively nonchalant and indifferent. I averted my eyes at once.</p>

      <p>“I’ll go sleep in the hallway. If I’ve got a roof over my head and a blanket, I’ll be fine.”</p>

      <p>“That’ll just make me feel sorry for you. At least sleep in a corner of the room.”</p>

      <p>“Tell you what, I’ll go sleep in my sister’s room. I’m sure this whole thing is just Palinchron having a laugh at my expense anyway.”</p>

      <p>“It is? You know, it might just be. In that case, you go do that. But don’t forget that I <em>did</em> follow his orders and invited you into my room. Got it?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I got it. I won’t forget... All right, goodnight, Snow.”</p>

      <p>“Yep. Goodnight.”</p>

      <p>As I exited her room, I felt a tad creeped out by how oddly understanding she was being. She never tried to push her opinion on me, and whenever things could turn into an argument, she immediately caved.</p>

      <p>I brooded over the nature of Snow Walker on my way to Maria’s room. The moonlight was pouring through the hallway windows, and I looked outside. A waning moon was hanging in the sky. It was no different from the moon in my world; it too waxed and waned. And due to that, the concepts of the calendar and time measurement were close to what I was familiar with. Put human beings under the same sky and they’ll conceive pretty similar ideas.</p>

      <p>That coincidence also creeped me out a little. Everything was crafted to such heights of perfection that it felt like I was dancing in the palm of somebody’s hand, and that was far from pleasant.</p>

      <p><em>Actually, come to think of it, today’s been nothing but uncomfortable.</em></p>

      <p>An anxiety I couldn’t describe had been lurking in the shadows behind me the whole time. The unease I’d felt this morning had never abated. Not while I was fighting, nor while I was chatting. That nagging doubt that I had something backwards. That I was forgetting something. It was a horrid sensation of offness, like I’d buttoned up my shirt wrong, and it refused to go away.</p>

      <p>This was the unpleasant feeling I was enduring as I reached my sister’s room.</p>

      <p>“Hey Maria, it’s me. I’m coming in.”</p>

      <p>“Kanami?” Her expression perked up. “Welcome back.”</p>

      <p>Even seeing my beloved baby sister was doing little to dispel the cloud inside me, but I could hardly show her some grim look on my face. I chalked it all up to my being in a different world, and then I took a kind and affectionate tone with her.</p>

      <p>“Is your headache gone, Maria?”</p>

      <p>“No. It’s gotten a little better, but there’s still this faint pain I can’t shake. Plus, I feel kind of, well, <em>strange</em>. Like there’s something I have all wrong... It feels somewhat unpleasant.”</p>

      <p>I was surprised. She was going through the same thing I was.</p>

      <p>“We’re in an unfamiliar world. It can’t be helped. For now, don’t dwell too much on it. Take it nice and easy and rest up.”</p>

      <p>“Sure.”</p>

      <p>My sister suffered from a weak constitution, so I needed to give her as much rest and relaxation as I could. I stroked her head.</p>

      <p>“Question, Maria: I haven’t got a place to sleep tonight. Mind if I use your room?”</p>

      <p>“What? Sure, of course. In fact, I’d like it if you stayed here the whole time.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Good. In that case, I’ll be borrowing that chair over there.”</p>

      <p>“That <em>chair</em>? No way! Now that you’re here, sleep in bed with me. The bed’s plenty big, and since we’re brother and sister, there’s no issue!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, but—”</p>

      <p>“Please, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>Her tone was firm, and she looked worried. It could be the case that, in truth, she wanted me to be with her because anxiety was eating her alive. We were siblings. There was nothing weird about sleeping in the same bed if it was for a sense of security. While I did get the sense that we were a bit too old to be sharing a bed, extraordinary times called for extraordinary measures, so I figured I’d close my eyes to it.</p>

      <p>“Guess I might as well.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>