<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Er, my name is Aikawa Kanami. I’m inexperienced and I don’t know my left from my right, but it’s a pleasure to meet you.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t know your left from your right, you say? Well, that’s fine.”</p>

      <p>After letting go of my hand, he instantly distanced himself physically. I could sense that I’d hurt his feelings a little. Perhaps I’d unwittingly acted rude just now. I was an outworlder, after all. There was every possibility I was being a train wreck. In order to ask whether I’d made some kind of breach of etiquette, I turned to Snow, who had a pained look on her face.</p>

      <p>“Lord Siddark?” she murmured.</p>

      <p>She’d called him a lord; clearly, this was a man of extremely high status.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Snow. You can call me El, just like at the academy.”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, this isn’t a place of study, so...”</p>

      <p>“We’re close enough, aren’t we? I don’t see any issue with it.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, understood.”</p>

      <p>They’d been classmates at their academy, it would seem. I didn’t know the proper way to interact with this important-looking guy, so I took a step back, intending to leave it to her. Mr. Siddark watched me do so without comment, but Snow shot me a reproachful look: <em>Don’t run away.</em></p>

      <p>My eyes replied, <em>Good luck</em>. I gave her a beaming smile to see where that got me.</p>

      <p>“Now then, Snow,” said Mr. Siddark, ignoring the guildmaster (i.e., me), “I’ve come to Epic Seeker today with a request. As an old-school chum, could I ask you to lend me a hand?”</p>

      <p>“A request?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. From what I’ve heard, ever since you returned, Epic Seeker’s been making an outstanding showing. In fact, I heard the guild’s been so active that it managed to finish all the tasks the government gave it in a day. And I figured I could use a hand from someone of your caliber.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, no, no, I didn’t do any—”</p>

      <p>“I know you’re a modest woman. Unlike the dimwitted among us, I’ve assessed your strength accurately. Without you, the guild wouldn’t be able to do anything like finish its work in a day’s time.”</p>

      <p>It appeared Mr. Siddark had quite the discerning eye. He could appreciate the usefulness of Snow’s power.</p>

      <p>“No, I legitimately didn’t do anything. It’s all thanks to Palinchron Regacy and the new guildmaster.”</p>

      <p>“Hm...Palinchron, I can understand. But you’re telling me that gutless man is helping too?”</p>

      <p>Gutless? I knew he was disparaging me, but I didn’t know what to say in response. As I was about to nod that I did in fact lack moxie, Snow glared at me: <em>Show him your nerve. Show him.</em></p>

      <p>But it wasn’t something you could just demonstrate on a dime. All I could do was shake my head a little. Seeing that, she pouted a tad and turned back around to face Mr. Siddark.</p>

      <p>“Kanami’s an excellent guildmaster. Without a doubt.”</p>

      <p>“Without a doubt? Color me surprised. I can’t remember the last time I saw you assert something so definitively, with how cautious you are. So you’re saying this man is <em>that</em> competent?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, seeing as he’s our guildmaster and all. More than anything, he’s also the only partner I’ve deemed worthy.”</p>

      <p>Hearing her call me her partner in no uncertain terms, especially given how taciturn she usually was, was a first. I scratched my cheek bashfully. Looking closely, I had a feeling Snow’s face was also a tiny bit red.</p>

      <p>Mr. Siddark’s expression turned displeased. “Fine, I get it. If you’re willing to go that far, Snow, then I take it the man is worth testing. And it’s convenient with regard to my request for your collaboration too.”</p>

      <p>“You want us to collaborate?”</p>

      <p>“I do. A vacancy’s opened up in the plans set forth by Laoravia today. I’d like to fill that vacancy using the guild everyone’s talking about.”</p>

      <p>“Please tell us the details of the plan.”</p>

      <p>“The plan’s a simple one. It involves doing work on the Pathway on the floors that very recently turned into mere rooms—Floors 10 and 20—by Laoravia’s hand.”</p>

      <p>“Construction work on the Pathway? So we’re putting up new barriers in the rooms that have lost their magic energy after losing their Guardians.”</p>

      <p>“You’re as perceptive as ever, Snow.”</p>

      <p>Back when the violent flames that had once characterized Floor 10 were in the way, the Pathway on that floor was the bare minimum. If I recalled correctly, it was simply a narrow ley line connecting Floors 9 and 11. From the sound of things, they were going to remake the Pathway there, constructing a proper anti-monster barrier. And the Supreme guild was requesting our help in making that happen.</p>

      <p>“Let me confer with my guildmaster.”</p>

      <p>“All right, sure, go ahead.”</p>

      <p>Snow approached me, pulling me down by the hand and, after making sure Mr. Siddark was out of earshot, stomping my foot.</p>

      <p>“Ow!”</p>

      <p>“Kanami! Why did you step back and abandon me?”</p>

      <p>“You guys are school friends, aren’t you? From where I’m standing, I was being thoughtful.”</p>

      <p>“I see. So it was the worst kind of unasked-for kindness. Next question: why didn’t you fire back?”</p>

      <p>“You mean when I said I have no moxie? That silliness? That’s not the kind of thing you respond to. I get that he’s looking down on me or whatever, but I don’t think anything of it. And it’s probably true that I haven’t got any moxie.”</p>

      <p>“You totally do, Kanami!”</p>

      <p>“I mean, I don’t really think I do.”</p>

      <p>In all my life, no one had told me I had moxie. Snow was the first person to ever do so.</p>

      <p>“Either way, we can’t let him view you with contempt. You’re Epic Seeker’s representative, so you should bite back a <em>little</em>.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not how I see it. I think snapping back because you don’t wanna get looked down on, or peacocking to save face, is a little misguided. If we show people through our actions, they’ll naturally come to understand. That’s the kind of guildmaster I wanna be.”</p>

      <p>“There you go again, being naive. Look, I just can’t bear the fact that he’s looking down on you right now!”</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” I stammered. “But doesn’t that just mean we’ll show him what for down the line?”</p>

      <p>She said nothing. It wasn’t as though she had no retort. Her expression told me she didn’t agree with that stance. She was definitely dissatisfied with my policy of placidity. She’d simply given up on trying to persuade me.</p>

      <p>“Snow, you still discussing?” said Mr. Siddark.</p>

      <p>Snow heaved a deep sigh and recovered her composure. “All right, Kanami—are we gonna help out with constructing the Pathway?”</p>

      <p>“We’ll collaborate however we’re able to. That’s the duty of the guilds of Laoravia.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.” She went back to Mr. Siddark. “It seems our guildmaster accepts your request.”</p>

      <p>“That’s good to hear. Thank you, Snow.”</p>

      <p>“Thank our guildmaster,” she replied, looking worn out. Her manner of speech was beginning to return to its usual slovenly tone.</p>

      <p>“Of course. I very much express my gratitude to the guildmaster and members of Epic Seeker. Now then, I’ll tell you all the details. We haven’t got all the time in the world.”</p>

      <p>“Please. Let’s talk inside Epic Seeker.”</p>

      <p>Snow took Mr. Siddark and his entourage inside the building. As I watched her, I was thinking about something that wasn’t work-related. <em>Looks like Snow doesn’t slack off when there’s a bigwig around. Could there be a way to make use of that for the next dive?</em></p>

      <p>Then Snow shouted for me to come too. Flustered, I hurried after them onto the Epic Seeker premises.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Our talk with Supreme ended in no time, partly because the plan was perfect from the start, but mostly because Epic Seeker didn’t have the authority to butt in with their opinion anyway. That very day, we commenced the plan to construct the Pathway, spearheaded by the Laoravian government.</p>

      <p>The group tasked with carrying out the mission gathered in front of the Dungeon, and at Mr. Siddark’s command, they swiftly crossed the threshold. The plan called for a select few participants. There was one government official, accompanied by three mages to bolster the Pathway. A handful of elites from each guild were also there as their escorts.</p>

      <p>All of the participating guilds constituted Laoravia’s flagship force, and on an individual level, those elites boasted prodigious skills—with Mr. Siddark standing atop them as the apex. Supreme was top-class in terms of clout, the power level of the individuals in it, and social standing. As such, it was only natural that he would be the one to take charge of this dive. Even the official that the government had dispatched seemed to be outclassed by him. From what I’d heard, the Siddark clan traced its lineage to the royals of Laoravia, making them nobles of prominence across all five countries of the Dungeon Alliance.</p>

      <p>“Wow, that’s really something,” I said. “So does that make him royalty? Or maybe a duke, I guess?”</p>

      <p>“Kanami, baby, how do you not even know that much?”</p>

      <p>As we advanced down the Pathway, Ms. Tayly, who was walking next to me, was dumbfounded. Three people from Epic Seeker were participating: me, Snow, and Ms. Tayly. I’d have liked to have brought Mr. Vohlzark too, but it was too sudden and he couldn’t make it in time. I was chatting with Ms. Tayly at the back of the group.</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” I replied, “I’m from the boonies, you see...”</p>

      <p>“Then it can’t be helped. I, Vohlzark, and the rest are here for you. If there’s ever anything you’d like to know, feel free to ask one of us, okay?”</p>

      <p>“You’re right. It looks like I’ll have my hands free today, so I’ll ask away.”</p>

      <p>“His hands free, he says. You realize we’re inside the Dungeon right now?”</p>

      <p>“If we’re headed to Floor 20 with members who are this strong, I don’t think it’s too out there to say I’ll be free.”</p>

      <p>“This is the Dungeon. Even with a group like this, one bad stroke of luck and people die.”</p>

      <p>“I’m always standing watch, so it’s okay. I won’t let a single person die.”</p>

      <p>“A single person... Well, you don’t have to go out of your way to save members of other guilds. With this kind of thing, it’s everyone’s own responsibility to survive.”</p>

      <p>“I get that, but...if it looks like somebody’s about to die, I’m sure my body will move of its own accord. Even if that somebody isn’t a member of Epic Seeker.”</p>

      <p>She sighed. “You’re a softie. If you do that, you’d need a lot more than just the one life you have.”</p>

      <p>“Point taken. Snow tells me that all the time too.”</p>

      <p>But that was fine by me. If I didn’t save the people it was in my power to save, I’d probably be crushed under a landslide of regret. As I’d been born and raised in a different world, I had to act in accordance with its values. I’d rescue whomever I could. I’d already steeled my resolve.</p>

      <p>The moment that crossed my mind, I was assailed by a strange sense that something was off. The sensation was as though I were confusing two things at the very base of my mind. I <em>had</em> steeled my resolve to do <em>something</em>, but was that what it was?</p>

      <p>No answer presented itself. I kept walking through the Dungeon, a little uneasy now. The people at the front were slaying the monsters, so it was easy for me. The job was essentially just a nice stroll. Incidentally, Snow was at the front of the pack; Mr. Siddark had invited her by his side. I could tell through <em>Dimension</em> she was in distress, unable to defy a person of such status.</p>

      <p>“So, what would you like to ask about, Kanami sweetheart?”</p>

      <p>“Good question. I’d like to ask you more about nobles. I didn’t know Mr. Siddark, who I met today, was such a big name. I might have shamed myself a little.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. The problem was that you didn’t know about the House of Siddark. I’ll tell you all the nobles in descending order.” She cleared her throat and switched to teacher mode. “First, there are the royals. These days, the power of the royals is starting to diminish, but even so, they’re still number one. With one exception—in Whoseyards, the church stands above. It’s the one nation where the crown is weak. They’ve got a unique system there. When you go there, it’s the church and not so much the royals you need to be careful about.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. Each country has a different culture.”</p>

      <p>“Next, you have nobles. Mind you, the only nobles who have real power are the higher-ranked ones. There are cases where mid-level nobles are lower in status than merchants or shopkeepers.”</p>

      <p>“Wow. So there are different levels among nobles too.”</p>

      <p>“One of the noble clans you need to be careful around is the aforementioned House of Siddark. It’s one of the clans people call the Four Great Houses. For the most part, it’s never a bad idea to bow your head in the presence of a Hellvilleshine, a Siddark, a Walker, or an Arrace.”</p>

      <p>“Names memorized. I won’t oppose anyone by those names.”</p>

      <p>“Good. And as such, you should be a bit kinder to Snow <em>Walker</em> as well.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Aren’t I plenty nice to her?”</p>

      <p>“It’s times like these that Snow must be wanting you to have her back and protect her. She <em>is</em> a young lady at heart.”</p>

      <p>“I am protecting her. I have <em>Dimension</em> up as we speak, so she’s safe.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I mean.” She sighed. “Never mind. Let’s keep going. I’ll tell you about the influential traders, nobles, and other powerful clans that are particularly dangerous.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Tayly was probably insinuating that I should do Snow a solid by getting her away from Mr. Siddark. I could tell at a glance that he wasn’t Snow’s favorite person. But this was one chore she couldn’t skip out on. He was too high-status. One could say this was the worst situation there could be in her eyes. However, I figured it would do her some good, so I didn’t intend to bail her out barring anything truly untoward. I was hoping it might cure her of some of her work-shyness.</p>

      <p>The group progressed across the floor as Ms. Tayly spoke to me. Maybe because we were going down the Pathway for the most part, the fights were few and far between. However, since we had more people than was standard for the Dungeon, monsters did come. I picked up on an enemy’s approach via <em>Dimension</em>. But since the monster’s rank was low and people close to Level 20 were taking care of it, I didn’t take the stage. I was just watching from afar to prevent possible accidents. Mr. Siddark, on the other hand, was constantly issuing orders to someone or other. It seemed he was the type who liked taking charge, the exact opposite of Snow. And yet, he also seemed mighty fond of her. I casually asked Ms. Tayly about it.</p>

      <p>“That’s because Snow is so weak-willed, despite her high social status. She almost never asserts herself. I’m sure that to him, pliable women hailing from respectable stock are the ideal catch.”</p>

      <p>“Snow is weak-willed? With me, she’s always grumbling about what she wants.”</p>

      <p>“Really? The Snow I know never gives it her all, always doing the bare minimum to get by without a word of protest.”</p>

      <p>“She’s more than willing to foist paperwork and stuff on me. And she’s always complaining.”</p>

      <p>“Well, what do you know...she must have a soft spot for you. She was the same way with her brother Glenn.”</p>

      <p>“She was?”</p>

      <p>“Dear me, that takes me back. When Glenny boy was in Epic Seeker, I held the lowest rank in the guild, but I can still replay the scenes of those two in my head. Picture the outstanding but timid Glenn, with Snow behind him telling him off for this and that.”</p>

      <p>“Sounds like they’re close as siblings. Snow begged to differ, but she must have just been trying to hide her embarrassment, right?”</p>

      <p>“Actually, while they <em>were</em> close, I’m not so sure about now. Both Glenn and Snow changed as people after a certain incident. If you ask me, they can’t be as close as they once were.”</p>

      <p>“A certain incident? Did something happen?”</p>

      <p>“You’ll have to ask them. If you hear it from me, it’ll put a damper on the touching drama unfolding between you two.”</p>

      <p>“The...touching drama?”</p>

      <p>And here I’d thought Ms. Tayly was in the more serious category of the members of Epic Seeker, but it seemed she too was just another member. Like all of them, she was a dreamer with a screw loose somewhere.</p>

      <p>“That tale is very important. Instead of that, I’ll give you a more fun tidbit. You asked why Elmirahd Siddark has Snow Walker on his mind. In truth, the story’s simpler than I let on.”</p>

      <p>I exhaled.</p>

      <p>“Wait for it... they are engaged!” she said, imparting the factoid with glee.</p>

      <p><em>Uh, isn’t </em>that<em> the kind of thing you’d need to ask the person directly?</em></p>

      <p>“Wow... so they’re getting married, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Huh. Thought you’d be more shocked. I thought that’d give you a jump.”</p>

      <p>I was getting a vague idea that this woman wanted me to be the hero and Snow to be the princess in the tower.</p>

      <p>“Well, she did tell me something to that effect before. She’d said her fiancé was from one of the leading houses or whatever, that they were around the same age, and that they’d gone to the same school. Judging by Mr. Siddark’s demeanor, I figured it wasn’t impossible.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, I see. So? How’s that make you feel? How does the thought of those two tying the knot sit with you? Why don’t you tell the girl how you feel, hm?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t feel a thing. If anything, I think the marriage is a good idea.”</p>

      <p>“Um, what? Are you being serious, Kanami darling?”</p>

      <p>“I think that at the end of the day, their interests align. Besides, from what I can see, Mr. Siddark doesn’t seem like a bad person. Folks like him may show no mercy to outside enemies, but they’re kind to their own. He’s brimming with pure talent, and he’s got ambition in spades, so Snow’s future is smooth sailing.”</p>

      <p>Her face turned stiff. “Yep. I knew it, dear. You’re a bit funny in the head.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry? What about what I just said was odd? And even if I am, I don’t want to hear that from <em>you</em>.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Tayly was a romantic with her head in the clouds despite her age. I didn’t need her to talk about <em>me</em> being funny in the head.</p>

      <p>“Right back at you,” she replied. “Tell me, Kanami, do you not, you know, <em>like</em> Snow?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t know if I like her. It hasn’t been that long since I met her.”</p>

      <p>“But you must have preferences, right? So tell me, is our little Snow to your liking or isn’t she?”</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, I don’t have the time to be thinking about stuff like that. You’re looking at a kid who’s working crazy hard for his sister’s sake.”</p>

      <p>“To think you’d bring your sister up right now. It’s just like Palinchron said. You’ve got a sister complex.”</p>

      <p>“What makes you say that?”</p>

      <p>“If you don’t want to be seen as having a sister complex, then be true to your heart, right here, right now, and tell me!” she said, her expression serious.</p>

      <p>I’d never seen her this earnest. The members of Epic Seeker sure picked strange hills to die on. To be frank, I didn’t particularly care if people saw me as having a sister complex. After all, Maria <em>was</em>, in fact, my world. That much was certain. But I reckoned I ought to answer Ms. Tayly so as to calm her down.</p>

      <p>“All right, then yes. I like Snow. She is pretty, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Well, if you’re gonna be so nonchalant about it, that’s kinda unpleasant in itself.”</p>

      <p>“Then what do you want from me?”</p>

      <p>“Dear me. Were you <em>always</em> this dry a person?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? I’m being dry?”</p>

      <p>Another adjective I’d basically never heard anyone call me before now. I didn’t think I was particularly dry or matter-of-fact. If anything, I was more on the emotional side. Yet upon further reflection, I realized that that back-and-forth might indeed have been a bit unfeeling of me. I’d been so cold to Snow. Was I always this dispassionate? This logic-driven? <em>It’s almost as though—</em></p>

      <p>My head hurt. I held my head in my hands and gave Ms. Tayly a forced smile. I managed to keep it from her. Afterward, we continued killing time talking about trivial stuff, and eventually, our group reached Floor 10 without impediment. Needless to say, it took more than twice as much time as a normal dive.</p>

      <p>We immediately divided into those who would get some shut-eye and those who would stand watch, and with that, construction commenced. I found the time to drop by the <em>Connection</em> portal in the corner of the chamber. Since I’d concealed it using an inconspicuous cloth, nobody had spotted it. The fact that the Dungeon was so dark probably didn’t hurt either. Since work on the Pathway centered around the middle of the room, nobody ventured to the corners.</p>

      <p>Relieved, I joined the subgroup that was enjoying a nap. It was when I cast my eyes down that I heard a voice call out to me.</p>

      <p>“Kanami.”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, a visibly exhausted Snow was sitting beside me.</p>

      <p>“What’s the matter?”</p>

      <p>“I’m tired. Very tired. Super mega tired.”</p>

      <p>“Welcome to the working life. Good job out there.” I took a drink out of my inventory and handed it to her.</p>

      <p>“Come to the front of the pack with me later. Please,” she pleaded weakly, taking her hard-earned beverage.</p>

      <p>“Me? But Mr. Siddark won’t exactly like that, will he?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t care. I wanna be with you.”</p>

      <p>“You just want to foist the work on me and be lazy, surely? This job is more than just our guild’s. That’s not a good enough reason to change positions, is it?”</p>

      <p>“I... I don’t wanna just ‘be lazy.’”</p>

      <p>“Be that as it may, it doesn’t change the fact it’d be unilateral on our ends. Can’t you just grin and bear it for a day?”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, but I want you to be with me all the same. I prefer your company. I’m good by your side.”</p>

      <p>I found her insistence peculiar. “Er, uh,” I said under my voice, “do you hate Mr. Siddark that much?”</p>

      <p>“It’s not that I <em>hate</em> him. Not really. He’s just so tiresome.”</p>

      <p>“If he’s tiresome, just do what you always do. It’s because you’re putting yourself out that things got this straining for you. I’m sure he’ll understand.”</p>

      <p>“I can’t act that way. Even if he doesn’t get angry himself, people from the clan will yell at me. And if that happens, it turns into even more of a pain than before.”</p>

      <p>It seemed clan affairs were a factor. Since their engagement was decided, it might be the case that if she made light of her fiancé, it would tarnish her house’s name.</p>

      <p>“What would my presence do to mitigate that tiresomeness?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing, but it’d soothe my nerves. I’d have some peace of mind.”</p>

      <p>“You mean, if I’m there then you’d have peace of mind regarding <em>combat</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Please, I’m begging you,” she said, her expression supplicatory.</p>

      <p>Given how frantic she was, all I could do was nod. “Okay. If you insist, I’ll do it.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Good.”</p>

      <p>Snow closed her eyes. Then she leaned against me and started dozing off. Thinking it’d be bad if people saw us, I took out a blanket from my inventory for use as Snow’s pillow. Then I distanced myself a tad from her, getting some rest by sitting with my hand on my knees.</p>

      <p>Apparently, Snow was quite overwhelmed. I’d wanted her to overcome it on her own power, if possible, but it seemed that was overly optimistic. She’d come back exhausted from head to toe, and she was beginning to lose heart. In other words, while she seemed cheeky on the outside, her spirit was weak. And now that I knew that, I couldn’t justify my inaction. I decided to help her for the rest of the day. Then I got some sleep.</p>

      <p>When I awoke, I started gathering the strength I’d need to rescue her.</p>

      <p>A few hours later, the group, having finished the construction work on Floor 10, departed for Floor 20. I was relieved that ultimately, nobody had noticed my <em>Connection</em> gateway. Maybe it was less conspicuous than I’d anticipated.</p>

      <p>The battle formation was revised a little going into Floor 11. Naturally, Mr. Siddark was effectively the leader, so he made all the decisions. He certainly had an eye for character, as well as a keen sense for combat. No one objected...apart from Snow.</p>

      <p>“El, could you please place Kanami at the front too?”</p>

      <p>“The guildmaster of Epic Seeker at the front? My intel tells me he’s a mage specializing in detection and ice magic. He’s better suited for the middle or back of the formation.”</p>

      <p>That was so on the money, I was speechless. He was right; I really pulled my weight when I was in the middle or back, where I could provide backup for everyone. He had a firm grasp of the information regarding me after mere days of my being active in the guild. That one sentence was all I needed to learn how prodigious his intelligence-gathering and analytical skills were.</p>

      <p>“That’s not all there is to Kanami. He can use a sword too.”</p>

      <p>“A fact I also know, of course. But I hear his strong point is his magic.”</p>

      <p>“That intel’s erroneous. Kanami’s swordsmanship is without a doubt first-rate. Besides, he shows his strength when paired with me.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Okay. If you insist, I don’t mind placing him at the front for now, but I reserve the right to change his position depending on the results and situation.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>And so it was decided that I’d take part in the fighting. It wasn’t so much that he was convinced it was a good idea; to my eyes, he’d just wanted to show Snow his magnanimous side. That was why he had some harsh words for me when we passed each other.</p>

      <p>“If you cause even the least bit of trouble for the others, you’re falling back again.”</p>

      <p>“Understood, sir. I’ll do my very best,” I replied inoffensively, bowing my head.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. If you’re a guildmaster, don’t go through Snow. Express what you want in your own words.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Siddark’s estimation of me was only getting worse. Apparently, he was under the impression that I’d used Snow as a mouthpiece. Figuring it was pointless to try to make excuses, I said nothing. I just watched as Mr. Siddark stepped up to the front.</p>

      <p>Snow, who was beside me, flashed me a disgruntled look. “You’re such a wuss.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? What did I do?”</p>

      <p>“What didn’t you do.”</p>

      <p>“Snarling at a stand-up dude like Mr. Siddark would get me nowhere. What are you trying to do, stirring me up like that?”</p>

      <p>“A stand-up dude? Hmph.”</p>

      <p>She led me by the hand toward the front. From there, the second half of our dive commenced. It took only a moment for a battle against a monster to pop up. Unlike the back, the front encountered battles frequently. Since we were in rows, we were that much more easily spotted, leading to many times more enemy attacks compared to a normal dive. The overall speed of the procession was also slow. The situation drove home just how hard a dive with this many people was. And yet Mr. Siddark was managing that difficult task to a tee. He did possess the competence to stand above the rest, that was for sure. And while his personality, abilities, and more all helped with that, the biggest factor was his social standing. Everyone followed his lead because <em>“he’s with the Siddark Clan. Whatcha gonna do?”</em></p>

      <p>On the other hand, it looked as though his status as a member of the House of Siddark also drove him into a corner. His position seemed like a bit of a tightrope.</p>

      <p>The other elite fighters and I swung our swords as Mr. Siddark instructed. I didn’t fail to notice his expression change after I felled a monster attacking us in a single stroke. <em>Hope that made him see me in a new light.</em></p>

      <p>Predictably, Snow was behind me, shirking her chore. In order to evade Mr. Siddark’s eyes, she was fighting at my rear. She was the same as always. My plot to rehabilitate her by making her mingle with Mr. Siddark was now in the dustbin of history.</p>

      <p>The farther we advanced down the floors, the more frequently the monsters tried to cross over onto the Pathway. Occasionally, whole groups of them managed to jump on us. Fearing a worst-case scenario (however unlikely), I stepped up to the head of the pack. I wasn’t being conceited; I simply had the strongest combat build out of anybody there. The more I fought, the more it mitigated any risk to the group as a whole. After taking ten or so enemy heads, Mr. Siddark called out to me.</p>

      <p>“Aikawa Kanami, was it? You haven’t been using any magic. You a swordsman?”</p>

      <p>“No sir. I’m also good with the blade, but I’m a mage.”</p>

      <p>“Now I see why old Palinchron entrusted the guildmaster seat to you. I took you to be some kind of bumpkin, but it seems you’re adequately strong.”</p>

      <p>“No, sir. I still have a long way to go.”</p>

      <p>“I hate it when people act modest like that. I can’t hear it as anything but sarcasm. If you’re one who stands above others, don’t you think you should harbor more gravitas?”</p>

      <p>“Urgh...I’m sorry. That’s just how I am.”</p>

      <p>“Why would you apologize? Looks like we’re just not gonna get along.”</p>

      <p>While I’d gained his respect for my strength, he still didn’t like my personality. A shame, considering I didn’t dislike people like Mr. Siddark. But if I voiced that sentiment, it’d backfire on me, so I just kept following him without a word. From behind, I examined his every action in order to memorize how he did things as a fellow guildmaster. I wasn’t going to unthinkingly mimic him, but observing the methods of a different guildmaster could only be beneficial. I watched how he issued orders even as I counterattacked a pouncing enemy. I did that while also paying attention to Snow and Ms. Tayly through <em>Dimension</em>. I’d grown to the point where such multitasking wasn’t difficult for me.</p>

      <p>We progressed through the Dungeon without a hitch. However, by the time we reached Floor 16, the pack was starting to show signs of exhaustion. The procession speed was visibly slower, and the majority wore gloomy looks.</p>

      <p>“It’s not far now, everyone!” shouted Mr. Siddark without delay. “I believe in you! With folks of your caliber, we can make this happen!”</p>

      <p>But it looked as though words weren’t going to be enough. Morale wasn’t that easy to raise. Mr. Siddark was looking anxious now. He resumed the march forward, his eyes on the group as a whole. To give him support, I was always in the offing nearby.</p>

      <p>“Are you not tired?” he asked me, baffled.</p>

      <p>“I’m all right. I have stamina. If anything comes up, please feel free to utilize me.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t underestimate me. Come what may, I won’t rely on you. It’s the other way around. <em>I’ll</em> protect everyone.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>It seemed my show of concern had the opposite effect. Little by little, I was starting to understand the man. He was dominated by a bloated sense of responsibility. At a guess, it was a ball and chain attached to him from <em>birth</em>. And having spent his adolescence ruled by that obligation, his values had ended up skewed. I could now see where the tightrope walk was rooted.</p>

      <p>Bound as ever by his sense of responsibility, he continued walking as the vanguard, with me behind him, keeping watch. It was then I spotted a pack of monsters within <em>Dimension</em>’s range. I wasted no time reporting to him.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Siddark. If we keep going this way, we’ll encounter a group of monsters. We should change our course and leave the Pathway for now.”</p>

      <p>“What did you say? Come to think of it, I almost forgot you can use detection magic. Is it really true?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, sir, it’s true. A swarm of insect monsters is headed our way.”</p>

      <p>“We’re not changing course. We’re already taking more time than planned. Any further delay won’t be tolerated.”</p>

      <p>“But if we run smack into them, the damage will be severe. We should prioritize safety over time—”</p>

      <p>“You said the monsters are insectoid. Well, if that’s the case, I can eradicate them with my magic!”</p>

      <p>Apparently, I shouldn’t have mentioned the monsters’ taxon. He thought he could use magic to fend them off as long as they were insects. And it seemed Mr. Siddark was a mage who was capable of such a feat. He meant to end the threat by his own power, and it hit me with a sense of foreboding. Watching him reminded me of...</p>

      <p><em>Wait, no, I actually can’t remember.</em> I just got the feeling I knew some people who were more than a little foolish and silly.</p>

      <p>“I’m against the idea. It’s too dangerous, and even if you succeed, it’ll take a heavy toll on you.”</p>

      <p>“I told you not to underestimate me. A swarm on Floor 16 is no big deal.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Siddark had all of the authority, so I had no choice but to go along with it. He readied the magic energy inside his body in anticipation. I used <em>Dimension</em> to grasp the swarm’s movements and reported the precise timing of our incoming encounter. That was all I could do. Then, the time came.</p>

      <p>“It’s... It’s a pack of ’em!” shouted a dismayed swordfighter at the front. “A swarm of monsters!”</p>

      <p>A wave of unrest surged through the other members as well. Those with experience Dungeon diving understood the terror of a swarm. When the divers didn’t have much strength to spare, they had to avoid swarms like the plague.</p>

      <p>For me and Mr. Siddark, however, it was all within the range of what we’d foreseen. We formulated our spells calmly and coolly.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Siddark! Please shoot after I’ve lured over as many as possible!”</p>

      <p>“You don’t gotta tell me! I know! <em>Scour all! Burn all! Conquer all!</em>”</p>

      <p>The incantation was forceful, and the structuring of the magic energy was intricate. The spell was completed right as the swarm was about to make contact with the front line.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Blast!</em>”</p>

      <p>A torrent of flame erupted from his hands. The blaze was sizable, the force of the blast staggering. It swallowed the entirety of the monster swarm. Most importantly, the element of the magic attack put the matchup in our favor. The insectoid monsters were weak to fire, and one by one they burned to a crisp and perished. A tiny portion managed to avoid burning, but I saw them using <em>Dimension</em> and my blade made short work of them. All in all, we’d successfully annihilated the swarm in a matter of seconds.</p>

      <p>“Whoa! That’s Lord Siddark for you!”</p>

      <p>“As a leader, he doesn’t disappoint.”</p>

      <p>“The swarm, killed instantly... We’re saved!”</p>

      <p>While the members cheered at the instantaneous destruction of the threat, Mr. Siddark was bearing a pained look. “Urgh...”</p>

      <p>He’d probably ripped through all of his MP through that one spell. Great beads of sweat dotted his forehead, and he was gasping for breath. Regardless, he didn’t pause to rest. He caught his breath right away, reset his expression, and shouted. “That’s right! You’re okay now, everyone! Whatever enemy may come, I’ll repel it! Let’s slowly but surely make our way to Floor 20!”</p>

      <p>Mr. Siddark hadn’t missed his chance to buoy their spirits. After seeing that the members’ expressions had turned sunnier, he faced forward, and his own expression reverted to one of pain. I was beside him, and I had a full understanding of his distress.</p>

      <p>“Are you okay?”</p>

      <p>“This is nothing. You’re worried about nothing. Never mind that; your detection spell was superb. Without your pinpointing the time and the enemy’s movements, it wouldn’t have gone this well. I thank you.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, but more importantly, you don’t look so...”</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, there’s no problem.”</p>

      <p>But his voice was feeble, even when he interrupted me. That spell had without a doubt robbed him of all his strength, yet his pride wouldn’t allow him to accept my help. All I could do was follow and keep an eye on him from behind. Deep inside, I was concerned. He was refusing a hand from anyone else in order to safeguard the prestige of his noble clan, and that made me take exception to the ways of the House of Siddark. They just raised my hackles, and the same went for the House of Walker for putting that frown on Snow’s face. The whole idea of noble prestige grated on my nerves. My impression of the four leading houses had organically turned quite black indeed.</p>

      <p><em>We’re on Floor 16. Four floors left to our objective.</em></p>

      <p>I kept on walking through the Dungeon, all the while worrying about how smooth our journey would be.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>I was right to worry.</p>

      <p>Floors 16 and 17 had few enemy attacks in store for us, so they presented no problem. And while everyone’s fatigue was mounting, their morale stayed high thanks to the annihilation of that swarm. It was no exaggeration to call the dive surgically smooth up to that point. However, while we were moving through Floor 18, I detected a cluster of monsters in the direction we were headed yet again. I gnashed my teeth; this was one unlucky bunch.</p>

      <p>“This...this isn’t good. We have another pack of them.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh...what did you say?” he asked with a sick and tired tone.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Siddark, this time around, let’s avoid them.”</p>

      <p>“No, we won’t take any detours. If we fall behind schedule, it’ll affect my reputation—and the reputation of the House of Siddark!”</p>

      <p>“But we don’t have a way to handle them.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll show you. I’ll just kill them all again. We’re not shifting course!”</p>

      <p>“You’re biting more than you can chew. You’re already past your limit. The others are exhausted, but not as much as you.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t look down on me! I’m telling you, it’s fine! I steer this ship! And I’ll show you how perfectly I’ll tie a bow on this job!”</p>

      <p>I was pretty sure he’d face off against the horde no matter what I said. His pride brooked no retreat. I contemplated knocking him unconscious and forcing him to get some rest. But he was the group’s leader. Plus, I could be certain that if the master of another guild attacked Mr. Siddark, who was also a noble from an influential family on top of that, it’d turn into a massive headache for me. As the guildmaster of Epic Seeker, it wasn’t an option.</p>

      <p>With no other choice, I collaborated with him in order to raise the chances of a rout by however much I could.</p>

      <p>“It’s a pack of beasts with red fur. They’ll be on us in a matter of minutes.”</p>

      <p>“Red beasts on Floor 18...so it’s <em>those</em> things...in which case, if I use a water spell...”</p>

      <p>He started crafting the spell, but <em>Dimension</em> told me it was nothing dependable. Since he’d squeezed his MP down to the limit and his physical condition wasn’t in tip-top shape, the spell was coming apart at the seams. He wouldn’t be able to fire anything as precise or powerful as before. Moreover, grand-scale spells impressive enough to exterminate large packs of monsters were too much for him to begin with. This could only mean trouble, so I fell back a little to speak to Snow.</p>

      <p>“Snow, you tell him. He’s planning to fight another swarm. This time we’re in serious shit.”</p>

      <p>“What, a second one? Well, in any case, that’s a no,” she said, shaking her head.</p>

      <p>“Why? At this rate, the job may end in failure. And more importantly, Mr. Siddark himself is in danger.”</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t care less,” she replied flatly. “Whatever becomes of Elmirahd Siddark’s got nothing to do with me. It’s just such a pain in the ass that I don’t want to get mixed up in it. I can’t take it anymore.”</p>

      <p>To her, both the job and the man meant nothing. I gave up on persuading her and returned to my spot behind Mr. Siddark. He’d already begun incanting.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ingest the viands, ravage the viands, render it unto viands!”</em></p>

      <p>As his incantation neared completion, the horde came into view. The members at the front spotted the thrashing beasts and informed the rest.</p>

      <p>“Another one! Dammit, another horde! This time we’ve got red pups on our hands!”</p>

      <p>Soon, everyone knew, and all eyes fell on their leader.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, rest easy!” he shouted. “I’ll wash ’em all away! <em>Tidal Wave!</em>”</p>

      <p>The magic energy in the vicinity pulsated. Compressed magic power was converted into water, and even the moisture in the air was dragged into the spell, turning it all into a large quantity of water. The raging torrent swirled in the air, its volume expanding until finally it transformed into a tsunami. The flood swallowed up the entire corridor and attacked the horde that was headed this way.</p>

      <p>The water spell <em>Tidal Wave.</em> A fearsome spell. But <em>Dimension</em>, in its coldhearted accuracy, informed me that even a spell of that scale hadn’t sufficed to rout the monsters. Clicking my tongue, I used Analyze on Mr. Siddark. <br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 74/201 MP: 0/299</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>He was in terrible shape. Using wide-range spells that went beyond his tether, staying on his toes in leader mode for close to twenty straight hours, keeping the group marching on despite how unreasonable it was because he valued saving time... That was the confluence of factors that kept chipping away at him. If I wasn’t wrong, Mr. Siddark couldn’t really move anymore. He’d staked his all on that <em>Tidal Wave</em>. Put simply, the group’s leader had incapacitated himself without fully exterminating the horde.</p>

      <p>“Pardon me, Mr. Siddark!”</p>

      <p>While the group watched the magical tsunami in action, I went on the move. Holding an unsteady Siddark in my hands, I stepped back. He resisted, but his resistance was feeble, and I carried him away regardless. My destination was Snow, who looked surprised to see me carrying him. I threw him at her, despite how little she liked him. She hurriedly threw down the weapons she was wielding and caught him.</p>

      <p>“Next!”</p>

      <p>I immediately went back to the front of the line to see what <em>Tidal Wave</em> had done to the horde. The spell washed away everything in its path, slamming the red beasts into the walls. At first blush, it might look as though the monsters were all killed. But it simply wasn’t enough. The amount of water wasn’t enough. The force of the wave wasn’t enough. The overall attack power was lacking, and that was all there was to it. The group had been cheering at the amazing wonder spell, but they were growing paler and paler now. One by one, the monsters that had been knocked down after taking a direct hit stood back up with furious looks on their faces. A hundred-odd monsters were still alive and well—and they were making no secret of their hostility toward the band of enemies that had attacked them.</p>

      <p>I used my menu-sight to scope out the situation, starting with the details on the monsters.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Flame Wolf: Rank 17</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I also looked at the menus of the individuals on our side, getting an exhaustive grasp on their respective levels, callings, and specialties. Needless to say, I downloaded positional information as well. I now knew who was where and who was next to who, and I calculated how to bring about the greatest synergies. The speed of my number crunching was so superhuman that it bordered on magic. In time, I put together a plan whose goal was to sacrifice no one. Every microsecond was of the essence, and I kept cogitating, swearing to myself that I wouldn’t let anyone die.</p>

      <p><em>Not on my watch! Not anymore!</em></p>

      <p>“It... It’s no use!” said one of them, pale-faced. “They ain’t down for the count!”</p>

      <p>“The spell didn’t have enough attack power! They’re all still kickin’ and rarin’ to go!”</p>

      <p>“Why didn’t we avoid the horde, dammit?! At this rate, we’re done for!”</p>

      <p>“Ain’t nothin’ we can do but fight! Stand at the ready and assume your formations!”</p>

      <p>Through their screaming and grumbling, everyone readied their weapons. I was grateful that they weren’t panicking. With that, the Flame Wolves leaped at us.</p>

      <p>It was then that my plan was fully formulated. At the front of the group, I drew my sword as I crafted a spell. “Spellcast: <em>Wintermension!</em>”</p>

      <p>But my target wasn’t the enemy or myself. Instead, I expanded <em>Wintermension</em>’s field to encompass my allies. The cold air spread to engulf everyone in my group.</p>

      <p>“I’ll cut down the front line!” I shouted, aping Mr. Siddark in trying to make my voice carry to everybody. “Please keep calm and intercept any enemies that come for you!”</p>

      <p><em>Wintermension</em> also served to cool their heads to an extent.</p>

      <p>Naturally, most of the Flame Wolves trained their sights on me after I shouted like that. I swung my sword at several approaching wolves, but I wasn’t aiming for insta-kills. It was impossible for me to defeat close to a hundred monsters in an instant by myself. As such, my aim was to <em>injure</em> the things. I deliberately refrained from swinging my sword the whole way with each swing, as well as from stabbing too deep. I lacerated them with stroking motions. Though I couldn’t kill them outright, I could attack droves of them, and the competent guild elites could certainly finish off wounded Flame Wolves. Defeating the enemy with their own hands would boost their morale to boot. I had to prioritize the efficiency of the whole group now, not just my own.</p>

      <p>I tore through one Flame Wolf after another, but there were many who ignored me and slipped behind me. My group and the horde were now intermeshed, turning things into a melee. The elite warriors brandished their weapons and intercepted the Flame Wolves. My starting shout had paid off; most were keeping their cool. While dealing with the wolves snapping at me, I devoted most of my attention to <em>Wintermension</em>. Puddles of water littered the corridor, left there by <em>Tidal Wave</em>, and I was going to spring an evolved version of the trap I’d used on the Line Skitter the other day. Back then, I’d used <em>Snowmension</em>, but this time I would use <em>Wintermension</em>, although its effects weren’t the same as the usual <em>Wintermension</em>. Really, it was a different spell altogether. To give it a name:</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension: Frost,</em>” I muttered quietly.</p>

      <p>The cold hanging over the battlefield started rapidly intensifying. At the same time, I was ascertaining all of the battles between the dozens of elites and the hundred or so monsters, pinpointing where the divers were losing ground. One wolf’s fangs were closing in on one man’s back. The man was so focused on the enemy in front of him that he didn’t notice. At this rate, the man would die to a single attack from behind. But I refused to allow that. <em>Wintermension: Frost</em> froze the puddle at that wolf’s feet and stopped it in its tracks. The wolf yelped, its legs flash-frozen. That yelp alerted the man to the wolf behind him, and he turned around and thrust his sword into the immobilized beast.</p>

      <p><em>Next.</em></p>

      <p>Next was a mage who was concentrating on her incantation. The woman’s spell was unlikely to be complete before a certain Flame Wolf attacked her. I concentrated my magic energy and activated <em>Wintermension: Frost</em> on that wolf. Thanks to that <em>Tidal Wave</em>, there was plenty of water on the beast’s body already. Freezing things was difficult when there was nothing to work with, but as long as there was water there to begin with, it was a piece of cake. With a crackling sound, the wolf began freezing solid. While I couldn’t totally encase it, the effect did slow it down, making it so that its attack didn’t reach its mark in time. The mage’s spell successfully intercepted it.</p>

      <p><em>Next.</em></p>

      <p>Using my dimensional magic, I searched for the next imminent disaster, activating my spell at only those key locations. <em>Next.</em> A third diver saved. <em>Next.</em> A fourth, followed by a fifth. One by one, I rescued any and all who were on the back foot. And of course, I was doing that while also dealing with the row of wolves in front. After a few dozen seconds, I finally managed to take down all the nearby wolves, succeeding at keeping the number of casualties at zero all the while.</p>

      <p>Not letting my guard down, I quickly migrated from the front line to the middle of the pack, ascertaining the overall situation as I moved and shouting instructions over the din. Luckily, I’d been able to learn everyone’s name by the time I got there.</p>

      <p>“Annaeth, please back up the person to the front and right of you right away! Also, we don’t have enough people in the rear keeping a watch on the front row; if your hands are free, fall back! Tor, once you’re done killing that Flame Wolf over there, please help Aldin behind you! Snow, leave Mr. Siddark to me and move to the front!”</p>

      <p>Since Mr. Siddark was out of action, someone had to give orders in his stead. Snow looked dissatisfied, but after a little hesitation, she returned him to me and said only this: “No choice.”</p>

      <p>I nodded and propped Mr. Siddark up. Snow started making a decent effort. As I watched her move to the front, I heard a shriek from a small distance away.</p>

      <p>“We... We’re losin’ here! We’re about to crumble! They’re gonna—”</p>

      <p>Of course, I knew that too. “<em>Wintermension: Frost!</em>”</p>

      <p>My ice magic rescued the ally who had been seconds away from getting killed. The comrades who saw that looked surprised.</p>

      <p>“I get it now! So it’s thanks to you that our enemies keep turnin’ to ice!”</p>

      <p>“You freeze ’em at just the right time to save our hides! Kanami from Epic Seeker, wasn’t it?!”</p>

      <p>“You mean the dude who was right by Siddark?! He’s got a damn good spell in his arsenal!”</p>

      <p>Having learned that the ice spell activating here and there was mine, they started following my orders.</p>

      <p>“As you can see, if you’re ever in danger, I’ll save you with my ice magic! I can see the whole field at once through my detection magic, so please, just follow my orders for the time being!”</p>

      <p>The responses were more agreeable than I’d expected, given the suddenness of my call.</p>

      <p>“You’re another guildmaster of Laoravia, ain’t ya?! We don’t mind takin’ orders from ya!”</p>

      <p>“We’re in the hole we’re in right now, so it can’t be helped! Get on with it and make with the orders!”</p>

      <p>“Our leader’s down, so please lead us in his place!”</p>

      <p>They were all seasoned Dungeon veterans. Their guts had to know what the optimal path forward in a situation like this was, so they all asked me for their orders.</p>

      <p>“Okay, people, let’s switch to the optimal formation! Tor, please fall back and protect the technicians in the center! Annaeth, stay right there and keep fending them off; at your level, you can take them by yourself! You three over there! Please form a team and work in concert! Move forward and to the left and prepare for the incoming assault! Next...”</p>

      <p>I had everyone take different positions based on their stats, paying who belonged to what guild no mind when I composed the team-ups. This was not the time to fuss over such things. I issued a constant stream of orders even as I helped the group by using <em>Wintermension: Frost.</em></p>

      <p>While some folks seemed dissatisfied, I managed to convince them over time through various displays of the ice magic I’d developed. And so I strove not to lose a single person to the horde. I just kept coming up with the optimal solutions that made sure no one lost life or limb.</p>

      <p>Mr. Siddark, who I was holding up, groaned. “Ah...wait...hold on...this is my job...I give the orders...”</p>

      <p>He was on the verge of fainting and yet he still wouldn’t relinquish his ball and chain of responsibility.</p>

      <p>“Please rest for now. You’ve fulfilled your responsibilities...and you’re in no state to be giving orders.”</p>

      <p>In all honesty, I didn’t want to waste time answering him. If at all possible, I’d have liked him to just sleep, but if I got on the wrong nerve, he’d push things too far again, so I had answered him gently.</p>

      <p>“Urgh, dammit... Son of a bitch...”</p>

      <p>I didn’t have the time to stand there commiserating with his frustration. I stayed by his side, but I shouted to the group time and time again in order to direct them to victory. Mr. Siddark didn’t interject further.</p>

      <p>After ten or so minutes, more than a hundred Flame Wolves lay defeated. Pillars of ice were jutting out all over the corridor, amidst which the wolves turned into magic stones, shining and fading into light as they did so. Cheers filled the hallway.</p>

      <p>“YESSS! We killed all of ’em! Nice goin’, Ice Mage of Epic Seeker!”</p>

      <p>“We’re saved! I honestly wasn’t sure we’d survive for a second there!”</p>

      <p>“It’s all thanks to the guildmaster of Epic Seeker. His orders were right on the money.”</p>

      <p>They all expressed relief at having survived, and they praised me up and down. But I got right back to ascertaining the group’s situation using <em>Dimension.</em> Basking in accolades wasn’t what was important to me. Actually, it <em>was</em> important as a guildmaster, but that wasn’t my objective. I checked each individual’s HP, and I checked to see if we had the same number of people as entered the Dungeon. After making sure no one had died, I heaved a deep sigh.</p>

      <p>“I’m so glad no one’s dead.”</p>

      <p>But I’d paid a price for it. More than half of my MP was depleted. I got a sinking feeling as I relaxed the tension in my muscles. I ended up almost dropping Mr. Siddark, to whom I was lending a shoulder, in the process, so I hurriedly tensed back up. After a few more minutes, everyone finished reviewing the situation and realized that no one had died, after which the group’s elation rose to even greater heights. I shared in their jubilation, and I was feeling a lovely sense of accomplishment too.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>On the heels of annihilating that horde, I ended up taking command of the group dive for Floors 18 and 19. That was because Mr. Siddark’s spellcasting had taken such a huge toll on him that he could hardly even project his voice. No one from the group expressed any dissatisfaction, due largely to the fact that I hadn’t let anybody die during that battle. It seemed they recognized my skill as a commander. Moreover, there was a tendency among them to want to <em>test</em> the master of the guild who had been doing such outstanding work recently. In order to measure up to their expectations, I kept leading the way with the utmost attentiveness and diligence.</p>

      <p><em>Dimension</em> spotted an enemy.</p>

      <p>“A large monster is coming from in front of us. It’s a Carmine Minotaur. Stop moving forward immediately. Mages, please form a line. Those who can wield heavy weapons, please be on standby behind them. When the target appears from around the corner, please shoot it with a volley of spells. If that doesn’t kill it, the mages should retreat and leave it to the advance guard. That ought to shut it down completely. If anything happens, I’ll follow up with ice magic, so please take it nice and easy.”</p>

      <p>I switched from the prepared-for-a-surprise-attack formation to the anti-oncoming-enemy formation. At first, there was quite a bit of pushback against changing the formation even when there were no enemies in view, but I’d laid out the correct course of action so many times that they now knew to simply follow their orders.</p>

      <p>“Shoot in five seconds...three, two, one, fire.”</p>

      <p>At that moment, a cow-headed monster appeared from around the corner. The spells of the mages, who’d been given ample time to incant, blasted the thing like so many shotguns. The Carmine Minotaur turned into light and disappeared, never given one measly second to attack or defend.</p>

      <p>“The end. Now let’s keep moving forward.”</p>

      <p>Behind me, the group was a little abuzz. They appeared to be talking about how insane my enemy detection ability was. Naturally, I was picking up on their conversations through <em>Dimension</em>. While many were applauding me as dependable, many were also wondering what the specifics of my detection magic were. They probably wanted to ask me all about it but couldn’t because once this job was over, I’d go back to being the master of a different, competing guild. And since I could hardly afford to tell them about it in detail, I had no choice but to keep guiding the group with a polite smile on my face.</p>

      <p>Thus we arrived at Floor 20 without incident. We had been able to avoid another horde thanks to <em>Dimension</em>, and we had taken the initiative against any monster that appeared, making any rough patch effectively impossible. To be extra sure, I’d had <em>Wintermension: Frost</em> at the ready during combat.</p>

      <p>Now that we were at the vacant and deserted Floor 20, everyone went about their work reinforcing and strengthening the Pathway there. I guided Mr. Siddark with me to a spot removed from the rest and took a breather. The two of us sat down.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry,” he said quietly.</p>

      <p>“Please, don’t worry about it.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh. I may have lagged behind you this time, but...next time, I’ll...”</p>

      <p>It seemed his indomitable fighting spirit was leaking out again. His pride simply wouldn’t allow him to let me stand on the winner’s podium over him.</p>

      <p><em>Man, what a rough life.</em></p>

      <p>I let him rest and went to help out with the construction work. All the while, Mr. Siddark tried to get up multiple times, and I kept having to admonish him.</p>

      <p>After several hours of work, our mission was finally at an end. Before, the ley line had been thin. Now it was visibly thicker, and the barrier was strengthened to the point one could feel it in their bones. I was worried it might have an effect on the <em>Connection</em> gateway lying in a corner of the spacious chamber, but it seemed the one on Floor 20 was fine too. As one might expect, the barrier wasn’t strong enough to reach such a far-flung corner.</p>

      <p>The group whooped with joy at having completed the job, and after a short rest, they departed for the surface. But Mr. Siddark hadn’t recuperated yet. The toll he’d paid by firing off not one but two spells that had been beyond his limits wasn’t something he could recover from overnight. When I tried to lend him my shoulder, he refused my help.</p>

      <p>“That’s okay. I may not be able to fight, but I can at least walk.”</p>

      <p>He walked in the middle of the group, his gait uneasy. But he wasn’t raising his voice or trying to lead them anymore. He clearly lacked the stamina to do so. On second thought, he’d still try to force himself despite that. Maybe it was because he simply understood the current state of the party. Everyone in the group was trying to get instructions from me. By the time we’d reached Floor 20, they had already decided which of the two of us was better. I had no choice but to live up to their expectations and hand out orders from the center.</p>

      <p>“You’re fine to keep going at this pace,” I told them. “There aren’t any monsters.”</p>

      <p>Hearing that, the party proceeded in a relaxed manner. While I was overseeing them, I picked up on Snow and Mr. Siddark talking nearby. They were both wearing serious looks on their faces; even Snow’s Snowy listlessness was gone. I pricked up my ears a wee bit. They weren’t too far away, so I didn’t even need <em>Dimension</em> to listen in.</p>

      <p>“So, this is an invitation from the House of Siddark?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. I’d have liked to have told you about it after completing this job to perfection, but...I’m sorry I ended up doing such a pathetic job of it.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure both the House of Walker and the House of Siddark have agreed to this...but are you okay with that, El?”</p>

      <p>“I’m welcoming you, Snow. That’s why I’m bringing this up.”</p>

      <p>So Mr. Siddark was inviting Snow to his house. This had to do with their private lives, so I stopped listening, but Snow cut their conversation short and approached me.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, I got an invitation from the House of Siddark. I’ll probably be bound up all day tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>“Er, uh, why are you telling me?”</p>

      <p>“I need my guildmaster’s permission.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, so that’s what this is about. Obviously, I don’t mind. You can go.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be bound up <em>all day</em>. That’s okay with you? Are you sure?”</p>

      <p>“Let me guess: you can’t refuse him directly, so you’re using me as an excuse.”</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t dream of it. I’m just double-checking, that’s all. Are you <em>really</em> sure about giving me permission? Won’t it inconvenience your Dungeon diving tomorrow if I’m not there? I mean, maybe you should think twice, right?”</p>

      <p>“Nope, you’ve got my permission.”</p>

      <p>She sighed. “Useless.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not very nice.”</p>

      <p>As I’d thought, Snow was just trying to use me to turn him down. If I’d shown even the slightest reluctance, she would almost certainly have tried to foist the refusal all on me. Just the thought of having to be the one to give two of the four great noble houses the cold shoulder...</p>

      <p><em>That’s some scary stuff right there.</em></p>

      <p>“All right, I’ll report back to El, then.” She trudged back to Mr. Siddark.</p>

      <p>Evidently, I’d be Dungeon diving the next day without Snow. But really, a day like that was more natural than not. I didn’t want to tie anyone up for my own personal business, after all, and the same went for managing Epic Seeker.</p>

      <p>I planned out the next day’s solo dive as I led the party. If I led the way perfectly, the group would never end up in a dangerous situation, but the flaw in that plan was that by evading even small dangers, it resulted in detours aplenty. We went overtime overall, but we marched from Floor 20 all the way to the surface without any issues. I didn’t know the protocol once we were back on the surface, so I asked Mr. Siddark for help with my eyes.</p>

      <p>He nodded and spoke for me. “We’ll handle the post-dive matters at Supreme. You all went through some travails due to my blunder, so please accept my honest thanks. I’m truly grateful.”</p>

      <p>Then he spoke to each of the guildmasters about remuneration and what to expect going forward. Lastly, he addressed me.</p>

      <p>“Epic Seeker Guildmaster Aikawa Kanami, I thank you for your assistance today. Regarding your remuneration, someone will visit your headquarters in due course. Please wait until then.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>We exchanged innocuous words, and that wrapped up the business side of things. When it came time to part ways, he left me a final remark. And this time, it was personal.</p>

      <p>“Aikawa Kanami: I’ll never lose to you...and don’t you forget it.”</p>

      <p>A one-sided declaration of war. I’d been wondering why he’d been so reserved this whole time; it seemed he’d put me in the “rival” box in his head. Essentially, he was saying that while he acknowledged his defeat, I could expect him to come out on top next time around.</p>

      <p>Before I could say anything in response, he was already far away and getting farther. Ms. Tayly had been looking on from the back with a content smile.</p>

      <p>“Before I knew it, this got <em>entertaining.</em> A delicious development.”</p>

      <p>“The fact you can call something like that entertaining is what’s weird about you guys. Personally, I’d like to build an <em>amicable</em> relationship with a member of a leading noble house.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. No, this is great. You’re now the rival of Snow’s fiancé. Oh, I wonder what sort of story awaits us? Hee hee hee!”</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing there, miss.”</p>

      <p>“I guess this is the ‘stay tuned’ part of the story. By the way, what should I do? Do we call it a day now?”</p>

      <p>“You can if you like. Please tell Snow for me too. She’s in the back, all tuckered out.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. I’ll be seeing you, Kanami dear.”</p>

      <p>Snow was hanging her head behind us, so Ms. Tayly nestled close to her like a mother would her child and whisked her away. The whole party was winding down and parting ways, and the number of people was decreasing little by little.</p>

      <p>Upon leaving, more than a few people shot words of greeting my way. The way I’d taken command of the tail end of our dive must have left an impression. I did as the crowd did and made to leave, heading back to Epic Seeker headquarters. My destination was Mr. Alibers’s workshop. It was late at night and there was nothing else to do. I could at least see how my sword was doing. If everything had gone as planned, I might even get my hands on the finished product.</p>

      <p>Envisioning my new sword in my head, I started speed walking without even realizing it. For whatever reason, a trusty sword was the subject of many a little boy’s dreams. Passing through the night-dark Laoravian townscape, I arrived at the workshop. The lights were still on.</p>

      <p>“Coming through!” I said, entering.</p>

      <p>I was greeted with a shocking sight. Many young buck blacksmiths lay motionless on the floor; it was like I’d stumbled on a corpse heap. Most were sleeping like logs, covered in dust. The few who were awake looked half-dead, with dark rings under their eyes. Mr. Alibers also looked like he was about to shuffle off this mortal coil. When he saw me, he drew closer.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha! If it ain’t my guildmaster! Nice timing!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, Mr. Alibers. Good evening.”</p>

      <p>He came to me with a fine smile on his face, but any way I sliced it, he’d definitely stayed up all night. The chances were high that his hyperness was indicative of the last embers left in his lamp.</p>

      <p>“Your sword’s finished. Come take a look! It’s this way!”</p>

      <p>Mr. Alibers pulled me to the back, where a single straight sword lay before my eyes. The design was exactly as I’d requested. A symmetrical straight sword with a pure white blade and a blue pattern. The scabbard was on display next to it as well.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【CRESCENT PECTOLAZRI STRAIGHT SWORD】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Attack Power 4. Adds 10% of user’s AGI to Attack Power. If the opponent’s AGI exceeds the user’s, +30% to user’s AGI.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“This is my sword?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, that’s right. And I’m proud o’ the sword I made for my guildmaster. I want ya to have it.”</p>

      <p>He handed me the blade. I was taken aback by its weight, or the lack thereof.</p>

      <p>“It’s so...light?”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, ain’t it just? But don’t worry. It’s light, but I can vouch for its sturdiness. Not a thing here can put a chip in that there sword. Or are ya the type that can’t use a sword unless it’s got some weight to it?”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, my swordsmanship’s self-taught, so sword weight isn’t something I’m bothered by. I couldn’t be happier.”</p>

      <p>“Glad to hear it.”</p>

      <p>I lightly swung the sword and put it in its sheath. That chain of movements felt much faster than before. In fact, it felt orders of magnitude faster. That was just how light and easy to handle this sword was. It felt at home in my hands.</p>

      <p>“I can get used to this. Now, if it can cut crystal, then it’s perfect.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, it can. Well, in theory, anyway. But I’m confident it’ll work.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, sir. Truly.” I bowed my head. “I’ll test it out tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>With this, I could get back to exploring the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>“Let me give you the magic item for the heat that we were talking about last time too. I used a high-purity magic gem for this beaut. Here!”</p>

      <p>He tossed me something shiny.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【RED TALISMAN】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+20% to the user’s fire element resistance.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It was a pendant adorned with a red jewel.</p>

      <p>“Wow, it packs a punch for something so small. If I take something like this into the Dungeon, I imagine it makes dives easier.”</p>

      <p>“Be careful; if ya bring in a grab bag o’ stuff, ya might find the magic items interferin’ with each other. O’ course, we’ve already confirmed that that sword and the Red Talisman don’t.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. I’m sure that now, diving the floors beyond Floor 20 won’t be so hard.”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, you don’t gotta thank me. If anything, I feel I oughta thank <em>you</em>. If you get stronger, that’s all I need to have meself a ball. And if you could dive good and deep for me, I can use the magic gems ya pick up to learn more about my trade. I’m <em>askin’</em> ya to work me to the bone.”</p>

      <p>“Roger that. I’ll bring you more gems, so brace yourself.”</p>

      <p>Smilingly, we bumped fists and promised to not to lose touch. After receiving the heavy equipment I needed for Snow, I exited Mr. Alibers’s atelier.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>