<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: The Mightiest Swordsman</h1>

      <p>After receiving those scarves, Lorwen forced me to come with him to the Dungeon. His stated objective was level grinding, but he must have had other motives as well. I’d left Reaper with Snow, since she wanted to have some fun up on the surface. I guess Snow must have figured that that was less work than the Dungeon, because she agreed to look after her. They were holding even more knitting tools when we parted ways, so it seemed she was pretty into it. It only took a monster to accomplish that. As such, I could smile and laugh without a trace of battle nerves.</p>

      <p>“And that’s why I’m here in the Dungeon with my best friend Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, when did we become best friends?”</p>

      <p>Lorwen and I were chatting as we walked through Floor 21.</p>

      <p>“I thought about it, and you know what I realized? I ain’t never had a friend my age before you,” he said with a serious expression. “And I appreciate that it’s gonna help erase the attachments keeping me here too, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>No friends his age, ever? Talk about sad. “Gotcha... You don’t have to thank me; I’d think of you as a friend either way.”</p>

      <p>“Back then, I was just swinging my sword, day in and day out,” he murmured. “I never had any opportunity to make friends.”</p>

      <p>I could see his eyes grow more and more hollow, so I changed the subject.</p>

      <p>“Uh, are you good with a sword, Lorwen?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I think I’m probably the best swordfighter in the world.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? The best in the world?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, you heard me.”</p>

      <p>When the topic turned to swords, he started brimming with confidence. Out of nowhere, he broke into a run and started scanning for monsters, looking all around. He didn’t show any signs of using magic energy; he could perceive the presence of monsters some other way.</p>

      <p>After finding a Fury, he cracked his knuckles. “I’ll prove it. Give me any old sword you’ve got.”</p>

      <p>I took out a mass-market sword from my inventory and threw it over to him. He snatched it and walked toward the Fury without brandishing it. Naturally, the Fury let out a roar. It reached for him, putting so much strength into its strange double-pair of arms that its veins were showing. The moment they were about to touch him, a light slicing sound rang out, and thin lines ran down those arms. The next moment, all four of its arms fell to the ground without ever having touched a hair on his head. You read that right. The arms hadn’t flown through the air. They’d simply fallen straight to the floor. <em>Dimension</em> allowed me to fully grasp how astonishing and fearsome that feat had been. It was nothing short of miraculous.</p>

      <p>Even using <em>Dimension</em>, I hadn’t caught any preparatory movements from him. Right until the moment he did move, he hadn’t tensed up a single muscle in his body. And the instant the monster’s attack was about to hit him, he’d swung the sword with the maximum efficiency the human body was capable of. But that was all. Putting it into words, that was all there was to it, but I couldn’t express the shock of witnessing it. Even if I were surrounded by all the works of art in the world, I doubted they’d be able to beat that level of impact. His sword skills had reached some realm <em>beyond</em> art.</p>

      <p>Swinging the sword at maximum efficiency meant a literally flawless economy of movement. In other words, in the space of less than a hundred millionth of a second, he could shift his weight less than one hundred millionth of a gram, and swing his sword less than a hundred millionth of a centimeter off the optimal blade-path. Lorwen had pulled off a slash of such astronomical difficulty with ease, and I knew just how difficult it had been thanks to <em>Dimension</em>. I couldn’t help but tremble from the fear and awe. It wasn’t a question of how he drew his sword, or how he moved his legs, or how he swung his arms or positioned his blade. This went well past any theory of the blade. This was the maximization of the potential of the human body.</p>

      <p>More thin slice lines ran through the Fury, rendering it into chopped meat. Lorwen looked over his shoulders at me, backlit by the light the vanishing monster emitted. Looking closely, not only was there none of the enemy’s blood on him, there wasn’t even any gore on his sword. His blade had been so absurdly fast that it had all been left within the monster’s body.</p>

      <p>“That was around, I wanna say <em>thirty percent</em> of what I could do in my heyday,” he said with a dissatisfied look on his face as he came back.</p>

      <p>“Thirty percent? <em>That?</em>” I wasn’t willing to readily believe that such god-tier moves weren’t even half of his peak.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I feel so sluggish. But it can’t be helped. Since I was made the Guardian of Floor 30, they must have set my strength level at around that rank.”</p>

      <p>“Set your strength level? Something like that’s possible?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. The boss of Floor 30 needs to be at a strength level that matches the floor or else humanity’s in a jam, right?”</p>

      <p>“That’s awfully kind of the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>“The Dungeon is real human-friendly. I hear a tender-hearted dude created it,” he said, casually spouting off information I couldn’t imagine anybody on the surface was privy to.</p>

      <p>“So you’re saying somebody actively created this Dungeon?”</p>

      <p>“I am. Though there’s a rule that I can’t say who. Just know that <em>somebody</em> did,” he said, smirking meaningfully.</p>

      <p>It seemed there was a cap on the information Guardians were allowed to share with divers. Lorwen had called it a rule. But this was such important intel that I couldn’t afford to back down.</p>

      <p>“How knowledgeable about the Dungeon are you?”</p>

      <p>He gave it a moment’s thought before shaking his head. “Not very. All I know is that in exchange for an opportunity to work through my lingering attachments, I have a duty to guide humans to the hundredth floor.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know whether he was lying. Maybe he was forced by some other rule to give me that as a canned answer. I tried to probe his expression, but he just smiled faintly and shook his head again.</p>

      <p>“It’s true. I swear as your friend, I’m telling the truth. My transformation into a Guardian was the sloppiest, so they never explained much of anything to me. One second I was staring down Reaper, the next, I was suddenly sucked in. Nobody told me a thing.”</p>

      <p>“Sucked in? By what?”</p>

      <p>“By the land. There’s a spell—no, a magic circle for that. And before we knew it, Reaper and I got flung into the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Could you tell me more about that day? I wanna know about your and Reaper’s past.”</p>

      <p>“Our past is no big whoop. I was a knight in some war, and Reaper was a spell injected into that war. The end. Yep, that’s really all there is to it,” he said, smiling as he reminisced.</p>

      <p>That smile said it all. He was strolling down memory lane regarding his encounters with Reaper.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t about to give up there. I wanted more intel. “How far in the past are we talking? This morning, the color of the sky had you all surprised. Has the world changed that much?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. I think they said I’d be called back a thousand years later. So it was probably a thousand years ago. A millennium’s a long-ass time; there’s bound to be global-scale changes. I really was taken aback by how the sky had changed color. A thousand years ago, it was just constant warfare. That whole era was so tiresome. And there I was, a knight in the thick of it, trying to make a name for myself when I fell with my ambitions unfulfilled,” he said, speaking of his own untimely end like it wasn’t that big a deal.</p>

      <p>I picked up on a medley of emotions—not just regret or sorrow, but also nostalgia. I didn’t know what to say to a living dead man, so I didn’t open my mouth.</p>

      <p>Upon seeing me like that, Lorwen laughed. “Ha ha! I’m telling you, don’t worry about it, man. That’s just life. It’s rare <em>not</em> to die with some regrets.”</p>

      <p>“That may be true, but even so, I can’t laugh in the face of someone who’s died.”</p>

      <p>“You sure are straitlaced, Kanami. Let’s be more easygoing.”</p>

      <p>“Easygoing?”</p>

      <p>As if to tell me to relax the tension in my shoulders, he rolled his own to loosen them up.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, man. You should enjoy it more. The Dungeon, I mean.”</p>

      <p>“What’s there to enjoy?”</p>

      <p>“The deeper you dive, the stronger you get. And isn’t getting stronger fun?”</p>

      <p>This Dungeon Guardian’s words were pregnant with meaning. He made it sound as though the Dungeon has been set up precisely to make humans stronger. He didn’t assert it outright, but his image of the Dungeon came through his phrasings.</p>

      <p>“You’re right. It <em>is</em> fun getting stronger,” I replied without prevarication.</p>

      <p>As a lover of video games, I enjoyed level grinding, that much was indisputable.</p>

      <p>“Good. Get stronger for me. That’s the reason I brought you here.”</p>

      <p>“Er, what do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“You want to get stronger so you can hold onto your way of life. And as a Guardian, I want to make you stronger since you’ve got so much promise. Our interests are aligned. And the Dungeon is the ideal training ground.”</p>

      <p>“So, uh, Guardians make humans stronger because they have a duty to guide humans to the hundredth floor?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. Or so I’m told.”</p>

      <p>That was hard to swallow. From what I’d heard, the hundredth floor had the power to grant any wish. Wouldn’t it make more sense for them to be hindering divers in order to protect that floor?</p>

      <p>“But the hundredth floor has this amazing treasure...or rather, something like a <em>power</em>, right? You’re saying Guardians are around to cede that power to humans? Really?”</p>

      <p>“Maybe? That, I dunno much about.”</p>

      <p>“‘Maybe,’ he says...”</p>

      <p>“It’s certainly true that a strange ‘power’ is stashed on the hundredth floor. But nobody’s told me to guard it or to give it away. I was just told to guide people, so that’s what I’m doing.”</p>

      <p>“A Guardian’s duty sounds awfully half-cocked to me.”</p>

      <p>“I’m right there with ya, bud. So much about it all seems loose and unfinished. It ain’t <em>like</em>—.”</p>

      <p>Not like who? The “somebody” who created the Dungeon?</p>

      <p>Since he was bound by his rule not to talk about the creator, I shifted topics. “I welcome you making me stronger with open arms, but are you okay with that? If I get stronger, won’t your goal of winning the Brawl become harder?”</p>

      <p>“You don’t gotta worry about that. The stronger the enemies, the greater the glory for me, so this is by no means a bad deal for me. Besides, the Brawl isn’t the be-all, end-all of glory-winning. If it doesn’t work out, I’ll just ponder my next move.”</p>

      <p>“’Kay, got it.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t particularly care one way or the other. While Lorwen had to jump through a variety of hoops to accomplish his objective, all I had to do to accomplish mine was get stronger. If I got stronger, nobody would be able to threaten me. If I got stronger, I’d become able to rub Lorwen out in a one-on-one. If I got stronger, I’d be able to extract information about my memories from Palinchron or those two girls by force if necessary. My options would multiply.</p>

      <p>“All right, I’ll set my sights on getting stronger for now. Let’s go, Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>“You got it. Let’s hit the area around Floor 30 for the time being.”</p>

      <p>In the end, it was the same as always. I leveled up while Dungeon diving and accumulated some money in the process. My situation hadn’t really changed dramatically, but there was a stability in that, and that was close to the most optimal way to be for me. Together with Lorwen, I delved deeper into the Dungeon.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Unlike Snow, Lorwen was a very cooperative partner to have. He never slacked off and he never complained. That alone was a huge help. Even better, the way he battled was different from Snow’s sloppy fighting style; it was fantastic how it was based on precise calculations. He attached importance to coordinating with his collaborator, drawing out combat results that were more efficient than otherwise. To put it bluntly, he was a hundred times easier to fight alongside than Snow.</p>

      <p>The blade he was using was an ordinary sword, so his attacks didn’t work on the Crystal Golems and the like, but his ability to disrupt and confuse as the vanguard of our two-man team was out of this world. He continually dodged the enemy’s attacks right in front of it and used martial arts not unlike aikido to throw it off-balance. By serving as a splendid decoy, he upped our efficiency, decreasing the time it took by as much as fifty percent. We reached Floor 30 in about half the time it had taken the day before. We grabbed a breather on the enemyless Floor 30, sitting on the colorful, shining rocks.</p>

      <p>“I gotta say, Kanami, you’re packing some good magic.”</p>

      <p>He must have been able to see <em>Dimension</em> because he was pointing at the magic energy in the vicinity.</p>

      <p>“You mean the dimensional spell I’ve got up?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. The fact that your eyes are able to follow my movements is thanks to that spell, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it is. This dimensional magic makes life easier for me in a lot of ways.”</p>

      <p>If it wasn’t for <em>Dimension</em>, I might still be around the Floor 10 area. That was how high a percentage of my overall strength it occupied.</p>

      <p>“Your knack for battle ain’t nothing to sneeze at either. Looks like things’ll be easy,” he continued.</p>

      <p>“Easy? What will be easy?”</p>

      <p>“I mean that with your Dexterity and Aptitude, I’ll probably be able to teach you my swordsmanship,” he said, blowing my mind with the most easygoing expression.</p>

      <p>“Huh? You can <em>teach</em> swordsmanship like that?” Given how godlike the sword slashes he’d displayed on Floor 21 were, I found that difficult to believe.</p>

      <p>“You’re more talented than you think, Kanami. With Dexterity and Aptitude like that, there’s no way you <em>shouldn’t</em> be able to learn it. I think you can acquire any normal skill.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen had said the words “dexterity” and “aptitude” a second time, leading me to believe he was referring to the stats.</p>

      <p>“You mean the numbers next to Dexterity and Aptitude have something to do with skills?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, they do. I don’t know much about it, mind you, so I can’t give you an explanation. Talk of stats and skills and stuff like that only started spreading a bit before I died.”</p>

      <p>It looked as though the concepts of stats and skills had only come into being a thousand years prior.</p>

      <p>“In any case, you can acquire any skill in this world, no ifs, ands, or buts about it. And super easily too.”</p>

      <p>“Any skill? That can’t be.”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t quick to believe it. While I was confident when it came to my stats, which were crazy enough to make the Laoravian priest I’d met through Palinchron look flabbergasted every time he checked, that didn’t mean I could mirror Lorwen’s swordsmanship so easily.</p>

      <p>“I ain’t lying. As a dimension-element mage, I’m sure it’s possible for you.”</p>

      <p>“But... But then, isn’t it weird I don’t have more skills than I do? The only three I have are Dimensional Magic, Ice Magic, and Swordplay. If it’s that easy for me to learn new skills, shouldn’t I already have more?”</p>

      <p>“That’s because you haven’t actively tried to pick up new skills. Maybe you were unconsciously operating under the assumption your skills can’t multiply that easily.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, who wouldn’t?”</p>

      <p>That a person could only gain one or two skills in their lifetime was the prevailing view here. Everybody regarded it as common sense, and that had trickled down to me.</p>

      <p>“Listen. It <em>is</em> easy as long as you tick the boxes. Dimensional mages generally excel at observation. By using your dimensional magic to closely watch the movements of a person with a skill, you can learn it yourself. That’s all you’ve gotta do. As far as I know, you can pick up on a scary amount of info, gain an awareness of it all, and memorize it. And you’ve got the talent to accurately mimic all of it too. Trust me, you’ll be able to reproduce my swordsmanship.”</p>

      <p>He pointed the blade he was holding toward my eyes, the first time he’d assumed a sword stance all day. Then, to model the move, he swung it lightly downward. Though the swing was light, it was executed beautifully. It seemed to me like a specific sword technique honed to perfection. I could practically sense the history behind that polished and elegant motion.</p>

      <p>“Was that a move from a particular school of the blade?”</p>

      <p>“I knew it... The fact you were able to tell that swing was some kind of technique already sets you apart from the rest. Any ordinary person would have seen it as just another sword swing. But you were able to conclude at first glance that I was using some kind of technique from the friction of my muscles, the shifting of my center of gravity, the fixing of my gaze, the particular way I relaxed my tension, the swinging of my arms, and the overall execution. You need to understand how amazing that is.”</p>

      <p>I had no rebuttal. Recently, I’d taken to keeping my dimensional magic up the whole time I was awake, and I’d also gotten into the habit of trying to understand phenomena within the spell’s range. It was like a shortcut to success, a way to familiarize myself with an alien world. However, it seemed that the more I leveled up, the more that technique ascended to become a different beast. It was certainly possible that at this point, as long as it was within the range of what was humanly possible, there was nothing I couldn’t comprehend.</p>

      <p>To liken it to something on Earth, I’d be able to see through any illusion a magician could attempt. I’d figure out the type of pitch and the speed before the pro pitcher even threw the ball. I’d even be able to understand the workings behind secret martial arts techniques with thousands of years of history before ever receiving them. And all with a single glance. By using relatable Earth analogies, it finally sank in how insane that was.</p>

      <p>“For the time being, I think I’ll have you copy all of my skills. And the skill I’ve got the most confidence in is Swordplay, so that’s the first thing I’ll pass down to you.”</p>

      <p>Once again, Lorwen swung his sword in an elegant, flowing manner. He slashed the air over and over from every angle—from above, at a slant, from the side, and everything in between, and always with perfect form. His eyes were on me the whole time; he was telling me to watch and imitate.</p>

      <p>“If you’re willing to teach me, I’ll copy you without reservation. Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>.”</p>

      <p>I grokked the beautiful sword swing via <em>Dimension</em>, suffusing the area around Lorwen with magic energy and gathering all information about his motion—and not just simple physical movements of the muscles. I also absorbed detailed information regarding the tiny fluctuations of Lorwen’s magic energy, as well as regarding his heartbeat, blood pressure, amount of sweat, line of sight, and so on. These sorts of techniques were not something that could be achieved through the body alone. It also had a lot to do with the mind. In order to imitate him all the way down to his mental state, I searched for all kinds of information. The state of mind that one would inevitably reach after tireless repetition. I committed it all to memory—the swing down, the diagonal slash, the side slice, the thrust, the sweeping stroke. Looking back, I realized I’d never watched anything this intently in my whole life.</p>

      <p>In battle, it was important to collect the minimum necessary information with the minimum amount of effort. As such, it had never occurred to me to steal people’s skills using <em>Dimension</em>. Now that Lorwen’s magnificent display was over, I started swinging my sword, following his example. With my superhuman powers of observation and memory, I retraced the gorgeous bladework he’d shown me. Of course, I was moving slowly compared to him, but I was confident that my swings were otherwise identical.</p>

      <p>Lorwen applauded. “Damn, that’s amazing. You really did perfectly emulate my moves after a single glance. If a swordfighter undergoing serious training were to see you now, they’d probably lose it.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks to the effects of my magic, it’s easy to mimic moves, but it’s just monkey see monkey do.”</p>

      <p>“Bro, normally it takes years just to get to the point where you can mimic a swordfighter’s form, so...”</p>

      <p>With a wry smile, Lorwen unleashed another set of varied sword movements. I admonished myself for spouting such careless remarks. Lorwen might have been able to belt out god-tier techniques easily <em>now</em>, but he must have had a training period in the past, and what I’d just said made light of his blood, sweat, and tears.</p>

      <p>“Er, I... I’m sorry, Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t apologize to me. It’s the swordfighters of the world you oughta apologize to. I’m actually in a fantastic mood—a promising new disciple has appeared before me!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? A disciple? Me?” The word made me tense up a little.</p>

      <p>“Just you wait and see—I’ll make you a master of the Arrace School of Swordsmanship in time for the Brawl!” he said enthusiastically, if unilaterally.</p>

      <p>Ever since he’d made me his best friend out of nowhere, I’d known there was a chance Lorwen had a tendency to get ahead of himself.</p>

      <p><em>The Arrace Clan, huh? If I’m not wrong, in this day and age, they’re one of the leading noble families, and the one with the Blademaster in it. Lorwen might actually be an ancestor of theirs.</em></p>

      <p>Visibly amped up, he continued, letting his imagination run away from him like a little kid’s. “I can see it now! Master and disciple, squaring off during the final climactic match of the Brawl! The elegant swordsmanship of the Arrace School will captivate the masses through our beautiful clash of blades. And that means that even if I lose, I’m guaranteed to attain glory as the master who <em>taught</em> Kanami, winner of the tournament. I’m thinking I’ll say something along the lines of, ‘Heh. Kanami, my top disciple... Looks like you’ve surpassed your master. Well done. Seeing how much you’ve grown, I feel happy, but also sad... I hereby acknowledge your initiation into the Arrace School.’ I’ll be the center of attention from the masses as the scowly swordmaster who passed down legendary sword skills!”</p>

      <p>“Sure, if you’re happy with that, you can call me your disciple.”</p>

      <p>Putting aside how cliché it was, that scenario certainly suited me. This way, everybody won. No matter who took the tournament between me and him, glory would be his, and I’d master his sword techniques.</p>

      <p>“All right!” said Lorwen, “<em>That</em>’ll put me on the map! This, I don’t mind!”</p>

      <p>“Calm down, Master. Take a deep breath and then teach me the next thing.”</p>

      <p>After hearing me call him “Master,” his relaxed expression grew even more so. He twirled the sword in his hand like a baton, making it glint like he was doing a dance.</p>

      <p>“Heh. Sure, that’s fine. I, Lorwen Arrace, third head of the Arrace Clan, hereby vow that I shall make Aikawa Kanami the successor of the blade-style of the Arraces!”</p>

      <p>He was smiling a nice smile, enjoying himself from the bottom of his heart. As his closest friend, I was happy for him. Having fun was a good thing. That was enough to brush away almost all my stresses and cares. With a strained smile, I seared the scene of Lorwen Arrace rejoicing into my mind, the image of him smiling heartily, despite the possibility that death would us part. And I had no intention of stopping him.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Amid the field of many-colored flowers, a bell-like ringing sounded.</p>

      <p>Lorwen and I were clashing blades, shattering the gem-flowers underfoot and illuminating the otherwise dim limestone cavern of a floor with the resulting sparks. No normal person would be able to track our swords with their eyes, such was our speed. At first glance, the fight would seem like a battle to the death, but that wasn’t what it was to us, because while we were swinging our weapons at speeds an ordinary onlooker couldn’t process, for us it was slow enough that we could stay our hands any time we chose.</p>

      <p>That fearsome battle of blades came to an end when Lorwen’s sword stopped at my left wrist.</p>

      <p>“Dammit,” I said, panting. “I can’t land a single sword stroke against you!”</p>

      <p>“I mean, if you beat me in a sword duel after a little bit of practice, I could hardly call myself your master,” he replied with a wry grin, scratching his head.</p>

      <p>His nonchalance deflated my confidence. “But I’m using <em>Calculash</em> and everything!”</p>

      <p>While I’d been expending MP and keeping my dimensional spell up, Lorwen hadn’t been using any magic. Coming up this short when I had a handicap was pathetic.</p>

      <p>Lorwen cocked his head in puzzlement. “You seem pretty chagrined that you can’t beat me. Tell me if I’m wrong, but I’m guessing you’ve never lost before, huh?”</p>

      <p>I had no words. It wasn’t that I’d never lost before. I’d tasted defeat plenty of times. But that was back in <em>my</em> world. Ever since I’d come to <em>this</em> world, I’d always come out on top. Thanks to the blessing that was my stats spread, I’d remained undefeated in combat. Yet now, that no-loss record was about to crumble to Lorwen’s might, and that did make me feel somewhat...or no, maybe <em>very</em> bitter would be more accurate.</p>

      <p>“Looks like I hit the bull’s-eye. But this is just training. It’s not like you’re inferior to me overall. If this were a real fight, you wouldn’t be coming at me using a sword, would ya?”</p>

      <p>“Hm...well, probably not, I guess.”</p>

      <p>Lorwen’s weak point was apparent at a glance. It was the paucity of his magic energy.</p>

      <p>“If someone uses freezing magic on me from afar, or I get attacked by arrows or traps or the like, I haven’t got a way to fight back, so you don’t gotta get so anxious. Getting panicky or impatient never helps.”</p>

      <p>He couldn’t craft a proper spell for the life of him, and that was evidently why he’d staked his future on the blade and honed his craft to such stellar heights. But then again, it was for that very reason that I wound up thinking I wanted to beat him at his own game someday. It was an immature impulse, but that was the desire brimming in my heart.</p>

      <p>The words came spilling out. “Even so, I wanna beat you in a sword duel!”</p>

      <p>“You do, do ya?”</p>

      <p>My reasons were childish. Lorwen was the strongest swordfighter, and that title made him a dazzling paragon to me. The impact and the ring of the title had taken hold. I found myself longing to be not some mage that battled from a distance, but a swordsman who fought at the front lines. Besides, if it was just a challenge to attempt, it didn’t cost me anything.</p>

      <p>“Good!” Lorwen’s lips curled; he could practically taste my ambition. “It ain’t fun for me otherwise!”</p>

      <p>It seemed his heart was pounding with excitement at the birth of a sword rival he could never have seen coming. Then he came swinging, signaling that it was time to resume our training. As always, the slash he traced was a work of art. And as always, the operative phrase for his swordsmanship was “no wasted movement.” He aimed at what was theoretically the point on the opponent’s body that would hamper them the most, swinging his sword at the theoretical closest and fastest line between point A and point B.</p>

      <p>That was the baseline. The <em>really</em> troublesome thing was how he was in conscious control of all of his body’s motions. Consequently, he threw in countless feints in the most minute details. He’d suddenly change his line of sight, shift his weight in unforeseen ways, or put his strength into strange areas. That was all he needed to do to engender doubt and confusion in me, who was grasping things via <em>Dimension.</em> When I fell for a feint and swung my sword suboptimally, it was over the very next instant when Lorwen’s blade made contact with me.</p>

      <p>He feinted in innumerable ways in the twinkling of an eye, always with an unruffled expression, and always without the aid of <em>Dimension</em> or anything like it. He’d reached unfathomable heights in both body and mind, and my heart wouldn’t stop thumping as I observed it all, sending large amounts of blood all through my veins. It wasn’t just my brain but also my body as a whole that was telling me that if I didn’t run at full capacity, I wouldn’t be able to keep up with the man before me.</p>

      <p>Every one of Lorwen’s moves was a masterwork that deserved a place in history. Clashing blade against blade like this was objectively a savage and barbarous thing, yet I felt like I was walking through a renowned and expansive gallery of art. Each of his moves was as enchanting as the last, and whenever I mimicked it to respond in kind, he would send yet another masterwork for me to mirror. Thus, I could view more art without a moment’s pause. It was just too beautiful, too fun. I lost track of time as I continued strolling through the museum called Lorwen, much like a little kid with stars in their eyes walking through an unfamiliar new world.</p>

      <p>When I was a kid, I thought they were so cool. The heroes swinging their swords on the other side of my LCD screen. The blade battles where both sides shed blood over everything that mattered to them. Like most kids, I’d viewed it as more badass than something to fear. There was always that tension between how brutish and immoral it was and how utterly dazzling and enchanting it looked. That was what swords represented to me. And not only was the exemplar of that dream of being an awesome swordsman right there in front of me, I was able to keep pace. I was enjoying the time I was spending this way more than any sport or video game or other form of entertainment. I got so stuck in it that I had no idea how much time had passed, and when I finally crossed my fatigue threshold, I fell to my knees.</p>

      <p>“Hff, hff, hff!” I felt heavy, as if I’d run for kilometers straight with no oxygen.</p>

      <p>Even Lorwen had broken a sweat, albeit a small one. “Hff, hff...”</p>

      <p>He asked me a genuine question as he wiped his sweat. One I didn’t think had anything to do with the blade.</p>

      <p>“Tell me if I’m wrong, but do you have a crazy good memory?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? I mean, yeah, I’m pretty sure I’ve got a good memory.”</p>

      <p>I’d already been confident in my memory back in my world too, and thanks to my leveling up in this one, my prowess at memorization had reached well past the realm of the human.</p>

      <p>“Sure, but I’m surprised you can throw out moves you learned an hour ago with exactly the same form.”</p>

      <p>“Once I commit one to memory, I can be pretty sure I’ll never forget it.”</p>

      <p>“Normally, you’d have to repeat the move over and over again to get your body used to it, but...I guess you don’t even need to do <em>that.</em> Let me tell ya, Aptitude really is a scary stat.” Lorwen broke into a cold sweat distinct from the exertion sweat from earlier. “Then again, I’ve got your Aptitude to thank for having taught you more or less all of the basics of the blade this quickly. All right, let’s keep it up and teach ya the secret techniques.”</p>

      <p>“The secret techniques already?”</p>

      <p>“At the speed you picked it all up, I’ve got no more fundamentals to teach ya. If I take ya at your word, I don’t need to run through ’em a second time, after all. Now try mimicking this next move for me. I think it’s gonna hit a bit different from what you’ve been practicing thus far.”</p>

      <p>My training had finally reached the secret techniques stage. I’d likely finished in a few hours the kind of thing a master transmitted to an inheritor of a craft over a matter of decades. Lorwen smiled wryly as he manipulated his magic energy. Apparently, the Arrace School secret move made use of magic energy, and it was low-cost enough to be workable despite Lorwen’s meager amount of it. His energy transferred to the sword he was holding and covered its surface before solidifying into a physical shape. The hardened energy expanded and contracted in accordance with his will.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve seen that technique somewhere.</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, is that the skill ‘Magic Power Materialization’?”</p>

      <p>“Wait, you know it?”</p>

      <p>“Um, yeah. I know about it... Wait, where did I see it again? Uh...”</p>

      <p>“Well, if you know about it, that makes my job easier. You understand how the breadth of what you can do with the blade expands if you’ve got this in your arsenal, right?”</p>

      <p>I nodded, and at that moment, he swung his sword lightly and smoothly, cutting a flower his blade would have never reached otherwise. It seemed he’d effectively lengthened the blade through Magic Power Materialization.</p>

      <p>“Okay, so now I’m gonna fight ya usin’ Magic Power Materialization as gently as possible. I want ya to analyze closely the process by which the energy anchors on.”</p>

      <p>He put the sword down on its side and lengthened and contracted the energy once again, though this time he did it very slowly so that I could grasp the mechanism behind it. Using <em>Layered Dimension</em>, I observed it down to the smallest detail. The element of the energy was close to Void. Lorwen had called himself the Thief of Earth’s Essence, but it appeared he didn’t use Earth-element magic energy for his super moves. Pure, plain, elementless magic energy clung to the sword, repeatedly expanding and contracting as it writhed.</p>

      <p>I tracked the movement of that energy with the intention of observing it down to the molecular motion. How did the particles of magic move? How did they function? I gradually unraveled the rules and seared them into my brain.</p>

      <p>The intensity of my concentration mounted at accelerating speeds; one second became divided into tenths of a second and then further divided into hundredths of a second. By the end, I came to understand the intertwining laws of the world that ticked at increments of shorter than a hundredth of a second. And then I posited the existence of an element that didn’t exist in the laws of physics called “magic energy,” working out the formulas and equations underpinning that phenomenon by filling in the assignment expressions.</p>

      <p>“Okay, I think I’ve got it down for the most part.”</p>

      <p>“Damn, you really understand the gist after seeing it one time, huh?”</p>

      <p>I set about trying my hand at reproducing Magic Power Materialization myself. I spread my energy into the equation for the crafting of spells that was etched into my brain—the so-called “magic formula.” I manipulated the magic energy flowing from my body, making it creep into the sword I was holding to cover it before solidifying it. But try as I might, the energy wasn’t solidifying, and I knew why. It was the difference in the nature of our magic energy. His was as quiet as a clear stream. Moreover, it was elementless, uncolored energy. My energy, on the other hand, was as restless as white water rapids, and it was far from plain and elementless. No matter how hard I tried, the colors of dimensional and ice magic ended up getting mixed in. The trick to Magic Power Materialization was to quietly harden magic energy that was void in nature, and while I understood that, I just couldn’t make it work.</p>

      <p>“Urgh, it’s...it’s hard,” I said, furrowing my brow.</p>

      <p>“Guess even you can’t reproduce it right off the bat. Actually, this technique is the kind ya master over a lifetime, so...”</p>

      <p>But I didn’t wait to listen to the whole sentence before I gave up on that and tried the next magic formula. If the magic energy I was using wouldn’t turn colorless, I just had to try a formula that would produce the same result even with a different kind of magic energy.</p>

      <p>“Argh, it’s so hard...so I’ll just do <em>this!”</em></p>

      <p>Instead of colorless energy, I generated energy of the very familiar ice type and coated my sword with it. If I stopped there, it would just be an <em>Ice Flamberge</em>, so I attracted the moisture in the air and froze it as a substitute for solidified magic energy. By doing that over and over again, I managed to lengthen the sword tip. I’d brute-forced it, but with this, I’d invented a skill that was a stand-in for Magic Power Materialization. I swung my ice blade the same way Lorwen had and cut an otherwise unreachable flower too.</p>

      <p>To give this skill a name... “Maybe I’ll call it Magic Energy Freezing?”</p>

      <p>“I dunno, man...isn’t that basically a totally different skill at that point? I’d say if anything, it’s closer to a spell than a skill.”</p>

      <p>“But the result’s the same, no?”</p>

      <p>“You’ve got a point there.”</p>

      <p>Most likely, it didn’t measure up to Lorwen’s Magic Power Materialization in terms of sharpness and hardness. My Magic Energy Freezing was that full of weak spots and that fresh out of the oven.</p>

      <p>“Gotta say, it really does seem like you can master everything in a day. Now all I’ve got left to teach ya is the final secret move.”</p>

      <p>He must have determined that I’d learned something comparable enough to Magic Power Materialization, because he was moving onto the next thing.</p>

      <p>“The final secret move. I like the sound of that.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry to get your hopes up, but it’s not some amazing sword technique.”</p>

      <p>“Huh, it’s not? Even though it’s the final move of a blade art?”</p>

      <p>“Nope.”</p>

      <p>He closed his eyes, then quelled the already quiet magic energy inside him. Sure, his energy wasn’t making the slightest movement, but to me, it looked like he was just standing there.</p>

      <p>“Wait, that’s the final secret move?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it doesn’t actually have a name, but...a certain person called it a skill named ‘Responsiveness.’ This is the true secret of my strength.” He beckoned me with his hand.</p>

      <p>“You’re saying I’ll understand if I attack you?”</p>

      <p>He quietly nodded. I was of two minds. The guy had his eyes closed, for one. Furthermore, I didn’t sense the tiniest usage of magic power; he was honestly just standing there. Since he couldn’t see, he’d probably end up eating any sword stroke.</p>

      <p>After a moment of hesitation, I decided to believe in him and took a step forward. Knowing what a master he was, he might be able to defend himself by reading my footsteps or the air currents. I swung my sword at a decent speed, and I wasn’t disappointed, because he blocked my strike with his blade. He brushed off my sword and swung at me in the same fluid motion, without an ounce of hesitation to be seen in his movement. His sword blade lengthened toward one of my vitals. I somehow managed to fully block the attack, but his onslaught didn’t stop there. It was almost like he <em>could</em> see. Actually, no, his movements were even more precise than if he’d had his eyes open. After several clashes, Lorwen successfully disarmed me, knocking the blade out of my hands.</p>

      <p>“But your eyes are closed...so how?”</p>

      <p>If he’d been using magic energy, I would have understood. But he hadn’t been using the tiniest bit. He’d beat me purely with his body alone.</p>

      <p>“This is the Responsiveness skill. I’m told it’s a power that can detect everything in the world, from the air to magic energy to more.”</p>

      <p>In the face of this skill’s sheer strength, all I could do was smile faintly.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>