<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Thank you for picking up <em>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles</em> Vol. 3. To those following from the previous volume, I hope you’ve been well these past three months (hey, that’s not so long!). To those who decided to jump in from here, welcome. It’s a pleasure to meet you.</p>

      <p>I have so much to talk about...but I’m already out of space! Sorry! With that being the case, I’d like to get right into the acknowledgments.</p>

      <p>Firstly, to Miyuki Ruria-sama: thank you for yet another volume full of beautiful artwork and for bringing my characters to life in gorgeous detail. Your tender illustrations are a balm to my soul. To my editor, S-sama: I can never thank you enough for putting up with all the inconvenience I caused you with this volume. May you continue to be my guiding voice. To everybody in the editing department, the proofreaders, the designers, and everybody else involved with making this book a reality: thank you, thank you, thank you. And last but not least, my most heartfelt thanks to all of the readers who have stayed since the previous volume.</p>

      <p>I’ll keep the chuuni rays at full blast over here, so I hope you’ll stick around.</p>

      <p>May we meet again.</p>

      <p class="signature">奉 (Tatematsuri)</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>