<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>A Dance with the Amethyst Princess</h2>

      <p>“Thank you for coming.”</p>

      <p>Claudia cut a striking figure in her white dress. Around her, soaring melodies, stately tempos, and peaceful chatter held gentle sway over the great hall.</p>

      <p>“Not at all.” Hiro nodded in acknowledgment. “I should thank you for inviting me.”</p>

      <p>She shot him a smile. “The fourth prince of the empire ought not to be so reserved.”</p>

      <p>The subtext was clear—<em>your status far outstrips mine</em>—but as far as Hiro was concerned, his position had no meaning outside of the empire.</p>

      <p>“This is Lebering, Your Highness,” he said. “You outrank me here.”</p>

      <p>Her eyebrows pulled together in dissatisfaction. “And Lebering lies under the aegis of the Grantzian Empire. Our stations are as heaven and earth.” A shadow crept over her dainty features.</p>

      <p>“If you say so. But let’s forget about all that for tonight.”</p>

      <p>Hiro decided not to linger on the subject any further. Any attempt to raise her spirits seemed doomed to failure.</p>

      <p>Something shifted in the crowd, and he looked around. In the middle of the hall, noblemen were taking their ladies’ hands and beginning to dance.</p>

      <p>“Have you ever danced, Lord Hiro?” Claudia asked.</p>

      <p>“I’m afraid I haven’t lived the kind of life where you learn how. I’d probably trip over my own feet.”</p>

      <p>One thousand years ago, he had spent all of his time on the front lines, and even now, he had only been the fourth prince for a matter of weeks. He didn’t have much experience attending banquets and balls.</p>

      <p>“Why don’t you let me show you?”</p>

      <p>Claudia held out a hand. Hiro hesitated for a moment, but relented. It would be more polite to entertain her.</p>

      <p>“I’ll warn you, I wasn’t lying. I’ll be an awful partner.”</p>

      <p>“That’s quite all right. It matters not whether you can follow the steps, only that you enjoy the dance.”</p>

      <p>She led Hiro to the middle of the hall. As they took up position, the nobles around them fell back to afford them space. More began to gather at the fringes, eager to see their princess dance with the fourth prince.</p>

      <p>“Never you mind their stares.”</p>

      <p>Flashing a radiant smile, she pressed her body against his. Even that small motion drew a cheer from the crowd. Hiro felt himself wilt with embarrassment, but a noble of his station could not let it show. All he could do was trust Claudia’s judgment.</p>

      <p>“Now, lay your hand on my waist.” Her voice was like honey in his ear.</p>

      <p>Hiro did as he was asked, cupping his left hand around her hip. He took her left hand firmly in his right, bringing them even closer together.</p>

      <p>“Let’s try moving. Just follow my lead.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll try,” he said hesitantly.</p>

      <p>With his jaw set tight, he did his best to match Claudia’s movements, and the pair began to dance. They matched their steps to the orchestra, a silent glide punctuated by bursts of sudden boldness.</p>

      <p>“Anybody would think you had done this before.” Claudia giggled. Her gaze softened.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure? I feel like I’m barely keeping up.”</p>

      <p>“Quite certain. But then, is it really a surprise that the War God’s scion excels at whatever he sets his mind to?”</p>

      <p>Their feet traced out brisk steps as their motions grew steadily wilder. Nobles watched in awe from all sides as the tempo of their dance alternated between tranquil calm and passionate haste.</p>

      <p>“Don’t you just wish that times like these could last forever?” Claudia’s whisper was breathy with the exertion of the dance, and all the more alluring for it.</p>

      <p>“Do you know why we invented time?” Hiro asked.</p>

      <p>She cocked her head in bemusement. “So we could work more efficiently, I suppose.”</p>

      <p>“So we could feel it slip away. We count it by hours to remind ourselves not to waste it.” He gripped her waist a little tighter, pulling her closer. “Counting time connects us to the past. It helps us recall a particular day, a particular moment.”</p>

      <p>Their lips drew close enough to touch. The endless abyss of Hiro’s eye stared into Claudia’s own.</p>

      <p>“And it shapes the future. The past is the bridge between the present and what is yet to come.”</p>

      <p>Applause fell around them. Claudia gazed back at Hiro, her cheeks flushed pink.</p>

      <p>“Or that’s what I think, anyway. That’s why we value the time we have. Why we treasure these moments we share.” Hiro stepped away with a flamboyant bow. “Thank you for your time, Your Highness. It was a pleasure to spend it with you.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all,” Claudia replied. “You have been delightful company.”</p>

      <p>She pressed her hands to her cheeks and averted her gaze, trying and failing to hide her blush.</p>

      <h2>First Brush with Huginn</h2>

      <p>The end of the fighting in Lichtein marked a period of calm in Berg Fortress. It was another peaceful day, and Hiro was cooped up in the study. All of a sudden, the door burst open with a crash that would make a grown man wince. Splinters flew across the room as dust billowed from the door.</p>

      <p>“Give me back the boss! And my oaf of a brother too!”</p>

      <p>A woman stood in the doorframe, holding a nocked bow.</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” Hiro said, nonplussed, “but who are you?”</p>

      <p>Her eyebrows arched in anger. “The name’s Huginn, lieutenant of the Liberation Army!”</p>

      <p>“Huh,” Hiro said. He picked up a sheet of paper on his desk—a list of the Fourth Legion’s prisoners of war—and scanned it. “Are you sure? I don’t see you on here.”</p>

      <p>“Aye, ’cause I’m not! My squad was away on other business when you captured the rest.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, she had been tasked with scouting Azbakal, scoping out the duchy’s movements, when communications from “the boss”—by which Hiro supposed she meant Garda—had ceased. Sensing that something was wrong, she had cut her reconnaissance short and tried to reconvene with the main force, but it had been too late. The Liberation Army had been defeated and the ducal forces had surrendered.</p>

      <p>“I’ve been trying to break everyone else out ever since, but you imperials keep a tight watch. You’re good, I’ll admit it!” She glared at Hiro for a second, gritting her teeth in chagrin, before a wave of surprise came over her face. “Argh! I’m not here to sing your praises! Just give me back the boss and my fool of a brother!”</p>

      <p>Hiro could only marvel at her impressive array of expressions. Unfortunately, all he could offer her was a rueful smile. Garda had already agreed to act as his lieutenant, he explained, and most of the rebels who had made up the Liberation Army were now soldiers in his own employ.</p>

      <p>Huginn cocked her head. “Eh? Employ? You mean you ain’t got ’em in chains?”</p>

      <p>“They were experienced sellswords and I needed men. I took on anybody who volunteered.”</p>

      <p>“Well, what about me, then?”</p>

      <p>“What about you? You’re not my prisoner.”</p>

      <p>“So what am I supposed to do?”</p>

      <p>“Go back to being a sellsword, I guess. Or you can join the rest in my employ. It’s up to you.”</p>

      <p>“Right! It’s a deal!”</p>

      <p>“Not so fast. I know this was my idea, but you’ll have to show me you can fight—”</p>

      <p>Before Hiro could finish his sentence, Huginn released her bowstring. Had she lost her mind?! He dodged the incoming arrow, summoned a spirit weapon and closed in on her.</p>

      <p>“Wha—?!”</p>

      <p>Huginn tried to put some distance between them, but wielding a ranged weapon in a small room, she had no chance of fending Hiro off. He easily slipped behind her, into her blind spot.</p>

      <p>“It’s over—”</p>

      <p>Just as Hiro was certain he had won, Huginn’s foot came whistling toward his head. The roundhouse kick caught him completely off guard, and he only just raised his arm in time to block the explosive impact.</p>

      <p>“Sometimes a bow’s no use,” Huginn grinned, “so I learned to fight with my fists!”</p>

      <p>She rounded on Hiro with a succession of bullet-like punches. Ducking deftly away from them, he could not help but be impressed. She was strong—strong enough to take on ordinary fighters by the score. Eventually, the barrage bought her enough of an opening to spring back and launch an arrow.</p>

      <p>“Nicely done. You pass.” Hiro halted his pursuit, struck the arrow out of the air, and flashed her a smile.</p>

      <p>Huginn’s jaw dropped. “Did you just...? With a bloody sword?!”</p>

      <p>“Maybe I was a little economical with the truth earlier. Garda and Muninn did mention you, actually. They were worried about you. They said they wanted me to take you on if I had the chance.”</p>

      <p>He hadn’t agreed immediately. If he was going to take somebody into his employ, he had to make certain that they could handle themselves—doubly so if they were female.</p>

      <p>“But you’ve more than proven yourself,” Hiro continued. “You can join the new recruits tomorrow. For now, go find Garda and Muninn and...”</p>

      <p>He trailed off as he saw that she was staring at the ground. Her shoulders trembled oddly.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong?” he asked. “Are you cold?”</p>

      <p>At last, she raised her head. “<em>Who cuts a bloody arrow out of the air?!</em>” she cried, loosing a volley of shots at him.</p>

      <p>“Now hold on just a—!”</p>

      <p>“There! You did it again! Argh, just let me land <em>one</em>!”</p>

      <p>That was a slightly unreasonable demand when she was shooting to kill. A single hit would drop him stone dead. To his dismay, she began to cry.</p>

      <p>“Waaah! Let me hit you, you brute! I’ll draw blood before I’m through! You’ll see if I don’t!”</p>

      <p>Their sparring match continued until the sun went down, its original purpose long forgotten.</p>

      <h2>Liz, Rosa, and the Ring</h2>

      <p>“It’s only right that I should take it. I’m older than you.”</p>

      <p>“Then you shouldn’t be so selfish. Treat your little sister.”</p>

      <p>Liz and Rosa glared at one another over the ring and the necklace laid out on a table. Hiro looked on from a chair by the wall.</p>

      <p>“He already gave you that bracelet, did he not?”</p>

      <p>“He did, but...that’s not the same thing!” Liz sounded defiant, but she nonetheless moved her arm guiltily behind her back.</p>

      <p>Rosa snorted. “If you truly believed that, you wouldn’t be hiding it. You get a bracelet and I get a ring, is that not fair?”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s not! The necklace is way more your thing!”</p>

      <p>Rosa reached for the ring, but Liz smacked her hand away, snarling like a wildcat. Hiro, who had been watching their argument in silence, belatedly regretted not buying two rings.</p>

      <p>“You settle this, Hiro,” Liz demanded. “Who should get it?”</p>

      <p>“Agreed.” Rosa nodded. “You have to choose one of us.”</p>

      <p>“Erm...you know, I really didn’t put all that much thought into this, so...” His gaze wandered off to the side.</p>

      <p>Liz refused to take his mumbling for an answer. “Just hush and pick one of us already!” she said, leveling an impatient finger at him as she leaned forward to stare him in the eye.</p>

      <p>“I guess what I’m saying is, I don’t really mind... Ha ha...”</p>

      <p>Rosa sighed. “How can you be so decisive about policy, yet be unable to assert your way out of a paper bag when it comes to matters of the heart?”</p>

      <p>Hiro could only say that he was out of his depth. Personal feelings had no place on the battlefield; there, he steeled his heart and did what had to be done. There was no room for doubt. This, however, was a different kind of contest entirely. Giving the ring to Liz would sour Rosa’s mood, which could easily come back to bite him, given how dependent he was on her support. Giving it to Rosa, meanwhile, would jeopardize his relationship with Liz and might even affect her performance on the battlefield. Even emperors had ruined themselves trying to navigate the female heart. Hiro would have to choose carefully, thoughtfully, and decisively, or he would suffer the same fate as his predecessors.</p>

      <p>He rubbed his chin as he studied the pair. What to do? Liz’s eyes practically screamed “Pick me!”—she would certainly sulk if he turned her down, and that could cause all sorts of problems down the road. Rosa, meanwhile, was taking a seductive approach, crossing her arms to emphasize her ample bust. On the face of it, she looked calmer than her sister, but her smile very much did not reach her eyes. Much like Liz, it sent shivers down Hiro’s spine to think how she might take revenge if spurned.</p>

      <p>With his decision made, he drew a deep breath.</p>

      <p>“I’ll tell you what. Why don’t you take turns?”</p>

      <p>There was a beat of silence, and then both princesses expelled heavy sighs. Hiro couldn’t blame them for being dissatisfied, but that was the goal—better to have both of them roll their eyes than pick one and have the other at his throat. He wasn’t running away from the problem; this was a necessary step in his plan. That bore repeating: he was <em>not</em> running away.</p>

      <p>The rest of the plan went like this: First, by stepping back from the argument, he would pit them against each other. Once they had settled things between themselves, he would step in to tie everything up with a bow. Then all three could put all this behind them and go to the banquet with no hard feelings.</p>

      <p>“He’s useless. Let’s decide this ourselves.” Liz boxed with empty space. Her fists made a whooshing noise as they tore through the air.</p>

      <p>Rosa paled. “Sister dearest, you seem to be inviting me to my death.”</p>

      <p>It was hard to fault her trepidation. Rosa might have had some martial training, but Liz had a Spiritblade’s blessing. Their battle wouldn’t be much of a contest.</p>

      <p>“Well, how would you settle it?”</p>

      <p>“I say we let the Divines decide.” Rosa flashed a grin as she produced a gold coin. “One toss. Heads, I win; tails, you win. Does that sound fair?”</p>

      <p>Liz nodded meekly. Rosa curled her fingers as though holding a flagon of ale and set the coin atop them.</p>

      <p><em>So they toss coins in Aletia too</em>, Hiro thought.</p>

      <p>With a sharp ping, the disc went spinning up into the air. It came down again to land in Rosa’s hand.</p>

      <p>“Heads.” She smiled. “It seems I win.” With a smug smile, she claimed the ring. Liz looked on in dismay.</p>

      <p>Sensing the time was right, Hiro stepped in. “I’m glad that’s settled. Come on, we still need to get dressed for the banquet.”</p>

      <p>Liz rose wordlessly to her feet and shoved him out of the room. He looked back in confusion just as the door slammed shut in his face.</p>

      <p>“Go and think about what you’ve done,” came a voice from the other side. “And learn to make a decision while you’re at it.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, ma’am. Sorry, ma’am.”</p>

      <p>Her anger radiated even through the door, leaving him trembling like a rain-soaked puppy.</p>

      <h2>A Man Named Lox</h2>

      <p>“This war will soon reach its end, my king.” The deep voice addressed the roofless carriage. “What will you do once it is over?”</p>

      <p>“Once it’s over?” asked the boy within from his seat on the sofa.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Soon we will have the peace we have been fighting for.” Lox van Lebering turned his almond eyes to the sky. No clouds marred the blue. Sunlight showered down upon the plain, where wildflowers swayed contently in the breeze. “No matter how they struggle, they cannot stop us now.”</p>

      <p>He looked back down in time to catch the boy’s black eyes gazing into the distance for a moment before quietly lowering again.</p>

      <p>“Then I will have served my purpose,” the boy said. “I will dissolve the Crow Legion and disband the Black Hand.”</p>

      <p>Lox had intended to ask about the boy’s plans for himself, not his army, but he knew better than to press the point. Any further probing would only be deflected. With a sigh, he accepted the answer at face value.</p>

      <p>“And that satisfies you? Even once war’s fires no longer rage, its embers will still smolder. You will still be needed.”</p>

      <p>“It is statesmen the coming age will need, not generals. Peacetime doesn’t have any use for military men like us. We’ll only get in the way.”</p>

      <p>Lox nodded thoughtfully. True enough, it was not might that would build the next era, but the will to soothe the people’s woes, to see the land prosper, to reach out to other nations in friendship, and to build a lasting peace. What had once been the stuff of daydreams was slowly becoming reality, but the price would be leaving a large number of soldiers with nowhere to go. War had gripped the land for a long, long time. Few people even remembered what peace was like. Men who had only ever known battle would struggle to exist in a world without it, let alone find success there.</p>

      <p>Lox’s concerns must have shown on his face, because the boy cracked a rueful smile. “Well, I’m sure it’ll turn out all right in the end. That’s what we’ve fought for, after all.” He paused. “So, what will you do once the war is over?”</p>

      <p>Lox hesitated. “I mean to build a nation of my own, my king. A land free from discrimination, where all may join hands as one.”</p>

      <p>“You mean to leave the empire?” The boy’s eyebrows rose in surprise.</p>

      <p>Lox nodded uncomfortably. “I do.”</p>

      <p>He had expected a lecture. Instead, he received an encouraging smile.</p>

      <p>“As long as you won’t regret it. Your position is a lot to throw away.”</p>

      <p>“My mind has long been made up. This has been my dream since this conflict began.”</p>

      <p>The end of the war would rob many of their purpose, leaving them questioning where to go. Lox would create a sanctuary for those people—an ideal nation where all could join hands in harmony and none need be left behind.</p>

      <p>“Let me help you. After all the battles you’ve won for me, it’s the least I can do.” With a low chuckle, the boy stretched out a hand to the sky. “It’s nice, isn’t it? When we started out, we were all marching in step, but now we’re going our separate ways.”</p>

      <p>He closed his eyes and smiled, but the sight only struck Lox with anguish. He knew what this boy had endured. A surge of emotion overcame him.</p>

      <p>“My king,” he said, “you need only give us the order—” As soon as he spoke the words, he realized his error and clapped a hand over his mouth.</p>

      <p>The boy’s brow furrowed sadly. “You can’t talk like that, Lox. Not if you’re going to build a nation of your own.”</p>

      <p>He stopped his carriage and climbed out. Lox hurriedly dismounted and matched his pace.</p>

      <p>“We’re on the cusp of winning everything we’ve fought for, Lox. I couldn’t ask for anything more,” he said, adding under his breath, “That would be too much.”</p>

      <p>Lox heard that last whisper and stopped, leaving the boy to walk ahead alone. Gazing in dismay at his king’s receding back, he clenched his fists and gritted his teeth, cursing his own foolishness.</p>

      <p>“It is for you that I build this nation as much as for anybody else,” he murmured.</p>

      <p>Nobody had survived the war unscathed. Even this boy-king had accumulated many sins and collected many scars. That was all the more reason to create a land of peace, where the wounded could heal free from suffering. Neither zlosta nor humans could live alone. They needed the support of others to survive.</p>

      <p>“And I will be there for you, my king, until you are healed,” he whispered to himself before running ahead to rejoin his liege.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>