<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: A New Problem</h1>

      <p>Berg Fortress was the Grantzian Empire’s southern bastion. Situated on the empire’s border with the Duchy of Lichtein, its high walls protected it from enemy assault. Its most prominent feature was the large central tower, which housed the war room.</p>

      <p>On the tower’s third floor was a study, and in the study was a boy, stirring awake as the light of the morning sun streamed in through the window. His hair and eyes were black as night, but his soft, handsome features were made unsettling by the oversized eyepatch that covered half of his face.</p>

      <p>Before coming to Aletia, his name had been Hiro Oguro. Now that the emperor had accepted him as his son and installed him as the fourth prince of the empire, his name was Hiro Schwartz von Grantz.</p>

      <p>“Nnngh...”</p>

      <p>He yawned. A trill of birdsong rapped at the window, pricking at his ears. He sat upright, dislodging a book, which knocked over one of the piles around him. They all went down like dominoes.</p>

      <p>“Another night in the study...” Hiro scratched his cheek awkwardly as he surveyed the devastation. “Liz will be furious.”</p>

      <p>Eating and sleeping here was fast becoming a habit. He did have a bedroom of his own, but it was on the second floor. With the study on the third floor, going back and forth had been a pain, so he had ended up succumbing to laziness and taking up permanent residence amid the bookshelves.</p>

      <p>“Don’t blame me,” he protested to empty air. “I’ve got a lot of reading to do.”</p>

      <p>Another stack of books collapsed at his feet. Cerberus emerged from the toppled pile. Native to the islands of the east, the white wolf was a rare sight in Soleil. Liz had found her washed up on the nation’s shores as a puppy and taken care of her ever since. She claimed the two of them were like sisters.</p>

      <p>“You too, huh?” Hiro murmured.</p>

      <p>Cerberus had staked a claim to the third floor, so that was nothing unusual. If anything, the rest of the fortress was beginning to acknowledge her authority. The soldiers were afraid to tread there without her permission.</p>

      <p>“Making sure I don’t freeze to death?”</p>

      <p>A sweep of her tail was the wolf’s only response. Hiro watched her a little longer, but she didn’t seem inclined to say anything more.</p>

      <p>He shrugged and stood up. “Fine, be like that. I’d better get back to my room before Liz sees me.” He pressed an ear to the thick wooden door and then, hearing there was nobody outside, turned around and pressed a finger to his lips. “Not a sound, all right, Cerberus?”</p>

      <p><em>Don’t bother,</em> the white wolf’s yawn seemed to say. <em>It won’t work.</em></p>

      <p>Hiro smiled, giving her head a scratch. “Come on, it’ll be fine. It’s breakfast time right now. She’ll be in the mess hall.”</p>

      <p>The haughty wolf gave him an unimpressed look. Her nose twitched and she snorted dismissively. Hiro wondered what she meant by that. He didn’t have to wait long for an answer.</p>

      <p>“Hiro! You slept in the study again, didn’t you?! How many times do I have to tell you?! You’ll catch a cold!”</p>

      <p>A voice like a scolding mother rang out from down the hallway, accompanied by the thunder of footsteps.</p>

      <p>“Uh-oh. What now?”</p>

      <p>Hiro looked to Cerberus for help, but the wolf only flattened her ears. <em>Traitor</em>. He cast a glance at the window, debating for a moment whether it was worth jumping through—a moment that cost him the chance to escape.</p>

      <p>“HIRO!”</p>

      <p>The door crashed open. Chilly morning air rolled through the study. A girl stood in the doorframe with hands on hips, her cheeks puffed out angrily. Her crimson hair shimmered like fire, and her eyes glinted like rubies beneath a shapely brow any sculptor would have been proud of. The smoothness of her porcelain skin drew the gaze of young and old alike. This was the commander of Berg Fortress and the sixth princess of the empire, Celia Estrella Elizabeth von Grantz. Her friends called her Liz.</p>

      <p>Hiro turned to face her with a forced smile. “G-Good morning! Can I help you?”</p>

      <p>“Morning!” Liz returned his greeting with a breezy smile, then her face almost immediately clouded with anger. “But don’t think you can talk your way out of this one, mister. Why aren’t you sleeping in your own room? There isn’t even a bed in here! You’re on the floor! You’ll hurt your back, and don’t even get me started on the cold you’ll catch!” She stopped to catch her breath and lowered her gaze despondently. “I’m worried about you. Are you <em>trying</em> to make yourself ill?”</p>

      <p>“I’m fine,” Hiro protested. “The books keep the heat in.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, for—!” Liz’s eyes narrowed. By the time Hiro realized he had misspoken, it was too late. Her hand snapped out toward his face. He braced for pain, but—</p>

      <p>“No more excuses. Sleep in your own bed from now on, all right?”</p>

      <p>“Yesh.”</p>

      <p>Liz had only tugged at his cheeks in admonishment. Guilt flooded Hiro’s chest. He would rather have been slapped. After such an earnest warning, he couldn’t find the heart to argue.</p>

      <p>“Good. Take care of yourself, okay? I mean it.” Liz patted his cheek. “Now then, let’s get breakfast!” She skipped ahead as she broke into her usual grin.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Let’s.” With a rueful smile, Hiro joined Liz and Cerberus and left the study.</p>

      <p>Berg Fortress’s mess hall was located on the first floor of the central tower. The Fourth Legion had just finished their morning training, and the lunch ladies were being kept on their feet catering to the flood of soldiers. Hiro made his way through the throng toward the officers’ tables, Cerberus at his side.</p>

      <p>Tris was already there, gazing dejectedly at a plate of long-cooled food. A third class military tribune, the old soldier had served Liz since she was old enough to walk.</p>

      <p>He turned to glare at Hiro. “My breakfast’s gotten cold, whelp.”</p>

      <p>“Right. Sorry. That’s my fault.”</p>

      <p>“You needn’t apologize, Your Highness. Sir Tarmier ought to have had better foresight.” Second Tribune Drix appeared from behind Hiro with a tray of food in one hand. He took a seat next to Tris. “Good morning, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>“Good morning.”</p>

      <p>Tris glanced at Hiro’s hands. “You’ve no food, I see. Shall I fetch you some?”</p>

      <p>“No need. Liz is getting something for me.”</p>

      <p>Tris’s eyes flashed with anger, and his shoulders began to tremble. “She’s a princess, whelp, not your serving girl.”</p>

      <p>Drix gave the man a conciliatory pat on the shoulder. “All too often, imperial heirs are at one another’s throats. Should we not be grateful that these two are such fast friends?”</p>

      <p>Tris deflated a little. “Aye, I suppose you’re right at that.”</p>

      <p>The two had barely gotten to know each other, but Drix had already gotten the hang of curbing Tris’s ire. Hiro sat down opposite him, silently impressed.</p>

      <p>At that moment, Liz appeared, bearing a tray in both hands. “Here we are,” she announced, laying a platter of steaming meat in front of Hiro with a thud. “Eat up, won’t you?”</p>

      <p>“All that? I couldn’t. I’d give myself a stomachache.”</p>

      <p>“Some of it’s for Cerberus. I know how she steals off your plate.”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>Liz had thought this through. A lot of Hiro’s meals did seem to find their way into Cerberus’s belly, but even a hungry wolf couldn’t polish off a plate this size. Liz had evidently been taking her strategy lessons to heart. It was gratifying to see how much she had grown.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I don’t mind if I do.”</p>

      <p>Hiro put his hands together in thanks, while Tris and Drix set about attending to their plates. For a while they ate.</p>

      <p>Eventually, Drix set his cutlery down and turned to Hiro. “Lord Hiro, Lady Celia Estrella, I have collated a report regarding the freedmen.”</p>

      <p>The former slaves who had once fought with the Liberation Army had been settled in temporary accommodations outside the fortress. For the time being, Liz and the soldiers were keeping them supplied with food and water, but such support could not last forever. Hiro had put Drix in charge of getting them back on their feet as quickly as possible.</p>

      <p>“I have dispatched the relevant documents to Lord von Gurinda. Along with your letter, of course, my lady.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” Liz said. “Uncle will see them treated well.”</p>

      <p>“I do not doubt that your lord uncle has a good heart.” Drix’s gaze flicked back to Hiro. “However, I would caution against assuming that Lichtein’s loss will necessarily mean the Gurinda Mark’s gain.” He picked up his goblet of water and drained it, wetting his parched throat. “The land we hope to acquire may be given to any number of other southern nobles, and it seems to me that would rather foil our plans.”</p>

      <p>“I see why you’re worried, but don’t be.” Hiro shot Drix a reassuring smile. “We’ll get what we need. The southern nobles will be too busy squabbling over House Nikkel’s lands to worry about us.”</p>

      <p>House Nikkel was the house of the late General von Kilo. Their lands had the temperate climate of the central territories but the dryness of the south, with rainfall too meager to support tall trees. The result was grassland ideal for raising livestock. With the southern regions starved for resources, most nobles there made their living trading in stagecoaches and war horses. They would jump at the chance to seize House Nikkel’s assets.</p>

      <p>“An intentional distraction, I take it?”</p>

      <p>Hiro nodded. He had ensured that the blame for the losses of the Lichtein campaign fell on von Kilo’s shoulders. House Nikkel would now be pursued for compensation, and with no head of house, they would struggle to fend off their creditors. The southern nobles would descend on them like vultures on a corpse. If they were lucky, they might retain a portion of their lands; if not, they would forfeit it all, but they had no chance of surviving unscathed.</p>

      <p>“Besides, the big prize is the oasis city we annexed. All eyes will be there. No one’s going to care about us laying claim to an empty wasteland.”</p>

      <p>The territory they wanted was a swathe of undeveloped land on the border between Lichtein and the empire. For fear of provoking conflict, the duchy had never made any effort to settle it. Still, the region would flourish with a little irrigation. They would draw water from the Gurinda Mark and give a portion to the freedmen to cultivate. In the longer term, they could dig wells, prospect for ore, or any number of other things.</p>

      <p>“The freedmen get jobs and Uncle’s land prospers,” Liz chirped. “We’re killing two birds with one stone.”</p>

      <p>Hiro concurred, but that wasn’t all. The more Kiork prospered, the higher he would rise among the southern nobles. That, in turn, would shore up Liz’s position and bring her closer to the throne. There was only one problem...</p>

      <p>“Still,” Liz continued, “this will all take time.”</p>

      <p>Hiro nodded in silent agreement. His concerns were better kept to himself.</p>

      <p>“Very well, then. I will continue making my clandestine preparations with the margrave, on the assumption that the land will be ours.” Seemingly appeased, Drix returned to his meal.</p>

      <p>Hiro set about silently shoveling meat into his mouth, but a burning gaze from the next seat over distracted him. It was hard to concentrate with Liz staring at him like that.</p>

      <p>He swallowed and turned to her. “Um... Do you want some?”</p>

      <p>“Do you mind?”</p>

      <p>“Not at all. I kind of got the sense you were interested.”</p>

      <p>“Well, you seemed to be enjoying it so much...”</p>

      <p>“All right, then. Here.”</p>

      <p>Hiro held out a piece of meat. With an “Aaah,” it vanished between Liz’s perfect teeth.</p>

      <p>Only after she had swallowed it did Hiro notice the attention they were attracting. Tris was breathing so loudly, it sounded like he was hyperventilating. Drix shook his head with a knowing smile. One of the nearby officers whistled.</p>

      <p>“Hiro! Another!”</p>

      <p>Liz grabbed on to Hiro’s arm like a bird demanding a pellet, but he didn’t have the nerve to feed her again amid the storm of withering stares.</p>

      <p>“Come on, come on! Give me another!” Liz insisted.</p>

      <p>She didn’t seem to have noticed—or perhaps she was well aware. Either way, he needed a plan, and a good one. Too unsubtle and Liz would see right through it. Too blunt and he would invite the wrath of Tris, who was simmering just across the table.</p>

      <p><em>One wrong step, and I’m toast...</em></p>

      <p>But the man once known as Mars was not out of schemes. Cerberus had just appeared at his feet.</p>

      <p><em>You know what to do.</em></p>

      <p>Their eyes met. They needed no words. They understood each other perfectly. Cerberus bounded onto the table and tore into Hiro’s plate.</p>

      <p>“Stop it, Cerberus!” Liz cried. “That’s rude!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t be so harsh. She has to eat too.”</p>

      <p>“Mmph?!”</p>

      <p>Hiro pushed the last of the meat into Liz’s mouth, silencing her for a crucial moment. By the time she finished chewing, Cerberus had cleaned the plate, leaped down to the floor and trotted merrily away.</p>

      <p>“What am I going to do with her?” Liz sighed. “Well, I suppose I’d better eat.”</p>

      <p>Now that the wolf had made good her escape, there was nothing more to be done. Liz flopped back into her chair and started on her food.</p>

      <p>Hiro breathed a sigh of relief. He would finish breakfast hungry, but he had escaped worse...or at least, so he thought, until Liz’s next words sent a chill through him.</p>

      <p>“Here, to make up for it. Say ‘Aaah.’”</p>

      <p>“Wait, no—”</p>

      <p>His suffering was far from over. Another chaotic day was just beginning.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>