<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Hiro watched her thoughtfully for a while, squinting against the light, then he turned and walked away.</p>

      <p>“Your Lordship!”</p>

      <p>“Chief!”</p>

      <p>Huginn and Muninn raced up through the burning camp.</p>

      <p>Hiro spread his arms wide in welcome, overjoyed to see them safe. “I’m glad you’re all right. You’re not hurt, are you?”</p>

      <p>“Not a chance!” Huginn exclaimed. “Her Ladyship saw to that! What about you?”</p>

      <p>“Aye,” Muninn followed. “We might not look it, but we know when to make ourselves scarce.”</p>

      <p>“You did well, Muninn,” Hiro said. “It’s thanks to you that they came after us at all.”</p>

      <p>If not for Muninn’s actions, Baal might have been too wary of the Fifth Legion to pursue Hiro’s forces.</p>

      <p>“Think nothin’ of it, chief. All I did was drop one measly scroll and scarper.”</p>

      <p>Huginn shot her brother a jealous glare as he rubbed the back of his neck in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“You did well too, Huginn,” Hiro said. “It was dangerous work I gave you, but you pulled it off.”</p>

      <p>Huginn had been one of the spies whom Hiro had sent to infiltrate the enemy camp and coordinate with Claudia’s assault. She had played the vital role of torching the siege weapons, as well as raising cries of alarm to incite the enemy to turn on each other.</p>

      <p>“We would have lost this battle if not for the two of you.”</p>

      <p>He would have to find some way to reward them once they returned to the capital. Garda would be delighted.</p>

      <p>There was a moment of silence. The siblings seemed dumbfounded to see him smiling so kindly.</p>

      <p>“We should get going,” he said. “We have no more business here.”</p>

      <p>“At once!” they chorused.</p>

      <p>Hiro smiled a little bashfully, relieved to see the tension broken, and looked up at the sky.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t know what kind of queen Claudia will make, but one thing is certain: Lebering has entered a new era.</em></p>

      <p>Cloudless blue stretched away above him, so clear that the previous days’ blizzard seemed like a distant dream.</p>

      <p><em>I only hope she builds a nation you would be proud of, Lox.</em></p>

      <p>As his old comrades passed through his mind, his lips pulled into a quiet smile.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>