<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Claudia bowed apologetically to Hiro as he returned to the carriage. “I’m terribly sorry about all of this. It seems that there is some disturbance in Haniel’s lands.”</p>

      <p>Her face betrayed a deep concern. Hiro shook his head and offered her a reassuring smile.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it. More importantly, I’d hoped that you could tell me a bit about Lebering.”</p>

      <p>“Why, I’d love to! There’s ever so much to like! Shall we begin with the royal city?”</p>

      <p>Claudia’s lips blossomed into a wide smile as she launched into an enthusiastic lecture on Lebering’s capital.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Lebering’s royal city of Tiane was also the kingdom’s largest fortress. Designed—as its moniker of the Bastion of Violet Flakes implied—to safeguard its people from invaders, its defenses were impenetrable. Its innermost confines lay within two sets of battlements, themselves ringed by a great moat passable only by way of a retractable drawbridge. The buildings of the castle town, limned in white by a fresh dusting of snow, possessed a solemn beauty. If only the sun had been shining, its glittering charms would surely have captured any onlooker’s heart.</p>

      <p>The king’s palace was Tiare, the Amethyst Hall, which overlooked the town from atop the central hill. Hiro and his company disembarked before its doors, whereupon Claudia led them to the throne room.</p>

      <p>An extravagant chandelier hung from the ceiling of the chamber, bathing it in light. Hiro proceeded beneath it along the red carpet laid across the middle of the floor. Officials followed along behind, carrying gifts. The gazes of the Lebering nobles fell upon him from either side, but he strode ahead undaunted. His confidence must have impressed them, as more than a few admiring exhalations issued from the crowd.</p>

      <p>After a short distance, he stopped and sank to one knee in a Grantzian bow. “I am honored to have received your invitation, Your Majesty.”</p>

      <p>“And I am honored that you are here,” the king replied. “Svarov van Lebering greets you. My ancestor, Lox, would smile to see me welcome a scion of the War God to my halls.”</p>

      <p>“As would mine. Would you accept these meager tokens of my gratitude?”</p>

      <p>Hiro gestured to the officials, who laid their gifts out before the throne.</p>

      <p>“You have my thanks. I trust that you will convey my appreciation to His Majesty, Emperor Greiheit.” The corners of the king’s eyes crinkled as he smiled. “If I may, Lord Hiro: are you wed?”</p>

      <p>“I... Pardon?”</p>

      <p>“Why, but this is some kind of serendipity. If you have no wife and no betrothed, perhaps you would consider a union with my house.”</p>

      <p>As Hiro fell to thinking how best to politely refuse, a figure beside the throne stepped forward.</p>

      <p><em>Oh?</em></p>

      <p>His eyes and Hiro’s only met for a fraction of a second, but that was enough to sound alarms in Hiro’s head. Jealousy, hatred, murder—every dark passion of which the human heart was capable raked over him in that gaze. His own eyes narrowed in response...but then the young man turned to the king with an unctuous smile, and the moment passed.</p>

      <p>“I think this subject might be better broached another time, Father. Lord Hiro is tired from his journey. It would not be fair to keep him from his bed.”</p>

      <p>This could only be Flaus van Lebering, the king’s firstborn son and heir apparent. He would be thirty this year, well into adulthood for a human, but still looked to be in the prime of youth. His zlosta blood must have run thick.</p>

      <p>“You are right, of course,” King Svarov said. He nodded firmly, as though settling the matter in his mind, and returned his attention to Hiro. “Very well, Lord Hiro, the rest of the day is yours to do with as you please. But I do hope to see you at my dear daughter’s banquet on the morrow.”</p>

      <p>“I would be honored to attend.”</p>

      <p>With a final bow of his head, Hiro turned away and retreated. He departed the throne room to the nobles’ applause.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>With a servant’s guidance, Hiro made his way to a guest room in the depths of the Amethyst Hall. He took a seat at the writing desk and produced two pieces of paper from his pocket: a diagram of Lebering’s social structure and a report from imperial spies investigating the kingdom.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a thousand years, Lox,” he said to himself, “but your nation might be on the brink of a revolution.”</p>

      <p>King Svarov was weak. He was not a despotic ruler, but neither was he a particularly wise one. He was a thoroughly middling man in all respects, devoid even of enough authority to compel loyalty. One meeting had been enough to determine that he lacked a king’s gravitas.</p>

      <p>“Not many people will follow a king like that. Even his own son doesn’t respect him.”</p>

      <p>Flaus’s earlier glance played back in his mind’s eye. He had only ever felt a gaze like that on the battlefield—an ambitious brand of haughtiness peculiar to those who had grown up getting their own way.</p>

      <p>“Leaving Svarov in charge of the nation would be too risky, and having Flaus succeed him would be downright dangerous. Which means the only option left is...”</p>

      <p>A reserved knock on the door interrupted his scheming.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, Your Highness.” Drix entered, his expression taut and grave.</p>

      <p>“I take it the news isn’t good,” Hiro said.</p>

      <p>“Your assessment is correct. One might be forgiven for thinking that war had already broken out. The troop movements involved are far too sizable for the banquet’s attendants to account for.”</p>

      <p>Drix had been busy making contact with the imperial agents in Lebering. He produced a report from his pocket and handed it to Hiro. “Soldiers are arriving from every region in the kingdom. Their numbers now exceed ten thousand, and we only expect them to grow.”</p>

      <p>“They’re here to honor the princess with large-scale military exercises...or at least, that’s the pretext.” Hiro finished skimming the paper and leaned back in his chair. “Do you know who’s organizing all this?”</p>

      <p>“Baal van Bittenia, one of the Three Asuras. He has held his post since the old king’s day. King Svarov trusts him implicitly and he commands enormous support among the people.”</p>

      <p>So, soldiers were gathering in the capital, summoned by a loyal confidant. The king would likely not suspect a thing until it was too late.</p>

      <p>“But what does this Baal want? It can’t be the crown. This started too recently for that.”</p>

      <p>According to the report, Baal had only begun setting events in motion several weeks prior. If he wasn’t interested in proclaiming himself king, perhaps he was plotting an attack on the empire, but that would be foolhardy to say the least. The northern territories’ standing army was said to number one hundred thousand men. In peacetime, Lebering could muster thirty thousand at best, fifty if they resorted to conscription.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps he could coordinate with the Faerzen Resistance, but mounting an invasion would still be reckless. None of the other nations would side with him.”</p>

      <p>If any of the surrounding nations had ever had designs on the empire, Lichtein’s rapid surrender would have made them think twice. Besides, Liz was leading an effort to subdue Faerzen at that very moment. Once she joined forces with Aura, the resistance would quickly fold.</p>

      <p>“Still, there’s no such thing as too cautious.” Hiro settled on a course of action and looked back up toward the door. “Huginn, Muninn, are you there?”</p>

      <p>The siblings quickly entered. Their expressions were stiff. Clearly, they had noticed the tension in the room.</p>

      <p>“Second Tribune Drix, keep working with our spies. Find out more about this Baal van Bittenia.”</p>

      <p>Huginn and Muninn knelt as Hiro’s gaze swept toward them. They audibly swallowed.</p>

      <p>“In the meantime, there’s something I need you two to do for me...”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>