<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Her Highness also writes that the enemy appears to have made preparations for a night raid and she doubts the effectiveness of an attack. Would it not be better to first send spies into their midst?”</p>

      <p>“No need. We have plenty there already. Besides, it doesn’t matter whether the enemy sees the night raid coming or not. It <em>will</em> work.”</p>

      <p>With a fearless smile, Hiro toppled the enemy commander. A <em>clack</em> echoed through the room—a small sound, yet loud in the silence.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊</p>

      <p>Heavy clouds shrouded the night sky, obscuring the light of the stars and blanketing the world in darkness. The eye could not have picked out a rock on the ground unaided. In the rebel camp, however, there was no such concern; to the army’s rear, a sea of bonfires illuminated the night. Ranks of soldiers stood near the pyres, their eyes glinting eerily in the firelight as they scanned the darkness in anticipation of an enemy assault.</p>

      <p>“Not long now, I’d wager,” Baal murmured as he gazed over the scene from his watchtower.</p>

      <p>“What makes you think they’ll come at all?” asked Flaus, beside him. “I’ll wager our defenses will scare them off.”</p>

      <p>“You fret too much, Your Highness. They will come. See for yourself.”</p>

      <p>Baal raised a finger. Flaus’s piercing blue eyes squinted in the direction he indicated. Below, a group of soldiers were conversing merrily.</p>

      <p>“To look at them, one would not think we were at war at all,” Flaus said with audible disapproval. “And they are not the only ones. Our army’s vigilance appears to be lacking.”</p>

      <p>Baal only smiled. “Such is the enemy’s plan: feigning raid after raid in order to exhaust our men, make them incautious, and lull them into complacency. And tonight, they mean to reap their harvest.”</p>

      <p>Night after night, the enemy had threatened an attack, keeping the men awake and on edge, but had never followed through. In time, they had convinced Baal’s soldiers that a raid was never coming. They had also laid other traps—too minor to be worthy of notice, but Baal counted at least eight—which, in sum, had certainly succeeded in lowering rebel morale. Next and last would be their final ploy, and it would start with yet another feigned night raid.</p>

      <p>“First, they will make a great deal of noise to our fore,” Baal predicted.</p>

      <p>“Oh?” Flaus’s eyebrows rose. “Whatever do you mean?”</p>

      <p>At that moment, the thunder of horseshoes sounded from the direction of the fortress. Panicked cries of “We’re under attack!” rose from below. Baal, however, did not seem rushed. His mouth curled quietly into a smirk as he directed his prearranged messengers to their respective destinations.</p>

      <p>“It is only a bluff, my lord. An all-too-obvious ruse that we need not entertain.”</p>

      <p>“So this racket is meaningless?”</p>

      <p>“Well, not entirely. It does play a part in the enemy’s designs.”</p>

      <p>The noise would double as a signal for their next move: a false attack on the rebel army’s rear. The feigned charge would most likely comprise captured criminals—those who, sooner or later, would be put to death under the laws of Lebering.</p>

      <p>“We have lost contact with several of our reconnaissance patrols,” Baal explained. “I expect they have been captured.”</p>

      <p>In light of their crimes, the men could expect no sympathy. The enemy would not hesitate to use them as bait.</p>

      <p>“Riders to our rear!” a cry went up.</p>

      <p>“And there you have it,” Baal said.</p>

      <p>“Impressive. You truly have read their every move.”</p>

      <p>In the light of the bonfires, picking the enemy out from the darkness was a simple matter.</p>

      <p>“Loose arrows!” Baal commanded. “Don’t be deceived by their tricks! Use your wits, shoot straight, and we shall easily prevail!”</p>

      <p>Bows twanged. Arrow after arrow struck home. A few horses escaped the rain of projectiles only to crash fruitlessly into the anti-cavalry palisades. As soon as the fighting was over, Baal sent out a unit to investigate the identity of the riders. While waiting for their return, he and Flaus descended from the watchtower.</p>

      <p>“Next, they will attack in force from the front,” he said.</p>

      <p>“So their feint is in truth a double feint? Their true attack was always from the fore?”</p>

      <p>Baal’s grin grew even more conceited. “Indeed. They will come in waves. It would be truly foolish to attack from the rear, where our defenses are strongest. Even a rank amateur would not make such a mistake.”</p>

      <p>“So in the end, their strategy was one that even a child could understand. Why all this subterfuge, then?”</p>

      <p>“I imagine they hoped to split our forces. But when one can read them as easily as I can, it is a trifling matter to counteract their schemes.”</p>

      <p>As the pair mounted their horses, a messenger approached.</p>

      <p>“We have inspected the men who attacked the rear, my lord,” the man announced. “We found their limbs bound and their shoulders marked with prisoners’ brands. It seems they were fixed to their horses.”</p>

      <p>Baal snorted. “Predictable to the last. Now, blow the horns, just as I told you! We will meet the enemy to the fore and crush them!”</p>

      <p>The messenger departed. A short while later, horn blasts took up from all directions. At the same time, the battle cries from the front began to swell, suggesting that the fight had begun in earnest. Satisfied that the enemy’s focus was indeed there, Baal gave his final order.</p>

      <p>“Put them all to the sword. Cut the head of every last human from his body—”</p>

      <p>He did not finish his command. Blooming light cast the visible portions of his face into sharp relief as several tongues of flame erupted across the camp. Frantic cries of “To arms! To arms!” went up from all around.</p>

      <p>An advisor rode up, wide-eyed and frantic. “My lord! The rams are burning!”</p>

      <p>Baal raised his voice to calm the panicking soldiers. “Do not falter! This is but another ploy to split our forces! We have no need for siege weaponry! Leave the fires to burn and hasten to the front! Focus their attention there!”</p>

      <p>The enemy had laid their plans well. They were pulling out every trick in the book to confound Baal’s men and keep them separated. Their agents had likely slipped in during the chaos of their first feigned night raid and lain low in the camp ever since. Impressive work, all told. Still, they had only prolonged the inevitable. This battle had been decided from the first, and it lay within Baal’s grasp.</p>

      <p>“If only they had been content to play their tricks from behind the safety of their walls, they might have lived a little longer.” He scowled in exasperation at his enemy’s incompetence.</p>

      <p>Flaus’s expression soured. “Then I shall have no part to play after all. How long must I wait to test my newfound powers?”</p>

      <p>“Many battles yet lie ahead of us, Your Highness.” Baal shrugged. “You will not want for chances, of that I assure you.”</p>

      <p>He spurred his horse into a trot. By the time he joined the back of the front line, the fighting had turned bloody. The foe had shifted their efforts to the center in a desperate attempt to break through, but the night raid defenses were standing strong, and the rebels vastly outnumbered their enemies; the soldiers were having little difficulty pushing back. Orders passed quickly along the chain of command, and all units moved in cohesion to maintain the advantage as they charged into the fray. The southern army was falling back. It would not be long before they broke and fled to Schnee Fortress.</p>

      <p>“I had hoped to play out my plans to perfection,” Baal said to himself, “but this will suffice. I will crush them here and now, and be done with them.”</p>

      <p>Soon the enemy lines would collapse, and the task of mopping up the fleeing soldiers would be all that would remain.</p>

      <p>“Send word to every last man,” he instructed the advisors waiting at his side. “Annihilate the foe!”</p>

      <p>Drums rumbled and horns sounded, carrying the order throughout the army.</p>

      <p>At Baal’s side, Flaus gazed with satisfaction at the battlefield, from which the stench of death was already rising. “And so it ends,” he observed. “This scion of Mars was of little note after all.”</p>

      <p>“Humans are short-lived creatures, Your Highness. I expect his ancestor’s blood must have been thinned to nothing.”</p>

      <p>“Well, who he was in life hardly matters. His death will serve equally well to announce the return of the zlosta.”</p>

      <p>“Quite so—”</p>

      <p>No sooner had Baal opened his mouth than his body pitched forward. Caught off guard, he crashed to the ground. As he staggered to his feet, disoriented, screams erupted from all sides.</p>

      <p>“What is the meaning of this?!” he roared.</p>

      <p>A wave of dizziness came over him and he sank to one knee. Only then did he notice the arrowhead protruding from his stomach.</p>

      <p>“Where did this...?”</p>

      <p>Blood trickled down the shaft, dripping from the metal tip to seep into the earth. Baal’s face twisted, in confusion more than in pain.</p>

      <p>Flaus dashed up, his mouth agape. “Lord van Bittenia!” he cried. “Are you all right?!”</p>

      <p>“A scratch, Your Highness, nothing more. We must determine what is happe— No, never mind. I see there is no need.”</p>

      <p>Flaus looked around to see the ground littered with soldiers, all with arrows protruding from their bodies. Some were not moving.</p>

      <p>Baal gritted his teeth and got to his feet before reaching behind his back and yanking the arrow out. Slowly, he turned around. Laughter burst from his chest at the sight that awaited him. “I see! The attack was from the rear all along!”</p>

      <p>A wall of cavalry bore down on them like an avalanche, its tumultuous force far too great for the depleted rear guard to halt. The charge earlier, while false, had nonetheless succeeded in breaking much of the palisade. Now, the enemy surged through those gaps and into the camp. The bonfires fell into their hands and tents began to burn. Fleeing soldiers died beneath a rain of crushing hooves.</p>

      <p>“So they chose foolishness over wisdom. The gall of it...”</p>

      <p>“Lord Baal! They’re not just coming from the rear— Urgh!”</p>

      <p>A messenger dashed toward Baal, his face drawn, but a rider’s lance took him in the back before he could finish. His body bounced across the ground and vanished from sight. Screams and roars rose from both sides, accompanied by the harsh timbre of a steel symphony.</p>

      <p>“They thought well to sweep in from the sides. The dark will conceal their numbers. Even a small host will be able to cause chaos.”</p>

      <p>Now that the fortress was surrounded, the rebel soldiers would be feverishly focused on the fore. An attack from another angle would naturally catch them unawares. Baal watched as though in a dream as the battle turned to slaughter. All the while, the enemy riders bore down on him.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. You underestimate me.”</p>

      <p>He raised Failnaught and launched three arrows in quick succession. Each found its mark in a soldier’s throat. As the men fell, Baal turned to grasp a stunned Flaus by the shoulder.</p>

      <p>“The time to reveal yourself has come sooner than expected,” he said.</p>

      <p>“Reveal myself? Now?!”</p>

      <p>“You may not turn the tide of battle, but you will secure our retreat.” Baal shot arrows into the press even as he spoke, steadily picking off foes. “We must fall back. Overcommitting here will impede our future plans.”</p>

      <p>If they regrouped now, they could still salvage perhaps ten thousand men.</p>

      <p>“In any case,” Baal continued, “the enemy’s success does not mean they will survive the night unscathed. They will lose many men in this battle. We will have ample opportunity to settle the score.”</p>

      <p>The Asura’s detached tone sent Flaus into a red-faced rage. “You snake! You promised me victory!”</p>

      <p>“Calm yourself, Your Highness. First we must quit this field.”</p>

      <p>Flaus wheeled around to vent his spleen by striking down an enemy soldier. Then, although the words seemed to stick in his craw, he roared for all to hear, “Retreat! Retreat!”</p>

      <p>“That’s the way,” Baal said.</p>

      <p>Remaining here would do nothing to check the enemy’s momentum now. This defeat stung, but his overall plan was still proceeding apace.</p>

      <p>“I am far from out of schemes. We may have lost this battle, but the war will be ours yet.”</p>

      <p>To never know defeat was a useless ideal. Some engagements might go against him, some of his plans might be seen through by the enemy, but the only battle that truly mattered was the last. As long as he won that, history would call him the victor.</p>

      <p>“We must return to the royal city and regroup,” he declared, turning his horse about to flee the battlefield.</p>

      <p>At that moment, an eerie noise rang through the air—a quiet sound, oh so quiet, too low to ordinarily be audible above the battlefield clamor. Its touch lingered unpleasantly on the eardrums.</p>

      <p>“Countless fields of carnage have I crossed. Countless fallen corpses have I trodden underfoot. Countless frail hopes have I cast aside.”</p>

      <p>A figure approached almost soundlessly, like the looming maw of purest darkness.</p>

      <p>“How dare you speak of wisdom when you have never known despair.”</p>

      <p>The voice bore no inflection, but it carried a deep and terrible weight. Baal and Flaus instinctively raised their weapons as they spun around to face it. There stood a boy with an eyepatch covering half of his face. Lifeless bodies lay strewn around him.</p>

      <p>“If you think I’ll let you run, think again. You are prey for me to devour and grow stronger from. I won’t risk you coming back to haunt me.” The boy’s kind features hardened as he raised his gleaming sword. “Now, let me show you what despair truly is.”</p>

      <p>The darkness billowing around him took on a deeper shade, and the air itself began to warp as it flooded with cold rage.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊</p>

      <p>“You will teach us of despair? Words taken straight from your ancestor’s mouth. You are just as arrogant as he was, and just as grating for it.” Baal’s lips twisted with ire, then gradually curled in joy. “Still, I will admit, your scheme was impressive. I shall take it for my own. It will serve me well in the battles to come.”</p>

      <p>The Asura’s smug tone was an unmistakable taunt, but Hiro only snorted. “Then take some advice too,” he said, laying Excalibur’s blade across his shoulders as he turned his empty gaze on Baal. “There is no ingenuity in wisdom or practicality in convention, but both can be found in plans you might dismiss as foolish.”</p>

      <p>Commanders cared only for wise plans and disregarded foolish ones. Precisely for that reason, the latter could present unique opportunities. It was a simple thing, in the end. To confound one’s opponent in order to open them up for a lethal blow was a time-honored path to victory.</p>

      <p>“How comfortable you must have felt, watching everything unfold as you predicted. So comfortable, you missed all the signs of your defeat.”</p>

      <p>“Do you mean to say that I was playing into your hands all along?”</p>

      <p>“Not mine. Not this time. I was just another pawn in this game.” With a shake of his head, Hiro lifted his sword and leveled it at Baal. “But enough talk. I think it’s time to finish this.”</p>

      <p>He raised his blade and drew a breath. There was a beat of silence—and then he vanished.</p>

      <p>All at once, there was an arrow in Baal’s hand. The Asura unleashed a volley, quick and wild. Sparks scattered with every shot, filling the air with the ringing of metal.</p>

      <p>“Oh?” Hiro’s eyebrows rose. “You can see me?”</p>

      <p>“I can sense you.”</p>

      <p>Baal punctuated his answer with another arrow. The sparks between the two combatants grew closer and closer, until—</p>

      <p>“Forgotten me, have you?!”</p>

      <p>Flaus sprang forward to stand in Hiro’s way. Metal rang as blade clashed with blade. Excalibur skittered away.</p>

      <p>Hiro looked down at his numbing fingers, then back up at Flaus. “You weren’t that strong last time,” he said. “You’ve fallen, haven’t you?”</p>

      <p>If the fact had not been obvious from the prince’s regenerated arm, it would have been clear from his uncanny might. His zlosta blood could account for neither.</p>

      <p>Flaus grinned widely. “Please. I am no mere fiend. This is the power of the Origin, the power of our lord. That which lies beyond the reach of you feeble humans—the birthright of the zlosta!”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>“I hear much of your strength in battle, but you will never surpass us. It is not in your blood.”</p>

      <p>Flaus was babbling something or other, buoyed up by his own newfound power, but Hiro wasn’t listening. He was gazing up at the sky, his eyes fixed on something far away.</p>

      <p>“I would stop talking if I were you. Say your lord’s name and I won’t be able to hold back.”</p>

      <p>With a tilt of his head, he cracked his knuckles. The abyss swirled in the depths of his eyes as they held Flaus in their gaze. Excalibur’s brilliance guttered mournfully, while the Black Camellia swelled on a battle wind. White and black light did battle around him, devouring one another to create an unearthly sight.</p>

      <p>At last, Flaus noticed the change that had come over his enemy. “Who are you?”</p>

      <p>“Even now, when I think back to those days, my chest feels like it could burst with anger. I was pathetic, squeamish, far too naive. A hopeless fool.”</p>

      <p>Hiro spoke to nobody but himself. His words were a reprimand for his ears alone.</p>

      <p>“Naivety must be shed. Snuffed out before it can cause tragedy.”</p>

      <p>Space began to distort around him. Spirit weapons emerged from rents in the air.</p>

      <p>“War is a world of absolutes. Kill or be killed. Strength or weakness. Victory or defeat. Black or white.”</p>

      <p><em>And so, the king declares from atop his lonely pinnacle...</em></p>

      <p>“As such, I choose to never know defeat. Until I build the world she wished for.”</p>

      <p>Such was the duty left to him. The crowning glory that he had fallen short of one thousand years ago. Flaus shrank back in the face of Hiro’s overwhelming might.</p>

      <p>“There is nothing to fear. You will only return to dust.”</p>

      <p>As Hiro stepped forward, there was a violent noise like reality itself tearing—and thence came Liegegrazalt. With a surge of vast power, blinding speed turned to explosive force, gouging a furrow into the earth. A torrent of light turned darkness to day. The spirit weapons hanging in the night sky fell like shooting stars, bathing the world in brilliance. The eye could not hope to follow. Unleashed at the speed of light, his unstoppable swordsmanship carried immense destructive force.</p>

      <p>“Gah!”</p>

      <p>Only when pain blasted through his thorax and his spine snapped back like a bow did Flaus register that a blade had run him through from behind. Before the realization even hatched in his brain, the next sword struck home, rending flesh and splitting bone as it sank deep into his bowels. Hiro’s blinding speed admitted neither defense nor reprieve. This was the power of the Heavenly Sovereign’s Graal, Godspeed—or Lucifer.</p>

      <p>Yet Flaus, too, was no mere mortal. Even as innumerable slashes scored his flesh, he struck back relentlessly against his assailant. His body overflowed with a vitality that would have astounded an ordinary man, and his regenerative powers surpassed even those of a fiend. His strength was no less extraordinary; the slightest graze of his wild swings could crack a skull like an egg.</p>

      <p>Even so, Hiro evaded all of his attacks with ease.</p>

      <p>“Monster! Are you truly human?!” Flaus’s eyes widened. His voice took on a note of surprise. “Curse you... Gah!”</p>

      <p>As living beings cannot defy the natural order, so Flaus was helpless before Hiro’s easy mastery. His arm flew from his shoulder, less severed by a blade and more torn free by a bullet.</p>

      <p>“This cannot be!” he roared. “I am zlosta! Our lord’s chosen!”</p>

      <p>“And you’re slowing down. Time to finish thi— Ngh?!”</p>

      <p>A volley of arrows arced toward Hiro as he landed. A short distance away, Baal lowered his bow.</p>

      <p>“I can sense you plain as day, boy! I’ll see you dead yet!”</p>

      <p>Alas, he was only chasing his foe’s shadow.</p>

      <p>“You can keep out of this. Get down and stay down.”</p>

      <p>Hiro appeared in front of Baal and rammed a spirit weapon through his flesh. A second followed, a third, a fifth. The Asura didn’t even have a chance to cry out. Hiro ran his limbs through and kicked him to the ground before at last turning his attention back to Flaus.</p>

      <p>“The crown must be mine!” the prince croaked. “I will not fall here! I cannot!”</p>

      <p>His own hot blood melted the snow into slush. He thrashed weakly in the middle of a crimson mire, struggling to rise despite his injuries.</p>

      <p>Hiro approached softly. He patted the breast of his overcoat and smiled. “Your determination has impressed the Black Camellia. She says she wants to eat you.”</p>

      <p>Flaus blanched. “What?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t be afraid. You’d be surprised how comforting the dark can be.”</p>

      <p>The flood of light was fast fading. Darkness consumed it down to its faintest traces. Flaus’s face contorted in despair. A scream tore from his throat.</p>

      <p>“Feast,” Hiro commanded, and color fled the world.</p>

      <p>The abyss crushed all light in its jaws. All hue and shade vanished into its wicked maw, yet still it was not sated—not until it sank its teeth into the shrieking Flaus.</p>

      <p>In an instant, it was done, and Hiro stood alone on a blood-soaked snowfield.</p>

      <p>“Phew...”</p>

      <p>As he let out a sigh, he opened his ears to the world around him. The clashing of steel gradually soothed the pounding in his chest. Cold rationality reasserted itself over burning anger. As he swept his gaze across the battlefield, he spied Baal crawling away on his belly. At a leisurely pace, he moved to block the Asura’s path.</p>

      <p>“I have a question for you,” he said. “How did you grant Flaus that power?”</p>

      <p>“As if I would tell you, of all men,” Baal growled. With a smirk, he tore away his hood.</p>

      <p>The breath caught in Hiro’s throat at the sight. Baal’s face was horrifically scarred, as though he had been tortured. His eyes had been gouged out, leaving two yawning pits, and a hole in his forehead marked where a manastone had been cut free from his skull. Most shocking of all, however, was that his face was familiar. Once, he had been one of the zlosta ancestors—the old kings of the zlosta whom Hiro had slain.</p>

      <p>“Surprised, boy? I lost my eyes to the War God long ago. It took a long while to learn to survive without them, believe you me. Yet even stripped of my mana, even cast down into the muck, I clung to life. And I dreamed of the day when vengeance would be mine.”</p>

      <p>Hiro could tell that he spoke the truth: his mana was barely a shadow of its former glory. His body, too, was emaciated and dreadfully frail.</p>

      <p>“One thousand years ago, the War God took my land from me. And now my ambitions are thwarted once more by his descendant’s hand.” Despite the spirit weapons skewering Baal’s limbs, he shakily rose, the fiendbow Failnaught tight in his grip. “Come, then! Let us finish this! My thousand years of hatred will go unspoken no longer!”</p>

      <p>He loosed an arrow with astounding speed, but in spite of his proximity, Hiro batted it aside with one hand.</p>

      <p>“You’re living for nothing more than a past grudge. Pathetic.” He grasped the still-struggling Baal by the chest and pulled him close. “But if that is part of my legacy, then I will accept it.”</p>

      <p>Excalibur ran Baal through as he fell forward. The Asura cried out in pain, but his fingers sank deeper into Hiro’s shoulder even as blood burst from his mouth.</p>

      <p>“Do not...believe...that this is over! My schemes...have only just begun!”</p>

      <p>“Then I will devour them all and grow stronger still.”</p>

      <p>Hiro thrust Baal away. A silver streak scored the air as he twisted, bringing Excalibur across in a horizontal slash.</p>

      <p>“Death will not stop m—”</p>

      <p>Baal’s head flew, trailing a ribbon of blood. It landed in the heart of the bloody quagmire and sank out of sight.</p>

      <p>“It’s over, I see,” a soft voice said.</p>

      <p>Hiro turned to see Claudia standing nearby. She walked closer and picked up the dropped Failnaught.</p>

      <p>“Now all three Relics have returned to the crown.”</p>

      <p>She plucked out the fiendbow’s manastone and slipped it into one of the divots on Hauteclaire’s hilt. With three manastones and Lox’s Dellingr, the fiendblade was finally complete. She gazed at it for a moment, enraptured, before her eyes slid to Hiro.</p>

      <p>“On behalf of the royal family of Lebering, I thank you. This would not have been possible without you.”</p>

      <p>Hiro shrugged, but otherwise said nothing.</p>

      <p>“Now,” Claudia said, “let us end this senseless war.”</p>

      <p>She raised Hauteclaire high, then drove it down into the ground. Mana surged into the earth. Fissures spread out around her like spiderwebs.</p>

      <p>“The traitors who slew His Majesty are dead!” she declared.</p>

      <p>Her cool voice cut clear and true through the night. Snowflakes danced around her on the wind, lending her an ethereal air, and the flames of the burning encampment cast her beauty in flickering amber. The battle ceased as all turned to look at her.</p>

      <p>“Sheathe your swords! There is nothing to be gained from further bloodshed!”</p>

      <p>She withdrew Hauteclaire from the ground and leveled it at a group of soldiers who were still fighting. The gesture brought them to a standstill. For a moment, there was silence, and then shocked whispers rose from all around. The men were quite literally frozen solid. They adorned the snowfields like ice sculptures, reflected firelight dancing on their translucent skin.</p>

      <p>“If you would continue this battle, then it is me you must face!”</p>

      <p>Dawn broke, illuminating Claudia with searing light. The soldiers cast aside their arms and fell to their knees. In some time long past, the rulers of this land had possessed an unassailable dignity. Now, that quality was born again in her.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>