<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Northward Bound</h1>

      <p><em>The thirtieth day of the ninth month of Imperial Year 1023</em></p>

      <p>Five days had passed since leaving the capital. Hiro, the other special envoys, and their hundred guards were well on their way to the northern border.</p>

      <p>The north was the territory of House Scharm, the great house that represented the northern nobles. Past Riesenriller, their so-called Whitesteel Castle, bitter air temperatures assailed the land with a brutal cold, but the more southerly regions were comparatively temperate and, as a result, settled. Those regions, with their swathe of fertile black soil, formed the backbone of House Scharm’s wealth.</p>

      <p>The convoy stopped at the checkpoint known as the Northern Gateway for an inspection before being allowed to continue on their way.</p>

      <p>“My apologies for the trouble, Your Highness. I fear no one is exempt from the checks, not even royalty.”</p>

      <p>“It’s all right. You wouldn’t be doing a good job if you made exceptions for status.”</p>

      <p>Hiro glanced to his side, where the checkpoint overseer sat on horseback next to the carriage. The middle-aged man wore furs over his armor to gird against the cold, but they hadn’t saved his beard from turning prematurely white.</p>

      <p>“I’m glad you understand,” he said. Puffing out white clouds, he swung down from his horse and approached the portal. “Raise the gate!” he cried. As his voice faded, a great grinding shook the earth, and the enormous door began to lift.</p>

      <p>“There’s naught but snow on the other side, but I bid you fair travels nonetheless.”</p>

      <p>Seeing the genteel old man off with a wave, Hiro and his company passed through the gate and took their first steps into the north proper.</p>

      <p>“It’s gorgeous!” came an admiring whisper from Huginn.</p>

      <p>“It’s bloody cold, is what it is,” a reply came from somewhere beneath the quivering pile of four furs that was Muninn.</p>

      <p>Huginn shot her brother a sharp glance. She leaped nimbly down from the carriage, picked up a pile of snow, and returned. “Eat this and shut up, brother dear.”</p>

      <p>“Sister dearest, I think I would die— Mmph?!”</p>

      <p>Muninn fell to the ground and rolled around in pain, his throat packed with a fistful of snow.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>