<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: A New Mission</h1>

      <p>The blue sky stretched endlessly away. Beneath its vivid canopy, a host of horses and riders made their leisurely way along the Schein High Road, one of the arterial roads leading to the capital. Strapping soldiers marched in line, their armor glinting in the sun. The gleam of swords and shields swept across the land with the crunch of marching boots.</p>

      <p>Standards of all colors rose above the soldiers’ heads; a sun, a lily, a black dragon, a rose. There were easily a dozen great banners and more than thirty smaller ones. The sun, the lily, and the black dragon stood together above a gaudy four-horse carriage. Three people—and one wolf—sat within.</p>

      <p>“Not long now to the capital,” Rosa observed as she stared out of the window. “I ought to have mentioned, I sent the lesser nobles ahead to wait for us.”</p>

      <p>She crossed her arms, pushing up her breasts. Her military uniform emphasized her figure enough to draw any man’s eye, but anyone foolish enough to take that as an invitation would meet with swift and merciless retaliation.</p>

      <p>“I spared no expense. You will receive the most lavish welcome money can buy.”</p>

      <p>Hiro grimaced. “Liz, maybe, but there’s no need to throw any kind of party on my account.”</p>

      <p>His position as the War God’s heir made him enough of a celebrity as it was, but whispers of the One-Eyed Dragon were spreading with incredible speed. Stealing the limelight from Liz would defeat the purpose of their entrance. He sighed in exasperation.</p>

      <p>Rosa cocked her head. “A strange thing to say, looking as you do.” She gestured at his person—not only to his black hair and eyes, but to his imperial uniform, with its outdated style, and his black overcoat with dragons entwined along its shoulders. “You may as well have ‘Behold the War God’s heir!’ tattooed across your forehead.”</p>

      <p>There was nothing Hiro could say to that. She was right. It did look as if he was trying to emphasize his status...or perhaps even like a cosplaying Mars fan.</p>

      <p>“You’d draw far fewer stares without the Black Camellia,” Rosa suggested.</p>

      <p>Hiro shook his head. The Black Camellia might earn him some funny looks, but it would take more than that to convince him to take her off. She might be willful, but her loyalty was absolute. She had saved his life countless times over the past thousand years and would no doubt save it countless more. There was only one answer he could give:</p>

      <p>“That’s nonnegotiable.”</p>

      <p>There was no trace of hesitation in his voice, but the Black Camellia’s collar still tightened protectively. Smiling wryly, he gave his lapel a reassuring pat. <em>Don’t worry. I won’t abandon you.</em> Only then did the garment slacken.</p>

      <p>Just then, a thought struck him.</p>

      <p>“Liz?”</p>

      <p>Normally, Liz would have jumped into the conversation by that point, but she was strangely silent. Hiro looked to his side to see...</p>

      <p>“...<em>zzz</em>...”</p>

      <p>Liz was curled up on the seat beside him, snoring softly. With Cerberus for a pillow, she looked as content as he had ever seen her.</p>

      <p>A half-suppressed snort issued from across the carriage. Hiro looked back at Rosa to see her gazing fondly at her sister.</p>

      <p>“She must be exhausted. Not that I can blame her.”</p>

      <p>A horde of nobles armed with kind regards had descended on Liz on the road from Sieg, and committing their names and faces to memory had taken a heavy toll. By the time she had finally emerged from the throng, she’d looked like she hadn’t slept in a week.</p>

      <p>“It’ll only get worse from here,” Hiro remarked. “We’ll have an audience and a banquet waiting once we reach the capital.”</p>

      <p>Rosa nodded in agreement. “Indeed we will. All manner of nobles will approach you, hoping to use you for all manner of ends.”</p>

      <p>Everybody harbored some kind of ambition, and nobles all the more so. Nobility conferred obligation. Subjects, lands—aristocrats owed responsibilities to many quarters, and they would readily exploit even the royal family to see them honored. Exposure would mean execution, of course, but entertaining notions that it would be death to speak was what it meant to walk in high society. They would not be so easily outfoxed.</p>

      <p>“Look out for Liz,” Hiro said.</p>

      <p>“And who will look out for you?”</p>

      <p>Hiro shrugged. “I got the hang of this last time I was here, more or less.”</p>

      <p>“Last time” was one thousand years ago, although Rosa didn’t know it. Still, it was true that he had experience. Manners and courtesies would have evolved since then, but he could navigate that.</p>

      <p>“Anyway, she’s the one you’ll have to take care of.”</p>

      <p>As a member of the royal family, Liz was surely no stranger to noble society. Still, the coming banquet would be a different beast entirely. Before, she was merely a princess. Tonight, she would be an imperial heir. Her words would be the pronouncements of a contender for the throne now, not a young girl’s idle chatter. She would have to choose them carefully or they would be turned against her in an instant.</p>

      <p>Rosa nodded sagely. She seemed to have guessed what Hiro was thinking. “Then so I shall. But what of once the banquet is over?”</p>

      <p>Hiro looked at her in confusion, unsure what she meant. Her tongue snaked out to moisten her lips. The motion was so lascivious, it almost seemed obscene.</p>

      <p>“Let’s not play coy. What I mean is, how do you intend to explain to Liz that I spent the night in your chambers?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t. Because we’re sleeping separately.”</p>

      <p>“Really? You have no interest in me?” Rosa’s eyebrows rose in what looked like genuine surprise.</p>

      <p>Hiro put a hand to his forehead and heaved a sigh. “I thought you said you needed some time.”</p>

      <p>“And time has passed.” Rosa puffed out her chest for emphasis. “Now I am resolved.”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s jaw tightened just a little. “Do you really not get embarrassed by...you know, all this? I wonder if you’re where Liz gets it from.”</p>

      <p>While Rosa was overly forward about sexual matters, Liz was entirely ignorant, but that was causing its own problems. Hiro would have given anything to know what the Grantzian Empire was teaching its royal family.</p>

      <p>“Hm?” Rosa cocked her head at the mention of her sister. For a moment, she seemed confused that Liz was even being brought up, before recognition sparked in her eyes and she looked away guiltily. “Ah. Yes. That may indeed be my fault.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“I was the one who educated the fourth, fifth, and sixth princesses.”</p>

      <p>Hiro nodded in acknowledgment. Liz had mentioned something to that effect on the road from Linkus.</p>

      <p>“I found my little sisters more endearing when they were pure, so I substituted the truth for some fabrications of my own. Still, I could not care for them every hour of the day. Imagine my sorrow when they were appointed private tutors to supplement my lessons. It took all of my scheming to have the women removed.” Rosa paused and expelled a regretful sigh. “My, but I miss those days. It’s a shame they could not last. The fourth princess was the first to learn the truth. She told me to my face that she hated me and I haven’t seen her since. And the fifth princess never cared much for my lessons, so at some stage she found her own sources on the subject and discovered for herself what beasts men truly are.”</p>

      <p>She turned to gaze wistfully out of the window.</p>

      <p>“Liz was the only one who truly seemed to enjoy learning from me. I let myself get carried away and taught her all sorts of fanciful nonsense.”</p>

      <p>She seemed to think she was making ordinary conversation, but hearing her story made it hard to take her side. Noticing that Hiro was looking at her oddly, she waved a flustered hand in front of her face.</p>

      <p>“But worry not! I made certain to teach her caution. It wouldn’t do to have some man take advantage of her.”</p>

      <p>Hiro didn’t do a good job of concealing his incredulity. “Liz? Caution? Are you sure?”</p>

      <p>Rosa cocked her head. She looked from him to Liz, to him, to Liz, then clapped her hands in realization. “Ah. I see.”</p>

      <p>She opened her mouth to elaborate...and was interrupted by a knock on the window. A soldier’s voice, not too loud, not too quiet, sounded through the interior of the carriage.</p>

      <p>“We’re coming up on the capital, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>Rosa put a finger to her lips. <em>Another time,</em> the gesture seemed to say.</p>

      <p>“Then we shall change transport,” she called back to the soldier. “Have the parade carriage brought from the rear.”</p>

      <p>“At once, my lady.” The soldier retreated from the window, barking orders as he went.</p>

      <p>Rosa slid the curtains shut. “I’ll get changed first. You wake Liz.”</p>

      <p>Without hesitation, she undid the buttons on her military jacket and began to strip. The pale skin of her slender limbs met the morning air. She bared her breasts, cast the last of her clothing away, and was naked.</p>

      <p>Hiro had to wonder why she needed to go so far as removing her underwear—among other things—but she didn’t appear to feel the least bit of shame in doing so. If anything, she seemed proud, as though she had absolute confidence in her body. She leaned over and opened the case that contained her dress.</p>

      <p>Hiro sighed, although mostly out of exasperation rather than awe. He could make his excuses and flee outside, but then he would be the one on the receiving end of the soldiers’ disdain. No man in the world would run at the sight of his lover unclothed.</p>

      <p>“Look if you like. I welcome it, even.” Rosa’s voice was seductive in its sweetness. “Although, as much as it pains me, you really should wake Liz.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>