<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 3</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue</h1>

      <p>The frozen sky was empty of stars. Heavy clouds streamed overhead, obscuring the light of the moon. In the darkness below, a gale howled like a starving beast.</p>

      <p>“This way! Hurry!”</p>

      <p>Her voice cut as sharp as the wind through the blinding snowstorm, urging him on. The boy in black raised his head, but the blizzard obscured the speaker’s face.</p>

      <p>She hurried back to his side, her hand outstretched in an offer of aid. “Are you all right?”</p>

      <p>His pace was flagging, as anyone’s would if they had fought his battles.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be fine. Just keep going. If we stop now, we’ll freeze to death.”</p>

      <p>“At least they can’t follow us,” she said. “Although at this rate, the blizzard might do their job for them.”</p>

      <p>He took her fingers in his and found them ice-cold. They did not have long. Warmth might be too much to hope for, but finding shelter was imperative. Once the blizzard passed, they would be on the run again, and that would take every last ounce of strength they could conserve.</p>

      <p>“There.” He pointed to a cattle shed. It would keep the wind off well enough and help them retain some warmth. “No one will be working the fields this late, so...” He caught himself. “Of course, if you’d rather somewhere else...”</p>

      <p>His companion was of royal blood. Her pride might not allow her to sleep where beasts of burden lay their heads.</p>

      <p>The young woman squeezed his hand tightly, showing him that his concerns were unfounded. “Never fear. Nobody would ever believe that a princess spent the night in a stall.” She stepped forward and turned around, pressing a finger to a mischievous smile. “But you must promise not to tell. The people would faint if they knew.”</p>

      <p>He raised his arms with a theatrical sigh. “I wouldn’t dream of it.”</p>

      <p>No matter what ordeals lay ahead, they were in this together now—but the blizzard only grew fiercer, mocking their efforts with its laughter.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>