<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 5</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Reunion with Celia</h1>

      <p>Roughly one hour had passed since Rio and Aishia left the academy.</p>

      <p>Rio was flying in the sky above the castle alone. His black overcoat completely camouflaged him against the night sky, making it nearly impossible for him to be spotted from the ground.</p>

      <p><em>It’s been quite a while since we snuck in... Does Aishia really know what Celia looks like?</em> Rio thought, looking down at the enormous castle below.</p>

      <p>Because Aishia had slept inside Rio for so long, she wouldn’t have met with Celia before. Yet, for some reason, Aishia had stated that she knew Celia’s face. Apparently, through the spiritual link that connected a contract spirit and contractee, it was possible for the contractee’s memories to be read. If that was true, then it would explain why Aishia knew the face of someone she had never met, why she could speak Japanese, and why her martial arts techniques were so similar to Rio.</p>

      <p>That being said, with how long had passed since she entered the castle alone, he couldn’t help but worry about her. With nothing else to do, Rio was lost in his thoughts for a while, until a telepathic message arrived from Aishia.</p>

      <p><em>Haruto, I found Celia.</em></p>

      <p><em>Really?</em></p>

      <p><em>Yup,</em> Aishia replied. <em>She’s located in a big building to the far left of the front gate.</em> <em>It’s probably a guest house.</em> <em>There’s an entire detached suite there that belongs to Celia.</em> <em>It seems like she just finished dinner and is now back.</em></p>

      <p><em>...All right.</em> <em>Is there any area where I can get inside?</em></p>

      <p><em>There are lots of security guards inside the building and a few knights in front of Celia’s room, so you should come in from the terrace.</em> <em>I’ll guide you in my spirit form.</em></p>

      <p><em>Thank you.</em> <em>I’ll fly above the guest house first.</em> Following Aishia’s directions, Rio descended gracefully to the air above the guest house. From what he could see on the way, the security was indeed as harsh as one would expect of a royal castle. As he descended from the skies, he spotted security guards patrolling all over the place. However, with his ability to fly, it only took Rio half a minute to arrive above the guest house.</p>

      <p>The guest house was a building constructed separately from the castle and set up so that it could only be accessed by going through the sturdy stone bridge that connected it to the castle. With the wedding ceremony approaching, the guest house had many visitors staying over, resulting in more security guards there than near the castle.</p>

      <p><em>Celia is in a detached suite surrounded by a lake...</em> <em>The building closest to the castle,</em> Aishia’s voice echoed in Rio’s head.</p>

      <p><em>Got it.</em> <em>Over there—</em> Rio identified the building immediately.</p>

      <p>In order to reach the suite, one would normally have to use the dedicated suspension bridge, but Rio simply flew over with his spirit arts.</p>

      <p><em>There are several knights in front of the door, so drop down to the roof first.</em></p>

      <p><em>Okay,</em> Rio replied, landing on the roof of the detached suite.</p>

      <p><em>Celia’s on the second floor.</em> <em>The corner room closer to the castle.</em></p>

      <p><em>...This one?</em></p>

      <p><em>Yes, Celia’s room is directly below.</em> <em>There’s a knight guarding the door, but Celia’s the only one inside.</em> <em>Entering through the terrace would be a wise choice,</em> Aishia directed through telepathy.</p>

      <p><em>Understood.</em> <em>I’m going to drop down to the terrace, then.</em></p>

      <p><em>Yeah.</em> <em>I’ll unlock the window for you.</em></p>

      <p>With a deep breath, Rio descended onto the terrace; then, the window of the room unlocked with a clicking sound. Aishia stood inside the room in her physical form.</p>

      <p><em>This is her bedroom.</em> <em>Where’s Professor Celia?</em></p>

      <p><em>The other side of that door is a studio —</em> <em>Celia’s in there.</em> Aishia quietly pointed a finger at one of the several doors in the room.</p>

      <p><em>Got it.</em> <em>I’ll be back.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’ll be on lookout duty in my spirit form and let you know if anyone comes.</em></p>

      <p><em>Okay.</em> <em>Thank you for everything, Aishia.</em></p>

      <p><em>No problem.</em> Aishia shook her head and turned into her spirit form once more; the particles of light scattered everywhere. Rio walked toward the door of Celia’s studio and stopped before it.</p>

      <p><em>I guess... it would be better not to knock.</em> It wasn’t very polite, but manners didn’t matter when he was sneaking in.</p>

      <p>Rio opened the door quietly. </p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After finishing dinner and seeing off Roland and Charles, Celia headed straight for her room. In an estate as huge as this one, the only place she got any sense of privacy was her own room.</p>

      <p><em>It was the first time I met with father in ages, yet we couldn’t have any meaningful conversation...</em> Celia thought with a gloomy face.</p>

      <p><em>...But I’m glad I was able to confirm Father’s safety.</em> <em>The worst case scenario was averted, it seems...</em></p>

      <p>Before Celia’s engagement was decided, Count Claire had been secretly suspected of assisting Duke Huguenot in taking Second Princess Flora out of the capital, putting Count Claire in a precarious position himself. In order to clear that suspicion, it was decided that his daughter would wed Charles as a human sacrifice of sorts. And if he was allowed to meet her like how he did earlier, then it meant Roland’s position had now recovered.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve fulfilled my purpose of recovering my family’s position, right? All that’s left now is for me to be that man’s hostage for the rest of my life.</em> <em>That’s all.</em> <em>Yup, that’s all there is to it...</em> Celia bit down on her lip as she tried to convince herself. Now that the engagement was set in stone, it would be impossible for Charles and the Duke Arbor family behind him to treat Count Claire’s family with disdain any longer, which was why all Celia had to do now was quietly become Charles’ puppet.</p>

      <p>That was all. She had already resigned herself to her fate.</p>

      <p><em>But... But... Before the end... Before I get married... I wanted to see Rio,</em> Celia thought desperately, her eyes drawn to the surface of the work desk in the room. There, a single letter lay among the research materials. It was a letter Rio had sent several months ago.</p>

      <p>Celia picked up the letter and clutched it to her chest. It almost felt like Rio was beside her. She opened the envelope carefully and read it, despite having done so countless times. There was nothing special about the contents written down, but knowing that the characters were written by Rio made her heart yearn helplessly.</p>

      <p>When Celia had received the letter, she was barely being allowed to remain in her research laboratory in the academy, which why she was able to bring it here along with her research materials without inspection. The letter she received four years ago was stored carefully here, too.</p>

      <p>Lately, however, as she reread the letters, Celia noticed that she couldn’t get Rio out of her mind.</p>

      <p><em>I think... I used to like Rio.</em> <em>If only I realized back then...</em></p>

      <p>If she had, they may have been able to create even better memories with each other. She may have been able to confess her feelings honestly to him.</p>

      <p>Whenever those thoughts filled her head, Celia couldn’t help but feel like crying.</p>

      <p>However, it was all in the past. She would be getting married to another man tomorrow, and probably needed to get rid of the letters she received from her first love that she continued to stubbornly hold onto.</p>

      <p><em>It may be best if we never meet again.</em> <em>These letters will just make me feel more distressed, so I should probably dispose of them now...</em> Celia thought with a tearful expression.</p>

      <p>They were easy to dispose of — all she had to do was rip them and burn them. Celia stared fixedly at the letters as she considered it, when a soft clicking noise from the only door in the room broke the silence in the air.</p>

      <p>“W-Who’s there?!” Celia asked with a start. She hurriedly mixed the letters among her research materials on the desk before looking at the door.</p>

      <p>There stood a gray-haired boy in his mid-teens, dressed in a black coat.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Rio slowly opened the door to Celia’s studio, when her voice sounded from inside almost immediately.</p>

      <p>“W-Who’s there?!”</p>

      <p>The room was warmly lit by the light of magic lamps; Rio caught a glimpse of Celia placing something on her desk in a fluster. “Quiet... It’s me, Professor Celia.” He pressed a finger against his lips to shush her.</p>

      <p>“...Professor? Does that make you a student of the academy, then? How did you get inside? There should have been several knights standing guard, no?” Celia questioned him warily, backing away slowly as she did.</p>

      <p><em>Was there a student like this before? A foreign child?</em> she wondered to herself as she stared at Rio’s face dubiously. His frame was masculine and his form was slender, but visibly toned. The boy’s face was androgynous, with pretty and refined features, and his eyes had a gentle look to them.</p>

      <p>However, there was something suspicious about him.</p>

      <p>His face was fully revealed, yet his clothes didn’t seem like someone who came here through any official procedures. Thus, Celia’s first thought was that the person before her was a secret agent. It was typical for attractive men and women to be selected as spies, after all.</p>

      <p>“I used to be a student of the academy. How I got here is a rather long story I’m going to omit for now. The knights are still guarding the outside of your room, so please rest assured,” Rio replied, half amused.</p>

      <p>“...A past student?” Celia’s doubts grew stronger, but for some reason, his voice sounded somewhat familiar to her.</p>

      <p>“It’s me, Professor. Rio. I wrote a letter saying I’d come see you, did I not?” Rio said, chuckling.</p>

      <p>“...Huh?” Celia’s eyes widened as she froze.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Professor Celia,” Rio said, removing his necklace so that his hair would change from gray to black. Celia blinked blankly several times as she stared at his face.</p>

      <p>“Ah... eh? R... Rio?” she muttered, quite shaken.</p>

      <p>He definitely looked like the person in question; the second his hair turned black the resemblance became striking. No wonder his voice had sounded familiar. Even if his voice had changed during puberty, he still sounded like Rio.</p>

      <p>“...Professor? Did I surprise you too much?” Rio tilted his head with a troubled look, peering at the flustered Celia. Her eyes suddenly filled with tears.</p>

      <p>“Is that really you, Rio?” she asked in a trembling voice, desperately holding back from outwardly crying.</p>

      <p>Rio smiled gently and nodded. “Yes, I returned just like I promised. It’s been nearly four years, hasn’t it... oh.”</p>

      <p>Celia suddenly jumped at Rio’s chest, and he caught her body, gently.</p>

      <p>“Rio... it’s really you. It’s really you, Rio?!” Celia asked him, raising her face from his chest.</p>

      <p>She didn’t care why Rio was in this room right now; the bigger problem was whether the person before her was really Rio, or whether he was just an illusion she was hallucinating.</p>

      <p>“Yes, it really is.” Rio nodded gently.</p>

      <p>Celia touched Rio’s body and buried her face in his chest. “...Yeah, you’re warm. You smell like Rio, too. This isn’t a dream, right?” she asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“Yes, this isn’t a dream. It’s me. I’m alive. I missed you, Professor.” Rio hesitantly wound his arms around Celia’s back.</p>

      <p>“I missed you, too... I wanted to see you... I wanted to see you so much. You’ve grown up so much in such a short time...” Celia looked up at Rio happily, eyes glistening.</p>

      <p>“Me too... But you haven’t changed at all, Professor,” Rio said, grinning down at her mischievously. She remained in a daze for a moment.</p>

      <p>“Huh? W-What are you saying? Geez. You’re the one who grew too much. I became a little more ladylike, too, I’ll have you know!” She puffed up her cheeks and glared at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Yes, you’re beautiful.” Rio simply nodded happily.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>