<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Long time no see. Volume 7 is finally here. Allow me to apologize; in the afterword for volume 6, I said that in volume 7, they would reach the mainland...but our protagonist and his party have yet to set foot on those new lands. Instead, volume 7 centered around the voyage and Dungeon diving, featuring nothing but the interactions between our stable of heroines. The tone was so light compared to the heaviness of the story up to this point that one might mistake it for a side story. Of course, there were important events that affected the main plot too, but for the most part, it was all kissy-kissy, lovey-dovey. Before I sat down to write it, I’d thought we’d get to the mainland with time to spare. I’m sorry my powers weren’t up to the task.</p>

      <p>Beginning every afterword by asking your forgiveness is practically an established practice at this point, but I can’t let myself get too used to it, so I’d like to make the <em>next</em> one something nice and refreshing. Next time, I will. I swear it!</p>

      <p>Our main cast took a short break during volume 7, but that’s over now. I plan for the mainland arc to begin in earnest starting with volume 8. Expect a new Guardian, the showdown against Palinchron, Kanami’s backstory, and more of Hine’s jewelculus. I’d go so far as to say this next arc will form the backbone of <em>Dungeon Dive</em> (which isn’t to say it’ll mainly take place in the Dungeon, mind you).</p>

      <p>Lastly, I’d like to express my gratitude to all those who have cooperated and supported me in publishing this seventh volume. Thank you so much for the gorgeous illustrations, which are always so exquisite that I can’t help but feel guilty for imposing. In addition, I’m using the many comments I receive on the web version as a reference for my work. And to the editor, publisher, and everyone involved in the making of this book, I say thank you very much. See you next time!</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>