<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Elmirahd Pens a Hero Tale</h2>

      <p>“And so I have been tasked with laying out the events of this year’s Brawl in the form of a play,” announced Elmirahd Siddark upon marching into the office of a rival guild.</p>

      <p>In the face of his sheer bluntness, I, Epic Seeker submaster Tayly Linkar, had no choice but to reply through my disorientation. “Uh, huh... Naturally, I don’t mind cooperating, but are you really going to make Kanami the protagonist?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The calls from citizens who missed the matches the champion fought in are staggering in number. Swayed by the demands of the masses, Laoravia is spearheading the making of a play, and I was chosen as project leader. And just so you know, if I’m to be doing this, I intend to do a flawless job of it.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, I’m sorry? Are you really making it yourself, Lord Siddark?”</p>

      <p>“Something the matter with that?”</p>

      <p><em>Yes, obviously. It’s just weird.</em> But I resisted the urge to say that aloud, staring at the face that could be said to belong to the number one handsomest man in the nation. As always, he had a dignified air about him, the very image of a noble. For a noble among nobles like him, wasn’t a play something he would watch and enjoy as opposed to something he would <em>make?</em></p>

      <p>That was why I thought it strange. I contemplated what reasons Lord Siddark, illustrious member of the four leading noble houses of the Alliance, might have to take personal action. Then I remembered how our guildmaster had defeated him in the Brawl quarterfinals. Maybe he held a grudge and was out to tarnish the poor kid’s reputation.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no doubt about it. The moment he heard Kanami’s courage and grit would be immortalized as a play, he pulled strings to cut in. All to have his revenge!</em></p>

      <p>“ Er...if that’s the case, we at Epic Seeker don’t mind handling it ourselves. There’s no need for you to bother yourself with something this trifling, Lord Sidda—”</p>

      <p>“It wouldn’t be fair to leave it all up to Epic Seeker. We will compile the facts and present them to the public. Know that I’ve come here to fulfill that aim.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, right, of course.”</p>

      <p>I was trying to defend Kanami’s honor, but he ruthlessly cut through my opposition. He wasn’t giving an inch, and there was no one who could stand up to the eldest son of one of the great noble houses.</p>

      <p>“By the way, I intend to take charge of the script, the composition, the direction, and everything else. In order to complete the script as soon as possible, I want to interview you lot about his everyday life before the Brawl.”</p>

      <p>“What?! You’re doing everything yourself? But...why?!”</p>

      <p>“I told you, didn’t I? I’m aiming for perfection, and I’ll brook no objections.”</p>

      <p>Just as I surmised, the chances seemed higher he would interfere. Kanami’s standing in the Alliance from this point onward was subject to the whims of the man who had taken full authority for the project into his own hands. Well, I was determined to safeguard our hero’s good name by hook or by crook.</p>

      <p>Lord Siddark sat himself haughtily down on the office sofa, and the interview (or should I say cross-examination?) began.</p>

      <p>“Now then, do tell me everything you know. Start from the beginning.”</p>

      <p>Left with no other choice, I picked my words carefully and explained how Kanami had gotten started as guildmaster. “The boy was a new recruit when one of our members, Palinchron, brought him in from I don’t know where. My apologies, but in point of fact, nobody in the guild knows where he came from.”</p>

      <p>“Hm...as I thought, he’s been shrouded in mystery since before joining Epic Seeker. Go on.”</p>

      <p>“Right after, that numbskull Palinchron said out of nowhere that he would make the boy guildmaster. Needless to say, we all objected, and as a result, we conducted mock battles, him versus everyone else. Our resident numbskull proposed that if no one could beat him, we shouldn’t complain. The words out of that dummy’s mouth...”</p>

      <p>By pinning the blame for the unseemliness of it on Palinchron, I emphasized that Kanami himself was truly free of fault. And since this was Palinchron we were talking about, nothing would change if <em>his</em> reputation soured more.</p>

      <p>“That happened on day one?! I did wonder why Kanami was serving as guildmaster. To think he was forced into it so...”</p>

      <p>“Yes, that blockhead was being <em>very</em> pushy—”</p>

      <p>“No. Palinchron Regacy is no fool. If anything, he possesses a discerning eye. He detected Kanami’s talents and placed him in the position he deserved, regardless of the criticism he received from his peers. Heh. I expect no less of that wunderkind. I can see it now: Kanami showing off his skills with the blade during the mock battle against the rest of the guild, captivating them all with his sheer artistry. The moment they all recognized him as their master.”</p>

      <p>Actually, back then, Kanami’s sword skills hadn’t reached their current insane heights, but it seemed Lord Siddark believed he had been Blademaster level from the start. As my aim was to make sure Kanami’s reputation didn’t take a hit, I didn’t disabuse him of that notion.</p>

      <p>“Yes, it’s just as you say, Lord Siddark. And once he became guildmaster, he met then-submaster Snow, and...heh heh. Yessir. That’s where Kanami and Snow’s budding love affair began! Of course, at first, Snow was her lethargic self, but the more she interacted with him and the more guildwork they did—”</p>

      <p>“That’s okay. I don’t need to hear about Snow. I’m sure it’s the same old same old with her. Let me guess, she foisted all the work on the good-natured Kanami. Don’t need to be a seer to guess that.”</p>

      <p>That wasn’t exactly the response I’d wanted to hear upon mentioning my pride and joy, Snow. It was like he had more of an interest in Kanami than in his betrothed.</p>

      <p>“Okay, then. Well, their work together formed the greater part of his daily life at Epic Seeker, so if I leave all that out, the next big event would be his meeting Mr. Lorwen. He snatched up both Mr. Lorwen and little Reaper from the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>“That’s what I wanna know about! I knew it—he bumped into Lorwen Arrace in the Dungeon, did he?! So...how did he and Kanami spend their days?! What did the two who would eventually face off in the finals talk about?! Tell me this instant!”</p>

      <p>“Um, yes. So...”</p>

      <p><em>Whoa.</em> He was comporting himself a bit oddly. He was getting so excited hearing about Kanami’s activities that he reminded me of a hyped-up little kid. He just wanted to know more about the boy. Nothing more, nothing less. I sensed no shred of envy or malice there, nor any ulterior motives or intention to drag his name through the mud. That threw me for a loop, but I did as I was told and recounted what I knew.</p>

      <p>“So as you can see, he and Mr. Lorwen got along great. They worked together, and trained together, stuff like—”</p>

      <p>“I see! So that’s what led to that master-versus-disciple showdown they had! And then?! What next?!”</p>

      <p>“Before the Brawl, they took on a dragon-slaying mission, and I do believe it was Kanami who delivered the finishing blow. It was around then his sword skills developed rapidly.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha! That’s the hero who defeated me for you! He even caught up to Sir Lorwen, lifetime honorary Blademaster! How gallant! Oh, right, I need to write all this down! In order to save the caged daughter of a noble house, our Hero of Laoravia took the head of a dragon unaided! His swordsmanship surpassing even that of the Blademaster Fenrir!”</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s a bit exaggerated, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Hold your tongue! Exaggerated, say you?! When it comes to <em>Kanami</em>, such feats are par for the course!” he shouted like a child whose favorite thing in the world had been mocked.</p>

      <p>It was then it dawned on me. After that display, how could I not realize it? The man was just a Kanami fanboy...and an off-puttingly high-intensity one at that.</p>

      <p>“Uh, certainly, knowing <em>him</em>, he could do it... I suppose? And sure, <em>maybe</em>, he did it all to save Snow from her anguish... Maybe.”</p>

      <p>Personally, I’d be more inclined to watch the play if it were centered on Snow rather than Mr. Lorwen. It would be a great chance to make her lovability and adorability known throughout the Alliance.</p>

      <p>“Right?!” he replied.</p>

      <p>“Yes! Absolutely! Let’s go with that!”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha! Now, on to the next great feats of his! Tell me more, Linkar!”</p>

      <p>Our interests aligned—I approved of the credulous encomium he called a play. Our scriptwriting lasted well into the night, and come daybreak, we were still at it.</p>

      <p>“Oho! I like the sound of that, Linkar!”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh! You’re a man of sense and taste, Lord Siddark!”</p>

      <p>The two of us had hit it off, and now our play was nearing completion. For decades to come, the theaters and troubadours of the Alliance would recite the legend by the name of <em>The Brawl of Kanami the Hero.</em></p>

      <h2>Let’s Make an Anti-See-Through Barrier</h2>

      <p>The ship we purchased, the <em>Living Legend</em>, was a great vessel. The merchant told us it was a fuel-inefficient jalopy, but if you paid that shortcoming no mind, you could call it world-class. The onboard equipment and facilities wouldn’t be out of place in a noble’s mansion, with an ample number of magic gems used throughout all manner of magic tool furnishings. There was no more convenient place to spend one’s days. What really exemplified that was the bath chamber on board. The fact that we could relax in a hot tub was a luxury only the <em>Living Legend</em> could provide.</p>

      <p>There was, however, one problem with that luxury. One complaint that arose on this day. And it was something that couldn’t be overlooked during a voyage with mixed-gender company.</p>

      <p>Maria groaned, her arms folded in front of the entrance to the baths. “It’s a glorious tub, but at this rate...Mr. Kanami can peep on us as much as he likes.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what?” I definitely wasn’t expecting <em>that</em>. I’d been called down here after being told it was an emergency, but now I just wanted to run for the hills.</p>

      <p>“In the past, I didn’t give the idea of bathing in your vicinity any thought because I didn’t have a full grasp of your abilities, but now that I think about it, that was quite risky of me. The baths in this ship have no barrier, so you can use <em>Dimension</em> to peep to your heart’s content. Let’s do something about that.”</p>

      <p>Maria had also called the others here. Lastiara was first to give her two cents. “I mean, I don’t really care either way. Also, why now, after all this time?”</p>

      <p>“Ms. Lastiara, let’s exercise a bit more discretion, shall we? I know your actual age is three, but you do still have the body of an adult. You mustn’t ever bare your skin to the opposite sex so lightly.”</p>

      <p>“I understand that. But the only guy on the ship’s Kanami, so what’s the big deal?”</p>

      <p>Just like that, it came to light that the most gorgeous girl in the group wasn’t wary in the slightest, and as the only guy present, it made me want to flee in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>What Snow followed up with didn’t help matters either. “Maybe if it’s <em>him</em> peeking I don’t mind so much... Heh heh heh...” she said, shooting glances my way.</p>

      <p>That was Snow for you. A noted expert on driving me up a wall. But Maria was quick to reprimand her moronic comment in harsh tones.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Snow, we’re also meeting to discuss countermeasures against all your eavesdropping.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?! You’re gonna counter my magic too?!” she shouted, genuinely astonished despite how blindingly obvious that was. In a dither, she looked around with a vexed expression, but of course, nobody offered her a lifeboat. She was getting her just deserts.</p>

      <p>Maria continued, ignoring her. “What do you think, Dia?”</p>

      <p>“You’re totally right, Maria! It’s... It’s, it’s it’s not like <em>I’m</em> worried about getting peeped on, but we do gotta do something about this kinda thing, you know?! So, yeah!”</p>

      <p>He seemed pretty damn worried about it. Dia was reacting the most like a girl out of all of them, beet red in the face.</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh. Nice answer, Dia. Next we have Reaper. Your thoughts?”</p>

      <p>“Big brother and I are linked to begin with. My body getting seen makes no difference to me! So if you ask me, I’d say maybe it’s not so necessary.”</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami,” said Maria after a pause, “what exactly is the meaning of that?”</p>

      <p>Ms. Sera pressed closer to me, shuddering with rage. “You! <em>You!</em> You would lay your hands on a <em>child</em> like Reaper?!”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, wait up! Hold on a second! Look, it’s...it’s true I might know Reaper’s sizes or whatever, but I do my best not to look at that kinda stuff! I swear! And I have the same policy with <em>Dimension!</em> I don’t think about you guys’ bodies at all!”</p>

      <p>“I see,” said Maria. “Well, this is <em>you</em> we’re talking about, so I believe you. That said, the fact that you don’t think anything of us as ladies <em>at all</em> is something of a bitter pill in and of itself.”</p>

      <p><em>Ugh, what do you want from me, then?</em></p>

      <p>Realizing that at this rate I’d be criticized no matter how I replied, I understood that I had no choice but to flee at full throttle. “Uh, actually...wouldn’t it be, like, better if you guys talked about it while I’m not around? Can I, like, go back to my room for a sec?”</p>

      <p>“No. For the time being, we’ll ask Dia to make an anti-magic barrier. You’ll be here to test whether you can see through that barrier and into the baths using <em>Dimension</em>.”</p>

      <p>So she meant to have the barrier erected right away, and for me to stress test it. If you asked me, there wasn’t much of a point in having<em> me</em> test it; I got the feeling that I could manipulate how durable it ended up being by going easy on it.</p>

      <p>There was a whole bunch I wanted to say, but before I could, Lastiara gleefully jumped at the idea of the stress test. She was always a believer in fun above all else.</p>

      <p>“Now that sounds like a hoot! All right, I’ll be standing on the other side of the door, so let’s see if you can defend against Kanami’s <em>Dimension</em>, Dia!”</p>

      <p>And with that, the construction of the bath chamber barrier began. The barrier whose purpose was to prevent any potential peeping by me...and whose creation I was helping with. To be honest, it didn’t make sense.</p>

      <p>Sure enough, the making of the barrier didn’t go smoothly. At one point, Lastiara was actually changing clothes on the other side of the door for some reason. At another, Snow started interfering in order to prevent countermeasures against her eavesdropping powers. At another, Reaper got bored and entered the baths herself. It was truly rough going from all the trouble we ran into.</p>

      <p>That night, the barrier was complete—at the cost of my stomach health. But that wasn’t the last of the ulcer-inducing incidents. Frighteningly, my boat voyage had only just begun...</p>

      <h2>The Otherworld Heroines’ Otherworld Massages, Part 3</h2>

      <p>Maybe it was because in this world, it was magic and not science that people built up over time, but I was always bumping into culture shocks I would never have expected. Basically everything anyone did had magic involved in some form, and since I was so used to living in modern society, every day was full of surprises. One recent example that was fresh in my mind was magic-assisted massages.</p>

      <p>Back when I was living in Laoravia, before embarking on the sea voyage, I received one massage from Maria and one from Snow. Maria had used fire magic and Snow vibration magic, resulting in Maria burning my back and Snow damn near killing me. I was surprised, or rather, frightened. Truly, truly frightened. I vowed inwardly to never receive a massage again.</p>

      <p>Sadly, reality didn’t always oblige, my vow to myself notwithstanding, for there was another girl who was stirred to action after hearing about my two massages. It was Lastiara, the one who loved anything that seemed fun. All throughout the voyage, she’d keep going, “Feeling tired? I’ll massage you if you like?” and I’d keep replying, “That’s okay, I’m good.”</p>

      <p>But she just wouldn’t give up. In the end, she started whining, “What, <em>still?</em>” Kicking up a fuss over wanting a turn too like the little kid she effectively was. And once things got to <em>that</em> point, it was more of a pain trying to dissuade her than not. Plus, I did have feelings for her, which went most of the way. I told her that she could give me a <em>quick little</em> massage, and just like that, she was rubbing my shoulders while I was sitting in a deck chair.</p>

      <p>“How’s that feel, good sir?” she asked like a consummate masseuse. No idea where she learned how to talk like one.</p>

      <p>“I hate to admit it, but you’re good.”</p>

      <p>“Aren’t I? I was <em>born</em> dexterous. I can do pretty much anything, really.”</p>

      <p>Why had I doubted Lastiara’s massage skills? Any parlor of pros would snatch her up in a heartbeat. I’d thought that thanks to her personality, it would end up turning into something stranger than this. I closed my eyes, and a little bit of the fatigue I’d accrued on this trip melted away. After a few minutes of Lastiara massaging my shoulders, right after I let my guard all the way down, she proved I’d been right to doubt her.</p>

      <p>“A blood mage of my caliber can even massage you in a way that improves your blood flow. Let me show ya.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah, uh, cool. I do think I feel kinda nice and warm now.”</p>

      <p>She started rubbing my shoulders with some blood magic without stopping to hear me say yes first. Magic-assisted massages triggered a trauma response in me, but the lovely effect hit me before I could even warn or stop her. That was my worst lapse of vigilance all day.</p>

      <p>“Yeah! And I know lots of other good techniques too. They’re inscribed in my blood!”</p>

      <p>“You don’t gotta do anything fancy. Just give me a normal massage. I want normal...”</p>

      <p>“Like, for example, a massage using wind magic. I can loosen up muscle stiffness with the spell that makes lightning bzzt right through you.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, lightning? Wait, I don’t— Gwahhh!”</p>

      <p>Electricity coursed through me. Her point-blank lightning spell made my body go rigid and immobile. I tumbled down from my chair and hit the ground face down. Then she sat astride me.</p>

      <p>“Got you! Hee hee. It’s a full-body massage or nothing! Otherwise it’s not as fun for me!”</p>

      <p>“Wh-Why you!”</p>

      <p>It seemed this was what she’d been after from the beginning. After restraining me, she gave a smile of great glee as she worked her magic energy.</p>

      <p>“Let’s see, Mar-Mar used fire magic, and Snow used non-elemental magic...so why don’t I try using all the other elements for your massage? See what happens? I think I’ll go for water magic first. I’ll manipulate the water in your body and boost your health. Or you know, something like that.”</p>

      <p>“Hey! Don’t make me your guinea pig! Y-You little—”</p>

      <p>Spooked for my well-being, I tried to escape.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no moving your body. Bzzt.”</p>

      <p>It was no use. Another electric attack temporarily paralyzed me.</p>

      <p>“Stop hitting me with point-blank electric shocks! Fuck, that hurts!”</p>

      <p>“But if I go softer on you, you’ll keep struggling.”</p>

      <p>“You took a huge chunk of my HP! That shit deals crazy damage, you know!”</p>

      <p>Looking at my menu, the sheer damage might even be akin to a hit from a Dungeon monster. In other words, one false step and I was dead as a doornail.</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, look at that. You did take a ton of damage off that...but it’s A-OK, Kanami! I can use healing magic!”</p>

      <p>“So?!”</p>

      <p>“So even if you take damage from the body-moisture massage I’m about to give you, there’s no need to worry!”</p>

      <p>“No need to worry my ass!”</p>

      <p>What sprang to mind right then were Maria’s and Snow’s massages. Both had been accompanied by horrendous pain, and both had taken me to the very brink of death. And now, history was about to repeat itself.</p>

      <p>“No, stop! Don’t mix magic and massages! I’m telling you, it’s legit dangerous!”</p>

      <p>“It’ll be <em>fine.</em> I can see how much HP you’ve got left, and I’m good at healing. You’re not gonna <em>die</em>.”</p>

      <p>“You say that like it’s a given you’re gonna bring me to <em>near</em> death through your massage!”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh... Once I’m done with the water element, let’s go with wood or earth next. If I bury you in the ground, will you perk up like a plant? Ah, some time’s passed. Bzzt.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t electrocute me like it’s routine! You’ve really got no intention of letting me go, huh?!”</p>

      <p>Due to her electric magic and her being on top of me, I was totally unable to wrest myself free. Then I felt the activation of water magic through my back, just as Lastiara began her full-body massage. And frankly, it did feel good. Unfortunately, that pleasant sensation was counterbalanced by the constant anxiety. Also, what exactly <em>was</em> a body-moisture massage, anyway? It sounded scary as hell.</p>

      <p>“Somebody save m—”</p>

      <p>“Bzzt.”</p>

      <p>Thus, I was subjected to this human experimentation she called a massage until the moment my other allies arrived on the deck. The end result? She did make me feel light as a feather. Yet it had also been more than enough to make my phobia of massages full-blown. That night, I swore to myself yet again that I would never let anyone else massage me. I really did. However, that wasn’t the end of my battle against massages. I had other friends on this ship. Other friends who had yet to give me one.</p>

      <p>My ordeal wasn’t over.</p>

      <p>To be continued...</p>

      <h2>Let’s Aim for the Top of the Academy, Part 7</h2>

      <p>At present, I was in quite a shitty position at Eltraliew Academy. How shitty, you may ask. I’ll tell you. It was I-dunno-when-somebody-might-stab-me-from-behind-level shitty.</p>

      <p>It all started a week ago when, invited by the student council president of our academy, the noble-born Karamia Arrace, I showed up at her house, where I met the head of the clan, a ripped old man named Fenrir Arrace, holder of the you’ve-gotta-be-kidding-me title of “Blademaster.” For some reason, he took quite a liking to me. Then at some point, Karamia told him, “He’s always there to protect me at school. He’s almost like my boyfriend.” There was even talk of me being the next successor to the Arrace school of the blade, and before long, the rumors had made it to the halls of the academy.</p>

      <p>It was late morning, and I was doing my work as Lady Karamia’s butler when a female student I wasn’t familiar with hit her with one hair-raising question. “Is it true, Lady Karamia?! Is Kanami over there really a candidate to become your fiancé?!”</p>

      <p>Her face turned red. “No. Not yet,” she replied sheepishly.</p>

      <p>The girl practically squealed as she took to her heels. This was bad. Real bad.</p>

      <p>I cast a glance at Lady Karamia as we talked side by side, only to find her staring at me. When our eyes met, she averted her gaze shyly. “Well...drat. Where on earth did a rumor like <em>that</em> come from? Heh heh heh.”</p>

      <p>Clearly, she wasn’t actually all that chagrined by this development. It was then that it sank in—I was more cornered than I’d thought. My school chums, Annius and Liner, had warned me time and again of the consequences, but only now did I understand. Lady Karamia... Up until a little while ago, she’d been raring to kill me. How had it ended up this way? In what world could I have seen it coming? When she’d invited me to her home, I’d honestly thought, <em>It doesn’t mean anything; she only hired me to use me and then toss me aside when she’s done with me.</em></p>

      <p>On the other hand, I wasn’t entirely dissatisfied with the rumors either. The student council president was one of the top beauties in the academy, and she even had something akin to a fan club that worshiped the ground she walked on, which wasn’t something anyone questioned. Her light crimson hair and eyes were arresting; one glance and you were captivated. She was more than just “cute.” To put it bluntly, she was pretty as all get-out.</p>

      <p>Needless to say, however, the word of my becoming her fiancé made me the object of the male students’ enmity. Moreover, there were plenty of nobles who would never see someone of shady stock such as me as having the right to even become acquainted with the House of Arrace, one of the leading noble clans. Thanks to that, I was soon dragged to the roof by a mob of hostiles.</p>

      <p>It happened after class, and after my butler work for Lady Karamia was over for the day. I was walking down a hallway by myself when students who were perfect strangers dragged me off. The roof of Eltraliew Academy was as opulent as every other location. It was as spacious as a sporting ground, and it had a few trees here and there for what I assumed were ornamental purposes. The imposing mob had chased me to a corner of the roof, and they had me surrounded. They were glowering at me from all directions; there had to be well over twenty of the bastards.</p>

      <p>The guy who looked the highest-status student out of all of them gave an affected sigh. “Oh, what trouble. A mud-blood like you getting in close with the exalted stock that is Student Council President Arrace. The very notion would throw this vaunted academy into disarray.”</p>

      <p>I’d heard lines like that before somewhere. It would be pointless to give his remarks any deep thought. At the end of the day, he was going to have me beaten to a pulp because he didn’t much care for me. End of story.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure you can? If you put a hand on me, Lady Karamia and the headmaster won’t take it lying down.”</p>

      <p>“Please don’t get the wrong idea. What’s about to unfold is only a <em>duel</em>. They’re quite the rage at the academy these days. These here pupils, they’re full of vim and vigor, see. And they’ll be challenging you, the talk of the town, to a duel. Continually. That’s all there is to it.”</p>

      <p>The noble-among-nobles guy looked at the students around us. In all likelihood, the ones surrounding me were only here because they’d been forced into it by this dude’s high level of authority. At the academy, status was everything. Those of low social standing couldn’t defy the orders of their “betters.” Judging by the looks on their faces, they’d definitely been ordered to thrash me even if it meant expulsion. It was always the same—the bozos with money and power made the whole world dance to their tune. And here at Eltraliew Academy, such abuses of power went unpunished.</p>

      <p>“Now then, let him have it,” the boy said with no hesitation.</p>

      <p>All at once, the students surrounding me started crafting their respective spells.</p>

      <p>“Dammit!”</p>

      <p>Needless to say, I attempted to flee, but the ringleader’s spell blocked my path.</p>

      <p>“<em>Light Wall.</em> Heh. Now be good and eat all their spells.”</p>

      <p>Things truly couldn’t get much worse. I was up against a whole gang of people. It was safe to say my chance of winning a protracted battle against this many was nil. My combat style involved chewing through one-off magic items, so I was only good at one-on-one fights, and even then, only when I could win quickly. I wasn’t going to win this one. And who knew what would happen to me after I lost? The kids here were going to launch attacks at me that broke my bones without batting an eye.</p>

      <p>No, that was overly optimistic. These guys intended to pummel me into paste, fully aware that they were antagonizing Ms. Karamia in doing so. There was no way they didn’t have the necessary determination and a carefully thought-out plan. And rubbing me out had to be on the table for them. The hope was slim that they’d be so merciful as to leave it at threatening me or giving me a scare. After all, covering up my murder as a “fatal accident” would be child’s play for a noble of this guy’s standing.</p>

      <p>A wall of light was barring my escape, and dozens of students were getting ready to unleash their magic at me. The quality and quantity of the magic tools on my person could <em>maybe</em> win me a single duel. I simply lacked the power to overcome this situation. There was no need to calculate my odds; my defeat was written in stone. The scene of the death of Aikawa Kanami flashed through my mind. The boy who’d stumbled into another world. The boy who’d been tossed into an academy without any choice in the matter. The boy who’d be flattened by a mob without understanding the first thing about anything.</p>

      <p><em>No way. No way I can get that raw of a deal! I won’t let that happen! Get outta here with that shit!</em></p>

      <p>Right when I was about to make my move...</p>

      <p><em>“Pipe down.”</em></p>

      <p>One sentence. Two words.</p>

      <p>That instant, magic power rushed across the roof, and a shock wave not unlike a powder keg exploding suffused the space. It happened in the blink of an eye. One sentence. One spell. One single, solitary blast. That was all it took to strike down all of the students, leaving only their ringleader standing. Baffled, he surveyed the wretched state of his posse of flunkies, then caught sight of who stood behind them.</p>

      <p>“Huh? What happened?! Why?! Eeeeeek!”</p>

      <p>He left the other students behind and ran as fast as his legs could carry him down from the roof. I immediately turned my eyes to where he had looked, and there she was, atop a branch of one of the trees lining the roof. A girl. The one who must have caused this devastation.</p>

      <p>“Can you move?” she asked as she leaped down.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t reply right away. I was so astonished that I was struck dumb. Her light-blue hair was wavy like the sea. I was so mesmerized by her outrageously long, thin, beautiful hair that I was frozen in place. And it wasn’t just her hair that made her a stunner. Her face, with her characteristically sleepy eyes, was as beautiful as Lady Karamia’s. No, she was even more beautiful.</p>

      <p>This girl wasn’t wearing the school uniform. Rather, she was wearing many layers of clothing in what I could only describe as “folk dress.” Coupled with her cool-as-a-sea-breeze hair color, she looked gorgeous. She was so beautiful that I could hardly take my eyes off her.</p>

      <p>“Wait. Don’t tell me I injured you?”</p>

      <p>That snapped me out of it. I owed this girl my life. This was no time to be clamming up. “Er, uh, it’s just... I’m okay... Thank you very much...”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Good then,” she said expressionlessly.</p>

      <p>When she looked at my face, it gave her pause. Even I could tell my face was turning red, all because I’d made eye contact with her. I was probably wearing the same expression that Lady Karamia had exhibited that morning.</p>

      <p>A pause. “Hm? Hold on. Could you be Ms. Arrace’s fiancé?”</p>

      <p>“Um...well, uh, not yet...” I said. I found myself not wanting her to get the wrong idea.</p>

      <p>A pause. “Oh well, whatever. ’Kay, so you clean that mess up. I’m going back to sleep.” She returned to the branches to doze off once more.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Walker! Ms. Snow Walker!”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Hngh. What?” She’d responded.</p>

      <p>So I was right. This was the person who was considered “beyond rank” in the Elt-Order duelist rankings. The one I was so determined to defeat one day. The legendary girl rumored to be the strongest at the academy. The Azure Fury herself, Snow Walker.</p>

      <p>“Allow me to express my thanks one more time. Thank you so much...for saving me.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “You’re welcome.” And with that, she closed her eyes.</p>

      <p>Watching her, I was rendered speechless anew. All around me were kids groaning on the floor, knocked over by her spell. Yet my eyes were locked on Ms. Snow above. She’d stolen my gaze...and my heart.</p>

      <p>For on this day, it was love at first sight.</p>

      <p>And this very day was the day my tale at this academy <em>truly</em> began.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>