<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_2"><div class="main">
      <p>“And that’s that,” said Maria. “Shall we move on, Mr. Kanami?”</p>

      <p>“Phew, glad that worked!”</p>

      <p>The pair that had created that hellscape walked forward leisurely. Lastiara and I were dumbfounded. Looking at their menus, their MP had only ticked down by one digit. To them, that whole display had been akin to some light exercise.</p>

      <p>“R-Right... Let’s go, shall we?”</p>

      <p>They’d also earned a truckload of EXP. Lastiara and I could run around till we were blue in the face, but we’d never catch up to their sheer EXP-grinding efficiency. Their overwhelming power to not only kill but utterly exterminate left my mind blank. And here I’d been protecting the two of them with my sword just moments ago. Imagine my shock when I realized there had never been any need to do so. Lastiara’s earlier on-top-of-the-world attitude was gone. Confused, we meekly followed in Dia and Maria’s wake.</p>

      <p>But there was no time to remain in a state of shock, as a few minutes later, <em>Dimension</em> picked up new monsters approaching us.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“W-We’ve got monsters! They’re coming from three directions simultaneou—”</p>

      <p>“Are they the same monsters?” asked Maria. “If they are, it won’t be a problem.”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to us! <em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>Streaks of light passed through gun barrels made of fire, and the monsters disappeared before we’d even caught sight of them.</p>

      <p>“Th-They <em>were</em> coming at us from three directions, but they all died. Right, so...guess we’ll go pick up their magic gems.”</p>

      <p>The battle ended in the blink of an eye. Maria had her flames floating in the vicinity at all times, which was likely the spell called <em>Flame Calculash</em>. Any monsters that entered its area of effect would be killed instantly by one of Dia’s <em>Flame Arrow</em>s. Their resonant magic was perfect—<em>so, so perfect</em>—that my enemy detection and Lastiara’s attack power were rendered completely unnecessary. The duo intercepted monsters so fast that Lastiara never saw so much as a shadow of an enemy.</p>

      <p>Thus did we stroll toward Floor 33. We were repeatedly attacked along the way, but in the end, none of the monsters got close enough for us to even see them. We reached the thirty-third floor unscathed, without ever even learning the name of the crystal bird creature.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“Ms. Lastiara, if you could please level us up; thank you.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, sure thing.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara leveled Maria and Dia up. They’d wiped out so many high-level monsters that they had accumulated more than enough EXP for it.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Diablo Sith</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 220/244</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 629/1,030</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Swordfighter</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 16</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 8.81</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 7.19</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 4.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 4.21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 14.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 58.16</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 5.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Maria</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 159/233</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 601/1,005</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 15</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 8.87</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 8.73</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 7.40</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 4.81</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 9.89</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 53.22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 4.13</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>What was scary was that our mages were curb-stomping the enemies at less than half the recommended level to face them.</p>

      <p>“Now I have even more magic energy. I should be able to increase the number of active flames.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, and I oughta be able to pour even <em>more</em> power into it!”</p>

      <p>I felt kinda bad for the monsters. Maria and Dia’s resonant magic, which had been perfected during their trial and error over successive slaying sprees, had turned the duo into a juggernaut.</p>

      <p>“Dia, what should we name this resonant spell?”</p>

      <p>“Name? You’re right; giving it a name would be handy. Hmm...how ’bout we have Kanami choose? He’s always making a buncha new spells.”</p>

      <p>“Good point. Mr. Kanami, could you name it for us?”</p>

      <p>Her calling out to me snapped me back to reality (Lastiara was still in a bit of a daze).</p>

      <p>“Its name, huh? Er...how’s ‘Aegis’ sound to you? In my world, it means something like a shield or armor to protect somebody.”</p>

      <p>“I like it. This spell is fire magic created to protect you, Mr. Kanami. What say we name it <em>Flame Aegis</em>?”</p>

      <p>Having settled on a name for the overpowered fire spell, we resumed our dive. Floor 33 was structured with a lot of water in the form of rivers and shallows and the like, and it was inhabited by different types of monsters. The number of hard, mineral-based monsters had decreased, and the number of water-based monsters had increased in its stead. My expression turned cheerier; aquatic monsters were likely very resistant to fire magic, so I continued onward, figuring it would soon be my and Lastiara’s turn to shine. But then...</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Aegis!</em>”</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Aegis!</em>”</p>

      <p>That was not, in fact, the case. Dia’s spells blazed straight through the monsters lurking under the waves like a hot knife through butter. A little bit of water was meaningless before such a crushing amount of heat. The water evaporated the instant the spells touched it, so whether the monsters were aquatic or mineral-based was immaterial. Lastiara and I had our swords out, on high alert for aquatic threats, but we never got to swing them; the battle always ended with us simply standing there.</p>

      <p>“The... The monsters keep evaporating before they can get close...”</p>

      <p>“We’ve got nothing to do, do we, Kanami? I mean, it’s important to stand guard over them in case push comes to shove, but it’s like...you know?”</p>

      <p>I completely understood what she meant by “you know?” because really, who were we kidding? There was no reason for us to be there. There was no way the monsters were going to actually slip past <em>Flame Aegis</em> and attack our companions. In all honesty, Dia and Maria were all the party needed. We were just leeching off them at this rate. But neither Lastiara nor I could state that aloud, because we got the feeling that if we openly acknowledged that fact, the pride we’d built up over all this time would come crumbling down.</p>

      <p>The pair in the rear faced us with tranquil expressions.</p>

      <p>“We’re only able to fire our magic with peace of mind because you two are with us, Ms. Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>That was nice of her to say. It really was, but...</p>

      <p>“Yeah!” said Dia. “You two can just sit pretty in the back for us.”</p>

      <p>“Right. We’re doing this because we enjoy it. Please, leave it to us and relax, Mr. Kanami.”</p>

      <p>In another context, what she said would make me sound like a kept man. As you might expect, Lastiara and I were no longer able to hide our restlessness. We pondered ways we could contribute, but reality was a harsh mistress. So long as we were unable to propose a strategy that surpassed their use of <em>Flame Aegis</em>, our time to shine would never come. When monsters attacked, we silently sheathed the swords we’d drawn, over and over and over. The repeated anticlimax was a thing of sorrow. I felt true sadness at my inability to participate, given how my newfound freedom had increased the amount of time I thought about the Dungeon in video game terms. Lastiara’s expression mirrored mine, but we kept going, relying on the other two entirely.</p>

      <p>“Resonant spell: <em>Flame Aegis!”</em></p>

      <p>“Resonant spell: <em>Flame Aegis!”</em></p>

      <p>Bits of flame flitted everywhere along the corridors, evaporating the monsters the moment they entered their domain. This was no longer a stirring string of battles; it had turned into <em>work</em>.</p>

      <p>As I picked up the magic gem drops, I was reminded of how when a player’s party was too strong in an RPG, they reached a point where they could blast through any enemy by pressing a single button again and again. Just by walking alongside Maria and Dia, we could effectively skip all monster encounters.</p>

      <p>We eventually reached the next floor, once again without seeing so much as the shadow of a monster. In all that time, Lastiara and I did nothing more than pick up the magic gems the monsters dropped upon dying. We looked down at our feet with dejected expressions, because what else could we do?</p>

      <p>It was midway through Floor 34 when Maria addressed our crestfallen forms.</p>

      <p>“I’m running out of MP. Mr. Kanami, the <em>Connection</em> gate.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right.”</p>

      <p>I created one. At this point, I was well served by doing everything Maria told me to. There was nothing to object to...</p>

      <p>I plodded through the portal, and Lastiara, who was beginning to lose sight of the very meaning of life, followed me through.</p>

      <p>Beyond the door, we saw the great blue sky—we were back aboard the <em>Living Legend</em>. I checked the fruits of our first Dungeon dive together.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 303/351 MP: 366/889-400</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Diver</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 19</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 11.05</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 12.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 16.32</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 19.84</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 16.53</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 44.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Lastiara Whoseyards</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 735/783</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 338/353</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 19</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 14.99</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 14.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 8.59</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 10.44</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 14.21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 10.57</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 4.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Diablo Sith</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 220/269</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 182/1,107</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Swordfighter</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 18</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 9.19</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 7.54</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 4.41</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 4.62</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 15.80</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 65.26</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 5.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Maria</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 159/264</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 23/1,065</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 17</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 9.50</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 9.31</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 8.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 4.98</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 10.23</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 58.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 4.13</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>In just a few hours, we’d gotten almost halfway to my goal of Floor 40 and had gained a large bounty of EXP as well. We’d succeeded brilliantly at evening out our levels more, and on top of that, no one had suffered a single injury. You could call it a flawless Dungeon dive. In fact, today’s excursion was exactly the kind of well-oiled machine I’d always wanted. What was there to complain about? Nothing. And yet...</p>

      <p>“Good work, everyone,” said Maria. “Now then, I’ll be working around the ship again.”</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna rest in my room,” said Dia. “You worked me ragged today, Maria.”</p>

      <p>The two of them slipped into the ship’s interior, leaving Lastiara and me on the deck. Their casual, easygoing stroll gave me the impression that they were brimming with the sense of accomplishment you got after clearing an FPS. Maybe because Lastiara and I had barely used our energy or strength, our bodies wouldn’t stop trembling.</p>

      <p>“I... I, uh... I’m useful for leveling up and healing and stuff, so...” Lastiara began.</p>

      <p>“And... And I’m useful too, for detecting enemies!”</p>

      <p>Without saying something, we’d be admitting that we were useless bums.</p>

      <p>“But Mar-Mar’s able to detect enemies now too!” she replied.</p>

      <p>“If you’re gonna go there... Dia can cast holy magic too!”</p>

      <p>For some reason, we were both sniping at the small niches we’d carved for ourselves. That was just how shaken we felt. If it wasn’t just my vanity talking, I’d been trying to pull everyone along as their leader. Lastiara, for her part, must have thought of herself as something of a subleader. But if things continued like this, the idea of us being leader and subleader would be laughable. The party was now hanging entirely on two who were smaller and younger than me. That state of dependence was something I wanted to avoid. I had no grievances about Maria and Dia being so strong, but still, I couldn’t let the situation stand.</p>

      <p>That naturally led to my next decision. I drew my sword. “O-Okay,” I stammered, “time for some intensive training!” We had plenty of MP and were far from exhausted.</p>

      <p>Lastiara drew her sword as well. “Sounds good! Intensive training! I like the sound of it! You see <em>that</em> all the time in hero tales too!”</p>

      <p>So began the training session of the duo, who were currently so pale in the face.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“I can’t be trying to act all cool by saying magic’s not for me,” said Lastiara, her hands balled into fists as tears streaked down. “The blade’s behind the times. Those hero stories where they’re always fighting with swords were always just fairy tales!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I should’ve known nothing beats magic. Now that I think about it, back in the games people play in my world, spells that hit all of the weakling enemies were the most efficient. Attacking one enemy at a time’s just plain dumb.”</p>

      <p>“Magic’s our ticket! We gotta train to use magic to an extent too!”</p>

      <p>“You said it, Lastiara! Let’s train up a storm!”</p>

      <p>We pressed our palms together and asked about each other’s intentions.</p>

      <p>“So, what kinda training are you planning to do, exactly? I haven’t got anything in mind.”</p>

      <p>“I dunno. I think that for the time being, it’s important we learn new spells in general.”</p>

      <p>That was the only way to get stronger faster. Like with my composite spell <em>Wintermension</em> and Maria and Dia’s resonant spell <em>Flame Aegis</em>, there were times where, as long as you had a solid idea in mind, your basic magic exhibited dozens of times its normal power.</p>

      <p>“But I’ve got no space left to learn new spells, so I think new applications of existing spells will be the main thing for me,” said Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“Or we can learn a resonant spell, you and me.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, nice idea. Wanna give it a whirl?”</p>

      <p>“Then again, guess you can’t use dimensional magic...”</p>

      <p>“The space element of magic’s so obscure that it’s not recorded in my blood. I’ve got lots of ice spells, mind you.”</p>

      <p>“Meanwhile, I’ve only got a couple of ice spells. <em>Freeze</em> and <em>Ice</em>; nothing else.”</p>

      <p>While we were both into the idea of making a resonant spell, we didn’t have much magic that fit together.</p>

      <p>“The magic you can use is real lopsided, huh?” she said.</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t acquire more ice spells, man. It can’t be helped.”</p>

      <p>I’d once swallowed a magic gem for learning <em>Snow Fleck</em> to no effect, leading me to believe that I could only learn new dimensional spells.</p>

      <p>“All righty, how about we try a bunch of stuff, just see what works?”</p>

      <p>“For now, let’s try combining some simple ice spells. We can’t go wrong starting off by imitating what Maria and Dia did.”</p>

      <p>Beginning with <em>Ice</em> and <em>Freeze</em>, we deployed a variety of spells, attempting to blend our magic together through trial and error. Our only success was our imitation of <em>Flame Aegis</em>. Much of the art of magic hinged on one’s mental visualization, after all, and all of my spells were emulations of what I’d seen before.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Ice Arrow.</em>”</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension</em>, <em>Snowmension</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Resonant spell: <em>Ice Aegis.</em>”</p>

      <p>“Resonant spell: <em>Ice Aegis.</em>”</p>

      <p>A mystical ice barrier encompassed the deck, inside of which <em>Snowmension</em> fluttered through the air. The arrow of ice that Lastiara had fired passed through it, guided by the path of snow I’d created. As an imitation of <em>Flame Aegis</em>, it was a success, but it was inadequate in terms of precision and power. We tried striking a moving target as a test but ended up not being able to strike down so much as a single bird in flight.</p>

      <p>“It’s no use,” I lamented. “We’re lacking some fundamental ingredient.”</p>

      <p>“You’re not as good as Mar-Mar at precision control, and my firepower’s not as good as Dia’s. Guess it’s no wonder it’s not going so great.”</p>

      <p>We had a battery of hurdles to tackle. It would be meaningless to simply pour in more magic energy and make the spell bigger; even if we managed to land a hit on a bird, that didn’t mean it would work on Dungeon monsters from Floor 30 onward.</p>

      <p>“Oh well. Let’s try to improve how finely we can control our magic energy before anything else.”</p>

      <p>“And it looks like I should reexamine stuff, starting with how I craft spells. My firepower’s lacking because I can’t focus it like Dia can...”</p>

      <p>We moaned and groaned as we kneaded our magic energy. Attempting the same spell as Maria and Dia cast the gap between us and them into sharp relief. I pondered a way of clearing our hurdles while training my magic. To pass the time, we created a magic snowman, indulged in a snowball fight, and got ourselves all covered in snow, but the whole time, I kept agonizing over the main issue.</p>

      <p>After messing about a whole bunch, we were there, red in the cheeks, our breath visible in the air, when suddenly, Lastiara went, “Ah!” with a sunny expression.</p>

      <p>“Did you think of something?”</p>

      <p>“More like I remembered something. It’s a ruleset for when mages duel each other. We create different sides of the arena, like this...” She used her foot to draw a line in the snow that had come from all our spellcasting practice. “We each take one side and fire spells at each other. If you use anything but magic, you lose, and if you move, you lose.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, sounds fun. Might make for some good training too.” I copied her and drew a line marking my territory. We locked eyes.</p>

      <p>“Now then, guess I’ll start off nice and gentle. <em>Ice Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension</em>.”</p>

      <p>I whipped up a magical winter, which tampered with Lastiara’s spellcrafting, causing her own spell to fizzle.</p>

      <p>“Urgh. I see you still love your countermagic,” she griped.</p>

      <p>“It’s your fault for half-assing your spellcrafting. I mean, given this ruleset, how could I <em>not</em> go for countermagic?”</p>

      <p>“So you’re saying that if I craft the spell properly, countermagic won’t work on it?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, if there are no gaps to exploit, I can’t counter it. You should try crafting with that in mind.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Makes sense.”</p>

      <p>We crafted one spell after the next, giving each other tips and advice all the while. Since our talent at using magic was roughly equal, the battle dragged on longer than anticipated. In terms of MP, I had her beat, but her blood was encoded with a great variety of spells and experience, which she leveraged to fortify her spellcrafting, attempting to get around my countermagic (by any means possible at times). Her sense for combat was truly exceptional; in such a short span of time, she was already reworking her spellcrafting from the ground up. She’d passed the realm of incantationless magic and reached the realm of contracted spellcrafting. She also kept me on my toes by hiding where the magic would manifest, as she switched it up from her hands to her legs.</p>

      <p>She fired magic of multiple elements at me from all directions at once, and if I’d never seen a particular spell before, using <em>Wintermension</em> to disperse it was more difficult than not. Moreover, she was getting more and more used to her magic being countered, and the exploitable gaps in her spellcrafting were decreasing. I had to admit I was at a disadvantage. My usual strengths were little use in a spell-slinging contest where my feet were planted in place, leaving me with no choice but to switch to a strategy that relied on my MP edge.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Midgard Freeze!</em>”</p>

      <p>“I was waiting for that! <em>Ice Battering Ram!</em>”</p>

      <p>Seizing on the moment in which I abandoned my countermagic, Lastiara opted for a big move herself, her giant ice hammer smashing my great ice serpent to pieces and chasing me away from my zone. She had won our duel.</p>

      <p>I brushed the ice off my clothes as I approached her. “You got me. Gotta say, mage duels are pretty fun! I like how based in logic they are.”</p>

      <p>She did the “V for victory” sign, but her expression, by contrast, was serious. “That made for some good practice. If I let the smallest gap through, the spell was countered, so it was easy to tell where I went wrong. And now I realize just how crude and sloppy my spellcrafting’s been up ’til now.”</p>

      <p>“I learned a lot too. I got in plenty of countermagic practice, and I witnessed a bunch of magic for the first time.”</p>

      <p>Whether I’d countered a specific spell before made a big difference. I’d almost certainly be countering the magic of scads of enemies in the times to come, so I figured it might serve me to practice beforehand with Lastiara’s help.</p>

      <p>We both felt a measure of <em>refreshed</em> now that we’d run out of MP.</p>

      <p>“Phew... Come to think of it, this is the first time I’ve ever made an effort to become stronger.”</p>

      <p>“Same goes for me,” I replied. “I’ve had my dimensional magic from the start. And thanks to leveling up, I’ve never had to train before.”</p>

      <p>“Meanwhile, I’ve had sword skills, martial arts, and magic on lock from the beginning. You can’t blame me if I never got the urge to work very hard.”</p>

      <p>We smiled at each other as we wiped the slight sweat from our brows.</p>

      <p>“Novel sensation, huh?” I hadn’t felt this emotion since before entering this world.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, working up a sweat feels nice! It’s the springtime of our lives! It’s a regular adventure tale!”</p>

      <p>To see the fruits of our labor, I checked the skills portion of each of our menus.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【SKILLS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Swordplay 4.89, Ice Magic 2.58+1.10</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Martial Arts 1.56, Dimensional Magic 5.25+0.10, Responsiveness 3.56, Thought Streams 1.47, Knitting 1.07, Swindling 1.34, Magical Combat 0.72</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【SKILLS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Weapon Combat 2.20, Swordplay 2.12, Pseudo-Divine Eyes 1.00, Magical Combat 2.27, Bloodknack 5.00, Holy Magic 1.03</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Book Reading 0.52, Doll Body 1.00, Concentration 0.21</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>We’d each picked up one new skill, though the numbers attached to them were low. We’d essentially only dipped our feet in the pond, but it was still concrete progress, so I was grinning. Lastiara had to be able to see our newly acquired skills too; she was smiling like a girl who’d just been gifted some pretty new clothes. My heart started racing—but I immediately tamped down my emotions, calming myself down so as not to provoke ???. I gave her a high five instead, the same “we’re friends” thing I’d always done.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Kanami. Is there any other intensive training we oughta be doing?” She must not have ever attained anything by working for it before. She edged up to me all excited.</p>

      <p><em>Could you not? It’s making it harder to keep my emotions in check. </em>“Hmm, let’s see...”</p>

      <p>I pondered the matter using Thought Streams and took Lorwen out of my inventory.</p>

      <p>“A sword? Oh, I get it. You’re gonna teach me Lorwen Arrace’s moves?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I think it’ll help you be an immediate threat, and knowing you, you should be able to learn.”</p>

      <p>I wouldn’t be able to teach her everything. I couldn’t even say that I understood all of Lorwen’s sword techniques myself. However, as someone who inherited his sword style, I was sure I could teach her a thing or two. Lorwen, for his part, would have wanted his knowledge of the blade to spread, and Lastiara had a keen interest in it as well. The potential benefits of teaching her didn’t stop there either. The sword possessed a wealth of special abilities, and one of them allowed the wielder to recall Lorwen’s swordsmanship. If I made good use of that, I might be able to understand the nitty-gritty of blade theory that Lorwen had been unable to convey. I could be killing three birds with one stone this way.</p>

      <p>“Maybe if I get Fenrir Arrace to be my coach, I’ll learn faster.” She closed her eyes and scraped the bottom of her MP tank. “Bloodspell: <em>Fenrir Arrace.</em>”</p>

      <p>Her hair changed color a little, and all of a sudden, her sword stance lost its weak spots. If what she was saying was true, I was bearing witness to Fenrir Arrace, former Blademaster and current head of the Arrace Clan, at the peak of his powers.</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s do some light swordplay. Watch and be in the moment. Try to remember.”</p>

      <p>When Lorwen taught me, it had been almost entirely by way of combat, so I wanted to try emulating his teaching style.</p>

      <p>“Okay, got it. Let’s do it!”</p>

      <p>Holding our respective swords at the ready, we began to swing at each other, stopping just before we could land a hit. I might have lost our mage duel, but when it came to a sword fight, I had the advantage. While my physical strength was inferior, my skill far exceeded hers. Besides, in a battle fought without the assistance of magic, I would always have the edge thanks to Responsiveness (and the more Responsiveness was put into operation, the bigger the advantage). After we had crossed swords for some time, I took a point off her, leaving her panting for breath.</p>

      <p>“Wait... Wait up... I’m supposed to learn by <em>watching?</em>”</p>

      <p>“That would certainly make it easier for me...”</p>

      <p>“That’s absurd!”</p>

      <p>“All right, I’ll try going a bit slower for ya.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that even with the support of her blood magic, it wouldn’t go so easily for her. I tried slowing down the pace of the lesson, but the look on her face wasn’t getting any cheerier.</p>

      <p>“Besides, Lorwen’s sword style is weird to begin with!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? It is?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Normally, swordsmanship centers around the notion that you’re fighting someone roughly the size of a person. But Lorwen’s swordsmanship is predicated on the assumption that you’re fighting a monster around the size of this ship!”</p>

      <p>“I mean, isn’t that to be expected? Otherwise, what’ll you do when a giant monster pops up?”</p>

      <p>“No, because once a monster-size enemy comes along, you’d <em>normally</em> give up on fighting it with a sword altogether. Yet this style is adamant about fighting everything with a single sword. That’s why I’m telling you it ain’t normal,” she insisted.</p>

      <p>“Oh, gotcha. I guess he tried to pull something off against <em>everything</em> using just a sword since he couldn’t use magic...”</p>

      <p>“In order to grasp this absurd fighting style and overcome this absurd training, I’ll have to push myself a bit more...” She strengthened her blood spell to the limit. Her hair radiated light in many colors before settling on silver. It seemed she’d called on the experience of another to an even greater extent. “Come at me slow, okay?! Go slow!”</p>

      <p>“I get it, I get it...”</p>

      <p>Once again, we clashed. Lastiara’s movements were sharper than before, and I could tell that she was mimicking Lorwen’s techniques, devoting every ounce of her attention to absorb whatever she could. As blade met blade, it wasn’t just the steel that shone, but also Lastiara’s eyes.</p>

      <p>Our special training continued until sunset when a delicious aroma wafted from the ship’s interior. Just as Snow and Reaper returned from the stern, carrying their fishing gear, Lastiara and I simultaneously collapsed from exhaustion.</p>

      <p>“Hff, hff, hff...” I gasped.</p>

      <p>“Boy am I beat! This sweat feels great, though!”</p>

      <p>While I was wheezing, the smell of blood on my breath, Lastiara smiled delightedly. Maybe she was experiencing a sort of runner’s high.</p>

      <p>Seeing us bathed in our own sweat, Snow spoke up. “That was quite the workout. Training while the weather’s this nice out? Talk about strange tastes. I mean, both you and Lady Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara got back to her feet. “It’s fun, you know. Wanna join us?”</p>

      <p>“N-No, I’ll respectfully decline. I don’t much like tiring myself out. See you later!” Snow fled from the deck, taking Reaper with her.</p>

      <p>Lastiara was puzzled. “Huh. She didn’t bite. That’s weird. It’s so fun.”</p>

      <p>I tried to move my utterly exhausted body. “You’re just about the only one who’d call this fun.”</p>

      <p>“Oh c’mon. Sure, you get a little tired, but isn’t seeing yourself get stronger a ton of fun? It’s like, I dunno... The process of getting stronger is such a rush.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t get me wrong, I’m a fan too, but that kinda thing depends on the person,” I answered. “That said, there sure are loads of benefits you can get from sword training. It’s just like you told me—upon reflection, the Lorwen Arrace school of the blade has its weird points.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s make it a habit to train regularly.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, sounds good. Let’s work together to hone each other’s swordsmanship skills.”</p>

      <p>The sword style I had inherited from Lorwen was important to me; I had no intention of keeping it on a pedestal to collect dust. He would have wanted me to raise the art to greater and greater heights. Given how much he cared about his friends, I could be sure he’d want me to use it to make myself even stronger. But how could I accomplish that? Exactly how <em>should</em> I wield Lorwen, Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan? I had to make things more pragmatic by getting it to work in concert with my dimensional magic.</p>

      <p>With thoughts of developing a new sword style in my head, I returned inside. After we all ate Maria’s homemade dinner, day two of the sea voyage to the mainland came to a close.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The day after my intensive training alongside Lastiara, I was out by myself on the deck starting early in the morning; sleeping for short durations had become a habit for me. Our training had been worthwhile, there was no doubt about that. When it came to drawing out the power of Lorwen, Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan, on the other hand, I wasn’t satisfied. It was true that my instructing Lastiara wouldn’t have gone as smoothly without the sword’s help, but I reckoned that wasn’t where its <em>true</em> value lay. Compared to the dramatic change Palinchron and Maria had undergone when they had taken in the magic gems of Guardians, this wasn’t cutting it.</p>

      <p>I jumped off the deck toward the sea. “Spellcast: <em>Freeze.”</em></p>

      <p>I deployed my ice magic at my feet the moment I made contact. Then I started running, freezing the water’s surface as I went. I soon spotted a small island right by me. Reaching the shore of the island, I took a large quantity of bags from my inventory. I collected sand and stones and other such things from my surroundings and tossed them into the bags, filling them one after the other. After acquiring more than ten kilos of sand, I returned to the ship, satisfaction written on my face; I’d gotten what I needed.</p>

      <p>Then one of my crewmates spotted me. “What the? What’re <em>you</em> up to, mister?”</p>

      <p>It was Reaper. She’d been heading for the stern, once again carrying fishing gear. Snow was with her as well, so maybe they were planning to treat themselves to some early morning fishing. <em>Good god, these two... They’re </em>really<em> intent on enjoying another day in paradise, huh?</em></p>

      <p>“I popped out to pick up some sand.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Why sand?”</p>

      <p>“To practice drawing out the power of Lorwen’s sword. I haven’t used this guy to its fullest extent yet, see.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, sounds fun. Hey, Snow, let’s watch and see what happens!” she said, pulling at the hem of the older girl’s clothes to stop her.</p>

      <p>“Lorwen’s sword... If that’s the case, I might be a little curious.” Snow put down her fishing things and stuck around to watch.</p>

      <p>“No getting in the way, got it?” I spread out the sand on the deck and brandished Lorwen with both hands before closing my eyes and focusing all of my attention on the sword.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, all that flowed into my mind was sword techniques. Never before had my head been so thoroughly bombarded by them. I couldn’t help but smile at the sheer one-sided extremeness of my good friend’s inner nature, but still, I inwardly asked the sword for something apart from that. I clad the sword in some of my body’s magic energy and concentrated my thoughts on magic of an all-new element. I’d already constructed the visual in my mind. The mental image of the basic earth-element spell, <em>Earth</em>, used for commanding soil and the ground itself.</p>

      <p>“Earthspell: <em>Earth,” </em>I muttered, unhurriedly tracing lines in the sand with Lorwen.</p>

      <p>The sand started creeping up the blade like iron fillings sticking to a magnet. The sand sprang up like it was alive, going up the blade like a fish fighting a current. This was certainly neither dimensional nor ice magic. It was earth magic—an element I shouldn’t have been able to use.</p>

      <p>“Urgh!”</p>

      <p>But the amount of magic energy this was draining from me was staggering. The sensation that I was making use of something that I by all rights didn’t have access to was making my body scream, and I was sure I knew the biggest reason: the sword itself wasn’t happy that it was being used for training in something other than sword techniques.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Lorwen, please. Lend me your power...”</p>

      <p>I did as my intuition dictated and activated Responsiveness. A new wave of power that grasped the underlying, essential laws of nature was added to the wave of earth-element magic. The bangs of my hair swayed, lifted by the ripples of the two power surges mixing together. I experienced the false sensation of my consciousness being sucked into the sword. I thought I heard a voice from inside the sword too: <em>“I’m no good at it either.”</em></p>

      <p>I saw a vision of a young man with chestnut hair. He was pouting a little. Then I got the feeling I heard a sigh.</p>

      <p>“I suppose if I <em>must.</em>”</p>

      <p>With those words, the world around me shifted. The grains of sand on the deck of the <em>Living Legend</em> began dancing in the air, with me standing in the center of the sand mist. My magic energy turned over, and the name of the spell came naturally to my lips.</p>

      <p>“Quartzspell: <em>Quartz.</em>”</p>

      <p>The dimension-spell magic energy that flowed out from within me was, through Lorwen, being converted into the crystal-manipulating magic energy of the Thief of Earth’s Essence. That energy encroached on the sand particles flying through the air. I’d obtained a small fragment of the power to “essence-thieve,” the power to throw the fabric of reality itself out of kilter. The sand was now turning into crystal. No, not <em>just</em> crystal. What was once mere stone was turning into gemstone, and what was once mere sand was turning into gold dust. After witnessing the spell changing all of that into every conceivable form of mineral, I dispelled the magic, upon which the former sand that was floating in the air fell back onto the deck. A river of glittering jewels was born.</p>

      <p>“Whoa! What the?!” said Reaper, taking the transformed sand and stones in her hands. “They’re so shiny now! Are these all gemstones?!”</p>

      <p>Snow was even more excited than her. “Ordinary sand turning into jewels?! Could this be alchemy? Wow! Just as I’d expect from you and Lorwen Arrace! With this power, we’re unbeatable! We’ll never want for money! We can lead lives of unchecked debauchery until the end of our days!”</p>

      <p>I glared at the girl who was so close to jumping for joy. “Hey, hold your horses.”</p>

      <p>“I... I totally didn’t say anything.” She averted her eyes as she picked up more of the jewels.</p>

      <p>The pair began playing with the glittering “sand” on the deck like two kids on the beach. I did understand what Snow was getting at, so I picked one up myself to examine it. The sand and stones I’d brought in weren’t changing back. Although the value of jewels in this world was comparatively low, it wasn’t nothing, so this ability could go in the “overpowered” column. If I devoted all my time to alchemy, I could easily cause the market to collapse. Depending on the minerals I transmuted, it could even affect a country’s overall cost of living. It hinged on how I used it—I could very well use it strategically as another means of attack.</p>

      <p>The ship’s finances had reached geopolitical levels, but at the same time, my unease was growing. Look at how much power could be unleashed when the magic gem of a Guardian and that gem’s user were the slightest bit in alignment. It seemed safe to assume that Maria and Palinchron were capable of much the same, which meant they both individually possessed the power to tilt the world’s economy. I trembled at the thought of the unfathomable potential of both the ally whose help I was enlisting and the foe I would be fighting before long.</p>

      <p>“Mister, what exactly are you gonna do with this much crystal and gold?” asked Reaper, having tired of playing with the “sand.”</p>

      <p>“Good question. We couldn’t possibly handle all of it between the seven of us, could we? I’m thinking I’ll go ask for some advice. Wanna come with?”</p>

      <p>It was way too much for us to use. We could take it to a money changer’s store, but we simply didn’t need to spend this much.</p>

      <p>“Er, wait...does that mean you’re going to the Alliance?”</p>

      <p>“Yep.”</p>

      <p>I’d created a direct route to Alliance territory by means of my transportation spell, <em>Connection</em>. I could return any time I liked in no time flat.</p>

      <p>Snow averted her gaze. “The Walker Clan’s too close for my liking back there.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t blame her. She was finally relishing a taste of freedom; she wouldn’t gladly go back to her estate of her own volition.</p>

      <p>Reaper warmly patted Snow on the head as she took up the fishing gear. “We’re gonna go fishing. Our little competition’s not over yet!”</p>

      <p>She was going to stay out of consideration for Snow. I knew she most likely did want to check out the goings-on in the Alliance, so that was sweet of her.</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Cool, I’ll be back in a jiffy.”</p>

      <p>I got as much of the various minerals scattered about the deck back into my inventory as I could, then incanted, “Spellcast: <em>Connection</em>.”</p>

      <p>A light purple doorway was born, redefining the concept of distance. This portal’s counterpart lay not in the Dungeon, but in the headquarters of Epic Seeker.</p>

      <p><em>A Guardian’s magic gem may be overpowered, but I’m no slouch with the things I can do.</em></p>

      <p>I passed through the gate, beyond which I stepped into a corner of my old room. I planned to maintain the portal placed in the Epic Seeker office on a semipermanent basis. When I last left the office, it was a fairly barren room containing no more than the bare minimum of furnishings, but boy had the room changed after vacating it for a short spell. Stacks of papers were piled up everywhere; there was nowhere on the floor I could stand. It was a veritable mountain range of documents.</p>

      <p>I sensed somebody’s presence. “Good morning. Or should I say, I’m back?”</p>

      <p>The woman who was slumped over my former desk lifted her head. “Wait, huh? Is that you, Master? It’s only been a few days since you left, you know?”</p>

      <p>It was Tayly Linkar, one of Epic Seeker’s mages. It looked as though she had taken charge of the paperwork after I left. She looked a tad dumbfounded. Apparently, she was thinking I had some nerve, poking my nose back in so suddenly after exiting the way I had. I didn’t remember saying I’d never come back, so I continued without paying her amazement any mind.</p>

      <p>“I’m not guildmaster anymore, so please don’t call me that.”</p>

      <p>“What’re you on about, dummy? As Epic Seeker guildmaster, you’ll never lose the title. It’ll be forever yours, kiddo. I hope you know that.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? But, like, why?”</p>

      <p>“It’s easier for us to get by if people think you’re the leader working in the shadows. We’re taking the liberty of banking on your name, deary.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind, but...isn’t banking on my name gonna work <em>against</em> the guild? They view me as a kidnapper, don’t they?”</p>

      <p>“Well, you’re not wrong, but you know that even criminals can be popular, don’t you? You may be a wanted man, but in Laoravia, you’re basically a superstar now. The people of Laoravia must think you had your reasons. Like, ‘I’m sure of it; our hero of Laoravia must have whisked those princesses away because they were suffering in confinement.’ That sort of thing. Not that it’s not the truth. And we here at Epic Seeker intend to actively spread those rumors far and wide.”</p>

      <p>“Uh...damn...”</p>

      <p>I had no idea how to respond to the notion that I was a superstar. It could only have a negative impact on my Dungeon diving going forward.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean, ‘uh, damn’? Did you really think that after everything you did, it’d be no big deal? You’re seen as ‘the strongest’ and ‘the hero’ now. Oh, and add ‘the Blademaster’ and ‘Guardian Slayer’ on top. You’re the object of admiration of adventurers all over. Your legend will persist for a century <em>at</em> <em>least</em>. There you were, participating in the Brawl all by yourself despite being a guildmaster, and then, following a battle straight from the pages of a myth, you overpowered one of the Guardians, greatest enemy of the Alliance, head-on. After which, I might add, you proceeded to cajole the living god of the main religion of the Alliance and its Apostle too, plus the young heiress of one of the four high noble clans, not to mention all the lady spectators your airheaded demeanor won over, <em>not to mention</em> the <em>guys</em> you cajoled—the former strongest, the former Blademaster, and the heir of a high noble clan. And then that ‘Airheaded Hero’ fled from the Brawl in splendid fashion. That’s how they’ll pass the story down, anyway. Isn’t that just lovely, Master? By the way, they’ve started putting on a play depicting your feats over on the theater-ship <em>Valhuura</em>, so more and more people are coming to learn of your legend.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, for real? You’re kidding me... It’s exaggeration, misunderstandings, and bias all the way through! This is messed up!”</p>

      <p>“If you ask me, there’s no exaggeration or misunderstanding or bias at play here, but oh well. In any case, I’m sure traveling bards will go around singing about your battles in the Brawl soon enough. They’ll be the legendary tales of the new hero born of the Alliance, Aikawa Kanami! Hee hee hee!”</p>

      <p>“Okay. Okay, cool. Maybe it’s time I change my name.”</p>

      <p>At that moment, I found myself thinking that I wouldn’t mind changing my name back to “Sieg” after telling everybody what was going on. While I was busy racking my brain for a way to escape all this glory, Ms. Tayly changed the subject.</p>

      <p>“So, what’d you come here to do, anyway? Did you change your mind about marrying Snow? Oh, you know what? If you two have kids, could you let me name one?”</p>

      <p>“Nope, not gonna marry her, not gonna have kids with her. I came because I’ve got a favor to ask.”</p>

      <p>“Oho, <em>you’ve </em>got a favor to ask? Consider me curious.”</p>

      <p>I took some of the transmuted minerals from my inventory and spread them out on the table at the center of the office.</p>

      <p>“It looks like I can mass-produce whatever minerals I want using the power of Lorwen’s magic gem. Do you know a good way to convert them into money? If possible, I’d like to get a big organization to convert them into money for us through Epic Seeker as a stand-in. That’d be a huge help.”</p>

      <p>At the sight of the treasure trove before her eyes, Ms. Tayly put a hand to her mouth. “Well, I’ll be. This is way too big and important to consult with just me. But you’re in luck; someone who’s important enough to handle this sort of thing happens to be in the next room.”</p>

      <p>“Someone who’s important enough?”</p>

      <p>She drew in a breath and shouted, “Mr. Glenn! Could you please come over here a second?! And Vohlzark, you might as well come too!”</p>

      <p>Glenn, as in Glenn Walker. I wasn’t expecting him—once the strongest Dungeon diver—to be here at Epic Seeker. The door to the office opened moments later; he really had been in the next room. In walked Mr. Glenn, rubbing his sleepy eyes. Mr. Vohlzark tagged along behind him.</p>

      <p>“Could you give me some peace, Tay-Tay? I just got up a sec...ond...ago...”</p>

      <p>The moment his gaze fell on me, his heavy-lidded eyes reeled open, blazing with a fiery passion. He practically flew over to me to grab my hand.</p>

      <p>“Kanami, is that you?!” he stammered. “What’re you doing here?!”</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Mr. Glenn. I swung by because I have a favor to ask.”</p>

      <p>“Kanami, drop the stranger formalities! In fact, you can call me ‘brother,’ because, you know, we’ll be brothers-in-law? When will your wedding with Ms. Snow take place, I wonder. Heh heh, heh heh heh heh!”</p>

      <p>“Hang on, what is this place, a Snow fan club?!”</p>

      <p>Amazing how everybody was coming right out of the gate marrying me off to Snow. In response, Ms. Tayly nodded like it was perfectly natural.</p>

      <p><em>Could you not?</em></p>

      <p>“That’s right. That’s exactly right. And the president of the Epic Seeker Snow Fan Club is <em>you</em>, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“I wish it wasn’t so... By the way, is pulling out—”</p>

      <p>“You can’t.”</p>

      <p>“Even though I’m president...”</p>

      <p>It was such a powerless figurehead position that I could cry. <em>Once again I’m reminded that the members of Epic Seeker are all a little funny in the head.</em></p>

      <p>I decided to pretend that I didn’t hear any of that before asking Mr. Glenn a question. “Never mind that; what’re you doing here, Mr. Glenn?”</p>

      <p>“For the most part, I’m the one dealing with the aftermath of the problems Ms. Snow caused. Now that I’ve lost the title of ‘the strongest,’ I’ve got a bit more time on my hands, you see. For the moment, I plan on indebting myself to you as the member of Epic Seeker at the foot of the table.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, gotcha. Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>“I should be thanking you.”</p>

      <p>I’d heard he was a member of the guild in the past. He’d probably started watching over Snow as her “brother” during their Epic Seeker era.</p>

      <p>“So, what business are you here to do, hm? You came because something came up, right?”</p>

      <p>“It’s about these minerals here. I’d like to make some money off them.”</p>

      <p>I gestured toward the table. Mr. Glenn looked, and his smile was gone. “This the power of Mr. Lorwen’s magic gem?”</p>

      <p>“You put that together quickly.”</p>

      <p>“I’m on the perceptive side. But yeah, little wonder the big shots on the mainland would go into a frenzy over it. Any individual who lays claim to such power could easily shift the fates of nations.”</p>

      <p>He took a gemstone in his hand and gave his opinion as a hero who had fought in the upper echelons of the Alliance.</p>

      <p>“On second thought,” he continued as he stared fixedly at the jewel, “maybe they had different designs. Could it be they sought to use the magic gem for... Nah, couldn’t be.” Remembering the topic at hand, he turned to look at me again. “Ah, right, how to turn these gems into money. No worries. I’ve got contacts. We’ll take on the task through Epic Seeker. We couldn’t ever turn down a request from the president of the Snow Fan Club and her future husband.”</p>

      <p>“Could I reframe it as a private guild commission?”</p>

      <p>I was afraid that this ill-defined “position” of mine would otherwise be set in stone, so I tried making the request not as a guildmaster but an individual diver.</p>

      <p>“In that case, we’ll have to charge ya. And I’m thinking I know just the price to set too: a baby between you and Ms. Snow. By the way, if I get the right to name your kid, I’ll do whatever you like.”</p>

      <p>Judging by the look in the battle-tested hero’s eyes, he was serious. So serious, in fact, that he came across as unhinged.</p>

      <p>“I... I’ll make the request as guildmaster, then.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, consider it done.”</p>

      <p>With a strange sense of defeat, I accepted the position of honorary president. Then, I took out all the minerals from my inventory and tallied them up. Though we divided the labor between us, the work of counting still took time. Along the way, we naturally engaged in small talk, though the vast majority of it was about Snow.</p>

      <p>“So, any new developments with our Ms. Snow?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” said Ms. Tayly, “that’s the number one thing I want to know.”</p>

      <p>If you asked me, they had more pressing things to wonder about, yet the two inquired about goings-on with Snow with the most earnest looks on their faces.</p>

      <p>“Not really. She’s being real lazy all the time. Always off fishing. Or basking in the sun. Never anything else. To be honest, I’d love to send her back to Epic Seeker.” If possible, I wanted them to come with me to the ship to give her an earful.</p>

      <p>“That’s great,” he replied. “She must be having fun.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” she said. “I can see her in my mind’s eye, smiling, carefree... I’m so happy for her.”</p>

      <p>All I got back was words of celebration. Why? Their beatific expressions had me straight-up vexed.</p>

      <p>“Um, guys, could you please play ball with me here?”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee hee, look, we get it. She’s just too cute; the way she looks when she’s basking in the sun, right? If you ever push her down and hold her because she’s too cute to resist, you have my permission as her brother.”</p>

      <p>“In fact,” said Ms. Tayly, “we encourage it. There’s no obstacle between you two, so don’t be shy. First, you two stuck together through thick and thin, then you dueled her villainous fiancé, then you confessed your love during the Brawl, then you eloped abroad. You went through all the beats of the drama, Kanami, so we can feel good leaving our Snow in your hands.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, you mean the hardships she put me through, the heavy burden forced on my shoulders as her “fiancé,” the wiretapping she perpetrated during the Brawl, and her attempts at preventing me from getting my memories back? Because </em>that <em>I remember.</em> <em>All the beats of a drama, they call it. These two, I swear.</em></p>

      <p>“Now, now, Tay-Tay, the drama’s not over just yet. Now that Ms. Snow’s been freed of the yoke of her suffering, an all-new story’s going to play out for her under Kanami.”</p>

      <p>I had to hand it to the former Epic Seeker member for being able to keep up with Ms. Tayly’s fevered imagination with such ease. It was beyond me.</p>

      <p>“You’re right. The real drama starts now! How nice it would be if someone could write up reports on what’s going on and send them here every day. Hey, deary, I don’t suppose writing skills are a specialty of anyone around you?”</p>

      <p>“N-No, ma’am...”</p>

      <p>Knowing Lastiara, she’d probably be delighted to do it, but I chose not to divulge that because I just knew she’d fabricate stuff.</p>

      <p>The pair continued their beyond-my-comprehension discussion, a stiff expression on my face, until a third party cut in like manna from heaven.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Master,” said Mr. Vohlzark after heaving a sigh. He had the same expression on his face as me. “Glenn’s sister ain’t exactly raring to tell you herself, so let me be the one. When all’s said and done, she’s actually fairly good at reckoning with numbers and sorting documents, things like that. Or maybe it’s less that she’s good at it and more that she’s used to it. Either way, I’m sure she ain’t working for her keep, so give her odd jobs like that to do.”</p>

      <p>“Huh, I had no idea.”</p>

      <p>At long last, someone was playing conversational catch with me. The other two hadn’t been throwing the ball back to me; they’d been playing air hockey or something instead, aiming for my vitals from frightening angles. It had taken all my effort to keep the bullet-speed puck called marriage from getting past my goal line.</p>

      <p>“Look at all the fawning she’s been surrounded by,” he said, exasperated. “She’s lived her life getting spoiled rotten. For her sake, give her some honest work.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, sir, I will.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Vohlzark was the one acting like the real big brother here.</p>

      <p>“Vohlzark!” said Mr. Glenn, aghast. “What’re you saying, buddy?! Ms. Snow’s finally broken free of the Walker Clan’s ball and chain! How could you burden her with any more obligations?!”</p>

      <p>“What he said! What if, by doing your <em>odd jobs</em>, she roughs up her beautiful hands?! We can’t have that for Kanami’s future bride!”</p>

      <p>It had taken me leaving Epic Seeker to come to the realization that Snow wasn’t solely to blame for her personality. The fine folks in her ambit shouldered a good bit of the blame.</p>

      <p>“If you let her slack off any more than she already has, it won’t do her any good. Besides, you know how stupid tough her skin is. She won’t be roughing up her hands anytime soon. I’m counting on you, Master.” He wasn’t the type to wear his heart on his sleeve, but Mr. Vohlzark was clearly quite concerned about Snow’s well-being. I could sense the distinct Epic Seeker-style kindness of the people of this guild.</p>

      <p>It was then that we finished our tally.</p>

      <p>“All right,” said Mr. Glenn, “I’m done counting. I’ll convert all this to money; you can count on it. It’s for my future brother-in-law, after all!”</p>

      <p>Having realized that nothing I said would make an impact, all I could do was force a smile. “Mr. Glenn, I figure it can’t hurt to ask... Would you be interested in coming with me on my journey?” I invited the man who had once boasted the title of the strongest. Putting his personality aside, I had no criticism of his prowess. And best of all, he was a guy. I wanted to alleviate the gender gap, however marginally.</p>

      <p>“That’s not gonna happen. Your whole party’s a Palinchron victims association, isn’t it? I don’t think I’m very qualified.”</p>

      <p>I could see how someone would think that. Now that he mentioned it, we kind of were a Palinchron victims association. You could even say we owed the bastard for our strong bonds of solidarity.</p>

      <p>“Are you like Mr. Rayle in that you can’t bring yourself to hate him?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Oh no, I do hate the guy. I’d reckon you’re not gonna find many who’d be fond of <em>him.</em>”</p>

      <p>Mr. Glenn flatly disavowed Palinchron as a human. But then, in the same breath, he said, “Only, we did use to be allies. I do have a debt of gratitude to him in that sense. It’s only decent to honor that.”</p>

      <p>He looked nostalgic. For all Palinchron’s faults, Mr. Glenn couldn’t repudiate him on that count, at least. I’d seen that sentiment coming to an extent. If, on the Day of the Blessed Birth, Palinchron had never stabbed us in the back and had instead tackled the Dungeon alongside me...and if I’d eaten meals and fought foes with him for many months or years, I might have said what Mr. Glenn just did. There was something about Palinchron that made a guy think that way. He was truly a bum-ass snake in the grass, but you had to admit he had charisma. Case in point, back when I had amnesia, I’d been fond of the son of a bitch. I really had. I couldn’t deny that...</p>

      <p>“I see,” I replied. It was a peculiar feeling that seized me. My expression turned sullen.</p>

      <p>“But... But wait, hold on! It’s not like I like Palinchron over you! I’ll always be the biggest fan of you and Ms. Snow! Don’t get the wrong idea, please! Y-You’re not pissed at me, right? Tell me you’re not!”</p>

      <p>He was just like his sister, the way he flew into suck-up mode. Even though they were totally unrelated by blood, they were two peas in a pod.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, it’s okay. I’m not pissed at you. It’s just, thinking about Palinchron got me all stirred up, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>“Phew!”</p>

      <p>“Now then, I’ll be taking my leave. Thank you for taking care of the jewels.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, Kanami,” said Ms. Tayly, keeping me from leaving. “I won’t hold you if you don’t have time, but could you help me do these documents? It’s all paperwork you generated when you won the Brawl and scampered off, so...”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“It’d be easy with your abilities, right?! Please!”</p>

      <p>I broke into a sweat surveying the tall peaks of paperwork, but I could hardly turn tail and flee. Not after I’d just asked them a favor, and not least because my actions had caused this headache for them. Running for the hills would be way too cruel.</p>

      <p>“Okay. It’s my fault for abandoning my guildmaster responsibilities out of nowhere, so it’s only right.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, bud! That’s Snow’s handsome groom for ya!”</p>

      <p>“I’m no one’s groom, but okay...”</p>

      <p>Mr. Glenn was right by me too, and he was pleased as punch. More so than the speeding up of the paperwork, he seemed happy to simply spend more time with me, Snow’s potential future husband. Having to work in such an environment was anxiety-inducing. I pictured him waxing on and on about Snow, just like a second ago.</p>

      <p>I felt a hand on my shoulder. Mr. Vohlzark was there, an apologetic look on his face. <em>Good. At least one of them knows how I feel in these trying times.</em> That could very well have been all I needed to soothe my soul.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe I could get Mr. Vohlzark to join my ship—mainly to fill the role of Aikawa Kanami anxiety reliever.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>A few hours later, the contract for the jewels-to-money conversion was decided, and now free from the paperwork, I was walking through Epic Seeker HQ. I figured that while I was there, I might as well make the most of it.</p>

      <p>My current goal was to become stronger, because the stronger I became, the more threats I could handle, making Dungeon diving easier. It also would serve me well for the coming battle against Palinchron. In order to become even stronger, I thought about it in terms of video game stats. The plan I settled on? Collecting weapons and armor. It was what you might call equipment optimization, and it was a tried-and-true recipe for success. If this were a video game, it wouldn’t be the least bit surprising to run smack into a wall I wouldn’t be able to clear without a good loadout.</p>

      <p>Up until now, I’d been behind in the equipment department because I’d lacked the money and time, not to mention connections. In addition, since my fighting style emphasized avoiding hits altogether, I’d rather wear nothing at all than something shoddy. But now, thanks to Lorwen, I had a steady revenue stream. Moreover, I had plenty of time to burn on the voyage and lots of allies who could use a set of equipment. Now was the time to tackle that.</p>

      <p>I walked toward the Epic Seeker atelier with a pep in my step. Now that my mind was more at ease than before, I could feel my love of RPGs beginning to poke through. I was going to enjoy the process of gathering equipment. Enthusiastically, I hit the threshold of the workshop and opened the door. The interior was more than a little cluttered, same as always. In the background, a long-haired man was holding a hammer and pounding away. Noticing my presence, he welcomed me without seeming all that surprised.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Ha ha, if it ain’t my master. Came back quick, ya did,” said the smith of Epic Seeker, Mr. Alibers.</p>

      <p>“I figure I’ll swing by to check up on everybody once in a while. As always, it’s a pleasure to be working with you.”</p>

      <p>Maybe it was because of his peculiar sensibilities as an artisan who took pride in his work, but apparently, showing up this abruptly did little to startle him.</p>

      <p>“I came here today because I’d like a new set of equipment,” I said as I looked at the armor on display around the studio. “I need some for my crew too, so I think you’ll have quite the number of things to make for me.”</p>

      <p>“I see. So you’re giving serious thought to procuring weapons and armor, are ya? Glad to hear it, Master. It was always running through my mind how I could whip up something more impressive for ya whenever I saw ya fighting with that loadout.”</p>

      <p>“Er, actually, this is how I Dungeon dive too. Was I being stupid?”</p>

      <p>“At the very least, it ain’t the sorta getup the leader of an organization oughta be wearing. Those shoes and that mantle, especially. They’re all battered and worn out. You oughta discard ’em lickety-split and switch ’em out for new ones.”</p>

      <p>“It’d be a shame to throw them out. Also, I’m kind of attached to them.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that side o’ ya is one o’ your good points too. But you’re here because that ain’t cutting it no more, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I Dungeon dived some more, and I’m feeling a bit out of my depth now. That’s why I thought I’d focus on the nuts and bolts first: our equipment.”</p>

      <p>“Very well. If ya need something right away, I don’t mind if ya take the stuff on display. There ain’t no equipment that wouldn’t be happy getting used by you. I <em>will</em> be charging ya, though.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, sir.”</p>

      <p>As Mr. Alibers resumed his hammer-pounding work, I walked around, checking his completed gear, using Analyze on all the equipment in the storehouse in the back as well, but nothing really caught my eye. Or perhaps I should say, there weren’t many that fit sizewise to begin with. It wasn’t so bad for me, but there were practically no child-size ones that Dia, Maria, or Reaper could equip.</p>

      <p>“Now that I think about it, half of my crew are child-size...”</p>

      <p>“That reminds me, the girls cheering ya on during the Brawl were all little kids.”</p>

      <p>While my objective today had been to get stronger myself, I had the presence of mind to understand that my priority should be outfitting the party’s rear guard, Dia and Maria.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Mr. Alibers, but could I order some child-size stuff through you?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind. If I know their sizes, I can make as many as ya like. Are you gonna provide me with the materials?”</p>

      <p>Incidentally, I found myself knowing all the girls’ measurements thanks to <em>Dimension</em>. I hadn’t meant to snoop on them like that, but I was always eventually going to absorb that information by osmosis at some point. I was sure that Ms. Sera, for one, would overreact if she ever knew, so I intended to keep absolutely mum about it with her.</p>

      <p>“Here you go. Magic gems from all-new floors. I’d like you to use these, if possible.”</p>

      <p>“Well, well...again ya bring me some real scarce magic gems. You sure you’re okay with <em>me</em> handling these?”</p>

      <p>“You’re the only blacksmith I know...”</p>

      <p>“You do realize that one o’ these days, you’ll bring me magic gems so precious and rare that my skills won’t be high enough to work the ingredients to their fullest potential, don’t ya? I think o’ myself as pretty damn good at my job, but I’m still just the blacksmith of a single guild. If ya ask me, you oughta be talking to a famous smith someplace bigger and more happening.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, but I’m basically a fugitive all over the Alliance. It’d be a real pain if I stood out too much and got spotted by the Walker Clan or some such.”</p>

      <p>“Hrm. So your hands are tied, huh? Guess ya can’t go even though ya wanna.”</p>

      <p>As I ruminated on that remark and perused my stats menu worriedly, a capital idea came to me. I recalled how I’d obtained a new skill, Magical Combat, after training against the combat expert Lastiara. All I had to do was repeat that. I didn’t <em>need</em> to visit other smiths. What I should do instead was compete with smithing experts in order to gain the Smithing skill myself.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Alibers, is there anything I can help you with?”</p>

      <p>“You wanna help? But you’re a novice, ain’t ya? I can leave any simple manual labor stuff to ya, but...” he said, grimacing.</p>

      <p>It seemed I’d jumped the gun a bit. I could most likely pick up new skills through Thought Streams, but it wasn’t like Mr. Alibers knew that. First, I had to prove to him that I met some baseline of smithing competence.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Layered Dimension.</em>”</p>

      <p>Burning through a large amount of magic energy, I enveloped the nation of Laoravia with my perception field. Since I’d protected Laoravia as the guildmaster of Epic Seeker in the past, the whole country was like my stomping grounds. I knew the locations of all the workshops in Laoravia and where all the best blacksmiths worked.</p>

      <p><em>Sorry to intrude</em>, I said inwardly before tracking the movements of all the people working at the smithies. I grasped and memorized all the movements they made, just like when I followed the trajectory of an opponent’s sword style with my eyes. Compared to when I mimicked Lorwen’s swordsmanship, these smiths’ movements were much slower, so I figured it would be easier to mimic them. At the same time, I walked inside the workshop and fetched what I’d had my sights on.</p>

      <p>“These are guidebooks, right? May I read them?”</p>

      <p>“S-Sure... Go right ahead.”</p>

      <p>As a former mage himself, he noticed the abnormal amount of magic energy I was emitting. Shaken though he was, he trusted me, so he didn’t press me for an explanation. I took out all of the books pertaining to smithing and piled them up in a corner of the studio. Then I flipped through two of them at high speed, one in each hand. After overcoming my third battle against a Guardian, my level and stats had increased, and my brain’s processing speed had reached a whole new realm. I was reading multiple tomes at a time, as though there were more than one of me. And of course, even while I was cramming my head with smithing knowledge, I was also peeking in on the smiths of Laoravia as they plied their craft.</p>

      <p>My body was generating intense heat from processing such a huge amount of information. I was surprised by how laborious it was to make one sword. I hadn’t even known the difference between casting and forging before, so everything was new to me. The deluge of terms I’d never heard before was downright dizzying. Imitating the distinctive motions of a blacksmith was different from imitating sword techniques. And to think I’d gone into this so casually... It was taking a ton out of me; there was no cutting corners, learning this trade. And since I had both <em>Dimension </em>and Thought Streams running at full capacity, my MP and stamina were draining at an alarming rate. But thanks to my efforts, my understanding was deepening, little by little. The fundamentals of the calling. The basic theory. The proper way to use atelier tools and apparatuses. How to handle the furnace. Hammer pounding form. The trick to nurturing the fire. All of the processes, all of the techniques...<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Swordplay 4.89, Ice Magic 2.58+1.10</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Martial Arts 1.56, Dimensional Magic 5.25+0.10, Responsiveness 3.56, Thought Streams 1.47, Knitting 1.07, Swindling 1.34, Magical Combat 0.72, Smithing 0.69</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>A few hours later, I was wobbling on my feet. But there it was, in my menu: Smithing.</p>

      <p>I smiled. “I know this sounds insane, but please, Mr. Alibers, let me give you a hand.”</p>

      <p>“After seeing you give off the same amount o’ magic energy as during your finals match in the Brawl, I can’t exactly say no to a request like that. Then again, these are my master’s orders, so I was never gonna say no to begin with.”</p>

      <p>He seemed intrigued. I wasted no time walking through the workshop with a stride like I’d been using the tools I picked up for years and years, and soon I was helping Mr. Alibers with his work. Needless to say, I made mistakes at first. Seeing and doing were completely different, after all. You could even say they were worlds apart. Yet the amount of experience I’d gained was on another level too. Using <em>Dimension</em>, I could adjust errors of less than a millimeter on a second-by-second basis. I sensed Mr. Alibers’s gaze and the way he flexed his muscles as he worked next to me, predicting what he wanted. Mobilizing all the knowledge I’d acquired, I ordered my body to move in the most efficient way. At the same time, I memorized the temperature of the forge and the timing of steel striking steel. I felt the heat on my skin, pounded the steel with my own hand. Copying the skilled blacksmiths of Laoravia, I moved exactly the same way they did, and...</p>

      <p>After assisting him for about an hour, he completed the first stage of his work and we took a break.</p>

      <p>“I see. I’m getting the hang of it. Smithing can get pretty deep, huh?” I muttered candidly.</p>

      <p>He was practically trembling in fear. “The master o’ my guild reached mid-level smithing skill...in less than an hour.”</p>

      <p>“Uh...I’ve got confidence in my dexterity, see.” My usual excuse.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s beyond dexterous, believe you me. No, this is something else. Something more terrifying...though I guess it can’t be helped when it’s you, Master. I remember Tayly over there saying something awful similar. Heh heh, heh heh heh. That’s my master for ya. You’re the guild’s great hero!”</p>

      <p>Shocked though he was, he laughed with blushing cheeks. These people’s hero fixation really was disconcerting. Despite the fact that I’d stolen all the skills he’d built up till now, he was staring at me with a sparkle in his eyes. The look he gave me screamed, “<em>Our guildmaster’s the hero, so this shouldn’t surprise anybody!”</em></p>

      <p>Reassured that I hadn’t ended up wounding his pride as a smith, I brazenly asked for yet another favor.</p>

      <p>“Before long, I’m gonna want to try making something nice and simple myself.”</p>

      <p>“You got it. Frightening as it is,” he said, the joy on his face still there, “I’m sure ya can forge it without no trouble. No need to hold back; as far as I’m concerned, you can make something right here, right now.”</p>

      <p>“Am I wrong to think that the easiest thing to make with an immediate impact on battle is a small magic item?”</p>

      <p>“Magic items take quite some work too. Inscribing the magic formulas eats lotsa time...for normal people, but maybe it’s easier for you?”</p>

      <p>“Detail work is my forte.” My best stats were DEX and AGI, and it certainly didn’t hurt that this sort of thing had been a strong suit of mine since before I’d even come to this world.</p>

      <p>“Well, magic items are my area of expertise, so it’s maybe the easiest thing for me to teach ya...” He trailed off. “All right, let’s try our hands, huh? What shape do ya want? If it’s, say, a ring or some kinda accessory, anything’s fair game. A necklace, a hairpiece, you name it.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s start with stuff that’s quick and easy to make. What’s the easiest thing?”</p>

      <p>“Hmmm. A ring’s as small as it gets, so I reckon it’s fast work. When stuff’s that small, it’s challenging because of all the minute details, but that should be no sweat for you.”</p>

      <p><em>A ring, you say?</em> I was reminded of the late Mr. Hine. Plus, his brother Liner also liked using rings.</p>

      <p>“A ring sounds handy. Please let me make one.”</p>

      <p>“Sure. Let’s see how you do. Are ya gonna pack it with your ice magic?”</p>

      <p>“No. This time around, I’m thinking of packing it with a different spell. As of recently, I can use a new element.”</p>

      <p>Thus, my first foray into creating a magic item began. Step number one was making the magic gem that would be its core.</p>

      <p>“So, Master, ya know anything about magic formulas?”</p>

      <p>Magic formulas. Glyphic reproductions of the mechanisms of magic that people used. Passing magic energy through one such formula catalyzed the smooth activation of a spell. But of course, the story didn’t end with merely passing one’s magic energy through one. The user’s level of understanding and their compatibility with the magic formula were also important. The magic gems inscribed with magic formulas that Maria had once swallowed to learn <em>Firefly</em> and <em>Impulse</em> were top-quality examples.</p>

      <p>Magic and magic formulas were different fields, so being good at casting spells didn’t necessarily mean you were good at magic formulas, just like being good at exercise didn’t necessarily mean you were knowledgeable about the science of fitness or physical education. Luckily for me, I had the soul of a researcher by nature.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I know a thing or two.”</p>

      <p>When it came to understanding magic, no mage was superior to the dimensional mage. For example, one of the spells I had devised, <em>Wintermension</em>, was something I’d conceived from scratch. I fully comprehended the magic formulas that composed the construction of that spell. It did take time and effort to convert them into glyphs, but thanks to <em>Dimension</em>, I had a dictionary in my head. Given enough time, I could convert that knowledge into magic formulas and inscribe them onto the magic gem. I directed <em>Dimension</em> to switch from smithing knowledge to summoning my knowledge of magic formulas.</p>

      <p>“Looks like you’re ready to go, Master. Now then, let’s get ready to carve the formulas into the magic gem.”</p>

      <p>Smithing implements and magic gems were spread out on the work desk. The essentials were similar to the smithing process. I whittled one magic gem and melted another, pouring it into the first. The task required tremendous concentration. Just thinking about doing it without the help of <em>Dimension</em> gave me goose bumps. No wonder the street prices of the magic gems inscribed with magic formulas were so high. To think that every one of the magic gems lining store shelves was the product of an artisan expending so much time and energy. Even deviations of less than a millimeter were unacceptable, and not once did I pause. Sweating bullets, I managed to claw my way through carving the formulas by working <em>Dimension</em> raw.</p>

      <p>“I expected no less, Master. It’s looking good. I’ll give ya the ring. It’s got a formula for a trigger that can be pulled via magic energy that’s already incorporated, so that’s that.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, sir.”</p>

      <p>I’d opted to inscribe the formula for earth-element quartz magic. As I manipulated the minerals using my <em>Quartz</em> spell, not letting a single error slip through the cracks thanks to <em>Dimension</em>, I combined the magic gem and the ring.</p>

      <p>Behold, the finished product I’d poured so much blood, sweat and tears into:<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>[<em>QUARTZSHIELD</em> RING] A ring containing the power of <em>Quartzshield</em>.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“It’s... It’s finished!”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha! Magnificent, Master! Never would’ve thought you’d be making one of the top-tier magic items in all the nation in a matter of hours! I’m amazed! As a blacksmith, all I can do is laugh!”</p>

      <p>“No, Mr. Alibers, it’s all thanks to your help.”</p>

      <p>“Above all, it <em>looks</em> so beautiful! Not only did you capture the image of a crystal in all its purity, but the decorative touches are so ornate too!”</p>

      <p>“I’d have hated to see the sad look on your face if I made it anything less than opulent.”</p>

      <p>In truth, I hadn’t wanted to make the ornamentation so excessive, but because he’d been staring at me from the side, I’d ended up burning more time on it. I had no head for artistic design, so all I did was try to mimic my memory of my parents’ engagement rings. It seemed it was a hit with Mr. Alibers, though.</p>

      <p>“How should I put it... It’s like it’s pure and innocent, but it draws eyes to it all the same. It’s the stuff of legends. A ring only the hero could create...”</p>

      <p>“I’m happy you like it.”</p>

      <p>Just then, a voice came from behind. “You’re taking forever!”</p>

      <p>It was Reaper. She must have come through the <em>Connection</em> gateway. Now that she mentioned it, I <em>had</em> spent the whole day here so far. Maybe she’d come out of concern for me.</p>

      <p>“We can’t eat lunch unless you come back, mister! So come back already, would you?!” She had her hands on her belly. It seemed what she was concerned about was lining her stomach.</p>

      <p>Mr. Alibers and I looked at each other and nodded.</p>

      <p>“That’s a wrap for today,” I said. “Thank you again for your help.”</p>

      <p>“Ya never got to make anything besides a single ring. If there’s anything else ya want, do drop by. You can take whatever weapons and armor ya see in the studio too. The stuff ya ordered, I’ll make by the next time ya pop in.”</p>

      <p>I received the completed ring and took anything that seemed useful, though of course, not without paying him for it. After thanking him one last time, I left the workshop and hurried to the office to cross the portal and get back to the ship</p>

      <p>On the way, Reaper saw the ring I’d made and cocked her head quizzically. “What’s that, mister?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I just created a magic item.” I put the <em>Quartzshield</em> ring in the palm of my hand to show it to her.</p>

      <p>“Oh wow! So this is one of those magic item doodads?! Ring’s so sparkly!”</p>

      <p>“You can touch it; I don’t mind. Have a good look.” It felt oddly nice, having my smithery praised like that. It was the joy a full-fledged <em>creator</em> felt.</p>

      <p>“Can I wear it, mister? Can I?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. In fact, it’s yours now. I was planning to give it to someone from the start.”</p>

      <p>“Yay! I’m gonna wear it, then! Wait, huh? It’s not slipping on... Oh, it fits perfectly on this finger!”</p>

      <p>The ring wasn’t a particular size. Mr. Alibers had provided me with one that was on the small side out of consideration for my smaller companions, but I hadn’t given him specific measurements. As a result, the finger that it fit just so happened to be...Reaper’s left ring finger.</p>

      <p>“Hrm?”</p>

      <p>As far as I knew, it wasn’t a custom in <em>this</em> world. It had to be a coincidence. The only one who’d be bothered by it was me, since I knew of the custom, so I decided not to get on her case about it.</p>

      <p>“Whaddya think, mister? Does it look good on me?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, yeah, uh-huh...it looks great on you, Reaper.”</p>

      <p>She gazed contentedly at the crystal ring on her finger. Even though I knew it wasn’t a custom here, I still felt a weird sense of embarrassment. I didn’t want to rain on her parade, though, so I could hardly tell her to switch it to another finger.</p>

      <p>I made to pass through the portal in my office, but Responsiveness rang out a familiar warning klaxon. The alarm bells sounded so wild and loud, screaming, that at this rate, I might legitimately die. I froze up.</p>

      <p>“Whoa! Wh-What’s wrong, mister?”</p>

      <p>After I stopped in my tracks, Reaper nearly bumped into me. Looking back, I found what had tripped the danger sensors of Responsiveness. It was the ring on her finger. I’d realized in the nick of time that returning with it still on her finger was asking for trouble. All that smithing must have demanded so much of my concentration that it had cooked my brain. How could I have missed something so obvious?</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Reaper, but could you please put the ring away?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Sure, I don’t mind, but...”</p>

      <p>“Try not to flaunt it or show it off, okay? There’s only one of them, so...”</p>

      <p>“Got it!”</p>

      <p>Reaper nodded and put the ring into the pocket inside her hood. Responsiveness subsequently stopped sounding the alarm.</p>

      <p>“Phew...” I’d been <em>this</em> close to needlessly creating another hassle for myself.</p>

      <p>I took deep breaths to relax the tension in my body. Then, with the same wariness as when entering the floor of a Guardian, I passed through the portal onto the <em>Living Legend,</em> crossing through space itself.</p>

      <p>The swaying of the ship, the salty sea breeze. I was back on the deck. A large table was there, a wide variety of dishes atop it. My crew was seated around it. I could tell from the way they were chatting without satisfying their hunger that they’d all been waiting for my return.</p>

      <p>“Ah! Welcome back, Mr. Kanami,” said Maria, far from angry at my tardiness. “Please sit there. Let’s partake.”</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Lastiara was just one of the girls who expressed her dissatisfaction.</p>

      <p>“Sorry I’m late,” I said as I took my seat.</p>

      <p>With that, we all started digging in. It was an extravagant lunch with fresh fish as the main constituent, featuring everything from sashimi to grilled fish. These were probably Snow and Reaper’s catches of the day. There was nothing so civilized as soy sauce around, so they used the juice of a fruit not unlike a yuzu to season the morsels of fish. But this was a cuisine I’d never seen before. Cuisine from a different world. How was it meant to be eaten? There was something wrapped in pie pastry, but I didn’t know how to eat it, so I continued to watch and see. Sure, they were my trusted crewmates, but I didn’t want them to think of me as rude or impolite.</p>

      <p>“Er, Mr. Kanami?” said Maria. “Is the food not to your liking?”</p>

      <p>“No. I don’t really have dislikes, foodwise. It’s just that this is my first time seeing this dish, so I thought I’d wait to see how everybody else ate it...”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see. You don’t have to worry about that. Here, I’ll cut it into pieces for you.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks. I appreciate it.”</p>

      <p>Maria cut a slice of the pie-pastry-wrapped food and put it onto a small plate. Her dedication was noble; it was like a newlywed peeling their spouse an apple or something. You know who’d recently declared she wanted to be my wife? Snow. She should really take after Maria’s example, that dragonewt—or should I say, that dragoNEET. But she was contentedly stuffing her face with Maria’s cooking, not lifting a finger to help her.</p>

      <p>Seeing Maria making a portion for me, Reaper suddenly leaned over.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Maria! Make me a portion too!”</p>

      <p>Reaper tried handing the small plate in her hand to the girl across from her. Needless to say, she leaned <em>all</em> the way forward.</p>

      <p>Responsiveness klaxons rang in my head.</p>

      <p>You may be wondering why. The thing was, Reaper’s clothes were very loose. It was a black cloak created using her magic energy. She seemed quite attached to her mantle, and she wore it of her own volition. This choice of attire left her, shall we say, defenseless in places, but the darkness magic that had accumulated inside her clothes made it so that you couldn’t see what you oughtn’t, which was reassuring (although to be honest, Lorwen and I had never stopped being against the idea regardless).</p>

      <p>As a result of her cloak being so big and her leaning so far forward, the ring that she’d stuffed into her inner pocket as an afterthought was threatening to fall out, as <em>Dimension </em>detected. My perception field became strung so tensely you might think I was facing a Guardian.</p>

      <p>My battle-tempered body acted swiftly, spurred not by conscious thought but reflex. I leaned forward in the same way Reaper had and reached for the ring inside her clothing.</p>

      <p>“Reaper!”</p>

      <p>“Huh, wha, huh?!”</p>

      <p>I activated <em>Dimension: Calculash</em> without incanting. The magic energy in my body suddenly became agitated, sending electric shocks through my brain. The electric current coursing through my body roused every cell; I was now hyperware, the outside world moving in slow motion. Slowly, I saw my right arm inch for the ring. I managed to grab it before it could spill out, successfully pushing it back into its pocket.</p>

      <p>“Did it!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what?!” said Reaper, startled. “You did what?!”</p>

      <p>Via Thought Streams, I assessed the situation and came up with the most suitable excuse.</p>

      <p>“Ah, uh, your clothes were about to touch the food.”</p>

      <p>“Th-Thanks, big brother,” she said, blushing.</p>

      <p>Just as I was about to reply that she needn’t thank me, the repulsed Maria cut in. “Mr. Kanami, how long are you going to keep your hand there? Reaper’s naked under her clothes, so keep your hand there longer and, well...”</p>

      <p>It took a second or two for those words to sink in. My body froze, and once again, Responsiveness struck pots and pans together for my immediate attention. Just when I was feeling relieved, the roar of the five-alarm fire reverberated in my brain, and I trembled in shock. I couldn’t continue to remain frozen in <em>this </em>pose, though. If I didn’t remove my hand from Reaper’s clothes soon, they’d think me some kind of sexual deviant. Despite the warnings from Responsiveness, however, I wasn’t sure I ought to move without thinking it through. Still, it was certainly unwise to keep my hand on a girl’s soft skin for all to see. Taking my hand off her had to come first. Otherwise, the nightmare that had dogged my steps would come to fruition. The ship in flames, sinking beneath the waves. All of my skills had concluded that was the level of the danger sweeping this table.</p>

      <p>In a panic, I whipped my hand away from her, inadvertently dropping the contents of her pocket in the process. The crystal ring with the same elaborate design as an engagement ring clattered onto the table, shining heartlessly in the sunlight. All of the pains I’d taken up until now were rendered futile.</p>

      <p>“Hm? What’s that, Reaper?” asked the keen-eyed Snow, who was sitting next to her.</p>

      <p>“What, this? Big brother gave it to me a minute ago.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, you got it from Kanami? A ring?”</p>

      <p>I instantly pushed Thought Streams to its utmost limit. The gears in my head were turning so rapidly that it was a computer at this point. They were definitely breaking speed records.</p>

      <p>“It’s a <em>ring!</em>” shouted Lastiara gleefully.</p>

      <p>“A ring?!” said Dia and Maria.</p>

      <p>Everyone was staring at the ring. I could tell that not just Responsiveness, Thought Streams, and <em>Dimension</em>, but everything else inside me had now been marshaled. I was so frantic, I could probably weave a spell surpassing even <em>Wintermension: Niflheim</em> at the moment<em>.</em> But I didn’t let my inner turmoil show on my face.</p>

      <p>“Oh, right, about that,” I said smoothly. “I forged it with Mr. Alibers, who graciously taught me how to make one. It’s actually a weapon. A weapon for Dungeon diving. So you see, it’s not a ring at all. It’s nothing if not a weapon. I put a spell from Lorwen into it, so I gave it to Reaper. You know how close they were. Oh, and you know what? Next, I’m gonna make clothes, and I’ll gift those clothes to the rest of you. No ulterior motives or hidden intentions to see here, I swear.”</p>

      <p>It took my abilities working at full capacity, but I’d stated all that without faltering.</p>

      <p>“So... So that’s it. Mr. Alibers from Epic Seeker...” said Maria, cowed by how clearly I was clinging for dear life.</p>

      <p>The rest swallowed it too. <em>Whew, we’re okay.</em> It appeared that through my swift save, I’d averted the worst-case scenario.</p>

      <p>“Uh, actually...I think I’d rather have a ring than clothes, maybe? You know, the kind of ring that could be used as proof of an agreement! It’s settled! I’ll take a ring too!” Snow cried.</p>

      <p><em>Sorry, Snow, did you just say something? I couldn’t hear you.</em></p>

      <p>I prayed they’d let me pretend this had never happened. I kept a wry smile plastered onto my face and tried to smooth everything over. Yet I could see that everybody was still shooting the ring glances. Boy, had I let my guard down. While the left ring finger thing was a custom that existed only in my world, that didn’t change the fact that the ring itself was used for weddings in <em>both</em> worlds. It was only natural for people to overreact after learning I’d given one to a girl. I should’ve made it into a bracelet or something. I’d let my guard down in the smallest way, and now I’d cornered myself into having to give everybody new clothes.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t help but heave a dejected sigh. I’d probably have to string together excuses every time I gave one of them some equipment, just like I had today. In my eyes, this was merely a means of boosting the party’s strength, but they’d view it as <em>a gift from a boy</em>. Just thinking about the times to come made my stomach cramp. Bumbling into these types of situations and narrowly avoiding terrible consequences by way of my skills was really busting my balls, and there wasn’t a damn thing I could do but endure as ulcers conquered my gastric wall bit by bit. A death by a thousand cuts.</p>

      <p>Forced to ask everyone in the party what they wanted, I promised to give it to them as a gift at some point. What I really wanted to hand out was simple yet functional equipment, but it would probably take a long time before that could come to pass. Halfway through the meal, I stopped registering the delicious taste of Maria’s cooking, and before I knew it, one of my few joys in this life—lunchtime—had passed me by.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>After lunch, we set about our preparations for Dungeon diving. While I was looking over the equipment in my inventory that Mr. Alibers gave me, Lastiara, who was leaning back against a wall of the ship, called out to me.</p>

      <p>“Heh. Our dive’s starting soon, I take it?”</p>

      <p>She was clearly brimming with confidence, but I knew that she’d been waiting there the whole time (without helping with the dishes, I might add), so it was a bit late to be spouting cool-guy lines. I could only see her as a little kid who couldn’t wait for the field trip to start. As per usual, she had a screw loose in her head...but that said, I understood how she felt.</p>

      <p>“Well, aren’t you confident in yourself, Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>“The new and improved Lastiara’s about to dazzle you. Today I’m gonna show you just what blood magic’s capable of!”</p>

      <p>She smirked as she generated red mist at her feet. While I had to admit it looked kind of cool, it was nothing more than a waste of MP. However, intensive training buddies that we were, I could only respond in kind. I took out Lorwen and scattered crystal particles into the air. The glimmering reminded me of a stipple drawing.</p>

      <p>“Same here. Today I’ll show you the power of my friendship with Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>I affected a smirk. Needless to say, this was also a frivolous use of MP. We both laughed evilly.</p>

      <p>“Mwa ha ha!”</p>

      <p>“Mwa ha ha!”</p>

      <p>It was certainly true that I was looking forward to showing off my power-up.</p>

      <p>It was while we were there, creepily laughing for so long, that someone cut in.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami, Ms. Lastiara...what on earth are you two doing?” asked Maria.</p>

      <p>She was above the ship’s steering house and was beginning the work of drying the laundry. Apparently, she’d moved on to the next chore immediately after tidying up the table after lunch. Talk about someone who could get a lot done quickly. It was a huge gulf between her and a certain NEET, who will remain unnamed, who was delusional enough to insinuate that she was wife material.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean? We’re getting ready for the Dungeon! C’mon, Mar-Mar, let’s go! I’ll show you what a dependable big sister type I can be!” said Lastiara excitedly, beckoning her to come down.</p>

      <p>I beckoned her down too. “Let’s go, Maria. You can expect more out of me than last time.”</p>

      <p>But she gave us a vexed look. “Er, I’m sorry, but I’m not coming today. And neither is Dia.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on, what?! How come? How come, Mar-Mar?!” Lastiara was less than pleased that she could no longer show off the fruits of her training.</p>

      <p>“Just look at all of the laundry that’s piled up.”</p>

      <p>“Put that silliness on Snow to do! Or whoever!” I shouted. I was feeling the same as Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“If Ms. Snow was amenable, I <em>would’ve</em> made her do it,” Maria replied with a frown. In other words, she’d asked Snow, only to be told no.</p>

      <p>“That little... Spellcast: <em>Dimension!</em>”</p>

      <p>I searched for her and found her alone in her room. She quivered and shook her head out of nowhere.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh...” she said into the air.</p>

      <p>She must have heard me say “Spellcast: <em>Dimension</em>” using her own <em>Vibration</em> spell. Which meant she was <em>actively</em> trying to escape any sort of responsibility.</p>

      <p><em>Hold on, never mind that! There’s no sign whatsoever she’s ever gonna stop casually listening in on people!</em></p>

      <p>“Enough! Come here, Snow!” I said, knowing she could hear me.</p>

      <p>She got pale in the face and ran off.</p>

      <p>“Ah! Don’t you run!”</p>

      <p>She was heading for Dia, who was asleep. It was clear as day; she was once again planning to cozy up to someone so as to escape hardship.</p>

      <p>“All right, Maria,” I said with a smile. “I’m gonna go grab that dumbass a sec, so wait here.”</p>

      <p>“That’s quite all right. You don’t need to go that far. I’ve already asked Reaper and Ms. Sera to go to the Dungeon instead of us, so...”</p>

      <p>Reaper and Sera, who were at the edge of the deck, came over to us.</p>

      <p>“I’ll come!” said Reaper. “’Cuz I feel like it!”</p>

      <p>“Lady Dia and Maria asked me to accompany you, so I shall participate,” said the knight in the maid uniform. For some reason, Ms. Sera was giving Reaper a ride on her shoulders, and she seemed to be in good spirits. The party must have deepened their camaraderie little by little unbeknownst to me.</p>

      <p>I could tell that Ms. Sera had, on the whole, built favorable relationships with everyone (apart from me), and I welcomed that. If <em>I’d</em> requested her presence, she probably wouldn’t have obliged me. It was good that she was friendly with the others.</p>

      <p>“So, today, it’s me, Lastiara, Reaper, and Ms. Sera?”</p>

      <p>“So it would seem.” Maria kept airing out the laundry at her usual rapid pace. It was impressive how her hands didn’t stop for a second even as she chatted with us.</p>

      <p>“Great, that leaves us with nothing but frontline fighters...”</p>

      <p>I always had RPG party composition on the brain, so the lack of balance made me sick to my stomach.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Kanami!” said Lastiara. “We trained so hard to improve our magic; shouldn’t <em>we</em> hold up the rear today?!”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah... Maybe that’s okay some days too...”</p>

      <p>I had to stop thinking about it in purely negative terms. Following Lastiara’s example of positivity, I opted to view the day’s dive as taking on a challenge to employ a new battle strategy. The experience might just come in handy when I least expected it.</p>

      <p>Regardless, I <em>would</em> be taking Snow to task later. First, as Mr. Vohlzark had asked me to, I’d make her run up the ledger of income and expenditures. To be honest, there was no real need, since I never forgot numbers, but I’d have her do it anyway.</p>

      <p>Having learned via her eavesdropping that I had my party for the day, she was strolling through the interior with a satisfied look as she wiped the sweat from her brow. She seemed absolutely delighted about getting to enjoy another day of unfettered freedom.</p>

      <p><em>One of these days, I’ll be taking you to the Dungeon if I have to drag you there, Snow, mark my words.</em></p>

      <p>Then I headed for the Dungeon for the second time on our voyage.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>