<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_2"><div class="main">
      <p>The girl of white and I made eye contact. She looked surprised to see me.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” she muttered. “C-Could it be? The boy? And the girl too...”</p>

      <p>Her voice was gentle. Taken aback though she was, she sounded soft and mellow. I could tell from her manner of speech that she’d had a good upbringing. Her voice, too, gave me that same sense of déjà vu that I just couldn’t shake. What on earth was causing it?</p>

      <p>I couldn’t help but ask, “Uh, sorry, but have we met somewhere before?”</p>

      <p>“Somewhere? That’s...” she stammered, flustered by the sudden question.</p>

      <p>When I saw her reaction, I realized how foolish it had been of me. That was not what one said after bumping into somebody in the depths of the Dungeon. It made it sound like I was hitting on her or something. Why had <em>that</em> been the first question out of my mouth when there were more pressing things to ask? The unidentified impetus surging up from deep within me left me bewildered. Not knowing what to say, we stared at each other for a moment before blood suddenly started dripping from her nose and mouth.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Her knees buckled. She placed both hands on the ground. “Hff, hff, hff...”</p>

      <p>Clearly, something was wrong. I called the name of the ally who could use healing magic. “L-Lastiara!”</p>

      <p>“I’ve got this!”</p>

      <p>Despite the sheer sketchiness of the situation, Lastiara approached without hesitation and cast her healing magic on the girl. I appreciated her decisive personality in times like these where every second counted. Yet the girl’s symptoms only worsened. She was coughing and wheezing intensely, and she collapsed after vomiting copious amounts of blood. I blanched at the sight of it.</p>

      <p>“Gimme some space here, Kanami. Blestspell: <em>Full Cure.</em>”</p>

      <p>Lastiara’s magic spread through the girl, who looked like she might die any second now, and a warm white light filled the corridor. Gradually, as the light grew brighter and brighter, the girl’s expression turned more peaceful. The bleeding from her mouth and nose stopped, and her panting gave way to normal breathing. But the look on Lastiara’s face remained grim.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, is she gonna be all right?”</p>

      <p>“I think she’ll be okay for now,” she said, sweating. “I’m pretty used to healing people in <em>her</em> condition.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t understand what she meant by that. She must have seen the little question mark above my head, because she muttered, “Kanami, take a good look at her skills. She’s a jewelculus like me.”</p>

      <p>I did as directed and used Analyze to read the girl’s menu.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Wyss Hylipröpe</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 289/352</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 172/512-200</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 31</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 15.46</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 15.77</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 15.72</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 16.93</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 16.77</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 29.72</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 3.25</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Dimensional Magic 1.79, Ice Magic 1.03, Wind Magic 1.77, Holy Magic 1.24, Bloodknack 1.01, Swordplay 2.52, Optimal Moves 1.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Doll Body 0.49</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Oh shit!</em></p>

      <p>Her name was Wyss Hylipröpe. What struck me first was how she was a higher level than anybody else in the party. The second was how she had Lastiara’s Doll Body skill.</p>

      <p>“Those symptoms were most likely the same problem jewelculi have all the time,” explained Lastiara. “It happened to me too in the past, so I’m used to healing this.”</p>

      <p>“Then can we rest easy for the time being?”</p>

      <p>“Well, I dunno about ‘resting easy,’ but...”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t often she said anything less than definitively like that. Going by what I saw on the stranger’s menu, I’d figured she was no longer in critical condition. Sure, she could maybe have magic energy deficiency due to all the blood loss, just like Dia had once suffered, but at least she wasn’t about to die, right?</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, give it to me straight.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think she’s got long to live either way,” she replied. “Her insides are so crazy beat up that ‘she’s always had a weak constitution’ doesn’t cut it as an explanation. I’d say she’s got half a year left at best. Jewelculi live short lives at the best of times, so why’s her situation gotta be this harsh? I don’t <em>see</em> any defects in her. It’s almost like...” A solemn look on her face, Lastiara kept staring at the girl.</p>

      <p>Something else was bothering me about her. “Hold on a sec. You’re one of those jewelculus people too, right?”</p>

      <p>That meant that the girl who was now asleep wasn’t the only person with a short life to live. The cruel math equation was evident. Jewelculi didn’t live long. Lastiara was a jewelculus. My voice was quavering, but she shook her head no.</p>

      <p>“I’m a masterpiece, so I’ll be all right... Yeah, <em>I’ll</em> be okay.”</p>

      <p>“And... And you’re not lying?”</p>

      <p>I’d become too distrustful to take her at her word right away. I wanted to know if she was just being brave.</p>

      <p>“Unlike everybody else, I don’t lie when it comes to these things. I make honesty my motto!”</p>

      <p>She smiled nonchalantly. She seemed cool and composed enough to dispel my suspicions, so I decided to trust my comrade’s words.</p>

      <p>“All right, I won’t ask again. So, about <em>her</em>...”</p>

      <p>To put it bluntly, the girl now sleeping in Lastiara’s arms was just too suspicious. Given the déjà vu I’d been experiencing, plus the info provided by her menu, a possible explanation was coming into view. Could she be some kind of trap?</p>

      <p>“Hey, mister,” said Reaper. “If we don’t hurry, she’s gonna catch a cold, ya know? Let’s pop back a second.”</p>

      <p>She was inviting the girl onto our ship without a shred of suspicion. Ms. Sera, who was standing beside Reaper, expressed her agreement. In our party’s eyes, the option to abandon her to the Dungeon because she was a rival diver didn’t exist.</p>

      <p>“You’re right... We were about to hit the ship again anyway. Let’s bring her with us and nurse her back to health. Plus, there’s lots I’d like to ask her.” I took a blanket out of my inventory and put it over her.</p>

      <p>Lastiara got on her feet with the girl still in her arms. “That would be best,” she said. “Quick, Kanami, the gate.”</p>

      <p>“Right. Spellcast: <em>Connection.</em>”</p>

      <p>I completed the construction of the magic portal that I’d left unfinished and together we returned to our base of operations, the <em>Living Legend.</em></p>

      <p>Thus concluded our second dive. To be honest, unlike the first time, this one had been no great success. Being in a sizable party had made us careless, and I’d allowed ??? to activate on me. While we’d been able to reach Floor 35, I had plenty to reflect on. As for our spoils, we’d gained some EXP, some Dungeon items—and one girl of pure white.</p>

      <p>We brought the enigma named Wyss back to the ship with us.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The sleeping girl was carried to the bed in Lastiara’s room, after which yet more healing magic was carefully applied. Thanks to Lastiara’s treatment, which easily exceeded the abilities of ordinary doctors, the girl made a complete recovery, continuing to doze with a peaceful look on her face. We’d taken all the measures we could, so Lastiara and I left her behind and exited onto the deck of the ship.</p>

      <p>Reaper approached me worriedly. “Big brother, is that girl gonna be okay?”</p>

      <p>“Lastiara managed to save the day. She’s sleeping peacefully right now.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Glad she’s okay...”</p>

      <p>For some reason, Reaper was dripping wet. The mantle she was wearing was drenched, and she smelled like the sea.</p>

      <p>“So, Reaper, what exactly were you up to while Lastiara and I were nursing her?”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean? I just went for a dip.” Her expression screamed, <em>Isn’t that obvious?</em></p>

      <p>She headed for the railing at the edge of the deck, atop which a lightly dressed Maria was sitting.</p>

      <p>“It seems we’re learning how to swim, Mr. Kanami,” said Maria.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I see.”</p>

      <p>I leaned over the railing and looked down; Ms. Sera was in the sea, swimming in a doggie paddle. It was a bit comical, watching her doggie paddle in her human form. Reaper jumped in and clung to her back. The knight looked low-key happy to have her, and together they swam. In the small span of time I’d taken my eyes off her, Reaper had gotten the hang of moving in the water, albeit not too gracefully. Talk about a quick study.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Mr. Kanami, I heard that you brought a girl home from the Dungeon,” said Maria coldly.</p>

      <p>I understood the significance behind her tone through Responsiveness and the like. “It was a state of emergency... No, but really. Honest!”</p>

      <p>She heaved a slightly exasperated sigh, as if to say, <em>What’s the point of getting worked up over </em>the usual?</p>

      <p>“I’m not angry, so please don’t give me that look. I’ll ask you for more details after that girl wakes up. More importantly, is it true that there’s an ocean inside the Dungeon?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s true. Floor 35 is totally underwater. It doesn’t look like anyone who can’t swim can make it through.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s not good...”</p>

      <p>“I’m guessing you can’t swim either?”</p>

      <p>“Nope. In Fania, where I’m from, there weren’t many rivers or lakes, let alone the sea...” She hung her head apologetically, and a drop of water fell from her hair. She must have tried her hand at swimming with Reaper, though it seemed she hadn’t taken to it quite as easily.</p>

      <p>“Then it makes sense you can’t swim. Nobody’s born knowing how, so don’t worry about it. I’m sure if we all practice together over time, it’ll even be fun, so let’s take it nice and easy.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. Please be a gentle teacher, Mr. Kanami.” She smiled placidly. In her head, my teaching her was a done deal.</p>

      <p>Then Snow rocked up from behind. “I heard you guys were having some fun! By the way, I can’t swim either! ’Cause I was raised in the mountains and the city!”</p>

      <p>It seemed she’d come out from inside upon hearing our cheerful chatter.</p>

      <p>“You really only ever come out when stuff’s <em>fun</em>, huh, Snow?”</p>

      <p>“Tee hee hee.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, I dunno why you’re giggling at that. If anything, I’m on the pissed side.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? But... But why?” She truly didn’t understand a thing, this girl.</p>

      <p>Ignoring Snow, I shot a glance at Lastiara, who’d been watching us from behind. Maybe all that med magic had tuckered her out, because she was being uncharacteristically quiet. Just as I was about to suggest she should get some rest, I was interrupted by her cheery voice.</p>

      <p>“You know what? It’s not every day this happens, so I need to clear my head! All right, ocean, here I come!”</p>

      <p>She didn’t need a saving throw from me; she recovered her own spirits. I did detect a pinch of lonesomeness in her show of strength, but I didn’t object. Our second dive had been a string of blunders, but we could hardly stay in a dark mood forever, so I took after Lastiara’s example and tried to shake it off myself.</p>

      <p>When I saw that Lastiara was starting to take her clothes off right then and there, however, I got flustered.</p>

      <p>“H-Hold on. What’re you doing, stupid?! C’mon, don’t undress. Don’t undress here. I’m telling you, stop! Would you stop already?!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Why would you not be naked for a swim? Hey, Mar-Mar, wanna swim together?”</p>

      <p>“I would rather die.”</p>

      <p>“Say what?! I thought we were into each other as of late, Mar-Mar! Is the honeymoon period over?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s just...Mr. Kanami’s here, so as you might expect, showing my skin would be...”</p>

      <p>Lastiara was trying to disrobe Maria, who was vigorously keeping her away with both hands. The nudity ratio of the ship was increasing, causing Ms. Sera to cry out from the waves below.</p>

      <p>“N-Naked, you say?! You mustn’t, milady!”</p>

      <p>“Please stop, Lastiara,” I said. “Look, Ms. Sera’s expression’s turning downright criminal.”</p>

      <p>“Who’re you calling a criminal?! You’re the only knave here!” shouted Ms. Sera. “What grudge do you bear against me to be spouting such gibberish?! Milady will get the wrong idea!”</p>

      <p>“I mean, it’s because it’s made you wanna bite my head off that I’ve <em>got</em> to say it, you know. The way you look at Maria and Reaper sometimes...”</p>

      <p>“That’s just me watching over them because of my maternal instincts, that’s all!”</p>

      <p><em>More like because of another of your instincts</em>, I thought, but saying that aloud wouldn’t move the needle. Rather than attempt to persuade Ms. Sera or Lastiara, I ought to devise a more fundamental solution. “All right, I’m gonna make you some simple swimsuits, so everybody wait a sec.”</p>

      <p>“Swimsuits? Oh, like a suit for swimming?” said Lastiara. “Now that you mention it, that’s an idea!”</p>

      <p>The culture gap between my world and theirs was still there. In my world, one didn’t really go into the ocean without a swimsuit, while in this world, there were two options: lightly dressed or naked.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami, you can make those?” asked Maria. She looked surprised.</p>

      <p>“If they’re simple ones, yeah,” I replied calmly.</p>

      <p>Thanks to my experience doing housework back in my world, I was well-versed in domestic skills like knitting and sewing. It was a hobby I rather liked, so it would serve as a nice change of pace. Moreover, I was confident that I could further develop those skills now. With <em>Dimension</em> on my side, I needed no help taking measurements or making technical illustrations, and I didn’t need to use a ruler or make any marks. I could visualize the three-dimensional image without any difficulty whatsoever. Plus, after coming to this world, I’d also become proficient with knives, so cutting the cloth shouldn’t pose a problem either.</p>

      <p>“Now then, I’ll be back with some fresh-made suits for ya.”</p>

      <p>I turned my back and headed for the interior. After acquiring smithing skills, I’d awakened to the joy of making things. I wanted to use this opportunity to obtain another new skill. The sensation of getting stronger and stronger by picking up skills was damn enjoyable.</p>

      <p>“Wait, don’t you need to take our measurements first?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara’s blunt question stopped me in my tracks. And who could blame anyone for thinking it was weird if I went to make their swimsuits just like that? It was akin to declaring that I knew their measurements already.</p>

      <p>“Oh, uh, oh yeah...you’re right, I should—”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think you need to,” said Reaper. “You’ve got <em>Dimension</em>, so you already know down to the millimeter, don’t ya?”</p>

      <p><em>Wow, didn’t waste a second before revealing my secret, huh, Reaper?</em></p>

      <p>“Uh, could we maybe keep our mouths shut, Reaper?”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee, quick, go make ’em! I’m super looking forward to the swimsuits you make, mister!”</p>

      <p>Clearly, she just wanted her new clothes on the double, but her offhand comment had delivered a fatal blow.</p>

      <p>“I wanna make ’em fast too, but thanks to you, they’re all glaring daggers at me.”</p>

      <p>Every set of eyes was on me. Snow was the only one who seemed embarrassed; Maria’s and Sera’s gazes, by contrast, were utterly cold. Lastiara, on the other hand, didn’t really seem to mind.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, interesting,” said Lastiara. “So, whose boobs are bigger, Snow or Serry?”</p>

      <p>Not only did she stir the pot, she’d done so in the most dangerous possible way. She’d salted the wound and then some. I’d expected backup, but that impish smile on her face told me she was enjoying this.</p>

      <p>“You can be the one to take their measurements. Figure it out yourself.”</p>

      <p>“But I can just ask you, can’t I? Besides, I wanna ask you for everybody’s numbers. I’m curious about the difference between Mar-Mar and Dia, for one. Could it be they’re smaller than Reaper?”</p>

      <p>“Thanks to you, I’ve got a chill down my spine.”</p>

      <p>Behind the immensely curious Lastiara, Maria was sulking. It would be kind of adorable if it stopped there, but her magic energy made the picture not so cute after all. Her blazing heat power undulated—the ship might catch fire at any moment.</p>

      <p>Seeing that my legs were legit shaking, Lastiara noticed the displeasure of the girl behind her. “Ah...Mar-Mar? Are you angry? Look, it’s okay! I <em>love</em> your body, Mar-Mar! You’re just the cutest thing! Right, Kanami?!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, yeah! Of course! Maria’s cute!” What was I supposed to say, “no”?</p>

      <p>At that, Maria looked away, still pouting. I could tell through <em>Dimension</em> that her face was slightly red. It seemed she was tad embarrassed. Yet her hair-raising magic energy hadn’t subsided. My legs wouldn’t stop shaking, so I wanted her to do something about that before anything else.</p>

      <p>“Right, I’m gonna go make the swimsuits real quick, so wait for me!”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t take it anymore; I fled into the ship like a bolt of lightning. The deck had become strangely difficult to breathe on, so I didn’t want to stay a second longer. On the way to my room, I passed by Lastiara’s and Dia’s rooms. Just like the jewelculus dozing in Lastiara’s quarters, Dia was sound asleep in the middle of the day. I briefly checked on them via <em>Dimension</em> and saw they were both whispering in their sleep, as if they were talking to somebody in their dreams.</p>

      <p>Since peeping on the girls as they slept for very long probably wasn’t the coolest of things to be doing, I dispelled <em>Dimension.</em> Right now, I needed to focus on swimming practice. I wanted to finish making the swimsuits by the time Dia woke up. If we all went for a nice swim in the sea, maybe it would brighten our moods, which were starting to turn gloomy due to the Dungeon. At least, that’s what I hoped as I quickened my pace and entered my room.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“Done!”</p>

      <p>I’d successfully made eight swimsuits before sunset. Not to toot my own horn, but I reckoned I did so crazy fast too. It wasn’t something I particularly noticed during everyday life, but when I compared it to my world, the freakiness of it became apparent. After all, by all rights, I shouldn’t actually be able to create multiple outfits from scratch in the span of a few hours, and it was all thanks to the blessings of my overpowered stats and skill suite.</p>

      <p>I put the needles, thread, and assorted tools scattered around my room back into my inventory. Originally, I’d bought them because I’d thought they might come in handy in the Dungeon, but they proved useful in a way I couldn’t have predicted.</p>

      <p>I put the completed swimsuits in my inventory too. They were simple, plain swimsuits with no frills, but I was confident in their overall craftsmanship. Slipups weren’t a thing for me anymore, likely because now that I’d reached a certain realm of the mind through the art of the blade, my powers of concentration and contemplation were beyond the ordinary. My hands now moved faster and more accurately than even a machine.</p>

      <p>Then there was <em>Dimension</em>, which could measure the distance between swords in units smaller than millimeters. It could also measure the area of cloth to the same level of granularity, obviating the need for tools like rulers. And since I could visualize three-dimensional conceptual drawings in my head, illustrating it in advance wasn’t necessary either. Plus, I was able to do all eight of them simultaneously even as my hands moved thanks to Thought Streams, saving myself a tremendous amount of time.</p>

      <p>The materials, on the other hand, gave me a bit of trouble. From what I knew regarding modern apparel, rubber was indispensable, but this world had none. I was sure I could find something similar to rubber if I searched for it, but in any case, I had no real substitutes in my inventory at present. After some trial and error, I ended up going with old-fashioned swimsuits fastened with strings. That said, they were all definitely the perfect sizes, so that shouldn’t be too much of a problem. I’d prioritized function over form, so they’d never come off during a swim. I’d wager my life on it.</p>

      <p>“Phew. I worked up a sweat, but I guess the results were worth it.”</p>

      <p>After I finished packing everything into my inventory, I looked at my menu.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【SKILLS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Martial Arts 1.56, Dimensional Magic 5.25+0.10, Responsiveness 3.56, Thought Streams 1.47, Magical Combat 0.72, Swindling 1.34, Knitting 1.07, Sewing 0.68, Smithing 0.69</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I’d gained a new skill in the form of Sewing. Now I could say with confidence that making clothes was a strong suit of mine. I’d always loved making things, so the fact that my menu was essentially assuring me of my talent was gratifying. Once all this was behind me, it wouldn’t be a bad idea to work a job that pertained to clothes. Seeing my skills increasing little by little, I grinned. I felt a nice sense of accomplishment, like a completionist grabbing every possible item in a video game.</p>

      <p>I promptly headed for the deck to show off the fruits of my labor. The others had been enjoying themselves with a fishing tournament to kill time while waiting for their swimsuits to be done, and the moment I stepped back out, they came over. Apparently, the time limit for the competition had been “until he returns with the clothes.” Snow, who had caught the most fish, was in the center, pumping her fist skyward in joy. The others ignored her as they looked over the articles I’d laid out on the deck.</p>

      <p>“They’re finally ready, huh?” said Lastiara. “But it’s got you written all over them. They’re so <em>plain</em>...”</p>

      <p>She came to pick them apart right out of the gate. That grated on my nerves a little, so I was about to argue back, but then I glanced around and saw that most of the girls were wearing sour looks on their faces.</p>

      <p>Ms. Sera took one of them in hand and shook her head. “Kanami. Don’t worry about mine, but remake the others.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Is... Is something wrong with them?”</p>

      <p>“They’re too crude. Go make milady and Her Grace Dia more dignified clothes, and make Maria and Reaper cuter ones.”</p>

      <p>Such unreasonable demands. Creating eight swimsuits in such a short amount of time was my upper limit already, but it seemed they wanted designs on top of that.</p>

      <p>“But, like, you can swim in them, so... Besides, are they really even that bad?”</p>

      <p>There was more than a little cloth to them, but they were still bikini-type swimsuits. If you asked me, that alone made them pretty stylish.</p>

      <p>Upon hearing my reply, Ms. Sera looked at me like I was an imbecile. “They’re terrible. We’re blessed with a whole group of girls who are <em>this</em> cute. Obviously, making clothes befitting that cuteness is common courtesy.”</p>

      <p>“You’re joking...”</p>

      <p>Just like that, my confidence in being able to land a job in the fashion industry went up in flames. And it made a lot of sense—no matter how good at sewing I became, it didn’t make the designs any more appealing.</p>

      <p>“They’re all wrong. You’re skilled, but you have no flair. Why did you make all of them brown? Are you looking down on us, bastard?!”</p>

      <p>“I had a lot of brown cloth on me, that’s all...”</p>

      <p>“So in other words, you saw fit to throw milady and company your leftover scraps.”</p>

      <p>There was no convincing her now. Lastiara was the light of her life. I had no choice but to seek salvation from the others.</p>

      <p>Lastiara picked up on my distress signal. “Now, now, Serry. Let’s wear them for the time being. We can wear cuter swimsuits starting next time, don’t you think?”</p>

      <p>“But milady, rags like these aren’t worthy of you! Gah! If only this were the cathedral; we could arrange the finest of silk for you!”</p>

      <p>“But we’re not in Whoseyards. We’re aboard the <em>Living Legend.</em> Now that we’re adventurers, we’ve gotta make do with what we’ve got,” Lastiara countered.</p>

      <p>“That may be true, but...”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Oh, I know!” I could practically see the light bulb over her head. “Why don’t you help him next time, Serry?”</p>

      <p>“Good idea,” I agreed. “Her fashion coordination during the Brawl was pretty solid. Next time around, I’ll leave the designs to Ms. Sera.”</p>

      <p>“Hrm... In that case, I’ll bear with these today,” said Ms. Sera. “Kanami, I hold you to your word.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, I won’t forget.”</p>

      <p>After getting through that small quarrel, they each grabbed one of the swimsuits spread out on the deck, even Dia, who had been sleeping through the daylight hours earlier. It seemed like he’d woken up while I was still making the swimsuits. But he froze in place with his outfit in his hands.</p>

      <p>“Ah, hey, Dia. You’re finally up, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I woke up a second ago. So, now that I’m up, I figured I’d drop by the deck, but...”</p>

      <p>While the others were heading inside to change, he alone hadn’t taken a single step.</p>

      <p>“That’s yours, so you can wear it. No need to hold back.”</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s just...” He was trembling all over. “Kanami...this is ladies wear...”</p>

      <p>“I mean, yeah.”</p>

      <p>“I... I won’t wear anything but menswear!” Dia shook his head as he quivered, clutching the swimsuit.</p>

      <p>Seeing him like that, I understood what he was so anxious about. But it was something I’d thought was resolved ages ago. I was reluctant to ask, but ask I did.</p>

      <p>“Say, Dia...are you gonna keep wearing guy clothes like that? Isn’t it about time you stopped?”</p>

      <p>He turned beet red. “Wh-What’re you talking about, Kanami?! I’m a guy, so obviously I’m gonna wear guy clothes!”</p>

      <p><em>Rehashing that old topic, are we?</em></p>

      <p>“C’mon, that excuse isn’t gonna work anymore...as you oughta know...”</p>

      <p>If I validated the sentiment, it would stunt his growth. I set about convincing him, though at an unhurried pace.</p>

      <p>“I saw you in a dress at the cathedral, and I saw you wearing girl’s clothes in Laoravia too. At this point it’s pretty clear you’re a girl—”</p>

      <p>“That meant nothing! It was cross-dressing! I was just cross-dressing!”</p>

      <p>“Cross...dressing?”</p>

      <p>“I needed to cross-dress in Laoravia! And at the cathedral, it was, uh, you know... It was the priests foisting their tastes on me! They’re the worst, those jerks! They got their kicks forcing me to wear girls’ clothes!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that sounds far-fetched...”</p>

      <p>He was lumping the adults of Whoseyards together as a band of perverts who loved it when boys cross-dressed.</p>

      <p>“I told them I hated the idea, but they forced girly clothes on me! And back then, I was in no position to fight back, so I had to swallow my tears and put them on!”</p>

      <p>“Please take that back, because otherwise I’m forced to think all those priests are sexual deviants...” If I let Dia’s story continue to escalate, it would greatly imperil the good name of Whoseyards.</p>

      <p>Just then, Maria exited the ship’s interior in her swimsuit. She was as quick about her tasks as ever. Clad in her revealing bikini, she stretched her long, slender limbs. Although she was a little thin, her ribs showing a tad, she was getting plumper and curvier thanks to her recent healthy eating habits. It was night and day compared to when I’d first met her. But because I’d designed the swimsuit to be so plain, it spoiled her charm. Come to think of it, it <em>was</em> a wasted opportunity to make a lady wear something so overly functional. It made me wish I had taken the time to embroider a flower on it or something.</p>

      <p>“Dia is a girl, Mr. Kanami. I saw it with my own eyes when we entered the baths together.”</p>

      <p>“Hey! Mariaaaa!”</p>

      <p>Dia blushed and drew closer to Maria. It seemed like the two were always fighting when they were together. On the other hand, Maria did say she’d bathed with him. Were they on good terms or not?</p>

      <p>I stepped between them to mediate. “Dia, let’s not continue this charade. I don’t wanna see you lie like that. If there’s a reason you need to dress like a guy, tell me. I’m here for you.”</p>

      <p>“Kanami!” He started muttering, flustered. “I... I mean, you allowed me by your side because you thought I was a guy, right? If you were looking for a guy ally your age, I couldn’t possibly come out and say I was only pretending. I figured if I stopped being a guy, it’d upset you...so that’s why...”</p>

      <p>“Uh, I never actually believed you’re a guy from the start.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what?! But I told you I was a boy swordsman, didn’t I?!”</p>

      <p>“When I first met you, your hair was long...”</p>

      <p>“You mean that fateful night?! But back then, I kept my hair hidden in a hood!”</p>

      <p>“I’ve got <em>Dimension</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, duh!”</p>

      <p>It seemed Dia was so innocent that he’d honestly believed he’d been deceiving me. Really, the fault was mine. It was all because I’d been putting off the problem, scared I’d lose him otherwise.</p>

      <p>“I’ve decided I won’t keep any secrets anymore, so let me be honest with you. This whole time, I’ve thought of you as a girl who’s being weird by asserting up and down she’s a guy. I’m sorry, Dia.”</p>

      <p>“Waaaaaaaaagh! Lastiaraaaaaaa!” he shouted, tears in his eyes.</p>

      <p>His sudden wailing made my body lock up. To put it simply, it had provoked a trauma response in me. It took this little for me to start falling into an abnormal state of fear, but I held steady and stemmed the tide.</p>

      <p>In response to Dia’s weepy scream, the door to the interior slammed open.</p>

      <p>“I overheard! Stop bullying Dia!” Lastiara had clearly been waiting for her cue to appear.</p>

      <p>“Hey! No eavesdropping!”</p>

      <p>She was wearing the same swimsuit as Maria, but the impression it left me with couldn’t be more different. The way the shabby fabric marred her youthful and vibrant form, it was like putting a masterwork of fine art in a shoddy frame. It was practically sacrilegious. What caught one’s eye wasn’t the swimsuit, but her body itself. To my annoyance, Lastiara was such a culmination of feminine charm that it made a mockery of all the blood, sweat, and tears I’d put into my work.</p>

      <p>She hugged Dia to her chest and stroked his head. “There there, there there. You’re so cute. To think Kanami would ever bully someone as cute as you. You should just burn him to cinders.”</p>

      <p>“L-Lastiara...he said he never once believed I was a guy...”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, that dumb, stupid Kanami. What a dirtbag. How could he doubt the words of someone so cute?! He’s a disgrace to all guys everywhere...though if I’d been in his shoes, I’d have come to the same conclusion he did.”</p>

      <p>“I... I knew it! Ugh, I <em>knew</em> it!”</p>

      <p>Dia started slapping Lastiara’s chest, but due to the rapidly increasing strength granted to him by all his level-ups, what would previously have been a cute and harmless hissy fit was now a brutal assault. Struck right over the lungs, Lastiara was left choking.</p>

      <p>Dia’s tantrum was getting out of hand, so Maria cut in, her voice calm. “Frankly, I think your assertions of maleness were just too much of a stretch.”</p>

      <p>“A stretch?! How?! I <em>look</em> like a guy, don’t I?!”</p>

      <p>“No, you look like a girl.” Maria’s calm words spurred me to speak too.</p>

      <p>“She’s right. I’ll say it as many times as I need to—you don’t pass for anything but a cute girl, Dia.” I steeled my heart and told him outright. I knew that if I compromised now, there would be aftereffects later.</p>

      <p>“No... No way!!!”</p>

      <p>“Um, Mr. Kanami? I don’t know if that’s how I’d put it.” Maria sighed. “You’d be better served if you didn’t drop all pretense all the time... In any case, Dia, let’s hear what everyone has to say. That way, you’ll get a good idea of how much of a stretch it always was.”</p>

      <p>The rest came out from inside one after the other. Since they were all wearing their swimsuits, I felt a bit awkward being there too. At the same time, I also felt a certain hollowness seeing them all wearing such crude brown outfits. Now I understood what Ms. Sera had told me on a deeper level.</p>

      <p>Reaper called Dia’s name spiritedly. “Big sister Dia!”</p>

      <p>Ms. Sera and Snow replied too, reading between the lines.</p>

      <p>“Your Grace, you do look female,” said Ms. Sera.</p>

      <p>“If I recall, the Apostle Sith was female...wasn’t she?” asked Snow.</p>

      <p>Dia was quaking, mouth agape. While he had been interacting with his allies thinking they thought of him as a boy, none of them had thought of him as such. Stricken by that harsh reality, he fell to his knees. Lastiara looked on with a radiant smile, bringing a swimsuit over to him.</p>

      <p>“All right, Dia! Wanna wear your swimsuit now? That way we all match!”</p>

      <p>“D-Dammit all...”</p>

      <p>Enervated, he faced my way as he staggered to his feet and averted his eyes a bit, a brooding look on his face.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Kanami. Even if I stop being a guy, will you treat me the same as always?”</p>

      <p>“What? Dude, yeah. Obviously.”</p>

      <p>I’d only <em>truly</em> viewed him as a guy for a short time. If he started comporting himself as a girl, I’d accept that without feeling it strange in any way.</p>

      <p>“For real? So even if the boy named Dia was a fabrication, you’ll still call me Dia anyway?” he asked, looking cornered.</p>

      <p><em>Is he worried about what we’ll call him?</em> While it was a trifling matter to everyone else, it appeared to be important to Dia.</p>

      <p>I put on a smile to do what I could to clear up his misgivings. “You’ll always be Dia. In my eyes, the Dia I know is the real one.”</p>

      <p>“Well, if that’s the case, then...I’m fine with that.”</p>

      <p>I thought I’d said something that would put his mind at ease, but he still looked pale.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay, Dia!” said Lastiara, no longer able to look on in silence. “Everybody here sees it just like he does!”</p>

      <p>Dia saw his comrades’ kind eyes. “Thanks, guys...”</p>

      <p>“Sweet! Now that that’s settled, let’s get you changed! At times like this, it’s best if you switch moods real quick-like! No doom and gloom allowed!”</p>

      <p>Dia smiled faintly, and Lastiara started walking him inside.</p>

      <p>Before they left, I asked, “Ah, one more thing. Can you swim, Dia?”</p>

      <p>He wiped the tears from his eyes. “No, I can’t.”</p>

      <p>“Then you should practice alongside Maria and the others. I’m sure it’ll be fun.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I will. You’re right, it’ll be fun...I’m sure.”</p>

      <p>With that, he went inside with Lastiara, leaving the five of us on the deck.</p>

      <p>Snow pulled on my hand. “Er, so that thing’s over now, right? In which case, I was thinking, I’d maybe like you to teach <em>me</em> how to swim first. Can you, Kanami? You can, right?”</p>

      <p>“Hey, don’t pull me into the water. I haven’t changed into my swimsuit yet.”</p>

      <p>“Then once you’ve changed, show me how—”</p>

      <p>“I’m teaching Maria first. I already promised her.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry?!”</p>

      <p>Snow staggered back, flashing Maria a look like an abandoned puppy.</p>

      <p>“Y-You can give me that look, but it won’t do you any good. You’ll get your turn, Ms. Snow.”</p>

      <p>Maria distanced herself from Snow, fleeing her supplicant gaze. In the newfound knowledge that no amount of buttering up would get Maria to give up her place in line, Snow went to sulk in a corner of the deck.</p>

      <p><em>You’ve only got yourself to blame when you behave so poorly so often.</em></p>

      <p>Later on, I went into the ship just as Dia came out in <em>her</em> swimsuit. After I changed as well, we began our friendly seven-person swimming practice.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>We took to the waves, and after about an hour of swimming lessons, my stamina was giving out. The others were doing peachy because they were taking breathers, but I was in the ocean the whole time, on constant teaching duty. My legs felt close to cramping from fatigue.</p>

      <p>I finally sat in one of the chairs on the deck to take a break, putting a mantle over my swimsuit to keep warm. To be honest, I didn’t want to take another dip today if I could help it, but maybe my efforts were bearing fruit, because none of them were at instantly drowning level anymore. Even the most hopeless case among them, Maria, was now able to at least keep from sinking. As one might suspect, the two rear-guard fighters had a tough time grasping how to swim; Dia not only had just one intact arm, she was also really bad at all things athletic and a shaky swimmer at best. She violently kicked her legs, barely managing to keep her head above water. Maria, meanwhile, seemed out of her depth in the water, simple as that. On land, she could move as quick as a cat, but in the water, she didn’t seem to know what to do. It didn’t help that she couldn’t know what was happening underwater due to the way she used her fire magic as sensors to make up for her blindness.</p>

      <p>Right now, Lastiara and Ms. Sera were the ones teaching Dia and Maria, who were still fretting over their swimming skills. Those two had a nurturing side, and both Dia and Maria seem to be having fun playing in the water. Just watching the beautiful girls frolicking in the sea was a feast for the eyes. That made the frumpiness of their swimsuits even more of a crying shame. Once again, I’d come to appreciate what Ms. Sera had told me. It wasn’t every day we got to go swimming in the sea, so slapping such painfully plain swimsuits on everybody was something of an affront. It was like having the highest-quality ingredients but ruining the dish through crappy cooking. I vowed to myself that if I ever got the chance, I’d learn about this world’s design sensibilities and make them the greatest swimsuits they’d ever see.</p>

      <p>It was while I was thinking about such silly feel-good fluff that it happened. Six of us were in the sea, and I was resting on the deck. That was all seven of us. But then <em>Dimension</em> detected an eighth person was stirring. It was the girl of white who was sleeping in Lastiara’s room. She sat up in bed and started scanning her surroundings.</p>

      <p>After grasping the situation, she immediately used her vast stores of magic energy to start constructing a complex spell. Then she held her head and canceled that spell midway through, opting for a simple one using a somewhat small amount of magic energy. Judging by the motion of the magic energy in her body, I could tell she’d given up on one spell and settled for another. According to what <em>Dimension</em> was telling me, the air inside the ship was shifting quite a bit. We probably had a wind spell on our hands. Her menu did say she could use wind magic.</p>

      <p>After casting that spell, she didn’t hesitate to go on the move. She ponderously got out of bed, exiting the cabin and walking straight toward the deck. She was making a beeline for me, so she was clearly intending to engage. I got to my feet and braced for battle. While it was apparent that her body was failing her at the moment, her stats said she was a powerhouse on par with us. Accounting for the possibility of impending combat, I put more juice into <em>Dimension.</em></p>

      <p>The tension in the air was moderately thick when she stepped out onto the deck. She was wearing Lastiara’s clothes. She had been beautiful without any clothes on too, but she was exhibiting a different sort of beauty now that she had donned silk clothing that stood out against her snow-white skin.</p>

      <p>The girl smiled at the sight before her eyes; she seemed truly content. “Ahh...looks like fun...you guys...”</p>

      <p>Those were the first words out of her mouth, removing all suspicion of hostile action. I could also tell that she viewed us fondly from the look on her face. The wistful way she was gazing at the girls swimming down below...it hit with me another bout of déjà vu.</p>

      <p>I stood up from my chair as calmly as possible and replied, “Good morning. We were just getting in some swimming practice as a group. Floor 35’s completely underwater, see.”</p>

      <p>She faced me again. “Hello. Good morning. Swimming skills will certainly be necessary. The inexperienced will find their stamina depleting very quickly. It’s why I failed so terribly at that floor.”</p>

      <p>She was awfully calm given she’d passed out in the Dungeon and woken up on an unfamiliar ship out at sea. It was as if she’d known from the beginning that we’d help her and bring her to the <em>Living Legend</em>.</p>

      <p>“It’s nice to meet you. My name’s Aikawa Kanami. And I guess you could say I’m a Dungeon diver by profession, more or less.”</p>

      <p>“Nice to meet you. My name’s Wyss Hylipröpe. And I suppose you could say the same for me, maybe.”</p>

      <p>We shared a chuckle over our doubt-laden introductions. It gave us an odd sense of unity, and the wariness I’d felt initially was pretty much gone now.</p>

      <p>“I think ‘Dungeon diver’ works as an identifier for someone who’s aiming for the deepest level. Is that also your goal, Ms. Wyss?” If not, why would she have been as deep as Floor 35?</p>

      <p>After a moment’s hesitation, she answered unhurriedly. “The deepest level... I’m aiming for it at my own pace. And yes, lad, I know that makes me your party’s Dungeon rival.”</p>

      <p>She stared at me with the kindest eyes. Though she’d dubbed herself our rival, there was respect and admiration in her gaze. Yet again, I felt that mysterious nostalgia toward her, and I wanted to know why.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Wyss, may I ask you a question?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, of course. I don’t mind.”</p>

      <p>“Forgive me, but I looked at your stats while you were asleep. Your name, your skills, your spells...plus your manner of speech and your calling me ‘lad’...they all remind me very much of an old acquaintance of mine. You resemble him so much, in fact, that I can’t call it a coincidence.”</p>

      <p>“I know. You’re referring to Sir Hine Hellvilleshine of Whoseyards, are you not?”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Yes.”</p>

      <p>She had acknowledged her uncanny resemblance to Mr. Hine, the knight specializing in wind magic who had assisted me in rescuing Lastiara from the Whoseyards cathedral—and the man who had given his life to save us. That cleared up why I was getting déjà vu.</p>

      <p>I waited for her to say more. She was holding her bangs in her fingers, only speaking after giving it some thought. “I’m sure you’ve picked up on why by now,” she said dispassionately. “It’s only natural that I resemble him. After all, his body was used as one of the materials I’m composed of. I’m a failed attempt at resurrecting the entity known as Hine Hellvilleshine. A defective jewelculus, if you will. That’s why I know as much as I do about you all.”</p>

      <p>I’d had a vague hunch. Based on what I knew, it wasn’t implausible. I had an idea who might have “sired” her too. I’d last parted ways with Mr. Hine after we lost the battle in the cathedral. The bastard in question had held Mr. Hine’s severed head aloft and called it “materials.” It could only point to one man—as loathsome as that fact might be.</p>

      <p>“That son of a bitch!”</p>

      <p>It was Palinchron. He’d done as he pleased with Mr. Hine’s corpse, and I was seeing red.</p>

      <p>“Yes. A few weeks ago, I was created by, as you surmised, Palinchron’s hand. Only, I’m a failed creation. Instead of resurrecting Hine Hellvilleshine, he succeeded only in affixing the man’s memories into me. That’s how I became the jewelculus Wyss Hylipröpe. I owe my existence to everyone’s mistakes.”</p>

      <p>I leaned forward so suddenly one might think I was about to grab her by the collar and shake her. “Ms. Wyss! Where is Palinchron currently?! I’ve got a whole hell of a lot to say to that prick! There’s something I’ve gotta do, and I wanna go see him right now! Actually, no, let’s go together! If you’ve inherited Mr. Hine’s memories, I’m sure you’ve got lots to say to him too!”</p>

      <p>Still recovering physically, she stumbled backward. She’d have fallen to the floor had it not been for Lastiara, who had drawn near at some point, stepping in to grab her. She held a palm out to me and said, “That’s enough of that, thanks.”</p>

      <p>I calmed down and looked around; while I’d been talking to the jewelculus, the girls had climbed back on board. Lastiara grabbed my shoulder and pushed me into my chair, then helped Ms. Wyss take a seat before taking another nearby.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara...”</p>

      <p>“Kanami, don’t get so worked up. Look, you upset her. So let me go before you. I’ve got some questions for her myself.”</p>

      <p>She was in the right. I couldn’t object. Just catching sight of that odious villain’s shadow had afflicted me with severe tunnel vision. It might be better to leave this discussion to Lastiara, who was familiar with magic-gem homunculi like her and could talk about this topic with presence of mind. I slumped in my chair.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami,” said Maria worriedly from behind, “is this the girl you...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. She’s not looking for a fight, so watch over her as warmly as you can. She’s our guest here.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. Understood.”</p>

      <p>Maria had been ready for battle, but she let her magic energy dissipate. Then I realized this wasn’t the time to be focusing solely on her. I elected to follow Lastiara and Ms. Wyss’s conversation too.</p>

      <p>“Baton pass! I’m Lastiara. Call me whatever, Wyssy!”</p>

      <p>“You’re...” she muttered, staring at Lastiara with some fondness. “You’re the girl from back then...”</p>

      <p>“That reaction! So, despite being a failed creation, you’ve got Mr. Hine’s memories? From what I can see, you’re <em>special-made</em>—it looks to me like they used Mr. Hine’s blood for you. How much do you remember?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’m ‘special-made.’ Consequently, I have a great deal of the integrant’s memories, though of course, my recollections are full of holes, so it’s far from perfect.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know much about jewelculi, so I was having a little trouble following the terminology they were bandying about.</p>

      <p>“You were custom-crafted to mimic Saint Tiara’s resurrection, but it failed. Palinchron, with all his talents, failed. And with lots of holes in your memory to boot...”</p>

      <p>“As you guessed, Ms. Lastiara, during my manufacture, something very unexpected occurred. That is, they tried to make up for the corpse’s deficiencies by using the blood of Siegfried Vizzita. That was where all the calculations fell apart.”</p>

      <p>“Hm. If they were going for a resurrection, it’s kind of weird you’re not a guy.”</p>

      <p>“Hine Hellvilleshine’s corpse had lost too much blood. The moment they compensated for that by mixing in a little of Siegfried Vizzita’s blood, I began skewing toward a female body for some reason. You can’t really call it a proper resurrection from that point on.”</p>

      <p>“You went from male to female? It’s true; that’s just too different from the intention... So in other words, while you have memories from Mr. Hine, you don’t think of yourself as him. Or am I mistaken about that?”</p>

      <p>“I’m my own person. Palinchron, a friend of Hine’s, also lamented that I’m just too different from him. He immediately lost interest and discarded me. Ever since then, I’ve been acting of my own volition, and as a result, I started Dungeon diving.”</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh, gotcha, gotcha. In any case, I’m sure that body’s been giving you some bumps in the road as well, so I get it if you’ve got a ton to think about. Personally, all I can tell you is, it’s all okay.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’ve faced a lot. Truly, I have. But I don’t let it get to me anymore. I intend to push on with my life my way.”</p>

      <p>“I see! You’ve come to terms with it, huh? You’ve achieved such an equilibrium I wouldn’t think you a failure. Normally, you’d get more volatile, and it would lead to a great big mess...”</p>

      <p>“It must be because the <em>knight</em> and the <em>lad</em> I’m made out of are such excellent people. That’s what I like to think anyway.”</p>

      <p>Thanks to their calm back-and-forth, Ms. Wyss’s origins and temperament were becoming clearer. I’d flown right into talking about Palinchron without even stopping to ask for this basic information first, which was cause for introspection later. That being said, something felt off about her story. For some reason, Ms. Wyss, who spoke with a smile plastered on her face, came across as a little—and I do mean a little—suspicious. It wasn’t that she was outright lying, but she was hiding vital information. I couldn’t help but come away with that impression.</p>

      <p>The two continued to talk while I mobilized all my skills to get to the bottom of it.</p>

      <p>“Okay, Wyssy, I get the gist of the circumstances surrounding you and the late Hine. So, what’s got you tackling the Dungeon?”</p>

      <p>“I’m doing it for a friend. To be straight with you, as a failed jewelculus, I don’t have long to live. Yet I’ve vowed to use all the time I have for that friend.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Wyss spoke readily of the brevity of her own life, but at the same time, she showed us a fine example of how to live one’s life. Her strength of will shone like the sun to me. She’d been called a failure and thrown away, and she was a jewelculus deprived of the lifespan and health that others took for granted. I reckoned it was like her life had been stripped from her at birth, and I honestly wasn’t confident that I’d be able to carry on and keep moving forward if I were in her shoes.</p>

      <p>“Wow,” said Lastiara. “You were born yesterday, but you’ve already got a friend. I’m guessing they’re your friend the same way the Seven Celestial Knights were mine?”</p>

      <p>“My friend is Palinchron’s niece, Sheer. After I was cast aside, she empathized with me, worried about me. It’s thanks to her I can even be who I am. I would like to make her wish come true, so I’m helping her by tackling the Dungeon. That sort of thing. By the way, Sheer is the leader of my diving party.”</p>

      <p><em>Wait. Palinchron’s niece?</em></p>

      <p>That nearly got me up out of my chair again. I didn’t <em>want</em> to discriminate or be prejudiced on the basis of blood, but reality reared its ugly head. I could hardly help it—just by saying she was related to Palinchron, my expression turned grim.</p>

      <p>Seeing the look on my face, Ms. Wyss added, “You needn’t be concerned. Palinchron is an anomaly. The rest of the House of Regacy is perfectly normal, and Sheer is a kind and considerate young woman. All I can say right now is that you’ll understand when you meet her.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve bumped into her in the past,” said Lastiara. “She did seem like a pretty normal girl. You’re saying she’s the leader of a party now? And if you’ve got a party, are there more members?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Please don’t let this startle you, but my party contains none other than...the Guardian of Floor 40, the Thief of Wood’s Essence.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?! You’ve got a Guardian?! In that case, could it be you’ve ventured deeper than us?!”</p>

      <p>“While you were all focusing on the Brawl and Lorwen Arrace, I was pushing myself a bit past my limits and diving past you. The Thief of Wood’s Essence, by the way, is named Ide. We call him Doctor.”</p>

      <p>That was also a surprise, but I didn’t get up out of my chair at it. I wasn’t too flabbergasted, given that the Thief of Earth’s Essence, Lorwen, had basically been part of <em>my</em> party. It wasn’t implausible that she could have reached Floor 40 and befriended its Guardian.</p>

      <p>“As for the other members of our party,” she continued, “we have two other girls who were born as jewelculi like me and...oh, right, Liner Hellvilleshine joined the other day too.”</p>

      <p>Liner? I could hardly believe it. He was the boy knight who was hunting me and Lastiara down to avenge his brother, Hine.</p>

      <p>“Holy moly, Liner too?” said Lastiara. “What a weird bunch you are!”</p>

      <p>I’d intended to shut up and listen to their conversation to the end, but when Liner entered the conversation, I just couldn’t keep quiet. “Hold on. Liner’s in your party? Where did you pick him up?”</p>

      <p>When the Brawl had concluded, I’d told Liner we’d meet on the mainland. I’d never thought for a second he had it in him to ignore my provocation. In all likelihood, compared to his past self, he was...</p>

      <p>“Nothing gets past you, lad,” said Ms. Wyss, smiling wider. “You’ve thoroughly ascertained my skills and spells, I take it? I met Liner not in the Alliance but on the mainland. He arrived there by tracing the shortest distance overland, not by taking a leisurely boat ride. As you’ve surmised, I can use the spacespell <em>Connection</em>, and just as you’ve made a ship your base of operations for Dungeon diving, we’ve made a certain estate on the mainland ours.”</p>

      <p>I’d spotted Dimensional Magic among the skills in her menu. It seemed that because my blood had been used to make her, she could use the same spells I could.</p>

      <p>“You have a portal up on the mainland?! Then you’re more than able to transport us to the mainland from here, right?”</p>

      <p>“If it was that simple, I would, but...I’ve lost too much blood, so I’m suffering from magic energy deficiency at the moment. And that’s on top of my preexisting conditions. I don’t think I can successfully cast a large-scale spell on the order of <em>Connection</em> right now.”</p>

      <p><em>Connection</em> wasn’t really a “large-scale spell” to me, but that was probably due to my Dimensional Magic skill number, which was more than 5.00 compared to her less than 2.00. Little wonder she’d perceive it differently from me. As for whether it was true about not being able to cast magic due to her poor health, I left that for Lastiara to determine and shot her a glance.</p>

      <p>“To be honest, Wyssy,” Lastiara started, “from where I’m standing, I’m shocked you’re able to move around at all with such a neutral expression. Drawing on my medical knowledge, I’d say your situation’s graver than <em>just</em> magic energy deficiency. You’ve got an even more severe ailment too. No, but for real though, your insides are all beat up...”</p>

      <p>The CONDITION section of her menu bore that out. Listed there were loads of status afflictions I’d never seen before, like Magic Energy Depletion, Internal Bleeding, and Anemia. She was definitely telling the truth, and once she saw that we believed her, she offered a proposal.</p>

      <p>“I don’t have the strength to return to my home base. Frankly, even now I’m so dizzy I might collapse. Would you mind doing a wee favor for me? Consider it a request from one Dungeon diver to another.”</p>

      <p>Now that she had allowed herself to voice that small complaint, her expression turned a tad darker. She’d been keeping a smile on her face so as not to worry us, but that could only last so long.</p>

      <p>“Please,” she continued, “escort me to Doctor Ide. To our base on the mainland. Using his power as the Thief of Wood’s Essence, he can restore me to normal when normal doctors can’t. And in exchange, I can grant you what you so eagerly desire. How does that sound?”</p>

      <p>“What I eagerly desire? You mean to say—”</p>

      <p>“I promise I’ll guide you to Palinchron’s location. To be clear, I don’t know where he is at the moment, but our party leader, Sheer, assuredly does. She and her uncle are in communication, so if I ask her, his whereabouts will come to light. I’ll talk to her about it.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t have asked for more. I hadn’t been about to abandon her anyway, but being able to save her and learn Palinchron’s precise location at the same time? Two birds, one stone. I gave my surroundings a small scan, checking everyone’s reactions. Nobody was shaking their heads, so I agreed to her proposition.</p>

      <p>“Okay. We’ll take on your request. I’ll level with you; I had no idea where to start searching for him once we reached the mainland.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, thank you. If you had abandoned me now, I would have died a dog’s death,” she joked, sweat still beading her forehead.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. We would never do that to you,” I replied with a glum look.</p>

      <p>She smiled, staggering to her feet. “Now that I have some peace of mind, please allow me a little rest. I’ll use a bed in an available cabin.”</p>

      <p>You wouldn’t know it from her expression or tone, but she was in no shape for anything short of total bed rest. She about-faced, keen to convalesce as soon as possible, but while I felt bad keeping her, I had one last question that I simply had to get off my chest.</p>

      <p>“Wait one second, if you would, Ms. Wyss. I know it’s rude of me to ask, but...might you be hiding something important from us?”</p>

      <p>That stopped her in her tracks. She turned around, the look on her face one of slight distress. “Am I hiding something? Well, let me think. If I had to say, I suppose I’m hiding the fact that I don’t resent Palinchron the way you folks do. While he did discard me, he didn’t treat me terribly apart from that.”</p>

      <p>Just like that, she admitted that our ultimate objective wasn’t aligned with hers. But if she knew the grudge we bore against Palinchron, why had she promised to guide us to him so readily?</p>

      <p>“When I cross paths with him...it may well lead to a battle to the death. Are you okay with our agreement despite that?”</p>

      <p>Ms. Wyss had been kind enough to be candid, so I extended that same courtesy by divulging my will to kill Palinchron. If she bore no grudge against him, she couldn’t let me meet him, could she?</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind. If anything, I welcome it.”</p>

      <p>Now I had no idea what was going through her head. I raise my eyebrows, lost for words.</p>

      <p>Seeing my reaction, she continued to look vexed. “I just want you all to triumph. To beat your <em>destinies</em>, the circumstances of your birth...”</p>

      <p>That was very vague and abstract as a statement. Everything she’d said up until then was grounded and easy to understand, but all of a sudden, I failed to grasp her meaning. Our destinies? The circumstances of our births? Yet somehow, those words churned me up inside. I couldn’t laugh off something so cryptic, so I dwelled on it, and when Ms. Wyss saw me so deadly silent, she smiled.</p>

      <p>“Let’s just say it’s a hunch of mine, if things keep going this way. Please keep this a secret until the time comes when you understand what I just said. If, that is, you would oblige me.”</p>

      <p>With that, she turned her back once again. I reached for her, but the instant the meager amount of magic energy leaking from within her made contact with my outstretched hand, my body stiffened up. The energy felt <em>heavy</em>, as though it had scraped a chunk off my soul. Racked by a peculiar sense of wistful nostalgia, the image of someone else overlapped with her in my eyes, albeit only for a fleeting moment. I recalled the wind knight whom I’d once battled alongside.</p>

      <p>A phenomenon akin to vertigo attacked me as I watched her go. But since she’d requested head-on that we let her keep her secrets, I couldn’t hound her about it either. I stood there on the deck, motionless, unable to sort out my thoughts on what had just happened.</p>

      <p>Lastiara was closest to me. “What do you think?”</p>

      <p>“She’s an odd duck. And I guess she’s got a bit of a preachy side to her? Must be ’cuz she’s got Mr. Hine’s memories.”</p>

      <p>But that wasn’t what I’d meant when I’d asked that question. “No, but like...is she even really <em>herself?</em> Because if you ask me...”</p>

      <p>I figured that what she was hiding lay at the very heart of her being, and I wanted to know what that was.</p>

      <p>“Correct me if I’m wrong, but did you see her in your head as Mr. Hine just now? I just don’t think that’s possible. I mean, any dummy can see the resurrection attempt failed. Sure, her choice of words is similar to his, maybe because of the influence of his memories, but her appearance and vibe are totally different. Besides, if you think about it, there’s no way the Saint Tiara resurrection spell is that easy to replicate.”</p>

      <p>“I dunno, man...”</p>

      <p>I didn’t think they were as dissimilar as Lastiara made them out to be. They might have been different people in the end, but there were traces of Mr. Hine in her. For one, I always found myself speaking in the polite register to her in spite of the fact that, if she was to be believed, she was the youngest of all of us. I just couldn’t drop the “Ms.” when referring to her.</p>

      <p>“The girl’s a jewelculus who’s forced to manage life with Mr. Hine’s memories in her. What she isn’t is Mr. Hine. Trust me.”</p>

      <p>“But she said she’s got most of his memories. If you have that much of a person’s memories, doesn’t that basically make you them?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Memories aren’t the be-all and end-all, ya know.”</p>

      <p>I’d thought I had a pretty good point, but apparently, Lastiara saw it as a separate question. She was a jewelculus of the highest quality and a spellcasting specialist too. From her well-informed point of view, I was fretting over trifling matters.</p>

      <p>“You think so?”</p>

      <p>According to the values of the people in my world, memories were extremely precious by nature. Some even believed them to be proof of one’s existence, of one’s very life. Something you saw all the time in sci-fi novels was the idea that if you perfectly transplanted your memories and personality into other vessels, you could become “undying.” But it seemed this world lacked that concept.</p>

      <p>“It’s normal to think so, Mr. Kanami,” said Maria. “The most important things that make someone who they are are their blood and soul.”</p>

      <p>The soul. An outmoded concept. Though on second thought, it was probably suitable to the times in this world. If something like <em>magic</em> existed, then maybe the existence of the soul was a given, and maybe it was indeed an essential component of one’s selfhood.</p>

      <p>“Righto,” said Lastiara. “That’s why ol’ Saint Tiara was so careful about the transfer process for the blood and soul. So, like, that Wyss girl’s blood and soul are both different animals entirely from Mr. Hine’s.”</p>

      <p>Unable to follow along with the logic and sensibilities of this world, I couldn’t argue back. As one last gasp, I decided to ask for Dia’s opinion. She was a magic specialist on par with Lastiara, after all.</p>

      <p>“How about you, Dia? You see it the same way?”</p>

      <p>She was standing in the distance, and when I called her name, she raised her eyes with a start. “Huh? Um...I wasn’t really paying attention, sorry. I’m a bit sleepy...” She flashed me a wry smile as she rubbed her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Sleepy? Actually, yeah, you’re kinda pale. Looks like you could use some rest.”</p>

      <p>Maybe all that swimming had worn her out. She was hardly used to it. Her menu’s HP bar hadn’t changed, but it seemed she was very spent physically.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’mma get some shut-eye. Sorry, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“No need to apologize. I basically forced that swimming practice on you, so.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... I don’t gotta apologize, do I?” she said, using her usual male pronoun for herself.</p>

      <p>She smiled faintly as she went inside. She seemed smaller, somehow. The already petite Dia looked smaller. She was in a swimsuit, so I could see the tiny, adorable white wings on her back. They were so diminutive that you wouldn’t know they were wings at all unless you examined them closely. Back when I’d told everybody my life story, Dia had told us a little about the Apostle. Since she was born with those wings, the Church of Levahn treated her as the second coming of the Apostle. She also said that she was no different from other humans apart from her magic energy being on the high side, and that even though she had wings, she couldn’t fly. I’d decided to treat her as a fellow human being, in accordance with her wishes. To me, those wings were a slightly unusual fashion accessory, nothing more. However, just as Dia was about to disappear inside, the wings I’d viewed as ornamental seemed to quiver a tad.</p>

      <p>When Dia left to take a break, the others also began doing their own thing too. I wanted to talk about Ms. Wyss more, but Lastiara and Maria seemed too convinced of their own thoughts on the matter. They went right back into the sea and resumed swimming practice with the rest of their friends, leaving me alone on the deck to ponder the newcomer.</p>

      <p>Then I stopped myself; it was a bad habit. “On second thought, that’s enough of that.”</p>

      <p>I shook those thoughts out of my head. Maybe my increase in stats and Thought Streams were to blame, but as of late, I got the feeling that I was pointlessly thinking about stuff on a subconscious level. That was the trouble with your thinking and senses getting <em>too</em> sharp. No amount of rumination would result in a satisfying answer, after all. Besides, whether she was Ms. Wyss or Mr. Hine, the fact remained that she was no enemy of ours. If anything, she was a cooperative ally, so what would regarding her with suspicion get me?</p>

      <p>I joined up with the others in the water, teaching everybody how to swim for pragmatism’s sake. We had a Dungeon to clear. Naturally, it wasn’t something one mastered that easily, so the practice continued until sundown, and with that, another day at sea came to an end.</p>

      <p>I looked back on a day full of trials and tribulations. Because I’d let my guard down a little, the distance between me and Lastiara had closed, only to grow once again. Having to trigger ??? again was a painful mistake. And then, as if things needed to get even more complicated, Ms. Wyss had entered the picture. The homunculus whose very presence stirred me up inside.</p>

      <p>After swimming practice, I returned to my room and plopped into bed, dead tired. The fatigue that had been building up fell on me like a sack of bricks even as an ineluctable drowsiness suffused my brain. This voyage must have been wearing me out more than I’d anticipated. I immediately concentrated in order to reduce my exhaustion, and little by little, my world turned black. My consciousness was ebbing, and I didn’t fight it. I accepted slumber with open arms. Down I fell, down, down into the realm of dreams.</p>

      <p>Eventually, I landed at the deepest depths. I was asleep. And I dreamed. It was a very nostalgic dream too.</p>

      <p>It was a dream of the only family I had...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>I was floating inside an infinity of black mud. That was the sensation.</p>

      <p>The stagnant world of pitch-black extended as far as the eye could see.</p>

      <p>Through an empty world I drifted, when I heard a muffled voice, resounding from nowhere in particular.</p>

      <p><em>Damn</em>, it said. <em>It ended up hitting the mark!</em></p>

      <p>The voice sounded remorseful. It was hoarse, and it trembled such that I wouldn’t have been surprised to hear whoever it was cough up blood.</p>

      <p><em>It went past the boundary line those two established! It’s entered the realm beyond human limits. Augh, at this rate, it’ll start all over again... The tragedy will repeat itself! That mustn’t occur. An outcome </em>that<em> horrible... It mustn’t come to pass! Well, it won’t. I won’t let it happen again. I refuse to allow it. I swear it. I swear it, I swear it, I swear it! Do you hear me?</em></p>

      <p>Then the voice disappeared, swallowed up by the darkness. I couldn’t comprehend what any of that had meant or whose voice it was. I dwelled on what significance the words might hold but soon realized how meaningless it was. I was wrapped in the darkness now. Where this darkness was, I knew not.</p>

      <p>I understood that this was a dream. And what one heard in a dream was as good as gibberish. The chances were high it was just a random string of words without any deeper meaning. When I realized it was a dream, I relaxed my body and entrusted it to this world of mud. Trying my best wouldn’t do a thing. I calmly concluded that it was more important to get some rest.</p>

      <p>But the dream wasn’t about to let me be.</p>

      <p>After the voice vanished, what played in the darkness was a certain scene. It was Lastiara’s cabin on the <em>Living Legend</em>. The girl of white, Wyss Hylipröpe, was dozing in the cabin’s bed, and Lastiara and I were conversing nearby. Serious looks on our faces, we were tending to Ms. Wyss, assessing her symptoms.</p>

      <p>The scene looked familiar. It was likely a scene I’d experienced earlier today.</p>

      <p>I recalled what I knew from life in my world. I got the feeling I’d heard from somebody that dreams served as the brain’s way of processing memories. Maybe that was what this was. Once I was sure that was the case, an assortment of memories from across time and place lined up one after the other. The time just that day when I met Ms. Wyss. The time I spent at the Brawl. The time I rescued Lastiara from the cathedral. The time I battled alongside Mr. Hine. The time I first stumbled into this world.</p>

      <p>The time I spent in <em>my</em> world.</p>

      <p>Serenely, I watched one scene play into the next. If watching this memory train took even a little of the burden off my mind, I was happy. If anything, I wanted even more memory consolidation. But I soon came to regret that wish, because it resulted in a memory I never saw coming.</p>

      <p>It was only a dream, and yet my heart panged with pain. Before my eyes was a girl whose lot in life was much like Ms. Wyss’s. Her limbs were also white, so white as to be unhealthy. Her face was pale, her frame sickly. Unlike Ms. Wyss, however, her long hair was blacker than shadow.</p>

      <p>It was Aikawa Hitaki. My little sister.</p>

      <p>The scene I was watching now was in a certain hospital room, and she and I were talking. These were memories from my world. Memories from my life in modern Japan. The life of Aikawa Kanami.</p>

      <p>The memories started from the time she became ill. It was because of me that her health had declined. The onus was on me after she grew sick. Science couldn’t prove the fault lay with me, but I believed it anyway. Or rather, I’d done something so horrible to her that I couldn’t doubt that that was the case if I wanted to.</p>

      <p>I’d vowed to live my life in atonement, after which I’d wound up separated from my parents. From then on, we’d lived alone, just the two of us.</p>

      <p>I did all of the chores and took unfamiliar new part-time jobs. I tried everything I could think of, doing my level best to create an environment where Hitaki could live a happy life. But no matter how hard I worked, there was only so much a single kid could manage. Naturally, cracks started forming in short order.</p>

      <p>Hitaki’s health only deteriorated with time. I had no idea why. And as I visited hospital after hospital, introducing her to the staff and speaking on her behalf, my health waned as well. I was so busy that those days were truly a struggle. Yet a part of me found some satisfaction in that fact—a part of me I loathed. It was as though the fact that I was suffering for her sake eased my spirit in a way. That was why I never gave up; it was for my own sake too.</p>

      <p>Though the adults I sought help from kept telling me they could do nothing, I never stopped searching for a means of helping her. I searched for someone who would give me a “Yes, I can save Aikawa Hitaki.”</p>

      <p>I searched and searched and searched...</p>

      <p>I searched and searched and searched and searched and searched...</p>

      <p>And in the end, where should I arrive but...</p>

      <p>Just then, a new scene came to the fore. I saw the great hall of a castle. Countless candle-laden chandeliers hung down from the too-high ceiling and countless giant windows lined the sides. It resembled historic landmarks from the West, but this great hall was too gorgeously immaculate to be called “historical.” The ornate designs adorning the whole chamber were still unchipped and unmarred, and all of the furniture looked brand new. My gut told me this was another world. One that wasn’t modern Japan.</p>

      <p>There were three people there. I was able to see them from a bird’s-eye view. One of them nodded, while another, an adult with androgynous features, shook her head, her dark blonde hair swaying through the air.</p>

      <p>“I can save Hitaki. Or I suppose it would be more correct to say that I know how to,” replied the woman clad in a white piece of cloth to the man wearing the strange mask.</p>

      <p><em>Who... Who are they? No, the first question should be, where is this?</em></p>

      <p>Why would my search for a doctor have led me to this old-timey castle-like place? Even for a dream, that was just weird. Had I begun fabricating memories within the dream? That would certainly explain this bizarre state of affairs. A hall right out of a medieval European castle? A masked man with a sooty cloak asking a girl of fairy-tale beauty about my sister’s treatment? This had to be the stuff of dreams, not a memory.</p>

      <p>But I couldn’t take my eyes off the scene. I couldn’t totally write it off as a memory, incoherent though it was, because I got the feeling I’d seen this whole scene before. The castle, the women, that mask. All of it, at some point, somewhere.</p>

      <p>The woman continued, “But that treatment method is extremely difficult. First of all, you’d need to perfectly comprehend this world’s poison at a <em>minimum</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Poison?” replied the man. “Oh, if you mean this world’s <em>magic energy</em>, we can control it better than anyone else! Right, Tiara?!”</p>

      <p>He’d called the third of them, the girl, “Tiara.” That was the name of the saint of the Church of Levahn.</p>

      <p>Tiara put her hands on her hips. “That’s right!” she said, puffed up with pride. “Who do you think saved this country, huh?! There’s nobody who can control magic energy better than me and my mentor, okay?!”</p>

      <p>She closely resembled Lastiara. Then it dawned on me that that wasn’t the only resemblance. The beautiful woman looked just like a grown-up Dia, and the masked man’s tone of voice and gesticulations were just like mine.</p>

      <p>“Ah, come to think of it, what was it you called it? Magic energy, was it?” said the dead ringer for Dia. “Heh heh, magic energy...and magic energy conversion, right? I like the ring of it. I suppose that’s what I’ll call it from now on too.”</p>

      <p>“I’m confident I can make your plan a reality!” said the man. “So please, you’ve gotta save my sister!”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t see his face behind the mask, but the way he was fighting so frantically for his sister’s sake meant he could only be me.</p>

      <p>“That’s what I like to hear. Only, I’m not sure you should be taking this so lightly. This is a pact. And it’s no ordinary pact either. It’s a pact with the Apostle, I hope you realize?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll forge any pact! I’ll do whatever you like. If it’s for Hitaki, I refuse to hesitate anymore! I won’t choose wrong again!”</p>

      <p>The woman just called herself “the Apostle” and the man just referred to Hitaki by name. In other words, we had here the saint of the Church of Levahn and its Apostle. And “Aikawa Kanami” too, I supposed. I felt a distinct disconnect from my sense of reality with the unscrupulous characters before me. This had nothing to do with memory consolidation, that was for sure. At a guess, I was mixing up a bunch of disparate elements I’d heard into one scene, and the allies close to me in life were showing up in my dream as historical figures. That was the most sensible theory. It happened commonly enough with people’s dreams.</p>

      <p>“Very well! Then I hereby recognize a pact has been forged between the Apostle Sith and the Founder Kanami! From this day forward, we’re sworn allies! And those are no empty words—our very souls are now connected by the threads of fate. No matter how far we drift apart, no matter how many times we’re reborn, the <em>curse</em> will make sure we cross paths again. And now, you two are destined for glory; to make a pact with the Apostle is to become a Saint, a hero who’ll save more than just a nation, but the whole world. No, a saint who will go down in history as a being transcending any hero! And by gaining some saints, I’ll be one step ahead of the other two Apostles! Ah, what a thing of beauty! Today’s a historic day! A stupendous moment in time!”</p>

      <p>The Apostle was ringed by light in the background. No, that wasn’t it exactly. Rather, she spread the light-wings at her back, illuminating the man in front of her. That light was peculiar; it was so dense that it made a veritable wall of white. It was clearly laced with magic energy. I could tell at a glance that it was something close to magic in and of itself.</p>

      <p>But the man didn’t take a single step back in the face of that hyperdense light. “I couldn’t care less about any of that! Just swear to me you’ll save Hitaki!”</p>

      <p>“Oh yes, I’ll draw on all the power of the Divine Apostle to heal your sister of what ails her. Rest assured, I’ll give her the treatment that suits her. Trust me, I’ll save your sister, no matter what...”</p>

      <p>The man and woman’s eyes locked, and the distance between them slowly closed. But the girl behind them, Tiara, gripped the hem of the man’s clothes tightly, frightened by the Apostle. She tried to hold him back with all her might so he didn’t get swallowed by the light—or no, so as not to cede him to anyone else. But the man never noticed. He never picked up on the ill will of the Apostle Sith, who had the girl so transfixed. He let the light envelop him and took the Apostle’s shining hand in his. Through this joining of hands, the pact was sealed. And then, the three, they...</p>

      <p>They what?</p>

      <p>My vision snapped to solid black. That dream was over, and I returned to the empty mud-world from before, floating in a daze through the murky darkness. I could but drift, my mouth hanging open. That dream had been so mysterious and fantastical that I couldn’t say anything. I was too astonished. I had no recollection of any such scene taking place. That “memory” had to have been a cobbled-together chimera. I had no doubt it was just a dream. After all, I <em>remembered</em> searching and searching and searching for a doctor who could save Hitaki. And I remembered finding no one in the end. Therefore, the “memory” was false. It couldn’t be anything besides a dream. I needed that to be the case.</p>

      <p>I mean, come on. Saint Tiara was Aikawa Kanami’s adherent a thousand years ago? I made a pact as Founder with the Apostle? The three of us were trying to cure Hitaki? It just couldn’t be.</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p>But what if, hypothetically, it <em>was </em>true?</p>

      <p>What happened to the Aikawa Kanami and Aikawa Hitaki of a thousand years ago? And who did that make <em>me</em>, the me living my life right now? If the Aikawa siblings were around a millennium ago, wouldn’t we have long since died of old age? Did that mean the sister I loved so dearly died a thousand years ago? Did that mean that no amount of gritting my teeth and fighting on in this strange world would lead me to her?</p>

      <p>No.</p>

      <p>No, absolutely not. That was just a dream. It was a dream. A dream, nothing more. It was just a dream. A dream, it was.</p>

      <p>It was a dream. It was a dream it was a dream it was a dream it was a dream it was a dream...</p>

      <p>In the darkness, I repeated those words ad nauseam, rejecting everything I’d just witnessed and groaning on the verge of tears.</p>

      <p>It <em>had</em> to be a dream. It was a dream, a dream, a dream, a dream, a dream!</p>

      <p>“Wake up, would you?!”</p>

      <p>A loud voice struck me like a blow to the head. Upon hearing those words, the darkness cleared, as if some force were tearing it to pieces. The light shone in, and my eyes opened as I calmly understood—this would allow me to escape from that dream. At long last, I was freed from that nightmare...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“Wake up, would you?!”</p>

      <p>I threw off my blanket and sat up in bed right as my eyes opened. I immediately activated <em>Dimension</em> at full power and gathered information about my surroundings. I was in bed, in my cabin aboard the <em>Living Legend.</em> The light streaming through the window told me it was morning. The only people in the room were me and a girl—Ms. Wyss was standing beside my bed. She was probably the one who had woken me up.</p>

      <p>I got the general picture of what had just happened. First things first, I had to express my gratitude to her for saving me from my nightmare.</p>

      <p>“Th-Thank you, Ms. Wyss... You did me a favor, waking me up.”</p>

      <p>“I’m glad I’m not being a bother by getting you up. You were crying out in your sleep, you know.”</p>

      <p>She was smiling at me as gently as yesterday. As I thanked her for being next to me the moment I woke up, I put a smile on my face too.</p>

      <p>“It happens all the time. Once I’m up, I barely remember a thing, but...I get scared for no reason, and it leaves me feeling weirdly anxious...”</p>

      <p>“I know that feeling well.”</p>

      <p>She gripped my hand before I could finish my sentence. I was trembling from a sense of forlorn helplessness and apprehension, but she looked straight at me and told me she knew where I was coming from. I had no reason to trust her word, but it filled me with a strange sense of security.</p>

      <p>“From my experience, whenever you’re feeling anxious due to not knowing if you can keep being you, it’s okay to rely on others. In my case, every time I’ve had nightmares, my friend Sheer has helped me.”</p>

      <p>Her words soaked into me like water sucked up by a sponge. I got the feeling that she actually did understand the sort of nightmare I’d just witnessed.</p>

      <p>“You’re not alone, lad. Come what may, you’re no longer all alone. Now then, please, go to the deck. It’ll help you understand just how not alone you are.”</p>

      <p>She tightened her grip and pulled me out of bed. Then, when she saw me on my feet, she gave me a little “good” and stroked my unkempt bed hair. I was still groggy, so I didn’t resist.</p>

      <p>“Okay, I’m going to go rest again. I intend to rest and recuperate until Doctor Ide can treat me, so you can find me in my room if you need me.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Wyss got me looking presentable before exiting the room, leaving me no time to stop her. It had been such a whirlwind; she’d been by my side before I knew it, soothed my anxiety before I knew it, and before I knew it, she was gone.</p>

      <p><em>What a puzzle she is...</em></p>

      <p>But I figured that at the same time, she was a lot like Mr. Hine in regard to her caring nature. Part of me wanted to follow her, not because I wanted to ask her about that, but so I could thank her again. But I hesitated a little to visit the room of someone who’d just told me she was going to sleep, so I chose to show my appreciation some other way some other time.</p>

      <p>Having decided that, I shook off my gloom and flipped the switch inside me. I put on my jacket, slapped myself hard on the cheeks, and went out the door.</p>

      <p>Today was another dive; it was time to make up for yesterday’s false steps in the Dungeon. I crossed the corridor, climbed up the stairs, and reached the deck where the morning sun lightly stung my eyes. Squinting, I saw Maria and Dia nearby.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Mr. Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“Morning, Kanami!”</p>

      <p>“Morning,” I replied, looking out across the deck.</p>

      <p>Everyone was there this early in the morning. Lastiara was teasing Snow, and Ms. Sera and Reaper were having fun chatting. Just like Ms. Wyss had told me, the scene before my eyes made it sink in that I really wasn’t alone.</p>

      <p>As I felt the anxiety in my chest dissipate, I called out to my friends and comrades. “Gather ’round, guys. Let’s get ready to Dungeon dive, shall we?”</p>

      <p>The gang assembled around the table at the center of the deck to discuss the day’s schedule. It was time for our third dive as a party. The problem at hand was the underwater area that was Floor 35. After asking everyone how confident they were in their ability to swim competently, I’d determine who could go. There was still time. All I had to do was stay on my toes, not rushing, not letting my guard down, and not making decisions hastily. Why dwell on anxiety and regret when I could work with everybody to move forward? If I just kept moving forward, someday my wish would come true. Someday, I’d even be able to see my sister.</p>

      <p><em>That’s right.</em></p>

      <p><em>As long as I keep putting one foot in front of the other, someday, I’ll...</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>