<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1"><div class="main">
      <p>I soon called out to the rest of the crew and gathered everyone on deck. Maria, who always worked quickly, had set up a large table at the center of the deck and had finished preparing breakfast, so all six of them were seated there in a friendly little circle. My comrades and I faced each other with the table between us.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“There’s something I need to tell you all,” I started. “It’s very important, so I’d like you to listen carefully.”</p>

      <p>In the hopes that this would help to ensure we never clashed again, I revealed everything I’d been hiding.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>I finished telling them my life’s story, laying it all out there. I informed them in no uncertain terms that I was not a native of this world and that I was aiming for the deepest level of the Dungeon out of concern for my little sister.</p>

      <p>The one who’d been the most surprised to hear all this was Dia.</p>

      <p>“Damn, so that’s your deal... So, it’s all because you’re an <em>outworlder</em>, huh?”</p>

      <p>“By the way, Dia,” said Maria, who was sitting next to him for some reason, “I knew all that already. I knew about his sister too. Unlike you.”</p>

      <p>“Listen here, you!”</p>

      <p>Two terrifyingly dense clouds of magic energy intertwined between them, with space itself beginning to visibly distort. I was used to their bickering by now, so I pretended not to notice, gauging everybody else’s reactions instead.</p>

      <p>Lastiara wasn’t very surprised, while Snow didn’t show much interest to begin with; she was the only one who’d finished eating her breakfast. Reaper’s eyes lit up with childlike excitement, while Ms. Sera, who was wearing a maid outfit for some reason, was glaring at me. Her eyes were so bloodshot and scary that they were like something out of a school delinquent’s manga, so I couldn’t keep from averting my gaze.</p>

      <p>From what I could tell, viewing her from the corner of my eye, she was extremely reluctant to be wearing that uniform. As for why she was wearing it, I had my suspicions. I didn’t know where those clothes had come from, but I figured Lastiara must have had fun making her don them. Through Responsiveness, I intuitively knew not to mention it and kept the chat going without touching on Ms. Sera, as discussing her situation would probably set off a land mine.</p>

      <p>Responsiveness had been helping me avoid such pitfalls since the day prior. <em>Thank you so much, Lorwen.</em> <em>And I’m sorry; I know stuff like this can’t be the reason you taught me this skill...</em></p>

      <p>That said, why were everybody’s reactions so muted? “Hold on a sec; you guys swallowed this otherworld business so readily. Is my being from another world that easy to accept?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” said Maria. “Personally, I don’t think it’s that far-fetched if somebody uses magic to do it.”</p>

      <p>It seemed she thought that as long as something as convenient as magic existed, nothing was impossible. Maybe if I’d likewise been raised in a world with advanced magic rather than science, I’d have the same perspective.</p>

      <p>Lastiara had a different reason to believe my story. “Well, in my case, I can see ‘Outworlder’ written in your status menu, so I don’t doubt it. And I guess it doesn’t hurt that people who are familiar with the Church of Levahn are vaguely aware of the existence of another world.”</p>

      <p>Dia, who was also familiar with the precepts of that religion, agreed. “Yeah, there are passages in Levahnite lore hinting at another world being out there.”</p>

      <p>“It could even be the case that Saint Tiara of the Church of Levahn has some connection to another world. Just like you and me, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>This was the first I was hearing of it. That was information I hadn’t even been able to obtain at the library in Whoseyards. And the fact that Dia and Lastiara were important figures in Levahnism lent credibility to their information. I felt as though, at long last, I’d finally stumbled upon something close to a lead regarding other worlds. My hope was vanishingly slight, but it was a tiny step forward.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you two, what do you think I should do to return to my world?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara replied without giving it much thought. “I think you should stick to the path of aiming for the deepest level of the Dungeon. I can’t think of any other way.”</p>

      <p>Dia agreed. To them, the idea that the deepest level of the Dungeon held <em>something</em> miraculous was a matter of course.</p>

      <p>Maria hazarded her thoughts on the topic. “Assuming there is another possibility, maybe you could study up on your dimensional magic more?”</p>

      <p>It was true that I sensed some promise in my <em>Dimension</em> and <em>Connection</em> powers. At present, it seemed most prudent to trust the lore and plug away at the Dungeon while honing my magic at the same time. And of course, I intended to continue collecting information regarding other possible methods as well. After we reached the mainland, I planned to visit libraries and wise sages in the major countries.</p>

      <p>Just as I’d solidified my thoughts, Snow offered me her unique opinion. “Kanami, are you sure you can’t just stay in this world?”</p>

      <p>It was a timid suggestion, one made with a half-hearted smile. Everybody’s eyes fell on her, and for a moment, silence enveloped the table. No one said it out loud, but they clearly viewed the idea positively. They were grateful to Snow for being the one to broach the subject.</p>

      <p>But I shook my head. That point alone I couldn’t cede to them. “No can do. I can’t abandon Hitaki like that.”</p>

      <p>Her half-hearted smile stiffened, and she looked up at me from under her lashes. “Oh, okay. Got it... I just thought I’d make that suggestion, so don’t get mad, okay?”</p>

      <p>Why was she getting so frightened all of a sudden?</p>

      <p>I replied with a smile. “Don’t worry, I’m not mad. Not at all.”</p>

      <p>Maria was sitting next to Snow, and the look on her face was similarly stiff. “Actually, Mr. Kanami, you look quite angry.”</p>

      <p>“What, really?”</p>

      <p>“I know from experience how much you must love her,” she continued, “but it’s striking just how crazy your sibling bond is...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, we’re pretty close. That’s why I wanna get back as soon as I can.”</p>

      <p>“I get the feeling it’s deeper than <em>close siblings</em> level, but if you’re good with that explanation, I am too...”</p>

      <p>Whatever Maria had wanted to imply, she made no more mention of it. Maybe Maria’s past relationships with her own family hadn’t been very good.</p>

      <p>Now that we’d more or less finished covering my being from another world, we moved on to the next order of business, which was my ability to read their menus.</p>

      <p>“Now, about your abilities, Kanami,” said Lastiara. “From what I’ve gathered, your eyes are even more powerful than mine. You can see so many details that it kinda weirds me out.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I guess I can see more than you. Honestly, I thought it was the opposite.”</p>

      <p>Though Lastiara’s abilities were similar, I could grasp things on another level. First of all, in my case, stats values were displayed down to the second decimal place, whereas Lastiara couldn’t see those numbers beyond the decimal point, nor could she read the descriptions of equipment or items. While she could read information about monsters to an extent, it appeared she couldn’t pull up any information when it came to inanimate objects.</p>

      <p>“Your ‘Analyze’ isn’t the only magic you’ve got that’s amazing. Your ‘Inventory’ pocket dimension magic’s incredible too.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, you’re saying those abilities are magic? So they <em>are</em> spells after all?”</p>

      <p>“I think they’re probably applications of dimensional magic and ancient magic. They can’t be out of magic’s reach.”</p>

      <p>That made me feel a little more at ease. I’d initially feared it could be some force tampering with my brain and retinas and stuff, so hearing it was just magic was slightly relieving.</p>

      <p>“They’re not out of magic’s reach, but...”</p>

      <p>For some reason, she was looking paler than before. Looking closer, I found the same expression on Dia’s face. It seemed that people connected to Levahnism had reservations regarding what I could do.</p>

      <p>“What’s the matter, Lastiara?”</p>

      <p>“N-No, it’s nothing. It’s true that that magic is special, but that’s all there is to it. The real problem right now is one of your skills. Your emotions keep disappearing on you thanks to a skill you don’t really understand, right?”</p>

      <p>I didn’t fail to notice how blatantly she changed the subject, but I didn’t sense any malice there. She was doing it out of consideration for me, so I didn’t press her any further.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, thanks to <em>it</em>...I’ve lost a bunch of important stuff that I need.”</p>

      <p>“So we definitely wanna erase that skill somehow, and fast. Let’s not mince words: it’s the worst skill ever.”</p>

      <p>I hadn’t gone into detail regarding what that skill, which Lastiara regarded with such contempt, had taken from me, yet she made plain the wrath she felt deep inside.</p>

      <p>“Could you maybe seal it away, with your magic or Dia’s? Like how that bastard Palinchron sealed it?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think it’s possible for us. I’m guessing he was only able to do it by borrowing the power of Tida, the Thief of Darkness’s Essence. Even we can’t measure up to that.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then I guess all I can do is be careful not to let it trigger.”</p>

      <p>It seemed the idea was too good to be true. As much as it pained me, I gave up on erasing ??? for the time being. Then I pulled myself together and moved on to today’s main topic.</p>

      <p>“That’s it for my life’s story. Now then, since it looks like everybody’s finished eating the food Maria graciously made for us, how about we talk about the next thing on the agenda—Dungeon diving.”</p>

      <p>After cleaning my plate of the last salad left on the table, I leaned in a little, a bit excited. In a total shift compared to the seriousness of what we’d been discussing before, the atmosphere aboard got a tad cheerier.</p>

      <p>“Oh, finally! Dungeon, here we come!”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh! It’s been a while!”</p>

      <p>The Dungeon was one of the reasons Lastiara and Dia got out of bed in the morning.</p>

      <p>“This is gonna take a bit, but I’d like you all to listen to my proposal.”</p>

      <p>I had a plan that I’d been ruminating on for a long time. I’d thought about it when we escaped from the cathedral on the Day of the Blessed Birth as well; it was fun just thinking about what sort of party dynamic one could create with a large group of allies. It was the same kind of excitement I got from strategizing while playing an RPG.</p>

      <p>Brimming with confidence in my carefully thought-out plan, I waxed proud about it. “I’m thinking that as a general diving policy, we should go in parties of four. I’m sure it would be the best way to raise our diving efficiency by rotating the party.”</p>

      <p>My eyes sparkled like I was doing a slideshow presentation. I asserted that this was the optimal route for exploring the Dungeon due to the thought patterns I’d acquired through self-imposed challenges and speedruns I used to enjoy when playing video games. Plus, in order to win my comrades over to my line of thought, I put Thought Streams to work as I went.</p>

      <p>“For my provisional Team A, I want Snow, Dia, and Ms. Sera. Guess we’ll make Lastiara, Maria, and Reaper Team B. Those lineups are definitely the most balanced.”</p>

      <p>These teams would equalize the distribution of EXP and avoid huge disparities in strength, like when Maria, Lastiara and I, had dived together in the past. I wasn’t sure how reliable Ms. Sera was in terms of aptitude, but I figured I’d have let her focus on protecting our rear and providing a mode of transportation.</p>

      <p>“In the morning, it’ll be me and Team A Dungeon diving, and once our MP runs out, we’ll switch to Team B via <em>Connection</em>. By then my MP will be mostly gone, so I’ll have Reaper supply me with more. From there, Team B and I will resume our progress through the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>Reaper still had her curse-link powers. Parting ways with Lorwen had caused her to lose stuff like her curse of intangibility, but she could still use other magic. However, after concluding that an excessive influx of memories was dangerous, she had only retained the minimum number of curse-links necessary. Another driving factor was her dislike of her own death god abilities. The only person Reaper was currently linked to was me, as I was the only one she could share her power with rationally. Everyone else was concerned about their privacy and avoided linking up with her.</p>

      <p>After hearing my detailed strategy, Dia tilted his head in puzzlement. “Wait, huh? I don’t really get it...”</p>

      <p>The others reacted with similar confusion, while Lastiara objected strongly. “You’re always so in the weeds, it takes the fun out of things. Besides, why teams of four? Is there a reason for that?”</p>

      <p>“It’s to prevent the ship from going unguarded. Splitting up half-and-half is just enough for both places.”</p>

      <p>That wasn’t my main reason, though. The true reason was that the number of people I could track with Thought Streams maxed out at four. Also, on the simpler side, I just enjoyed the act of team composition, and active parties of four people were the tried-and-true RPG standard. In fact, maybe <em>that</em> was the main reason all along.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, isn’t it kinda shitty that you’re the only one who’s diving the whole time?” said Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“Huh? But I mean, I’m the only one who wants to reach the deepest level no matter what, and I figured I’m putting the majority of the strain on my own shoulders that way, you know?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind diving the whole time either! In fact, if you leave me behind, I’ll probably end up going in alone!”</p>

      <p>“No, don’t! No going in without my say-so! I won’t let you dive unless you’re with me!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, you need to chaperone me?! But why?”</p>

      <p>“Because. Without <em>Connection</em> to bail us out at any given moment, it’s too dangerous, isn’t it? We need to prepare for unforeseen circumstances. That’s one of the fundamentals of diving.”</p>

      <p>“Aww... Oh yeah, and another thing. Are these teams fixed?”</p>

      <p>“Of course they are. They need to be fixed so people can refine their teamwork over time.”</p>

      <p>“If the teams never change, that’s so boring. Let’s draw lots or something and decide the teams at random.”</p>

      <p>“Excuse me?! We need to think these things through! What happens if you end up with a team of nothing but rear-guard fighters? Or only frontline fighters?”</p>

      <p>“That sounds fun!”</p>

      <p>“Why is what’s fun for you always exactly the same as what’s dangerous for everyone?!”</p>

      <p>Our quarrel continued, but that was nothing out of the ordinary. It was perfectly normal, measuring the distance between two people this way. As we bounced our diametrically opposed priorities off each other, Snow timidly raised her hand.</p>

      <p>“Um, if I may?”</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Snow? If you’ve got something to say, there’s no need to hold back.”</p>

      <p>“Er, it’s just, could I stay on the ship instead?”</p>

      <p>“Are you saying you don’t feel like Dungeon diving?”</p>

      <p>“Uh...not really, I guess? If I’m the only one left, then I have no choice, but when there are this many people, I feel like I, uh, maybe don’t need to come.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe not, but then aren’t you basically doing nothing to pitch in?”</p>

      <p>“I... I’m good at sewing, so I can make everybody’s clothes. And I can cook too! What I’ve always wanted is to be a housewife! I want the housewife life!”</p>

      <p>“Okay, fine. I get it, I get it, so no more of that,” I said, interrupting the housewife declaration that threatened to chill the peace and pretending she’d never said that. “Only, you’re the one with the most experience Dungeon diving. You’re more help to me diving with me than doing housework...”</p>

      <p>Reaper, who was sitting next to Snow, was of much the same mind as her. “Hm, I dunno. I’ve got no interest in Dungeon diving. I’ll help if I feel like it.” She left her seat nonchalantly.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Reaper! Wait up!”</p>

      <p>“It’s all so fussy. I’m gonna go play a bit! I tried fishing a second ago, and it was surprisingly fun!” With that, she ran right inside.</p>

      <p>Hers wasn’t the only reaction I didn’t see coming. Ms. Sera was next to speak, her expression sour and surly. “Just so you’re aware, I’m not entering the Dungeon simply because you order me to.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh?!”</p>

      <p>“I’m a knight of milady. What’s more, I’m not even interested in Dungeon diving.”</p>

      <p>Now that she mentioned it, that made sense. She was a knight, not a diver. She also had no reason to be loyal to me. My best-laid plans were gradually falling apart. I ground my teeth in frustration, and Lastiara welcomed my woe with a blissful smile.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee! Looks like we lost half our party before we even set out once. It’s not <em>gonna</em> go according to plan! You never know what’ll happen on an adventure! That’s what makes them so fantastic!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, that...that was just my Plan A. I’ve still got a Plan B! So I’m totally not butthurt over it!”</p>

      <p>While Lastiara was reveling in a joy I couldn’t comprehend, I found myself making silly excuses. My plans had gone awry before the word go, leaving me with no choice but to propose a strategy making use of the remaining party members.</p>

      <p>“Then let’s dive as a party of four, composed of Lastiara, Dia, Maria, and myself! And we can make substitutions when needed! The end!”</p>

      <p>“Now we’re talking! Going in without some big plan makes things more thrilling!”</p>

      <p>“Our first objective is Floor 39. I don’t wanna release the Guardian of Floor 40 until after we settle things with Palinchron.”</p>

      <p>“Aha! Sorry if I slip up and end up entering Floor 40 inadvertently, Kanami!” Lastiara cried.</p>

      <p>“If that happens, we’ll just strand you there as bait, so that’s fine. If I dispel all my <em>Connection</em> portals, even a Guardian shouldn’t be able to chase us into the ship.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, team leader? I think that’s kinda not something to joke about...”</p>

      <p>“If you deliberately hit Floor 40, I’m within my rights. Besides, knowing you, you’ll probably survive somehow. If the Guardian’s anything like Lorwen, you’ll be able to talk your way out.”</p>

      <p>“You’re just not being honest with yourself. Even if that did happen, you’d totally stay behind and you know it.”</p>

      <p>“In terms of ability to survive, you’ve got us all beat, Lastiara. I believe in you.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re actually serious... Okay, you win, I’ll be careful not to enter Floor 40.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks kindly.”</p>

      <p>I’d learned to rely on others, so I was serious about teamwork, and when Lastiara realized how serious I was, she piped down. Now that the squabbling was over and nobody was saying anything, I collected myself and suggested we set off.</p>

      <p>“All right gang, what say we get a move on? Let’s think about the small stuff when we’re in the Dungeon!”</p>

      <p>No use spending any more time thinking about Dungeon stuff while on the ship. Overthinking to the point of spinning my wheels was a bad habit of mine, so why not follow Lastiara’s example and stride into the Dungeon more aggressively? Lastiara, Dia, Maria, and I were basically the optimal party anyway, so it wouldn’t be much of a sweat.</p>

      <p>Yet even after compromising and compromising again, the wind was taken out of my sails.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Mr. Kanami,” said Maria, “I, er, still have washing to do...”</p>

      <p>She loved doing housework, and she’d taken the initiative to start doing chores for the ship that morning. It seemed she didn’t like abandoning her chores either. I had no choice but to grab Snow by the collar as she quietly tried to slip away from the scene.</p>

      <p>“Here, make Snow do it.”</p>

      <p>“Wha-huh?! Me?” Snow shook her head vigorously.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what happened to you doing the chores? Is the so-called housewife of this ship not gonna do any housework?”</p>

      <p>“I was willing to do them if nobody else volunteered, but I just thought if Mar-Mar’s doing it, I don’t wanna steal her work away from her, so...”</p>

      <p>“You really don’t feel like doing anything on this ship but sleeping and eating, do you?”</p>

      <p>“I... I’ll sew stuff too?”</p>

      <p>“That’s just your hobby.”</p>

      <p>“I can fish too?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, okay, fishing. You’d definitely just fall asleep. Not to mention we’ve got plenty of food, so there’s no need.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh...”</p>

      <p>Snow tried to chuckle it all away, but my hand retained its death grip on her collar.</p>

      <p>Just then, Reaper appeared from inside with fishing gear. “I finished the setup for fishing! Over here!”</p>

      <p>Taking advantage of this opportunity, Snow broke free of my grip and headed for the hills.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Reaper’s calling for me! Be back later!”</p>

      <p>Apparently, they had been conspiring together from the outset. Reaper and Snow grabbed their fishing gear and ran off to the stern.</p>

      <p>“What do we do about the laundry?” asked Maria, who’d watched the whole scene play out.</p>

      <p>I hadn’t planned to talk to Ms. Sera about the costume, but she was the only other person I could turn to. “Um, Ms. Sera? Could I ask you to do the laundry? Because, like, your clothes are...you know.”</p>

      <p>“For the record, I’ve never done housework in my life. Also, if you mention my attire one more time, you’re dead.”</p>

      <p>“Never? Not once?”</p>

      <p>“Never. Not once...though I do plan to learn as we go.”</p>

      <p>Although she wasn’t willing to help with the diving, I sensed she <em>was</em> willing to help with the voyage. From that back-and-forth, I could tell she was determined to pitch in as a member of our crew. She was a hundred times better “wife” material than Snow.</p>

      <p>“All right, guess we’ll all just focus on laundry today.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t mind if we do.”</p>

      <p>“And once that’s done, let’s hit the Dungeon...”</p>

      <p>We gave up on the Dungeon for the time being, forced to focus on domestic matters. Since the laundry was all women’s clothes, I was immediately banned from entering. I found myself with time to kill for the first time in a while, so I idled at the edge of the ship, my desire to Dungeon dive steadily ebbing. It was all such a slog...</p>

      <p>The momentous first Dungeon dive of the crew of the <em>Living Legend</em> had gotten off to a sloppy start. Around when the laundry was finished drying on the deck, I retrieved Lastiara and Dia, who were having fun fishing with Snow and company. The moment I took my eyes off them, my party members came unglued, which was a giant headache. Perhaps it was a mistake trying to control them to begin with.</p>

      <p>With our Dungeon diving prospects going forward in such doubt, I heaved a sigh as I passed through the <em>Connection</em> gateway.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Through <em>Connection</em>, we skipped straight to Floor 30, where I’d placed the portal earlier. The floor was unrecognizable; the field of crystal flowers was no more, leaving nothing but a stretch of lifeless stone. It evoked the same sense of melancholy as when Alty’s floor had lost its master.</p>

      <p>We descended to Floor 31, which wasn’t all that different from Floor 29. The only real difference was that the sand felt a bit harder underfoot, providing better purchase. The sea of sand stretched on and on. Golems were prowling the desert, while fish monsters swam underground, and each and every monster was covered in crystal that looked so hard to break that this was probably going to be tricky.</p>

      <p>Staying on my toes via <em>Dimension</em>, I checked everyone’s menus one last time.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 303/313</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 391/796-400</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Diver</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 18</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 10.15</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 11.42</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 14.90</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 17.82</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 15.33</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 40.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 6.98</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EXP: 8,409/60,000</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EQUIPMENT: Lorwen, Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan; Red Talisman; Mantle; Epic Seeker Uniform; Burned Otherworld Footwear</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Swordplay 4.89, Ice Magic 2.58+1.10</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Martial Arts 1.56, Dimensional Magic 5.25+0.10, Responsiveness 3.56, Thought Streams 1.47, Knitting 1.07, Swindling 1.34</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>???: ???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>???: ???</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It had been a while since I’d last dived, so I thought I’d look at our menus in greater detail than normal. As I’d set up quite a few <em>Connection</em> portals before leaving the Alliance, my max MP was on the low side, leading me to allot all of the points I’d received from leveling up into my magic energy. I’d also gotten slapped with the Swindling skill back when I earned the funds to buy the <em>Living Legend</em> at a gambling den. Imagine my surprise to see that notification after merely observing someone I had pegged as a swindler do their thing. This proved what Lorwen told me: there was no normal skill I couldn’t acquire.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Lastiara Whoseyards</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 735/735</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 338/338</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 17</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 12.97</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 12.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 7.82</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 9.31</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 13.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 9.69</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 4.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Weapon Combat 2.20, Swordplay 2.12, Pseudo-Divine Eyes 1.00, Magical Combat 2.27, Bloodknack 5.00, Holy Magic 1.03</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Book Reading 0.52, Doll Body 1.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Lastiara had also gotten a little stronger, compared to the last time I’d fought with her. I’d decided to give her my Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword, since she’d abandoned her trusty sword Noah back at the Whoseyards cathedral.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Diablo Sith</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 220/220</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 941/941</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Swordfighter</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 14</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 8.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 6.59</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 3.60</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 3.79</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 12.33</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 51.72</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 5.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Holy Magic 3.81, Divine Protection 3.08, Condemn 2.00, Concentration 2.05, Elemental Magic 2.10, Overprotection 2.45, Life Support 2.24, Targeting 2.03</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 0.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>???: ???</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Dia was the one who’d grown the most. During the span of time he’d been with Lastiara, his stats had skyrocketed. His STR surpassed that of the former “strongest,” Mr. Glenn, and his VIT had surpassed the hulking Mr. Vohlzark of Epic Seeker. Yet his Swordplay skill had only risen by a measly 0.01, and lamentably, that suspicious Overprotection skill had climbed steeply too. This was proof that no matter how hard one struggled, their stats wouldn’t necessarily oblige them.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Maria</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 159/159</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 855/855</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 10</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 7.69</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 7.23</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 5.99</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 4.45</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 7.96</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 41.13</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 4.13</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Hunting 0.68, Cooking, 1.08, Fire Magic 3.53</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Though she hadn’t leveled up, her MAG and APT had ascended rapidly thanks to Alty’s magic gem. Or maybe “ascended rapidly” was underselling it. Really, they were at a whole other level. Plus, the loss of both eyes notwithstanding, she had, via Alty’s magic, obtained spatial awareness powers to replace her sight. She was vigilantly observing her surroundings through several will-o’-the-wisp flames she had floating in the vicinity. When she’d explained it to us, she’d humbly left it at her fire magic having gotten “a little bit stronger,” but judging by those floating flames, it was quite the understatement. This fire magic reminded me of Alty’s tremendous might. Out of the whole party, it was what Maria was capable of that had me the most curious.</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s stay on our toes, guys. Lastiara, you’ve got the two in the back.”</p>

      <p>“Okey dokey!”</p>

      <p>I was at the front, while Lastiara defended the pair who formed our rear guard. I walked across the sea of sand with <em>Dimension</em> up and running. It felt less like traveling down a path and more like trudging through a vast desert; there were no walls in sight and therefore nothing to track one’s direction with. Anybody who wanted to explore every corner of this room would have an anxiety-filled time of it, but that was of no concern to me. As guildmaster of Epic Seeker, I’d made <em>Dimension </em>envelop the whole town and now had it permeate the entire floor.</p>

      <p>It was a lavish expenditure of MP, but I reckoned it paid to be cautious when starting off. I examined and memorized the floor’s structure, the positioning of our enemies, and the staircase leading to the next floor. I also focused some of my attention on the space under our feet. My magic energy penetrated the sand more easily than before, and I had a guess as to why. The experience I’d accrued through Guardian battles had strengthened me. It was the kind of thing that wasn’t displayed on some status screen. Numbers beyond numbers. It was the same as how my fight against Alty had deepened my understanding of fire; my fight against Lorwen had deepened my understanding of minerals. Compared to Lorwen’s crystal, which had shrugged off any and all attacks, the minerals found on this floor were on the easy-to-understand side of the spectrum.</p>

      <p>We advanced to the depths without difficulty. On our way, I spotted a handy test monster swimming nearby and went to engage it on purpose in order to ascertain the party’s reaction and strength sooner rather than later.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Jewelfish: Rank 29</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It was the many-colored giant fish that resided on Floor 29. I promptly called out to the group, “Let’s fight the monster over there as a test. It’s a fish monster swimming in the sand, and watch out because it’s fast and its skin is hard.”</p>

      <p>The other three agreed, and the first battle of (the tentatively named) Team <em>Living Legend </em>commenced. A portion of the sand-sea swelled, the jewelfish exposing its dorsal fin like a shark as it zoomed toward me: the advance guard. Its speed and motions were unfettered by inertia. Last time, its overwhelming celerity had forced me to use <em>Blizzardmension</em>, but things were different now. I had only to use my Responsiveness and Swordplay skills. Though its attack was so fast the naked eye couldn’t track it, now that I had overcome the Trigesimal Trial, it felt like weak sauce to me. Compared to the sheer speed of Lorwen’s swordsmanship, the monster might as well have been frozen in time.</p>

      <p>Lorwen, Treasured Sword of the Arrace Clan, glowed faintly in my hand. The jewelfish and my blade crossed paths, as though the monster had gotten sucked in by the blade’s gleam, and in that fleeting moment, I slashed its dorsal fin clean off. It wasn’t a fatal injury, as it had managed to avoid a direct hit, albeit barely. I gave up on pursuing the jewelfish as it swam away and shouted to Lastiara behind me.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, it’s on the move!”</p>

      <p>“I know!”</p>

      <p>The injured monster ignored me and pounced on Lastiara’s group. She was closely tracking its movements with her eyes. Since I couldn’t sense any magic energy, it seemed like she was doing so without any magic to aid her. On second thought, maybe she was being aided in a way. It was possible that her Weapon Combat skill tipped the scales in her favor when it came to close combat.</p>

      <p>The way she intercepted the attack was brilliant. The blade that was sent the jewelfish’s way at the very same moment she drew her sword sliced through its body, splitting it in two down the middle while it was still in the air. It faded into light before it could even fall onto the sand. I got the feeling Lastiara had wanted to show off for the audience behind her, but either way, she’d wielded her sword superbly. For a final flourish, she swung the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword like a blade dancer before gracefully slipping it back into its sheath.</p>

      <p>“As long as I’m here, I won’t let you lay a finger on my friends.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know who she was speaking to, exactly, but she struck a pose, affecting an expression of solemn sorrow while hiding half her face with her right hand.</p>

      <p><em>Is that supposed to be some kind of canned victory line? </em>Maybe she was trying on the mask of the hypercompetent woman archetype for later when she took up the quill again.</p>

      <p>“Cool, looks like we can handle that much. Let’s move on.”</p>

      <p>Ignoring Lastiara as she gleefully asked Maria and Dia for their impressions, I led them deeper and deeper. The results of that battle told me that Dia and Maria were safe unless we got hit by the horde tactics I’d witnessed back on Floor 21. Moreover, while Lastiara and I were able to take down enemies on our own, the two in the rear had just finished preparing their magic. Even from this distance, I could tell they were able to track the monsters’ movements. If, hypothetically, the monster had evaded Lastiara’s strike, it would have been vaporized by their high-firepower spells anyway. Although we should never let our guard down, it didn’t seem necessary to actively defend the two in the back, so I decided to head straight for Floor 32 without avoiding the monsters along the way.</p>

      <p>We eventually encountered a creature we’d never seen before. It was a crablike being, its spiky body made of crystal just like the others. I hated the creepy, unsettling way it swiveled its lidless eyes to scan its surroundings.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Quartz Cancer: Rank 31</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>There were actually two of them. I probably wouldn’t have been enough to beat back both of them alone, so I decided to engage one and let my companions handle the other. Through Thought Streams, I also prepared <em>Wintermension: Frost</em> in advance, just in case.</p>

      <p>“I’ll do one of them; I’m leaving the other to you guys!”</p>

      <p>The rest of my party finished preparing for battle and voiced their assent. Trusting in my friends, I focused on the enemy before me. The Quartz Cancer skittered sideways just like a normal crab, but even so, its movements were fast and sharp. I went straight past being weirded out and into the realm of afraid. I tried blocking the crab’s pincer with my sword, and it responded with a unique movement, bending its joints in ways not normally possible and deftly catching my blade before attempting to snap it like a dedicated swordbreaker weapon.</p>

      <p>Crystal ground against crystal, filling the Dungeon with a worrisome high-pitched screech. This Quartz Cancer thing had to be a monster that specialized in destroying its opponent’s weapons, and that got me a little panicky; I hardly wanted this gift my best friend had bestowed upon me to be destroyed after a single day.</p>

      <p>Then, with a <em>CRACK</em> like the sound of breaking bamboo, crystal shattered and spilled through the air. The crab’s claw lay in pieces, while the blade called Lorwen didn’t bear a single scratch.</p>

      <p>The Quartz Cancer shrieked in surprise as I swung Lorwen at it. The blade severed its crystal body without resistance, and I watched it fade into light. This really reaffirmed the might of my weapon.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【LORWEN, TREASURED BLADE OF THE ARRACE CLAN】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>A sword fitted with the magic gem of the Guardian Lorwen.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Attack Power 17</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Attack Power corresponds to the user’s Level. The user has the potential to remember the sword techniques of Lorwen Arrace.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Can change shape.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+2.00 to the user’s Earth Magic.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Lorwen had displayed fearsome sturdiness just now, but it wasn’t merely hard or sharp. It also packed a slew of special abilities. I had yet to put it to the test, but it appeared that if I brought out the sword’s full power, I could add a new element to the magic in my arsenal. In this world, people rarely gained new elements of magic, which only accentuated what a rule-breaker this sword was. Looking at its gleaming crystal blade, I smiled. It was like my friend was lending me his strength from beyond the grave. By joining forces with Lorwen, I could slay monsters with ease.</p>

      <p>Next, it was time to see how the team fared with combo tactics. From a cursory look, it seemed to me like those three were cooperating effectively as well. Maria’s fire robbed the crab of its sight and Lastiara used her sword to fend off its pincer. Dia capitalized by blowing it back with a <em>Flame Arrow</em>, knocking it off-balance and leaving it vulnerable to their all-out offensive. It was some fantastic teamwork. Lastiara forced in the finishing blow before doing another little dance-like movement and striking a pose.</p>

      <p>“As long as I’m here, I won’t let you lay a finger on my friends.”</p>

      <p><em>Is she planning to say that every time?</em> It was so mechanical that it might as well have been one of those postbattle RPG victory screens. If she intended to keep doing that, I was keen to advise her to add more variation.</p>

      <p>It was when Lastiara was insisting that her comrades high-five her that I cut in. “Cool, that went smoothly. Looks like we’ve got nothing to worry about.”</p>

      <p>I’d been slightly uneasy about whether Dia or Maria could hack it on Floor 30, but the battle just now told me they were strong enough.</p>

      <p>Dia, by contrast, wasn’t so satisfied. “Urgh, I’m having trouble adjusting my firepower. Not too strong, not too suppressed...”</p>

      <p>Maria was similarly groaning. “I need to add more firepower, don’t I?”</p>

      <p>Apparently, the rear guard had their own worries to contend with.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Maria, how’re you moving the fire around like that? I wanna be able to do that too, if possible.”</p>

      <p>“How? I don’t know what to tell you; I’m just handling the fire carefully.”</p>

      <p>“I’m trying to tell ya I don’t get how to do that!”</p>

      <p>“You’re too sloppy about it. Just calm down and be more meticulous when crafting the spell.”</p>

      <p>“You make it sound so easy! If I could do that, I would!”</p>

      <p>Figuring another fight was brewing, I was about to intervene, but what Maria said next stopped me in my tracks.</p>

      <p>“Still, this is a good opportunity. There’s something I’d like to test out, so lend me an ear, please.”</p>

      <p>“Hm? What’s this about?”</p>

      <p>Maria whispered into Dia’s ear. When it came to battle stuff, those two got along, surprisingly enough.</p>

      <p>Dia grinned toothily. “Wow. Sounds good. Let’s go for it!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I do believe it warrants a try.”</p>

      <p>Between the two of them, it looked like they didn’t need me around to come up with stuff. I decided to respect their autonomy and not say anything.</p>

      <p>Lastiara, on the other hand, got caught up in the moment and interjected. “Dia, Mar-Mar, you oughta just leave everything to <em>me</em>! Thanks to this sword, they’re super easy to take down! The Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword, wasn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’m proud of that baby too.”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t quite on the level of Lorwen, Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan, but the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword was a superb weapon in its own right.</p>

      <p>“I really like it. It’s hard, it’s fast, and it’s sharp!”</p>

      <p>She swung it around, lack of enemies notwithstanding. Which was honestly pretty dangerous, but she had such a mirth-filled look on her face that no one could tell her to knock it off. Through our morning chat, Dia and Maria now knew that Lastiara was younger than they were, and considering she was a three-year-old who had led an unfortunate life, they’d probably end up being lenient with her.</p>

      <p>“Yeah huh. C’mon, let’s just do this thing. Soon the enemies’ll be more numerous. We’re relying on your help,” I told her.</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me. So long as the blade known as I, Lastiara, is around, not one enemy shall pass me...so you two can relax.”</p>

      <p>Once again, she was trying to act cool. The way she was speaking reminded me a little of Lorwen. Maybe she was doing her best imitation of him after seeing him swear his oaths as the Blademaster and as a Guardian. You saw it all the time in young children. I decided to low-key keep watch over her.</p>

      <p>After confirming that battles on Floor 31 posed no problems for us, we proceeded deeper still. Needless to say, we didn’t go out of our way to avoid enemies, as the main objective of this dive was balancing out our levels. If we neglected to level up Maria now, we’d be setting ourselves up for failure in the future. Fortunately, the monsters on Floor 31 shelled out a ton of EXP. Defeating a single one invariably netted Maria about a thousand points, and the amount required to level up after level 10 was still roughly in the tens of thousands, so it didn’t take terribly long. For the most part, Lastiara and I mowed them down with just our swords while Maria and Dia experimented with various spells in the rear (without much to show for it). From time to time, a spell that left me wide-eyed with astonishment came flying at me, but it was never stable enough to last.</p>

      <p>“Dia, magic energy isn’t anything you should compress like that. Please craft it more carefully.”</p>

      <p>“You’re the one who told me to compress it!”</p>

      <p>“But only to a degree. Visualizing the spell in a balanced way is an important part of fire magic.”</p>

      <p>“I keep telling you, adjusting the degree is what’s hard for me!”</p>

      <p>To be frank, I’d been nervous about when a fight would break out, and the fact that Lastiara was watching and taking pleasure in their bickering only fed my anxiety.</p>

      <p>“I suppose it can’t be helped, Dia. I’ll help with your aim and maneuvering through my fire magic, so please just focus on the power and speed.”</p>

      <p>“So we’re going for total division of labor, huh? It’s true that could make things easier.”</p>

      <p>From the sound of it, they were trying to combine their magic into a single spell. I’d known that was possible; the books at the library and the folks at the pub called the technique “resonant magic,” and it was used all the time as a combat tactic by armies and bands of knights and the like. For example, if ten or so mages worked on a single <em>Flame Arrow</em>, they could generate a fire javelin of tremendous size, and there were times when that was more effective than ten mages firing ten <em>Flame Arrow</em>s. Of course, resonant magic did require intercompatibility and training. The way most divers viewed it, any bump in effectiveness they might achieve wasn’t commensurate with the amount of effort it took to learn how to do it. Thus, one didn’t often encounter resonant magic outside of very well-organized groups of people. Incidentally, my joint spell with Reaper, <em>Dimension A Wraith</em>, fell into that very category.</p>

      <p>While Reaper and I were pretty compatible, Dia and Maria’s compatibility remained to be seen, though if they did prove capable of acquiring some resonant spells, it would definitely help out in all sorts of ways. I reckoned that merely experimenting wasn’t a bad thing, so I chose not to butt in.</p>

      <p>While those two continued their trial and error, we reached Floor 32 and elected to take a breather. Since Maria and Dia seemed about ready to level up, we finished doing so after making sure the surrounding area was safe.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Diablo Sith</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 220/232</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 869/989</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Swordfighter</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 15</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 8.61</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 6.99</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 3.80</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 4.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 13.21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 54.76</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 5.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Maria</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 159/203</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 822/945</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 13</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 8.27</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 8.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 6.84</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 4.65</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 9.06</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 48.43</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 4.13</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Dia’s MAG grew at a bizarre rate, same as always, and Maria was beginning to exhibit that abnormal rate of growth as well. I couldn’t imagine Lastiara would say her APT wasn’t up to snuff anymore. In fact, she was now the one with the lowest APT out of us.</p>

      <p>Relieved that the HP of our two rearguard mages had increased, I enveloped Floor 32 with <em>Dimension</em>, using my MP lavishly once again. I didn’t use <em>Calculash </em>in battle, opting to fight with Responsiveness instead, leaving me with MP to spare. That reminded me of the games I once played, where it was common for lower-level spells to become unviable in battle after learning higher-level magic. As the father of <em>Calculash</em>, I felt a little sad.</p>

      <p>The desert was behind us, the floor layout returning to the normal corridors from Floor 28 and back. The walls were still made of crystal, but it was much easier to progress than trudging through a sea of sand. Naturally, it wasn’t identical to before. The ceiling was unusually high, and a thin, majestic river ran through the crystal corridor. The water was beautiful and clear, like this was a mystical Shangri-la, and the crystals sparkling at the bottom were as dazzling to look at as the starry night sky. The number of insect and animal-type monsters was decreasing, the number of flying monsters increasing to replace them—information I shared with everyone in a cold sweat.</p>

      <p>“Flying monsters, huh?” Lastiara’s expression was particularly glum. This dug up memories of the Rio Eagles of Floor 22, against which she’d been ill-equipped to fight.</p>

      <p>“But this time, we’ve got Dia and Maria with us, so...”</p>

      <p>Our party contained more than just swordfighters now. With mages in tow, our ability to deal with problems was far improved. Upon hearing that, the two mages made their excitement known.</p>

      <p>“Please, leave it to me,” said Maria. “I’ve leveled up and am now bursting with magic energy. Plus, my resonant spell with Dia is on the cusp of working smoothly. From here on out, we’ll try handling things without cause for concern.”</p>

      <p>“Let us take care o’ the midair ones! Up ’til now, I’ve been kinda holding back a bit, but it’s time I go all out!”</p>

      <p>I accepted their proposal, partially so as to avoid dampening their enthusiasm. <em>Let’s explore this floor with Maria and Dia in the driver’s seat.</em></p>

      <p>With the two in the rear as the formation’s new core, we started making our way through Floor 32. A large quantity of monsters were flapping their wings in the air. Unable to avoid all of them as we pressed forward, we found ourselves engaged in combat after a few minutes.</p>

      <p>Detecting the approach of the enemy through <em>Dimension</em>, I turned around and shouted, “We’ve got company! Maria, Dia, a bird monster’s com...ing... Huh?” I saw countless fireballs flying about. Actually, they weren’t fireballs, exactly. <em>Are those fire </em>eyes?!</p>

      <p>“Yes. I can see them too,” Maria answered. “Dia, let’s do this as planned. Spellcast: <em>Flame Calculash, Firefly.”</em></p>

      <p>“Don’t gotta tell me!”</p>

      <p>Flames of various sizes flew across the narrow corridor. It was a veritable fireworks display. I was at a loss for words at the sight of what looked like a re-creation of Alty’s floor. The balls of flame soared as if they were alive, hurtling toward the monster I’d detected. Next to Maria, Dia began to craft a spell; it seemed like his entire body was emitting light, perhaps due to the sheer density of magic energy. The colossal swell of it filled me with anticipation. How magnificent a spell was I about to witness?</p>

      <p>Maria kept manipulating her fire, not needing to hear my instructions. It was likely the case that each one of those fireballs had the same effect as <em>Dimension</em>, and the fireballs moved so accurately and unhesitatingly that I was convinced that was true. Then the fireballs changed into rings and began to rotate. The pair crafted innumerable fire rings, which formed neat lines in the air before stretching toward the monster’s location, gradually turning into a cylinder of flame. They’d fashioned a track for Dia to shoot his magic through. Or no, a gun barrel, the muzzle always pointed at the dread bird thanks to Maria’s precision and control.</p>

      <p>Dia completed his spell’s construction at last. “<em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>The light emanating from his form gathered into a point, and he shot it out of the palm of his hand with all his might. That magic laser passed through the guiding gun barrel Maria had composed from fire and pierced the monster, the unimaginable heat melting a hole through the bird’s body of hard crystal. It fell to the ground before it could even see us, helpless before the vicious mega-blast.</p>

      <p>“Nice one, Dia,” I said. “Only, there’s another one right nearby. Let’s take it down too while we’re at it, shall we?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, got it. Let’s do it!”</p>

      <p>Maria was now a specialist in fire magic, second only to Alty herself. In other words, not only did she possess the same ability to detect enemies that I did, she could also guide Dia’s <em>Flame Arrow</em>s.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>The laser bent as it passed through the fire-cylinder, piercing the moving target right through its vitals. This was a whole different beast from the resonant magic I knew of. In fact, neither <em>Firefly</em> nor <em>Flame Arrow</em> was supposed to be this kind of magic to begin with. Both spells had evolved to the point of being unrecognizable, and when skillfully combined, they evolved <em>again</em> into something else entirely, resulting in a spell that was <em>this</em> brutal. It seemed Lastiara’s reaction was much the same as mine; she was watching with her mouth agape.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami, we defeated them. But it seems other monsters are getting closer after hearing its death shriek. I’m sorry.” Since she’d spread out her sense-organ fireballs, Maria had detected the movements of distant monsters.</p>

      <p>Since <em>Dimension</em> had informed me of the same fact, I could tell that her detection abilities were very nearly a match for mine. “Huh? Ah, right. Looks like these things are the type of monster that calls for reinforcements. In which case...”</p>

      <p>I was about to suggest we move, but Dia was war-minded. “All right, Maria and I are gonna cook ’em all!”</p>

      <p>Judging from her expression, Maria didn’t think that was a bad idea. “You’re not wrong. Let’s take our time exploring after wiping them all out,” she said casually.</p>

      <p>“Maria...” I replied timidly. “You can wipe them out?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. Allow me to show you.”</p>

      <p>She smiled reassuringly, but thanks to the terrifying amount of heat that was floating behind her, I found myself unable to smile back. Dia started incanting again, and Maria began creating more flames, which were shaped like neat squares and triangles this time around. She wasted no time compressing the fire until it lost its characteristic wildness, thereby constructing smooth surfaces that resembled reflector boards.</p>

      <p>“Dia, all you have to do is fire. I’ll do the guiding.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Here I go!”</p>

      <p>Countless fire arrows were now floating in Dia’s vicinity. Unlike Maria’s fire, they shone white hot. Before I knew it, Maria’s fire-cylinders had increased in number. This time, the gun barrels were short, but they were pointed at the magic reflector boards.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow: Petalrain!”</em></p>

      <p>Then the formerly stationary white fire arrows all shot out, their speed and heat fearsome to behold. Though taken individually, each <em>Flame Arrow </em>was inferior to a single-shot version, they were still ferocious feats of magic that could be called lasers in and of themselves, and they burst forward like streaks of light.</p>

      <p>The innumerable lasers of white fire, bent by Maria’s cylinders of kneaded flame and at times turned drastically off course by the magic reflector boards, followed their red-fire cousins to assail the monsters that were gathering one after the other. There were more than ten heading this way, but they were all run through by fleeting beams of light and before fading away. They truly were annihilating all our enemies. In the blink of an eye, the one-kilometer radius around us became a monster-free space.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>