<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: The Party Grows</h1>

      <p>Day two of the voyage.</p>

      <p>Hearing myself moan in my sleep, I jumped out of bed. I didn’t remember what had happened in the dream, but the night sweats that covered my body told me it hadn’t been a pleasant one. It felt like I was chasing something... Or was I running away from something? Also, I got the feeling I’d been talking to someone, and someone had been taking me to task...</p>

      <p>I shook my head to clear my thoughts. It was only a dream, after all. It had nothing to do with reality. I opened the curtains in my cabin and basked in the morning sun. That was when I noticed something unusual. My Responsiveness skill detected danger and made me take the optimal course of action—I deployed <em>Dimension</em> to ferret out the source of the danger and found something I wished I hadn’t.</p>

      <p>I exited the room with a furrowed brow and a frown on my face. A short distance away, there she was. Snow, smiling with a gloomy look on her face.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. Heh heh heh heh heh...”</p>

      <p>That stiff rictus was painful to look at. I could infer everything from her palpable depression.</p>

      <p>“Uh, so...you overheard everything yesterday, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...I was a bit concerned, so I overheard using my vibration magic...”</p>

      <p>It seemed that even if Snow’s magic energy was lurking close by, I wouldn’t be able to detect it unless I had <em>Dimension</em> up. Good to know.</p>

      <p>“Well, if you heard the whole conversation, you’ll know we got all psyched up over nothing,” I told her (and myself), my voice strained.</p>

      <p>“But... But at the very least, Lady Lastiara’s a step ahead of me, right?”</p>

      <p>She was quite a bit more than a step ahead, in point of fact, but Snow didn’t need to know that.</p>

      <p>“Nothing’s really changed. We’re still just friends. Yesterday happened because of the situation we found ourselves in, not because I feel one way or the other about Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>After all, if I was <em>allowed</em> to feel that way about Lastiara, I wouldn’t be in such a rough situation. In that sense, it wasn’t a lie.</p>

      <p>After giving me a look that was equal parts sad and chagrined, her expression turned a tad sulky.</p>

      <p>“If, hypothetically, you do like Lady Lastiara that way, it won’t change how I feel about you, I hope you know,” she said, pouting a little. “I won’t give up.”</p>

      <p><em>Snow, Snow, Snow.</em> That reply was more childish than the youngest member of our crew. On the other hand, her saying she wouldn’t give up <em>was</em> a sign of personal growth. At long last, time was starting to move for her again, and she could move forward again. That was the sense I got.</p>

      <p>“Right...thanks.”</p>

      <p>Grateful, I put my hand on her head with a pat. My body had moved on its own, perhaps because she was acting like such a little kid. She looked puzzled for a moment, then smiled. It seemed that while she didn’t really know what was happening, she was happy that I was caressing her, and it was nothing more complicated than that.</p>

      <p><em>She’s really cute when she smiles for real.</em></p>

      <p>At the same time, guilt mounted within me. Reaper’s words from yesterday—<em>womanizers won’t die a peaceful death</em>—sprang to mind, spurring me to quickly take my hand off her. In order to escape Snow’s look of disappointment, I changed the subject.</p>

      <p>“Uh, so, could you stop the vibration magic eavesdropping for me? I don’t think it’s very cool of you to be doing that.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? How come?”</p>

      <p>“How come? C’mon. Everybody’s got stuff they don’t want overheard. You must know that. Reaper and I only use our dimensional magic where necessary.”</p>

      <p>“Huh, really? Well, I’ll consider it, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Please do.”</p>

      <p>Snow was averting her gaze, smiling spinelessly.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, no, she’s not gonna stop. </em>I glared at her skeptically, and she got flustered and started fleeing.</p>

      <p>“Okay, see you later!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on! I’ve got something to tell you up on deck in a second! If you could, tell anybody you spot to come too!” I shouted as she got farther and farther away.</p>

      <p>“Okay, got it!”</p>

      <p>After watching her run out of sight, I walked down the hall toward the deck, and on my way there, I bumped into Dia, who’d just gotten out of bed, as he (she? they?) was exiting his cabin. Dia was a little surprised, then rubbed his eyes before greeting me cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Morning, Kanami! Lovely morning, huh?!”</p>

      <p>“Morning, Dia.”</p>

      <p>His smile was pure, unvarnished. Having gotten a good night’s sleep, there wasn’t a shred of gloom in his expression. Unlike me, with dark circles under my eyes from the lack of shut-eye, he had a pep in his step.</p>

      <p>“So much happened yesterday that I’m hungry as a horse! Yesterday, ol’ Maria said she’d make breakfast or whatever, so I’m kinda looking forward to it. But if it tastes the least bit off, I’ll give her a piece o’ my mind!”</p>

      <p>His smile was so radiant I damn near closed my eyes. He was exhibiting zero trace of ill will or envy now. This was the practically angelic Dia I’d first met.</p>

      <p>“My bad, Dia. There’s something I wanna tell everybody before breakfast. Sorry about this, but could you meet up with the others on deck?”</p>

      <p>“Hm? All right, if that’s what you say, that’s what I’ll do!”</p>

      <p>Dia trusted me completely; he nodded without asking any questions, all but skipping down the hall toward the deck. I was on the verge of tears seeing him with such a song in his heart. Sure, we’d only exchanged a few sentences, but still, our chat had gone without a hitch. Never mind giving me an ulcer, it felt positively refreshing, like he’d just cleansed my soul.</p>

      <p><em>Why can’t everybody be like Dia?</em> <em>Why’s everybody, myself included, gotta be so damn complicated?</em> <em>Then again, this is the same Dia who’s more than capable of the kind of ferocity that razed Mr. Rayle’s mansion to the ground... You know what? Let’s forget about that tidbit for now. I’m just gonna let myself feel moved.</em></p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>