<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1"><div class="main">
      <p>I had no way of fighting it. I failed to sort out my thoughts, and it triggered on me.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The following skill has activated: ???</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stabilizes your mental state in exchange for some of your emotion. +1.00 to Confusion.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>This was the second time I’d lost my feelings for Lastiara. And because it was the second time, I distinctly felt the sensation of a chunk of me being pulled away, unlike the first time, when it had happened unbeknownst to me. ??? had been robbing me of my panic, fear, irritation, sorrow, and other emotions besides, almost like the skill had a will of its own. Activating when the threat of death reared its head made it seem like a cold and calculating machine, but for whatever reason, whenever it took my feelings of <em>love</em> away from me, I could sense a strange sort of <em>human touch</em> to it.</p>

      <p>That human touch was ephemeral, perceptible for a mere moment before ducking back into the recesses of my mind. My brain was scrubbed clean, left blank and free of the doldrums. I lost all that hindered my survival—my infatuation, my panic in the face of death—and ideas for how to break myself out of this underwater battle sprang to mind one after the other. It was a sensation I’d long forgotten.</p>

      <p><em>Augh...I’ve done it now...</em></p>

      <p>Expressionless, I took my mouth off Lastiara’s. With my clarity of thought having been forcibly restored by ???, my mind whispered the appropriate advice: <em>If you craft the strongest spell using the best magic energy, you can prevail</em>. <em>Cut into your life points right now.</em> <em>Losing a bit of HP is nothing compared to dying outright.</em></p>

      <p>It was a logical proposal. And it was true; if I cut into my Max HP to juice <em>Wintermension: Frost</em>, I would doubtless be able to flee without anyone else’s help. I knew that. It was the thing to do. The safest means of survival. If, that is, I intended to save <em>my</em> neck. But no. I’d already decided I wouldn’t choose what was easy over what was right, and I wouldn’t dance in the palm of anybody’s hand either. That was what I’d vowed after all my battles in the Alliance. I was going with my own solution, not the one ??? fed me.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t going to fight alone to escape alone. No. We would fight as a party and we would survive as a party.</p>

      <p>I gripped Lastiara’s hand tightly and chilled her bright red cheeks a little. Taken aback by the sudden cold, she opened her eyes and turned to me. Next, to ask the confused girl for her cooperation, I activated a weak spell that had no meaning on its own.</p>

      <p>The light of understanding dawned in her eyes. She swallowed her emotions and combined her own freezing spell with mine. Since we were underwater, I couldn’t tell her the name of the spell, but we activated our resonant <em>Ice Aegis</em> despite that. The moment we successfully crafted the spell, both the Gulflood Jelly’s tentacles and the boss’s minions attacked. Though we lacked the connecting curse-link that I had with Reaper, we knew what we wanted out of each other regardless.</p>

      <p>With the enemy right before us, Lastiara relaxed and closed her eyes. Trusting in me, she devoted all her attention to the ice spell. Loath to disappoint her, I swung my sword underwater to guard her, keeping her wrapped in my free arm as I fended off the approaching fish with my sword. At the same time, <em>Ice Aegis</em> worked to freeze them solid, little by little.</p>

      <p>That would dispose of the small fry, but not the Gulflood Jelly. Its tentacles weren’t slowed down by being underwater, and they were coming for us. What I did first was communicate with Reaper through our functional telepathy. I put all my emotions into it, screaming for her within my soul, and she immediately picked up on my silent summons.</p>

      <p>Still clinging to the giant wolf, Reaper hastily forged another curse-link, this one with Ms. Sera, before sending me the combined magic energy of two people. My amount of magic energy increased, albeit temporarily. Unsparingly consuming the magic energy of all four of us, I powered up <em>Ice Aegis</em>.</p>

      <p>The spell permeated the surrounding water with magic energy, causing a number of icicles and ice pillars to form underwater. From those structures stretched ice branches, increasing the number of footholds to allow me greater freedom of movement. Naturally, the enemy’s tentacles could easily crush the ice, but that was okay, because that would just cause fragments of the stuff to spread, and all that mattered was that our ice particles ruined the home field advantage the boss had set up for itself.</p>

      <p>The water gradually turned whiter and whiter, like we were caught in a snowstorm. I moved through it by kicking off against the ice footholds, using the floor to run at times. Needless to say, I wasn’t moving as fast as the aquatic creatures, but the jellyfish was slower now too. The ice particles floating in the water had the same effect as <em>Blizzardmension</em>, obstructing the enemy’s movement. We were back to an even playing field.</p>

      <p>The jelly and I faced each other, and then I fought all out, as though it were a Guardian. The water solidified like a slushy sorbet, and my sword, its blade extended by Magic Power Freezing, slashed the entire field, slicing through all of the approaching tentacles and then freezing the wounds closed and preventing them from regenerating.</p>

      <p>Lorwen’s swordsmanship instructed me in how to efficiently hack away at the Gulflood Jelly’s huge form. I swung my sword countless times in a short span, tearing apart the tentacles and slicing at its body, which was around three meters long until I shredded it into less than a tenth of its original size. After being chopped into pieces and eroded by ice magic, the monster was left with no means of protecting its core. As pathetic as it now looked, I swung my sword emotionlessly, and the ice blade sliced the defenseless core in half.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【TITLE UNLOCKED: PASSING ARMADA】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+0.05 to AGI.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The notification accompanied the jelly’s death as it faded into light. The water level abruptly dropped, and the chamber was no longer filled to the ceiling; I swam up to the surface with Lastiara in my arm and allowed her to breathe. She gasped for air, coughing and wheezing and filling her lungs. In the distance, I saw that Ms. Sera and Reaper had emerged, and relief washed over me as I took some deep breaths.</p>

      <p>That had been a close shave. The battle had been so tight that I might have been forced to dip into my life force, but I’d shown ??? how we could achieve a flawless victory. I was positively elated that I’d gotten an even better outcome than what the mystery skill had suggested.</p>

      <p>“You wanted me to lower my Max HP?! Well, I ain’t relying on you anymore, asshole!” I shouted, dressing ??? down as if it were human.</p>

      <p>Then I snapped out of it. It was true that I’d sensed something <em>human</em> to ???, but it was still tomfoolery to treat it like an individual and shout abuse at it. I steadied my breathing and calmed down before looking at all of our menus. I’d only been using magic at full power for a few seconds, but more than half of everyone’s MP was depleted, and most of the magic energy I had gained thanks to Reaper had been spent. Our four-person resonant spell had been powerful, but it had also been extremely inefficient.</p>

      <p>While I was checking my surroundings, the water level dropped all the way back down to shallows-level.</p>

      <p>Lastiara’s breathing was back to normal as well. “I... Sorry, Kanami... It’s all because I got so carried away...” She seemed to think I was angry with her due to my foul language earlier.</p>

      <p>“No, that’s okay. I didn’t shout like that cuz I was pissed at you or anything. It’s just, that emotion-erasing skill activated on me...and I got a bit annoyed with it, you know? You did a great job helping out with the resonant spell in a pinch like that. You really saved us back there.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? That skill activated? Oh damn, it’s true. Your Confusion’s gone up.” Her Pseudo-Divine Eyes let her look at my menu.</p>

      <p>“Not gonna lie, using the question-marks skill in a place like this stings a bit, but oh well. It’s not like it affected me too much, so you don’t have to worry about it.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s good and all, but...more importantly, we, uh...when we couldn’t breathe, a second ago...”</p>

      <p>She was all red in the face. Responsiveness and my dimensional magic were too perceptive; I could tell what she was thinking, the subtleties of her emotions. And at the same time, I was filled with feelings I couldn’t dispel. The situation I’d feared had come to pass—Lastiara’s emotions were in a heightened state due to that kiss, but here I was, unable to share in them with her. While Lastiara was so embarrassed that she could break into a run this very second, I was as calm as a cucumber, as if I were remembering an event that had transpired decades ago. ??? had given rise to a hopeless emotion differential.</p>

      <p>Worst of all, I was beginning to calmly focus on how best to sort the matter out. I’d figured that my feelings for her notwithstanding, I wouldn’t be able to walk the same path as her, but then it had actually happened, and it was even more tragic and woeful than I could have imagined. To be honest, if I thought about it in purely logical terms, I’d have rather liked to pretend that the kiss never happened to begin with. Just like when she and I hugged the other day, I’d have preferred to write the whole thing off with a flippant little “Ugh, circumstances conspired against us again!” But I could never be that heartless. Maybe that would fly with a hug, but this was a <em>kiss</em>. No amount of explaining it away as nothing more than artificial ventilation could disguise that fact. I’d pressed a girl’s lips against mine, and for that, I had to take some measure of responsibility. The values of my world were admonishing me so. My mind was going in circles, and I was at a loss as for how to respond.</p>

      <p>It was then that another voice cut in. “Kanami, you knave! I was watching! I saw you! During the fight, you...you took milady and...”</p>

      <p>An indignant Ms. Sera was now approaching me, splashing across the shallows. She was this close to manhandling me. Her righteous wrath was really saving my bacon at the moment.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Sera, I only did that to save her life. I did it with the purest of intentions. I swear it,” I replied, utterly cool. My response was so nonchalant that it surprised <em>me</em>, and that I could be so cold about it made me frown.</p>

      <p>Lastiara saw my expression and heard my reply. She understood my situation. “Yeah,” she agreed. “What he said.”</p>

      <p>Aware of just what sort of emotions ??? had taken from me, she looked down at her feet, still blushing.</p>

      <p>“If saving lives made kissing okay, I’d do so myself!” shouted Ms. Sera. “How could I possibly believe you had pure intentions?!”</p>

      <p>I honestly wished she would knock me into the air, but sadly, she didn’t go that far.</p>

      <p>Lastiara, however, was able to drown her feelings without the help of a skill like ???. “Serry! He only did what the battle forced him to, so you shouldn’t pay it any mind.”</p>

      <p>How pathetic of me. I was putting all of the burden on her shoulders.</p>

      <p>“With all due respect, milady! You may tell me to pay it no mind, but that’s far too—”</p>

      <p>“Let’s pretend it never happened. It was artificial ventilation, that’s all. The battle called for it. Nothing more, nothing less. Am I clear?”</p>

      <p>“There’s no earthly way I can pretend that didn’t happen! I, Sera Radiant, cannot and will not tolerate such dishonesty!”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Serry, calm down already. That tiny peck was more of a hello than anything else.”</p>

      <p>She gave Ms. Sera a small kiss on the cheek in an attempt to put an end to the conversation.</p>

      <p>“Wh— Woof the?! Milady?!”</p>

      <p>The apple of her eye had just kissed her, sending her into utter confusion as Lastiara continued to brush it all under the rug through excessive physical contact.</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, it’s no big whoop. See? I’m doing just fine.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, milady, but that’s not exactly what I’m talking about. That is, er...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t <em>worry</em> about it, Serry. Hey, you wanna do some artificial ventilation with me?”</p>

      <p>“N-No, that’s not what I mean either!”</p>

      <p>Vowing inwardly that I’d definitely repay Lastiara’s kindness once ??? was gone, I quietly observed from the sidelines. From the look on Reaper’s face, I could tell she’d sensed my situation through our curse-link.</p>

      <p>“Sorry I wasn’t any help... It’s my fault that dumb thing—”</p>

      <p>“No, Reaper, you did great back there. It’s thanks to you we were able to construct a max-power ice spell.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. But starting with the next boss monster, let’s not let our guard down, yeah?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. We all let our guard down with this one.”</p>

      <p>The biggest mistake we’d made was engaging the boss without really giving it much thought. When we wanted to collect high-purity magic gems, we could just obtain some from the bosses on lower-numbered floors, where it was easy.</p>

      <p>“Next time you won’t be so lucky!” said Ms. Sera, whom Lastiara had essentially forced to accept what had happened. And with that, the dive resumed.</p>

      <p>Lastiara was already back to her usual self. “All right, Kanami, shall we?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s go.”</p>

      <p>Owing to ???, I was also back to my usual self. We smiled and laughed as we all started walking at the same time after wringing the water out of our clothes. Our energy was running low, so we evaded enemies as we progressed, and it was perhaps thanks to that change in policy that we ventured deeper by rapid strides.</p>

      <p>After significantly less than an hour of walking, we found the Floor 35 staircase. While that was great, we had no choice but to stop in our tracks.</p>

      <p>At first, Lastiara looked vexed, but then her face brightened up. “We made it to Floor 35,” she murmured. “But wouldn’t you know it? I got a vague feeling it’d be like this when we hit those shallows earlier.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Sera’s expression was gloomy by contrast. “Well, this is a problem. At this rate, we can’t go any farther.”</p>

      <p>I reached for the stairs with my hand and splish-splashed the water. “I could go in alone, I guess.”</p>

      <p>The stairs were fully submerged. Time for a strategy meeting.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, you can’t swim, right?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“It’s embarrassing to admit, but that is correct!”</p>

      <p>“And you can’t either, Reaper.”</p>

      <p>“Nope, I can’t either!”</p>

      <p>“Thanks for the spirited replies, you two. Ms. Sera, your swimming’s more doggie-paddle level—”</p>

      <p>“Call me a dog one more time and you’re dead.”</p>

      <p>“I’m <em>not</em> calling you a dog, but okay.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Sera had been in a good mood from all of Lastiara’s physical contact earlier, but her mood soured instantly. I thought I’d just been laying out the facts, but I guess I could have phrased it better. In any case, the situation made me realize the value of PE as a subject. It was surprising that Lastiara, with her supreme athletic ability, didn’t know how to swim. Then again, maybe that was normal for someone who’d grown up without the sea or any bodies of water, and chances were good that the three waiting on the ship weren’t so different from her in that regard.</p>

      <p>“What say we call it a day? You guys must be tuckered out from the boss fight, right? Let’s tackle the Dungeon after some swimming practice.” We’d just decided not to let our guard down during that boss fight, after all.</p>

      <p><em>Boy, today’s dive was pretty shit</em>, I thought as I turned my back to the stairs and tried to make a <em>Connection</em> portal at the end of the corridor.</p>

      <p>I was solidifying my dimension-element magic energy and constructing the gateway when it happened. I heard a splash behind me. At the moment, all three of my comrades were in view, so I turned around to see who or what had caused that sound.</p>

      <p>“Is that... Is that a <em>person?</em>” I muttered.</p>

      <p>Standing there was a girl I’d never seen. She’d just surfaced from underwater and was buck naked. The fact that there was anyone besides us this deep in the Dungeon was already surprising, but I was <em>not</em> expecting that person to be a young girl. She had her white hair in a ponytail, and likely because of her extremely fair skin, it was difficult to tell where her hair ended and her skin began. She had light-green eyes and lips of a faint cherry blossom pink, but apart from that, she was dyed a solid white, as though she were some art piece. Her nude form reminded me of untrodden snow on a midwinter morning, but at the same time I sensed imminent danger, as if her very presence meant I’d be trampled and flattened.</p>

      <p>Her state of undress made it all the clearer how abnormal she looked. There was just too little meat on her bones. She was as emaciated as an invalid, and from a certain angle, she looked like nothing but skin and bones. However, that didn’t tarnish her looks. If anything, it only enhanced her decadent beauty. But it wasn’t her <em>body</em> that took me aback. It was her face. I gazed at it, captivated. Her features were so attractive, in keeping with the rest of her—and then I felt a sudden sense of déjà vu that had my heart racing.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>