<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1"><div class="main">
      <p>Seeing the sincere look on my face, Snow regained her composure little by little. “Uh, huh. Okay, got it. I knew it; you made a huge mistake in the past. In that case, it’s fine...”</p>

      <p>“Good. For a second, I thought I’d have to have the same conversation with you as the day before yesterday.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, by the way, if you ever do feel like becoming mine, I welcome it with open arms. Unlike Mar-Mar, you telling me that wouldn’t bother me! Far from it. It’d make me super happy!”</p>

      <p>“I see. Got it. You’re incredible, Snow. Makes me wonder what talking your ear off two days ago was even for...”</p>

      <p>“Tee hee.”</p>

      <p>Snow smiled shyly. She didn’t notice my sarcasm and just scratched her head with an expression of complete spinelessness. Now that she had parted ways with the Walker Clan and freed herself from her shackles of many years, escaping the Alliance and its pursuers, she was totally relaxed. I understood how she felt, but she needed to be a little more on her toes. The way I saw it, this was where the real action began. We had a showdown against Palinchron ahead of us. But Snow just relaxed, a gormless smile on her face.</p>

      <p>“So, have you come to, you know, <em>like</em> me?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, no, how could I possibly? Did you think I had? It’s been, like, a day.”</p>

      <p>As her question made obvious, Snow was frighteningly clueless about all things related to romance. I was glad that she was the marriage partner who had been chosen for me when I was missing my memories. If Palinchron had chosen someone who understood men a little more, I might have succumbed to that life of convenience. That was what was running through my mind as I sighed in exasperation.</p>

      <p>Snow trembled with a start, clearly puzzled and sweating nervously. “Huh? Why could that be? Is it just me or are there bad vibes? Ah, I guess it must be what I call you. Maybe I should call you something only I call you, like how Mar-Mar calls you ‘Owner.’”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know what I was expecting her to say, but it wasn’t <em>that</em>.</p>

      <p>“Hrm... H-How about ‘hubby’? Could I call you that?”</p>

      <p>My knee-jerk reaction was, “Nope. Nuh-uh. No way in hell.”</p>

      <p>Why did both Maria and Snow insist on slapping me with such <em>heavy</em> pet names? There was a whole world of safer, more comfortable nicknames out there. Did she <em>want</em> me to dislike her or what? Was it true that she was trying hard to get me to like her? It wasn’t as though I was against the notion of coming to like her but at this rate I didn’t know how I could.</p>

      <p>“What, I can’t? It’s just because I <em>am</em> your fiancée, technically. And I thought, you know, that kinda thing makes sense, considering?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve never once agreed to be your fiancé.”</p>

      <p>“But during your duel with Elmirahd Siddark, you did say something to that effect, right? You stood up for me and it was so ridiculously cool! My husband!”</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re right. It’s all coming back to me. That was when my brain fog was the worst, so I’d forgotten—no, I <em>wanted</em> to forget...”</p>

      <p>“You ought to at least take responsibility for that much. If a suitor ever appears for me, I intend to tell them I already have a fiancé named Kanami!”</p>

      <p>“I did make a whole grand declaration out of it during the Brawl. I guess there’s no real taking that back. Dammit!” I rued the day I had done something so stupid in front of so many eyes.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, resign yourself to it, hubby.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Ms. Snow. Let me get away with vetoing ‘hubby,’ at least...”</p>

      <p>I bowed my head without hesitation. It would simply be too untenable. It wasn’t just for my sake; it was to keep the peace. Think about it: starting tomorrow, everyone on the ship would see Snow calling me her “hubby.” The temperature aboard would drop instantly, that much was certain. Naturally, various things would catch fire. First, Maria would fight back and insist on calling me “Owner.” Lastiara, tickled pink by the situation, would add fuel to the fire by saying something like, “Until the last minute! Wait until the last minute!” If that happened, Dia might get caught up in it and end up doing something bad. Ms. Sera, Lastiara’s knight, definitely wouldn’t be on my side. If our voyage turned that disastrous, there was a possibility that my good friend Reaper would become disgusted and bounce. Without her, the only person with common sense, the ship would become a powder keg with no fire retardants around. The ship would be as good as sunk. It’d catch fire and become so much driftwood.</p>

      <p>“For real? It’s <em>that</em> taboo?”</p>

      <p>“You can’t. Please, Snow. I fear for the ship. Like, for real. It’ll sink on day one.”</p>

      <p>The urgency in my voice must have made it through to her, since she acquiesced. “Hmm, guess it can’t be helped. Looks like if I say it too much, I’d be putting you out. Okay, I’ll stop. I do want you to like me.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, so, about that... Just to make sure—you’re not lying, Snow? You really do want me to like you, right? I’m easily duped when it comes to this sorta thing, so throw me a bone here.”</p>

      <p>“Of course I’m telling the truth! Just like Mar-Mar, I love you so much I could die! You’re the only one for me, Kanami!”</p>

      <p>“Uh...thanks...”</p>

      <p>She told the object of her affection point-blank that she loved him without batting an eyelash. Although you might not think it, Maria was a shy person, so her declaration hadn’t been quite <em>that</em> direct.</p>

      <p>After her sudden, formal love confession, Snow eyed me expectantly. Maybe she wanted me to give her declaration a response. It seemed that after listening in on my chat with Maria, she was thinking she should strike while the iron was hot and presume upon my benevolence.</p>

      <p>I chose my words carefully. “I’m sorry, Snow. Forgive me, but until I reach my number one goal, I don’t think I can come to grips with your feelings. That’s how little time or energy I have to spare right now.”</p>

      <p>“Your number one goal... You mean your real sister, right? The person who made you say you don’t care if you die if it’s for her sake...”</p>

      <p>“Right. I’m seeking the deepest level of the Dungeon for my sister. I’ll tell you all the details tomorrow, but I need to achieve that mission. A love affair’s just not in the cards.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, got it.”</p>

      <p>I communicated my sincere feelings, and Snow nodded. My persuasion skills were definitely improving. I wasn’t repeating the same mistakes over and over again. I was about to wrap up our conversation there when she cut me off, her smile cheery as a sunflower.</p>

      <p>“So in other words, if I reach the deepest level of the Dungeon before you, you’ll become mine? Judging by what Mar-Mar said, that’s what you’re getting at, right?”</p>

      <p>“I mean, you could do that, but let’s not be like that. Also, are you seriously still aiming for <em>that</em>?! What happened to the determination you showed two days ago?! The oath you swore?! You’ve barely changed at all, Snow!”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, I’ve grown a <em>little</em> bit. Like, this much maybe?”</p>

      <p>She indicated a length of about a centimeter with her index finger and thumb. Much to my shock, my stirring speech from two days ago had moved the needle by one measly centimeter.</p>

      <p>“Damn, people don’t change that easily, do they?”</p>

      <p>“No, they don’t. So let’s take it nice and slow, Kanami,” she said with an amiable smile. “From what I can tell, you seem super flustered and impatient. I’d like it if you relaxed and let the tension out more; otherwise, you’ll make me all antsy too.”</p>

      <p>Snow saw into my inner state more than anybody else had. She’d spent a long time with my amnesiac self. Back then, I’d had room to breathe. Compared to the me she knew, I probably seemed mighty anxious and impatient. My memories returning meant remembering all of the many errands on my plate. Of course, being too impatient would never lead to the results I wanted.</p>

      <p>“You’re right. I’ll try to take things a little easier. Thank you, Snow.”</p>

      <p>Ever since the Brawl had ended, I’d thought of nothing but Palinchron. At this rate, I’d get such tunnel vision that I’d end up tripping over myself again. It was something I wouldn’t have been able to notice without the insight of another.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s just relax. Personally, I feel like voyaging the seas for a year or so. Leave Palinchron and stuff on the back burner and just...coast.”</p>

      <p>“That’s <em>too</em> relaxed,” I said. While amazed by just how constantly she was on the search for any chance to slack off, I was still smiling.</p>

      <p>“But you do realize what a pain in the butt antagonizing Palinchron will end up being? How about we just tour the world instead?”</p>

      <p>“For your information, Palinchron’s fused with the Guardian Tida’s magic gem; he must be extremely strong now. When we battle him, I’m enlisting your help.”</p>

      <p>“Hngh? But I’m keeping an eye on the ship. I’ll do my best here and see you off.”</p>

      <p>“We can hire people to guard the ship. By all means, feel free to join us.”</p>

      <p>“Against a Guardian, you’ll understand if I’d very much like to refrain...”</p>

      <p>It appeared as though Snow wasn’t feeling up to fighting Guardians. I recalled something similar being said during that time with Maria too.</p>

      <p>“Are you really that scared of Guardians?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. In the past, I experienced a horrific tragedy thanks to Tida, so...”</p>

      <p>It seemed the source of her fear was none other than that damned battle junkie. There had to be a time in the past when Snow was Dungeon diving. Maybe Tida had picked a fight with her, just like he did with me.</p>

      <p>“No, you know what? I <em>will</em> try fighting. I get the feeling that if Tida is involved, that’s all the more reason I can’t allow myself to run away. I’m sure that if I don’t fight, I won’t be able to take the next step forward in life.” She was scared, but she made this declaration with a stiff upper lip. Snow wouldn’t have had the strength before. Though the going was slow, she was moving forward, and that was a relief to see.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be counting on you when the time comes, Snow.”</p>

      <p>“You can count on me, Kanami. From now on, we’re comrades on equal footing.”</p>

      <p>Snow extended a hand. It was the promise she’d made during the Brawl. I grasped her hand. Nothing made me happier than the fact that I had a dependable partner at my side.</p>

      <p>“Cool, I’m glad to hear it! Thank you, Snow. I’m gonna go hit the hay now.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, goodnight.”</p>

      <p>I walked out of the room with her and waved goodbye with a smile, watching her leave from outside the door. Then, I used <em>Dimension</em> to watch her go back to her room and fall asleep.</p>

      <p>Instead of going back to bed, I walked around the ship. There was something I wanted to think about, partly because I was wide awake now anyway. I mulled it over in my head as I walked down the dark wooden hallways. Usually, I was thinking about the Dungeon or Palinchron. But not this time. Following Snow’s advice to relax, I cast my thoughts to a more pleasant topic—for you see, there was something I had come to realize.</p>

      <p>It had never occurred to me before because of the unique situation of being in a different world, but it was extremely important. I’m referring to the fact that in my sixteen years, this was the first time girls had confessed their love to me. Not only that—she’d said “I love you so much I could die” directly to my face. My heart beat faster and my blush wouldn’t go away.</p>

      <p>I was only barely past the puberty line. I had a fair amount of interest in girls, and if a cute girl approached me, I got all riled up. If someone confessed to me, there would have been no way I could fall asleep after that, no matter how tired I was physically. I held on to a faint dream with regard to the opposite sex. Strangely enough, back in my world, I’d only rarely interacted with girls my own age. For some reason, it felt like the only person of the opposite sex in my world was my sister, Hitaki. Yet in the span of a few weeks after I arrived in this world, two cute girls had confessed to me.</p>

      <p>Honestly, I’d half believed the whole love confession phenomenon was an urban legend to begin with. I thought it only existed in fiction like TV shows or video games. At least in my school life, there wasn’t a lick of such a thing.</p>

      <p>I could sense my walking speed increasing. I was also aware of the heavy responsibility all this had put on my shoulders. From what fiction had taught me about love confessions, I knew that if someone was rejoicing, somebody else was shedding tears. Choosing one person meant rejecting the others. But that didn’t mean going without choosing forever was a good option either. I’d consumed enough creative works to know that a bad ending always awaited any protagonist who wavered and couldn’t choose where to stand. The longer I put it off, the more the accumulated feelings of love and hatred would fester and make things worse. It was crucial for me to nip this brewing romance tangle (or whatever you’d call it) in the bud as soon as I could.</p>

      <p>That was the conclusion I came to. And I’d made up my mind—I was going to give both their love confessions proper, concrete replies. That would be the best way to minimize the resulting sorrow, and it never hurt to start early. It was incumbent on me, Aikawa Kanami, to make it clear who I liked. By doing that, I could show everyone a new future. Maria and Snow would be able to give up on me and look for someone else to love. They’d come out of it less hurt, their time less wasted. Naturally, they may not be able to accept it at first, but I was sure that if I communicated sincerely, carefully, and patiently, they would understand in the end. Neither Maria nor Snow was the exact same person as before. Our chats earlier had confirmed that they had gotten at least that much stronger. If I tied this up quickly, I could go back to fully concentrating on the Dungeon. Moreover, it would reduce the psychological vulnerabilities Palinchron could exploit during our battle. It was nothing but upside. What a thing of beauty it would be.</p>

      <p>I got the feeling I was thinking such crazy stuff because so much had happened today that my brain was fried, but even so, I started deliberating, giving what would make for the best ending my undivided attention. Who did Aikawa Kanami like the most? I pondered as I walked through the hallways. There were no sources of light inside the ship. As I ambled through the darkness, I drew my conclusion.</p>

      <p>“Who could it be? Hitaki’s my sister, so obviously not. Come to think of it, did I not have a single crush back on Earth? There must’ve been somebody. What, for real? I...can’t think of anyone. All right, then, who in this world am I the most attracted to?”</p>

      <p>There was only one possible answer, really.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara?”</p>

      <p>The one I was into the most was Lastiara Whoseyards. The time we’d spent together on the eve of the Day of the Blessed Birth had made that clear. I clearly liked her that way. That was the reason I’d raided the cathedral and whisked her away. But thanks to ??? repeatedly disintegrating and reconstituting that crush of mine, it wasn’t able to retain its original form. The anger I’d felt had certainly remained, but the kind of crush that set my heart racing had been stripped from me, leaving my native feelings as a husk. On an intellectual level, I knew that I liked Lastiara romantically, but my emotions couldn’t catch up. I just couldn’t bring myself to believe that I was truly infatuated with a girl who was such a nutso.</p>

      <p>“Urgh...I’ve got it worse than I thought. This is bad...”</p>

      <p>No matter how hard I thought about it, the feelings that emerged were more anger than love. Anger at the ??? skill that tampered with my emotions outstripped my crush. Other issues remained as well. My main goal was to put my romance problem in order, and the ideal solution was for me to become romantically involved with someone, but I doubted Lastiara harbored any romantic feelings for me. She was a three-year-old homunculus. Anybody would assume that she must be at a stage where her emotions were still underdeveloped.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>What to do, what to do? My own feelings of love and Lastiara’s were too ambiguous, too fuzzy for me to really understand.</p>

      <p>“Guess I’ve got no choice but to ask her.”</p>

      <p>I’d learned my lesson—acting early was best. I’d also vowed that I would never lie to myself again, as well as rely on my friends more. I changed course to Lastiara’s room. It was time to talk to her and find out. That way, I wouldn’t regret my inaction later on.</p>

      <p>I walked briskly and arrived in front of her door. Then, after taking five or so deep breaths, I knocked.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, it’s me. I’ve got something to talk to you about.”</p>

      <p>“Hrnh? You can come in.”</p>

      <p>She sounded sleepy. After hearing her go-ahead, I wasted no time entering. The thought that I was walking into a girl’s room made my heart beat a little faster, but it was only her first day there.</p>

      <p>I looked around the room to find it had the bare minimum of furniture like mine did, without any girly features. Sitting in the chair at the wooden desk, Lastiara was writing something with a quill, illuminated by the light of the candle. Even in a dim room, her inhumanly good looks stood out. In particular, her shining golden eyes and long sparkling hair emitted more light than the candle did. Just by sitting there, she exhibited the power to transform the world around her into something magical.</p>

      <p>I turned red in the face and my heart beat faster. Don’t get me wrong; I’d already gotten used to Lastiara’s insane gorgeousness. What had gotten to me was the sight of her with her outerwear off. She was in her undergarments. She didn’t seem to care, however, so I tried not to pay it any attention.</p>

      <p>“What’re you writing?”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. I was hoping you’d ask. It’s my memoir. Once I’ve written a sizable enough chunk, I’m planning on making it into a hero tale or some such one of these days.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, sounds like you’re having fun.”</p>

      <p>“So in order to record the adventures of Lastiara the Great for posterity, I figured why sleep when I could be writing?”</p>

      <p>“You mind if I look at what you’re writing from over your shoulder? I can also tell you what I need to tell you later.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, sure, absolutely.”</p>

      <p>She furrowed her brow as she kept on writing. I watched her words from behind. Her personal account was better written than I would have expected. One could call it a hero’s autobiography for sure.</p>

      <p>Time passed at a leisurely pace while I watched her write, and the silence wasn’t awkward when I was with her. Just being with her was enjoyable in a way. It was weird; the time I was spending alongside her felt neither long nor short.</p>

      <p>Eventually, she stopped writing. “Phew! Finally made it to the next stopping point!”</p>

      <p>“Good work.”</p>

      <p>She got up and rolled her shoulders to loosen up. She looked a bit tired; looking closely, she had faint circles under her eyes. They were marring her supreme beauty. She also looked a tad unsteady on her feet. And this was Lastiara we were talking about; she was made of tough stuff.</p>

      <p>“Are you tired, Lastiara?”</p>

      <p>“Well, yeah, a wee bit.”</p>

      <p>She sounded tired too. I didn’t know what to do. Maybe I shouldn’t make her even more tired by discussing such a taxing topic. I did want to get the bare minimum off my chest, though. The reason she was so drained was because she’d been fighting continuously since the end of the Day of the Blessed Birth, and I wished to apologize for putting her through that.</p>

      <p>“It’s just...about the Day of the Blessed Birth...”</p>

      <p>“What, that? This isn’t about the Brawl but the Rite of Resurrection?”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Lastiara. I made so many promises to you at the cathedral, but in the end, I was unable to fulfill any of the stuff that was on me. I’m truly sorry.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, no need to apologize. People can’t do everything they set out to do. So what? You’re not the mythical hero who always saves the day, right?”</p>

      <p>Her smile made me a little nostalgic. Her cheer had always saved me from despair.</p>

      <p>“That’s true...I’m not the hero.”</p>

      <p>“You’re not, no, but you did do your best to serve me as the protagonist of my story. You taught me to be me. I’m really, really grateful for that!”</p>

      <p>“But after all that, I wasn’t able to protect you from your Whoseyards pursuers. I promised I’d repel your enemies, but I didn’t even come close to—”</p>

      <p>“According to our little contract, your job was to give me a fun time. I never asked you to play the hero for me. If anything, being a hero is my job, so don’t take that from me, thank you.”</p>

      <p>I realized she didn’t want an apology from me, so I calmed my mind and nodded. “Gotcha. All right, I won’t say sorry anymore. I’ll just express my gratitude. Thank you so much for everything.”</p>

      <p>I understood now. To her, it was natural for us to help each other, given we were friends and allies, so an apology wasn’t what she needed. Lastiara seemed satisfied with my thank you, though. We smiled placidly at each other, and time passed as we smiled in silence. It felt nice. I knew it; I was the most relaxed when I was around her.</p>

      <p>That was the thought running through my mind when Lastiara’s expression suddenly turned impish.</p>

      <p>“Ah! Come to think of it, when you were missing your memories, you promised that you’d do anything I wanted, right?! Remember when you and that Lorwen guy went to register for the Brawl?”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? I promised I’d do whatever you said?”</p>

      <p>I dug through my brain, and to my chagrin, she was right. I had indeed made that promise. Back when Lorwen and I had registered for the tournament, Lastiara and I had made a bet over what action I would take after the Brawl ended.</p>

      <p>“We made a bet on whether you’d rescue me from Valhuura, remember? Oh dip, I totally won that bet, didn’t I? Because I’m, like, here?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, okay, you won the bet, but...isn’t this kind of underhanded?”</p>

      <p>“No takesies backsies! A promise is a promise! All right, let’s see, what’ll I have you do?”</p>

      <p>The peace of mind I felt around her was evaporating. Recalling her track record made my head hurt.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, can’t seem to think of anything...”</p>

      <p>“If that’s the case, how about we pretend it never happened?”</p>

      <p>“No. Wait. I’ll come up with something!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara looked flustered as she racked her brain. I was in a cold sweat. There was no way anything that was coming out of her mouth wasn’t something unholy.</p>

      <p>“Er...I know. How about you come give me a hug?”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, what? A hug?” I was a little taken aback. Her demand was so wholesome.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, let’s just, like, embrace. Hold each other tight, like this,” she said earnestly, miming a hug. “See what happens. You know, like how the protagonist of the story hugs the heroine?”</p>

      <p>“But why?! Why a hug?!” This was hardly like her.</p>

      <p>“How should I put it... It’s a scene that happens in every hero tale. I’m gonna write hero tales of my own one day, so I’d like to try it at least once.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, it’s reference material for a story, huh?”</p>

      <p>My eyes fell on Lastiara’s work on the table. It sounded like writing was one of her dreams. If this was to help her realize that dream, I wasn’t quite as shy about it as I would’ve been otherwise. It was still embarrassing, though. I hesitated, not knowing how to reply, and she looked a little disappointed.</p>

      <p>“If... If you don’t wanna, I won’t force you to...”</p>

      <p>“I never said that. If it’s just a hug, I don’t mind. If it’s just a hug, it’s fine! It’s fine if it’s just a hug!”</p>

      <p>I was so frantic, I surprised myself. I just hated to see that sad look on her face. My emotions were calm while we were apart, but when we spoke right next to each other, I could feel my emotions swelling.</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to psych yourself up like that! We’re just testing the waters. That’s all.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s just a test. Let’s do it as a test.”</p>

      <p>The two of us calmed down. This was just a test, we agreed. I extended my hands as I told myself that. Lastiara looked nervous. Gently, I hugged her to my chest.</p>

      <p>“Ah...”</p>

      <p>She gasped, almost inaudibly. Though that un-Lastiara sound surprised me, I put my left hand behind her head and pulled her in closer. It was too embarrassing to stare at each other, so I avoided that by bringing her head side by side with mine. Now that we were ear to ear, we could hear each other’s heartbeats. I hardly knew how to give a good hug, but I mentally rifled through creative works I’d seen in my world and did my best to accurately recreate the sort of scene from heroic tales Lastiara desired.</p>

      <p>I could feel the heat of her body through her palms and torso. The smell of her hair tickled my nostrils, and the beating of our hearts reverberated through each other’s bodies. Because we were both so lightly dressed, our skin was in constant contact, and hers felt smoother than silk and softer than marshmallows.</p>

      <p>Since we were hugging, her chest was pressed against mine. Every time I heard her breath in my ear, I found myself picturing her beautiful lips in my mind. My blood flowed faster, my heartbeat kept on growing louder and louder. Gradually, little by little, my heartbeat...</p>

      <p><em>Damn. Any more than this and ???’s gonna activate.</em></p>

      <p>I’d gotten caught up in the moment and experimented with this hug, but I was at my limit now. I was about to detach from her when she said, “Now I don’t feel so lonely, maybe.”</p>

      <p>Her voice was calm as a still lake. She sounded so very relieved, as if she had weathered a terrible storm. I’d never heard that tone in her voice before. I ended up not pushing her away. It was then I realized that she had been pushing herself harder than I thought. While she’d laughed off my apology, it didn’t change the fact that things had been pretty rough for her.</p>

      <p>I hugged Lastiara tightly again. If this was enough to give her some much-needed peace of mind, then I ought to hug her real real close.</p>

      <p>Lastiara slowly exhaled, murmuring, “Finally... I guess this is the happy ending for the first chapter of my story.”</p>

      <p>She leaned all of her weight into me. That was the moment her long battle finally came to an end. Realizing how harsh her battles had been, I decided to keep her in my arms, fraying all my nerves to will ??? away. I wasn’t going to let anything get in the way of this.</p>

      <p>Time continued to tick by as we embraced. It was a time of quiet, peaceful beauty that couldn’t possibly be measured, subtle yet profound.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“No worries. This is no skin off my back.”</p>

      <p>Having sufficiently decompressed, she moved away from me a little. I was reluctant to let the sound of her heartbeat go as she pulled away from my embrace. Our faces were now inches apart, and when we perceived each other not through our heartbeats but visually, we snapped back to our senses.</p>

      <p>I had only intended to briefly “test the waters” with a hug to fulfill a silly promise I’d made, but once it was over, we both realized that we’d been hugging each other like lovers. Lastiara’s eyes widened and her ears turned bright red. I was probably reacting much the same.</p>

      <p>“Er, uh...I wonder what it is? Seeing people hug is fine, but doing it yourself is intense!” She averted her gaze; she’d begun to distancing herself from what had just happened.</p>

      <p>Of course, I was all too happy to cooperate by piling my own excuses on top of hers. “Right?! They do it all the time in stories, but after you finish the hug, you end up feeling weird! Guess that’s what our little <em>test</em> revealed, huh? Well, we tried it out!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you’re right, it was just an experiment! Boy, now I know, this isn’t the kind of thing you do even as a test!”</p>

      <p>“You said it!”</p>

      <p>After that, we couldn’t find anything else to say. By the way, we were grabbing each other’s shoulders, our faces bright red. I knew that I wouldn’t be able to calm down unless I broke away, but I felt like if I moved now, I’d explode. I didn’t know what to say to initiate our separation. I had no idea what to do next. I didn’t understand a single solitary thing. And Lastiara was most likely in the same boat. This time, the immeasurable stretch of time was just awkward. A long time passed, and the candles placed on the table in the room began to flicker. Just when it looked like the candle was about to expend itself, Lastiara could no longer hold back.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is this?! What’s going on right now?! What <em>is</em> this?!”</p>

      <p>Her face turned red like an apple and she shook my shoulders vigorously. I wanted to scream too, but I couldn’t. Not when ??? was creeping up right next to me. If I let my guard down in the slightest, it would activate. It was so close that I could be sure of that. I concentrated on keeping my raging emotions in check in order to protect the spark of the feelings that I was finally starting to regain, but it was taking everything I had to do so, leaving me unable to move a single step or speak a single word.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>