<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“What circumstances?”</p>

      <p>“Initially, that ship approached to negotiate with us under the guise of a merchant ship, but...the moment their representative saw me, a child, they shifted gears and attacked.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Really?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, really!” said Maria, raising her voice. It seemed she was more than a little shocked by my lack of trust.</p>

      <p>“They were those sea dogs called ‘pirates,’” said Lastiara. “We’re closer to a war zone now, so it’s only natural we get more such winsome folks. Mar-Mar did keep her word to you, you know—with the people who attacked us this morning; she made them turn tail by threatening them with fire. But around noon, a different pirate ship came for us. I’m guessing the ship we scared off leaked intel on our position to their buddies. Since they assumed we’d ‘take it easy on them,’ they’d have kept attacking us. Especially since the only crew on our ship was three young girls. Anybody would think we were prime prey. Doing as you told her put poor Mar-Mar in a fix, so I made the call to give her permission. ‘Let’s burn the ships of any future bozos who come for us,’ I said! ‘Make an example out of ’em!’ Mar-Mar agreed to that suggestion wholeheartedly! Her frustration was piling up, see. So that’s what happened!”</p>

      <p>“You guys have got scary amounts of grit if that was all it took to start burning ships, but...I get it. Your hands were forced.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t need Thought Streams to pinpoint what had caused this. It was all because I’d been so naive. Maria had tried to follow my unrealistic orders to the best of her ability, forcing Lastiara to step in to protect her. Ms. Sera had also come to the conclusion that Lastiara’s orders made more sense than mine. I might have been right in strict moral terms, but when it came to everybody’s safety, I’d been dead wrong. That was all there was to it.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry I yelled at you two. I was in the wrong, not you.”</p>

      <p>I’d reacted as though there was no way I could have been in the wrong. What a fool I was. I found myself hanging my head a little.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Lastiara!” said Maria. “You need to break it to him more gently than that! Don’t you know him?! He’ll get it in his head that anything and everything is his fault!”</p>

      <p>“But them’s just the facts...and that <em>was</em> me breaking it to him gently.”</p>

      <p>“No, I heard everything you said. You emphasized ‘take it easy on them’ to trip him up with his own words. That definitely wounded him; he’s sensitive like that.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, if I don’t make it clear enough, he’ll never learn from his mistakes. This is <em>Kanami</em> we’re talking about...”</p>

      <p>How pathetic must I have seemed in Maria’s eyes for her to fuss over me like that? Actually, I was even more shocked that this was what they thought of me. It seemed Maria was concerned about my tendency for self-flagellation.</p>

      <p>I didn’t want her to worry about me and replied accordingly. “Thank you, Maria. You don’t need to defend me. It’s true I messed up, and I’ll reflect on where I went wrong, but I won’t torment myself over it, so don’t worry.” Still, for the sake of balance, I also chided them. “That said, you guys should reflect on setting fire to that ship. Anybody would get bent out of shape if they got back with everything reduced to a crisp.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right. I suppose torching it was going too far after all,” said Maria meekly. “There’re a lot of other ways to make sure they can’t stay a-sea.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara, by contrast, was the same as always; after seeing that the mood in the air had lightened a little, she tried to make the atmosphere cheerier still. “Nice,” she said jovially, “that’s settled! And I’m thinking back on my past actions too, a little! So, how’d the Dungeon treat you guys?”</p>

      <p>“We reached Floor 37, but it’s underwater too, so we came back before we tuckered ourselves out.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then maybe we can make it to Floor 39 tomorrow?”</p>

      <p>“I think we can probably make it there, yeah.”</p>

      <p>Soon we’d arrive at Floor 39, where we planned to do some level grinding. Plus, the ship was drawing quite close to the mainland now; it might even make landfall tomorrow or the day after.</p>

      <p>Lastiara listened to the progress report with a sober look on her face. “Smooth sailing, huh? Then I’ll join tomorrow’s diving party. I’ll be there for the finish!”</p>

      <p>She was upbeat and forward-looking to the core. I’d been striving to be like her, but it seemed I was no match for the OG font of positivity. The slightest bump in the road never failed to put me in a negative mood. With a sigh, I course-corrected my thoughts just like Lastiara had.</p>

      <p><em>We’re doing great. We’re forging ahead smoothly. We’re legit doing great...</em></p>

      <p>I repeated that mantra in my mind. Then we decided we’d rest early today and prepare for the next day’s dive. Snow seemed addicted to fishing now; she’d cast a carefree line alongside Reaper. Meanwhile, Lastiara was helping Maria and Ms. Sera with the housework. And once again, Dia went to bed before the sun had even set. She was dozing quietly, just like Wyss in a cabin not far from hers. Maybe voyages at sea were too unfamiliar and she was getting exhausted faster.</p>

      <p>Perhaps all the Dungeon dives day after day were taking their toll on me too, because I also turned in early that day. As I descended into the pit of slumber, I dreamed that same dream.</p>

      <p>Another night of dreams. Another night of memory consolidation, operating as smoothly as clockwork.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The morning after the burning of the pirate ship, before the sun was even up, Lastiara’s cries echoed round the deck.</p>

      <p>“Ugh! They just keep on coming!” she griped, pouting like a little kid.</p>

      <p>She then sat in a seat on the deck and whammed her forehead onto the table. From her demeanor, I could sense she was quite determined not to let it happen again, and I could hardly blame her. Anybody would get frustrated and annoyed after being roughly roused in the morning.</p>

      <p>I was in much the same boat; I wasn’t <em>tired</em>, but I was groggy and a bit sluggish for it. As for why we were up while the sky was still dark? Pirates. Pirates had launched a surprise attack and fired cannonballs at us. Lastiara and I had had no choice but to drive back the approaching ship even as we rubbed the sleep from our eyes.</p>

      <p>Maria poured some black tea in front of the slumped-over Lastiara. “Thank you for your hard work, Ms. Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>There was a beautiful tea set spread out on the desk. <em>Since when do we have a luxury tea set on the ship? </em>They’d probably swiped that stuff from yesterday’s pirate ship.</p>

      <p>Enticed by the smell of the tea, Lastiara lifted her head. “Bloody hell,” she said, her vulgar words belying the dainty and elegant way she put the cup to her lips. “Is this happening ’cuz we’re close to a war zone?”</p>

      <p>“It must be,” replied Maria. “I think the closer we get to the mainland, the more of these scuffles we’ll have.”</p>

      <p>“If they’re gonna keep waking us up, maybe we oughta change course.”</p>

      <p>“Or maybe I’ll serve as the night watch from now on?”</p>

      <p>“No, I don’t wanna do that to you, Mar-Mar. It’d be bad for your skin.”</p>

      <p>The two were discussing what to do about the night attacks with serious looks on their faces. Meanwhile, I lacked the fundamental knowledge necessary to contribute to the discussion.</p>

      <p>“Uh, remind me, the mainland we’re headed to right now’s currently at war? That’s why there are lots of bandits?” As somebody from another world, I couldn’t avoid asking the most basic of questions.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami...I <em>know</em> you can’t help it, but it’s just so pathetic to hear someone ask that,” said Maria, aghast at my ignorance.</p>

      <p>It seemed even small children knew what I didn’t. “F-Forgive me. I didn’t wanna ask about the war if I could help it since I don’t want anything to do with it. That’s why I don’t know much...”</p>

      <p>“That’s an understatement. You don’t know the first thing about it, more like,” Maria fired back, admonishing me for being so choosy about what I learned.</p>

      <p>“I mean, I was planning to stay within the Alliance, so I figured I didn’t <em>need</em> to know...”</p>

      <p>“You really hate wars, don’t you, Mr. Kanami? But you’ll be treading mainland ground now. You’re <em>going</em> to hear about the war whether you like it or not. Wouldn’t it be wise if you received a briefing about it ahead of time?”</p>

      <p>“All right, in that case, why don’t I ask you to fill me in? So, uh, what’s the scale of the war they’re fighting, and where’s it happening? I honestly don’t even know <em>that</em> much.”</p>

      <p>Astounded though she was, Maria was conscientious in her explanation. “The ‘mainland’ we’re headed to, the formal name of which is Varences, Birthland of the Founders, is the largest continent in the world. It’s split between north and south, and the largest war in the world is being waged between them. Actually, Vart proper is right at the forefront of the battleground.”</p>

      <p>The largest war in the world? If I didn’t know a thing about affairs that big, I couldn’t be surprised if folks regarded me with contempt.</p>

      <p>“What’s driving the war? Is it your usual racial conflict between humans and demons or something?” That was what it was a lot of the time in fantasy fiction.</p>

      <p>“No, there’s no racial component to it. It’s a territorial dispute between humans: the army of the alliance where Levahnism is the main religion versus another, different confederation of countries. Nowadays people just call the forces of one ‘the Southern League’ and the other forces ‘the Northern League.’ On the streets, they call it what it is—‘the Border War.’”</p>

      <p>“So it’s Levahnites versus other countries? Does that mean it’s a religious war?”</p>

      <p>Hearing it was humans fighting each other saddened me a little. Sure, that was how it was in my world too, but for some reason I’d wanted this world to be different in that respect.</p>

      <p>“No, religion isn’t one of the causes. There are Levahnite countries in the Northern League too. There are no clear-cut causes for the war. It basically just started one day, and then the grudges and resentment have kept it going. In reality, all of the countries involved are in it for their own interests. That’s, I suppose, the long and short of it.”</p>

      <p><em>Their own interests, huh?</em> If anything, that only made the war even more hollow and pointless.</p>

      <p>“Or at least, that’s how it’s <em>generally </em>understood,” said Lastiara, former holder of a key position within Whoseyards. “It looks like the Alliance top brass have been wanting a specific area of land in the Northern League for ages and ages. Apparently, they’ve been picking a fight with the Northern League since a thousand years ago to get their hands on it.”</p>

      <p>Here she was, leaking the strategic aims of the allied forces of the Southern League like it was nothing. She must have had occasion to talk to the higher-ups on account of her position. It sounded like a state secret that would get you assassinated if you learned about it, but it was something else she’d said that caught my attention.</p>

      <p>“A thousand years ago...”</p>

      <p>To me, the motives fueling the Alliance or its wars were almost entirely somebody else’s problem. I was more fascinated by the idea that all this had been going on for over a millennium. That meant it probably had something to do with the birth of the Dungeon or its Guardians.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’m told there was a battle not unlike the Border War a thousand years ago, and that started it all. Pious Levahnites <em>really</em> know how to hold a grudge over it, let me tell ya. The war they’re waging now might be something like an extension of that one. But when you talk about history a thousand years back, the details get passed down to the present day in the form of what’s all but myth and legend. Reading literature from a thousand years ago is wild; we’re talking ‘such and such cracked the ground with a finger flick’ level.”</p>

      <p>“So there’s no accurate documentation of stuff that happened because it was a thousand years ago, huh?”</p>

      <p>It was the same as when I’d hit the books to learn about “the Reaper.” The texts I’d found were so absurd as to be untrustworthy.</p>

      <p>“Actually, it’s not so much because it happened a thousand years ago. Apparently, it’s more because the war didn’t end so favorably. The winning move a thousand years ago was the magic circle the enemy side’s Apostle used. And because that circle swallowed up living things across the whole continent, very few people know the details. Let’s see... If I recall, the death toll on both sides was ultimately around ninety percent, I think.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, <em>ninety</em> percent?”</p>

      <p>Ninety percent killed. No normal war would ever yield a death toll that insane. The war would end before it ever reached such extreme numbers.</p>

      <p>“Ninety percent’s a lot, right?” she continued. “That’s, like, world-collapse level. That’s when they say the Apostle of truth and justice, plus Saint Tiara, took down the enemy Apostle who wanted a global collapse. War ends, everybody’s happy, hip hip hooray. Or so the story goes.”</p>

      <p>That was how the end of the war a thousand years ago was recounted today. If that didn’t sound suspicious, I didn’t know what did. And if that story was to be believed, these ‘Apostle Sith’ and ‘Saint Tiara’ people raked in a total victory, after which Tiara founded a whole-ass religion before attempting to resurrect herself. Judging by her intention to cling to life, I didn’t feel like she would have represented history very accurately. If anything, it made me think that what actually happened was that they chewed through ninety percent of their own forces in order to force a win. And what if even that figure was underselling it? Could it be that “ninety percent”<em> </em>was painting a rosier picture than the reality? I had a hunch that the war a thousand years ago ended not with ninety percent dead, but a hundred percent. That is, absolutely everybody died apart from Saint Tiara and the Apostle Sith, who twisted history to suit their needs.</p>

      <p>Lastiara saw the grim look on my face and inferred what I was thinking. “I get why you’d think that, Kanami,” she said with a wry smile. “But Levahnites believe this version of history from the bottom of their hearts, so don’t pick it apart too much, okay? To the people of this day and age, the Church of Levahn’s a well-crafted religion to abide by.”</p>

      <p>Levahnism <em>had</em> to be worthy of respect if Lastiara, whose life had come this close to being forfeit due to its teachings, was talking it up. In fact, were it not for having to rescue her from it, I might have come to that conclusion myself. After all, back when I’d first stumbled into the Dungeon and was about to die from poison, it had been Levahnite knights who’d saved my life. Moreover, judging by how Mr. Hine had lived his life and how Ms. Sera lived hers, the religion’s teachings couldn’t be all that bad. In addition, none of the allocutions I’d heard forced anybody to do anything. Rather, they stated what they felt the proper path in life was.</p>

      <p>“That may be true, I guess...” I didn’t have any grounds to argue back, so I reluctantly accepted her remarks.</p>

      <p>“Now, normally, the details of how the Church came to be and the truth behind what happened a thousand years ago would be lost in the shuffle...but not <em>this</em> time! Because who should we happen to have with us but a great and learned scholar who knows about the state of affairs from back then! Take it away, Professor Reaper!”</p>

      <p>Reaper had been in a nearby seat nodding off. She snapped to attention with a start. “I dunno. I was playing with Lorwen the whole time, and before I knew it, I got swallowed up by the earth, so I don’t know much! Come to think of it, that was a war, huh? I just realized, thinking back on it. The end!”</p>

      <p>“That’s a shame! Thank you anyway, Professor!”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t ready to drop the subject. There had to be more I could ask her. It would derail the conversation even more, but this was my chance to ask. “Hold on, wait a sec. Tell me, Reaper, have you heard any of the following four names before? Tida, Alty, Tiara, Sith.”</p>

      <p>“Hm, no, never heard of any of them.”</p>

      <p>“None of them? Even though Tiara, at least, should have been famous a thousand years ago?”</p>

      <p>“In both the north and the south, some person I’ve never heard of was on the throne. At the very least, I don’t think I’ve ever heard a name like <em>Tiara.</em>”</p>

      <p>A discrepancy in the legends surrounding the Church had come to light. Leaving enigmas like Tida and Alty aside, it was weird that she’d never heard of such eminent figures in the Church’s history like Tiara or Sith.</p>

      <p>“Okay then, were there any notably strong people besides Lorwen? They might show up down the road as Guardians.”</p>

      <p>“They flung me at Lorwen the moment I was born. I really don’t know anything. Sorry, mister.” She clasped her hands apologetically.</p>

      <p>“Nah, <em>I’m</em> sorry. I’m asking unreasonable questions.”</p>

      <p>It seemed she, too, understood that if she had more memories of that bygone era, they might prove handy in Dungeon diving. She grimaced, trying to remember something useful. “Ah! I know who was strong—the caster who created me! If they do end up showing up, it’d probably be as the Thief of Space’s Essence.”</p>

      <p>She was speaking of the dimensional mage who had created the Reaper curse. The mage who had decided Reaper’s fate, creating her specially to engage Lorwen in a fight to the death.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t say I had a very good impression of this individual. “What kinda person were they?”</p>

      <p>“They had a short fuse, and they were real scary. About the only other info I know is they were a dimensional mage like you. They had a mask and stiff clothes, so I don’t know what they looked like.”</p>

      <p>A mask? That word made my blood run hot. I got the feeling that I’d seen someone similar in a dream the other day.</p>

      <p>“A mask... Do you at least know their name?”</p>

      <p>“No, they launched me at Lorwen before I could ask, so I dunno.”</p>

      <p>I dropped my shoulders in disappointment.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know of any masked figures appearing in Whoseyards’s traditional history,” said Lastiara. “If <em>you’re</em> saying they’re strong, Reaper, then I’m sure they must’ve been a cut above the rest. I guess those in power really will bend history to suit their purpose given a thousand years of time, huh?”</p>

      <p>And now that twisted version of history was taught in this world as general education. I needed to learn more about this stuff before we reached the mainland.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, could you tell me more about this ‘traditional history’? If the war a thousand years ago is connected to the current one, I’d like to know about it.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I don’t mind, but considering what Reaper’s told us, you realize the info’s got, like, zero legitimacy, right?”</p>

      <p>“I just wanna hear what people ‘know,’ so that’s fine.”</p>

      <p>“Huh. All right, then; I’ll blitz through all the important bits.” She cleared her throat and started rattling off the narrative like she was reading aloud. “Our story begins when two shady-sounding beings called Apostles descend from the heavens to lead the world to peace. The continent sees more and more prosperity thanks to these two, but then for some reason one of them turns traitor, working with the mad monarch in the north to make the world all messed up. So the remaining Apostle of justice, Sith, works with Saint Tiara to unify the people of the south and present a united front against the Northern League. That’s the main thread of the lore.”</p>

      <p>The second she’d said they’d come down from “the heavens,” I figured it was pure myth, but I kept listening patiently.</p>

      <p>“The Northern League was up to their eyeballs in monsters. They had treefolk so huge they could trample a country underfoot, undead whose throngs could cover the continent like dark clouds, ice snakes that could freeze all they touched, et cetera et cetera. But Saint Tiara was so strong she could knock those things out with a fingertip. What’s more, her moral character was so sickeningly virtuous that, for some reason, everything she beat up ended up becoming friends with her.”</p>

      <p>The scale of the enemies had to be a joke, and no saint powerful enough to defeat such monstrosities could be human. If I’d heard all this back when I’d first arrived in this world, I’d have snorted at the idea. But not anymore. This wasn’t somebody else’s problem, not when I knew the monsterified Lorwen and Alty, among others. If, hypothetically, it had been the Maria or the Dia I knew today, I wouldn’t have been surprised if they’d shown up in this story.</p>

      <p>“So Saint Tiara kept making allies out of the enemies who barred her way and drove the forces of the Northern League to the wall. Then she defeated the mad monarch and tried to persuade the traitor Apostle Diplacura to give in. The traitor was a bad loser, though, and she sacrificed her life to activate a fiendish magic circle in order to lay waste to the whole continent.”</p>

      <p>The magic circle that had supposedly swallowed everything up. That had to be behind Lorwen and Reaper getting thrown into the present era, right? Lastiara’s tale did line up with what Reaper had said here and there, as if the story itself were insisting it wasn’t a lie.</p>

      <p>“That magic circle drew the war to a close. Although many precious lives were lost in the struggle, the great Saint Tiara and the Apostle Sith did their best to reconstruct civilization on the continent. Saint Tiara laid the foundations of magic and founded Levahnism. The Apostle Sith, meanwhile, brought together the heroes she’d fought alongside as she traveled far and wide, working miracle after miracle for the masses. Thank you, oh, thank you so very much, Saint Tiara, Apostle Sith! Hip, hip, hooray!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara’s explanation was pretty broad, but I got the gist. Before I could convey my thoughts, she continued.</p>

      <p>“Whaddya think? Ludicrous enough for ya? And that was me making it more digestible too. If I got into the nitty-gritty, you’d hear stuff like how Saint Tiara used a single finger to slice through a tree so giant it pierced the heavens.”</p>

      <p>She seemed to be having fun telling me all this. The tales passed down the centuries were a hit with her.</p>

      <p>“It certainly ain’t serious,” I replied.</p>

      <p>Clearly, there were tons of stories about Saint Tiara being superhuman, which was understandable—who else but a superhuman could defeat all those crazy monsters from a thousand years ago? But in my honest opinion, those weren’t the only “monsters” in the stories. Saint Tiara and the Apostle Sith were plenty monstrous themselves, and I reckoned that had implications for us too. If we continued to grow stronger at this rate, there was a good chance we’d reach the same heights. I didn’t think becoming stronger was a bad thing, but the idea that we could level up just by fighting lots of battles in the Dungeon was so...</p>

      <p>A voice from behind suddenly said, “It’s written all over you, lad. You’re thinking, <em>What’s this mean for me?</em>”</p>

      <p>I turned around to see that Ms. Wyss and Dia had emerged from inside. <em>You don’t see that pairing every day,</em> I thought to myself as I stared.</p>

      <p>“I’m good at holy healing magic too, so I felt like looking after her. Plus, I asked for her advice on a bunch of stuff,” Dia explained.</p>

      <p>Lastiara wasn’t the only one aboard the <em>Living Legend </em>who could patch someone up. Dia was also an expert at magic. Lastiara had probably asked Dia sometime the day before to check up on Ms. Wyss. I could also see why Dia would ask for her advice; Ms. Wyss did exude a mysterious sense of security and wisdom. It was the same sense of security you got when receiving the counsel of a venerable and honorable knight a generation older than you.</p>

      <p>Now that I understood why they were together, Ms. Wyss picked up where the conversation had left off. “What are your impressions of the story Ms. Lastiara just told you, lad?”</p>

      <p>“My impressions? Well, I thought it was a bit too ridiculous. I can’t believe all that happened...”</p>

      <p>“I don’t doubt it. I don’t believe those tales either, but I’m sure you in particular don’t want to.”</p>

      <p>She’d changed my “can’t believe” to a “don’t want to,” a small but meaningful smile on her face. How was I supposed to take that remark except as a “I see how anxious it makes you”? That anxiety that if we kept on getting stronger and stronger, we’d eventually turn as downright inhuman as those legendary figures from history.</p>

      <p>She smiled reassuringly. “It’s okay, lad. What happened a thousand years ago won’t happen now. It’s not the same; I know it.”</p>

      <p>I could tell from her expression that she said that out of consideration for me and that she meant no harm. But at the same time, I figured that was awfully precise wording. It was like she knew everything there was to know about both now and back then. I wondered what she was hiding, and I ended up slightly narrowing my eyes at her in a bit of a glare.</p>

      <p>She gently changed the topic. “Now then, lad, I hear you’re tackling the Dungeon again today. Are you making it to Floor 40 soon?”</p>

      <p>She must have had no intention of talking about it until the time came, so I figured pressing her would be pointless.</p>

      <p>“Yes. We’ll probably reach Floor 40 soon. Possibly today.”</p>

      <p>“Then I suppose I’ll tell you everything I know. You should be able to get there relatively quickly that way.”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure? You’re Dungeon diving rivals with our party, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>“That’s all right. Cooperation is vital in all things, after all.”</p>

      <p>She whipped out a brush, some ink, and some parchment paper, then explained the information she had on the floors up to and including Floor 39. All of that information was gleaned from her own experiences, and it was nigh priceless.</p>

      <p>“Therefore,” she continued, “Floor 39 is definitely where you’ll have the easiest time monster hunting. And it’s great that you can make Floor 40 into a rest zone on account of Doctor Ide’s absence. It’s a pleasant, grassy field, so you could even have a picnic there...”</p>

      <p>She went as far as giving us her suggestions for the optimal place to carry out our objective (level grinding), as well as information on Floor 41.</p>

      <p>“That’s the extent of what I’ve seen, so that’s about everything I can tell you. You’re better off with good swimmers in your party for that section. Oh, but I can’t come, mind you. Even after getting a day’s rest, I only recovered enough to be able to walk around and hold a conversation.” Ms. Wyss had a certain air that communicated that she <em>would</em> have helped out had she been in fighting shape.</p>

      <p>I took her advice to heart and considered who to take with me. Dia raised her hand to cut in.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Kanami, but I can’t come today. Lately, things have been getting me all exhausted, and I’m weirdly sleepy. Besides, somebody should be around to treat Wyss in case something happens to her.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Yeah, of course. That works. Spend the day relaxing on the ship.”</p>

      <p>From the members of yesterday’s party, Dia had the most trouble swimming. Underwater Dungeon diving when you only had one nonprosthetic arm must have been extremely draining.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami,” said Maria, “I’m no good at swimming either, so I’ll stay too. Please leave any hostile pirate ships to me. I’ll drive them away <em>politely</em> this time.”</p>

      <p>“Makes sense. You shouldn’t have to strain yourself by joining the dive when we’re going through the underwater section.”</p>

      <p>With those three out, that limited my options. Lastiara, who was right beside me, was champing at the bit to participate, but I wanted two other people. I deployed <em>Dimension</em> across the whole ship, searching for the dragonewt who hadn’t even come out when the ship was attacked—or should I say, the dragoNEET. It was making me waste MP before the dive, but the cooperation of someone who was strong in underwater battles was indispensable. I caught her running from place to place before sunup and added both her and the kindhearted and hardworking Reaper to the day’s party before activating the <em>Connection</em> portal leading into the Dungeon. This marked our fourth dive since the sea voyage had begun. Maria and Ms. Wyss saw us off from the deck, and the four of us passed through the gateway.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>As we were grasping the tendencies of the Dungeon more and more, we were able to explore it more efficiently, and this underwater zone was no exception. The basic battle strategy was simple: lean on Snow, who was formidable in underwater battles, and make use of Reaper’s magic to avoid encounters.</p>

      <p>We spent the morning making it back to the point where we’d finished our dive last time and entered the next underwater segment, Floor 37. We were fully prepared this time around—I was less fatigued and had twice as much air in my inventory today. Furthermore, I knew where to go thanks to Ms. Wyss’s information, and perhaps our careful and conscientious preparations were paying off, because we were able to swim through Floor 37 completely safely.</p>

      <p>The only difference compared to Floor 35 was that there were more obstacles caused by aquatic plants. As we descended to Floor 38, we were first surprised by the changes in the corridors. Similar to some of the earlier floors, the corridors were submerged in shallow water, but plants were growing in clusters on the surrounding stone walls, not unlike a tropical rain forest. The sheer impact of having to go underwater had dazzled me, but the number of plants had certainly increased a handful of floors ago, and it was that proliferation of plant life that was the most conspicuous feature now. I hadn’t seen an area with a lot of greenery in the Dungeon since Floor 1.</p>

      <p>With a new world sprawled before us, Lastiara was hyped up. “Wow! It’s chock-full of plants I’ve never seen before! Wonder what kinda monsters we’ll run into?!”</p>

      <p>I admonished the girl who’d probably stray out of sight the moment I took my eyes off her. “Lastiara, don’t touch the plants. And no wandering around. Also, we’re not making any detours. We’re following the route Ms. Wyss told us to.”</p>

      <p>“I know, I know. The plan is to train on Floor 39. I can hold off on adventure for one measly floor.”</p>

      <p>I was relieved to hear that. “All right, good. Now then, let’s go with the usual tactics for this floor too.”</p>

      <p>A cursory <em>Dimension</em> scan told me that the number of aquatic monsters had decreased and the number of plant monsters had increased. Plant monsters generally had poor mobility. In terms of simply avoiding enemies, you could say that Floor 38 was easy street. Even if we did bump into a surprise encounter somehow, we had Reaper’s darkness magic to easily get us out of such a jam. Consequently, we reached Floor 39 without a hitch.</p>

      <p>On Floor 39, the greenness was brought to the fore even more; it was a small forest now. The number of plants had doubled, while the water level at our feet remained the same. Almost everything was a deep, dark green, and vines and ivy lay every which way I looked.</p>

      <p>“Phew. We’re finally here. All right, let’s hunt us some monsters, shall we?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s GOOO!” Now that she could go hog wild, Lastiara drew her sword with enthusiasm.</p>

      <p>Before she started running, Reaper and I scanned the surroundings for enemies. The structure of Floor 39 was quite similar to the special subarea of the very first floor, except there were fewer insect-type monsters than expected. The lion’s share of monsters were plantlike. There were flowers that scattered poisonous pollen, others with gaping, Venus flytrap-like mouths, and trees that dripped with viscous sap, in addition to a wide variety of other plants that were wriggling...and walking.</p>

      <p>It was a strange sight. Of course, some of the things didn’t move, probably the types of monster to disguise themselves as harmless-looking flora to strike the unsuspecting. Even with the observational power of <em>Dimension</em>, it wasn’t possible to see through their mimicry so easily. These monsters looked to be nuisances for sure, though the ones that concealed themselves were a good matchup for me. With my menu-sight, I could never mistake a monster for a normal plant, so as long as I spared no effort, the danger was close to zero for me.</p>

      <p>“Okay, so, let’s do as we planned and find out how strong each species is and how much EXP it yields. You guys take down the monsters; I’ll handle the enemy detection and tallying.”</p>

      <p>“Yes! It’s slaughter time!” cried Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“Uh, right!” said Snow.</p>

      <p>“Let’s do it!” Reaper agreed.</p>

      <p>Our first encounter was against a huge red flower reminiscent of a rafflesia. The monster’s name was Stru.</p>

      <p>“Everybody, hold your breath while fighting it!”</p>

      <p>The Stru spread its pollen as soon as it saw us. Its movements reminded me of the Poison Salamanders of Floor 24, so I instructed everybody to avoid breathing in the pollen. The Stru then adapted by swinging its vine, but it was a bad matchup against us. The three enemies it faced all specialized in close-quarters combat, and its vines were sliced to pieces in the blink of an eye, allowing us to approach.</p>

      <p>Unable to respond to the slashes coming at it from three directions, the Stru’s petals were torn off and its stem snapped at its base. Up until now, monsters would fade into light and disappear if we crushed its head or heart, but it was difficult to tell whether the plant-adjacent creature had been defeated. It was no longer intact, but it was alive enough to keep spreading its pollen. Only after it was chopped into more than a hundred pieces did the Stru finally turn into light and vanish into nothingness. It had fought valiantly, but the battle was over before it began. It was probably a monster that weakened its enemies with its pollen before attacking, and unfortunately for it, I’d been able to spot it beforehand with my menu-sight, preventing it from playing to its strengths.</p>

      <p>Ms. Wyss had been right: Floor 39 was a fantastic hunting ground. It was a high-level floor, so all the monsters were strong in their own right, but most of them specialized in camouflage and surprise attacks, and my detection abilities could negate those strategies.</p>

      <p>“Not bad, not bad. What say we keep on hunting monsters here? Let’s find out what the easiest prey among them is and kill them in droves.”</p>

      <p>My companions all seemed to be thinking the same thing, so they were down for that. They slew one plant monster after the next. Another great thing about this floor was that enemies didn’t gather together or mob you when you defeated one. Though that made our pace slower, it also made for risk-free level grinding. I thought Lastiara would complain about the systematic nature of it all, but not so. She looked fairly happy about getting a chance to fight so many different kinds of enemies.</p>

      <p>We’d already spotted the staircase leading to Floor 40 but continued to fill in the map, searching for our ideal hunting grounds. Needless to say, we avoided bosses via <em>Dimension</em>. Even the battle-loving Lastiara didn’t get out of step, possibly because her mistakes while fighting the Gulflood Jelly still stung.</p>

      <p>We spent several hours slaying monsters. Having eaten through both our stamina and magical energy with the continuous battles, we decided to aim for Floor 40 to take a breather, just as planned. While hunting, we’d filled out most of the map of the floor, so we arrived in front of the stairs in no time.</p>

      <p>“According to Ms. Wyss, there’s no danger, but let’s not let our guard down getting there.”</p>

      <p>We carefully descended to Floor 40, staying cautious all the while. The farther down the stairs we walked, the more the deep-green color of the walls faded, going from dark to normal to yellow-green. The dense forest was displaying brighter and brighter hues.</p>

      <p>And the world that greeted us beyond those stairs?</p>

      <p>It was a great plain. There were no obstacles in sight, and blades of grass dozens of centimeters high lay beneath our feet. It did feel a little humid, but that was about it. This was a world devoid of any threats.</p>

      <p>A cool breeze caressed my cheeks, making me feel at ease. It was an extremely different vibe from the scorching hell of Floor 10 and the gemstone flower garden of Floor 30. There truly was nothing here. Nothing and no one. You could easily grasp the entirety of the chamber from end to end with a single sweeping glance. The Guardian of Floor 40 was nowhere to be found either. The place was deserted.</p>

      <p>“Urgh,” said Lastiara. “Looks like it’s true—Wyss did awaken the Guardian before us.” She sighed. “Damn, they beat us to it. I’m a bit disappointed.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I welcome it. There’s no reason we need to defeat all the Guardians to get to the deepest level. That other party can keep the Thief of Wood’s Essence as far as I’m concerned. That way, I can take things easier.”</p>

      <p>That was my honest opinion. With both Alty and Lorwen, I’d had to run around like an errand boy to clear their lingering attachments. I wanted to focus on Palinchron at the moment, so this turn of events suited me just fine.</p>

      <p>“It does make things easier, but still...” she replied, long in the face.</p>

      <p>Of course, there was no shortage of downsides—for example, the Guardian’s magic gem. If we obtained the magic gem of the Thief of Wood’s Essence, we could acquire a power potent enough to shake the world. Then again, overcoming a Guardian’s trial and laying hands on one was no mean feat.</p>

      <p>For some reason, I got the feeling that this was okay. I didn’t know why, but my hunch was that in the end, clearing up the attachments of the Guardians was my duty. I also figured I had to go out to meet the lord of this great plain. <em>I</em> was the one who should lend an ear to his desires first. The idea clung to my mind and wouldn’t let go.</p>

      <p>I shook off those bizarre thoughts and called for everyone to take a breather. “Don’t fret over it, Lastiara. It’s going according to plan. For now, just think about resting up.”</p>

      <p>Taking Ms. Wyss’s advice to heart, we made something of a picnic out of it. I retrieved the snacks Maria had made us from my inventory, and we sat down on the grass and partook together.</p>

      <p>“Ah, hey, mister,” said Reaper after a while. “It just occurred to me—if you and me aren’t on the ship, maybe it’s gonna veer off course?”</p>

      <p>For the most part, she and I handled the management of the ship, so it seemed a low-key sense of responsibility had formed within her.</p>

      <p>“I checked this morning, so it should be fine. If it does veer off, we can course-correct. I asked Maria if she could look at stuff while we’re gone, so...if nothing goes awry, we’ll probably reach the mainland tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>“Tomorrow, huh? We managed to get to Floor 40 already, so I guess we really are on track.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. We’re on track,” I repeated. “The plan’s working.”</p>

      <p>We were happy that the voyage and Dungeon diving were going well. I broke into a smile, then I caught myself and focused my mind once more. I was keenly aware that it was at times like this, when everything was working out, that we had to be the most vigilant.</p>

      <p>Once we finished eating, we exercised caution and made the most of our time, going back to Floor 39. Today, we planned to level grind as much as time allowed. I suffused the corridors with <em>Dimension</em> and searched for slow-moving plant monsters, which we slew carefully and discreetly in turn. We did get attacked several times with status effect-inflicting moves, but Lastiara’s holy magic could always heal us barring anything crazy happening.</p>

      <p>As a result, hunting on Floor 39 only required a smattering of <em>Dimension</em> and holy magic. Combined with the menu-sight and Swordplay skills we had on hand, we needed nothing else. We were able to continue hunting like clockwork for a long time with minimal magic energy consumption. Whenever we got tired, we just took a break on the utterly deserted, threat-free Floor 40.</p>

      <p>Our party hunted, hunted, and hunted monsters. Our cue to wrap it up was a slight drowsiness; when Reaper yawned adorably, we came to the conclusion that everyone’s concentration was waning.</p>

      <p>“Let’s call it a day, guys. We’ve got an early start tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>I placed a <em>Connection</em> gateway at random, and we passed through it and returned to the deck of the ship, where the sky was dark and the only light was provided by the moon and stars. It was night already. After everyone on board enjoyed a nice dinner, I returned to my cabin as usual and went to sleep as usual. All that would differ from the norm was our plan for the next day. I would sleep, I would dream, I would wake up, but this time, when I woke, I’d be on the mainland: a fresh new battleground.</p>

      <p>I was sure that society there would be completely different from what I was used to with the Dungeon Alliance, but I was able to fall asleep peacefully nonetheless. We had used our time during the voyage well, exploring plenty of the Dungeon and thoroughly preparing. The personal growth that accompanied the realization that everything really was going smoothly washed away my anxiety.</p>

      <p>I would be able to face that fateful day in the best possible way I could think of.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Early the next morning, I woke up and came out onto the deck of the ship by myself. I wasn’t up so early because I couldn’t get any sleep; if anything, you could say I was in top form because I had slept so soundly. Far from languid, I was feeling positively light on my feet.</p>

      <p>“There it is.”</p>

      <p>Under the sky, the sun’s rays were just beginning to radiate out. I hit the edge of the deck, spotting a landmass far in the distance, which traced a thin, jagged line between the calm blue sea and the placid white sky. Those had to have been the continent’s towering mountains. As the ship drew closer, the jagged line grew thicker, bigger, until gradually, we were close enough that I could call it a proper block of earth as opposed to a mere hint of one on the horizon.</p>

      <p>We were finally here.</p>

      <p>Breathing in the fresh early morning air, I clenched my fists. Just the thought that the enemy lurked somewhere on this continent made me tense up. Soon we would meet our nemesis. Soon we would meet Palinchron.</p>

      <p>I stared at the continent floating on the horizon, the fight that awaited us weighing on my mind. Then I tightly gripped the hilt of the sword hanging at my waist and vowed to myself that I would <em>not</em> lose.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>