<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Friction</h1>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Sera Radiant</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 269/269</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 109/109</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 6.61</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 8.24</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 9.54</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 11.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 5.74</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 8.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.57</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Intuition 1.77</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 2.14, Holy Magic 0.90</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>After looking at Ms. Sera’s stats, I relayed our plan of action to all assembled.</p>

      <p>“Could you please leave it to me and Lastiara for now? We’d like to test out the results of our training first.”</p>

      <p>Neither Reaper nor Ms. Sera had any objectives in the Dungeon, so they didn’t dissent.</p>

      <p>“’Kay,” said Reaper. “I’ll watch.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll think only of how to protect milady and Reaper.”</p>

      <p>We walked through Floor 31 with me and Lastiara at the front, searching for an easy kill. We soon found a single small monster that had strayed from its swarm.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Crystal Ant: Rank 26</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>You often saw them on floors above this one. <em>Dimension</em> granted us the initiative, and we incanted from a little ways away.</p>

      <p>“Flamespell: <em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>“Quartzspell: <em>Quartz Parallax!</em>”</p>

      <p>Flames raged from within Lastiara’s body, transforming into a bird of fire and swooping in for the attack. Unlike a normal <em>Flame Arrow</em>, the flame glided through the Dungeon as if it were alive. The Crystal Ant walking along the corridor noticed the flying death flames and lowered its diminutive frame to try to dodge it.</p>

      <p>“Ha! I was waiting for that!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara raised her right index finger and brandished it like a conductor’s baton. Then, like a trained pet bird, the flames began chasing the Crystal Ant. It was a splendid display of spell-steering.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t let her show me up. I gouged the sand beneath us with Lorwen and suffused it with earth-element magic energy. As the sand I’d sent flying turned into crystal, I molded it into sharpened stakes. The bullet crystals whizzed toward the fleeing Crystal Ant.</p>

      <p>Even while dogged by the two separate spells at the same time, the ant persevered by way of its astounding physical capabilities. It dodged the firebird, saw the bullet crystals coming, and hurried away on its many legs. But this was less a case of how nimbly it could move and more a case of how insufficient our spell-steering had been.</p>

      <p>We poured more power into our magic as we groaned. I upped the number of bullet crystals and she divided her firebird into two, blocking the ant’s path of escape. Only then did our spells successfully hit it, but even so, they failed to crack its sturdy armor. It was slightly singed and thin stakes were stuck shallowly into it, but that was all.</p>

      <p>“Why you... <em>Flame Cutter!”</em></p>

      <p>“Ugh, let’s finish it off! <em>Quartz Bullet!</em>”</p>

      <p>I let my magic energy do the talking, adding even more in. It wasn’t terribly mature, but it didn’t look as though we could take the thing down otherwise. This time we went for spells that were all about sheer attack power. Sharp bladelike flames and highly penetrative pyramid-shaped crystals flew through the air. We landed direct hits on the Crystal Ant, which had slowed down due to the damage from before. But it <em>still</em> wasn’t enough. Not only was our spell-steering not up to snuff, but it didn’t pack a punch.</p>

      <p>We <em>had</em> powered up through yesterday’s training session. If an ordinary mainland mage had witnessed us in action, they would probably have fainted at the sight of our insanely advanced magic. But we were facing a monster on a floor over 30, well beyond the point humanity had ever ventured before. This wasn’t going to be easy.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Cutter! Flame Cutter! Flame Cutter!”</em></p>

      <p><em>“Quartz Bullet! Quartz Bullet! Quartz Bullet!”</em></p>

      <p>We resorted to rapid fire. Whittled away by our carpet bombing, the monster faded into light and died. Dripping with sweat, we wordlessly picked up its magic gem and attempted to resume the dive.</p>

      <p>Reaper casually voiced the taboo thing to say. “Uh, wouldn’t it have been faster to just cut the thing?”</p>

      <p>She pointed out how fundamentally wrongheaded we had been. After a moment of hesitation, all we could do was nod, visibly disappointed.</p>

      <p>“Yes! We should have!” said Lastiara, throwing a hissy fit with tears in her eyes. “But we wanted to be mages today! I wanted to blow all the enemies to smithereens like a mage can, okay?!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, right, gotcha... So you wanna fight using magic. In that case, how about Sera and I lure the enemies away so you can take your time and weave your spells from behind?”</p>

      <p>“Okay, let’s do that.”</p>

      <p>As she consoled Lastiara, Reaper pulled her black sickle from thin air. “All right, miss,” she said, addressing Sera. “Help me out.”</p>

      <p>“Sure. Let your big sister lend you a hand. Oh, Kanami. Look over there a second.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Sera responded to Reaper’s request with kind eyes...or rather, <em>indulgent</em> eyes. I’d had this impression for a while now, but she clearly had a soft spot for cute little girls. She was so soft on them, it was bordering on criminal.</p>

      <p>I turned away as ordered. <em>Dimension</em> detected Ms. Sera taking off her maid outfit, so I dispelled it immediately. The sound of the rustling cloth was enough to make any guy blush. Then came the crack-crack of metamorphosing flesh and bones.</p>

      <p>Reaper spoke next. “You can look now, big brother. Hold on to her clothes and weapons for her.”</p>

      <p>I turned to look, and there Ms. Sera was, in wolf form. It seemed she’d gotten serious about this. I put her maid uniform in my inventory, and then we changed our formation.</p>

      <p>“Now then, this time Sera and I will form the front, ’kay?” said Reaper, who was positively lousy with borrowed experience, handing out orders without hesitation. “I’ll use <em>Dimension</em> to detect enemies instead of you, so you two stay back and focus on your magic.”</p>

      <p>Our dive resumed, and we traversed the sea of sand that was Floor 31. Before long, we encountered a new monster; a large spiderlike foe appeared before us. However, from its slender body and smooth, fluid movements, we realized it was no spider. It more closely resembled a water strider, only this was a sand strider. It could most likely attack us unaffected by the poor footing the sand provided.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Sand Surface: Rank 32</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Sera and I will keep it occupied. Darkspell: <em>Dark.</em>”</p>

      <p>Riding atop Ms. Sera, Reaper unleashed a cloud of magical shadow stuff, which enveloped the wolf’s giant form like a robe of obsidian black. Then the darkness <em>ran</em>. The beast’s four legs kicked up the sand, producing speeds undaunted by the unfavorable conditions.</p>

      <p>Lastiara and I far outstripped Ms. Sera in terms of our AGI, but what we were witnessing belied those numbers. The wolf of darkness was dashing at unparalleled speed. The crystalline strider, not to be outdone, also dashed, and a battle not unlike a car chase unfolded, the combatants skating smoothly across the desert and kicking up clouds of sand as they clashed and clashed and clashed.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t long before one side tilted the battle in their favor. Sera wasn’t alone, after all. She had Reaper, darkness and dimensional mage extraordinaire, at her back. A black mist lingered in the wake of their sprint, and the space there warped and distorted, darkness spreading through the corridor and blocking the view. Aided by Ms. Sera’s blistering speed, the two finally managed to overtake the sand strider and face its back.</p>

      <p>“Got your back!”</p>

      <p>Ms. Sera leveraged her size and tackled it, and Reaper followed up with a sickle slash, slicing off one of its many legs. Regardless, the monster used its remaining legs to counterattack.</p>

      <p>“It’s so slow to turn around! It’s got nothing on us, huh?!”</p>

      <p>Its attack came to naught as it slashed at empty shadows where Reaper and Ms. Sera were no longer located. They moved to stay in its blind spot, never letting it catch sight of them. This went beyond “keeping it occupied.” It was safe to say they were outright overpowering it. It didn’t look like they needed our help to win this fight. Nevertheless, we did as were told and worked our spells.</p>

      <p>Reaper’s <em>Dimension</em> detected that our spellcrafting was complete.</p>

      <p>“Ready, huh?”</p>

      <p>She and Ms. Sera showed how united they were as rider and steed, ably luring the monster to a spot that made it an easy target for our magic. Then she snapped her fingers.</p>

      <p>“Night becomes dawn.”</p>

      <p>All of the darkness filling the corridor cleared up, and the creature looked puzzled by the suddenness of its vision returning.</p>

      <p>“Hyahh!”</p>

      <p>Reaper landed a light kick on its back, knocking it off-balance and toppling it onto the sand. Perfect. That was the moment where everything lined up for one prime spell-firing opportunity.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow!</em>”</p>

      <p>“<em>Quartz Bullet!</em>”</p>

      <p>Lastiara blasted it with her highest-firepower flames, and I blasted it with my highest-speed crystal bullets. The monster burned in the crimson blaze, and my rotating rounds pierced its center.</p>

      <p>“D-Did we do it?!” shouted Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“I think, maybe?!” I replied excitedly.</p>

      <p>Sadly, after the flames disappeared, the sand strider was still alive, doing its best to move despite the crystal bullets it had taken to the chest. It <em>was</em> seriously injured, but seemingly not injured enough to die.</p>

      <p>Then came Reaper’s merciless scythe to finish the job. Sliced in twain, it faded into light and disappeared.</p>

      <p>“Like I said, wouldn’t it be faster to just cut the thing?” she asked, a wry smile on her face. She wasn’t being sassy. She was just giving us her heartfelt advice.</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh,” we said quietly, drawing the swords at our waists.</p>

      <p>I should have known a single day of training wouldn’t bear fruit. I had no choice but to admit it.</p>

      <p>“Since we’re here and all,” said Reaper, “the number one thing to do is train at the stuff we’re already good at. You can’t get all antsy and rush this stuff. That’s how accidents happen.”</p>

      <p>All we could do was mutter another “uh-huh” under our breath. We couldn’t even muster the energy to argue back. To think we’d crowed about how we would show them the fruits of our training... The results were too tragic for words. We kept walking, gloom written on our faces.</p>

      <p>Reaper reacted to our dejection, her arms flailing around as she strove to reassure us. “B-But working on your weaknesses little by little is good too, okay? If you keep training, it’ll be a strong weapon in your toolbox <em>someday</em>, maybe!” The fact that a girl so young was fussing over my feelings made me want to die.</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh,” we said quietly. What other response was there?</p>

      <p>The excitement was totally gone, and our spirits weren’t getting any lighter. Reaper heaved a sigh and, left with no other choice, began leading the way. And so we continued through the Dungeon with a new leader at the helm.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Unlike before, the dive had taken a form that was fairly easy to understand. Reaper searched for enemies from the front, cutting down any monsters if it seemed we might encounter them. That repeated over and over again. For the most part, Ms. Sera distracted the enemy and Reaper delivered the final blow. Lastiara and I, meanwhile, remained in the back, still in shock. Because battles kept ending without any trouble, we had nothing to snap us out of it. Somewhere in my heart of hearts, I was hoping for a scene where Reaper and Ms. Sera started struggling and I could jump in and go, “Guess I’m needed, huh?” but my turn on the stage never came.</p>

      <p>By contrast, the two at the front were having fun chatting. Since Ms. Sera could hardly keep donning the maid outfit over and over again, she was just wearing a large overcoat for the time being. Her transformation ability was kind of hard to look at, so I’d provided her with a mantle from my inventory that she could fight in even after transforming. As a result, her and Reaper’s outfits ended up kind of similar. With two otherwise naked girls fighting in cloaks, it was a scene right out of a captured-footage crime show, but I wasn’t feeling the energy to tell them to stop.</p>

      <p>“That’s quite something, Reaper,” I heard Ms. Sera say up ahead. “How’s your scythe constructed?”</p>

      <p>“It’s just a part of me. As long as I have the magic energy, I can take it in and out freely! It’s like big brother’s inventory, though it only works for the scythe!”</p>

      <p>“Count me jealous. I wish I had a bevy of special abilities like you do, little one.”</p>

      <p>“You can become a doggo, can’t ya?! I’m super jealous of <em>you!</em>”</p>

      <p>“Doggo? I don’t turn into a dog. I turn into a wolf.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? That form’s a <em>wolf?</em> That’s a really small wolf, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Actually, I’m on the large side even among my clan.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? Really, miss?”</p>

      <p>“If possible, I’d like you to call me a wolf. Calling me a ‘doggo’ makes me feel...embarrassed. And it doesn’t fit me anyway.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not true, miss! You’re so cute! It does fit you! You’re a cute doggo!”</p>

      <p>“Stop. You don’t need to say that. It’s embarrassing even if I’m not actually cute. Cute is what people call individuals such as yourself and milady.”</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, that’s not true! Back me up, mister!”</p>

      <p>Maybe she threw it to me out of consideration for our not being included in the conversation, but I couldn’t have asked for a more dangerous subject matter.</p>

      <p>“Reaper, why’re you asking me <em>that?</em> Look! She’s glaring at me!”</p>

      <p>If looks could kill...</p>

      <p>Ms. Sera addressed me matter-of-factly. “Be truthful, Kanami. You’re the child’s guardian now, aren’t you? It’s your duty to clearly state whether things are true or false.”</p>

      <p>“Er, uh, hmm. Cuteness, huh?”</p>

      <p>Truth be told, I did think Ms. Sera could be categorized as cute. Unlike her other aspects, she was feminine in the way she liked things that were themselves cute. Plus, the way she was never upfront about how she felt deep down was a bit like a little kid, which was another point in the cute column. She did have a side to her that tended to be fastidious, but still, she generally had a pretty good head on her shoulders. In all honesty, if you asked me, she and Dia were rivals for first place when it came to “cute.” Lastiara and Reaper, on the other hand, were the opposite of “cute” in that sense of the word. On the inside, they were too similar to swashbuckling guys for me to be comfortable calling them cute. But I couldn’t say all of that out loud.</p>

      <p>“I’d say you’re more on the <em>cool</em> end than the <em>cute</em> end of ladies, Ms. Sera. Though I do see what Reaper’s saying too, a little bit. I think you’re a lady who’s got both cute and cool sides to her.”</p>

      <p>There, I didn’t pick either one. The safe answer.</p>

      <p>“Y-You damned knave! So that’s how you’ve <em>beguiled</em> so many sweet and tender girls thus far! You fiend! You wretch!”</p>

      <p>And I’d thought I was being diplomatic. That did <em>not</em> go over well. Maybe she’d wanted me not to mince words by shooting the idea down, but telling a woman to her face that she wasn’t cute was always going to be way too rude. This problem never had a solution.</p>

      <p>Ms. Sera turned away and moved on. At a guess, she was feeling half irate, half embarrassed. Honestly, I thought anything I said would have offended her anyway, so I could only conclude I’d made the best available choice. I continued walking behind Ms. Sera, who was forging ever ahead, dragging Reaper by the hand.</p>

      <p>It was around then that our excitement gradually returned, and Lastiara and I finally began participating in battle. We felt like if we didn’t fire ourselves up again, we’d lose sight of the reason we were even around. Our party of four frontline fighters brute-forced its way through the floors. However, the path we were taking was different from yesterday. Reaper didn’t head straight for the stairs, instead wandering around the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>“Where’re you going, Reaper? You know the stairs are over there, right?”</p>

      <p>Through <em>Dimension</em>, I’d grasped the location of the staircase leading down to the next floor. Given the proximity, Reaper should have picked up its location as well.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I know. But something over there’s caught my interest!”</p>

      <p>“What sort of something?”</p>

      <p>I expanded my senses to cover the ground her <em>Dimension</em> was covering and saw what she meant. There was an altar out in the sea of sand. I remembered something similar; it looked exactly like the altar Snow and I once encountered on Floor 24. The altar where we’d found the cursed sword Rukh Bringer. And this altar, too, had a blade stuck into it as though offered as a sacrifice.</p>

      <p>“Looks interesting, don’t ya think? Using the Dungeon to collect stuff while we’re at it doesn’t sound bad, right?” Reaper rushed ahead like a toddler who had found a playpen, forcing us to chase after her.</p>

      <p>The altar was shaped like a trapezoid, like someone had sliced off the top bit of a desert pyramid. Reaper was in front of it, staring at the sword with blushing cheeks. Before she moved, I used Analyze.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【RAKED BLADE】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Attack Power 5</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.50 to Mind Taint.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Wait! Don’t touch it!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Why?” Reaper’s hand had been <em>this</em> close to the hilt.</p>

      <p>“I’ve bumped into cursed swords in the Dungeon before...and it looks like this one’s no good either.”</p>

      <p>It didn’t get much more disturbing than “+1.50 to Mind Taint.” Warily, I used <em>Dimension</em> to investigate it in greater detail. Like a chemical reaction, that caused it to spew forth a thin but eerie mist.</p>

      <p>“Whoa! It’s leaking magic energy outta nowhere! The thing was tricking us!” Reaper sprang away from it like a scared cat.</p>

      <p>“Item’s defective. Let’s destroy it.” I readied my blade.</p>

      <p>Reaper reluctantly agreed, but not Lastiara. “Wait! Wouldn’t it be, like, kinda <em>cool</em> if we could use a cursed weapon?” This time it was she who was as sparkly eyed as a kid in a candy store.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, don’t go there. Don’t even <em>joke</em> about that shit.”</p>

      <p>“It happens in every hero tale. The cursed weapon plot. I enjoy it when the protagonist frantically saves the ally who ends up equipping it. Hey, anybody wanna try holding it? It’s okay; I’ll save you!”</p>

      <p>“So you wanna cause a problem just so you can be the solution? Yeah, no. Thing goes bye-bye.”</p>

      <p>“But, like, what if you hold on to it and then, like, overcome its curse? Then it’d turn into a crazy strong sword, don’t you think?”</p>

      <p>“No, because then it’d just be a sword with a rap sheet.”</p>

      <p>Much to my chagrin, I did give it a moment’s thought. The fact that I somewhat understood Lastiara’s lust-for-adventure viewpoint disgusted me. I took a sideways swing at the sword, and Lorwen proved far superior as a weapon, snapping the Raked Blade with ease.</p>

      <p>“Ugh, what a waste. If only it wasn’t for your bloody Analyze ability!” Lastiara complained.</p>

      <p>“Without it, we would’ve been in trouble.”</p>

      <p>“Gotta say, though, the fact that you can even see if something’s cursed makes your item appraisal abilities really handy. Your other abilities, you can explain as extensions of dimensional magic, but I can’t even guess what’s behind that one. What’s the formulation of that magic, I wonder?” Lastiara touched my face lightly; she was checking my eyeballs in case she could see <em>something</em> in them.</p>

      <p>It had been on my mind this whole time as well. Why did I have this oh-so-convenient menu-sight power to begin with? And for that matter, what was up with the way I was able to use ice and dimensional magic from the jump? Why was I furnished with such a high APT stat? How did all of this work, and what were the reasons? I got the feeling that if I just figured that out, I could solve a ton of other questions on a fundamental level. And I was beginning to see the answer right on the horizon. During my life in this world up to now, I had collected enough information to be able to get there. I did possess the faculties necessary to accurately process that information. However, the answer I was starting to reach was just so...</p>

      <p>“But you know what? Reaper’s got the right idea about collecting items! How about we keep looking for them?” said Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“Yay!”</p>

      <p>“Let’s grab some weapons and power up!”</p>

      <p>We were still in the Dungeon. It would be remiss of me to lose my concentration. Sure, I could speculate with the information I had now, but I couldn’t be sure of anything, and if I was just going to be speculating myself in circles, I’d best spend my time making some steady Dungeon progress.</p>

      <p>I shook my head free of such brooding thoughts and followed my merry friends. It seemed the plan was to hunt for more altars. Since it would let us level up nice and deliberately, I had no objections. I’d let them do as they pleased.</p>

      <p>In this fashion, our party progressed through Floors 31, 32 and 33, searching for altars all the while. Our policy was to simply ignore Floor 32’s flying monsters. Those things could call for reinforcements if given the chance, but it was also easy enough to give them the slip thanks to Reaper’s darkness magic.</p>

      <p>When it came to fleeing, her magic truly showed its worth. Against <em>Nightmension</em>, the spell that allowed her to cloak us in darkness and calculate the optimal escape route through dimensional magic, the monsters had no means of giving chase. We battled only enemies that were easy to take down, escaping from the more annoying ones without engaging them. Reaper harbored the most essential abilities with regard to Dungeon diving. By battling and fleeing, battling and fleeing, we managed to spot several other altars. Yet there wasn’t a single decent item among their offerings.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【COAL OUTERWEAR】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Defense Power 6</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+1.20 to Mind Taint.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【ARLECON FACE】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Defense Power 4</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+.050 to Mind Taint. +1.00 to Confusion.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【BLOODSWORD】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Attack Power 4</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>When it absorbs blood, it receives a temporary boost in Attack Power.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+0.50 to Mind Taint. +1.00 to Excitement.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Hm. So...they’re all cursed.”</p>

      <p>“Kanamiii, let’s try equipping some! It’s okay! If this is a hero tale, then as the hero, I can overcome a silly little curse, no sweat!”</p>

      <p>Not only was the stuff we found generally cursed, but they all conferred Mind Taint. While Lastiara whined beside me, I silently destroyed the offending items. Even so much as touching them was dangerous without a solid way to dispel the curses, so it couldn’t be helped. For the time being, I froze the broken shards, which could no longer confer Mind Taint, and threw them into my inventory. Maybe I could reuse them in the future.</p>

      <p>Every now and then, we found something that wasn’t cursed, but it wasn’t anything to write home about. Those items contained no magic energy to speak of; they were just decorative. We were lucky if one in ten of the items we found was useful.</p>

      <p>A few hours into our dive, we finally found a decent weapon. It was a milky white sword with a winged design.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【TWIN BLESTBLADES OF THE HELLVILLESHINE CLAN, UNPAIRED】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Attack Power 2</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Having lost its counterpart, this blade no longer possesses its former might.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I told the party what was written in its menu.</p>

      <p>“This one’s not cursed. Looks like we’ve got an old Hellvilleshine Clan item here.”</p>

      <p>“Yes!” shouted Lastiara, who was wearing an ornamental diadem we’d found along the way. “Finally!”</p>

      <p>“But it’s only one of a pair. It’d be stronger if the other one was there too, but there’s no point to it like this.”</p>

      <p>“Look for it! Look for the other one!”</p>

      <p>Reaper deployed <em>Dimension</em>. “I found another altar right nearby, sis!”</p>

      <p>“Then off we go!”</p>

      <p>Ms. Sera and I followed as they dashed off as fast as they could. Once we reached yet another boring old altar, Lastiara stood there in a daze, her eyes on its center. She was staring at the traces of where a sword used to be.</p>

      <p>“It... It’s empty!”</p>

      <p>“Yep, nothing there. Maybe the other sword used to be there?”</p>

      <p>“Why didn’t you tell me sooner?! I got my hopes up super high!”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t cuz I figured you wouldn’t believe me unless you saw it with your own eyes anyway. I let you dream as long as I could!”</p>

      <p>“Well, it was a nice dream! Thanks, Reaper! But ugh! Dammit!”</p>

      <p>I broke out in a cold sweat as I stood next to the two who were so clearly enjoying life. If you asked me, an empty altar was a good one. It didn’t bother me that there was no trace left, but it was weird that there were still marks from where the sword had been stuck into it. This was Floor 33, and supposedly, no other Alliance diver had ever gotten past Floor 30, which was why all those other altars were untouched. In other words, we had company, this deep in the Dungeon. Someone had visited Floor 33 before us and pulled out the sword from the altar.</p>

      <p>“Is there really nothing?! Really?!” Lastiara searched the vicinity.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, enough already. Trying to collect items in the Dungeon was a fool’s errand to begin with. At this point it’ll be less of a waste of time to just hunt monsters.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh... But I love it when they turn things around during a treasure hunt...”</p>

      <p>“You’ve had plenty of time to make that happen. Now let’s be serious and venture deeper.”</p>

      <p>Through Thought Streams, I’d finished making my guesses as to who could be this deep in the Dungeon, and my body was braced for a fight. The first possibility was Mr. Glenn, the strongest dude operating in the Alliance, but I didn’t think that was very likely given our conversation the other day. Another was the Blademaster, Fenrir Arrace. Maybe the Seven Celestial Knights could hack it as a united party. And then there was Palinchron Regacy—the schemer with the power of a Guardian. It was no stretch to think he could advance past Floor 30 on his own power. I didn’t doubt Mr. Rayle’s assertion that the bastard was now on the mainland portion of Vart, but the possibility was there. In any case, my overwhelming will to fight spurred my legs forward.</p>

      <p>“All right, we’re heading to Floor 34. Reaper, if any enemies look like trouble, run interference for me.”</p>

      <p>“’Kay, got it. I’m getting tired of collecting nothing but trash. Guess we might as well go deeper.”</p>

      <p>Taking Lastiara as she sulked, we headed for the stairs. Via Reaper’s darkness magic, we made good time keeping any approaching monsters away, allowing us to make a beeline for the next floor.</p>

      <p>“Treasure hunt...” muttered a depressed Lastiara, listing off typical plotlines. “Turning a cursed sword into a holy sword... Finding the key to turn the tables...”</p>

      <p>“You’ll never have to search for an altar again!” said Reaper encouragingly. “Let’s go deeper and deeper! ’Cause as we all know, the <em>real</em> pleasure of Dungeon diving is fighting strong enemies! Let’s go take down a boss monster!”</p>

      <p>And with that, Lastiara was right back on her feet. Of course, her comeback was utterly exasperating in my eyes. She was riding the wolf-form Ms. Sera, having the time of her life as she pointed onward. But I couldn’t keep up.</p>

      <p>“Stop! Don’t leave me behind!”</p>

      <p>The layout of Floor 34 made traversing the Dungeon a different beast from before. The formerly crystal corridors were now stone, and any scenery that might remind me of Lorwen had decreased dramatically. These corridors were submerged in water up to our knees, making it extremely difficult to walk. Lastiara and Reaper were riding Ms. Sera, who made it look easy, but trudging through this water was greatly consuming my stamina.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Sera, you’re too fast! Could you slow down a bit?!”</p>

      <p>“You heard him, Serry. Kanami’s slow, so dial down the pace for the poor guy.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Sera only obliged after her liege requested it. Then she glanced my way and snorted as if to say <em>pathetic.</em></p>

      <p><em>Sorry if you’re a giant quadruped and I’m a bipedal human here.</em> Obviously there was going to be a speed gap, but she’d rushed forward with no consideration for me, so I was the only one feeling the strain. And her line that she could only carry two people at a time sounded like bullshit. I had a hunch that really, she only wanted cute girls to ride her. That was the attitude she was exuding.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Sera, are you <em>sure</em> you can’t carry three people?”</p>

      <p>The wolf nodded “yes” instantly. From the look in her eyes, I sensed that she had no intention whatsoever of letting me ride her. I was pretty sure she was letting her personal feelings get in the way of business, but I didn’t want to force it in case it ended up impeding combat. I had no choice but to put my strength in my legs and proceed through the shallows.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Kanami, we’re going slower, so look for a boss!”</p>

      <p>“A boss? If possible, I’d prefer going the safe and steady route...”</p>

      <p>“Heh. First I get my spotlight stolen by Dia and Mar-Mar, then I fail to show off the fruits of my training, and then I get hoodwinked by Dungeon items. Please, salvage this for me...” Clearly, Lastiara had quite a bit of pent-up frustration following the events of the past two days. Moreover, if Maria and Dia participated in future dives, it would make opportunities to test her mettle against powerful enemies a rarity. She must be regarding this as her last chance.</p>

      <p>“Fine. Can’t hurt to look.” Weighing the pros against the cons, I reluctantly agreed. Boss battles were certainly dangerous but the returns were juicy, the main prize being the magic gem. I knew firsthand that the gems they dropped were higher quality than normal drops.</p>

      <p>Since I’d just acquired the Smithing skill and was thinking about new equipment, obtaining a premium gem might allow me to forge a weapon on the level of the Crescent Pectolazri Straight Sword. Besides, experiencing a boss battle as a group wasn’t a bad idea. Our party’s composition let us excel at speed and disruption tactics, which made escape a cinch too.</p>

      <p>“Aha! You’re looking! You said it, so no takesies backsies!”</p>

      <p>And more than anything, I liked seeing a smile on Lastiara’s face. I didn’t want to see her down in the dumps if I could help it.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. I’ll search us up a boss, so wait a moment. <em>Layered Dimension</em>.”</p>

      <p>Through the sheer range of <em>Layered Dimension</em>, I spotted the nearest boss monster in a blink. It was a dark gray jellyfish, about three meters long, with around a hundred tentacles swaying about.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Gulflood Jelly: Rank 35</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Small fish that were probably the boss’s minions were flitting through the shallows. I figured it was a suitable enough target.</p>

      <p>“There’s a jellyfish thing over that way, so let’s try tussling with it. Of course, if it ends up being a pain in the ass, we retreat,” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s go! Let’s go <em>now!</em> This time, I’ll show you what I can really do!” Lastiara cried.</p>

      <p>I exchanged looks with Reaper and Sera. “Ms. Sera, if something happens, make her retreat even if you’ve gotta drag her outta there.”</p>

      <p>“I know that. I’m prioritizing milady’s life—no, everyone’s safety above all else. That’s what the might of my beast form is for.”</p>

      <p>After gaining a bit of experience exploring the Dungeon, Ms. Sera thoroughly understood her role as a diver. After seeing her and Reaper give a hearty nod, I decided to fight to take to the boss.</p>

      <p>“All right, Lastiara, why don’t we show it what we’re made of? This is the perfect chance to hit it with some new magic.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? New magic?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara was so excited that she hadn’t realized what a great opportunity this situation presented.</p>

      <p>“We’re gonna seize the initiative through the spell we practiced, <em>Ice Aegis.</em> This time, let’s combine <em>Wintermension: Frost</em> and <em>Freeze</em>. I’ll use magic to signpost what spots I want you to target, and then you use <em>Freeze</em> to rein it in.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, gotcha... Sounds like a plan! Let’s go with that!”</p>

      <p>With everyone on board, I wasted no time explaining the strategy I had in mind. While we’d eventually be forced to chop up the enemy together, there were still tricks we could devise. We’d work our way closer and closer to the Gulflood Jelly and maneuver to the position most suitable for a surprise attack. We’d then maintain the distance where Lastiara’s and my magic could reach it without it noticing us and begin crafting our spells. The water in the Dungeon didn’t conduct magic energy very well, but that wasn’t to say it didn’t conduct it at all.</p>

      <p>I rolled up my sleeves and then Lastiara and I touched the water on the ground with both hands. Our ice-element magic energy resonated, and we made it slowly creep toward the boss. The moment I saw that the energy had reached far enough, I muttered an incantation.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Wintermension: Frost</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Freeze.</em>”</p>

      <p>Lastiara’s spell followed mine, and our resonant spell was complete.</p>

      <p>“Resonant spell: <em>Ice Aegis</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Resonant spell: <em>Ice Aegis</em>.”</p>

      <p>Normally, <em>Wintermension: Frost</em> would only just be able to knock the enemy off-balance, but with the boost Lastiara supplied, it evolved into a greater spell. The first victims were the fish minions swimming in the shallows, which stopped moving. Needless to say, we didn’t freeze the entirety of the shallows. Instead, I inconspicuously and carefully observed the monsters and, relying on my knowledge of the fish in my world, froze the body parts necessary for swimming to immobilize them. Their stiffened bodies rose to the surface, no longer moving in any way.</p>

      <p>Seeing that we’d neutralized them without resistance, I realized how lucky I was. Since they were monsters, it would have been understandable to ignore their fishness and treat them as standard enemies, but it seemed these minions were a different story. Maybe they were monsters that specialized in speed or were weak to magic attacks.</p>

      <p>Next, I spread the energy over to the big boss itself, but as anyone could have seen coming, I couldn’t freeze that giant jellyfish. As you might expect, the magic resistance of bosses was on another level. All that was left was to set the stage. In order to create footholds, I froze one circular ice pad after another. I’d have liked to have made the shallows into one large skating rink if possible, but the water didn’t conduct the energy well enough for that. Making those circular footholds was all I could manage.</p>

      <p>After making a road out of the stepping stones of ice, our preparations were complete.</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s do this!”</p>

      <p>“Chaaaaarge!” said Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Sera!” said Reaper. “Doggo time!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara and I raced across the ice pads, and Reaper rode Ms. Sera right behind us. Ms. Sera had dutifully responded to Reaper’s “doggo time” remark with a quiet “woof” before transforming. I knew I’d heard her right since she looked a bit embarrassed. Just how indulgent was she with cute girls?</p>

      <p>The party was faster than the swimming speed of the fish. We closed the distance in the blink of an eye and attacked the Gulflood Jelly. <em>Ice Aegis</em> had granted us the initiative. With its minions unable to move, the boss was all stiff, overtaken by confusion.</p>

      <p>Lastiara cast a spell, the results of yesterday’s training. “Bloodspell: <em>Imitation</em> <em>Lorwen Arrace!</em>”</p>

      <p>I threw a new spell into the mix myself. “Spellcast: <em>Quartz Flamberge!</em>”</p>

      <p>Much like <em>Ice Flamberge</em>, the spell coated the sword in crystal. I was doing this to practice how freely I could use the <em>Quartz </em>spell.</p>

      <p>Lastiara’s sword sliced the jelly, not deep enough to bisect it but deep nonetheless. Despite the considerable damage it must have taken , the monster launched a heated counterattack without hesitation. Countless tentacles attacked Lastiara, which I rent asunder with my crystal sword. It was a fearsome number of tentacles, but not too many for me to handle.</p>

      <p>To add to the onslaught, Reaper came in and slashed it with her sickle from behind. The jellyfish tried to block the blow by bundling its tentacles together, but the scythe sliced through them all with ease. This monster’s defense power was pathetically low. However, the dismembered tentacles and the places where it had been slashed were wriggling, healing in no time at all. What it lacked in defense, it made up for with its powerful regenerative capabilities.</p>

      <p>“Keep hacking away! It might have a core!”</p>

      <p>I’d fought a boss with similar abilities in the past, and that experience enabled me to swiftly issue instructions. Everyone concurred and began cutting into the giant jelly’s body as if digging for gold. As we dodged its tentacles and stuck it with our blades over and over again, we spotted a glowing stone inside.</p>

      <p><em>Wow, what an easy boss.</em></p>

      <p>I reached out for the magic gem with my sword, but just then, the Gulflood Jelly’s magic energy swelled. It must have sensed its impending death, because now it was using all its tentacles for defense as it began to wrap them around its core like flower petals. But if it wasn’t actively attacking, we could slash it to our hearts’ content. If this one-sided offensive was allowed to continue, it would only be a matter of time before we destroyed the core. Unfortunately, it used the modicum of time it had bought by focusing on defense to hit us with a distinctive counterattack.</p>

      <p>It was a form of counterattack that I’d never experienced before. The jellyfish’s body trembled, and its under-mouth unleashed an explosive roar infused with immense magic energy. We had no choice but to instantly cover our ears. Yet the monster didn’t capitalize on the huge opening it had created. It did nothing, continuing to hide within its own tentacles as a shield.</p>

      <p>I immediately realized the purpose of that roar; an earthquake-like rumbling could be heard in the distance. <em>Dimension</em>’s perception field detected a flood breaking out in a distant corridor. The roar had been to gather all the water in the vicinity to this area. Evidently, the Gulflood Jelly’s cry had the magic energy to summon water.</p>

      <p>“Wha?! Oh... Oh shit, guys!”</p>

      <p>I turned pale and checked everyone’s positions. Among them, only Reaper, a fellow dimensional mage, grasped the situation. She was shaking her head frantically, the same look on her face as on mine. She dematerialized her scythe right away and clung to Ms. Sera’s neck. That could only mean one thing—the one-year-old didn’t know how to swim!</p>

      <p>“Lastiara! Ms. Sera! Retreat!!!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? But we’re this close to killing—”</p>

      <p>The flood reached the room, walls of water rushing in from all directions. In mere moments, the chamber would be entirely underwater. There was nowhere to run. Nothing we could do. I, along with my allies, the Gulflood Jelly, and its minions, was swallowed up by the water. The monster had changed the battlefield on us, the raging torrents incapacitating us. It had thrown us into a veritable blender, unable to tell right from left, up from down. Only <em>Dimension</em> and Responsiveness kept me aware of the situation. I could see that the ice binding the minion fish was coming undone due to the impact of the flooding.</p>

      <p>By immersing itself in water, the Gulflood Jelly resumed its regeneration, thoroughly reenergized. The water reached the ceiling, robbing us of air. It was plain to see that if we didn’t clear out of this boss area, we wouldn’t even be able to breathe. This was not a battlefield for humans to be fighting aquatic creatures. I’d told everyone we’d be retreating if it turned into a pain in the ass, but this situation went beyond that. It was downright deadly.</p>

      <p>Once the flow of water had calmed down a bit, I turned my gaze to Reaper first. Her cheeks were puffed out as she held her breath, clinging to Ms. Sera for dear life. It couldn’t have been clearer that she couldn’t swim. Fortunately, Ms. Sera had heard my command and moved back quite a distance. She was managing to swim underwater in a sort of clumsy dog paddle. Our enemies wouldn’t attack them before attacking me.</p>

      <p>Next, I turned to look at Lastiara. Gone was her usual sky-high confidence and gallant demeanor. The girl I saw was flailing around in a panic. I was faced with the same sad reality again. <em>You telling me this three-year-old can’t swim either?!</em></p>

      <p>Things were just getting worse and worse. I was the only one who could move worth a damn, but the monsters resumed their offensive without mercy. The enemy vanguard of minion fish rushed at us like bullets, making their sharp, pointed heads lethal weapons not unlike a storm of throwing knives.</p>

      <p>I hurried toward Lastiara and readied my sword. Embracing the flailing girl with my left arm, I cut down the boss’s minions with the sword in my other hand. The minions didn’t know how to do anything but charge forward, but their sheer numbers were a problem. There were so many that they must have been hiding someplace earlier, and they were swarming us from everywhere. As if that weren’t enough, the Gulflood Jelly was approaching from behind too. With the battle’s difficulty level having precipitously increased, a sense of crisis racked me. At this rate, if things went wrong, we could very well die. That was how bad the situation had gotten. And because I realized I might die, ??? came creeping toward me.</p>

      <p>I shook my head and kept ??? at bay. <em>I don’t need a skill like that! </em>I screamed internally. <em>I’ve got plenty of other strong skills!</em></p>

      <p>With Thought Streams, Responsiveness, and Dimensional Magic, I pinpointed all approaching threats. My movement was slower due to being underwater, but it was still possible to cope. I was confident I could slice them into sushi—but that was only if I had enough time.</p>

      <p>A bubble of air spilled out of Lastiara’s mouth. The look on her face sent a shiver down my spine; I nearly gasped for air myself. Since <em>Dimension</em> had warned me about the flood, I’d taken a deep breath just before being submerged, so I still had air in my lungs. Not so for Lastiara. She’d been so caught off guard that she was suffocating fast. My knowledge of such accidents in my world communicated to me the gravity of the situation; if I didn’t get her some oxygen quickly, she might even suffer brain damage. Wiping out a bunch of fish wouldn’t do a damn thing for us.</p>

      <p><em>To me, Lastiara is someone I </em>need.</p>

      <p>I could tell that Thought Streams was in full swing, and the gears in my head ground out a solution I had no choice but to jump at. There was no time to wonder why, no time to scrutinize. I knocked my forehead against Lastiara’s, and she opened her eyes. She couldn’t speak, but I locked eyes with her, telling her with my expression that I wanted her to believe in me. She didn’t hesitate either, relaxing her body instantly. She trusted her comrade and left everything to me.</p>

      <p>I put my lips on hers without a moment’s pause. Then I transferred all my air into her. This was the best, most rational move that Thought Streams could come up with. I knew that my face was red with embarrassment. I told myself that it was just artificial respiration and there was nothing to feel guilty over, but it was impossible to suppress the flush, and that probably went for her as well. She understood that I was just supplying her with oxygen, but the redness of her face betrayed her emotions, and the sight of each other’s beet red faces sped up our respective heart rates.</p>

      <p>The plan had been to subdue my emotions and resume combat right away, but I’d been naive. That just wasn’t possible; we were both more worked up than I’d anticipated. It was like time froze, and chemicals flooded my brain as if a dam had burst.</p>

      <p>It was only after our lips had touched that I finally realized—in the end, no matter how hard I suppressed it, it was only a matter of time before ??? activated again. I’d reached my limit a long time ago. Over the past few days, Lastiara and I had shared a hug, gone on an adventure together, undertaken intensive training together, and even horsed around together. No, it went beyond just recent events. It had all started when I’d whisked her out of that cathedral. Even though circumstances had kept us apart since that fateful day, she’d still risked her life to fight for me. Then we’d joined forces to overcome the Brawl before finally reuniting as promised and Dungeon diving together again. This was merely the result of that mounting tide.</p>

      <p>It was all so obvious. Though ??? had removed my feelings for her on the eve of the Day of the Blessed Birth, it hadn’t removed the reason I’d fallen for her to begin with. My attraction to her was inevitable, inescapable. I would just keep falling for her over and over again, and ??? would take those feelings away from me over and over again. That was always bound to be the case. It was my destiny from the very beginning...</p>

      <p>It felt like what I’d been trying so hard to keep veiled this whole time was now escaping through my mouth. I was assailed by a pleasant sensation—the sensation of absolutely everything crumbling, of being riddled with more and more holes. And then, into that empty space slunk ???.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>