<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2"><div class="main">
      <p>Meanwhile, Lastiara was shaking my body the whole time, before casting her eyes down. “No... No, this, I—no, no, no! This is wrong! This is, no!” she said, shouting from her diaphragm.</p>

      <p>Unable to stand by and watch as Lastiara ran wild, I tried touching her. But I moved as stiff as a rusty robot. Lastiara brushed away my hand.</p>

      <p>“S-Stop looking at me! Look away, Kanami!”</p>

      <p>She thrust me away and opened some distance between us. It was enough distance to be able to see our faces in full. Her expression was complex, neither a smile nor crying.</p>

      <p>“Auuughh! Enough already!”</p>

      <p>Hiding her blushing face with both hands, she turned her back and ran, jumping out the window of her room and deftly climbing up the side of the ship. I tracked her part of the way through <em>Dimension</em>, but when I realized she was running away from me, I immediately dispelled the detection magic.</p>

      <p>At the same time, the candle in the room suddenly went out. It became quiet, as if she had taken all the heat in the room along with her. I was left alone, flummoxed and up a tree. I reflected on the results of my little visit and reckoned this confirmed the question at the heart of why I’d come here to begin with—we did indeed have feelings for each other. Could there have been a better outcome? However, it was also true that I’d grappled with more than I could handle. The feelings of infatuation that ??? had taken from me had been rekindled after just a few minutes of conversing.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s going on?! What <em>is</em> this?!”</p>

      <p>I repeated Lastiara’s words. My heart was thumping noisily, and I was so fidgety I couldn’t keep still. Until a second ago, I’d thought she was just some kooky oddball, but now I thought she was the cutest girl ever. Slowly but steadily, my suspicion turned into conviction. I remembered how red in the face she’d been when she’d run away. Was it safe to assume that was because of her feelings for me? I mean, what other interpretation could there be? It was the only possibility. I wanted to interpret it as that.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, I was blushing the same way she was. I could only have felt this flustered because I truly felt that way about her. I knew myself, so that much was obvious. I could conclude that I liked her and she liked me, couldn’t I? This was what they called a requited crush. It had to be.</p>

      <p>The moment I became cognizant of that truth, my body shivered. I hadn’t been kicking for very long. Just sixteen years and change. This was the first time I’d ever experienced a mutual crush.</p>

      <p>“Wait, no, hold on. Hold on now. Don’t jump the gun!”</p>

      <p>I chided myself for getting so ecstatic. Back in my world, I’d gotten ahead of myself and experienced more sadness for it. It happened all the time—receiving a love letter and getting stood up when nobody appeared at the rendezvous. Once, I’d heard rumors that a girl I was interested in liked me, but when I’d tried talking to her the next day, she’d expressed absolute disgust. And I’d never received Valentine’s chocolates from anyone besides my sister. Needless to say, I’d also never spent a romantic holiday like Christmas with anyone besides her either. I couldn’t expect the world to be so accommodating. Maybe I was misunderstanding. Maybe it <em>wasn’t</em> a mutual crush after all. Maybe I’d misinterpreted Lastiara’s reaction earlier. Until I made sure of it, I would be remiss to merely assume she liked me.</p>

      <p>There were other problems as well. For one, Lastiara was three years old. This wasn’t an older-but-in-the-same-generation situation. According to the laws of my world, laying a hand on a three-year-old kid was right out. Forget about an “illicit love affair”—it would be a crime heinous enough to land somebody in the papers. Even if Lastiara and I did become a couple, I wouldn’t be able to return to my world so brazenly. There was a chance people would view me as having preyed upon a sweet, defenseless girl. There were so many issues.</p>

      <p>There were so many issues, and yet...my heart wouldn’t stop thumping. The possibility that she might indeed like me back was drowning out all of my concerns. I found myself wanting to share my thoughts with somebody. The sensation wasn’t unlike how you felt before going to bed on the night before a school trip. It always made you want to talk to a third party about love stuff.</p>

      <p><em>How do you think Lastiara feels about me? What should I start doing?</em></p>

      <p>I wanted that kind of advice. I wanted to consult someone. I’d just learned how foolish it was to try to resolve stuff on your own, after all. Unfortunately, I had no one to confide in. There wasn’t a single other guy on this ship I could talk to, like I might have talked to a friend on a night before a school trip.</p>

      <p>“Urgh...there’s nobody I can go to! Wait...”</p>

      <p>Maybe Dia would be a good choice. He always referred to himself as a boy, after all. I felt like I could talk to him about it without feeling too uneasy. And confiding in Dia had borne fruit in the past. On the night before the Day of the Blessed Birth, it was thanks to Dia’s advice that rescuing Lastiara had gone so smoothly.</p>

      <p>“All right, I’ll talk to Dia about it!”</p>

      <p>Confidently, I made for Dia’s room, but my body froze up.</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh?”</p>

      <p>The Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan at my waist glowed. My Responsiveness skill activated on its own, and I started seeing a vision of the future. What did I see?</p>

      <p>I saw myself covered in blood, sinking alongside the flaming ship. The skill I’d inherited from my buddy was telling me that if I went for advice, I’d <em>die</em>. The intuition of the swordsman who could perceive the natural laws of the world was perceiving my impending demise, despite everything being so peaceful now.</p>

      <p><em>Sorry, </em>what?<em> Just by coming to him for advice, I’ll </em>die? <em>C’mon, I’ll disguise what I mean. What, even then?</em></p>

      <p>I tried to reason with Responsiveness, but the burning image wouldn’t leave my brain. I grew pale as a sheet. I couldn’t imagine Responsiveness leading me astray. Maybe <em>death</em> was an exaggeration, but I could be certain that something terrible would befall me. That was how much I trusted the skill’s accuracy.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, uh, let’s not.”</p>

      <p>I decided against consulting Dia. At that moment, the image of Lorwen in a cold sweat popped into my mind for some reason. I inwardly thanked my friend, whose will resided within Responsiveness, as I went back to the drawing board. I could feel the train derailing—my ideal train of events: after consulting with Dia, I would manage to expertly communicate my feelings to Lastiara, and she and I would become a couple, after which I would gain Maria’s and Snow’s blessings, and all of my cares would melt away.</p>

      <p>That had been what I was generally aiming for. Sure, it had various flaws that stood out, but I hadn’t expected it to fail from the start. Now, I had no choice but to shift to the next best plan. If I couldn’t consult with anyone, I just had to man up and confess my feelings head-on. When it comes to this sort of stuff, the worst thing you can do is draw it out by brooding over it.</p>

      <p>To be honest, I wasn’t confident about my crush. I knew that compared to once upon a time, my romantic feelings were more ambiguous. But it couldn’t hurt to tell Lastiara that fact as well when I confessed. Knowing her, maybe she would understand and accept it all. I felt that, as I was now, she would react favorably. I pictured us in love with each other, and that was all it took to set my heart racing.</p>

      <p>Yet at the same time, ??? came vaulting closer to me. I hastened to put ice on my blazing emotions, just managing to hold the skill back from activating. It was as though ???, the skill that had saved my life on countless occasions, was telling me that if I went down that path, I was choosing death.</p>

      <p><em>So... So even if I just confess, I die?</em></p>

      <p>Evidently, if my feelings got any more intense than this, it fell within range of ??? activating on me. The line between what was allowable regarding love stuff according to ??? had gotten clearer. If I ever moved into action with something like a love confession, ??? considered that out of line. Ultimately, I was being told that I’d be signing my death warrant no matter which path I followed, so I froze in my tracks in a peculiar stance.</p>

      <p>I had no idea that this ship, devoid of enemies, could be so fraught with danger. I’d expected it to be a little dicey, maybe, but not <em>this</em> bad. Standing in place wouldn’t solve anything, though. Starting tomorrow, I’d have to find a way to live on this boat alongside Maria and Snow and their tempestuous emotions. Granted, my senses were a good bit sharper than most. Due to my <em>Dimension</em>-Responsiveness duo, I’d probably be able to pick up on the girls’ friendliness levels. Did I really want to live with them without responding to their affections? That seemed like a fast track to an ulcer perforating my stomach.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll use my Thought Streams skill to make some predictions.</em></p>

      <p>It was like I was trapped in a C-tier love drama at the moment. If nothing changed, that would make me the asshole guy character who simply used the girls for my Dungeon diving purposes. In the daytime TV serials about the tangle of love and hate, I was the guy who got stabbed to death at the end. Even outside those dramas, the fate of the fence-sitter character who played both sides was usually nothing desirable. That moment, a scene of spine-chilling <em>red</em> flashed into my head. My Thought Streams skill, the culmination of all my battles, was telling me to tread carefully because I’d meet my end otherwise.</p>

      <p><em>Dead if I do, dead if I don’t.</em> “So, what do you want from me?”</p>

      <p>I broke out in a cold sweat. While my suite of high-class skills had allowed me to evade the worst outcome, I’d also come to learn that at this rate, I’d still die, only torturously slowly. And no solution was presenting itself. I stood frozen in place, still in that strange pose.</p>

      <p>That was when an angel appeared to rescue me.</p>

      <p>“Hey mister, you did good to hold out. If you go about things too casually now, you’ll legit die, you know? You’ll get stabbed in the back—no, you might <em>wish</em> that’s what happened to you. ’Cause maybe there won’t be anything left of you.”</p>

      <p>Reaper had entered the room with a strained smile.</p>

      <p>“Reaper!” I smiled in a way I had never done before, tears in my eyes.</p>

      <p>“First of all, going to Dia is absolutely outta the question. This is the girl repeating your name over and over in her sleep we’re talking about here. With a huge grin on her face, at that. I can’t believe you’d even consider talking to <em>her</em> about another girl. You’d <em>actually</em> die. That’s not a joke. You’d die, like <em>dead</em> dead.”</p>

      <p>I could tell via <em>Dimension</em> that Reaper had her own <em>Dimension </em>up and running. She was apparently monitoring the dozing Dia as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“Don’t say <em>die</em>, Reaper. Because right now, it’s not funny...”</p>

      <p>“Right, it isn’t funny because it’s not a joke. Listen, mister—don’t you dare go talk to her about it! She <em>likes</em> you, big brother!”</p>

      <p>“Argh! You... Don’t come right out with something like that!”</p>

      <p>Reaper had mercilessly boarded up my escape hatch. A new seed of worry had been planted, and I could practically feel the ring of death closing in on me.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, you must’ve already noticed her feelings for you. Don’t you know I hate it when you lie to yourself like that? And since I hate it, that must mean you hate it too.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh... I’m sorry. I really do only ever realize stuff thanks to you...”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>