<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_3"><div class="main">
      <p>I hadn’t been unaware. Dia had become emotionally unstable when he’d lost “Sieg.” He’d even hallucinated me. He must have been more dependent on “Sieg” than I’d realized. During the Brawl, my amnesiac self had gone on a date with Dia. He’d worn a cute dress and smiled like a cute girl. We’d watched a play and eaten a meal together, and in all that time he’d never let go of my hand. I hardly needed the processing power of Thought Streams or the intuition provided by Responsiveness to come to the conclusion that Dia probably liked me.</p>

      <p>What’s more, he’d fallen for me in a fairly warped, unhealthy way. Once I admitted that, consulting him was an option that was no longer on the table. The image of the purehearted and dependable boy I’d thought him to be faded away, and once again I looked reality in the face. I couldn’t imagine the Dia who exhibited such bloodlust at every turn would welcome my getting hitched warmly. The same went for Maria and Snow, whose emotional landscapes were most likely just as warped. If they were the type to give up that easily, things wouldn’t have ended up this way to begin with. My skill suite was in agreement—it was far too much to hope for.</p>

      <p>“Mister, no matter what you do, don’t tell anybody you like or dislike ’em. Even a little kid can see that if you throw off the balance, it won’t be a pretty picture.”</p>

      <p>“So you think so too, huh?”</p>

      <p>It looked as though this was all too obvious from an objective standpoint.</p>

      <p>“Over one thing or another, I’ve linked up with the other girls before, so I know the gist of their circumstances. That’s what I’m basing my warning on. Nobody will accept the idea of you getting hitched with anyone. You can count on that.”</p>

      <p>“But everybody’s stronger now that we’ve overcome our trials and tribulations. They’ll fight hard reality with determination in their hearts! I wanna have faith in them!”</p>

      <p>“You honestly think that?”</p>

      <p>Thought Streams and Responsiveness whispered “no” in my head. ??? did too, and for the first time, it did so without shoving itself down my throat.</p>

      <p>“I wanna have faith in them. I wanna believe they’re stronger than that!”</p>

      <p>The more I said it aloud, the more my confidence faltered. My trauma flared up, and my legs wobbled.</p>

      <p>“Mister, as Snow told you earlier, it takes longer than a few days for people to get stronger. It might look like they’ve changed on the surface, but they’re concealing intense emotions underneath. I’m no different either. I still haven’t really sorted out how I feel about parting with Lorwen.”</p>

      <p>Managing to bring somebody around a single time would never be enough to totally transform them, and Reaper was using herself as an example to relay that cruel reality to me.</p>

      <p>“Reaper...”</p>

      <p>As I’d been the one who had taken Lorwen’s life, I had no reply.</p>

      <p>“In any case, the balance of the ship is more precarious than you thought, so be careful, all right? Think of how Lorwen would feel if, a few days after you parted with him in such a badass way, he reunited with you in the next life because a woman stabbed you to death.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right. I won’t tell anyone. Or rather, I <em>can’t</em> tell anyone.”</p>

      <p>“Good, then we’re right as rain. Then again, I guess you could make them <em>all</em> your wives. That’s your other option!”</p>

      <p>“Hold up.” I could hardly ignore that remark. Despite not being able to take a single step, I reacted with over-the-top surprise, which left me in yet another strange pose.</p>

      <p>“It’s all or nothing! If you go for <em>all</em>, it should be fine, mister!”</p>

      <p>“No, hold up. Hold on a second! What do you mean, make them <em>all</em> my wives?”</p>

      <p>“I mean it literally. You claim everyone of ’em as yours. Isn’t that nice, mister? You get a harem.”</p>

      <p>This friend, so little that I’d thought of her as a kind of daughter, saying shit like that with the most innocent eyes...</p>

      <p><em>Point me to ’em. Point me to the bastards who taught little Reaper a word like “harem”! Lorwen (the sword) and I are gonna lay the smackdown on ’em!</em></p>

      <p>“No way anybody would be satisfied with that. Also, don’t call it ‘claiming’ them; that’s weird.”</p>

      <p>“Hm, I think it’ll be fine, actually. Snow and Maria may be on the possessive side, but if you do your best to pamper and spoil them, they’ll come around. Probably.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t be absurd,” I stammered. “Is polygamy normal in the Alliance?”</p>

      <p>“There are plenty of lands within the Alliance that allow polygamy. If I had to guess, it’s particularly prevalent among rich merchants and nobles and the like.”</p>

      <p><em>For real? Fantasy worlds are something else...</em></p>

      <p>The culture of this alien world blew me away. My Thought Streams skill analyzed what Reaper had told me and concluded she wasn’t necessarily wrong. After all, the girls regularly exhibited such excessive reactions to the idea of abandonment or getting left out. Maybe if I swore I’d never abandon any of them and made sure to tend to them equally, everybody would come out of it truly happy. If, as Reaper said, I catered to the whims of one of them whenever their expression started turning sour, I could manage to...</p>

      <p><em>Okay, the more I think about it, the more I get the feeling I’m becoming a sleazeball and stooping to levels a proper human being should not stoop to.</em> The kind of just-deserts ending you see in soap operas wouldn’t stop flitting through my mind. <em>I mustn’t give up. There’s got to be a way to avoid winding up like that!</em></p>

      <p>“Dammit, I’m getting an aneurysm worrying about the scummiest shit ever!”</p>

      <p>“It’s your fault, big brother. That’s just what womanizers get.”</p>

      <p>“First you say ‘harem,’ now ‘womanizer’! Where’d you learn naughty words like that?! Tell me and I’ll go have a little chat with ’em real quick!”</p>

      <p>“D-Do you know how scary you look right now? There’s no one person. I learned when I linked up with the people of Laoravia. Truth be told, I got hit with so much raw knowledge that my head’s all jumbled up right now.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right. It was from that, huh?”</p>

      <p>Having lost someone to vent my anger at, I felt a tad disappointed.</p>

      <p>“And a subset of that knowledge is telling me that you’re a womanizer, and not just any old womanizer, but one so scummy he can’t hope to die a peaceful death! It’s telling me that to keep breathing, you <em>need</em> a harem!”</p>

      <p>“Normally I’d have half a mind to sue for defamation, but part of me knows you’re right!”</p>

      <p>“Be careful. No lie; the shadow of death will be looming over you this whole voyage. You’re in grave, grave danger, not from <em>Palinchron</em> or <em>monsters</em>, but from your ring of ladies!”</p>

      <p>“I see. So they’re even more dangerous than Palinchron...and that danger will be with me the entire time...”</p>

      <p>“But on the other hand, you’re packed to the gills with skills that can detect impending death before it reaches you, so I’m sure things’ll work out for ya. Good news!”</p>

      <p>I felt nauseous. Just picturing it made my trauma intensify. Lately, I’d had the sense that far from overcoming my trauma, I was only getting worse. Given the girls’ sheer power, they were easily capable of fashioning a fresh new hell, a fact that fueled my dark imagination. I could see it now. The fire. The flames!</p>

      <p>“You think maybe it’ll sort itself out if I tell everybody I like them all as family?”</p>

      <p>“I dunno. If you ask me, that’d make them all look super gloomy. It might even cause their frustration to pile up until they explode.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, to me, saying you love someone like you love family is the ultimate expression of love.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, to <em>you</em>...but it’s pointless. Because it would be more natural for you to like them not as family but romantically.”</p>

      <p>“So what you’re telling me is that if I don’t wanna bite it, I should make this polygamy thing a reality?”</p>

      <p>“That’s what the doctor orders. Everybody wins!”</p>

      <p>“I can’t see that ending in any way but tears and anguish, but okay.”</p>

      <p>“Tears and anguish for you, yeah, but not for everybody else.”</p>

      <p>“You don’t think my own happiness counts?”</p>

      <p>“You gave up that right when you spread yourself so thin. Be mature about it and claim all of ’em.”</p>

      <p>“Would you quit saying I’m ‘claiming’ them? What are they to you, pets?”</p>

      <p>“You can’t blame me; it’s your memories and emotions that raised me. I think I’m probably the same as <em>you</em>. You want me to come out and say it anyway?”</p>

      <p>If I heard it said, my heart would break. “Yeah, no, that’s okay.”</p>

      <p>Now that I understood how scared for my life I should be, I began seriously mulling over Reaper’s polygamy suggestion. It was just to survive. And thinking about it, it <em>was</em> a practice that had occurred frequently throughout the history of my world too. To men of modern times, it sounded like a dream come true, but the important point in this case was the reason behind the whole idea, which changed what it entailed dramatically. It wasn’t polygamy for my sake, it was for <em>theirs</em>. This wasn’t anything as pleasant-sounding as a harem. It was something else. Something nasty and sordid.</p>

      <p>“I... I can’t. I just can’t.”</p>

      <p>My goal was to return to my world. How could I possibly excuse my actions to my sister when I did? “Polygamy’s a thing in that world, so I found myself with a bunch of wives”? Saying that simply wasn’t an option. Polygamy wasn’t legal in modern Japan, and I was Japanese. That was reason enough to firmly reject the notion. Besides, I saw the value in what I considered to be a normal love life. The sort of pure love you saw in S-tier TV shows was the ideal I aspired to. I didn’t want to get dragged into this faux-harem <em>something</em> that was more terrifying than the grave without ever having experienced proper romantic love a single time.</p>

      <p>I strung together a reply as if somebody were operating my mouth like a puppeteer. “The only love I’ll ever pursue is <em>pure</em> love. A person should marry their one and only soulmate, and that’s it.”</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh,” she replied less than energetically, staring at me with the eyes of a person watching a pig trying to climb a tree. She clearly thought my chances of that were nil.</p>

      <p>“I’ll never regard polygamy as legit, got it?! Never!”</p>

      <p>“I get it, I get it. Fine, so if you’re not gonna go the harem route, what’ll you do instead?”</p>

      <p>I gave it some more thought. Upon reflection, I realized that hitting Lastiara with how I felt about her wasn’t going to work, and that confessing was a meaningless proposition from the outset. After all, even if she responded positively, all that awaited me on that path was ruin. Let’s say we started dating. Our love for each other would likely deepen with every passing day, and the more time I spent with her, the fonder I’d grow of her—only for ??? to snatch those “dangerous” feelings of affection away from me, leaving her in the lurch. I could try controlling my emotions, but the end result would be the same. Either way, I couldn’t avoid a fate where her affections went unanswered, and that was no sort of romantic relationship at all. I’d die before I’d call something like that “pure love.” There was no way it could work out.</p>

      <p>“For the time being, I’ll refrain from confessing. I’ve only spent about a week’s worth of time with her so far anyway, come to think of it. Thinking about it calmly, I understand nothing good can come of rushing things. Looks like I threw myself for a bit of a loop overthinking it.”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t wise to have such heavy discussions with Maria, Snow, and Lastiara in such rapid succession. Now I realized how cornered I’d been feeling. I laughed hoarsely.</p>

      <p>“Right. I’m happy you’re calmer now,” said Reaper, smiling sadly.</p>

      <p>“I think I’ll see how things go, at least until I can be sure of how I feel.”</p>

      <p>“Sounds like a plan. Let’s wait a little longer. Wait until after you reunite with your sister...or at least until after you’ve defeated Palinchron Regacy.”</p>

      <p>“That’s what I’ll do...”</p>

      <p>I decided to wait until I could delete my ??? skill.</p>

      <p>“Starting tomorrow, we’ll return to the status quo. You good with that?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, nothing else to be done.” Newly calm and composed, I no longer wished to stop my skills from doing their work. It was time to take the first step of my new life.</p>

      <p>Just then, Reaper shivered with a jolt, much like a cat. She must have detected something through <em>Dimension</em>.</p>

      <p>“What’s the matter?”</p>

      <p>“Hm. Lastiara’s headed this way.”</p>

      <p>I held my racing heart in check and asked her how Lastiara looked at the moment.</p>

      <p>“Until a second ago, she was fidgeting like crazy over on the prow, but now she looks all sharp and dignified. Seems like she’s calmed down too.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Good, then.”</p>

      <p>I was relieved that I could talk to her calmly before things became a tangled mess.</p>

      <p>“All right, I’m off,” said Reaper, who was thoughtful enough to leave us alone.</p>

      <p>“Reaper...sorry for the trouble I caused you. You’re a lifesaver.”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. We’re friends, aren’t we?” she said.</p>

      <p>What a cool line. Just like always, she acted beyond her years. Or rather, her year.</p>

      <p>“Yep, we’re friends. Thank you.”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee. That’s all I want. That’s all I need to make me super happy,” she said, flashing me a carefree smile. “See ya!”</p>

      <p>With that, she left through the window, probably to avoid running into Lastiara, who’d come in through the door. Personally, I wished she would quit using the windows that way. As a sort of guardian to her, people would think I had a screw loose, letting her do that.</p>

      <p>Just as I found myself thinking such parental thoughts, Lastiara arrived.</p>

      <p>“Er, Kanami? You still there?” she asked from the other side of the door.</p>

      <p>I did my best to appear normal as I beckoned her inside. She stepped in awkwardly and squirmed a little as she chewed on her words.</p>

      <p>“Er, uh, so, Kanami...” After cooling her head with the nice sea breeze, the redness in her face was gone. She was the same as me. She’d regained her composure after quite the fright.</p>

      <p>“What... What happened before was just... I was just <em>startled</em>, so don’t get the wrong idea!”</p>

      <p>Unable to fully choose her words, she shouted them out, which caught me off guard. I reflexively nodded.</p>

      <p>She continued, as if trying to convince herself. “I tried doing something a bit hero-chronicley and ended up getting caught up in the situation, that’s all! It was the <em>situation</em>’s fault, so it never happened! It never happened, right?!”</p>

      <p>Actually, maybe she wasn’t <em>just</em> trying to convince herself. I got the sense she was excusing her actions to the girl she was so close to—Maria.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I get it. I figured I’d just pretend it never happened, myself.” I agreed with her stance. Not that I had any other choice.</p>

      <p>“Right, let’s just forget about it! Granted, it <em>was</em> useful as a reference for my hero tales...but now I know it’s not something to be done lightly either,” she said, head drooping.</p>

      <p>“I’m happy it was at least some help to you...” I said, just as feebly.</p>

      <p>“I shouldn’t have tricked your amnesiac self to ask that of you to begin with. I regret it a ton.”</p>

      <p>“If that’s how you feel, then let’s restrain ourselves from now on, I guess.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I won’t do it again. And that’s that. It’s over and done with! The end!”</p>

      <p>She was trying to put her emotions behind her by shouting it out. I followed her lead and filed that hug in the never-happened box in my brain. And in doing so, we chose the harsher road forward.</p>

      <p>Having totally switched emotional gears, I changed the subject. “So, uh, Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah?”</p>

      <p>“Up ’til now, you’re the only one who’s known my true origins. The fact that I’m from a different world. I’m gonna stop keeping that a secret, though.”</p>

      <p>In the past, I’d promised her that if I worked up the courage to tell Maria about my origins, I could ask Lastiara about her own secret. But I’d learned her secret already, so I figured I should uphold my end of the bargain by divulging mine without delay.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that. Now that you mention it, I guess I’m the only one who knows... Damn, now I feel guilty again.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be honest; there’s more I’m keeping from you all too. Like skills and spells and stuff.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? I could kinda tell. You’ve got loads of shady abilities, see. I figured as much.”</p>

      <p>“I wanna take this opportunity to reveal everything to everybody.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, that’s nice of you. I, for one, would love to hear your secrets.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll tell everybody all at once tomorrow morning, so could you let the others know when you see them?”</p>

      <p>“You got it. Leave it to me.”</p>

      <p>We were chatting as comrades and friends, same as always. On the surface, it might have seemed like we were back to normal.</p>

      <p>On the surface.</p>

      <p>“Right then, see you tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, see you then,” she said, her expression sunny.</p>

      <p>I returned to my own cabin, plopping onto the bed right away and falling asleep. And so ended day one of this brand-new leg of my adventures... It ended with an ever so slightly open seam.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>