<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: A Fun, Fun, Heartwarming Boat Trip</h1>

      <p>On the deck, I sucked in a lungful of the nice ocean air. The nose-tickling smell of the sea was so invigorating, and the salty breeze blew through my bangs pleasantly. I looked up at the sky, a boundless expanse of blue, and at the center of that clear-weather canvas shone the pure-white sun, its rays shooting in every direction. The reflections of the one ever-rounder sun up above, glittering on the water, looked like a dozen or so little suns.</p>

      <p>The great deep that stretched beyond the horizon struck a slightly lighter shade of blue than the sky; while darker than aqua blue, it was still paler than <em>blue</em> blue, making for a beautiful ocean hue that was different from the sky. The canvas of the waves was painted with irregular patches of dark indigo as well. If I had to guess, I’d say the color shifted depending on how deep the water was there. Now there was a use of color that surpassed any art, and it could only be found in nature. A silver fish jumping from under the surface, a white bird flapping in the distance...the music of the sea playing alongside the quiet splashing of the wavelets. I closed my eyes and soaked in that exquisite music. It was truly tranquil, peaceful. I thought so from the bottom of my heart.</p>

      <p>But my heart itself wasn’t tranquil. The opposite of the clear sky above, ominous clouds darkened my soul. So much so that I let out a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Ugh.”</p>

      <p>My heartbeat was alarmingly fast, and I felt suffocated, which wasn’t helped by the pain of this mouth ulcer. I even got the feeling my skin was getting slightly chapped and rough. The rings around my eyes now deeper, I couldn’t hide my fatigue.</p>

      <p>“My stomach hurts...” I muttered, blurting out what I was thinking deep down toward the beautiful blue sky.</p>

      <p>I staggered and leaned over some of the wood railing. I hadn’t gotten much shut-eye, so I was feeling not so steady on my feet. That wasn’t to say the voyage from the Alliance to the mainland wasn’t smooth sailing, of course. I’d won the Brawl, seen off Lorwen, the Guardian of Floor 30, obtained the magic gem ship the <em>Living Legend</em>, and shaken off our pursuers. And now we were traveling straight west without getting into any accidents or distress. What could that be called apart from smooth sailing? And yet here I was, tuckered out to the extreme. I was drained to the very bone. And I was so depressed I had half a mind to climb over the railing and jump into the drink.</p>

      <p>Why was I so very weary, you may ask? Let’s rewind the clock to the first day of the voyage.</p>

      <p>First came the squaring of promises with my allies. Then there was the cramped sensation of being the sole guy in this small, sealed environment called a ship. The excessive <em>touching</em> they were inflicting on me. The death-circle of besiegement was only getting tighter. That wasn’t to mention the trouble we were running into in the Dungeon and our lack of success in making it to the fortieth floor.</p>

      <p>And then there was the cherry on top. The pièce de résistance. I’d run into the number one source of my woes. I’d run into <em>her.</em> The ephemeral girl with the white hair and fair skin. Her face looked so familiar, and that was only natural. After all, one of the materials that constituted her was once <em>him.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The day after the Brawl ended.</p>

      <p>After escaping the Alliance port in Greeard, we’d finally obtained some free time without having to look behind us constantly. After Reaper and I got our voyage nice and stable, Lastiara took the lead regarding the allocation of our cabins. Each of us entered the rooms we’d been assigned and tried recuperating from the fatigue of the Brawl. The second I entered the room I’d made a beeline for, I collapsed onto the bed. I didn’t even have the energy to look around first. Getting to the port in Greeard had been difficult enough, but then Lastiara had needled me to raid a casino in order to secure funds, and while I had that to thank for acquiring the <em>Living Legend</em>, a space where I could sleep without keeping one eye open, it also ran me ragged. I figured I’d use this day to get some rest, and I was about to close my eyes when a knock on the door dashed those hopes of retiring.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami...are you there?”</p>

      <p>It was Maria’s voice. Surprised by this unexpected visit, I got out of bed and opened the door.</p>

      <p>“You’re good,” I said, after a pause. “Feel free to come in.”</p>

      <p>Maria was a girl with black hair like me. When I first met her, she’d been scrawny, but now her build was more feminine and soft, probably due to the fact she had enough to eat these days. Her previously gloomy expression was gradually becoming cheerier, which was a good trend. But there was something I couldn’t allow myself to forget—both of her black eyes were artificial. Our battle against each other had cost her her vision.</p>

      <p>“Forgive me. I know you must be really tired, but would you be so kind as to spare me some of your time?” she asked, with a serious expression.</p>

      <p>“That’s okay, don’t worry about it. I’m A-OK.”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t a lie. While I was at my limit physically, that just meant I couldn’t fight. A simple chat wouldn’t be a problem...so long as Maria didn’t revert to her previous look of gloom and start a fight. And so long as the ship didn’t catch fire from Alty’s insane flame magic. And so long as Dia or Lastiara or someone didn’t enter the fray, turning everything into chaos. As long as none of that happened, we’d be okay. Our party was a tight-knit band working as one. That was what we’d all sworn upon our daybreak departure to the sea. There was no way such a thing could happen. It couldn’t. We were going to be <em>fine</em>. At least, that was what I kept telling myself, but my eyes fell on the sword (Lorwen, Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan) at my waist and ticked Responsiveness to full power in preparation to listen to her.</p>

      <p><em>All right, now let’s hear what’s on her mind.</em></p>

      <p>“So, Maria, you’ve got something to tell me?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. It’s important.”</p>

      <p><em>Something important? Something important involving Maria...</em> I quelled the trauma shivers and maintained my smile.</p>

      <p>“I’ve got something important to talk to you about too. We’re aboard ship now, so it’s okay. Let’s have a nice chat.”</p>

      <p>I had a hunch what this was about from Maria’s general vibe. We probably had the same topic in mind. We’d been too busy in the Alliance to be able to bring it up, but now we had time.</p>

      <p>She looked down at her feet. “Er, well...it’s about when I fought you alongside Alty on the Day of the Blessed Birth.”</p>

      <p>“I figured.”</p>

      <p>I looked down too. That battle had left deep scars on both our hearts. I was sure that on a subconscious level, we both wanted to pretend it had never happened. But that was the very reason we lifted our heads and recalled the events of that fateful day.</p>

      <p>“On that day, I betrayed you,” muttered Maria. “I repaid your goodwill by spitting in your face, and I went so far as to aim for your life...”</p>

      <p>Her face was contorted with remorse, and she was trembling from head to toe. I was probably making the same expression and trembling the same way. Just remembering the fires of that purgatory made our hearts shrink into themselves.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it, Maria. I was the one who did wrong by you. I told you then, didn’t I? You look a lot like the only family I have. That’s why I spent my coin to buy you, kept you by my side, doted on you, and used you as a tool for my own satisfaction. I never spared a thought on what might make you happy, and I pretended like I never heard your feelings for me. I kept hurting you. The fire I tasted that day was my just deserts.”</p>

      <p>“No, you did absolutely nothing wrong. You rescued a slave and gave her a hearth and home by your side. Anybody who hears about what you did would think nothing but that you were perfectly in the clear. In fact, they’d be moved by the tale of your good deeds. And not thinking about a slave’s happiness? Pretending you didn’t hear about my feelings for you? That’s a normal reaction.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? A normal reaction?”</p>

      <p>“You’re too good-hearted,” she said matter-of-factly. “You may believe that feelings of love need to be responded to earnestly and in good faith, but in the real world it’s the opposite. The majority of people out there usually pretend they didn’t notice or use those feelings to their advantage. Often enough, they just think of it as a pain and deliberately ignore it. Doubly so if that person is a slave.”</p>

      <p>In this world, these values—which were the opposite of my own—might be the most commonly held view. Since I wasn’t of this world, I couldn’t reply, so I kept my mouth shut.</p>

      <p>“Despite that, your needless sense of guilt caused you to say you didn’t mind if I made you mine to possess, and you didn’t mind if you died. You’re an idiot. You’re a big, huge dummy,” she continued.</p>

      <p>Due to Alty’s Decimal Trial driving my back to the wall, I’d staked it all on Maria, prepared to die in the process.</p>

      <p>“I do get the feeling I said a lot of stupid stuff...but that’s just what I’m like when I’m that cornered. I can’t say any of it was a lie. If you really aimed for the deepest level in my place, then—”</p>

      <p>“It’s just not right,” she interrupted. “I can’t make you mine to possess.” While the sentiment made her happy, she shook her head as she walked closer. “I have no reason to do that to you, after all. Not anymore. Not after what you told me. You said you won’t leave me behind. That you won’t leave me alone. And I believe you. I don’t have my eyes, so I can’t even tell for sure whether you’re lying, but I’ll trust you anyway. I’ll trust in you from now on.”</p>

      <p>Maria embraced me. Placing her hands on my waist, she leaned her head on my chest, and I caressed her black hair.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. I won’t leave you alone anymore. Rest easy.”</p>

      <p>Maria had torn up the “contract” I’d proposed on the Day of the Blessed Birth, but not because she didn’t trust me. She’d rejected the idea <em>because</em> she trusted me. I could practically see the emotional bonds tying us firmly together. She had chosen to believe in the sanctity of our bond, which was far more precious to her than any agreement predicated on terms and conditions and self-interest. Consequently, both she and I stopped shivering so much. We had overcome our trauma to take another step forward. After a long hug, she distanced herself. Gone was the dispirited look on her face.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. Now I’m relieved. You’re so pointlessly sincere and upright that I thought maybe you thought you were mine to have now. Not to repeat myself, but you don’t belong to anybody.”</p>

      <p>It was her usual expression. Not the hollow look of days past or one of pure despair. She was back to the Maria I remembered when we’d tackled the Dungeon as a diving duo.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. You’re right. No one owns me.”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee, that’s right. It’s the other way around, really. If I had to say, I’m the one who belongs to you,” she announced with a radiant smile.</p>

      <p>While she’d reverted to the old Maria, I could hardly let what she’d just said stand.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, Maria. The conversation was totally about to end on a nice note, right? You know, a ‘nobody belongs to anybody’ sort of note. If I don’t belong to anyone, you don’t either. It’d be best to end our chat with that, don’t you think?”</p>

      <p>“It’s apples and oranges. You did nothing wrong, but I’m sitting on so many sins. I was full-on intending to kill you.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, but I forgive you. That’s not—”</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s not to be forgiven and not to be tolerated. I need to atone for those sins. I burned down your home, betrayed you at the eleventh hour, and was even about to kill you. I can’t atone for all that through some run-of-the-mill penance. Oh, whatever should I do? I have no other choice; I simply <em>must</em> give my all to you. I don’t feel I can fully atone unless I go that far, so there’s no other recourse. No recourse but to become yours to have in a way that goes <em>beyond</em> a slave. Your complete and utter possession,” she said, clearly having fun.</p>

      <p>My smile turned wry. “I told you I forgave you, didn’t I?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, what to do... You hate being called ‘Master,’ so how about I call you ‘Owner’? Doesn’t sound half bad, does it?”</p>

      <p>“Listen to me, would you?! You did nothing wrong, so don’t go saying you’ll become someone’s possession!”</p>

      <p>“I did nothing wrong? Try weighing our crimes rationally, please. No matter how you slice it, I’m the one who’s more in the wrong than you. Besides, you do realize this whole suggestion was yours to begin with? You’re the one who wanted to sell yourself to me first, aren’t you? Spouting a silly line like you’d gladly become mine to have if I saved your sister. So you’re saying it’s fine if you belong to me, but wrong if I belong to you? Oh, I suppose you’re just being nice to me again. Are you planning to always treat me with such undue partiality? You don’t want to be equals?”</p>

      <p>“Okay, okay. I get it. I won’t give you everything. I’ll treat you as an equal, so please, lay off me...”</p>

      <p>Hearing me surrender, her demeanor changed completely, and she spoke very calmly and peacefully. “That’s where we’re at. So even if you tell me you’ll become mine, it would do nothing but put me out. Please don’t forget that. I say all this because from where I’m standing, you’re the type to say the same thing to somebody else in a few days’ time if I leave you to your own devices.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, fine. I’ll try not to say anything rash or hasty.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, her whole ridiculous monologue was just to scold me for my behavior. Understanding what she was getting at, I nodded. To be honest, I had too much of a history with rash remarks.</p>

      <p>“Good, please be careful. Otherwise, the boy I like will end up as somebody else’s possession before I know it. And I think that if that happened, I’d die.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You’d die? You’re just joking, right?”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s not a joke. And I meant ninety-nine percent of what I said earlier. Even if I had to become your possession, I’d still like to be by your side. I don’t want to spend a second away from you. I’ll come out and say it—I love you. Now that everything’s out in the open, I’ll say it again and again, so listen up! I, Maria, love you, Aikawa Kanami. I love you so much I’d die.”</p>

      <p>“Right, got it...”</p>

      <p>Her confession was so blunt that I didn’t know what tone to take. I mean, I’d already known she liked me, but getting told all that in times of peace made a man feel embarrassed and awkward. Of course, that went for her too. While she’d maintained a poker-faced, generic smile, she was a tiny bit red around the ears. In the past, I probably wouldn’t have even noticed that blush, but now I could tell. Her constant string of snide remarks had been to hide her own embarrassment. It was her habit of trying to appear strong because one doesn’t want to show one’s weak points to anybody. The more uneasy she got, the more lip she gave. And when the person she wanted to be liked by was before her eyes, she only ever said stuff that wasn’t exactly endearing. The way she approached those she wanted to rely on was fatally broken. That was how she was. And seeing her that way pained my heart a little.</p>

      <p>If Maria was like this, then the same must have gone for the girl named Alty. Unlike with Lorwen, I’d never really understood Alty even as our battle came to a close. I’d viewed her as a monster during our fight, not a person, and looking back, I really regretted that. The way she’d been lippy with me right until the end...</p>

      <p><em>If I’m not wrong, that’s just like how Maria...</em> I grimaced.</p>

      <p>Maria reacted by hastily adding, “Er, so, uh...I still haven’t touched on the main thing I wanted to talk about, actually...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, uh, yeah, I know. I’ve been wanting to talk about the main thing too.”</p>

      <p>I knew that, after overcoming that battle, she was making an effort to be more upfront about her feelings. We’d both vowed not to keep secrets anymore. That was why she was being so direct.</p>

      <p>“How do <em>you</em> feel about <em>me?</em> Please tell me the truth—and leave any partiality toward me or sense of guilt aside. After everything I’ve done, are you really going to allow me to stay by your side?”</p>

      <p>Her question rang nostalgic; Alty and Lastiara had asked me similar questions in the Dungeon before. Back then, I hadn’t been able to reply immediately. I’d misrepresented how I really felt. It was time to tell her the unvarnished truth.</p>

      <p>“I’d be happy if you remained by my side, of course. I do l-like you too. Only, I can’t say that I love you in a romantic sense. I think that deep down, I still see my sister in you, so...”</p>

      <p>I myself thought that was a craven way to phrase it. The reply was essentially the same as rejecting her love confession. Yet Maria smiled contentedly.</p>

      <p>“That’s all I need. That’s enough for me.” The temperature of the room had risen in accordance with her confession. Burning magic energy was flowing from inside her. She blushed a little and said, “Thank you very much, Mr. Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“No, thank you, Maria.”</p>

      <p>I smiled back and put a hand on her head, which she accepted, digesting the tactile sensation and twisting around like a contented cat. With that, our relationship was back to the way it had been... No, I reckoned our bond was even stronger now. Maybe that bond had been born of something negative like trauma or the need to atone, but all the same, I could sense the presence of one as thick as blood.</p>

      <p>As I stroked her head, I said, “Maria...I’ll tell you everything about me. Tomorrow, even.”</p>

      <p>What we needed for the battles to come was mutual understanding. It was doubtless especially necessary in the face of a foe who would strike us where we were psychologically vulnerable. A foe like Palinchron. I’d decided that I would tell all of my allies everything—the fact that I was from a different world. The unidentified skills I had. Everything.</p>

      <p>“Everything about you?” she said with a serious look. “You’re speaking of how you’re from a separate world, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’m thinking of gathering everybody together tomorrow so I can tell you all at once. I’m not just gonna tell you, I’m gonna tell the whole gang.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, understood,” she said, beaming.</p>

      <p>It was an expression I’d never seen on her face before. She’d accepted that we were all equals as if she had just hacked up all the sediment that had been building up inside her. The relief she felt was real, as if she had finally been able to fix a shirt that had been buttoned up wrong. That expression assured me that Maria would never let her troubles fester unresolved again.</p>

      <p>Happy with my promise, she made to leave the room. However, right before opening the door and exiting, she said the following.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Kanami. In all honesty, I don’t think even becoming yours to have would fully atone for my sins. So I’d like to repay the remainder to you gradually over time. From now until always.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Gotcha. But just so you know, I’m thinking the same thought you are.”</p>

      <p>“Really? The same thought...”</p>

      <p>We both wanted to make it up to the other. After learning that, we said our see-yous, just like we had in the past.</p>

      <p>“Have a good night...my esteemed owner.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, goodnight. You’re as cheeky as ever, Maria.”</p>

      <p>But unlike back then, there wasn’t a shred of gloom between us. We left off with the sort of banter that friends who had their guard down around each other could spout. I stared at the door that Maria had closed behind her. Before I knew it, my body had stopped trembling. That was the moment I started believing that we had become <em>true</em> friends and allies. More and more, I had something to show for the battles that had led to today—the battle of the Day of the Blessed Birth and the battles of the Brawl. From deep inside to the tips of my fingers and toes, a sense of satisfaction was suffusing me—or that was the feeling I got.</p>

      <p>Sadly, that sensation wouldn’t last long. It only lasted for less than a minute. My next visitor had come along to replace Maria.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>After a light knock, the door that had closed mere moments prior swung open again. It was Snow, and she seemed jittery. Wearing her usual folk-costume dress, her dragonewt tail was wagging from side to side. And her eyes were darting restlessly as she pressed her index fingers together, chewing on her words.</p>

      <p>“Uh, I just...happened by, thinking...I’d like to talk to you, so...yeah.”</p>

      <p>From how she was acting, I could tell she’d listened in on my conversation with Maria. Snow then noticed that I’d noticed. She lowered her head in apology.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Kanami. I eavesdropped on your chat with Mar-Mar.”</p>

      <p>“That’s okay; we were speaking pretty loud. I don’t mind.”</p>

      <p>It would have been a very different story if, however, she’d actively used her vibration magic to listen in. I couldn’t be sure, but I had my suspicions that was indeed what she’d done. She certainly wasn’t above eavesdropping. She had a prior record testifying to that.</p>

      <p>Snow continued, unaware that I suspected her of foul play. “So, tell me, Kanami—it’s okay if you belong to Mar-Mar? When I asked you to be mine, you insisted up and down it was wrong.”</p>

      <p>She’d asked me point-blank. No beating around the bush. Clearly, she was shocked to hear I’d once told Maria I didn’t mind belonging to her.</p>

      <p>I replied without beating around the bush myself. “That’s because your circumstances are totally different from Maria’s. We’ve been through so much, Maria and I. We’ve been to hell and back...”</p>

      <p>The light in her eyes faded gradually. “I... I see. We’re different... I mean, we’d have to be... It’s why you wouldn’t become mine... Heh heh. Heh heh heh. It’s okay. I knew it all along. I knew you just don’t like me—”</p>

      <p>I grabbed Snow’s shoulder and shouted. “Snow! Wait, calm down! You overhead us, so you understand, don’t you? Maria and I had a dark past before that exchange happened. I’d wounded her heart badly. That’s the only reason I told her I didn’t mind if I became hers to have. I’m not saying that I would hate becoming yours to have in particular!”</p>

      <p>I was afraid of Snow regressing after we’d made such progress. If a Brawl-level fight ever broke out on board, the <em>Living Legend</em> would go up in flames.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>