<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Break Time’s Over</h1>

      <p>It didn’t take very long at all for us to iron out our plans for the day’s dive, after which we turned everyone’s EXP into level-ups. I poured all of my bonus points into MAG to enhance my staying power in battle.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 369/370</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 520/920-400</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Diver</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 20</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 11.55</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 13.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 17.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 20.86</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 17.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 46.44</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I’d finally reached Level 20. My stats were incomparable to my stats when I was first summoned to this world. Before, I was merely among the strongest humans alive. Now, my level was in the 20s, which could be called the upper bound of what humans were capable of. Of course, I had no intention of resting on my laurels. Given my position, I was forced to aim past human limits—past a level in the 20s. The Dungeon contained a hundred floors; I was only getting started.</p>

      <p>“Doing good...”</p>

      <p>I clenched a fist to test the might I’d gained. If I wasn’t mistaken, every one of my friends currently on the deck of this ship would grow past Level 30 one day. We were strong now. And we were more mature too. I was sure of it. We had advanced in life.</p>

      <p>Just as I was telling myself that, Reaper shouted out while watching the waves. “Ship’s sailing smoothly!” she reported. “Only, we’re passing by more ships now than before! Maybe it’s cuz we’re closer to the mainland!”</p>

      <p>She had a map unfurled on the deck’s table, measuring the distance between us and the mainland. It had also occurred to me that the surrounding seas were changing. The climate was stabilizing, and we were spotting more ships, which we assumed to be merchant vessels.</p>

      <p>“You’re right, Reaper. But we’re getting ships that are trying to make contact with us, so warn the non-Dungeon crew.”</p>

      <p>I brought it to Maria’s attention and gathered the day’s diving party together. Since our chief goal this time around was to get past the underwater zone of Floor 35, Maria, who was vulnerable to water, was going to stay behind.</p>

      <p>Entrusted with our home, she replied with gusto, “It’s okay, Mr. Kanami. You can count on me to protect this ship. Whatever foes I may face, I refuse to lose anything again!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, that’s... That’s not what I mean. It’s not just this ship I’m worried about. Just...try to be gentle with anyone who’s making contact, okay?”</p>

      <p>With Maria around, I wasn’t worried in the least about losing a naval battle. The only scenario whereby the <em>Living Legend </em>would go down was if one of <em>us</em> went berserk. Let’s not mince words; it was Maria and company who were the enemies of the <em>Living Legend</em> if anyone, and I was more worried about the other ships than ours. What if they were merchant vessels that meant no harm? Who knew what would happen if Maria wasn’t in an understanding mood?</p>

      <p>“But, Mr. Kanami, we’re close to a battleground, so I think pirate ships can be found in this area. And I won’t hold back against them. I’ll burn them to crisps, no questions asked.”</p>

      <p>“No, I want you to go easy on ’em even if they’re pirates. Make sure there’s as little killing as possible...”</p>

      <p>“You’re being naive. Nothing good can come of holding back against scoundrels and scumbags.”</p>

      <p>I really, really didn’t want her sullying her hands, but having been born in this world, she was too tough-as-nails to have much of an aversion to killing. If I insisted, she’d just keep calling me naive, so I reluctantly dropped it and faced the <em>Connection</em> portal.</p>

      <p>“All right, fine. So, today it’ll be me, Snow, Reaper, and Dia. The four of us will make it as far as we can.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. Take care.” She saw me off with a smile.</p>

      <p>Then we dragged Snow through the <em>Connection</em> gateway. She’d insisted on staying till the end (“I don’t wanna go!”), but nobody took her side—she was the strongest when it came to underwater combat, so there was nothing for it. We’d made quite the discovery after I had observed everybody during our swimming practice. Snow’s swimming skills far outstripped the others. I asked her why, and she replied that it might be because she had water dragon blood in her veins. Wasn’t that something? With a background like <em>that</em>, it was unanimous: <em>she</em> would be in charge of the underwater area. There were no grounds for leniency for the girl who’d been trying to hide how good she was at swimming.</p>

      <p>We stepped through the portal to Floor 30. The plan was once again to avoid pointless encounters. Defeating normal monsters was a walk in the park, so we didn’t need to level grind at the moment. If we wanted to, it would be more efficient to do with easier enemies on Floor 39 or thereabouts, where they’d presumably yield the most EXP gains.</p>

      <p>Using Reaper’s darkness magic to reduce our encounters, we reached the submerged stairs leading to Floor 35 in due time. As planned, we took off our outer layer of clothing, stripping down to the bare minimum: our swimsuits and our weapons. We would try fighting this way until the water became murkier or small aquatic creatures started appearing in droves.</p>

      <p>Before venturing onto Floor 35, it was time for a final check.</p>

      <p>“All right, we’re fully prepared. For the most part, I’ll be in front with Reaper as rear guard. Dia will hold on to Snow’s hand at all times. Snow, it all hinges on whether you can keep Dia from harm, so no slacking off, got it?”</p>

      <p>Snow gripped Dia’s prosthetic hand with a gloomy expression. “Can’t exactly slack off in this position, even if I wanted to...”</p>

      <p>If she let go of Dia’s hand, it could be life-or-death for the other girl, and she understood that, which was why she hated the responsibility. But now that she’d been entrusted with this duty, she’d definitely see it through. I’d arranged it this way because I understood that much. I intended to get her to pitch in by whatever means I could.</p>

      <p>Dia, meanwhile, was acting mighty apologetic, probably because she needed us to defend her.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Snow... If only I was a better swimmer...”</p>

      <p>“No... No, it’s...it’s fine, I don’t mind! If it’s for your sake, I’ll do my best!”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Snow.”</p>

      <p>Clearly, Snow’s mindset had shifted into suck-up-to-Dia-to-get-Dia-in-her-debt mode. That only cemented my impression that as long as we dragged Snow along, she <em>would</em> do her job. Bringing her with us was a chore due to her laziness, but when it came to her sense of responsibility, she put in more effort than most. If that hadn’t been the case, she wouldn’t have felt as fettered by her ties and obligations to her noble house.</p>

      <p>“Okay, guys, shall we?” I prompted them.</p>

      <p>Our final checks complete, we each took a deep breath and jumped into the water. Down, down we swam, making headway through Floor 35. I made <em>Dimension</em> slowly expand in order to grasp our situation. Naturally, the water didn’t conduct magic energy very well, so the spell’s range was a tenth of what it normally was. After ascertaining that our surroundings were safe, I opened my eyes. Since my dimensional magic’s efficacy was diluted here, I’d probably have to rely on my vision more than a couple of times.</p>

      <p>Floor 35 was annoyingly underwater, but apart from that, it was pretty normal. From the look of it, it was just an ordinary floor of stone corridors that happened to be filled up with water. Said corridors weren’t particularly wide or narrow, and the layout wasn’t intricate in a three-dimensional way, which meant that we didn’t have to swim; we could also walk along the ground.</p>

      <p>We forged ever onward as I continually probed ahead with <em>Dimension</em>. During underwater Dungeon dives, nothing was more important than understanding how your allies were doing at any given moment. If even one of us ran out of air, that was it for our battle formation. I was forced to keep unceasing tabs on whether they were all following me. Periodically, I took leather bags filled with air out of my inventory to supply us with oxygen. I’d have no time to do so during battle, so I made sure that plenty of air breaks took place.</p>

      <p>As we progressed deeper, Snow’s absurd lung capacity really started to stand out. She paused for air once for every three times we did. And judging by her expression, she wasn’t really pushing herself either. She was basically only taking any breath breaks because I’d suggested we be diligent about it.</p>

      <p>At present, our time limit for no-breathing activity was around ten minutes. We could actively <em>swim</em> for ten minutes in that state, so it was no exaggeration to say that we were more than human on that front, but Snow was on a whole different level. I wouldn’t have been surprised if she could swim for hours. I’d felt this keenly back in the lava zone too, but dragonewts like her were built differently from normal humans on a fundamental level. While we humans couldn’t hack it underwater, I got the feeling that she could live right on volcanoes and icebergs, and, taking that logic to the extreme, even underwater or in midair.</p>

      <p>That settled it—Snow was definitely going to be key during underwater combat. It also meant we’d expect her to put in perfect attendance for Dungeon dives starting tomorrow. Poor Snow; she probably thought that if she worked hard today, she could slack off tomorrow.</p>

      <p>With our party centered around her, we progressed farther and farther. Eventually, we reached the point where we couldn’t evade the monsters. I immediately looked around for a separate path, but it looked as though we would simply hit a different encounter if we took a detour. We had no choice but to brace ourselves for battle.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t speak underwater, so I used gestures to communicate the number of enemies to the others behind me as strange-looking fish approached us from down the corridor. Unlike the minions of the Gulflood Jelly we’d fought yesterday, these were flat like rays, and their side fins were sharp like knives. I could easily imagine getting sliced in two just by one of them passing by.</p>

      <p>The battle had begun the moment I detected the enemies (not via <em>Dimension</em> but by sight). There seemed to be four of them. There were also four of us, but they had the home field advantage. I had readied my sword, determined not to let any of them pass, when...</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Impulse!</em>”</p>

      <p>Despite being underwater, a thunderous roar pounded my eardrums, the vibrations hitting my whole body. I promptly expanded <em>Dimension</em> to confirm that they’d been caused by Snow casting a spell from behind me. When we first met, Snow had told me that she was good at vibration magic, but since we had exceptional mages in Dia and Maria, I’d never thought of her as a magic specialist. Now, I was beholding a sight that made me reassess that impression.</p>

      <p>The Dungeon was shaking, so much so that the world around me looked like a blurry photo, and the fish that had been swimming toward us so fast were in disarray, losing speed and their sense of balance, not unlike someone trying to walk during an earthquake. Yet for some reason, it had no effect on me. My vision was impeded a little, but that was all. The sheer precision of Snow’s vibration magic left me astonished.</p>

      <p>I promptly slew all four of the slowed-down enemies with my sword. Cutting them in two was a cinch when they were so hobbled, and they quickly faded into light. Still amazed at how much easier the battle had been than I’d anticipated, I picked up the magic gems they had dropped.</p>

      <p>Just as I was about to praise Snow for a job well done, <em>Dimension</em> picked up on a fresh group of foes. Maybe the monsters here were the type to call for reinforcements. They were heading for us from all directions. I tried to apprise Snow of the looming threat, but...</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh, I know. There are three coming in from over there.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, she was able to speak normally underwater, though of course, not through her mouth. She was using vibration magic to convey the sounds directly through my eardrums. I gave her a befuddled look, my mouth agape.</p>

      <p>“Hm? Oh, uh, if you’re wondering how...it looks like I know who’s where by way of returning sound waves. And maybe it’s also ’cause of how super easy the magic is conducted underwater?”</p>

      <p>That wasn’t what I was wondering. I just wanted to tell her, <em>If you can speak underwater, why didn’t you tell us sooner?!</em> I mean, imagine my surprise when I heard one of us start talking out of nowhere.</p>

      <p>“Looks like they’re the same kind as before, so I’ll hold them off with vibration magic again.”</p>

      <p>My disgruntlement wasn’t coming across to her. Only Reaper picked up on it via the curse-link; she was smiling wryly behind Snow.</p>

      <p>I had no choice but to center my repulsion of enemy reinforcements around Snow’s support. As she’d said, vibration magic support was enormously effective underwater. The great variety of fish monsters approaching us were sliced in two one after the other. It was more of a slaughter than a battle. Since I could basically kill them instantly, they weren’t a hindrance to our progression, and we quickly succeeded in freeing ourselves of the enemies’ encirclement. The odd time one or more monsters appeared behind us, Reaper’s and Dia’s magic could deal with them. Reaper’s shadow-stuff perplexed the enemy while Dia’s holy magic barrier kept them at a distance. When it came to avoiding encounters, none were a match for those two.</p>

      <p>We were advancing through Floor 35 without a hitch. At one point, I heard strange giggling from behind.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, tee hee hee... I never knew. Could it be I’m a star underwater?!”</p>

      <p>It was Snow. She was beaming, swishing through the water like a mermaid. Her dragon tail functioned like a fish’s fin, so her swimming prowess was leagues above ours. You couldn’t ask for anyone better during underwater combat, there was no doubt about that, and not just because of how good she was at swimming, but also because of all the applications of her vibration magic. I turned around and nodded yes in reply to her.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh. I am, aren’t I?”</p>

      <p>I was happy a lazybones like her was feeling so enthusiastic, her cockiness aside. I nodded vigorously to inflate her ego, and she all but blushed. Then I gestured for <em>her</em> to be in the lead. That very instant, she went weak in the knees.</p>

      <p>“Uh, actually, maybe I’m no good underwater after all? It’s really hard to move in, and I feel like I’m running out of air. Yeah, I can’t fight at all. I’m out of my element!”</p>

      <p>Operation Get Snow to Work by Flattering Her was a bust. I’d have loved to have told her that if she could still make excuses, she was more than fine, but I wasn’t confident I could persuade her using only gestures now that she was being pigheaded. It would take too much effort, so why bother trying?</p>

      <p>Now that Snow had settled down, I took her and the others even farther along the floor. This selection of party members was good at nonverbal communication, and our underwater excursion was progressing smoothly when I spotted a peculiar hole in one of the underwater corridors in the floor’s central area. From what I could tell through <em>Dimension</em>, there was no water in the space beyond that. Figuring that it might be a special area inhabited by a boss, I thoroughly probed it via <em>Dimension</em> only to find no danger, so I ventured through the side tunnel. It led to a dead end, but even so, the water was blocked off as if by an invisible wall. We could easily fit inside.</p>

      <p>“What’s going on here?”</p>

      <p>It reminded me fondly of when I was a kid; this phenomenon was a lot like when you submerged a bucket upside down into the tub and the air didn’t leak out. This space was similarly a pocket of breathable air, but why were we being offered something so convenient? And the fact that the water pressure and atmospheric pressure were in balance in a place like this? It had to be somebody’s handiwork. If my conjecture was correct, someone had purposely created a space to aid the Dungeon divers who tackled Floor 35.</p>

      <p>Thought Streams affirmed my supposition. I could always awkwardly rationalize anything as “that’s just how fantasy-world dungeons operate,” but what Lorwen had told me in the past pretty much confirmed that <em>someone</em> had had a hand in all this. I remembered how he’d said someone who was friendly toward humans had created the Dungeon. And that entity had definitely designed a resting point to make clearing Floor 35 a bit easier. That was the only explanation. I could practically see new puzzle pieces falling slowly into place.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Kanami,” said Dia, “if we’re gonna take a break, you wanna make a fire?”</p>

      <p>That snapped me out of my reverie. Look at me, distracted while on a dive. If I’d been attacked, they would have gotten the jump on me. What was I doing? Didn’t I <em>just</em> get punished for lowering my guard during yesterday’s dive? Time to focus on clearing this here Dungeon again.</p>

      <p>“I dunno, making a fire in a place like this sounds dangerous. Let’s take a breather, refill the bags with air, and get right back to it. If monsters attack us here, we’ll have our backs to the wall.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. All right, let’s make this break a quick one, I guess.”</p>

      <p>Dia helped me fill the leather bags I took out from my inventory, and before long, we jumped back into the water with a slightly tweaked formation. Reaper was now at the front and I was at the back in order to ease the enemy-radar burden on me. This way, we could avoid a situation where one of us was left running on fumes MP-wise. In all honesty, it was best to have Reaper in front if all we wanted to do was avoid encounters.</p>

      <p>By making good use of her acumen with darkness magic, we headed straight to the next floor without any detours or side trips. Of course, we couldn’t avoid <em>all</em> the enemies, and battles did occur from time to time, but thanks to Snow being so unexpectedly strong in underwater settings, they didn’t give us any trouble. You could say that fish monsters were weak to vibration magic. Watching her fighting style reminded me of the illegal-in-my-world fishing method where you hit rocks together to immobilize the fish with shock waves. Maybe yesterday’s battle against the Gulflood Jelly would have been a cinch if Snow had been with us.</p>

      <p>Then again, I wanted nothing to do with boss battles anymore, no matter how much we might have the upper hand. Yesterday’s ordeal had been too harrowing. I figured I wouldn’t do a boss battle during a first visit to a floor unless something big necessitated it.</p>

      <p>Our caution and vigilance while traversing Floor 35 resulted in us finding the stairs to Floor 36. The staircase could be likened to a whirlpool. Unable to defy gravity, Floor 35’s water was being swallowed up by the floor below it.</p>

      <p>We jumped into the whirlpool and descended the stairs to be met with a floor whose corridors were <em>not</em> totally submerged. Floor 36’s water level measured less than half of the preceding floor, making for a space that resembled the surface of a lake. Emerging from the waterfallesque staircase, we took stock of our surroundings. The fact that the floors weren’t back-to-back underwater saved us a lot of trouble. Looking around, the environment was also different from before. Water was flowing from the side walls, and aquatic plants were in view here and there.</p>

      <p>“I’ll take this over being underwater, but it ain’t exactly easy to move in either,” I commented.</p>

      <p>We began walking through the corridor, wading through waist-deep water. Dia and Reaper seemed to be having a particularly rough time of it. They simply weren’t tall enough and were basically swimming. Snow alone looked unencumbered.</p>

      <p>“Huh? It’s hard to move in?” She was walking no differently than she did on solid land.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Snow, if you’re doing fine, you mind carrying either Dia or Reaper on your shoulder?” She definitely had the muscle power for it.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Me, carry them?” she said, a troubled look on her face.</p>

      <p>I knew she’d be resistant to the idea, given her personality. I thought about how to convince her, but then Reaper beat me to it.</p>

      <p>“Please, big sister. I can swim, but it’s tougher for Dia...”</p>

      <p>“Uh, er, rrgh!”</p>

      <p>“I know you’re a lazybones, miss, so listen here a sec...”</p>

      <p>Reaper made to whisper to Snow, so I hurriedly created a hole in <em>Dimension</em> to avoid overhearing them. I wanted to be good about not eavesdropping on private conversations if I could help it, and I wanted to show Snow what <em>not eavesdropping</em> looked like too. If Reaper and I kept showing consideration for others, maybe she’d reflect on her past conduct and stop doing it herself. A man can dream, okay?</p>

      <p>They finished whispering in each other’s ears, and Snow’s face lit up. “Okay, you got it! Leave it to me, Reaper!”</p>

      <p>“Phew. Good...”</p>

      <p>“All right, I’m carrying you both. It’ll throw me off, so work together to maintain our balance.”</p>

      <p>“Right, thank you!”</p>

      <p>Snow started walking, carrying them on her shoulders like two bags of rice. What would a stranger think if they saw such a scene? Snow was tall but slender. The sight of her carrying two girls despite her own thin frame was physically impossible in my world, and that wasn’t taking her walking speed into account. She was practically taking a pleasure stroll through the water, so light on her feet that someone might think she was carrying styrofoam rather than people. What a clear demonstration of the high specs of a dragonewt.</p>

      <p>In any case, this would certainly help reduce fatigue for the party’s pair of shorties. While Dia was thanking Snow, I conveyed my own gratitude to Reaper with my eyes. Through our thought transference, she understood completely what I wished to say, making her a mite bashful.</p>

      <p>“Now we don’t have to worry. Let’s keep going.”</p>

      <p>We proceeded through Floor 36 with me in the lead. Exploring this floor wasn’t different from a normal floor, just a tad more exhausting. The enemy’s average level was going up, but so was ours. We found the stairs without much trouble, but then...</p>

      <p>“Ugh, not again...”</p>

      <p>The staircase leading to Floor 37 was submerged in water.</p>

      <p>“What do we do, mister?” asked Reaper. “We’ve still got energy to spare...”</p>

      <p>From what I could see, they could still swim on thanks to Snow’s help. I looked at their respective menus and gave it careful consideration.</p>

      <p>“Nah, let’s call it a day,” I replied. “It’s enough that we know the path through Floors 35 and 36 now.”</p>

      <p>We couldn’t naively assume that the next completely underwater level would be structured the same as the previous one. It would be better to take the shortest route to Floor 37 next time so as to arrive in less of a state of fatigue. In addition, we’d discovered that we needed more bags filled with air. Lastly, I just wanted to take things carefully after reflecting on yesterday’s mistakes. That was the confluence of factors that led me to my judgment call. Dia seemed a little dissatisfied, but due to having to be literally carried, she couldn’t really object. Snow, on the other hand, was overjoyed that she’d be able to return sooner than expected.</p>

      <p>“Yay! We’re going home early!”</p>

      <p>After glaring at Snow to shut her up, I created a <em>Connection</em> portal nearby. And so, after completing our third dive, we passed through the magic gateway and stepped back onto our ship.</p>

      <p>What awaited us when we arrived was the stupefying sight of a sea of fire out on the deep blue ocean. A ship that wasn’t ours was sinking in flames.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Uh, guys?”</p>

      <p>Gray smoke was billowing, the other ship burning like so much firewood. The sails were scorched and torn, and the mast was clearly about to crumble. The blaze was so intense that I was pretty sure that if nothing was done, the vessel would sink outright.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’re you doing?”</p>

      <p>I was only able to maintain my composure (albeit barely) because it wasn’t the <em>Living Legend</em> that was on fire, but some other vessel. An unknown ship, burning right before my eyes. My heart began to race with anxiety as a scene that was one of my trauma triggers played out.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh heh heh heh!”</p>

      <p>“Ah ha ha ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>The sight of Maria and Lastiara cackling and watching gleefully as the ship burned was unhinged. I mustered the courage to yell at them.</p>

      <p>“Hey! You two! What’re you doing?!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, Mr. Kanami. Welcome back!”</p>

      <p>“Welcome back, Kanamiiii.”</p>

      <p>They greeted me casually, smiles on their faces. But those smiles were scary enough to have the opposite effect.</p>

      <p>“I told you to go easy on ’em, didn’t I?! Why’s there a burning ship right by us?!”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh. Those scalawags must be cursing their stars that they came for us when yours truly happened to stay on board!” said Lastiara theatrically.</p>

      <p><em>Never mind </em>her, I concluded instantly. I opted to address the maid-costumed semifer in the corner. She was wearing the same grim expression as me.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Sera! Why didn’t you stop them?!”</p>

      <p>“I did urge her not to torch it...but the enemy being who they are, well...I couldn’t insist too strongly to milady, you see...”</p>

      <p><em>Ugh, Ms. Sera’s useless when she’s paired up with Lastiara!</em></p>

      <p>I looked at the ship, which was crumbling as we spoke. This was really, really bad. There were problem children and then there were <em>them</em>. I’d had no choice but to become a criminal in the Alliance, but in other lands, I’d have wanted to be an upright adventurer who was clean as a whistle. And now that aspiration was falling to pieces along with the burning boat.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, Mr. Kanami!” said Maria defensively. “There were extenuating circumstances! Kind of!”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>