<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Banquet, Day 1</h1>

      <p>Thanks to the plenty of rest they got after returning to the castle, Rio and the others were able to welcome the first day of the banquet in perfectly alert condition. Shortly after they got up at midday, a light meal was brought to their dining room to serve as breakfast and lunch, which the three of them ate.</p>

      <p>“Before we dig in, let me tell you the plans for today that were passed on to me. We’ll be preparing for attendance at the banquet in the dressing room after this, but Miharu and I will take longer to get dressed up, so we’ll be separated for a while. Haruto, once you’re done changing, you’ll be meeting up with Liselotte. The details will be given to you by your assigned guide, so ask that person anything you have questions about,” Satsuki informed Rio. Servants of the castle had brought a light meal to their room earlier and passed that message onto Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“Understood. Please look after Miharu before and during the banquet.” Rio smiled with a nod, looking at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Of course. But it’ll be your role to escort Miharu during the banquet, so make sure you fix yourself up real handsomely to be worthy of standing next to her.” Satsuki puffed up her chest and winked at Rio to urge him on.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Several hours later, Rio changed into his formalwear early and was led to the waiting room of the hall for social events, which was adjacent to the royal castle. He entered the waiting room to see the members of the Duke Cretia family present.</p>

      <p>“Hello, Haruto. Good to see you again.” The head of the family, Cedric Cretia welcomed Rio warmly.</p>

      <p>“I apologize for my tardy arrival. Thank you very much for your hospitality yesterday. I’m also very sorry for causing an inconvenience by suddenly changing our plans. Please forgive me,” Rio said, placing his right hand over his chest and bowing his head deeply.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, how sincere. There’s no need to let it bother you. It was an order from His Majesty and the hero, after all. No one imagined you’d be invited to stay in the hero’s quarters, but it’s fine. Now, come this way. I shall introduce you to the family members you haven’t met. This is my son George and his fiancée, Colette,” Cedric said, inviting Rio over to the sofa where they were seated. There, seated beside Liselotte and Cedric’s wife Julianne, was a young man in his twenties and a girl in her mid-teens, each wearing formal outfits.</p>

      <p>“Nice to meet you. I’m Liselotte’s older brother, the second son of the Cretia family, George. It’s an honor to meet the rumored hero. Thank you for saving my little sister from her predicament.” George stood up and introduced himself to Rio cheerily.</p>

      <p>“I’m Lord George’s fiancée, Colette Valier. I’ve heard Sir Haruto is the same age as me—it’s very nice to meet you.” Colette also stood up, pinching the hem of her dress in a graceful greeting.</p>

      <p>“It’s a pleasure to meet you. My name is Haruto. I unfortunately do not have a last name I can offer you, but I ask that you treat me well today nonetheless,” Rio said respectfully with his right hand over his chest.</p>

      <p>“No one here will look down on you for not being of nobility. Please, have a seat,” Cedric said warmly.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. Excuse me, then.” Rio approached the sofa where Cedric’s family was gathered.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto, your outfit suits you very well,” Liselotte complemented, then offered Rio the seat beside her. “Please, sit here.”</p>

      <p>“I’m honored. I purchased this from a Ricca Guild branch, actually. I’m sure you’ve heard this many times already, but you look very beautiful today, Lady Liselotte.” Rio smiled as he praised Liselotte. She was truly a lovely sight all dressed up — elegant and somewhat mystical. Her pale blue hair that reached her back was set in an upswept style, held in place with a rose hair brooch. Furthermore, her dress was an even paler shade of blue, matching her similarly-colored hair. A large ribbon was attached to her back in a way that resembled another rose. There was no doubt she would attract the attention of all the men present as soon as she entered the banquet.</p>

      <p>“Why, thank you very much.” Liselotte smiled happily.</p>

      <p>“Oh? It’s rare to see Liselotte this shy,” her brother said with a teasing smile.</p>

      <p>“George?” Liselotte looked at him cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, pretend you didn’t hear that, Haruto.” George laughed loudly to cover up his comment.</p>

      <p>Liselotte pouted faintly, then pulled herself together. “Geez. That aside, how was your stay in Lady Satsuki’s chambers?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, we had the privilege of chatting about many things. Lady Satsuki was also delighted to be reunited with Miharu and be able to speak to her again. She said it was all thanks to your efforts, Lady Liselotte,” Rio said. For the record, Liselotte wasn’t aware of their plans to sneak out of the castle.</p>

      <p>“That’s good to hear, but I was merely the mediator. If anything, I was given the chance to meet the hero before the banquet through you, Haruto, so I was very happy with that,” Liselotte said with a pleased smile.</p>

      <p>“I did nothing... but Lady Satsuki was also delighted to be able to talk to you, Lady Liselotte. She seemed to hold quite some interest in the Ricca Guild, so Miharu and I told her all about it.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so? Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>To an outsider listening in their conversation would have seemed mundane, but in reality, Rio was informing Liselotte that Satsuki had noticed the secret of the Ricca Guild through his words.</p>

      <p>Just then, someone knocked on the waiting room door.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that must be Lady Satsuki and Miharu,” Cedric said, prompting Rio and the others to look at the door. The soldier that had been posted before the door entered the room.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me. Sir Hiroaki Sakata, Princess Flora Beltrum, and Lady Roanna Fontaine from the Kingdom of Beltrum are requesting permission to give their greetings before the banquet. Shall I allow them entry?”</p>

      <p>“Why, if such important people are visiting, we must greet them. Please, let them through.”</p>

      <p>“Right away!” At Cedric’s order, the soldier swiftly exited the room and invited Hiroaki and the others inside. Cedric and his family, meanwhile, stood up to await their entrance.</p>

      <p>When Hiroaki entered the room and spotted Liselotte, he greeted her with a pleased expression. “Hey, Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte raised her head. “It’s been three weeks, hasn’t it? Welcome, great hero,” she replied with a smile pasted on her face.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah, but that aside...” Hiroaki stared at Liselotte in her dress. He seemed to become a bit shy. “That dress looks really nice on you,” he said in a somewhat flustered tone.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. It’s my favorite dress.”</p>

      <p>“Huh — is that so. Well, I think it’s cute.”</p>

      <p>“Hehe, you flatter me as always. Princess Flora, Lady Roanna — I’m glad to see you are well,” Liselotte replied to Hiroaki with a friendly smile, before turning to address Flora and Roanna cheerfully. Of course, Hiroaki was also in his formal outfit: a pure white military-style suit with gold embroidery.</p>

      <p>“I apologize for intruding on your valuable relaxation time. And, umm, it’s nice to see you again too, Sir Haruto.” Flora apologized for the sudden visit while looking around the room in search of someone. When she spotted Rio’s face, she addressed him nervously.</p>

      <p>Flora was currently wearing a pale purple dress to match her hair color, which was half-tied up. Her appearance was cute enough to compare favorably with Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, Princess Flora, Sir Hiroaki, Lady Roanna.” Rio showed no particular change in expression as he greeted Flora and the others.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki belatedly noticed Rio was beside Liselotte and spoke up with a small shrug. “Ah, I knew you’d be accompanying Liselotte here to this banquet.”</p>

      <p>“Both Lady Liselotte and Sir Haruto took great care of us during our stay in Amande. I’m delighted to see you both again.” Roanna grasped the hem of her yellow dress and addressed Liselotte and Rio in a friendly manner.</p>

      <p>“No, you helped us out a great deal then too. Is Duke Huguenot doing well?” Liselotte asked, frowning.</p>

      <p>“Yes, the injury in his abdomen has healed completely, so he will be in attendance tonight at the banquet. I believe you’ll be able to meet him yourself later,” Roanna informed her.</p>

      <p>“I look forward to that. Oh, that aside, allow me to introduce you to my family. This is my father, Cedric, and my mother, Julianne. And this here is my older brother, George, and his fiancée, Colette.”</p>

      <p>“I am Cedric, Liselotte’s father and the current head of the Duke Cretia house.” Cedric respectfully placed his right hand over his chest. “I have had the honor of being in the presence of Princess Flora several times while fulfilling my duties as the ambassador of the Galarc Kingdom. It has been a long time since we last met. Furthermore, I believe this is my first time meeting the hero and Miss Roanna.”</p>

      <p>“It’s been a long time, Duke Cretia,” Flora said.</p>

      <p>“Nice to meet you. My name is Roanna Fontaine.”</p>

      <p>Flora and Roanna both returned the greetings in an experienced manner, acting like the royal and noble ladies they were. Meanwhile —</p>

      <p>“Yeah, sure. Oh, I’m Hiroaki Sakata. Nice to meet you.” Hiroaki seemed to be a little nervous in front of Liselotte’s father, as his tone was a bit stiffer than usual as he introduced himself.</p>

      <p>“Please don’t feel nervous before me, great hero,” Cedric said in a friendly manner.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s my bad. I’m just not very good at speaking politely and there’ll be tons of other kingdom royals in attendance at the banquet, so Roanna warned me to be aware of things like that.” Hiroaki gave a bitter grimace as he looked at Roanna, who heaved a small sigh.</p>

      <p><em>I see. Like Liselotte said, there’s no mistaking that she’s practically acting as the hero’s assistant,</em> Cedric thought, seeing through Hiroaki, Flora, and Roanna’s relationship in an instant.</p>

      <p>“However, the one dubbed as hero is an existence on par with the king. While it wouldn’t be favorable to be too disrespectful, I doubt there will be any problems with how you spoke just now,” Cedric said with a sociable smile.</p>

      <p>“As expected of Liselotte’s father. You sure get it.” Hiroaki’s mouth turned upwards in a pleased smile. Just then, another knock came from the door.</p>

      <p>“Oh, it must be Lady Satsuki and Miharu this time. Enter.” Everyone inside the room turned their gazes towards the door as it opened.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me. The hero, Lady Satsuki Sumeragi, her friend, Lady Miharu Ayase, and Princess Charlotte have arrived. Please enter,” the guard said. With the exception of Hiroaki and Flora, everyone present lowered their heads in wait.</p>

      <p>“My, this is quite a gathering. And if it isn’t Princess Flora. Long time no see,” Charlotte said.</p>

      <p>“It’s good to see you again, Princess Charlotte,” Flora said, bowing. Meanwhile, Hiroaki was entranced by the sight of Satsuki, Miharu, and Charlotte in their dresses, ogling them intently. Satsuki was in a deep purple dress, Miharu was in a pale black dress, and Charlotte was wearing an orange-tinted dress, each emitting a mature feminine charm.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, please raise your heads. There’s still a little time before the banquet commences, but I’d like to introduce you all first. This is the hero, Lady Satsuki, and her good friend Lady Miharu,” Charlotte said.</p>

      <p>“It’s an honor to meet you, Lady Sumeragi. I am the head of the Duke Cretia house, Cedric. By your leave, please allow me to introduce everyone to you. From the Beltrum Kingdom, this is the hero, Sir Sakata, the second Princess Flora, and Duke Fontaine’s daughter Lady Roanna. Everyone else aside from Haruto are my family members. This is my wife Julianne, my son George, and his fiancee Colette. I believe you are acquainted with Liselotte from the other day?” Cedric said succinctly.</p>

      <p>“Pleased to meet you. It’s an honor to be meeting the three of you, who have come all the way from Beltrum Kingdom, as well as the nobles that represent Galarc Kingdom,” Satsuki said respectfully.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to stay on our feet for any longer. Please, let us have a seat,” Cedric urged.</p>

      <p>At the same time, the members of the Cretia family immediately decided on the seating based on social status and affiliation in their heads. They shuffled from the places they had been sitting at moments ago, encouraging Satsuki and Hiroaki and the others into their spots. In the end, everyone had their seats and faced one another.</p>

      <p>Satsuki sat down and faced Hiroaki, immediately talking to him with a friendly voice. “I had heard there were heroes summoned to every area just like me, but I’m happy to be able to actually meet one in person, Mr. Sakata Hiroaki. I doubt there’s even a need to confirm this, but you’re from Japan too, correct?”</p>

      <p>“Well, yeah. It’s strange to meet another Japanese person in a fantasy world, but the main hero summoned to the Beltrum Kingdom also had a Japanese name, so there must have been some kind of rule behind it. Though I’m a little surprised to see a Japanese person other than a hero in this world,” Hiroaki said, looking at Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Miharu was dragged into the summoning along with me and another person, our friend, who probably ended up as a hero as well,” Satsuki explained.</p>

      <p>“Huh, dragged into a summoning. Well, that’s the typical way things go. But if you’re not a hero, then you don’t have a divine arms, right?” Hiroaki seemed to have an interest in Miharu’s circumstances, as he questioned her out of his own curiosity.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I couldn’t understand the language of this world when I first arrived.” Miharu nodded.</p>

      <p>“Oh, damn. Seriously? Being summoned to another world without any cheat-like benefits sounds more like a punishment... What a tragedy,” Hiroaki said heartily. Satsuki pouted a little unhappily to hear Hiroaki’s insensitive remarks to a girl he was meeting for the first time.</p>

      <p>“No, thankfully Haruto took me into his care.” Miharu shook her head with a frown.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Haruto, you say?” Hiroaki narrowed his eyes in suspicion and looked at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Miharu was summoned to a location completely separate from me and our other friend. She was thrown into a grass field in this world and was wandering, lost, when Haruto saved her, or something.” Satsuki had lost a lot of her original friendliness, explaining things with a rather prickly tone.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki accepted the explanation, then stared at Rio’s face once more. “Hmm, so that’s why you asked to accompany Liselotte to the banquet... But you said your parents were immigrants, right? Were they actually from Earth? Face aside, your name sounds a little Japanese. Hmm... Wait, hold on. You couldn’t possibly... be a hero, right? Is that enchanted sword a divine arms?” He seemed to have misunderstood the reason as to why Rio had taken care of Miharu.</p>

      <p>“You jest. As I informed you when we first met, my parents are immigrants and I am a human born and raised in this world. I have friends I have known for a long time, too. The enchanted sword is not a divine arms.” Rio shook his head as though to dismiss the ridiculous thought.</p>

      <p>“Ah, right. It was just a thought. I thought it was a pretty fantastic deduction, but now that you mention it, you knew one of Liselotte’s attendant girls already. Still, that was a lucky break. If you hadn’t been the first one to find her, wouldn’t her life pretty much be over?” Hiroaki said jokingly.</p>

      <p>“Please stop being so insensitive. Slave merchants actually tried to abduct Miharu because she didn’t know the language,” Satsuki said to Hiroaki harshly.</p>

      <p>“Hey, hey, are you serious? Well, not knowing the language would certainly be a disadvantage, but...” Hiroaki’s eyes widened as he stared closely at Miharu. He didn’t say it out loud, but his gaze was clearly stating: “Looks like that would definitely sell high.”</p>

      <p>“But?” Satsuki asked cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Nope, it’s nothing. By the way, how old are you guys?” Even Hiroaki realized that would be a bad comment to make and changed the topic.</p>

      <p>“I just turned sixteen years old.”</p>

      <p>“...I’m seventeen this year.” Miharu and Satsuki told him their ages.</p>

      <p>“Heh, so you’re former high schoolers.” Hiroaki grinned.</p>

      <p>“And how old would you be?” Satsuki asked.</p>

      <p>“...Nineteen.” Hiroaki offered his age after a delicate pause.</p>

      <p>“So a former university student?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, you shouldn’t ask anyone who’s nineteen if they’re in a university or not — it’s generally considered tactless. There might be people who failed their exams out there.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, so you failed your entrance exams. Sorry about that.”</p>

      <p><em>Just who was the one lacking tact here? </em>Satsuki thought as she ducked her head with a friendly smile.</p>

      <p>“Tch, must be nice to be a student that doesn’t have to do their exams anymore. Just so you know, I’m only in this situation because I wouldn’t take anything less than my first choice school. I did get a B-grade. I simply passed up on my backup school. The high school I went to is a famous one too.” Hiroaki clicked his tongue.</p>

      <p>“I don’t think there’s anything to be ashamed of, though. It isn’t rare for a prep school to have people take their exams multiple times.” Satsuki said incredulously.</p>

      <p>“I’m not ashamed of it,” Hiroaki said, growing even more displeased. A tense air descended upon the room.</p>

      <p>Satsuki had nothing more to say to Hiroaki, instead looking at Rio to question him curiously. “That aside, what do you think of our dresses, Haruto?”</p>

      <p>“I think they suit the two of you very well,” Rio replied to the sudden spotlight with a faint smile.</p>

      <p>“I see — thank you.” Satsuki laughed pleasantly. Miharu looked bashful. Hiroaki watched the two of them and snorted.</p>

      <p>“Well, in that case, what do you think of my dress, Sir Haruto? There are so many beautiful people here, I’ve lost my confidence a little,” Charlotte asked, also seeking Rio’s opinion.</p>

      <p>Rio sat up straight with a troubled expression. “I think it suits you extremely well,” he replied simply.</p>

      <p>Charlotte grinned widely. “Why, thank you very much. In that case, I’d like you to attend one of the three days of the banquet with me as my partner,” she asked suddenly.</p>

      <p>“No, while that would definitely be an honor...” Rio trailed off, struggling for words. It was disrespectful to decline, but he didn’t think it was something that he could accept lightly, either.</p>

      <p>“Oh? In that case, I would like to have Haruto as a partner for one day too,” Satsuki said, jokingly stepping forth as another candidate.</p>

      <p>“Then, Lady Miharu and Liselotte can have Sir Haruto for today, while the second and third day will be monopolized by Satsuki and I with one day each,” Charlotte summarized, completely on board with the idea.</p>

      <p>Rio was at a complete loss as he attempted to interrupt. “I believe the two of you may be getting a little hasty there...”</p>

      <p>“Haha. You’re in great demand, Haruto.” Cedric laughed heartily.</p>

      <p>“Meh!” Hiroaki grumbled in disgust.</p>

      <p>“...” Flora looked somewhat envious, frowning as she watched their exchange. Seated opposite her, Miharu noticed.</p>

      <p><em>...Is the princess watching Haruto?</em> She wondered, before Flora’s eyes suddenly turned to the front. When she made eye contact with Miharu, she gave a slightly uncomfortable bow as she realized she had been caught looking at Rio.</p>

      <p>Miharu watched Flora questioningly as she returned the bow.</p>

      <p>“...It was mentioned that Lady Miharu is under Sir Haruto’s protection, but you weren’t present at Amande, if I recall correctly?” Flora questioned Miharu nervously as she watched Rio.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I was living elsewhere with Haruto’s friends,” Miharu replied honestly.</p>

      <p>“Ah. Come to think of it, you had some fairly pretty followers with you in Amande. Are those two not here today?” Hiroaki had clear memories of Aishia and Celia accompanying Rio at the time.</p>

      <p>“Yes. They’ve swapped places with Miharu and are visiting my friends instead,” said Rio.</p>

      <p>“I see. While it’s against my principles to show interest in another man’s women, I would have liked to see those two in gowns,” Hiroaki said a bit shyly.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Are those of us here not enough for you, great hero?” Liselotte laughed mischievously.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki looked back at Liselotte, who was seated a fair distance from him. “Ah, no, that’s not what I meant. If, say, Liselotte was sitting before me as a conversation partner, then I probably wouldn’t show any interest in any other woman,” he said smugly. In other words, he wanted to be the center of attention.</p>

      <p><em>These two Japanese chicks — especially that stuck-up Satsuki one — don’t seem like they’ll be as considerate as Liselotte can be. While Flora has the looks, the way she speaks is... Well, I don’t mind her beside me, but the order we’re in just doesn’t cut it.</em></p>

      <p>At present, Satsuki was seated opposite Hiroaki in the seat of honor, and beside her was Miharu. Meanwhile, the quiet Flora was seated beside Hiroaki. Because of that, Hiroaki wasn’t the center of attention like he usually was, which he found quite dull.</p>

      <p><em>Honestly, what a rude man. He’s basically saying that it’s a drag having me seated before him. Well, I feel the same way about having you before me. I’d much prefer Haruto there.</em> Satsuki saw through Hiroaki’s true intentions and raged on the inside while maintaining her smile.</p>

      <p>“You have two such pretty and adorable girls with you already, how greedy of you to make a pass at Liselotte as well,” Satsuki said to Hiroaki with sarcastic exasperation.</p>

      <p>“Oh? This is a polygamous world, you know. I’d appreciate it if you keep irrelevant comments to yourself.”</p>

      <p>“You mean you have no intention of choosing one person?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t want to rank the women who adore me. I have no intention of rejecting anyone, y’know?” Hiroaki replied with a huff and a sneer.</p>

      <p>“...Is that so.” Satsuki couldn’t find anything else to say through her exasperation and ended the conversation there. She couldn’t imagine Liselotte adored Hiroaki by any means, but she chose not to voice that out loud.</p>

      <p>Just then, someone knocked on the door, and a guard entered the room. “Excuse me. It is almost time for everyone to enter the venue.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The first floor of the social hall used as the venue for the banquet — the largest hall in the Galarc Kingdom — was crowded with royalty and nobility.</p>

      <p>The venue was decorated extravagantly from floor to ceiling in a show of the king’s power. The chandeliers lit by the sorcery in them alone were enough to qualify the hall itself as a palace.</p>

      <p>The hall could accommodate a maximum of 5,000 people in a stand-up buffet arrangement, but for a banquet to be held comfortably, roughly half that number was best. Tonight, about 1,500 elites had gathered at the venue, so there was plenty of room to use the hall comfortably.</p>

      <p>The first day of the banquet was limited to the royalty and nobility affiliated with the Galarc Kingdom and Beltrum Kingdom’s Huguenot faction, so that number would increase by several hundred by the second day on.</p>

      <p>“So, it’s finally time to unveil the hero of our kingdom.”</p>

      <p>“The rumors say she’s a young girl, only seventeen years of age.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve heard that she’s extremely beautiful.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I look forward to it. Perhaps a younger person would be more desperate to be married, too.”</p>

      <p>The extravagantly-dressed guests held such conversations all over the venue. While a normal party would be filled with small talk, shameless bragging, and probing into each others’ lives, tonight, every noble was completely immersed in sharing rumors about Satsuki.</p>

      <p>That being said, since Satsuki had closed off contact with practically everyone except the Galarc royalty since she was summoned to the castle and had been given strict orders to stay silent, it was understandable that the nobles wanted to gossip about her and were looking forward to her arrival. As the guest of honor, Satsuki was to enter the venue with the king after all the attendees had arrived. As most of the invited guests were already within the venue, her appearance was due soon.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, it was normal at these types of parties for those with the highest rank or influence to arrive the latest, so the only ones missing besides Satsuki and the king were the leading royals and nobles from the Galarc Kingdom and Duke Huguenot’s faction.</p>

      <p>Those already within the venue were all the elites selected from each power faction, but those about to enter were even more elite than them. Among them were the Duke Cretia family members, including Rio, Miharu, and Liselotte, as well as Hiroaki, Flora, and Roanna.</p>

      <p>“It looks like Duke Gregory’s people are here. Which means Duke Cretia’s family should be next, followed by Her Highness, Princess Flora, and the hero affiliated with the Huguenot faction,” a noble of the Galarc Kingdom said, chatting with a noble from Duke Huguenot’s faction as Duke Gregory, a middle-aged man with good physique, entered the venue.</p>

      <p>“Oh, speaking of Duke Cretia, I have heard that his daughter, Lady Liselotte, has made quite a few spectacular achievements. Something about how Amande was under attack by monsters just the other day...” the noble from Duke Huguenot’s faction replied.</p>

      <p>“Apparently, Amande was restored splendidly in no time at all. That woman is the living embodiment of intelligence and beauty. She still has no fiancé, so you could say Duke Cretia would be the ideal person to become close to...”</p>

      <p>“She would certainly be out of reach of the average youngster. I constantly hear rumors of marriage proposals, but I wonder who will be the one to eventually win her heart.” With her influence both internally and externally to the kingdom, her marriage partner was a topic that was almost always gossiped about.</p>

      <p>“The Duke Cretia family has arrived!” The voice of the noble in charge of announcements at the venue echoed throughout the hall. Those in the hall immediately fell silent at the name of the most prosperous noble family in the Galarc Kingdom, currently surpassing Duke Gregory’s family by a fair amount.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” The already-present Duke Gregory snorted in displeasure. The arrival of the Cretia family after the Gregory family meant that King Francois held the Cretia family in higher esteem. As the head of his family, it was certainly unpleasant for Gregory to see.</p>

      <p>The door on the upper floor of the hall opened, revealing Duke Cretia and his family members. Leading the way was the head of the family, Cedric, and his wife Julianne.</p>

      <p>The nobles in the venue had continued chatting with each other during his appearance, but now, everyone’s attention was naturally focused on the Cretia family.</p>

      <p>“So the head of the family, Sir Cedric, and his wife, Lady Julianna have arrived first. I’m so envious of their beauty as a couple.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve heard they get along extremely well as a couple too. Well, with a lady as wonderful as Lady Julianne, it’s no wonder they can remain so devoted regardless of age.”</p>

      <p>The nobles conversed lightly until Liselotte’s older brother George and his fiancée Colette appeared after.</p>

      <p>“Looks like the next head of the Cretia family has arrived. And the second son Sir Pascal seems absent after all.”</p>

      <p>“Sir Pascal is currently occupied with the command of our army by the Proxia Empire border. The recent state of tension must have made him prioritize his duties more.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, then his absence could not be helped. However... I don’t see Lady Liselotte following behind them. Could she be absent too?” Pascal aside, when the members of the Cretia family cut off after George and Colette’s arrival to the venue, the nobles present started murmuring to each other in surprise.</p>

      <p>George, meanwhile, sensed the confused air in the venue and grinned cheerfully. “Oh my, as expected of my little sister’s reputation. Causing a fuss simply with her absence alone. However, I’m sure there’ll be an even greater fuss when she appears after this.”</p>

      <p>“I look forward to the response,” Colette agreed with a giggle.</p>

      <p>At any rate, with the Cretia family’s arrival, all the nobles of the Galarc Kingdom attending tonight should have been accounted for. The next guests to enter would be Hiroaki and the other members of Duke Huguenot’s faction, or so everyone expected. However —</p>

      <p>“Next, may I announce the arrival of Lady Satsuki Sumeragi’s close friend, Lady Miharu Ayase, her savior Sir Haruto, and finally, Lady Liselotte Cretia!”</p>

      <p>“What?!” Hearing the announcement of the appearance of Satsuki’s close friend, her savior, and even Liselotte had the whole hall in turmoil.</p>

      <p>The door at the upper floor of the hall opened once more, revealing one man and two women. They were, of course, Rio, Miharu, and Liselotte. Rio had a dressed-up Miharu and Liselotte on each side of him, which earned him the attention of the entire venue.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>