<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“You seem to be doing well, Takahisa.” Satsuki giggled at him.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah! Ah, thank goodness. I’ve wanted to see you this whole time!” Takahisa nodded firmly before approaching Satsuki and the others, unable to stand still any longer.</p>

      <p>“Ahaha, were you lonely?” Satsuki asked him teasingly.</p>

      <p>“Of course I was. I thought I’d never be able to go home — never be able to see everyone again. I was so sad,” Takahisa said.</p>

      <p>“Well, I know how that feels. I was the same until I met Miharu,” Satsuki said, turning back so that Takahisa could see Miharu behind her.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Takahisa.” Miharu smiled gently. She hadn’t seen Takahisa in a long time.</p>

      <p>“Ah, so you came to this world too, Miharu. I don’t know what to say... Umm, can I... can I look at your face from up close? I really wanted to see you. I wanted to see you all this time. When I thought I’d never see you again, I... I always regretted it...” Takahisa had a conflicted mix of happiness and regret on his face as he suddenly approached Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah...” Miharu stiffened faintly when Takahisa came right up to her.</p>

      <p>“I’m really so glad to see you again!” The swirling emotions within Takahisa’s chest must have exploded, as he suddenly hugged Miharu. Everyone’s eyes widened.</p>

      <p>“Eh...?” Takahisa’s sudden action had Miharu completely taken aback too. Her entire body froze, but she subjected herself to being hugged for a few moments.</p>

      <p>However, when she met Rio’s eyes beside her, she snapped back to her senses with a gasp. “A-Ah, s-stop it!” Miharu shoved Takahisa away reflexively and distanced herself from Takahisa. It was a reaction unimaginable of the normally-docile Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Takahisa blinked, slowly backing away one, then two steps. Then he looked down at his own arms, dumbfounded. Miharu’s warmth still remained.</p>

      <p>He hadn’t hugged her as a means of harassment. He had just been so happy to reunite with Miharu, his elated emotions made him act before he realized it. However, he realized he’d done so without her permission and was shocked by his own actions.</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm. I’m sorry.” Miharu returned to her senses and apologized for shoving Takahisa, her gaze wandering to avoid his out of fear. At the end of her gaze, she made eye contact with Rio.</p>

      <p>“...” There was a shadow over Rio, but he had a gentle expression that was worrying over Miharu’s loss of composure. The expression was very similar to the Haruto in her dreams, making a chill run down Miharu’s back.</p>

      <p>Miharu suddenly had a flashback — in the dream Aishia showed her, Haruto had just entered high school and was watching Miharu and Takahisa talk intimately with a somewhat sad look on his face. “Y-You’re wrong. It’s not like that!” Miharu suddenly yelled to Rio in a panic, feeling as though her heart had frozen over. Everyone’s eyes widened — Rio included. He was taken aback.</p>

      <p>“W-What’s wrong? Are you okay, Miharu?” Satsuki cheerfully grabbed the flustered Miharu by the shoulders and called out to her to calm her down, causing Miharu to return to her senses and blink.</p>

      <p>“...Ah, y-yes! Umm, I’m sorry, I was just surprised!” Miharu rapidly cooled down and apologized awkwardly. When she looked at Rio’s face, her heartbeat thundered in her chest. Her body was heavy, like lead.</p>

      <p>“Really?” Satsuki asked, looking carefully at Miharu’s face.</p>

      <p>“Yes.” Miharu nodded, her face slightly pale. The two maintained eye contact for a while.</p>

      <p>“That was all Takahisa’s fault just now,” Satsuki stated bluntly, glaring at Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes!” Takahisa’s face stiffened with guilt, accepting that he messed up.</p>

      <p>“I know how precious you consider Miharu to be and I know how happy you must have felt to see her again, but you shouldn’t hug a girl out of the blue. Miharu isn’t comfortable around boys to begin with, so you have to treat her more delicately,” Satsuki said, effectively scolding him.</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry. I was overwhelmed by the moment, and just... out of happiness...” Takahisa’s face was completely pale as he struggled to explain himself.</p>

      <p>“Well, I know how you feel, but...” Satsuki heaved a sigh in exasperation.</p>

      <p>“Umm, Miharu! I’m sorry! Truly!” Takahisa gave up on the unnecessary explanation and bowed his head deeply.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s okay. I’m sorry too. I shoved you really hard... Are you hurt?” Miharu said kindly, looking at the part of him she had shoved at.</p>

      <p>“No, I’m fine! There wasn’t that much strength behind it. More importantly, I’m the one at fault, so I’m really sorry!” Takahisa shook his head furiously.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. I’m fine, too...” Miharu said awkwardly, giving a weak shake of her head before glancing at Rio. Rio noticed Miharu’s gaze, but kept his expression fixed on his face. One scarlet-haired girl observed that interaction with deep interest.</p>

      <p>“You shouldn’t have your reunion standing up. Everyone, please take a seat. Lady Satsuki and Lady Miharu can sit opposite Sir Takahisa, and Sir Haruto can sit beside me. Is that all right with you, Father?” Charlotte suggested in a bright voice to dispel the strange atmosphere in the room.</p>

      <p>“Indeed.” Francois nodded solemnly. Rio and the others exchanged looks before moving to their assigned seats. Takahisa also returned to his seat beside the blonde girl in shame.</p>

      <p>“Lady Miharu, allow me to apologize as well” The blonde girl said to Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Umm, you are...?” Miharu asked. She had a gentle face and a well-educated feel to her; above all, her clothing implied a fairly high ranking figure, but she had yet to be introduced.</p>

      <p>“Oh, do excuse me. I have yet to introduce myself. I am Lilianna Centostella. The First Princess of the Centostella Kingdom.” Lilianna introduced herself with a pure and innocent smile.</p>

      <p>Once Miharu knew she was the First Princess, she returned the introduction in a panic. “Forgive me for my rudeness. I am Miharu Ayase.”</p>

      <p>“Allow me to introduce myself too. I’m Satsuki Sumeragi.” Satsuki gave a small bow in greeting.</p>

      <p>“Of course. I have heard all about you two, as well as Sir Takahisa’s siblings Lady Aki and Sir Masato from Sir Takahisa himself, so I am well aware. The reason we originally decided to attend the banquet in the Galarc Kingdom was due to the fact that we heard Lady Satsuki would be in attendance, but when we actually arrived at the castle and heard Lady Miharu was also present, Sir Takahisa was so terribly delighted. That is why he may behave impulsively and wildly at times, but if you could understand that is just out of his happiness to reunite with you, I would appreciate it,” Lilianna explained.</p>

      <p>“About that... you two wouldn’t know where Aki and Masato are, right?” Takahisa gave a weak smile as he asked. There was no way they could keep Aki and Masato’s locations from their older brother, but they couldn’t say it with Francois and Lilianna around.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, at present.” Satsuki nodded her head nonchalantly.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Takahisa frowned in disappointment.</p>

      <p>“We can talk about the two of them later, but first could you tell us about what you’ve been up to all this time? Miharu and I will tell you what we were up to as well.” Satsuki said to Takahisa, selecting a topic she didn’t mind being shared with the people present.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I wanted to ask that too.” Takahisa pulled himself together and nodded with a serious expression.</p>

      <p>Takahisa went first: after being summoned to the Centostella royal castle, his life was thrown into complete confusion. After being told there was no way of returning to Earth and seeing the people he cared about ever again, he fell into despair — to the point his physical condition deteriorated and left him on bedrest.</p>

      <p>“It was a huge shock when I learned I couldn’t go back to Earth... Of course, they treat me very well at the castle, but for the first month I had no appetite at all and lost a lot of weight. When I reached my limit, I collapsed from anemia...” Takahisa said in self-mockery.</p>

      <p>“Sir Takahisa has very deep affection for those close to him. That is why he was unable to bear the loss of the people he cares so deeply about, and collapsed.” Lilianna said in regards to Takahisa’s deteriorated condition.</p>

      <p>“Lily was the one who nursed me the whole time. She was always encouraging me when I was being pessimistic, listening to me, supporting me... She believed there was a possibility you guys had also become heroes and went to the king for information from other kingdoms. It’s all thanks to her that we were able to come to this banquet despite being a closed kingdom,” Takahisa explained, emphasizing how Lilianna had been his most trusted confidant. It was implied from the way he spoke that Takahisa trusted her quite a bit.</p>

      <p>“I see... You’ve had it tough, too, Takahisa. While my physical condition didn’t deteriorate, I wasn’t in the right state of mind to act as a hero for a long time. I holed myself up in my quarters of the castle and lived each day feeling pretty miserable.” Satsuki frowned, biting down on her lip.</p>

      <p>“Well, anyone would,” Takahisa sympathized with a bittersweet smile.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I’ve only become more optimistic recently. And, just in time, I met Miharu again.” Satsuki smiled gently and looked at Miharu seated beside her.</p>

      <p>“...Was Miharu separated from you?” Takahisa’s eyes widened slightly.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I was under Haruto’s protection and lived together with him,” Miharu said with a glance at Rio.</p>

      <p>“...Haruto? Him?” Takahisa noticed Rio at the end of Miharu’s gaze and stared at his face closely to confirm whether he was the one being mentioned.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Haruto is the one who saved me after I wandered into this world. That is, since I was transported to an isolated grassland, I was in a bit of a pinch...” Miharu chose her words carefully as she explained what happened to her, so that she wouldn’t worry Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“W-What do you mean? What happened?” Takahisa was shaken as he sought further explanation.</p>

      <p>“Calm down, Takahisa. Some shocking things may have happened along the way, but as a result, Miharu is here safe and sound. You should listen calmly and don’t panic.” Satsuki sighed tiredly.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay...” Takahisa nodded reluctantly.</p>

      <p>“Go on, tell him, Miharu,” Satsuki urged her.</p>

      <p>“Immediately after I wandered into this world, I walked through a grass field in search of people. I encountered some bad people, but Haruto came at just the right time and saved me. I’ve been in Haruto’s care ever since, and that’s how I was brought to this castle...” Miharu summarized.</p>

      <p>“B-Bad people...?” Takahisa asked with a gulp.</p>

      <p>“Slave merchants. They tried to abduct Miharu while she was clueless,” Satsuki sighed, informing him on Miharu’s behalf.</p>

      <p>“Slaves?!” Takahisa was completely flustered.</p>

      <p>“I told you to keep calm...” Satsuki scolded. “Guess that was asking for too much. But it’s fine, nothing happened to her and Haruto saved her right away, so relax. I’m sure it was a scary experience, but Miharu’s overcome that now. She’s a strong girl.”</p>

      <p>“...Are you okay?” Takahisa asked, fearfully trying to read Miharu’s expression.</p>

      <p>“Yup. The only thing scary was the very beginning, but I’ve had nothing but fun ever since. If anything, I’m <em>too</em> happy now,” Miharu said with a soft look.</p>

      <p>“I... see...” Takahisa saw Miharu’s expression, and for some reason, he felt his heart tighten unbearably. It throbbed in an unpleasant way, welling up with negative emotions one after another.</p>

      <p><em>Thank goodness Miharu wasn’t made into a slave! That would be... absolutely terrible. It goes against human rights! My... my Miharu...!</em> Takahisa felt strong anger bubbling in his heart. Treating people as objects, ignoring a person’s will, treating them however you liked — such primitive and savage systems went directly against Takahisa’s sense of justice.</p>

      <p>If Miharu had ended up a slave, just what would she have gone through? Imagining that made Takahisa pale in horror.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Takahisa’s heart throbbed even harder, making him clutch at his chest reflexively.</p>

      <p>“Are you all right, Sir Takahisa?” Lilianna asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I just couldn’t forgive that slave merchant — no, the whole slavery system... Ignoring a person’s will and using them however one wishes should definitely be prohibited,” Takahisa said, taking a deep breath before spitting out his anger.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, it isn’t a desirable thing.” Lilianna showed a glimpse of a dark expression as she agreed with him.</p>

      <p>“But I’m glad Miharu’s safe. So glad you didn’t end up a slave...” Takahisa stared at Miharu straight in the face, thinking that from the bottom of his heart.</p>

      <p>“...Thank you, Takahisa. But thanks to Haruto, I’m fine, so don’t think too much about it,” Miharu said with a conflicted expression.</p>

      <p>“...Thank you very much, Haruto. For saving Miharu.” Takahisa had a somewhat odd smile as he thanked Rio. While his true feelings were grateful towards him, Takahisa also felt frustrated that it wasn’t himself that saved Miharu. Imagining Miharu growing close to Rio somewhere while he was unaware made him feel excluded and extremely anxious. He was scared there was a Miharu he didn’t know.</p>

      <p>“No, I only did what should have been done.” Rio shook his head with a smile.</p>

      <p>Seeing Rio’s face like that made Takahisa start to think of himself as small and insignificant, making him feel extremely panicked. “You seem like a nice guy, Haruto.” It was all he could do to keep his composure, barely able to squeeze those words out.</p>

      <p>“That’s right — Haruto’s a very nice person. I’ve only known him for two days, but it feels like he’s a friend I’ve known for many years already,” Satsuki agreed with a giggle, looking at Rio. Francois, who had been observing silently until now, took notice of this statement and hummed his agreement with deep interest. Seated beside Francois, Charlotte noticed this with clarity.</p>

      <p>“It’s an honor.” Rio chuckled, giving a small shrug of his shoulders.</p>

      <p>“I’ve certainly felt a kind of closeness to Sir Haruto as well. He’s like my real older brother, in a way that’s different from Michel,” Charlotte suddenly said.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Bwahaha, to think Charlotte would go as far as to say that. Rejoice, Haruto.” Francois immediately burst into laughter.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, there is no higher honor.” Rio was a little confused by the flow of conversation, but replied humbly nonetheless.</p>

      <p>“Actually, Lady Satsuki and I were talking about how we wanted to have Sir Haruto as our partner for the second and third nights of the banquet,” Charlotte recalled.</p>

      <p>“Wha — Char! W-Well, I did say that, but it was just because I was going with the flow of things...” Satsuki blushed in embarrassment; she had only been saying it as a joke at that time. True, she had said it because it didn’t sound like a bad idea, but for some reason, she couldn’t help but feel tremendously embarrassed to admit it.</p>

      <p>“Oh? I was serious, though. Wouldn’t you prefer Sir Haruto over an unknown gentleman, Lady Satsuki? You entered the venue on the first day with Father, but from the second day onwards it’s more favorable to have a partner, you know?”</p>

      <p>“W-Well, Haruto would certainly be a better choice than a stranger, but...” Satsuki admitted shyly.</p>

      <p>Charlotte laughed impishly. “In that case, Father. Could Lady Satsuki and I accompany Sir Haruto as his partner for the second day of the banquet?”</p>

      <p>“If you wish. And only if Lady Satsuki agrees. You do not mind either, do you, Haruto?” Francois’ mouth turned upwards in a pleasant smile. He looked at Rio.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, of course. But... are you sure?” Rio nodded his head, but he couldn’t read Francois’ intentions and probed further.</p>

      <p>“It shows how much your achievements are valued. I bestow upon you the honor of escorting our kingdom’s hero and the Second Princess. To put it simply: it’s a kind of reward. Not to mention, we were having difficulty selecting a partner for Lady Satsuki to begin with. Wouldn’t you consider this perfect? It’s a great duty. Fulfill it well.”</p>

      <p>“It would be my pleasure...” Rio nodded. He wasn’t in a position to choose a partner to begin with.</p>

      <p>“But what will Miharu do? Miharu can’t be saddled with a stranger for a partner either.” Satsuki looked at her.</p>

      <p>“In that case, Sir Takahisa is present. He seemed to be delighted to reunite with Lady Miharu, so I think it’d be the perfect opportunity for them to catch up with each other. Of course, it would be together with Princess Lilianna,” Charlotte said cheerfully, looking at Takahisa and Lilianna.</p>

      <p>“How wonderful. Of course I wouldn’t mind. I wanted to speak to Lady Miharu myself,” Lilianna agreed pleasantly.</p>

      <p>“Of course I’d be up for that! No, please allow me the honor!” Takahisa offered himself up enthusiastically.</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided. Oh, but if Lady Miharu is opposed to it, we’ll have to find something else...” Charlotte said with a grin.</p>

      <p>Miharu paused for a moment, but slowly shook her head. “...No, I also have things I’d like to talk to Takahisa about.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte looked at the clock in the room before addressing Francois. “In that case, Sir Takahisa and Princess Lilianna still haven’t been escorted to their rooms, and it’s almost time to get dressed up. Would you say it’s about time to wrap up here, Father?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, you’re right. We cannot have the guests of honor be tardy. I shall prepare another opportunity to sit and talk, either after the banquet or sometime tomorrow.” Francois nodded deeply, then stood up quickly. He looked at the head servant waiting in the room and ordered them to escort Takahisa, Lilianna, and Rio.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto, please look after me at the banquet tonight. Lady Satsuki and Lady Miharu, please come this way. I shall lead you to the dressing room,” Charlotte said, inviting Satsuki and Miharu along to the dressing room to prepare.</p>

      <p>“Right. Let’s get going,” said Satsuki. They had arrived at the drawing parlor with nothing but the clothes on their back, but the gowns were already placed in the dressing room in the castle, so there was no need for Satsuki to return to her quarters.</p>

      <p>Thus, the group disbanded for the moment.</p>

      <p>“See you later then, Haruto.” Satsuki and Miharu were escorted out of the room by Charlotte. Francois left with them as well.</p>

      <p>“I shall lead you to the guest rooms. Please come this way,” the head servant said to Takahisa and Lilianna. A head servant also approached Rio and began to escort him to the men’s dressing room.</p>

      <p>“Umm... Haruto.” Takahisa confirmed that Miharu and Satsuki had left the room before stopping in front of the door and addressing Rio behind him. At the same time, Lilianna and the female knights who were with him also stopped.</p>

      <p>“Yes?” Rio came to a stop.</p>

      <p>“Thank you so much for saving Miharu. Truly,” Takahisa said, bowing his head deeply at Rio.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to offer my gratitude, too. With this, Sir Takahisa’s anguish has lessened significantly. There were voices that opposed us, but attending this banquet was the right choice.” Lilianna smiled innocently.</p>

      <p>“No, I didn’t do anything special.” Rio shook his head with a gentle expression.</p>

      <p>“...Well, I’d like to talk to you again sometime. For now, I’ll act as Miharu’s partner tonight, while Satsuki will be in your care.” Takahisa looked carefully at Rio and emphasized the ‘I’ and ‘Miharu.’ It was a materialization of Takahisa’s sense of rivalry.</p>

      <p>“Yes, please take care of her.” Rio nodded with a faint smile.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Takahisa felt a faint restlessness in his chest when faced directly with the ease in Rio’s behavior. The fact that Miharu had been together with him this entire time flashed in his head, making that restlessness grow larger and larger.</p>

      <p>“Well then, see you again later. I shouldn’t be the reason that the two of you are delayed.” Whether Rio knew what kind of mental state Takahisa was in or not, he bowed his head respectfully and ended the conversation there.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Roughly one hour later, in one of the many rooms in a social hall adjacent to the Galarc royal castle...</p>

      <p>Presently, the princess of a small country to the north of the Galarc Kingdom, Princess Sylvie Rubia of the Rubia Kingdom, faced two men plotting away secretly as she waited for the beginning of the banquet she was invited to.</p>

      <p>“Lord Charles, will Her Majesty Princess Christina be attending as planned?” One man, a middle-aged man with a thin and sickly look to his face, questioned Charles, who had been dispatched from the main Beltrum Kingdom government.</p>

      <p>“Of course we brought her,” Charles answered with a look at the seemingly unhappy Sylvie. “But why is the Rubia Kingdom princess here, Mr. Reiss?”</p>

      <p>“That won’t do, Lord Charles. Tonight, I am Jean Benard. A goodwill ambassador and the second son of the Rubia Kingdom’s Duke Bernard, here accompanying Princess Sylvie. That’s my backstory.” Reiss shook his head.</p>

      <p>“...My apologies, Lord Bernard. However, no matter our relationship, I would like you to explain this situation in more detail.” Charles shot a look at the still-displeased Princess Sylvie before questioning Reiss with a look. He was asking whether she was trustworthy.</p>

      <p>“Of course. Did you know the small countries to the northern lands are a rivalry of warlords? The Rubia Kingdom was formerly in a favorable alliance with the Kingdom of Galarc, but has recently grown close to our country behind closed doors. That’s what it is,” Reiss said, smiling with deep meaning.</p>

      <p>“...I do not recall my kingdom growing any closer to your motherland,” Sylvie grimaced, interrupting their conversation.</p>

      <p>“That’s what she says, but rest assured: I have taken her little sister under my care as a sign of our friendship, so there is no way for her to betray us.” Reiss shrugged with exasperation, speaking to Charles.</p>

      <p>Charles looked at Sylvie with a cold sneer, before looking back to Reiss. “In that case, I understand. Then let us hear what you are scheming with Princess Christina, myself, and the hero, while the wretched Duke Huguenot faction throws their weight around at this banquet.”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, I would never scheme anything. The reason is as I told you in advance. Our kingdom simply cannot overlook this banquet where so many heroes are gathered at once. The reason I asked you to attend with your kingdom’s First Princess and hero was to shake Duke Huguenot’s faction, and the reason why I’m personally attending is to observe the enemy myself. That is all.”</p>

      <p>“How unexpected. I had assumed you were plotting something else with Princess Sylvie here...”</p>

      <p>“The reason Princess Sylvie is here is because I am Jean Bernard from the Rubia Kingdom tonight. I am lightly disguised, but my goal is to observe, so I won’t do anything that attracts attention, and I have been acquainted with you for a long time now. I thought I would greet you before we meet at the venue, so that you won’t be surprised. Other than that, it seems like my acquaintanceship with the Rubia Kingdom will be ongoing for a while too, so I wanted to introduce you to Princess Sylvie,” Reiss said, taking out a monocle from his breast pocket and putting it on.</p>

      <p>“Bwahaha! It’s my first time seeing you with a monocle on, but it suits you well. I see, I see. So that’s how it is. It seems I was a bit too suspicious.” Charles laughed heartily.</p>

      <p>“Well, tonight’s banquet should be a meaningful event for you as well. I’m sure you’ve heard of the Restoration’s establishment already, no? It’s a wonderful opportunity to gather information, so use it efficiently,” Reiss said.</p>

      <p>“Understood.” Charles showed a hint of a bitter expression when he heard the word “Restoration,” but he soon replaced it with a bold look and sneer.</p>

      <p><em>I will be using the banquet tonight efficiently myself. While half my goal is accomplished with my infiltration alongside Princess Sylvie, I must not let my guard down. But I shall have my fill of fun.</em> Reiss grinned alongside Charles.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>