<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello, everyone. This is Yuri Kitayama. Thank you for picking up <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles 12: Battlefield</em> <em>Symphony</em>.</p>

      <p>Three years and two months have passed so quickly since my debut, and now Volume 12 of <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> is being published. Furthermore, a drama CD version was also made, at last. This is all thanks to everyone who has given this series their love, the illustrator Riv, editor N, and a great many other people who have shown concern. I give you all my sincere gratitude. Thank you, from the bottom of my heart.</p>

      <p>The drama CD can be listened to by purchasing <em>Seirei Gensouki 12: Battlefield Symphony</em> - Drama CD edition.</p>

      <p>Rio is played by Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Miharu is played by Sayaka Harada, Aishia is played by Yuuki Kuwahara, Professor Celia is played by Akane Fujita, Latifa is played by Tomori Kusunoki, Liselotte is played by Nao Toyama, and Satsuki is played by Haruka Tomatsu. The seven lavish cast members played their characters in a 70-minute-long performance. In addition—and some of you may have already listened to it—the script is filled with instances that will be sure to make you grin. (My editor told me that character interactions are important in drama CDs, so I paid extra attention to that while writing a script of side-story-like content that I wanted to fit into the main story, but couldn’t. You may be in danger of grinning openly if you listen in public. Hehe.)</p>

      <p>I visited the recording studio as the original author and scriptwriter, and after greeting the staff and cast members, I was able to watch the recording take place live. They breathed life into the characters as though they were really there—it was so moving! Thank you to all the staff and cast!</p>

      <p>Listening to a script that I wrote myself is a little embarrassing, but I can say with confidence that the content is interesting, so please give it a listen if you can. (If the sales of the first drama CD do well, a second drama CD could also be a possibility, so if anyone has any stories they’d like to hear, please tweet about it on Twitter... I may be looking... Maybe!)</p>

      <p>By the way, the contents of the drama CD take place after the story of volume 12, so while it isn’t absolute, it may be better to read Volume 12 before listening to the CD (the content of the main story is fairly serious, so it could serve as a good breather afterwards, too. Haha).</p>

      <p>Furthermore, I plan on touching upon something mentioned in the story of the drama CD in a future volume of the main story, so drama CD listeners can enjoy connecting that moment in the future with a grin on their faces.</p>

      <p>Now, let’s wrap up the drama CD talk here and talk about Volume 12! Unlike the drama CD filled with smile-inducing content, the Volume 12 story focuses on the complicated state of Princess Christina’s heart—something which can also be seen from the regular edition cover.</p>

      <p>The story in this volume was something I wanted to show since Princess Christina first appeared in Volume 1. The things she was thinking in Volume 1, what she thinks now—it would be nice if you could consider not only what was depicted in Volume 12, but what was left unsaid in between the lines too. Flora’s also engaged to Sakata now, so who knows what may happen in the future? *evil grin* Things that couldn’t happen in the web novel have happened, and I’ve put in lots of foreshadowing about things that didn’t happen in future volumes seemingly likely to happen here, so the web novel readers can look forward to the future too!</p>

      <p>Now, I shall wrap up around here. I’m sorry Volume 12 had another intense cliffhanger of an ending, but I hope we can meet in Volume 13 as well (the preview will be on the next page).<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="signature">Early November 2018</p>

      <p class="signature">Yuri Kitayama</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>