<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: The Road to Restoration</h1>

      <p>Rio and the others departed from the spring shortly after they finished bathing, making their way through the forest and down the road for about ten kilometers on foot.</p>

      <p>It was afternoon—still too early for the sun to set. Normal travelers would probably push forward a little more at such a time of day, but—</p>

      <p>“Let’s stop here for today,” Rio suggested just as a small city came into view.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure? It’s only afternoon...” Kouta looked up at the sky and said.</p>

      <p>“It’s too dark to see anything at night, so the law of traveling is to set up camp before the sun sets. Well, it’s still a little early even for that, but I wanted to make a shopping trip for the things everyone will need on the journey.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>Indeed, because they had left Cleia with minimal belongings, Christina and the others were practically empty-handed right now. They didn’t have anything necessary for traveling. They could use the plain cloaks they had worn while escaping on their journey, but the high status clothing they had on underneath was improper for travel, so they’d need a change of clothes.</p>

      <p>“But the first thing we’ll need to secure is lodgings for today. It’d be a problem if we made our reservations late and missed out on the good inns. I’ve secured travel expenses from Count Claire already, so there’s no need for worry there, at least. Let’s enter the city now.”</p>

      <p>Normally, the central districts of cities were protected with secure walls and strict inspections upon entrance and exit, but the outer walls of the city usually had their gates left open during the day for anyone to come in and out freely.</p>

      <p>There were soldiers on guard at the gate, but they wouldn’t stop anyone without a reason for suspicion. However—</p>

      <p>“Hold it.”</p>

      <p>When they actually arrived at the gate, a middle-aged soldier out of several called for them to halt. He was probably the one in charge.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” Rio replied on behalf of the party.</p>

      <p>“Ah, you just seemed rather lightweight for such a large party. I wouldn’t normally stop you, but we currently have orders from above, you see. Could you remove your hood?”</p>

      <p>It was probably part of the search for Christina. There was no way a lowly soldier would be familiar with the first princess’ face, so he was probably looking out for her hair color. Kouta and Rei’s black hair was rare, and Christina’s purple hair was also an uncommon color. It would have been a problem if they hadn’t altered their hair with magic artifacts.</p>

      <p>“Sure, we don’t mind. Everyone, lower your hoods.” Rio nodded agreeably and called out to everyone standing behind him. Celia and the others began lowering their hoods and revealing their faces one after another.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” The soldiers’ gazes first went to their hair. This was probably to check the color. Once they didn’t see the colors they were looking out for, their eyes moved to their faces.</p>

      <p>“...H-Huh, this is quite the gathering of pretty faces,” the soldier said, glancing around at the girls’ faces once more.</p>

      <p>Celia, Sara, Orphia, Alma, Christina, Vanessa. The women were blessed with exceedingly beautiful appearances that were uncommon.</p>

      <p>“Yes. That’s why we’re wearing hoods to hide our faces—we don’t want to attract attention. Do we have to keep them removed inside the city?”</p>

      <p>“No, you’re free to wear them in the city, but what kind of group are you people?” the soldier asked to investigate a little further. The surrounding soldiers gazed at them with intense curiosity.</p>

      <p>“We’re a group on a pilgrimage through the Beltrum Kingdom, and we’re passing through this city on our way back to our home country of Galarc. The two at the front are the young ladies we serve—the rest of us are armed guards escorting them.”</p>

      <p>Rio calmly gave a made up reason, passing off Christina and Celia off as noblewomen of the Galarc Kingdom.</p>

      <p>In the Strahl region, it was common knowledge that the sacred lands were all concerned with the legends of the Six Wise Gods, and devout noble or royal worshipers would go on pilgrimages as holidays. Relations between the Galarc Kingdom and Beltrum Kingdom had grown strained as of late, but they weren’t in a state of war, so pilgrimages weren’t out of the ordinary.</p>

      <p>Celia and Christina were actually nobility and royalty, so they gave off enough of an aura simply by standing there in silence.</p>

      <p>“Ah... I see. Excuse me.”</p>

      <p>The middle-aged soldier suddenly took on a formal tone. Acting carelessly before another kingdom’s nobility could potentially develop into an international problem, so he probably wanted to avoid getting into trouble. Let sleeping dogs lie, after all.</p>

      <p>“Can we go through the gate now?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, go ahead.” There may have been other things he wanted to ask, but he allowed them through the gate into the city easily.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Phew, I was so nervous. Even though we discussed what we would do in advance...” Celia muttered in relief once they’d safely passed through the gate.</p>

      <p>“Good work,” Rio said with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Haruto’s acting was truly splendid.”</p>

      <p>“It really was! It was all I could do to keep my face from freezing up.”</p>

      <p>Alma and Sara said in praise.</p>

      <p>Orphia tilted her head in wonder. “I guess we’re out of the woods for now?”</p>

      <p>“But they were clearly looking at our hair color when we took our hoods off, right? Maybe the search party has reached this city already...” Kouta said worriedly.</p>

      <p>Rio dispelled Kouta’s worries with his conjecture. “No, there are countless cities, post towns, and villages even in a single area, so it’s impossible to allocate enough personnel without narrowing the search range. The conventional practice is to set a mark on the most likely location and prioritize placing personnel there. We’re in a location that would normally take three days to reach from Cleia, so the search party has yet to prioritize searching here after only a single day.”</p>

      <p>“They’ve probably sent a wanted notice to every city along the road from Cleia to Rodania, searching for people that match our features. The questions we received from the soldiers just now was probably that,” Vanessa added.</p>

      <p>Rei grimaced. “A wanted notice, huh. Hmm, it’s kinda like we’ve become criminals.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that probably isn’t completely incorrect. Some of us would be treated as criminals if we were caught.”</p>

      <p>“Some of us” probably referred to the difference in positions amongst them resulting in different treatment. As Rui’s friends, Kouta and Rei would most likely be let off without punishment even if they were caught, but there was no telling how the others would be treated.</p>

      <p>“We haven’t even done anything wrong...” Kouta mumbled bitterly.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, what’s ‘right and wrong’ is decided by those with power,” Rio said in warning.</p>

      <p>“Could they make someone clearly innocent into a criminal?” Kouta asked with a pout.</p>

      <p>“They could, if they had enough power to see through the false accusation. It’d be another matter if there was a system to stop the abuse of power, but there’s no guarantee that system would function well.”</p>

      <p>“...How unpleasant.” Kouta muttered bitterly.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Christina listened to the two of them talk with quite a conflicted expression. “We’re fleeing to Rodania in order to prevent that. So that the rightful successor can be transferred the power to lay out a good government.”</p>

      <p>Rio’s gaze fell on Christina as he spoke, making her clench her fists. She barely managed to maintain her expression as she took in his gaze. Rio soon averted his eyes and cut the conversation short.</p>

      <p>“We’ll only feel upset if we discuss this any further, so let’s go search for an inn now.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Several minutes later, Rio and the others had arrived at the shopping district of the city. The small city only had a population of around a thousand people, so it wasn’t that large of a district. There weren’t that many inn options, either, so they picked an old wooden building with three floors to stay at.</p>

      <p>Over half their party had never stayed in an inn before, so they followed Rio’s lead with rather awkward footsteps.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, a whole group has come.”</p>

      <p>As they entered the inn, a middle-aged man who appeared to be the innkeeper stood up from his seat at the counter and rubbed his hands together with a businessman’s smile.</p>

      <p>“Do you have any free rooms? There’s nine of us that would like to stay,” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“We do. While we don’t have a room for nine people, we have a room for six and three rooms for three available. Feel free to pick your preference,” the innkeeper answered, then looked at the eight people standing behind Rio. He was probably checking for anyone strange among them, but didn’t seem to see anything suspicious as his gaze soon returned to Rio, who he thought to be their representative.</p>

      <p>For the record, Celia, Sara, Orphia, Alma, and Christina still had their hoods on, but Rio, Kouta, Rei, and Vanessa had theirs removed. They feared that everyone wearing a hood would make them seem like a suspicious group.</p>

      <p>“Then we’ll take the six person room and a three person room.”</p>

      <p>“All right. Your total comes to three small silvers. If you’d like dinner, it’ll be two large bronze per person...”</p>

      <p>“No, we don’t need a meal. Could we rent the kitchen instead?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. It’s three large bronze for an hour and a half rental. We also sell ingredients.”</p>

      <p>“Then we’d like to rent the kitchen. You can show me the ingredients list later.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll hand you enough money to cover everything including the kitchen rental. If it isn’t enough, we’ll pay the rest at check out. If it is enough, you can keep the rest as a tip.” Rio took out the wallet from his breast pocket and laid four small silvers on the counter.</p>

      <p>The innkeeper agreed happily. Tips weren’t a necessity, but customers that left tips were often treated better. “Understood. These are the keys to your rooms. The two rooms are located at the far right of the third floor.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Thanks.” Rio accepted the two keys and turned around. “We’ve got our rooms—let’s go. It’s on the third floor.”</p>

      <p>He encouraged Celia and the others behind him to move. Thus, the nine of them crowded the staircase and made their way up to the room allocated to them.</p>

      <p>Rio ascended the stairs and first unlocked the room at the far right. “This is the six person room. Please use this room, ladies.”</p>

      <p>There were six single beds and one table before them, a scene showing how cramped the inn’s minimal furnishings were arranged. The room was a little dusty and smelled of mold.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>With the situation being what it was, they weren’t in a position to complain—the girls definitely didn’t look displeased, but they did look around in curious shock at the scene.</p>

      <p>Vanessa probably had opportunities to experience this as a knight, but the other five were sheltered ladies with pampered backgrounds. Considering their regular standards of living, it wasn’t surprising that they found it curious.</p>

      <p>“Well, short of high-class inns, most places are like this. I doubt anything will happen, but I figured it would be better to have you all in the same room in case something does. Forgive me.”</p>

      <p>There were no high-class inns in small regional cities like this.</p>

      <p>The first to open her mouth was Alma. “It has a certain kind of flavor, so I’m fine with it.”</p>

      <p>“The beds are crowded together, so it might be easier for us to talk face-to-face at night,” Orphia said with a giggle.</p>

      <p>“This isn’t a sleepover,” Sara said, her mouth turned upwards in a smile.</p>

      <p>Celia agreed pleasantly. “We can’t stay up too late, but a little should be fine.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve never slept in the same room as other girls my age, so I’m a little curious about what a sleepover is like.” Christina was on board with the direction of the conversation, expressing her curiosity.</p>

      <p>“For now, I’ll give the key to Vanessa. Stay inside the inn as much as possible. It’d be a problem if people tried to mess with you.”</p>

      <p>“Right, got it.” Vanessa accepted the key from Rio.</p>

      <p>“Also, I’m going to go on a shopping run in about ten minutes or so. Could you think of the things you need and list them for me? It’d be great if L-Lady Celia and Sara’s group could help with the shopping. I’d like to check that the area around the inn and inside the city is free from the eyes of the search party.”</p>

      <p>After having said that, Rio looked at Celia and Sara. He’d been calling Celia with a “Lady” title since Cleia because of Christina and the others, but he still stuttered a little as he wasn’t used to it.</p>

      <p>“Sure, leave it to us.” Sara and the other girls nodded.</p>

      <p>“We’ll head to our room for now, then. Let’s go.” Rio turned around and called Kouta and Rei along as he left the room.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>A few minutes later, Rio went outside with Celia, Sara, Orphia, and Alma. The girls all had their hoods on while Rio had removed his.</p>

      <p>First, they walked around to the front of the inn. There wasn’t much pedestrian traffic, and while there were some people who looked at them questioningly, none of them were hiding their presence in a sly manner. They didn’t seem suspicious, at the very least.</p>

      <p>“Just to be safe, I’d like to ask you all to send your contract spirits to investigate the area and keep watch...” Rio said to Sara, Orphia, and Alma.</p>

      <p>“Mine’s actually out investigating the city in spirit form already.”</p>

      <p>“Ariel is in material form and scouting the area from the sky.”</p>

      <p>“Ifrita is guarding the inn in spirit form.”</p>

      <p>The three of them spoke with pride in their voices. They had already taken the initiative and sent their contract spirits out.</p>

      <p>“I should have known. Thank you,” Rio said with a soft smile.</p>

      <p>“No problem at all,” Sara shook her head happily. They all seemed to be in high spirits.</p>

      <p>“But this means there was no need for everyone to come outside... I was thinking of just having Cecilia accompany me for the shopping.”</p>

      <p>They were in the city, so Rio called Celia by her alias. As targets of the search, Christina and the others couldn’t use their real names, so they had decided on the aliases of “Tina” for Christina, “Nessa” for Vanessa, and “Kou” for Kouta. Rei was the exception, as his name was fairly common in the Strahl region, so he didn’t need an alias. Though for some reason, Rei seemed a bit disappointed when he first heard that...</p>

      <p>“Huh? Me?” Celia blinked in surprise at being nominated to go shopping.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I figured you’d be the most familiar with what to buy out of everyone here.”</p>

      <p>Rio gave a very valid reason. As a noble daughter, Celia should be able to buy the items Christina needed without issue.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I’ll be happy to go along... Uh.” Celia had been speaking bashfully when she realized Sara and the others were staring at her closely. She flinched and stiffened up—</p>

      <p>“Oh! Since we’re outside already, I want to go too!” Orphia requested cheerfully, raising her hand.</p>

      <p>Without a moment’s delay, Alma calmly agreed. “I’d like to go too.”</p>

      <p>“Me too...” Sara offered hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“Shall we all go together, then?”</p>

      <p>“Yes!”</p>

      <p>Everyone answered energetically to Rio’s confirmation.</p>

      <p>“Hmph...” Celia pouted cutely. She knew that she would have done the same if she were in their position, so she didn’t say anything further.</p>

      <p>“In this case, I should discuss a few other matters with you all as well. Let’s do that while we make our way to the market,” Rio said, suddenly remembering something.</p>

      <p>“What do you want to discuss?” Celia pulled herself together and followed Rio.</p>

      <p>“It’s about the man named Reiss.”</p>

      <p>“Ah...” The other girls’ expressions fell.</p>

      <p>“He’s shrouded in mystery, but I believe that man is a skilled user of spirit arts. That, or he possesses an ancient artifact that allows him to activate powerful sorcery without chanting,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“His presence was terribly faint... No, it was nonexistent. I couldn’t detect him at all until the moment he fired that attack from within the woods. Even when he stood right in front of me, his presence was barely detectable,” Sara said with a stern expression.</p>

      <p>“He even had the nerve to say he was assisting us,” Alma added.</p>

      <p>“If the attack from the forest was Reiss’ doing, then his target is most likely Her Highness. It’s possible he could just be trying to make us think that way, but at any rate, we need to be prepared for another surprise attack. I don’t think he’d be able to track us down so easily, but just to be safe, I’d like you all to have your contract spirits on guard during our journey.”</p>

      <p>There was a limit to how far they could search, but they’d be able to spot any unguarded attempts at approaching them immediately.</p>

      <p>“Yes, leave it to us,” Sara nodded.</p>

      <p>“But if he really is a user of spirit arts, we should consider the possibility there may be others who can use spirit arts on his side too. We may be forced into a difficult fight depending on the enemy’s numbers and abilities,” Alma said, pursing her lips and humming in thought.</p>

      <p>“At the very least, there shouldn’t be any spirit art users in Beltrum and Galarc...” Rio looked at Celia for confirmation.</p>

      <p>“That’s right, as far as I am aware. Other than Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“It’s eerie, isn’t it?” Sara asked with a stern face.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, eerie...” Even the normally-cheerful Orphia had a serious expression. She recalled how Reiss had called Rio by his name as he departed. “Speaking of which, how did that man know about your real name?”</p>

      <p>“Probably because he heard it from Lucius, the captain of the Heavenly Lions. That man has a bit of a history with me,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“A history...” the spirit folk girls muttered, exchanging glances. Celia had heard about that story last time after Rio retrieved Flora from her abduction, so she frowned with a conflicted face.</p>

      <p>Despite looking uncomfortable, Rio told Sara and the others about the connection he had with Lucius. He couldn’t keep it to himself any longer. “I haven’t told you about him yet. Lucius is the man who killed my mother.”</p>

      <p>“...No way...” the girls muttered, at a loss for words.</p>

      <p>“Well, that doesn’t matter right now. I have other problems to deal with at the moment.” Rio gave a pained sigh.</p>

      <p>Celia took a guess at what that problem was. “...You mean how Princess Christina heard you being called by your name, right?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.” Rio nodded his head slowly.</p>

      <p>“...What do you mean?” Sara asked in confusion.</p>

      <p>“Do you remember how I told you I was falsely accused of a crime before I met all of you?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“The uproar that caused the false accusation was made in a location where Princess Christina was present. We are former classmates,” Rio explained.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Isn’t that a fairly bad thing, then...?”</p>

      <p>The spirit folk girls’ faces paled in panic.</p>

      <p>“...Perhaps.” In contrast, Rio’s voice was extremely composed.</p>

      <p>“How can you be so calm about it?” Celia sighed in exasperation.</p>

      <p>“Whether Princess Christina has figured out my identity or not, I cannot show any signs that will further her suspicions. She doesn’t have any proof we’re the same person, so unless the necessity arises, I can just feign ignorance to it all.”</p>

      <p>This time, Celia sighed tiredly. “That sounds nerve wracking.”</p>

      <p>“Ahaha...” The spirit folk girls agreed with their dry laughter.</p>

      <p>“It looks like we’ve arrived in the shopping district. We still need to prepare food, so let’s hurry and return.”</p>

      <p>Rio headed for the shops without any sign of concern.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile...</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Christina was seated elegantly on her bed, silently staring out the window. The profile of her expression was fleeting, as though she was pondering a question with no possible answer.</p>

      <p>She had been in this state ever since Rio and the others left the inn. Vanessa was seated on the bed beside hers, remaining silent out of consideration.</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina,” she suddenly said.</p>

      <p>“...What?” Christina asked with a glance.</p>

      <p>“Sir Amakawa aside, what do you think of Sara and the other girls? He claimed they were from a minority group of people...”</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t know anything about it.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t you feel curious at all?”</p>

      <p>“What good would come out of being curious?”</p>

      <p>“Four enchanted sword wielders, including Sir Amakawa. I’m sure you understand how much combat strength this amounts to.”</p>

      <p>Normally, a knight that had undergone training to increase their physical abilities through magic or sorcery could overwhelm dozens of ordinary foot soldiers. Experienced enchanted sword wielders were able to overwhelm dozens of those knights. Their strength wasn’t easy to measure, but it was estimated that a single one could take on a battalion of foot soldiers (in the numbers of several hundred to a thousand).</p>

      <p>In other words, their abilities were truly like a one-man army. With the scarcity of enchanted swords and an even fewer number of people capable of using them effectively, enchanted sword wielders were treasured existences.</p>

      <p>And they had four of them on their side, including Haruto. If a value had to be applied to their combat power, then they would easily surpass an entire brigade, or several thousand people.</p>

      <p>Vanessa spoke of the scale of their combat power passionately, but in contrast—</p>

      <p>“Sure,” Christina replied indifferently.</p>

      <p>“Then, if I may be so presumptuous to say, I believe we should attempt to seek their further cooperation after Your Highness has been safely escorted to the Restoration. We could take the chance now to see if we can form a favorable relationship with the girls and their village,” Vanessa stated.</p>

      <p>“Those girls are merely cooperating as Sir Amakawa’s friends, as well as for the sake of Professor Celia, who they became acquainted with through Sir Amakawa. They have no reason to support the Restoration.”</p>

      <p>In other words, Sara and the girls had acted out of obligation towards Haruto, and Haruto was acting out of his obligation towards Celia.</p>

      <p>“In that case, we could figure out a way to give them a reason.”</p>

      <p>“...Perhaps. I’ll consider it.”</p>

      <p>It was a flat response that showed her lack of interest in the situation, which was probably why Vanessa came up with her own suggestion.</p>

      <p>“For example, we could ask Celia to act as our point of contact for negotiations. There must be some way.”</p>

      <p>“If we did such a thing, we’d cause discord between Professor Celia and Sir Amakawa... No, between Sir Amakawa and ourselves.”</p>

      <p>Sensing from Christina’s tone that she didn’t even have the intention of extending a casual invitation, Vanessa frowned. “Of course, that is one possible result if we go too far. But not even making an attempt just seems like...”</p>

      <p>“Seems like...?”</p>

      <p>“...No, it’s nothing.” Vanessa looked like she wanted to say something, but shook her head.</p>

      <p>“I won’t mind. Just say it,” Christina sighed.</p>

      <p>“...It almost seems like you’re showing reserve when it comes to Sir Amakawa?” Vanessa said hesitantly, choosing her words with care.</p>

      <p>“Of course I would show reserve. Sir Amakawa is an honorary knight of the Galarc Kingdom. We’ve only just become acquainted.” Christina’s eyes had widened faintly for a moment, but her answer was logically formed.</p>

      <p>“I have taken that into consideration already.”</p>

      <p>She was showing <em>too much </em>reserve. That was what Vanessa’s gaze was implying.</p>

      <p>“What makes you think that?”</p>

      <p>“Because that man, Reiss, has referred to Sir Amakawa as Rio, perhaps?”</p>

      <p>“...” Christina said nothing.</p>

      <p>“Roughly nine years ago, when Princess Flora was abducted, we encountered an orphan in the slums of the capital. I recall that that orphan’s name was Rio. Though I had no further connection with him after that incident, he would have been your classmate at the academy.”</p>

      <p>“...There may have been someone like that. I’m surprised you remember, actually.” Christina was impressed even as she sighed.</p>

      <p>“He was an impressive boy.”</p>

      <p>The sharp look he had given them in the slums, his gruesome figure after being tortured under the name of questioning by Charles Arbor at the castle, and the words he had directed at Vanessa—all of it had left an impression. He had also caused a stir when he thoroughly defeated Charles at the tournament against the knights, as well as during the uproar at the outdoor drill where Flora had her accident.</p>

      <p>“But there’s no telling if Sir Amakawa is the same Rio as the one we knew. There’s not enough information to determine if they are the same person. And there’s no way of proving it.”</p>

      <p>“Really? If he is the same orphan as that time, then his favorable relationship with Celia can be explained through their academy connection. If he kept in contact with her after his disappearance during the outdoor drill, then...”</p>

      <p>“That’s pure conjecture,” Christina rejected curtly.</p>

      <p>“It’s based around the facts.”</p>

      <p>In other words, the fact that Reiss had called him Rio, and that he currently had a close relationship with Celia, was far beyond just coincidence. When they were added to the fact that the boy named Rio was acquainted with Celia in the past...</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>