<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Even then, that doesn’t make it evidence.”</p>

      <p>Someone who had disappeared for years during their growth period was now disguised as someone else. Indeed, that was impossible to prove—unless they acknowledged the fact themselves, revealing memories only that person would know, or had features unique to that person alone.</p>

      <p>“What if we checked his hair color, then? According to my memory, the boy from back then once had black hair. His facial features were also uniquely exotic. I consider Sir Amakawa’s features to be fairly exotic, so would it be enough evidence if his hair was black too?”</p>

      <p>“Sir Amakawa’s hair is gray.”</p>

      <p>“Hair color can be altered by magic artifacts—the very artifacts we’re currently borrowing. What if he is using the same artifact as us?”</p>

      <p>“It could just be a coincidence,” Christina stated without batting an eye.</p>

      <p>“...I am convinced that you’re showing too much reservation towards Sir Amakawa after all, Your Highness.” Vanessa had a sullen look on her face.</p>

      <p>“That’s ridiculous. Why would I feel reserved?”</p>

      <p>“Why didn’t you ask Sir Amakawa about it, then? The fact that Reiss called him Rio. You had plenty of chances to ask him on the way here. He could be the same Rio that you once knew. Didn’t that thought cross your mind?”</p>

      <p>“Even if he were the same person, he’s currently here as Haruto Amakawa. Do you think he would just admit to it? He was looked down upon by all the students at the academy and was completely isolated. I ignored his situation as well. On top of that, a false accusation was placed on him because of some internal power struggles, and a wanted notice was sent throughout the kingdom. It would only be natural for him to hate us—for him to resent us.”</p>

      <p>“So that incident was a false accusation after all?”</p>

      <p>“...I wasn’t there to see it in person, so I don’t know. But having him be the criminal was certainly more convenient. The assumption was certainly treated as fact. In all probability, it was a false accusation.”</p>

      <p>“...” Vanessa fell silent, her expression falling.</p>

      <p>“Do you understand now? Even if he felt indebted to Professor Celia—the only person he had any connection to at the academy—he has no reason to assist the Beltrum Kingdom. I wouldn’t be surprised if he held a grudge. He has far more reason not to cooperate.”</p>

      <p>“...That statement makes it sound like you believe Sir Amakawa and Rio are indeed the same person. Am I correct?”</p>

      <p>“I believe the possibility is high. That’s why I don’t think we should touch upon his past. If we bring up the past now, we would risk severing our current relationship with him. That’s why this isn’t reservation, but self-interest.”</p>

      <p>“Is there any chance you’ll bring up Sir Amakawa’s past later, then?”</p>

      <p>“No. Even if it was practically certain that Sir Amakawa is the same person that we knew, I wouldn’t mind keeping the truth in the dark. If he doesn’t intend on disclosing it, I won’t step over the line, either.”</p>

      <p>“...Is that out of self-interest too?” Vanessa asked bitterly at Christina’s clear statement.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I don’t want to ruin a relationship with someone as skilled as him. That’s why this conversation stays here between us. You’re forbidden from bringing it up hereafter. Understood?” Christina gave an unreadable smile and stressed her words.</p>

      <p><em>After being used as a convenient scapegoat for politics, the person who should have been discarded is now being used to conveniently escape another predicament. Even I know this behavior is despicable.</em></p>

      <p>Christina bit down on her lip. What a foolish, pathetic situation she was in.</p>

      <p>The boy who was an outcast at the royal academy was now a greater asset than any other student from that school, saving her from the dilemma she brought upon herself.</p>

      <p>The person who had a false accusation placed on him was now a masterful wielder of an enchanted sword, appointed honorary knight of a neighboring kingdom, and gathering attention from the noble classes.</p>

      <p>No, it was evident back then that Rio was talented. His grades at the academy, skills at swordcraft—all of it had been made light of by the Beltrum nobles that believed superiority was their right. Thus, this situation was the greatest display of her and the Beltrum Kingdom’s failure to judge people.</p>

      <p>That was why she couldn’t rely on Haruto’s power any further after reaching Rodania. Each time she’d see Haruto’s face, the wrongdoings of the past would stab her in the depths of her heart. That was the least she could do to atone—to reap what she had sown.</p>

      <p>But, despite that...</p>

      <p>“...I understand. But allow me to say this,” Vanessa requested after a long pause.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“In my own humble opinion, Your Highness will still require Sir Amakawa and the other girls’ abilities in the future. I understand there is no need to dig up his past, but in this case, I recommend you make a move to obtain his power as he is now.”</p>

      <p>“Doing so would require winning over his trust first.” Their current trust levels weren’t even nonexistent—they were in the negative. What the Beltrum Kingdom did to Rio wouldn’t just disappear. Christina’s elegant features twisted faintly.</p>

      <p>“I am aware that it won’t be easy. However, we don’t have the time to be worried about appearances when we consider your future.”</p>

      <p>Christina nodded. “...Right. I’ll consider it. Make sure you don’t get any strange ideas and act on your own,” she stated in a flat tone. Once again, it seemed like she wasn’t too enthusiastic about doing anything about it.</p>

      <p>“...As you wish,” Vanessa bowed her head deeply. She wondered if perhaps Princess Christina felt indebted to Rio.</p>

      <p><em>Indeed, it isn’t coming from a place of reservation at all.</em></p>

      <p>However, it wasn’t self-interest either, she thought.</p>

      <p>At the very least, the reason Christina didn’t want to bring up Haruto Amakawa’s past wasn’t out of as much self-interest as she insisted. If it were only that she could have just done as Vanessa suggested and assertively asked for Haruto’s assistance without touching upon Rio’s past. For Christina to be so passive about gaining Haruto’s assistance in spite of that meant that she felt indebted to Rio on a personal level. She had done an about-face the moment she learned of the possibility that Haruto was the same person as Rio, completely avoiding the use of his strength.</p>

      <p>But Christina needed to understand that as a royal, she had to form a connection with Haruto here. That’s why they were at a stalemate.</p>

      <p><em>If only there was something I could do...</em></p>

      <p>Vanessa thought about her past and recalled the words she once exchanged with Rio. However, the only times they had conversed was when they first met in the slums, when she was taking him to the castle, and after he had been tortured by Charles.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t... touch me.</em></p>

      <p>Those were the last words Rio had directed at her. In the underground dungeon where he had been tortured, he pushed away the hand she had extended to him before passing out. That had left an impression, too.</p>

      <p><em>...Indeed, he probably hates me too.</em></p>

      <p>With that thought, Vanessa’s mouth twisted in self-torment.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>An hour later, Rio and the shopping team returned to the inn. It was still too early for dinner, but they hadn’t had anything other than water since departing from Cleia first thing in the morning, so they immediately began cooking.</p>

      <p>The main cooks were Rio and Orphia. Celia, Sara, and Alma were assistants, and the five of them bustled away in the kitchen. Over an hour later, the food was ready, and they brought the dishes up to the guest room for six people.</p>

      <p>There were too many dishes to fit on the table in the room, so they brought the table from the three-person room over. It was a little crowded, but they were able to set all the dishes down. Everyone sat around the tables on the chairs and beds.</p>

      <p>“This looks like a really professional meal...”</p>

      <p>Christina looked at the dishes on the table with wide eyes.</p>

      <p>Beef stew was the main course, and the other dishes included a hard bread, a potato and bacon omelette, a steamed vegetable salad that was soft in texture, and a few other items. It all smelled mouth-wateringly good. The bread was something they’d purchased, but everything else was prepared by themselves.</p>

      <p>“Everyone worked together to make it. I’m not sure if it’ll suit Your Highness’ tastes, but please enjoy,” Rio said on behalf of the others.</p>

      <p><em>Grumble</em>. The sound of a rumbling stomach echoed through the room. There were too many people present to discern the origin of the noise, but Rio noticed how Christina’s expression stiffened faintly.</p>

      <p>“We’re all hungry, it seems. Let’s eat up while it’s still warm.”</p>

      <p>Rio pressed a hand against his stomach and took the initiative to seat himself in a nearby chair. In reality, his exhausted body was keenly hungry. Christina blinked at him.</p>

      <p>“Yes, let’s eat.” Sara nodded cheerfully, eager to eat as well. She sat down in the chair beside Rio. Everyone else took that as a sign to sit down as well.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the meal,” Kouta and Rei placed their hands together and bowed.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the meal,” Rio and the others also said with familiarity.</p>

      <p>“Everyone’s doing the same greeting before you eat... Even Professor Celia,” Christina commented with interest.</p>

      <p>“I was taught by someone from the same world as Kouta and Rei,” Celia said with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Was that the person who was with Sir Amakawa at the banquet...?” This time Christina looked at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Yes, it was Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then I shall do the same. Thank you for the meal.” Christina smiled faintly and copied the others. Vanessa followed her lead, then everyone finally began to eat.</p>

      <p>“Wow, the stew is really delicious.”</p>

      <p>“Ooh, you’re right. Isn’t this better than the stuff we were served at the castle?” Kouta and Rei’s eyes widened after tasting the food.</p>

      <p>“Rio and Orphia put extra effort into it,” Sara said.</p>

      <p>“If you dip the bread into it, the flavor gets soaked up and the bread gets soft,” Alma added in explanation.</p>

      <p>Kouta immediately tore off a piece of bread and placed it on his spoon to dip into the stew. The tough bread fully soaked up the stew before he snapped it all into his mouth.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Oh, you’re right. It’s really good this way! Yum!” It was so delicious that it was almost painful.</p>

      <p>“Eating such good food so suddenly is going to put my body into shock.” Rei also munched away on the stew-soaked bread with a grin.</p>

      <p>“This egg dish is also magnificent. Rich in flavor, and the egg is so soft...” Christina couldn’t help but smile after trying the omelette, so she waited until her face muscles relaxed before giving her thoughts.</p>

      <p>“I made that with Celia,” Orphia said cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“You’re very good at cooking, Professor Celia.” Christina looked at her in awe.</p>

      <p>“Haruto started teaching me how to cook after I snuck away from the wedding. I can’t make anything complicated by myself yet, but I have some confidence in egg dishes,” Celia said a little bashfully.</p>

      <p>“It’s splendid. Every dish is on par with what the chefs of the castle would serve. This one—is it a salad? Cooking a salad with heat before dressing it in regular salad fashion is extremely novel to me. The crispy texture is gone, but the flavor has soaked into the leaves,” Vanessa smacked her lips and declared strongly.</p>

      <p>“It’s called a warm salad. The softer texture makes it easier for digestion. It’s been steamed on a low heat for a long time,” Rio explained.</p>

      <p>“First the stew, then the egg dish... Where did you learn such recipes?” Christina asked. “How should I put this... It’s like this seasoning is familiar, yet completely new.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve always enjoyed cooking, and I learned a lot in my travels. Recently, I’ve learned a lot of recipes from Miharu. It seems like the world where Kouta and Rei are from is more advanced in food culture,” Rio said, looking at Kouta and Rei.</p>

      <p>“Are you two knowledgeable about food as well, then?” Christina looked at them in admiration.</p>

      <p>“Haha. If I was, I would have done something about it long ago in the castle. Same with the preserved foods that we had to eat while in that basement...”</p>

      <p>“I don’t want to sound boastful, but my specialty is in eating.”</p>

      <p>Neither Kouta nor Rei seemed interested in cooking.</p>

      <p>“Now I know why these dishes taste so familiar to me. So you know a Japanese person who specializes in cooking, huh?” Kouta nodded in understanding.</p>

      <p>“I’m envious...” Longing filled Rei’s voice.</p>

      <p>“There were two girls who were summoned along with you, no? Do they lack cooking experience as well?” Vanessa asked Kouta and Rei.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Yeah. I’ve eaten food that Akane—one of the girls—has made before... Haha.” Kouta laughed dryly.</p>

      <p>“Well, kids our age normally have their parents make all their food for them. There are more of us who can’t cook than those who can, unless cooking is your hobby or something,” Rei said, staring at the stew.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, we’re very grateful to be able to eat such delicious food. It has melted away our exhaustion from today. Right, Princess Christina?” Vanessa looked at Christina in content.</p>

      <p>Christina nodded with a smile. “Indeed. All we could eat in the basement was reheated preserved foods. It’s nice to have a proper meal for once.”</p>

      <p>Thus, they spent their evening peacefully, retired for the night at an early hour in preparation for the next day, then left first thing in the morning to head east.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The day after they departed from Cleia, Rio and the rest of the party left the inn and put the city behind them as they headed down the eastern road. After walking for several hours, they were two small cities away when Rio spoke up.</p>

      <p>“We’ll be passing the town at the domain boundaries, but they may be doing thorough inspections right now, so we’ll go via the forest rather than the road.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.” Vanessa gave a military-like response first, the others nodding after her.</p>

      <p>“We went through the forest yesterday by carrying those of you who couldn’t run. The forest floor will slow us down and we’ll be at risk of encountering monsters, so please follow my instructions. We’ll move in a formation with the four of us that can fight in close combat—Sara, Alma, Vanessa, and myself—surrounding the others. I’ll step away to handle any monsters or wild beasts that approach, so keep an ear out for Vanessa’s orders. Orphia will cover the hole I leave in the formation and watch out for the front,” Rio explained.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, leave it to me.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>Vanessa and Orphia replied in succession. After that, they confirmed no one else was on the road near them before finally moving into the forest. Since talking could attract monsters and beasts, a complete silence had continued between them until they discovered a small stream and decided to take a break roughly an hour later.</p>

      <p>“Phew, I’m tired... It’s completely different from walking on a road.” Rei sighed as he sat down on a nearby boulder. He and Kouta had offered to carry more of their belongings so that Rio would be unhindered if any combat was initiated. That was probably the cause of his exhaustion—his backpack was filled with preserved foods.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. It’s only midday, yet it’s dark and chilly. It feels kind of creepy,” Kouta replied, looking around.</p>

      <p>He didn’t have the time to think of such things as he was being carried yesterday, because Rio had run too fast. The spring they stopped at right before they left the forest was in an open space as well, so it was much brighter. They had also left the forest several minutes after departing from the spring, so he was now seeing the forest in a different light.</p>

      <p>“There’s no path, so it’s hard to walk and easy to get lost. There’s also the risk of being attacked, as Sir Amakawa said. Those who choose to leave the road to walk through such a forest must be creepy—the only ones who would enter are those who want to avoid attention, like us,” Vanessa said with a smile, having listened in on Kouta and Rei’s conversation.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... But wouldn’t that make it easy for an enemy nation to sneak their army in through the forest? As long as they do something about the dangers of the forest,” Rei wondered.</p>

      <p>“That would be impossible for larger armies with inexperienced soldiers. They’d suffer greater damages from monsters and beasts than on the road, and they wouldn’t be able to carry supplies via carriage without a path. I suppose a smaller-sized elite squad could pull it off, but they’d be entering an enemy kingdom with little information about the land, so charging straight into the forest would be very risky,” Vanessa answered smoothly. As a knight, she had probably received plenty of command training.</p>

      <p>“Huh, I thought most ambush attacks were done by sneaking through the forest, but I guess things don’t always go as well as in fictional stories.”</p>

      <p>“No, your perspective wasn’t bad. In a real battlefield against an enemy army, taking a forest detour to launch an ambush is the oldest trick in the book. As long as you have prepared thoroughly enough to make it through the forest, it’s an extremely effective form of ambush. The line between a good plan and a foolish one is just extremely narrow.”</p>

      <p>“I see, I’ve learned something today,” Rei hummed in understanding.</p>

      <p><em>Come to think of it, we left the road and entered the forest during the outdoor drill at the academy, too.</em></p>

      <p>Rio recalled his past after listening to their conversation. During that incident, a minotaur appeared and a false accusation was placed on him, which became the reason for him fleeing Beltrum. It had been Duke Huguenot’s son, Stewart, who put the idea of leaving the road for the forest into the commander’s—Alphonse’s—head.</p>

      <p>As a result, they had gotten completely lost and were attacked by monsters, eventually falling into an uncontrollable panic that resulted in Flora being pushed off a cliff.</p>

      <p><em>That was an almost perfect example of a foolish plan.</em></p>

      <p>There was nothing that could be done about the past now, but Rio chuckled at the memory of it.</p>

      <p>“...Hmm?” Sensing someone looking at him, he looked around. The end of his gaze landed on Christina, who had her water flask in hand as she was seated on a small boulder. When her eyes met Rio’s, she immediately looked away.</p>

      <p>“...I’m going to climb a tree and confirm our current position and direction. Depending on how far we are from the edge of the forest, we may end up having lunch here.”</p>

      <p>Rio looked upwards in thought for a brief moment before leaving behind those words to lightly leap up a tree.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After Rio climbed the tree and confirmed that it wasn’t far to the edge of the forest even if they went around the checkpoint town, they decided to have lunch while they had the chance.</p>

      <p>The typical nourishment one had while traveling was a packed meal—in other words, preserved foods. In exchange for being able to be stored for several weeks or months, the food tended to be salty or dried out—it never tasted that great.</p>

      <p>“It won’t taste very good like this, so let’s make some simple adjustments,” Rio suggested.</p>

      <p>“That sounds good. What shall we make?” Orphia, who enjoyed cooking, asked Rio.</p>

      <p>“We’ll be moving after this, so something easy to digest. We bought barley yesterday, so let’s make that.”</p>

      <p>“Barley... Ah, you mean <em>that</em>.” Orphia blinked before the meaning of Rio’s words clicked.</p>

      <p>“What are you making?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll help.”</p>

      <p>Celia, Sara, and Alma came over.</p>

      <p>“We can only help with manual labor, but if there’s anything we can do, just say the word.”</p>

      <p>Kouta and Rei, who had been sitting on some boulders, looked at each other and stood up. Christina and Vanessa also approached.</p>

      <p>“The preparations aren’t complicated, so everyone else may rest. Kouta and Rei must be tired from carrying the extra supplies. Orphia and Lady Celia’s help will be enough,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“R-Right. Sure thing. What do I have to do?”</p>

      <p>Celia still wasn’t used to being addressed as “Lady” and responded somewhat uneasily.</p>

      <p>“I’d like you to use your magic to provide a little water and tamper with the ground.”</p>

      <p>Rio also couldn’t use spirit arts in front of Christina, so he had to rely on Celia’s magic.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see. Sure, leave it to me.” Celia nodded a little proudly. She was normally surrounded by superior spirit arts users that didn’t require her help as a sorcerer, so she was happy to be able to contribute for once.</p>

      <p>“Now, Lady Celia, could you please make a working surface for food preparation?”</p>

      <p>First was a space for cooking. They could cook without one, but having one made things much more efficient.</p>

      <p>“Sure, one moment. Umm, <em>Terra Murum</em>.”</p>

      <p>Celia touched the ground nearby and chanted a spell. A magic circle appeared on the ground before her and a rectangular block of dirt rose upwards to make a nice and flat block for a work surface.</p>

      <p>“...Amazing. Even the blocks you make are perfect,” Christina said in awe from where she watched to the side.</p>

      <p>While there wasn’t as much freedom as with spirit arts, those who could use <em>Terra Murum </em>could control their magic essence in order to adjust the size, shape, strength, and durability of the object they created. However, making something similar to what Celia had just made was harder than it looked. In fact, because the magic was typically used for battle, most wouldn’t assume it could be used in such a way.</p>

      <p>Magic and sorcery was largely limited by the phenomenon of activating the spell formula, but manipulating spells freely within that limit was possible for Celia because of her incredible magic essence control.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. I am Princess Christina’s former teacher, so I must show my strengths every now and then.” Celia grinned shyly. Christina seemed interested in their work, as she remained standing beside them to watch.</p>

      <p>In that time, Rio went over to the backpack that had been set on the ground and retrieved a pot that had been tied to it with a rope. “Now then, Lady Celia. Could you fill this pot with water next?” He brought the pot over to the side of the stream where the work counter was set up.</p>

      <p>One would assume water could be filled from the stream, but even though it looked clear, at a glance it could have animal excrement, algae, and other unknown substances mixed in, so it was too risky to drink. This was why sterilization by boiling water was standard in order to avoid water-borne diseases, but water made by magic was guaranteed to be safe, so it was a much better idea to ask a sorcerer companion to create water.</p>

      <p>“Sure, I can do that, but... Could you—umm, could you stop calling me Lady? It feels really embarrassing. I’m not used to being called that, so every time I hear it I get chills.” Celia had a faint pout on her lips, looking unhappy.</p>

      <p>“What would you like me to call you, then?” Rio asked with a troubled look, aware of Christina’s presence.</p>

      <p>“What...” Celia trailed off, speechless.</p>

      <p>Rio normally addressed Celia with the title of Professor, but he couldn’t call her that in front of Christina and the others.</p>

      <p>“Y-You can call me by just my name. Like you usually do.” Celia turned red as she spoke in a high-pitched voice. Since she couldn’t be called Professor, she had no other option than being addressed without a title.</p>

      <p>Until now, Rio had spoken to her without a title when he used her alias “Cecilia” in Amande and such, so there shouldn’t have been a problem in having him call her “Celia” without a title as well.</p>

      <p>There shouldn’t have been a problem... But for some reason, she felt extremely embarrassed. The embarrassment grew stronger and stronger within her by the moment.</p>

      <p>“Like... I usually do? But...”</p>

      <p>Rio glanced at Christina and hesitated. He could understand choosing to go without a title by the process of elimination, but his serious personality made him consider the fact that it wasn’t a good look for him to be addressing a noble of another kingdom without a title.</p>

      <p>“Umm. There’s no need to act all formally just because I’m here. You may act as you normally do,” Christina said, guessing at Rio’s thoughts.</p>

      <p>“I understand. Then, Celia. If you could please prepare the water,” Rio nodded with a small, resigned sigh.</p>

      <p>“Uh. Y-Yeah. Got it.”</p>

      <p>Feeling embarrassed at actually being called without a title, Celia’s cheeks turned red as she nodded. However, her mouth was turned upwards in a happy smile.</p>

      <p>“...Hmph.” The spirit folk girls were silent, but clearly objecting with their gazes. Christina and the others watched them with curious looks.</p>

      <p>“H-Here’s the water, then. <em>Creo Aqua</em>.” Celia placed her hand over the pot and chanted the spell. This was a simple magic used in daily life that could create water. A small magic circle immediately appeared over Celia’s hand and water began pouring out of her palm like a tap had been turned on.</p>

      <p>“Please keep that up for a moment.” Rio washed the pot briefly with the water before filling it up. Enough water came out to fill it up in ten seconds.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. Orphia and I can handle the rest, so could you make a dining table and chairs for everyone to sit on? You may rest after doing that.”</p>

      <p>“Yup, got it!” Celia nodded cheerfully and ran off.</p>

      <p>Rio watched her go with a smile before addressing Orphia. “Shall we begin, then?”</p>

      <p>“Yep! You know, you could speak to me more casually too, Haruto,” Orphia said with a mischievous grin.</p>

      <p>Rio’s eyes widened faintly before he chuckled. “...I’d consider it if you spoke to me as casually as Celia does.”</p>

      <p>“Ah... That might be a little too embarrassing.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>