<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Rio left the unconscious man lying there and began pursuing the other men who had fled. The men were sprinting as fast as their legs would allow, but Rio could run at a speed far surpassing any human.</p>

      <p>There was no way for the fleeing men to get away.</p>

      <p>“Eeek!”</p>

      <p>“S-Save me!”</p>

      <p>They all screamed, before Rio caught up to another one from behind and knocked him unconscious.</p>

      <p>“Gah, I’m starting to feel bad for them...” Rei watched the scene on the road from across the wild plains and gave the adventurers a pitying look.</p>

      <p>“Don’t—they brought this upon themselves. There’s no need for compassion. If anything, they should be grateful to Haruto for not taking their lives.”</p>

      <p>Sara sniffed as she looked around at the men lying unconscious on the ground. Indeed, all the men scattered about were only knocked out—none were dead.</p>

      <p>“...Indeed. Their motives for attacking us were what they were, after all.” Christina had watched the events happen with a blank expression on her face, but at Sara’s statement she returned to herself and agreed with a huff of laughter.</p>

      <p>“Yes. And it seems there are some people who are still conscious as well,” Sara said, looking at the small man Rio first sent flying and the two men that were caught up in that exchange.</p>

      <p>“...?!” The three men had been feigning their unconsciousness on the ground and flinched when Sara saw through their act.</p>

      <p>“Haruto’s on his way back, so let’s have a nice, long chat,” Orphia said, looking at the road. There, Rio was walking along, dragging the men who had fled earlier behind him.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Several minutes later, Rio gathered all the unconscious men into one spot and removed their weapons, then tied their feet together with rope so they couldn’t run away.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the three men that remained conscious had completely lost their will to fight, kneeling on the ground beside the others and huddling to themselves.</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s hear what you have to say. We were attacked for a charge we have no recollection of, so this has been quite bothersome to us,” Rio stated, looking down at them.</p>

      <p>“Of course, Sir! We’ll answer any questions you have!” the small man said cooperatively, looking to win Rio’s favor. The dramatic change in his attitude made the others—mainly the women—look upon him with pitying gazes.</p>

      <p>Rio looked at the man in exasperation, but having him in fear was more convenient, so he began questioning him about the wanted notice in a flat tone. “Where did you get that notice in the first place? I checked the board in town, but I didn’t see anything like that.”</p>

      <p>“Of course it wouldn’t be in town—it was only issued in Cleia a few days ago. An adventurer working for a nobleman brought it here,” the small man answered with a laugh.</p>

      <p>“From Cleia... An adventurer working for a nobleman? What kind of man was he?” Was it Reiss? Rio had that suspicion in mind as he asked.</p>

      <p>“He was around 30 or so. Confident, muscular... He had the aura of a veteran adventurer. Well, he’d still be no match for you, Sir.” That was a very different impression of Reiss, whose slender build was clear even through his cloak.</p>

      <p>“...What was his name?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, as embarrassing as it is to admit, everyone was too blinded by the bounty to ask... Oh, but one of the criminals on the notice—who obviously isn’t you, Sir—is probably related to the nobleman that hired the adventurer, I believe.”</p>

      <p>“Someone on the notice is related to the noble?” When he heard that, the first person that came to mind was Celia.</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s what he said. The nobleman didn’t want his relative to die, so he hired the adventurer to find them before the notice made its rounds in the general public. When the adventurer arrived at this post town, he asked us to report to him if anyone matching the features on the notice passed by. He said he’d be back in a few days to check. Ah, but he hasn’t shown up yet, by the way.”</p>

      <p>“...And you accepted that request.”</p>

      <p>The small man laughed awkwardly. “Yep. Received a hefty advance payment for it.”</p>

      <p>“If that’s the truth, then you attacking us doesn’t make any sense. Your job was just to make a report, right? Wouldn’t attacking us be a complete contradiction to the man’s request?”</p>

      <p>“W-Well, you see, we were blinded by the reward of 500 gold coins. You also went and made an enemy out of the big guy knocked out over there, plus you have so many pretty ladies in tow with you, Sir... Right?”</p>

      <p>The small man turned to his two accomplices, awkwardly passing the baton to them.</p>

      <p>“Hehe...”</p>

      <p>Both men tried to laugh it off awkwardly as the stares of the women grew increasingly cold.</p>

      <p>“...In other words, you attacked us out of your own self-interest?” Rio confirmed.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, I guess that would be the case. We’re very ashamed of ourselves, yes.” The small man nodded, nodding his head over and over.</p>

      <p>Rio thought for a few seconds. “I see... That’s enough. You do what you want. We’re not the people wanted on the notice, but you can report whatever you believe.” He had memorized the text already, so he returned the wanted notice to them too.</p>

      <p>“...Huh? R-Really?” The men blinked in confusion.</p>

      <p>“I already said I don’t want my companions witnessing anyone dying. That being said, we don’t want to get involved in any more trouble, so we’ll be leaving now. Let’s go, everyone.” Rio left behind those plain words before looking around at the others and prompting their departure. He took the lead and began to walk down the road to the west, with Celia and the others in tow. They glanced at the men as they left, but no one said anything as they walked.</p>

      <p>“...H-Have we been saved?”</p>

      <p>The men looked on blankly as the party disappeared down the western road.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, as soon as Rio stepped off the field and back onto the road. He beckoned Orphia away from the others and over to him. “Orphia, do you have a moment?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, what is it?” Orphia cocked her head and asked.</p>

      <p>“Is Ariel watching our surroundings right now?” Christina’s group didn’t know about Ariel, so he asked in a quiet voice.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Ariel’s flying in physical form and watching the ground from above.”</p>

      <p>“Have there been any reports of suspicious people in this area?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing in a one-kilometer radius. Sara and Alma have Hel and Ifrita in their material forms nearby, but they haven’t reported anything either, so I think we’re okay.”</p>

      <p>“...If there’s nothing on the ground, what about the skies? Is there anything in the air above where Ariel is patrolling?”</p>

      <p>“Let me ask... There’s nothing resembling a person, it seems. There are some flying animals around, but it’s too cloudy to see them clearly.”</p>

      <p>“...I see.”</p>

      <p>“Shall we widen our search range?” That would result in the accuracy of their search being reduced, but—</p>

      <p>“Please do, just in case. It may just be me overthinking things, but I’m worried.”</p>

      <p>“Of course. I’ll ask right away.” Orphia shook her head happily and sent a message to Ariel immediately. Rio went up to the others while she did so.</p>

      <p>“There are some things I’ve realized through that conversation with them, so let’s share some information before we step off the road and turn back east,” he said. “I first thought the features on the wanted notice were similar to us by coincidence, but the more details I hear, the more I think it’s <em>too </em>similar to be dismissed as a mere coincidence. Which is why I currently suspect either Charles or Reiss had a hand in that notice.”</p>

      <p>“...I agree,” Christina said with a thoughtful look.</p>

      <p>“If we consider either Charles or Reiss’ involvement in the notice as fact, then there’s three new points that we have to take note of. The first is that the wanted notice was drawn up in Cleia. The second is that someone related to nobility is included among the wanted. And the third is that the noble hired an adventurer to secure their relative as soon as possible in order to save their life.” Rio folded a finger on his right hand each time he listed off a point.</p>

      <p>“When added together, those three points seem to be pointing to Professor Celia,” Christina noted truthfully.</p>

      <p>“It does seem that way...” Celia said worriedly.</p>

      <p>“Yes. However, I felt the third point was clearly something that Count Claire would never do.”</p>

      <p>“...May I ask why you think that?” Celia asked worriedly.</p>

      <p>“Count Claire would have placed his bets on you running away safely. There’s no way he would drag you back in front of Charles, whom he hates quite a bit,” Christina stated plainly.</p>

      <p><em>Indeed, he did say he’d rather see Celia spend the rest of her life single than give her to that bastard. </em>Rio recalled Count Claire’s radical remark with a huff of laughter.</p>

      <p>Celia also chuckled happily in relief. “Yes, that’s true.”</p>

      <p>“For the same reason, I cannot imagine Count Claire would leak information about us to Charles. That’s why I don’t believe Charles obtained the information for the second point through Count Claire. He wouldn’t know about Sara and the others either,” Rio added.</p>

      <p>“Right. If anything, it’d make more sense for Reiss to tell Charles about Professor Celia’s presence. But...”</p>

      <p>“If Charles had our information, that wouldn’t explain why the wanted notice was written so vaguely, would it?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. As the head of the search party, there would be no reason for Charles concealing information and putting such a half-hearted charge on the notice. Which leaves only one of two possibilities.”</p>

      <p>“Either the wanted notice matches us by coincidence or Reiss fabricated it alone. Is that correct?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, exactly.”</p>

      <p>Christina nodded, satisfied at how smoothly her opinion matched up with Rio’s.</p>

      <p>“...It’s impressive how you determine that so certainly with such a small amount of information.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I only understood half of what was said just now,” Kouta said.</p>

      <p>“Maybe you need to try a little harder there...” Rei noted.</p>

      <p>“Her Highness has been famed for her sharp insight and prodigious intelligence since she was young. This much is only natural,” Vanessa said proudly.</p>

      <p>Christina thought for a moment, frowning. “It’s no big deal. Supposing that the wanted notice was Reiss’ fabrication, there are still vital points we don’t know. For example, why Reiss knew Professor Celia is accompanying us right now, when he realized this, and so on.”</p>

      <p>“...If the Reiss we know is the same person as the Proxia Empire ambassador, he may have attended the wedding where I took Celia through Charles’ invitation. It wouldn’t have been strange for him to witness that then,” Rio guessed.</p>

      <p>“I see. Then it wouldn’t be strange for him to know that Sir Amakawa is traveling together with Professor Celia, and he could be familiar with your faces that way. It’s definitely a possibility,” Christina nodded with a hum.</p>

      <p>“Yes. The reason why the notice was so vague may be because Reiss doesn’t want Charles to know that his aim is you, Your Highness. And he didn’t write anything about our real names because he didn’t know them. Such an explanation would make sense,” Rio added.</p>

      <p>Christina’s expression twisted bitterly. “That means Reiss is aiming for my life for an unrelated reason to Charles.”</p>

      <p>“Most likely,” Rio nodded.</p>

      <p>“...But what can we do?” Vanessa asked with a look of unease. “If the possibility of Princess Christina’s life being in danger has increased, then...”</p>

      <p>“Nothing will change with what we’re doing. The increased risk of being targeted by Reiss means we’ll have to exercise more caution, but we have no choice but to continue moving towards our destination.”</p>

      <p>They couldn’t relax and allow Reiss to catch up to them, so they didn’t have the time to be standing around. As they were on the run, they could only move forwards. That was what Rio thought as he wrapped up the conversation.</p>

      <p>“Right, of course. We can only keep moving,” Vanessa agreed with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Then as planned, let’s continue going west before making an about-turn east,” Rio suggested.</p>

      <p><em>Using adventurers like that and writing such a vague wanted notice... It seems rather sloppy, almost like traces of him keep coming in and out of view...</em></p>

      <p>Though he’d summed up his thoughts, he still felt a strange sense of restlessness. But he didn’t want to jump to conclusions based on assumptions, and thinking about it wasn’t going to get him any answers. It could just be him being overly cautious.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Let us hurry.”</p>

      <p>Christina seemed to feel a little uneasy, but she understood the need to move forwards. Her expression was tense with determination.</p>

      <p>Thus, the group stepped off the road and headed above the valley in order to turn back towards the eastern border.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>