<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Even if you can see me, that means nothing if your reactions are delayed.” As a silver wolf werebeast, Sara’s natural body surpassed that of a human’s in flexibility and agility.</p>

      <p><em>Tch, so annoying. Shit!</em></p>

      <p>Arein suddenly braced his sword and retreated while sticking to defensive tactics. He fell back further, unable to handle all the blows.</p>

      <p>“Whoa! Guh!”</p>

      <p>Sara released a blow with the pommel of the dagger, catching him in the left arm as she used power surpassing that of a physical body enchantment. He tried to step sideways to parry the blow, but failed and landed on the ground, rolling onto his knees.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Lucci! Ven! Facing them one-on-one isn’t working in our favor. Let’s switch this up into a three-on-two!” Arein said.</p>

      <p>“I was just thinking the same!” Lucci and Ven promptly ran towards him.</p>

      <p>“All of you! Stop standing around and surround the brats! Back us up!” Arein called out to the adventurers around them; they immediately began surrounding Sara and Alma.</p>

      <p>“As disgraceful as it is, the moment they knew they couldn’t win alone, they relied on their surroundings,” Alma said, half-impressed and half-exasperated.</p>

      <p>“We’re mercenaries, after all. We’re fine with a bit of shame here and there in the name of money. Our lives are precious to us, you see. We don’t take on battles we can’t win fair and square,” Lucci said with a snort.</p>

      <p>“Anyway, our weapons are unfortunately enchanted sword knock-offs. We can only use them for physical body enhancement, and the collateral of using double enhancements is wearing on us. I can see your weapons are quite sharp. You’re still hiding more abilities, aren’t you? Just like that bastard above.” Arein glanced up while he spoke. Blasts of wind were whipping about the skies above, crossing paths with countless balls of light.</p>

      <p>“Even if we did, we wouldn’t need to use them against you people,” Sara stated plainly.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Arrogant brat.” Arein frowned hatefully.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go! Dragging this out is only going to hurt us in the end, since we’re suffering the effects of the double enhancement! Cheat as much as you need to!”</p>

      <p>With that order, the group charged at Sara and Alma.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, as the fight continued on between Rio, Reiss, and the others...</p>

      <p>“Hah, hah!” Celia, Christina, Vanessa, Kouta, and Rei were running after Orphia with the border of the kingdom almost within their sights. Their view was blocked, but once they crossed the hill before them, they would reach the tranquil mountains that served as the kingdom’s border.</p>

      <p>However—</p>

      <p><em>What is this bad feeling I’m getting...? </em>Orphia felt nervous for some reason. Reiss was being kept occupied by Rio, and Ariel was flying in the skies above, searching for any other weird enemies nearby, so there was no need for her to feel as such.</p>

      <p>There were no enemies pursuing them from behind, and there were no signs of the enemy to their sides, either. Ariel decided to go on ahead to make sure there were no threats ahead of them.</p>

      <p>“...Stop!” Orphia immediately came to a screeching halt as Ariel crossed over the hill; Celia and the others behind her naturally did the same.</p>

      <p>“W-What’s wrong, Orphia?” Celia asked, panting for breath.</p>

      <p>“We have to turn back...” Orphia said with a rare look of panic in her eyes.</p>

      <p>“T-Turn back? But Reiss and the others are behind us... What’s over there?” Celia asked in confusion.</p>

      <p>“It’s...”</p>

      <p>An outrageous number of soldiers was waiting on the other side of the hill. A thousand—no, two thousand, three thousand? Or more? There were too many to count, and they were marching right towards them.</p>

      <p>“The enemy is over the hill—a lot of them,” Orphia said.</p>

      <p>“How can you tell?” Vanessa asked in confusion.</p>

      <p>“Umm, it’s the ability of my bow.” She couldn’t explain that it was her contract spirit flying around scouting for enemies, so she tried to explain it away as an ability of her enchanted bow. There was no time for a proper explanation; they had to get away immediately.</p>

      <p>Then, from far above in the skies, a high pitched call of a bird could be heard. Orphia sensed something was off and looked up.</p>

      <p>“This cry...”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t Ariel’s familiar cry. Or rather, there were too many of them.</p>

      <p>But she had heard this somewhere before...</p>

      <p>As she was thinking, the sound of flapping wings also reached her ears. Over fifty griffins descended from the skies to form a semi-circle behind Christina and the others.</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p>Celia, Christina, Vanessa, Kouta, and Rei were rendered speechless.</p>

      <p>“...Everyone, please fall back towards the hill,” Orphia said to them, ordering them in the direction where there were no griffins. She knew there was a huge army waiting in that direction, but she had no other choice.</p>

      <p><em>Ariel, tell Haruto and the others about this situation</em>.</p>

      <p>Orphia was able to handle fifty or so of the average knight by herself, but there was nothing she could do against a rush of thousands of soldiers. Even if she summoned Ariel back to the ground, she knew they’d just be subjected to concentrated fire.</p>

      <p>That’s why, in order to survive this situation, they needed Rio and the others. If Rio came, he’d be able to buy them some time.</p>

      <p>“It’s no use. My army of 5,000 is waiting that way. There’s no escape,” the man who dismounted from his griffin said triumphantly. It was Charles Arbor—Celia’s former fiance. Furthermore, standing beside him was the kingdom’s strongest swordsman, Alfred Emarle—Vanessa’s older brother.</p>

      <p>When Vanessa spotted her brother, she glared at him resentfully from underneath her hood. Alfred ignored her with a cool expression.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” When Celia spotted Charles, she hurriedly pulled her hood lower over her head. Christina noticed, and for some reason, removed her own hood and stepped forward.</p>

      <p>“Stand down. What do you think you’re doing, Charles Arbor?” she questioned using her position as royalty.</p>

      <p>“You’ve played around enough, Princess Christina. You don’t need me to spell it out for you, do you? Your father has ordered for your return, so I’ve come to retrieve you,” Charles replied with a surface-thin air of respect.</p>

      <p>“Father did?” Christina asked with a scornful smile. She knew that the order was given by none other than the Arbor family itself.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. He wants you to return what you took.”</p>

      <p>“...What is he going on about?”</p>

      <p>“Well, if you claim you know nothing, we’ll just have to ask your friends. Oh, don’t worry—interrogation is my forte. I’ll dote upon them carefully until they feel like being honest.” With a sadistic smile, Charles looked around at the people beside Christina.</p>

      <p>“What a disgusting man...” Christina glared at Charles detestfully.</p>

      <p>“What kind of interrogation do you intend on doing? Do you plan on doing the same to my friends?” A pretty blonde boy—the hero, Shigekura Rui, stepped forward and asked Charles.</p>

      <p>“Oh, no. Of course, Sir Rui’s friends will be exempted from the interrogation. They wouldn’t know anything about the item Her Highness took off with anyway,” Charles explained to Rui in a slight fluster.</p>

      <p>Rui breathed a quiet sigh and called out the names of his friend and upperclassman from the same world. “...Hey, Kouta. Rei, too.”</p>

      <p>“Rui...” Kouta grimaced, clenching his fists.</p>

      <p>“Why... Why did you come after us?! Why are you here?!” he asked Rui in a pained, irritated voice.</p>

      <p>“...I’m here because you two left the castle without a word. As your friend, I was worried. Akane and the others are worried too. That’s why I came.” Rui had a pained look on his face as he answered.</p>

      <p>“Friend?” At that word, Kouta frowned.</p>

      <p>“I consider you a friend... Do you not feel the same?”</p>

      <p>“...I do, I suppose,” Kouta agreed bitterly.</p>

      <p>“Then, will you return?” Rui asked anxiously.</p>

      <p>Kouta hesitated for a moment, then shook his head firmly. “...No.”</p>

      <p>Rui hesitated. “...Then I’ll have to bring you back myself,” he said resolutely.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh? Why?” Kouta was taken aback.</p>

      <p>“You left the castle without a word out of desperation, even when that meant we might have never met again. I’m worried about you. I also promised Akane I’d bring you back. So, that’s what I’ll do... Then, we can all have a proper conversation about it all,” Rui said eloquently.</p>

      <p>“...Then there’s even less of a reason for me to return to the castle. My resolve won’t be hindered by a talk,” Kouta refused bitterly.</p>

      <p>“...Is that so?” A dark look lit Rui’s expression.</p>

      <p>“Sir Rui was filled with terrible grief when his friends suddenly disappeared. That is another result of your selfish actions, Your Highness. Your father has also been terribly worried since you left the castle. Your departure has caused considerable repercussions, influencing our kingdom in a negative way. For the sake of the kingdom, won’t you return to the castle with me immediately?” Charles said with exaggerated sorrow.</p>

      <p>“I refuse.” Christina shook her head bluntly.</p>

      <p>“...There’s still time to lessen the punishment of those who have deceived you. Vanessa Emarle and the others... the identity of whom, I do not know.”</p>

      <p>Charles flashed the implication that the fate of Christina’s accomplices would be decided by her own response. In explaining so, he looked around at the party’s faces and fixed his gaze on Orphia’s exposed face. The lecherous look in his eyes was probably due to the elf’s beauty.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Hesitation flashed across Christina’s face. If she dauntlessly stood up against Charles here, Celia, Orphia, and Vanessa’s situation would be worse. That thought caused her to become indecisive.</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina, hinting at the use of hostages is an old trick of Charles’,” Celia said.</p>

      <p>“Haruto and the others will definitely come. I’ll buy as much time as I can, but everyone should be on the defense,” Orphia said, stepping forward to protect them. She held her bow in her hand, ready to deal with whatever happened.</p>

      <p>Vanessa also drew the sword at her waist. “I don’t know how much use I will be, but I shall fight, too. The swordsman standing there may be difficult even for Lady Orphia. It may be a challenge, but don’t let him get close to you. <em>Augendae Corporis</em>—” She stared at her brother, before strengthening her physical abilities with magic.</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina, Kouta, Rei—you should get behind me,” Celia said, before standing behind Orphia and Vanessa herself. Then, she braced herself in preparation to use magic at any moment.</p>

      <p>“...I don’t want to believe this, but are you saying you have no intention of returning?” Charles looked at their battle-ready stances and sneered at Christina in contempt. Sure enough, Christina took a deep breath.</p>

      <p>“...Yes, I have no intention of returning to the castle. Feel free to return by yourself,” she said resolutely.</p>

      <p>“What a shame. His Majesty has ordered me to bring you back by force if you are uncooperative. I hope you don’t end up regretting this... Hey, don’t hurt Her Highness and Sir Rui’s two friends. And the woman with the bow, too.”</p>

      <p>Charles shook his head sadly, then gave orders to Alfred and the knights and sorcerers around him.</p>

      <p>Thus, the fierce battle made its spectacular beginning.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, a little further west of the point where Christina and the others were, Sara and Alma were locked in combat with Reiss’ men.</p>

      <p>Arein, Lucci, and Ven were proving to be a problem. However, the other adventurers also had their physical abilities enchanted with magic, so they couldn’t be underestimated. In fact, they weren’t just hired adventurers—they were soldiers Reiss had summoned from a mercenary group precisely for this plan. They had the combat strength of the average knight, not to mention their astonishing teamwork.</p>

      <p>“<em>Photon Projectilis</em>!”</p>

      <p>They were currently using rapid-fire magic to focus their attacks on Alma.</p>

      <p>“How annoying.” Alma evaded the bullets of light and swung her mace, muttering in annoyance. A barrage of this caliber was nothing to her, but it was unpleasant in that it made it difficult for her to move and attack with precision.</p>

      <p>“Great—keep that tiny brat in check with magic! We’ll take the silver-haired one in the meantime.” Arein rattled off orders at the adventurers and attacked Sara, whereas Lucci and Ven had gone around the left and right sides in a fierce attack. Chasing Sara, who took a step back to gain distance, the three of them closed in.</p>

      <p><em>These three are slower than me, and yet...</em></p>

      <p>When they attacked all at once, she wasn’t able to be on the offensive. Because she was faster than them, she was able to deal with them if she concentrated on simply evading the men. Sara would definitely have the advantage in a one-on-one battle, but their natural abilities weren’t that different. If she tried to cross swords with them properly in a three-on-one, she’d almost certainly lose. Even two-on-one was a little risky.</p>

      <p>She felt just a little bit vexed at that. She still lacked in training, she thought.</p>

      <p>“Hah, what a cute face for such a frightening little lady. Aiming for the timing of our counters. But we won’t let things go your way without a fight, you know?” Lucci stared at Sara’s movements, observing her every action.</p>

      <p>“...Hm, I wonder about that. I pretty much understand all of your moves now,” Sara objected, pouting her lips.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no helping it. I’ll use spirit arts.</em></p>

      <p>She poured essence into the daggers in her hand. Though she was going to use spirit arts, she was limited by the need to make it look like she was activating the abilities of her enchanted sword. But if she didn’t fuss over using her daggers alone, there was plenty of room for victory.</p>

      <p>Sara stepped extra hard against the ground and made the biggest leap backwards yet. Since she had to travel a greater distance, the time that she was in the air was longer. Arein and the other men noticed.</p>

      <p>“Uh oh, feeling hasty?” They each held their swords ready and closed in, aiming for the moment Sara landed.</p>

      <p><em>...Now!</em></p>

      <p>The moment Sara landed, she released the essence she had poured into the dagger and thrust her right hand forward.</p>

      <p>“W-What?!”</p>

      <p>A large sphere of water several meters wide formed in front of Arein and the others. If it collided into their bodies, it was sure to do enough damage to knock them unconscious.</p>

      <p>However, the three men reacted immediately, leaping high and twisting themselves to change direction. Once they barely managed to avoid the sphere of water, they used their remaining momentum to run left and right, away from Sara’s side.</p>

      <p>“Whoaaa!”</p>

      <p>“Is it the unique sorcery of that enchanted sword?!”</p>

      <p>“Didn’t it have some kind of speed-related unique sorcery...?”</p>

      <p>They all yelled out in relief as they broke out in a cold sweat. For the record, the unique sorcery of an enchanted sword was special combat sorcery embedded within an enchanted sword, separate to its standard physical body enhancing sorcery.</p>

      <p>“You let your guard down.” Sara looked at Arein and the others cheerfully, lifting the dagger in her left hand up as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“...Huh?”</p>

      <p>For a moment, her opponents looked doubtful. No sooner than they did, a shadow was cast over them, drawing their gazes upwards. There were three spheres of water roughly one meter in diameter.</p>

      <p>“Ugh, shit...!”</p>

      <p>The spheres fell smoothly down over their heads. With a splash, the water burst, directly hitting the three of them.</p>

      <p>“So the one from the front was bait...?”</p>

      <p>“Ngh...”</p>

      <p>“How can you drop something with such accuracy...”</p>

      <p>The three of them weren’t knocked unconscious, but they had taken enough damage to prevent them from moving any further.</p>

      <p>“Any fully-fledged warrior should be able to freely control the trajectory of the projectiles they create. It’s because you relied on the sorcery in your swords to fight that you were late in detecting the spell that was being used in my left dagger.”</p>

      <p>“Shit...”</p>

      <p>“This is the end. All that’s left is to assist Alma... but it looks like there’s no need.” Sara glanced over at Alma, who had been evading the essence bullets with ease.</p>

      <p><em>Sara used spirits arts. I have no choice—I guess I will too.</em></p>

      <p>In the next moment, she poured magic essence into her mace and slammed it down on the ground with all her might. The ground instantly split and rose up.</p>

      <p>“Wh...?!”</p>

      <p>The adventurers that had been volleying the barrage of light at Alma all swallowed their breath. They could no longer see her due to the wall that had risen out of the earth—or so they thought, when Alma suddenly came swooping down over their heads. She landed in the middle of the formation the men had taken with about a two-meter gap and once again slammed the ground.</p>

      <p>This time, the earth didn’t rise. Instead, a crater was formed, sinking into the ground and sending a shockwave throughout their surroundings.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!” The men were caught in the impact and sent helplessly flying.</p>

      <p>“Looks like it’s over,” Alma said coolly. She picked up her mace, which was embedded in the ground, and walked over to Sara.</p>

      <p>“That tiny brat really has ridiculous strength...” Lucci muttered from where he lay face-down.</p>

      <p>“That’s a rude thing to say to a lady.” Alma huffed in offense. Then, she spotted Ariel flying towards them in the distance.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>A little earlier in time, when Sara and Alma were fighting Arein’s group, Rio and Reiss were exchanging fierce blows in the skies above.</p>

      <p>Rio was flying at a high speed to cut down Reiss. Reiss manipulated nearly a hundred balls of light to keep Rio in check and prevent him from approaching. Each time Rio accelerated to close the distance between them, multiple balls of light would fill Rio’s vision. However, Rio would track what was in front of him and seize each approaching ball of light without missing a single one. With his incredible reaction time, he evaded every last ball before him.</p>

      <p>“Splendid,” Reiss praised while maintaining a safe distance. Rio swung his sword at him, firing a blast of wind, but Reiss dodged the attack easily. This exchange repeated for a minute or so.</p>

      <p>“...You don’t actually intend on fighting, do you?” Rio furrowed his brow and asked suspiciously.</p>

      <p>“If I didn’t, I would have attacked you in the first place.” Reiss shrugged his shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Yet I can’t imagine this as you fighting seriously.”</p>

      <p>“No, no. Honestly, this is my current limit. I don’t even remember the last time I had to use this much power. If anything, I’d say you’re the one who isn’t fighting seriously right now, no? That humanoid spirit girl is nowhere to be seen either.”</p>

      <p><em>...How does he know about Aishia? </em>Rio thought, but—</p>

      <p>“...I wanted to ask you about Lucius, but if you’re going to move that fast it makes it harder to hold back,” he stated.</p>

      <p>“I see. So you wanted to know more about him...” Reiss chuckled.</p>

      <p>“I heard you’re the ambassador of the Proxia Empire,” he jabbed.</p>

      <p>“Who knows? I’ve also heard that you used to attend the Beltrum Royal Academy,” Reiss countered with a sharp hook.</p>

      <p>“...” Shock lit Rio’s eyes.</p>

      <p>“Are you wondering how I know that?” Reiss guessed.</p>

      <p>“Who knows?”</p>

      <p>“All things considered, you’re quite the whimsical one, heading on a journey to save the princess of the kingdom that falsely accused you. I even hinted at your past before Princess Christina back at Cleia, hoping your relationship would sour so we wouldn’t have to fight.”</p>

      <p>“I have no idea what you’re going on about. More importantly, if you’re the Proxia Empire’s ambassador, then that means it wouldn’t be strange for Lucius to be in Proxia as well.” Rio feigned ignorance with a poker face, then tried to probe further.</p>

      <p>“I wonder about that,” Reiss boasted lightly.</p>

      <p><em>...As expected. Drawing information from this guy will be tough. </em>Rio had no idea what was true and what was a lie.</p>

      <p>“...Enough. I’m giving up on seizing you alive,” Rio said, readying his sword.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, that’s some impressive bloodlust. You were more amazing when you faced him in Amande, but this is also quite considerable... It’s like the sleeping dragon has finally woken. I do not wish to die, so I’ll be resisting.” Reiss’ expression turned the most serious it had been yet. He created countless balls of light at a smaller size than they had been until now, and fired them at Rio.</p>

      <p>Rio covered himself in a barrier of wind and did a vigorous barrel roll towards Reiss, knocking all the balls of light away.</p>

      <p>“Haha, what a terrible torrent of essence. How violent indeed...”</p>

      <p>By making use of his tremendous magic essence capacity, he rushed forward at a speed too fast to follow with the eyes to overwhelm the opponent with pure power. Charging forward for only that purpose. How else could this be described if not violent?</p>

      <p>In order to escape Rio, who had closed in on him in an instant, Reiss tried to fly swiftly. However, Rio’s speed surpassed Reiss’.</p>

      <p>Rio kicked Reiss with all his might. The bones of the arm he had kicked creaked.</p>

      <p>“Ngah!” A groan slipped from Reiss’ mouth, his body blown towards the ground with the force of the kick. He proceeded to crash into and roll along the ground.</p>

      <p>Rio moved in to add a merciless follow-up attack, lowering his altitude. At that, Reiss summoned three of the largest balls of light yet around him, bombarding them at Rio.</p>

      <p>The first one was evaded by a twist of Rio’s body. The one following that was mowed down with an essence-filled swing of his sword. As for the final ball, a blast of wind was released from the tip of his sword, blowing it back and towards Reiss, who had fallen against the ground.</p>

      <p>　The rebounded ball of light crashed into the spot where Reiss was and opened a hole in the floor. If Reiss hadn’t moved, his whole body would’ve been disintegrated.</p>

      <p>However, Reiss had evaded towards the side just before the ball came down, then proceeded in his counter charge towards Rio. He gathered magic essence in his right hand, raising it like a sword to challenge Rio head-on. The next moment, the two crossed each other mid air, and the result—</p>

      <p>“...See? I knew I would lose, in all probability.”</p>

      <p>Reiss’ detached arm went soaring through the air. Reiss grabbed his sliced off arm and immediately distanced himself from Rio. The damage from being kicked against the ground and having his arm sliced off meant he was in quite a state right now.</p>

      <p>And yet, there wasn’t a glimpse of pain in his expression. His flippant smile hadn’t wavered at all. He was a truly unnerving man.</p>

      <p>“How about you surrender already? Your men over there have been cleaned up by my comrades. If you want to reattach your arm, you should probably do that soon. I can save you in exchange for information.” Rio glanced at Sara and Alma as he spoke. Their battle had just ended, the men Reiss had brought along all lying battered on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Information, is it? Then how about this: your friends that left first are running in the direction of thousands of soldiers, led by Charles,” Reiss said, chuckling eerily.</p>

      <p>“...No way.” Instead of treating those words as a bluff to get out of this situation, Rio had a bad feeling. Just then, Sara and Alma came running over.</p>

      <p>“Haruto! Orphia and the others are...!” they yelled with terribly panicked faces.</p>

      <p>“I’ll go ahead! You two come as soon as possible!”</p>

      <p>Rio abandoned Reiss immediately and used wind spirit arts to accelerate himself towards Celia and the others. Sara and Alma exchanged looks and nodded, then followed him.</p>

      <p>“Now, I’ve bought as much time as I could. Who knows how things will end up.” Reiss’ utterly exhausted voice echoed vacantly.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>