<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Here goes nothing!” Orphia said, and fired at a speed even greater than before.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” Alfred had been cutting down the light arrows one-by-one at first, but the more he cut the more arrows approached from all possible angles. Eventually, his processing speed fell behind, and he decided that it would be faster to evade them instead of cutting them down. He waited for the right moment, then began dashing to the side, but—</p>

      <p>“What...?”</p>

      <p>The arrows of light he should have evaded came homing in after him. As a result, he was given no choice but to deal with every last arrow.</p>

      <p>“ALFRED! Are you even trying?!” Charles yelled harshly, seeing Alfred take the defensive side of the fight.</p>

      <p>Alfred frowned in annoyance. “It seems I misjudged your abilities, too. I suppose I have no choice, then,” he said, then began charging straight at Orphia.</p>

      <p>“...” Orphia watched Alfred carefully, aiming for the exact moment he began his approach to pour magic essence into her bow and fire a thick arrow of light. Alfred tried to cut the arrow that was headed straight for him, but the single arrow of light split into countless smaller arrows, scattering like a shotgun.</p>

      <p>“A-Aah!” For a moment, Alfred’s eyes were blown wide open. But his body didn’t freeze—he released a slash of light from his sword to erase the entire shotgun of arrows instead.</p>

      <p>“So that attack didn’t work either,” Orphia said with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“And you can fire multiple arrows at once... How troubling,” Alfred said a little awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Are you really that concerned?” If he was, then she could probably manage to hold him back by herself. That was what Orphia was wondering as she asked her question, when—</p>

      <p>“I am. I can no longer hold back in order to arrest you. So, here goes nothing.” No sooner had Alfred said that, he resumed charging straight for Orphia.</p>

      <p>“U... Urgh...!” Orphia immediately countered, but Alfred was faster than before. The moment Orphia had released her arrows, he was already right before her eyes. A heavy fist drove into Orphia’s stomach.</p>

      <p>“Orphia?!” Celia yelled in horror as she watched Orphia fall.</p>

      <p>“Ugh... That hurts.” Orphia pressed down on her stomach to endure the pain.</p>

      <p>“I intended to knock you unconscious with that single blow, but it seems that bow has physical body enchantments in it. Forgive me—I’ll put you to rest with the next strike.” Alfred reached for Orphia with a look of indifference.</p>

      <p>“B-Brother!” Vanessa slashed at Alfred from close range with all her strength. She took a large leap, throwing all her weight into her sword to push it forward. However, Alfred deflected her attack easily using the shield equipped on his left arm.</p>

      <p>“Guh!”</p>

      <p>Vanessa continued to slash away at Alfred with determination, but this time, Alfred swung back. Swords clashed together, and Vanessa was blown backwards with the recoil.</p>

      <p>Vanessa slowly peeled back her hood.</p>

      <p>“You’re... What is that hair?” Alfred’s eyes widened faintly at the unfamiliar sight of his little sister’s hair.</p>

      <p>“That doesn’t matter right now!” Vanessa charged at Alfred, who easily parried her attack with his sword. But, after a brief moment of being locked sword-to-sword, he took a light step back.</p>

      <p>“When you strain all your strength, this is what happens.”</p>

      <p>Vanessa staggered forward faintly. Alfred used that chance to sweep her feet out from underneath her, sending her rolling.</p>

      <p>“Doesn’t matter, huh? Well, that may be true. Now that things have come to this, I will have to punish you,” Alfred said, slightly bitter, but swallowing back his words. He flicked away the sword in Vanessa’s grip and sent it rolling.</p>

      <p>“Nngh...” Vanessa was now laying on the floor unarmed, but she grit her teeth and lashed out at Alfred with detestment. “Why?! Why would you do this?!”</p>

      <p>“Do what?”</p>

      <p>“Why are you here?! Forget Charles! You’re the King’s Sword!”</p>

      <p>“...It was by the order of His Majesty.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I mean! No, do you truly believe that to be His Majesty’s will?! Brother!”</p>

      <p>“I have nothing to say to you right now. This is all the compassion I can show—go to sleep,” Alfred said, crouching down to chop his hand at Vanessa’s neck.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...” The world spun. The light in Vanessa’s eyes went out as she fainted.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, move back...” Celia retreated while holding her hands at the ready to activate her magic at a moment’s notice. It was evident that at this distance, Alfred’s attack would hit her before she could fire any magic. Sorcerers were meant to fight without letting their opponents get close.</p>

      <p>“Well done, Alfred. Hmph...” Charles smiled, approaching in satisfaction. He walked over to where Orphia was lying on the ground and snapped an essence-sealing collar around her neck, lifting her head.</p>

      <p>“Urgh...”</p>

      <p>She had been secretly treating herself with spirit arts, but now her magic essence was sealed. Her stomach must have hurt, still, as her face twisted in pain as it was lifted.</p>

      <p>“I can’t say I’m impressed by the rough way you’re handling the lady.” Rui came over belatedly, addressing Charles with a faint frown on his face.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, we would be no match for her if she used magic. I will ensure her abdomen gets healed properly.” Charles chuckled pleasantly as he gazed at Orphia’s face. Then, he pointed at Celia. “Hey, Alfred. Remove that small woman’s hood.”</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Celia backed away slowly.</p>

      <p>“<em>Photon Projectilis!</em>” From behind Celia, Christina chanted a spell and rapidly fired magic essence bullets towards Charles.</p>

      <p><em>She’s good</em>.</p>

      <p>They were finally aiming at Charles, Alfred thought. He was the real burden here.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Charles froze, as he hadn’t expected to become the target himself. Alfred had no choice but to move before Charles and protect him.</p>

      <p>“Don’t let your guard down.”</p>

      <p>“I-I know that! I knew you would protect me, so I didn’t react. That’s all. But to have the guts to aim for me...”</p>

      <p>Charles grit his teeth. If it hadn’t been Christina who had fired the shot, he would have approached her and beaten her up.</p>

      <p>“<em>T-Terra Carcerem</em>!” In order to trap both Alfred and Charles, Celia placed her hand against the ground and chanted a spell. In reaction to the earth prison spell, a magic circle appeared by the feet of the men.</p>

      <p>“It’s pointless. This sword can absorb magic essence.” Alfred stabbed his sword into the ground and extinguished the magic circle.</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina, Kouta, Rei! Please run away...”</p>

      <p>Celia tried to urge the three of them to run while she bought time, but she found herself at a loss for words. There was nowhere to run. Knights riding griffins were circling in the sky. Alfred was in front of them. There were several other knights that had landed on the ground as well.</p>

      <p>She glanced behind herself to see the army of thousands had closed in at some point and felt her heart nearly fracturing.</p>

      <p>“Hmph, as if I’d prepare an opening for you to run. The plan was perfect. All this useless resistance was for nothing. Psh...”</p>

      <p>Charles marched right up to Celia and slapped her face with all his might. He knew <em>Terra Carcerem</em> was an earth prison magic and not used with the intention to cause harm, but he was still angry that Christina aimed her attack magic at him earlier, so he took it out on her instead.</p>

      <p>“Aah!” Celia was blown back and tumbled across the ground. The hood fluttered off her face.</p>

      <p>“...Hm?” Charles narrowed his eyes at the sight of Celia’s face. He had assumed she was some plain brat, but she had an appearance on par with Orphia’s—the thought that he shouldn’t have been so rough crossed his mind. Because of her different hair color, he didn’t notice at first glance that the one he had hit was his former fiancee, to whom he had once whispered sweet words.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Is she perhaps...?” Alfred had a suspicious expression after seeing Celia’s face, which eventually turned into a look of realization. But just at that moment...</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Charles! Someone is approaching at a tremendous speed!” one of the griffin knights keeping watch from the skies suddenly yelled out a warning.</p>

      <p>“What...?” Charles looked doubtful for a moment, but his expression soon changed with a gasp. “I-Is it the one Lord Reiss spoke of?! He couldn’t hold him back?! Ugh, fire all your magic at once and intercept him!”</p>

      <p>At his shocked order, the ten griffin knights in the sky all started chanting their spells.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ignis Iecit</em>!” Magic circles appeared at their hands, from which they shot a ball of fire aimed at the rapidly approaching black shadow.</p>

      <p>“G-Ground team! Make a wall with your shields and recite your magic to drive him back if he approaches!” Charles yelled his panicked orders to the knights surrounding them, and the army approaching from the hill. The knights beside him reacted promptly, thrusting their shields into the ground to protect Charles with a wall.</p>

      <p>“That’s... him.”</p>

      <p>Rui watched the figure approach at an inhuman speed and glanced over at Kouta and Rei once, hesitating slightly. Then, he moved to stand behind the wall of knights and aimed his bow towards the sky.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Rio was running at full speed in Celia’s direction. The area was hilly with a clear outlook, making it easy to spot the huge army of soldiers roughly one kilometer away. He charged towards their direction without hesitation.</p>

      <p>The knights riding the griffins in the skies seemed to have focused their guard on the direction Rio came from, as they discovered him immediately. Rio watched from afar as one of them hurriedly descended to the ground. A few seconds later, dozens of one-meter-wide fireballs came hurtling towards him; there was 500 meters between them.</p>

      <p><em>At this distance, they should have just fired those to keep me in check.</em></p>

      <p>Their aim was all over the place. If he continued closing in at his current speed, the first wave would land far behind him. Rio glanced once at the rain of fire, then directed his attention to the ground.</p>

      <p><em>That’s...</em></p>

      <p>Just before the knights formed their wall of shields, Rio spotted Orphia pressing down on her stomach and Celia rolling on the ground. His expression immediately turned ice cold. At the same time, the first wave of <em>Ignis Iecit</em> landed far behind Rio. Now he was 200 meters away.</p>

      <p>“<em>Magicae Displodo!</em>”</p>

      <p>“<em>Photon Projectilis</em>!”</p>

      <p>The knights forming the wall before Charles fired their attack magic. One beat later, a thick arrow of lightning shot into the sky. It was Rui’s attack.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ignis Iecit</em>!”</p>

      <p>The griffin knights also fired their second wave of fireballs. This time, their aim was adjusted for Rio’s movement speed.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Rio watched the barrage of attack magic without emotion. Normally, one would choose to leap to the side to evade it, but Rio purposefully charged forward instead, accelerating.</p>

      <p>What the knights holding their shields up witnessed was the sight of their attack magic catching Rio one after another. <em>Photon Projectilis</em> were photon bullets that had enough force to blow back an unguarded person, while <em>Magicae Displodo</em> was a magic cannon that had enough force to wipe out a group of people. And yet—</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p>The knights were rendered speechless. Their attack magic veered away from Rio the moment before they should have made contact. It was like there was an invisible wall or path rerouting them—they just wouldn’t hit. The lightning rain that fell at a slight delay also fell as though it was avoiding contact with Rio.</p>

      <p>Thus, Rio charged into the wall of knights with no hesitation whatsoever.</p>

      <p>“Aagh!!”</p>

      <p>He cut them down as though he was batting away flies—it was enough to send the knights flying sideways.</p>

      <p>At that point, Rio paused. His eyes met Rui’s, who had been standing behind the knights. But Rio paid him no mind, his gaze instead moving towards Orphia, Celia, and Vanessa, who were laying on the ground.</p>

      <p>“...Are they alive?” he asked no one in particular.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes. They’re just knocked out,” Christina answered nervously. She understood that at this moment, Haruto Amakawa—who had only shown his gentle side until now—was angry. She was overwhelmed by his presence and shuddered.</p>

      <p>“...You did this?” Rio looked at Charles and walked towards him slowly.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>