<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Ruler of the Battlefield</h1>

      <p>A little earlier in time, at Celia’s location...</p>

      <p>“Arrest them, Alfred!” Charles ordered, signaling the start of the battle. Alfred charged head-on at the group, his expression somewhat unenthusiastic.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, please hold back the others and leave him to me!” Orphia directed, firing her bow at speeds too fast to follow with the naked eyes.</p>

      <p>“!” The speed exceeded Alfred’s expectations, lighting his eyes with a faint look of shock. But he was able to respond to the attack itself without much difficulty, mowing it down with his sword.</p>

      <p>However, Orphia wasn’t surprised by something like that—she readied her bow and fired her next arrow of light at Alfred.</p>

      <p>Alfred yet again saw through the attack and cut it down. From that point onwards, Orphia started rapid-firing her arrows of light faster than before, but each arrow was aimed so perfectly, it made her attack just slightly docile. On top of that, she aimed for areas that wouldn’t result in his instant demise—something which Alfred had noticed within intercepting ten of those light arrows.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Orphia fixed her gaze on Alfred as he blocked her arrows.</p>

      <p><em>This man... He really is strong. </em>She stared at him with reverence for his strength.</p>

      <p>“Your arrows are fast, and your aim is frighteningly accurate, but you are too soft,” Alfred said, shooting Orphia a conflicted look.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Alfred! What are you dallying around for?” Charles scolded.</p>

      <p>Alfred sighed. “I do not wish to harm women and children. As long as you don’t resist, no harm will come to you.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, but we will be resisting,” Orphia apologized sincerely.</p>

      <p>“It’s futile. No matter how accurately you fire those light arrows towards me with your enchanted bow, I will surely close the distance between us. An archer of your skill must be able to comprehend that, no?” Alfred said, attempting to wear down Orphia’s will to fight.</p>

      <p>Orphia giggled cutely. “I shall stop firing straight, then. It seems I have misjudged your strength...”</p>

      <p>Alfred furrowed his brow in confusion, but Orphia immediately took aim in the opposite direction and fired her arrows of light.</p>

      <p>“What...?!”</p>

      <p>The arrows that Orphia fired drew an arc through the air, swooping down on Alfred with unmatched precision. Alfred reacted instantly and cut the arrows down, but he was more surprised than he’d been before.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>