<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 12</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: On the Move</h1>

      <p>Somewhere along the road stretching south of Cleia...</p>

      <p>“From the avenger to the avengee, if you will... Human karma is a truly difficult concept. Wouldn’t you agree?”</p>

      <p>Reiss left behind those words in his exchange with Rio before retreating into the forest. Rio continued glaring into the forest afterwards, his expression grim.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Christina watched Rio’s back, dumbfounded and in shock. The same went for Celia, Sara, Orphia, and Alma. Several seconds passed like that, silence falling over their surroundings. Everyone held their breath. Rio secretly probed the area using his wind spirit arts to confirm Reiss had withdrawn into the forest and taken off, and that there were no other enemies. Then, he turned back to the party.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go.” He was the first one to break the silence.</p>

      <p>“...Huh?” The group blinked in shock, taken aback in surprise.</p>

      <p>“It’s just as he said. If we linger here any longer, the pursuers will catch up to us in no time at all. The roar of the minotaurs would have reached the city, so they’ve probably noticed that something has happened. There’s a high risk in using this road, so come this way.”</p>

      <p>Rio smoothly ignored the fact Reiss had uttered his real name and succinctly explained the emergency. Then, he started walking into the eastern forest on the left-hand side of the road that stretched south. It was the opposite direction that Reiss had retreated toward.</p>

      <p>An awkward air flowed between the party.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah, let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“Yup.”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>Sara, the silver werewolf disguised as a human, took the lead in following Rio. Similarly disguised as humans, the high elf Orphia and elder dwarf Alma echoed her words.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, we don’t have time to be chatting here. Let us go,” the guard knight Vanessa called out to Christina.</p>

      <p>“...All right,” Christina nodded, walking forward hesitantly. At that, Celia sighed in relief and followed after them.</p>

      <p>Kouta and Rei exchanged a look with each other before doing the same. Meanwhile, as all of that was going on—</p>

      <p><em>Aishia, can you hear me?</em></p>

      <p>Rio sent a telepathic message to Aishia, who hadn’t come running to join the earlier battle.</p>

      <p><em>Yup</em>, she replied immediately.</p>

      <p><em>Where are you right now?</em></p>

      <p><em>At the edge of our telepathic range. I’ve confirmed the stone house is safe.</em></p>

      <p><em>Perfect. Thank you, </em>Rio said with a small smile. She had probably decided to move separately from the spirit folk girls and check up on the stone house when she sensed the minotaurs’ appearance.</p>

      <p>The only ones present in the stone house right now were Miharu and Latifa, so the fact that she prioritized their safety and checked on them was truly a relief.</p>

      <p><em>What should I do now?</em> Aishia asked.</p>

      <p><em>I’d like you to stay there and keep watch over Miharu and Latifa. You can fly after us every day and stop before the sun sets, without getting too close. We’re going to give up on taking the detour down the south road and head to Rodania via the east road instead.</em></p>

      <p>He would have liked to ask her to monitor their surroundings, but with Reiss around, he didn’t want to leave the stone house unguarded—its safety was his highest priority. They also had the extra Time-Space Cache that Orphia brought along, so moving the stone house wasn’t an issue either.</p>

      <p><em>Got it.</em></p>

      <p><em>Unless there’s a major emergency, I won’t be contacting you again until we reach Rodania. If anything urgent happens over there, just scatter a load of ode and mana and I’ll come running.</em></p>

      <p><em>Understood.</em></p>

      <p><em>Later, then.</em></p>

      <p>Their telepathic conversation ended there. He could ask for more details from Sara and the others later.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter, Haruto?” Celia asked, having followed Rio into the forest.</p>

      <p>“No, it’s nothing. The monsters made a fine mess out of the surrounding earth, so I was considering how we could use that to our benefit and hide our footprints from the pursuers,” Rio said, looking around at the forest floor that had been trampled by the large number of monsters. “We could move through the treetops and cut our traces off here.”</p>

      <p>It was pretty much guaranteed that troops would be sent to investigate the commotion that had happened, and the most prominent information they could leave behind was their footprints. If their footprints were discovered amongst the ground that had been trampled by the monsters, they’d definitely be tracked down.</p>

      <p>In this case, it would be best to cut off their footprints here and leave no information for the pursuers, delaying them by extending their investigation time. If they find Reiss’ footprints moving in the opposite direction, they might even split their personnel further. However...</p>

      <p>“Through the treetops...?”</p>

      <p>How was that possible? Christina, Vanessa, Kouta, and Rei looked up at the trees overhead in confusion. While they could certainly erase traces of themselves if they moved through the treetops, the forest was lined with trees over ten meters tall.</p>

      <p>As a physically-trained knight, Vanessa could probably manage it, but it would be a feat for the others to simply climb a tree, much less jump between the spaced out branches. They couldn’t waste time struggling to climb either, or the pursuers would arrive.</p>

      <p>“We’ll carry you. I can take Kouta and Rei, and the other three... Can I leave them to you guys, Sara?” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“...Sure!” Sara exchanged looks with Orphia and Alma before nodding happily.</p>

      <p>“Then let’s get going immediately. I’ll carry Kouta, so could you climb on my back, Rei? Here goes,” Rio said, picking Kouta up in his arms in a bridal carry.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Wai...” Kouta froze, having been picked up smoothly before he could give his consent.</p>

      <p>“Hurry please, Rei. Hold on tightly so you don’t fall off,” Rio urged.</p>

      <p>“Ah... All right. Excuse me,” Rei nodded obediently and climbed on Rio’s back, figuring this was no time to be arguing.</p>

      <p><em>O-Oh... Wow, he’s really buff. </em>Rei was quietly in awe at how Rio didn’t even flinch under the weight of two men.</p>

      <p>“I shall carry Celia, then. Sara and Orphia, you take care of those two,” Alma said, approaching Celia.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Alma,” Celia smiled warmly. She turned to address Christina and Vanessa, hoping to ease their wariness towards the girls they had yet to be introduced to. “As you witnessed in the fight earlier, these girls have enchanted weapons just like Haruto and can enhance their physical bodies by quite a bit. They’re very reliable, so you can trust them to transport you safely.”</p>

      <p>“I understand. I will be in your care, then,” Christina nodded at Sara and Orphia.</p>

      <p>“I’ll take the swordswoman so you can carry her, Orphia,” Sara offered, leaving Orphia to handle Christina.</p>

      <p>“Yup, got it.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks.” Vanessa quietly bobbed her head at Sara. After Sara and the others arranged themselves and picked up their escorts, they finally departed.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go. I’ll lead the way, so please follow me carefully.”</p>

      <p>“Understood!”</p>

      <p>Rio first took a great leap with Kouta and Rei in tow, landing lightly on a branch overhead.</p>

      <p>“A-Amazing...”</p>

      <p>“...I knew he had incredible physical abilities, but this is something else.”</p>

      <p>Kouta and Rei easily surpassed 120 kilograms together, but Rio had leapt as though gravity didn’t exist, leaving the two muttering in shock.</p>

      <p>“You may bite your tongues if you speak, so please keep conversation to a minimum.” No sooner than he had said that, Rio leapt to the next tree. Sara and the others followed suit, lightly jumping to thick branches behind Rio. They continued making their way through the forest, putting the battlefield behind them in no time at all.</p>

      <p>Thus, just as Rio planned, the only traces left behind were those of a grand battle that had taken place on the road and surrounding forest. The troops from Cleia—including Alfred and Rui—arrived at the scene of the commotion mere minutes later.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Ten or so minutes after they departed the battlefield on the south road, Rio and the others reached a decent point down the eastern road.</p>

      <p><em>We should have gained a fair distance from our previous location, but...</em></p>

      <p>The further they moved away from Cleia, the further they would be located from the areas being thoroughly investigated. More distance would also give them more chances to outwit their pursuers, so ideally, Rio wanted to gain even more distance, if possible.</p>

      <p>However, maintaining both physical ability and physical body enhancements at the same time consumed a large amount of magic essence, so it was known as an inefficient magic or sorcery. Being able to sustain them for several minutes was difficult.</p>

      <p>Of course, Rio and the spirit folk girls all possessed extraordinary amounts of essence compared to regular humans, so they could still keep their enhancements up for as long as needed, but prolonged use in front of Christina and the others might be seen as unnatural.</p>

      <p><em>...Let’s take a break for now. Sara and the others need an explanation, too.</em></p>

      <p>Having decided that, Rio reduced his speed and gently landed in a basin in the forest. The spirit folk girls followed his lead and landed next to him easily.</p>

      <p>“We should be safe here for a while. Many unforeseen events happened back there, so let’s take a small breather to explain things and discuss what our plans are moving forward,” Rio suggested as he let Kouta and Rei down onto the ground.</p>

      <p>“But...” Celia started nervously as she watched everyone’s faces. She still seemed to be affected by how Reiss had called Rio by his real name before he left.</p>

      <p>There had barely been any conversation on their way here, so the fact no one had been introduced to each other was probably contributing to the awkward air.</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, Your Highness has yet to be introduced to Sara and the others. Let’s start from there, shall we?” Rio purposefully avoided the topic of his real name as he moved the conversation along. The others seemed to pick up on his intentions.</p>

      <p>“I’m Sara, this is Orphia, and that one over there is Alma. It’s very nice to meet you.”</p>

      <p>Sara offered their names on behalf of the others as Orphia and Alma bowed their heads.</p>

      <p>“May I ask what relation you have to Mister Haruto...?” Rei raised his hand and asked.</p>

      <p>“How should I describe them... They’re young ladies—or rather, warriors—from a minority group located on the outskirts of Strahl. Certain events brought us together, after which they’ve shown me nothing but kindness.” Rio gave a convincing but harmless explanation of the spirit folk girls’ backgrounds.</p>

      <p>“We’re currently traveling with Haruto in order to learn more about the world,” Orphia added. It technically wasn’t a lie.</p>

      <p>“I see... You’re all very cute. Like, really...” Rei looked at them with interest in his eyes.</p>

      <p>“Hah... Thank you very much.” Sara bowed, accepting his words as a polite comment.</p>

      <p>“Rei. Please refrain from saying unnecessary things in this situation.” Kouta elbowed Rei in the arm.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha... Right. Ah, my name is Rei Saiki, by the way. This guy is my underclassman, Kouta Murakumo. Pleased to meet you all.” Rei introduced himself somewhat stiffly.</p>

      <p>“Hello. I’m Kouta.” Kouta seemed to be a little shy, as he nodded his head awkwardly. Then, Christina exhaled slowly to calm herself before speaking.</p>

      <p>“I’m the Beltrum Kingdom’s first princess, Christina. Thank you for saving us earlier.”</p>

      <p>“Vanessa Emarle, a knight serving as Princess Christina’s guard. I am truly grateful to you all for saving Her Highness from our predicament,” Vanessa said, bowing respectfully.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, so you’re a princess... Well, we only intervened to help Haruto and Celia, so you can direct your gratitude towards them.” Though they must have heard the gist of things from Aishia and known the first princess Christina was here already, Sara acted like she was only learning that fact now.</p>

      <p>“So what’s the current situation? We only know that there was an uproar in the city and that you’re on the run from the soldiers...” Alma asked. They couldn’t reveal that Aishia had acted as a messenger while Rio was in the underground room and gathered them to support the escape plan, so she implicitly conveyed their intention to feign ignorance to Rio and Celia.</p>

      <p>“Your Highness,” Rio said to Christina.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? Ah, yes?” Christina flinched, shaking as she replied.</p>

      <p>“Are you feeling unwell?” Rio asked, staring at her.</p>

      <p>“N-No, not at all.” Christina averted her gaze somewhat guiltily.</p>

      <p>“That’s good to hear. May I explain your situation to the girls? They definitely won’t reveal anything to anyone else.” Rio looked at Sara and the others.</p>

      <p>“...Very well,” Christina nodded awkwardly. Whether that was because she had no other choice in this situation, or because of something else...</p>

      <p>“Then I shall summarise the situation succinctly. First, L-Lady Celia and I successfully snuck into her father’s estate, as originally planned,” said Rio. He stuttered awkwardly over Celia’s title out of unfamiliarity.</p>

      <p>“...” Celia looked like she wanted to object to being called “Lady,” but held her tongue.</p>

      <p>“After sneaking into the underground basement, we found Her Highness hiding there. She was on the run from the kingdom’s army, currently being led by nobles agitated about the political conflicts in the capital,” Rio explained shortly.</p>

      <p>“I see... So Haruto and Celia will head to Rodania from here?” Sara asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’ve decided to escort them.” Rio confirmed, frowning slightly as he sighed, as he had predicted what Sara would say next.</p>

      <p>“Then allow us to accompany you and offer what help we can provide.”</p>

      <p>Honestly, it was a very reassuring offer. With so many people to protect, even Rio would struggle to cover every vulnerability.</p>

      <p>Of course, he had already decided his highest priority was Celia, but he didn’t want to cause any collateral damage that would make Celia upset. Thus, in order to avoid that, he couldn’t cut corners while escorting Christina—making Sara’s offer extremely helpful.</p>

      <p>“...We’re being pursued by the army of an entire kingdom. It’ll be a dangerous trip.”</p>

      <p>Rio’s worries lay there. Sara and the others left their village to learn about the world, so it wouldn’t be right to drag them into such a dangerous and problematic situation. If their escort target had only been Celia, then they wouldn’t need to hide their spirit arts and could just fly through the air. But that wasn’t an option with Christina and the others present. It was a different matter than lending them magic artifacts to alter their hair color. Unless there was some kind of emergency, he didn’t want to use any methods that deviated from the common knowledge of the Strahl region.</p>

      <p>They would move by land, mostly on foot. He wouldn’t do anything superhuman like carry Celia in his arms and run throughout the daytime and nighttime hours.</p>

      <p>“And I thought we were friends. Did you expect us to just watch as you and Celia go off on such a dangerous journey?” Sara asked, sounding slightly fed up.</p>

      <p>“Yup, what Sara said.” Orphia nodded in agreement.</p>

      <p>“And wouldn’t it be better to have more people on an escort mission? That’s why<em> we’re </em>here, after all.”</p>

      <p><em>Instead of Lady Aishia, that is</em>—Alma implied in a way that only Rio would understand.</p>

      <p>She had a point. Even though Aishia’s strength was on par with Rio’s and she could perform numerous roles by herself, she only had one materialized body that could act at any time. Plus, even if Aishia were to participate in the escort mission, she would be more useful in her spirit form than physical form as she could monitor the surroundings and send warnings.</p>

      <p>In this regard, Sara and the other girls could strengthen their defenses by staying near the escort targets, while <em>their </em>contract spirits could monitor the surroundings instead. In this situation, the spirit folk girls could probably offer more to the escort mission than Aishia. Knowing that, they had come running to rescue Celia and offer their protection.</p>

      <p>“...All right. I’ll be relying on you guys, then. Thank you,” Rio said gratefully. He would make sure to thank them properly on a later day.</p>

      <p>“Thank you so much, truly...” Celia bowed her head deeply at Sara.</p>

      <p>“Like I said, we’re friends.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, leave it to us.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s all do our best!”</p>

      <p>Sara, Alma, and Orphia said proudly. Rio smiled softly at the sight.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>