<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>~Behind the Scenes One Day in Mizgarz~</p>

      <p>Laws of Physics: “Enough already! What the hell is up with that new character, Libra?! No matter how you look at it, there’s no way she can fit all that inside her! Like, a jetpack and a ligh〇saber and a railgun?! Are her insides like an nth dimensional pocket or something?!”</p>

      <p>Free Expression: “Why’re you here?!”</p>

      <p>Laws of Physics: “I told you to stop! I don’t care if you call this a fantasy. Who the hell do you think you are?!”</p>

      <p>Free Expression: “I get it... Like, I know what you’re saying, but... But you’re making plot convenience cry!”</p>

      <p>Laws of Physics: “What?!”</p>

      <p>Free Expression: “It’s crying because it doesn’t want you to turn this story boring just because you’re obsessed with realism! Why don’t you get that?!”</p>

      <p>Laws of Physics: “As if I care, idiot!”</p>

      <p>Free Expression: “And I’m saying that the contradictions in the story and lack of consistency are inevitable. Are you really going to put all the blame on me and plot convenience and do away with it?! Just, do away with what plot convenience is trying to protect even now?!”</p>

      <p>Laws of Physics: “It <em>is</em> actually your fault!”</p>

      <p>Free Expression: “Then I’ll just do away with you first!”</p>

      <p>Laws of Physics: “WAAARRGGHH!!”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Hello, everyone. This is Firehead.</p>

      <p>First off, I expect that all of you thought, <em>What the hell is up with Libra?</em> when you read this.</p>

      <p>I understand how you feel. That maid is just really messed up, isn’t she?</p>

      <p>If I were to reply to that thought completely truthfully, I would have to say that I don’t really know, either. To be frank, I haven’t thought of what Libra is physically like on the inside. Not at all.</p>

      <p>This is something you’ll learn if you read the book, but in this story, the laws of physics are basically completely detached.</p>

      <p>The person(?) itself was totally willing to work. But by the time it noticed, it was beaten to a pulp by plot convenience and exaggeration, a lot like how Savior Gun〇m was destroyed by Freedom Gun〇m and sunk into the ocean.</p>

      <p>It can’t be helped, right? This is a fantasy. So let’s just say that it’ll forever be a mystery just how Libra pulls all that ridiculous stuff off. For those who just can’t let it go: just imagine that Libra’s internal structure is built like an Exgate, and her internal storage space is actually really huge.</p>

      <p>Now then, just like that I somehow managed to put out two volumes of this. But as more and more characters appear, Lufas’ name stands out more and more. I bet there are a lot of people who think, <em>Why is her name different when everyone else’s name has something to do with stars?</em> To be honest, the reason why so many people are named after stars is just that I didn’t want to take the trouble to think up names, so I just looked for cool-sounding star names.</p>

      <p>But Lufas is a little different. Actually, her character was made in a TRPG that I DM’ed before I wrote this story. She was the demon king that I’d created. That’s why her name’s motif is demons. That’s really all the reasoning there is behind it. I didn’t really put a lot of planning into the names.</p>

      <p>It’s not like all the other characters have star names, either. The really unimportant ones just have random names that I thought up. For example: the 4-man party of adventurers. I just searched up some western names for them and named them whatever sounded appropriate. Basically, I am fundamentally a very ‘whatever works’ kind of person.</p>

      <p>That’s also why the plot is like this. I just decided how I generally wanted the beginning and end to go and started to write while repeating a cycle of going off on tangents. In some bad cases, I’d even throw out what I decided on at first. Even worse, sometimes I’d just throw out the plot completely. Plots are made to be trashed.</p>

      <p>Since I’m like this, the setting is also pretty thrown-together. I didn’t bother thinking about the nitty-gritty details.</p>

      <p>Even while I’m writing, new scenarios and backstories will just pop up like mushrooms in my head, powering me up as I go. “Wouldn’t it be fun if it went like this?” And usually they’ll run into some sort of contradiction in the middle, and I’ll shrink. Mamma mia.</p>

      <p>Since I’m the one writing all this, there are some elements that never see the light of day. They just ‘exist.’ For example, the culinary culture in Mizgarz isn’t very developed, but I’ve written nothing making use of that. In fact, I probably never will. It’s not like Lufas or Dina will revolutionize the culinary world or anything. It’s really there just to be there.</p>

      <p>Well, even if I were to write a leisurely slice-of-life-type story that would use this, I’m fundamentally not suited for that sort of thing. Like, I’d suddenly have an enemy pop in, and they’d have a hot-blooded battle.</p>

      <p>But I love to think of backstories and world elements when I’m stuck. That’s why there’re so many, and about 90% of them will never be used.</p>

      <p>So, the dumbass story that I came up with was this one, “A Wild Last Boss Appeared!” And given that I was able to successfully publish a second volume, anything really can happen in this world.</p>

      <p>The really great people are people like my editor, who managed to pare down this ridiculous story into a decent novel, YahaKo, the others involved in this work, and all of you who are reading this. Of course, if you actually bought this, you’re even more wonderful.</p>

      <p>Continuing this line, I actually don’t do all that much work. I just toss over the story, which is already finished, to my editor. Then I just wait for everything to be done like I’m not involved.</p>

      <p>While everyone was working hard combing through my story for typos and missing words, I was at the convenience store, buying and eating ice cream. While everyone was working late, I was humming a song in my bath. Then, once everything is ready I just put my signature on it and throw it back. I’m very lazy.</p>

      <p>So, if any of you read this book and thought it was even a little great, please praise the hard work of my editor and YahaKo in your hearts.</p>

      <p>Now then, everyone, let’s meet again in book 3, if there is one.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>