<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Although Libra was still expressionless, it seemed to me that she was frozen in deep shock, her countdown left unfinished. Somehow, that struck me as funny, and I couldn’t stop myself from smiling as I spoke.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, Libra. What’s wrong? You look like a bird that got shot. Did you forget what We look like?”</p>

      <p>“...Miss...Lufa...s...?”</p>

      <p>I quietly watched Libra, who was still frozen. I was waiting for her to reach a conclusion first.</p>

      <p>If she decided it was me and stopped attacking, that’d be great. If she still decided to shoot her Brachium, then I’d have to endure that first before restraining her.</p>

      <p>It didn’t seem like she was nearly as damaged as the gatekeeper just now was, so I should’ve been able to repair her.</p>

      <p>“Comparing... Biological data, matched. ...Probability of being the real Lufas Maphaahl: 99.99989965%... From conjecture of situation...probability of surviving that fight: less than 1%... Total probability... Impossible to calculate...impossible... D-decision...dec-de-dec—...sion...impossible...impossible...”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. There is no need to think so hard.”</p>

      <p>This was bad. She was getting confused because she thought she was seeing a dead person, which was unprecedented.</p>

      <p>It probably wouldn’t get this bad normally, but she must’ve been almost as broken as the gatekeeper was. Even if that wasn’t the case, she’d been left here for one hundred ninety years, guarding this place without rest. Of course she wouldn’t be able to make proper decisions on her own.</p>

      <p>“Now, We will come and repair you. You need rest.”</p>

      <p>“—! Warning! If you take one step closer, you will fulfill the conditions required for extermination!”</p>

      <p>“We don’t care.”</p>

      <p>I ignored Libra’s warning and boldly stepped closer.</p>

      <p>One step, two steps! It seemed like Libra was having trouble deciding whether it was okay to attack or not. In the time she was deciding, I continued to close the distance between us.</p>

      <p>“Now, then. We have moved. Are you not going to stop us?”</p>

      <p>“... Program Selection!”</p>

      <p>Libra’s eyes shone, and her entire body started to emit light.</p>

      <p>The first thing she did was create a film of light that covered the entire area. It was an isolated space made to ensure the enemy couldn’t escape at the same time as making sure there were no unnecessary casualties.</p>

      <p>In the middle of that space, a white radiance converged upon Libra, glittering like stars. That vivid radiance expanded and pulsated.</p>

      <p><em>Now, then. This’ll be the first significant amount of damage I’ll take in this world. Honestly, I have no confidence I’ll be able to avoid crying in pain, but... I wonder why? Right now, I really just want to get hit by her. I really don’t understand it myself.</em></p>

      <p>“Brachium, activate!”</p>

      <p>And the star exploded.</p>

      <p>The space was filled with a white aurora, and an impact stronger than anything I’d ever felt before assaulted my entire body.</p>

      <p>The light raged like a storm, and colorful particles danced around the inside of the closed space.</p>

      <p>Everything within the space was twisted, trampled, and destroyed. The attack didn’t care about defenses, resistances, skills, or even arts as it pierced through everything to deliver damage up to the extreme limit of the system.</p>

      <p><em>Crap. It hurts. And it burns.</em></p>

      <p>Pain stabbed through me as if my body was being assaulted with heat that would char me all over... Well, it actually was, though. I knew that my HP was getting reduced at an alarming rate.</p>

      <p>“Mnrr...!!” I clenched my teeth, but I still grunted in pain.</p>

      <p>But even so, I kept moving forward through the light.</p>

      <p>Frankly, I wanted to immediately fall back down the stairs to where it was safe. But I couldn’t afford to do that. More importantly, that’d be way too lame<em>. </em>Well, actually, it probably wasn’t possible anyway.</p>

      <p>It was probably correct to assume that it was impossible to escape from Brachium once it started.</p>

      <p>One step.</p>

      <p>Two steps.</p>

      <p>Three steps.</p>

      <p>I advanced through the radiance, closing the distance on Libra. Meanwhile, the light mercilessly buffeted me, shaving away at my HP.</p>

      <p><em>This is pretty harsh... But, it’s not impossible for me to withstand.</em></p>

      <p>“ー!”</p>

      <p>“Oh my. Looks like We are finally here.”</p>

      <p>As soon as I reached Libra, she started moving.</p>

      <p>Her left hand sunk into her wrist, and instead, a blade made of blue-white light appeared.</p>

      <p>I dodged her thrust by a hair’s breadth, grabbing hold of her left arm and stopping her in her tracks. Then, I activated my Alchemist skill—“All Repair.”</p>

      <p>It was a single-target healing skill limited to use on golems that would fully heal the targeted golem. This skill was incredibly inefficient and wouldn’t actually repair every golem. It would only work on golems the user owned.</p>

      <p>And unlike the gatekeeper, Libra was the one golem that I’d kept on me even after I was beaten. I figured that my ownership might still hold. When I tested it, I was proven right.</p>

      <p>All the cracks on Libra’s body disappeared, and I could tell that her HP was fully restored.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for making you wait for so long. We have come for you, Libra.”</p>

      <p>“...Assessing situation... Probability of this being the real Lufas: 100%... Confirmed as Lufas herself. ...Canceling mission: guard the king’s grave,” Libra said, closing her eyes as if she was finally at ease.</p>

      <p>Seeing her finally able to rest after completing her mission, I gently picked her up.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>After successfully retrieving Libra, I was lost as to what to do next.</p>

      <p>If I went back down as I was there was no doubt I would invite Jean’s distrust. They especially wouldn’t like the fact that I was carrying Libra. By my estimation, they might demand that I break her in the worst scenario.</p>

      <p>Of course, I had no desire to do that myself, so if it came to that, they’d become my enemies. Jean and the others would pose no threat even as enemies. They’d still be annoying to deal with, though. So if possible, I wanted to avoid that outcome.</p>

      <p>But I couldn’t come up with a decent excuse.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm... At worst, I can just knock them out and run. Would that be okay...? Actually, I can’t think of any other way to do this.</em></p>

      <p>While I was pondering and becoming a little depressed, I continued down the stairs.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Miss Lufas!”</p>

      <p>“Welcome back. Looks like you managed to get Libra back safely.”</p>

      <p>When I got to the previous floor, Aries and Dina welcomed me with smiling faces. On the flip side, Jean and the others didn’t move at all. The faraway look in their eyes indicated that they weren’t really mentally here. They were totally out of it.</p>

      <p>“Dina, what did you do to them?”</p>

      <p>“Ahh. Trying to explain things to them was too troublesome so I may have...hypnotized them.”</p>

      <p>“Hypnotized?”</p>

      <p>“I manipulated their memories and implanted false ones, just a little bit... I made it so that they never met us in the first place. While I was at it, I also had them think that they were the ones who conquered this grave. That should hide our tracks for a while.”</p>

      <p>My smile stiffened after hearing Dina casually say something so outrageous.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh. Oh, right. She can manipulate memories.</em> She was really useful, but also really scary. <em>I’m truly grateful that she’s a friendly.</em></p>

      <p>But now my biggest worry had just been cleanly swept away.</p>

      <p>“As for Libra, she was already destroyed by the time they got here. The story will go that the investigation corps that came earlier gave their lives to destroy her. That should get some attention away from her.”</p>

      <p>“Could it be you planned to do this to Jean from the very start, and that’s why you let them come with us?”</p>

      <p>“Would there be any other reason to carry around dead weight?”</p>

      <p>“...You’re a scary woman. You know that?”</p>

      <p>“For you, Miss Lufas, I can become an ogre or a demon. Such is the woman named Dina.”</p>

      <p>With a smug expression, Dina puffed out her chest. I gave a tiny shudder as I wiped away some cold sweat.</p>

      <p><em>Well, whatever.</em> Now, all that was left was to retrieve some of my things from storage. There was my promise to Megrez, too. <em>Let’s leave behind anything I won’t use anymore.</em></p>

      <p>To be fair, equipment that only gives, like, +100 attack or something had no use other than selling for money at this point. <em>I might as well leave stuff like that here.</em></p>

      <p>“All right. We’re going to the top floor.”</p>

      <p>“Okaayy!”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes!”</p>

      <p>Leaving Jean and the others on the 106th floor, we moved to the top.</p>

      <p>When we finally got to the top floor, what awaited us was an incredibly gaudy room. The ceiling, walls, and floor all shined gold, and it pricked my eyes. Even as pure flattery, it would be hard to say this room was one someone could relax in. Heaps of gems and gold were piled up everywhere, and swords and other equipment were neatly lined up.</p>

      <p>No. No matter how you looked at it, this wasn’t a grave. In fact, if this <em>were</em> my grave, I’d hate it. There was no way I could properly rest here.</p>

      <p>At least, that was how it should have been... <em>Why is it? Why can I barely contain myself when I’m looking at all this?</em> I didn’t know why, but the urge to just take all this shiny stuff home with me welled up from within.</p>

      <p>“Calm down, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“We are calm. ...We’re calm, but for some reason We can’t calm down. What is this?”</p>

      <p>“Ahh. Come to think of it, Miss Lufas has always liked shiny things and would collect a lot of them, huh?”</p>

      <p>I froze.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Really?</em> I didn’t remember that bit of backstory. <em>Collecting shiny things? Am I a freakin’ crow?! No, well, I </em>do <em>have black wings...</em></p>

      <p>“Let’s just take all the weapons we’ll need for now before Miss Lufas goes crazy.”</p>

      <p>“Dina, saying We will go crazy is too far. We understand what is necessary at the very least.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, then. Why don’t you let go of all those lumps of money you’re holding that’ve got no use to us first?”</p>

      <p>After having it pointed out by Dina, I realized for the first time that I was already holding a bunch of gems, gold, and shiny stuff.</p>

      <p><em>...Oh no.</em> That was completely by reflex.</p>

      <p><em>No, uhh, yeah... I should have no interest in lumps of cash like this... I don’t like gaudy, nouveau-riche styles. In fact, I’m more of a dark, chic colors man myself.</em></p>

      <p><em>But then, why is this urge so strong?</em></p>

      <p>“Aries, Miss Lufas has just turned into a regular old crow, so let’s pick out what’s necessary by ourselves.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Got it!”</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Am I really not even just useless but an active hindrance now?</em></p>

      <p>Even with those thoughts running through my head, I couldn’t stop myself from reaching for weird, shiny objects. <em>This is bad. I can’t stop myself. I just naturally move for anything that’s shiny.</em></p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas! That’s just decoration! It’s for show! It’s not useful at all! Just throw that away somewhere!”</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas, that’s just a shiny piece of art!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yeah.”</p>

      <p>After getting yelled at by Dina and Aries, I dejectedly retreated to a corner of the room.</p>

      <p><em>Naw... ...I swear, I’m not like this. I really want to look for weapons, I do. But my body won’t listen!</em></p>

      <p>After that, Dina and Aries continued to gather weapons I used to use while shooting me sidelong glances as I kept laying my hands on shiny but utterly useless items.</p>

      <p>Spears, giant swords, knives, halberds, katars, tonfas, pile bunkers... Looking at them like this, I realized that I never did settle on a single weapon.</p>

      <p><em>By the way, my favorite weapon was a whip sword.</em></p>

      <p>“This should be good for now. Miss Lufas did use the rest a long time ago, but she’d never use them again anyway as it is now. Let’s leave them here. Even those should be precious these days.”</p>

      <p>“What about the golems?”</p>

      <p>“Ahh. I’ll take those back to the tower, too. Miss Lufas, could I get you to gather all the golems you didn’t destroy here?”</p>

      <p>While I was waiting in a corner of the room, it seemed like my time had come. But said time seemed to entail some rather hard work.</p>

      <p><em>Retrieve all the golems I only pretended to destroy, huh? Ahh, well.</em> If I didn’t, they’d just keep racking up casualties. There was no choice...</p>

      <p>“Understood. It will take some time, though.”</p>

      <p>At any rate, I’d be useless if I stayed here anyway. <em>So, I might as well do what I can.</em></p>

      <p><em>...I lost a lot of dignity just now, haven’t I?</em></p>

      <p>In the end, retrieving all the golems ate up a lot of time and all, because this grave was way too huge. <em>Who was it that made this?</em></p>

      <p>For now, I gathered up all the higher AI level golems and left them with Dina along with all the weapons and armor. Apparently she could teleport with things if they weren’t living, so she took everything back to Maphaahl Tower.</p>

      <p>I digress, but I also destroyed all the dumbass golems that turned into automatic attack machines.</p>

      <p>“Okay, let’s get out of here.”</p>

      <p>“What about Jean and the others?”</p>

      <p>“They’ll wake up after a while and think they made it up here on their own. It won’t be a problem.”</p>

      <p><em>I see.</em> So when Jean and the others woke up, they’d become heroes thanks to having conquered the Grave of the Black-Winged King. They might take some of the treasures for themselves, but that’s none of my business.</p>

      <p>All this wealth I couldn’t even carry was just a nuisance to me right now, so if they wanted it, they could have it. I was happy having gotten some useful weapons, the golems, and Libra.</p>

      <p>I’ve got some complicated feelings about this place being robbed. I might not have been in it, but the grave <em>was</em> mine...</p>

      <p>It was the same back on Earth, though. Showy graves with lots of treasure in them were basically there for the stealing.</p>

      <p>Even if the grave robbers returned empty-handed, academic types would just show up and clear it out anyway, claiming they’d found historic artifacts and displaying the body in a museum or something.</p>

      <p>This place really wasn’t fit to be a grave. If I really were to die, I’d want to be buried in the ground in a place where no one would bother me.</p>

      <p>After leaving the grave, we returned to the woods where Tanaka was waiting for us. Then, I used alchemy to transmute new maid clothes for Libra, and while I was at it, I wiped her body clean as well.</p>

      <p>Well, I wasn’t the one who actually wiped her clean. It was Dina, as usual.</p>

      <p>After that, we spent a few hours waiting.</p>

      <p>Libra just wouldn’t wake up on her own, so I tried ordering her to do so. She woke immediately and opened her eyes.</p>

      <p>“...Sight, all green. Checking all sections... All green. Starting.”</p>

      <p>Libra slowly sat up, eyes glowing. Seeing me, she stood, and with a complex series of inner workings, she performed a neat bow.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>