<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_9">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>Unfortunately, I have no stylish way of describing this, but in reality, the result is all that matters.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m not great at adding useless decorations and exaggerations on stories, so all I can do is say that I punched it, because I actually punched it.</em></p>

      <p>And that was enough.</p>

      <p>The small planet that I’d punched was blown back into the sky, ignoring the laws of physics, before crumbling and scattering into the air.</p>

      <p>Then, given that the faux Venus could no longer hold its shape, it dispersed back into mana as if it had never existed in the first place.</p>

      <p>“...No way...”</p>

      <p>Dina stood there dumbfounded with her mouth wide open, as if she’d completely forgotten to put on that evil expression.</p>

      <p><em>Well, it’s a natural reaction.</em></p>

      <p>If I wasn’t Lufas but myself, and I had been in Dina’s position and seen what had just happened, I’d probably be saying “Nice cheats, GJ.”</p>

      <p>At any rate, it seemed like that was enough to break Dina’s will to fight. I could no longer feel the aura she had been putting out earlier.</p>

      <p>“So... Will you continue, Dina?” I asked, just in case.</p>

      <p>If she were to choose to continue, then I’d probably have to hit Dina again with a Blunted-Sword Strike-infused fist.</p>

      <p>Personally, I didn’t really like the idea of hitting girls too much, so I’d really like it if she just surrendered now. I’d at least avoid her face or her stomach.</p>

      <p><em>When the opponent is a girl it’s really hard to find a decent place to punch. I feel like no matter where I hit, I end up as scum...</em></p>

      <p><em>If my opponent was a guy, I could just freely put my fist to his face.</em></p>

      <p>Incidentally, if I was fighting a good-looking guy, I’d go double-hard on the punch. <em>And I won’t stop if they start crying, either.</em></p>

      <p>“...No. It’s my loss.”</p>

      <p>However, it seemed I was worrying needlessly. Dina admitted her defeat and sat down on the spot.</p>

      <p><em>Thank goodness. Now I don’t have to keep hurting her.</em></p>

      <p>But, well, I was really scared this time.</p>

      <p>I never expected her to throw Venus at me, even if it was just a fake.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“So, will you talk? Why did you do this?” I spoke a little forcefully towards Dina, who was slumped on the ground.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t really feeling mad or anything, but if I was too lenient here she might just end up doing the same thing later.<em> Putting on an act is necessary sometimes.</em></p>

      <p>“...I’m a test player that came here around the year 2800 on the Mizgarz calendar...just about right after you were sealed. By the time I’d realized it, I was in my player avatar and in this world.”</p>

      <p><em>That’s the same as me.</em> I also came to this world by possessing my player avatar...that of Lufas Maphaahl. But I already knew about that. That wasn’t what I wanted to know. So I silently gestured for her to continue.</p>

      <p>“At that time, there were a lot of great warriors around. Still, it wasn’t like in the game where it was overflowing with level 1000’s and people who stat-boosted themselves to oblivion. But even so, there were a lot of strong people who easily exceeded level 500.”</p>

      <p>“What? It was already different at that point?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Also, it seemed like a section of the players—specifically players who were not featured in novels—disappeared without a trace, like they’d never existed in the first place. From what I surmised... This place isn’t the game but the novelized version of this world.”</p>

      <p>I reflexively bit my lower lip.</p>

      <p><em>That’s...bad, isn’t it?</em></p>

      <p><em>How is it bad? </em>Well, there were actually very few characters that became featured in novels. Basically, unlike the large number of players, the number of novelists hired was overwhelmingly insufficient. So small adventures or events basically never got made into novels unless someone paid for it, and events and stories that would officially be made into stories were very rare in the first place.</p>

      <p>Of course, there were players other than the Seven Heroes that achieved level 1000 and managed to get featured in official stories. They existed—but their numbers just barely reached the triple digits. There were also high-level players who didn’t become my subjects. Those people said things like, “Isn’t it super cool to work in the shadows, outside of the story?” and immersed themselves into the game without getting novelized. They probably didn’t exist here.</p>

      <p>Not to mention any player avatars that would get caught in copyright infractions.</p>

      <p>This all boiled down to the fact that almost all the max-level players in <em>Exgate Online</em> never existed in this world in the first place.</p>

      <p>“There was no one in the same position as me, either. It was as if they’d all lived in this world their whole lives... Well, no. They actually had done that, probably. The only irregular in this world was me.”</p>

      <p>“Would it not be possible for others to exist, and you just didn’t notice?”</p>

      <p>“There might have been. But now, I don’t have the means to confirm that...”</p>

      <p><em>I wonder if Dina appeared in any novels even though she was a test player?</em></p>

      <p><em>No, that doesn’t matter now. More importantly, I need to ask about what happened in the past. The novel stuff can wait until later.</em></p>

      <p>“But even so, they were all some of the precious few people I knew. I could feel remnants of my ‘reality’ in them. But...”</p>

      <p>“...They all died, didn’t they?”</p>

      <p>“...Yes.”</p>

      <p>I almost heaved a sigh.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, I see... No wonder they all lost. This is something I should have thought about right away in the first place.</em></p>

      <p>If it really was like in the game with over 100,000 high-level players... There was no way they’d have lost against the Devil King.</p>

      <p>Consider this: Even Dina, whom I just fought, was at level 1000 but without any stat boosts. Just imagine over 100,000 Dina’s all casting Morning Venus, and the sight of all that falling.</p>

      <p>...There’d be no defending against that.</p>

      <p>In the game, the largest party size outside of wars was twelve people. In other words, it was impossible to challenge the Devil King with thirteen or more people at once... But that probably wasn’t the case in this world. So in that case, then it would be best to go at him with 100,000 high-level fighters. If they hadn’t done that, it just meant that they couldn’t.</p>

      <p>At this point, my presumption that this was the game world was already wrong. But I’d never even considered that.</p>

      <p>“I was so frustrated. And angry. Even the small bits of ‘reality’ I had left were taken from me, and seeing the world I knew being trampled over was more painful than anything. But setting aside other devilfolk, there was no way I could defeat the Devil King. So I infiltrated that rabble, the Seven Luminaries, and succeeded in slowing down their invasion. But that was the best I could manage.”</p>

      <p>“So that was why you needed us and the Twelve Heavenly Stars?”</p>

      <p>“...Yes. I remembered that there was a background girl in Maphaahl Tower, so I assumed her position. So, I thought if I guided you around well enough, I could get you to fight the Devil King and kill him.”</p>

      <p>...ー</p>

      <p><em>No, not yet. There’s still something bothering me.</em></p>

      <p>Wasn’t there something strange about what Dina had just said? <em>I don’t really think there was anything that I should follow up on, but...</em></p>

      <p><em>No, it’s fine. I just need to keep listening.</em></p>

      <p>“And the meaning of Jupiter shouting all that?”</p>

      <p>“I promised to take Libra and keep her away for twenty minutes. But I broke that promise and returned Libra once he was in town. What he shouted was correct; I was tricking him from the start.”</p>

      <p><em>I see. No wonder why he attacked as soon as Libra went away. </em>That was Dina maneuvering in the shadows. Also, when Libra first found Jupiter, he was probably actually going to see Dina in order to exchange information or something.</p>

      <p>“Then the next question will be our last. Are you our enemy?”</p>

      <p>“No, I don’t want to be. In the first place, doesn’t the fact that I wanted to use you make it strange for me to be hostile, in a way?”</p>

      <p>Dina’s answer to my question was a solid no.</p>

      <p><em>So while she would use me, she doesn’t want to actually oppose me, huh?</em></p>

      <p>I crossed my arms and worked my slow mind as hard as it would go.</p>

      <p>The problem was: <em>how do I deal with Dina now?</em> To be honest, I couldn’t just kill her. It was true that she was very useful, and I couldn’t bring myself to hate her. No matter if she was using me or not, I owed her. Without her I’d have been completely lost.</p>

      <p><em>Still, if I let her go, I have no idea what she’ll do. Even if she wanted to beat the Devil King, she doesn’t seem the type to choose her methods, and I can’t stand for her involving Svel or Gjallar.</em></p>

      <p><em>...There’s no other way.</em></p>

      <p>“All right then. Continue to serve us.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“We will pretend this never happened.”</p>

      <p>Dina tricked and tried to use me. But so what? Did that cause me any harm? Did I take a loss in any way?</p>

      <p>—No, I didn’t. In fact, I profited quite a bit.</p>

      <p><em>Also, Dina’s final goal of exterminating the devilfolk actually isn’t that far off from my own in the end. I won’t go as far as to actively want them all dead, but as long as I am Lufas, I probably won’t be able to avoid a confrontation with the Devil King.</em></p>

      <p>Then it would be better to actually employ Dina, who had an in with the devilfolk, and use that to my advantage.</p>

      <p>“Uh-uhh, are you sure? I...”</p>

      <p>“No problem. You have helped us a lot in this world, and We owe you for that, after all. We are not so short-sighted as to execute you without having returned that favor. Also...” The edges of my mouth tilted upwards, as I looked down upon a dumbfounded Dina. “Having a mysterious and inscrutable advisor sounds fun. In a way, having a dangerous subordinate is something of a staple.”</p>

      <p>“...Umm, you’re really a player inside, right? You sure you’re not actually Lufas who just has a player’s memories?”</p>

      <p>“Haha, now, We wonder... This state where our memories have been mixing has continued for so long. We know We are changing. Is this idea something from ‘Lufas,’ or from the ‘player?’ It’s hard to tell.”</p>

      <p><em>Exactly. I have probably ceased to be just ‘myself’ long ago. I don’t feel anything after killing something, and I don’t hesitate to fight, either. Both of those things would be unthinkable if I were still ‘me.’ But that also doesn’t mean that I’m ‘Lufas.’</em></p>

      <p><em>At the very least, I’m not as ruthless as the rumors I hear about her, and I can’t bring myself to be that stern, either.</em> If the real Lufas were here, she might have simply lopped off Dina’s head on the spot.</p>

      <p><em>Anyway, we’re probably mixing nicely or something. Probably. But at the very least, my sense of ‘self’ still exists, and there aren’t any missing pieces in my consciousness, so I’m not feeling any fear, either.</em></p>

      <p>“More than anything, you are the first comrade We met. We don’t mind ignoring some pranks.”</p>

      <p>Both Megrez and Merak weren’t who I’d been hoping they were. Judging from that, Benetnasch probably wasn’t a player, either. So, that would make Dina and I the only irregulars in this world.</p>

      <p>I held out my hand to Dina, who was still on the ground, and smiled.</p>

      <p>“Come with us and use your knowledge and power to the fullest for our sake.”</p>

      <p>For a while, Dina stared at my outstretched hand in a daze. But eventually she let out a laugh that sounded like she was doing a spit take and looked up at me. “I should have expected this, Miss Lufas. You really are just as I anticipated... No, you’re even better. As expected, you are the only one who can defeat the Devil King and unify this world.”</p>

      <p><em>No, well, I don’t really want to unify the world or anything, though.</em></p>

      <p>Dina, regardless of my thoughts, took my hand and stood up.</p>

      <p>“I happily accept your royal order, my master. Then, let me be your faithful advisor until the day the Devil King lies defeated.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. We will be counting on you.”</p>

      <p>“As you wish.”</p>

      <p>Dina firmly gripped my hand, and I took a look behind me. That was just about when Aries and the others, who’d sensed the magic that was going on, arrived.</p>

      <p><em>Now, then. How should I smooth this over?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The Sky King, Merak, sat in his throne room.</p>

      <p>Several men with white wings had been marched in front of him. Every single one of them had conspired to attack and destroy the black town. Even if they were just people who had been caught in Jupiter’s sweet lies, they were still rebels that had formed a ‘volunteer army.’</p>

      <p>Even though they never gained permission from Merak, they were running their mouths off, spouting excuses. This was yet another sign that they underestimated Merak as a king.</p>

      <p>“This is too much, my liege! We only acted for the good of our country!”</p>

      <p>“Exactly! Everything was for the good of this country!”</p>

      <p>“It’s true that we were fooled by the devilfolk, but at the root of it all, we only tried to return this country to its proper state!”</p>

      <p>Thus came the storm of excuses which could only be described as rude.</p>

      <p>They had gotten full of themselves. They were convinced that the king wouldn’t be able to boldly do anything. They knew they wouldn’t be punished. At the very worst, they would be placed under something like house arrest. Convinced of that, they fully looked down upon their king. On top of that, those whose jobs it should have been to reprimand that behavior were doing nothing.</p>

      <p>All of these actions were because everyone was unsatisfied with their king’s weak attitude...and also held disdain towards him.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Merak quietly closed his eyes and pondered. <em>I am the cause of this situation. My weak attitude is what brought about their impudence. That’s why I have to be the one to fix this.</em></p>

      <p>Having decided that, he generated a sense of pressure so it was like the heavens themselves pressed down on the people in the room.</p>

      <p>“You all... Just who gave you permission to speak?”</p>

      <p>Instantly, everyone else there felt like they were being pushed downwards by a giant arm.</p>

      <p>It was a talent that all heaven-winged were born with, one to force others to submit. It was originally something given to them by god in order for them to tame monsters, but these people had never been subject to such violent and immense pressure their entire lives. It was a pressure unique to Merak, who was level 500—a king’s pressure. Being subjected to that, the people were forced to recognize for the first time that the one in front of them was the Sky King.</p>

      <p>“I do not remember allowing you to raise your heads, let alone speak... You not only ignored that but started talking as you pleased... On top of that, it was just to try to shift the responsibility... ...Hey, all of you... Should I take this to mean that you all are fine with having your heads fly for lèse-majesté?”</p>

      <p>The men, subjected to their king’s pressure, had suddenly started to shiver and shake in a cold sweat even though it was way too late.</p>

      <p>‘I want to say no.’</p>

      <p>‘I want to shake my head.’</p>

      <p>‘But I can’t.’</p>

      <p>Their bodies were so frozen in fear they couldn’t even do that.</p>

      <p>“I have been extremely tolerant with all of you. I took you all in when you lost your homes and even gave you your own town. I have ignored some level of rudeness and have acted so as not to frighten you. ...But it seems that I was mistaken.”</p>

      <p>The pressure got even stronger. It was already in the realm of assault. It was becoming hard for the men to breathe, and even the guards who were not being directly exposed to Merak’s pressure were breathing heavily, their legs shaking.</p>

      <p>“—Do not expect me to remain kind forever.”</p>

      <p>He was watching them like a raptor watched its prey. There was an insurmountable difference between them, a gap in power that could never be bridged. All of them instinctively noticed that, and they were all controlled by fear.</p>

      <p>‘Scary. So terrifying!’</p>

      <p>The king that they had only thought of as weak-willed and pathetic suddenly became much scarier than any devilfolk.</p>

      <p>The pressure lifted a little, and the first action the men, who had gained some measure of their freedom back, took was to prostrate themselves. Their foreheads scraped the ground like they were positively groveling for forgiveness, and they begged for mercy through their chattering teeth.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t just them. Even the ministers and the knights were the same in expressing their submission and fealty. They couldn’t help themselves.</p>

      <p>‘We were wrong.’</p>

      <p>‘This man is our true king.’</p>

      <p>‘He is the king of the sky, who unifies all the heaven-winged.’</p>

      <p>Like that, Merak looked down upon his prostrating people and somehow managed to swallow back the sigh that was coming up.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>