<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_4">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>Hm, I have the opportunity. Why not take a look at Libra’s stats?</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Twelve Heavenly Stars: Libra</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 910</p>

      <p>【Race】: Artificial Life Form</p>

      <p>【Attribute】: Metal</p>

      <p>【HP】: 120000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 0</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 6500</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 6900</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 7020</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 1300</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 5100</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 1350</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 1600<br/> /&gt;</p>

      <p><em>Hm, no change at all from what I remember of her stats.</em></p>

      <p>Her SP was 0 now, but that was the same for all golems.</p>

      <p>Golems didn’t expend SP in order to use skills. Instead, they had a limit to the number of times they could use their skills. And that limit only recovered every twenty-four hours. That was why Libra could only shoot Brachium once, and there was no point at all in having her learn skills that used SP.</p>

      <p>In exchange, their HP could get incredibly high compared to regular people, depending on the materials that had been used. This was especially true for Libra. She was a broken golem with boss-class HP, probably because her starting materials had been so good. Only Alchemist class skills could heal her though, so just having HP didn’t necessarily mean she was tough.</p>

      <p>For example: Aries had much lower max HP than Libra, but thanks to his HP auto-regenerating skill, he was unexpectedly tough. If the two of them were to actually fight, though, it’d be over before said toughness could ever come into play. Aries would die in one shot to Brachium.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, my master: Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Good. Do you feel all right?”</p>

      <p>“There are no problems. Thank you for your concern.”</p>

      <p>She was no longer speaking with a voice mixed with white noise, like a broken radio, but with a beautiful, flowing voice. I felt relieved as soon as I heard it. <em>Looks like she’s really okay.</em></p>

      <p>Libra noticed Aries next and bowed to him as well.</p>

      <p>“It has been a long time, Aries. As usual, your outer appearance does not match with your actual gender.”</p>

      <p>“<em>That’s</em> the first thing you say to me in two hundred years?!”</p>

      <p>After teasing Aries about his appearance and bringing him to tears, Libra looked off and faced Dina next. She performed another elegant bow.</p>

      <p>“Pleased to meet you, unknown person. I apologize deeply for causing so much trouble.”</p>

      <p>“This again?!”</p>

      <p><em>Yep. Exactly as I expected.</em></p>

      <p>I’d thought this would happen when the other golems in the grave couldn’t recognize Dina. It looked like Libra didn’t remember Dina, either.</p>

      <p>She was the same as Aries and I, and as fellow people who didn’t remember Dina, I felt a strange kinship with Libra.</p>

      <p>“Libra, she is our advisor. Her name is Dina. Her presence was weak, but she was here two hundred years ago.”</p>

      <p>“...!?! What...did you say...? Does that mean her stealth is so strong she doesn’t even remain in my memories...?!”</p>

      <p>“No way am I that forgettable! You’re gonna make me cry!”</p>

      <p>Dina was already half in tears. She grabbed Libra’s shoulders and pulled her face close.</p>

      <p>“See, it’s me! Me! Look closely! Aren’t I in your memories somewhere?!”</p>

      <p>“... ...No, you are not in any corresponding memories. However, I have found some damaged data due to two hundred years of wear. I expect memories pertaining to Dina to be within this data.”</p>

      <p><em>Hmmm, I’d kinda thought that a golem like Libra might have been able to remember Dina, but looks like that isn’t the case. Dina’s got bad luck.</em></p>

      <p>To think that her memory had been damaged, of all things, and that the data pertaining to Dina was part of that. <em>Isn’t that basically harassment at this point?</em></p>

      <p>“Restoration will take a couple months, but it is possible. Until then, I will register Dina as a tentative advisor.”</p>

      <p>“Tentative?!”</p>

      <p>Dina’s expression grew more and more stricken the more Libra, who always stuck to her own tempo, talked. Even so, Libra never seemed like she paid that any mind.</p>

      <p><em>Well, she’s actually completely expressionless, so it’s hard to tell what she’s thinking anyway. </em>But, given how she had guarded my grave even while being worn to tatters like that, I wouldn’t doubt her loyalty, at least. Her face was frozen like a mask, but she must have had a burning soul somewhere inside... <em>Probably. I bet.</em></p>

      <p>“Libra, We must ask. Do you know what any of the other Twelve Stars are doing?”</p>

      <p>“My apologies. I have been concentrating my efforts on guarding your grave this entire time, so I do not have much information on the outside world.”</p>

      <p>Libra’s reply was just as disappointing as I had expected.</p>

      <p>Since she was inside the grave this entire time, there was no way for her to get information from the outside. Luckily, there were still four stars left of the six Dina knew about, so there was no real need to rush on the information front.</p>

      <p>“So, Dina. Where is the next of the Twelve Stars?”</p>

      <p>“Next is... Let’s see... It’s a little far, but Parthenos the ‘Maiden’ has built a small settlement at the base of a mountain 2000 km west of here, where she is currently living in hiding.”</p>

      <p>“A settlement?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. She constructed a barrier to protect powerless monsters and trees from outside threats and has been living disconnected from the outer world.”</p>

      <p><em>Ohh, how decent of her.</em> I was proud that she wasn’t actively causing trouble for others.</p>

      <p>I was a little worried, since she’d shut herself in, but I thought that could be solved later. At the very least, there wouldn’t be an increase in victims if we left her alone, unlike how it was with Aries and Libra.</p>

      <p>“Also, umm... That mountain was where you were born, Miss Lufas. She chased away all the heaven-winged who were living there and turned it into a holy site after she began occupying it...”</p>

      <p><em>I take it all back. She really did do something bad.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“YES! IT’S A SUCCESS!”</p>

      <p>The heart of Laevateinn—the country of swords—was its capital, with its center being the palace’s audience hall.</p>

      <p>It was a place for the king to have an audience with others, so it was definitely not the sort of place one normally caused a fuss. But right now, the place was undoubtedly playing host to cheers of great joy.</p>

      <p>In the middle of all this was a young, black-haired boy who was probably still in his teens. He was confused over whatever had just happened to him a moment ago.</p>

      <p>Who knew what started it.</p>

      <p>The boy, who lived in Japan, simply finished school for the day, gave it his all in his club activities, and went home as per usual. But that routine was interrupted by an unusual voice.</p>

      <p>“To the one who can hear this voice. Please, save us.”</p>

      <p>It was a voice pleading for help.</p>

      <p>It was a very nebulous thing. The boy didn’t know who was asking, where they were, what situation they were in, or even what kind of help they needed.</p>

      <p>The boy had no reason or duty to answer the cry, much less a voice that echoed in the back of his mind, the height of creepy. Normally people felt fear and doubt before any sort of sense of justice. Most likely, nobody would blame a person for ignoring the voice and running from the situation.</p>

      <p>Humans feared the unknown. How could someone claim it would be a bad move to fear or run from a disembodied voice?</p>

      <p>But the boy was abnormally softhearted. He had a screw loose, or he might have completely lost it.</p>

      <p>If there was ever anyone in trouble, he wanted to help. If there was ever anyone lost, he wanted to reach out and lend a hand. His innate goodness was a virtue. The boy didn’t have a shred of doubt nor an ounce of hesitation. He was called and he earnestly wished to help.</p>

      <p>The defining nature of a hero was that spirit that thought, <em>I want to help,</em> instead of harboring any doubt.</p>

      <p>But for a person, that wish clearly lacked a sense of danger or even self-preservation. It was a completely reckless and thoughtless action. Put bluntly, reason was abandoned in favor of emotion.</p>

      <p>That was why the gate formed and the summoning through Exgate succeeded. He disappeared from the country called Japan, even though the summoning needed heartfelt acceptance from the summoned party.</p>

      <p>—The Hero Summoning was a success.</p>

      <p>The news would travel between countries near instantly.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>It was dark, as if the space was enclosed in something dense enough to let no light through. But strangely, I could see in the darkness. I could clearly make out my arms and legs, and I could walk sure-footedly.</p>

      <p>That’s why I thought, <em>Ahh, this is a dream.</em></p>

      <p>As I walked in the darkness, I eventually came upon a room that I recognized.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t in the world of Mizgarz, which I was becoming more familiar with recently. I was in a room of some house in modern Japan. I was surrounded by white walls, daily necessities scattered across the floor, and the bookshelves overflowed with manga and light novels.</p>

      <p>This should be... Yeah, it’s “my” room.</p>

      <p>Everything was exactly as I remembered it—the placement of the furniture as well as the PC on the desk.</p>

      <p><em>But... Why?</em></p>

      <p><em>Why do I feel no attachment to this place? I don’t feel nostalgic. The room doesn’t feel familiar, nor do I feel at peace.</em> It was as if I’d just visited the room of somebody I didn’t know, even though I should’ve recognized this place.</p>

      <p><em>I’m feeling a really strong sense of incongruity.</em></p>

      <p><em>Strange.</em></p>

      <p><em>Is there something wrong with me?</em> Why was it I felt nothing when I was in the place where I’d been living for a long while, even though I felt some amount of nostalgia when I saw Aries?</p>

      <p>I looked over at the PC, which was left on.</p>

      <p>...It was displaying the title screen of a very familiar game: <em>Exgate Online</em>.</p>

      <p>But it was weirdly blurred, kind of like it was mosaiced...as if one game screen was slapped on top of a different game. The looks were mismatched.</p>

      <p>And that wasn’t all. There was a window open, and it displayed something I should have been engrossed with without a doubt.</p>

      <p>But when I took another look...</p>

      <p>Suddenly, my shoulder was grabbed from behind.</p>

      <p>I saw thin, white fingers. The grip’s strength was disturbingly strong, and I couldn’t resist.</p>

      <p>By the time I had even thought to resist, it was already too late. I had been out of time as soon as I was discovered. <em>I’ll just have to wait until my next chance.</em></p>

      <p>And my consciousness was forcefully pulled from my dream.</p>

      <p>“—Miss! Miss Lufas!”</p>

      <p>...I opened my eyes.</p>

      <p>The first thing I saw was Dina’s face as she shook me. Next, I saw Aries and Libra standing next to me.</p>

      <p>“You need to wake up already, Miss Lufas. We’re going to Vanaheim, right?”</p>

      <p>“...Y-yeah... You’re right.”</p>

      <p>The haziness lifted from my consciousness and everything came into sharp focus.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, that’s right. I remember now; that was our destination.</em></p>

      <p><em>I get the feeling that I was in a really deep sleep.</em></p>

      <p>“Sorry. We had a strange dream.”</p>

      <p>“—What kind of dream?”</p>

      <p>“...Ahh, that’s... ...No, what kind was it......? Sorry, We cannot seem to remember. It felt like a strangely important dream, but We just cannot seem to remember.”</p>

      <p><em>What was it, I wonder? I get the feeling I was having a pretty important dream, but I totally can’t remember a thing.</em></p>

      <p><em>Well, I get that dreams are just like that, though. I’ve heard that people only remember dreams for about five minutes after they wake up.</em></p>

      <p>I really felt this dream was personally important somehow, but it very well could’ve been that I just thought that way and the dream itself was nothing special. I guess there wasn’t much reason to keep stressing over it.</p>

      <p>I got in Tanaka, and we made for my hometown, “Vanaheim.”</p>

      <p>It was a small country on top of a mountain that was inhabited by the self-proclaimed ‘children of heaven,’ the heaven-winged... Well, it was more like a village. I remember that I—Lufas—also didn’t break tradition and set this location as my birthplace.</p>

      <p>But, I had these black wings. I’d never thought of any really detailed backstory, but it wasn’t a stretch to imagine that I most likely had been persecuted.</p>

      <p>While I was playing the game, there were so many heaven-winged with such gaudy wing colors that my black almost seemed normal. It felt more like, <em>I was prejudiced against black wings (lol).</em> I mean, there were people who changed the color of each of their feathers and turned their wings into pictures. I was totally on the normal side of things.</p>

      <p>“It’s about nightfall. Let’s stop here.”</p>

      <p>Tanaka didn’t need a driver, so even if we left it alone it would just keep going. But sometimes it would try to go in some weird directions, and if it spotted a monster on the way it would chase it to try to attack. Someone needed to be awake to rein it in. That was probably why Dina woke me up.</p>

      <p>Tanaka may have looked like a car, but it was a golem. In other words, it’d automatically attack enemies like an automated turret. We couldn’t allow ourselves to forget that.</p>

      <p>If I’d equipped it with the max AI level of 5 like Libra, we could have given it detailed instructions, like to avoid unnecessary battles. But it wasn’t, and we couldn’t let our guards down even with AI level 4.</p>

      <p>Put simply, it was like this certain priest who kept hurling instant-death magic at enemies that were immune to it from this certain popular RPG. With that level of idiocy in mind, I think it should be understandable why we couldn’t let our guards down.</p>

      <p>“If that’s the case, Miss Lufas, there’s a perfect country just up ahead.”</p>

      <p>“Country?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Actually, in terms of borders, we’re already in the country... Just a little bit ahead, you’ll find the capital of the country, ‘Gjallarhorn.’ It’s the country founded by one of the Seven Heroes, the ‘Sky King’ Merak, and is inhabited by the heaven-winged.”</p>

      <p><em>One of the still-living Seven Heroes, huh? Meeting him is one of my goals alongside retrieving the Twelve Heavenly Stars.</em></p>

      <p>But the knowledge that it was a country of heaven-winged founded by Merak stopped me from making a decision. No matter how I thought about it, stepping into a country of heaven-winged was a recipe for disaster. Of course, I didn’t have any plans of getting captured or killed. Even if they tried it, we could totally beat them back now that Aries and Libra were here.</p>

      <p>I also just don’t like kicking up a fuss.</p>

      <p><em>No matter how I shake it, I’m like a landmine to these people, not to mention the fact that one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars is currently occupying their old home.</em></p>

      <p><em>Still, it’s not like anything will change if I put this off. We might as well go.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m gonna have to hide my entire body again, won’t I?</em> The heaven-winged had long lifespans, so there were probably a lot of people who remembered my face.</p>

      <p>“Understood. Let us stop there for the night. We do not much enjoy the idea, though.”</p>

      <p>Given that there were only three of the Seven Heroes left, we couldn’t avoid this.</p>

      <p>Feeling like a criminal headed for the gallows, I kept Tanaka running. Just as Dina said, we saw the capital ahead.</p>

      <p>My first impression was—<em>What a strange country</em>. That was basically it.</p>

      <p>It was incredibly white. They completely ignored aesthetic sense and color balance. It was just as white as could be. It was impossible to tell which buildings were housing and which were for some other purpose. It was all white, lacking in individuality.</p>

      <p>Next was the location.</p>

      <p>For some reason, all the buildings were facing a cliff. Actually, it was more like they were shoved onto the cliffside, as if clinging to it.</p>

      <p><em>Just why would they bother building like this, even though there was perfectly good land elsewhere?</em></p>

      <p>It reminded me of a Grecian town that I saw in a picture once, but this was even worse.</p>

      <p>At the very least, they’d given a sparing thought to tourists and built stairs that led up to the city, but it honestly looked hard to traverse.</p>

      <p>It was totally a town built upon the premise that everybody could fly.</p>

      <p>And even stranger, across from the cliff was a second cliff, also with a town built upon it. But unlike the first side, the buildings here were all black. As with the first side, the second town was built under the assumption that people would be able to fly and seemed completely unsuited for those who couldn’t.</p>

      <p>There was a white palace built on top of the mountain in between both towns, giving off a strong presence.</p>

      <p>“What is this idiotic capital?”</p>

      <p>“It looks really hard to walk through...”</p>

      <p>Seeing a city made up of two separate towns on either side of a mountain—and colored black and white on top of that—was stranger than fiction in my opinion. Likewise, Aries seemed to be of the same opinion, an exasperated look on his face.</p>

      <p>Well, making the towns two different colors was fine, honestly. At that level, it could be explained away by saying it was the design or aesthetic of the place.</p>

      <p>But white and black is way too extreme a difference. They seemed like completely different cities at first with one side completely white and the other completely black.</p>

      <p>Just what was Merak thinking when he founded this place?</p>

      <p>“Dina, what is this?”</p>

      <p>“Uhh...Well, I’ve heard that this country is split into two factions and is currently going through something of a small civil war.”</p>

      <p>“Factions?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. There’s the ‘White Wing Supremacy’ faction, which maintains that white wings have been the heaven-winged’s pride since olden times and will continue to be. Then, there’s the ‘Mixed Wings Promotion’ faction, which opposes that viewpoint. As you know, the heaven-winged have always been fixated on the whiteness of their wings, and those with different colors will experience oppression and persecution. Ever since you disappeared, that tendency has only gotten stronger.”</p>

      <p>I got a terrible feeling while listening to Dina’s explanation, causing cold sweat to drip down my cheek.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Could this be my fault? Like, because someone bad like me came out of the heaven-winged with different colors, things have gotten worse?</em></p>

      <p>“I think you remember that during your reign, Miss Lufas, you outlawed persecution and oppression because of the color of one’s wings. But once you left, the white-winged ones started to strongly spread their opinion saying they really were better. In response, those with different-colored wings pressed for equal rights. Both sides have been arguing for almost two hundred years.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh no. This is totally my fault.</em></p>

      <p><em>Wait, what did she mean outlawed oppression and persecution? I don’t ever remember giving out that order!</em> In the first place, it wasn’t unusual no matter what color wings a heaven-winged had, so of course I wouldn’t have cared about any of that.</p>

      <p><em>Looks like this is totally something that this world’s ‘Lufas’ has done and I haven’t.</em></p>

      <p>“What’s Merak doing?”</p>

      <p>“Merak has taken a neutral stance and is somehow stopping both sides from actually coming to blows, but it doesn’t seem to be working.”</p>

      <p>“...He’s got his own share of troubles, huh...?”</p>

      <p>“What an incompetent man.”</p>

      <p>“Libra. You shouldn’t be saying that.”</p>

      <p>From what I remembered, Merak was the attentive kind of guy who paid attention to the atmosphere of the room and watched what he said so as to not anger anyone. At the very least, he wasn’t the incompetent man that Libra claimed him to be.</p>

      <p>If even he couldn’t do anything about this fight, it must have been pretty deeply rooted. And since the reason for it lay with me, I couldn’t just let it pass without doing anything.</p>

      <p>“So, where do we go? White? Or black?”</p>

      <p>“...Let’s go with black first. They’re most likely the ‘Mixed Wings Promotion’ side.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p><em>I get the feeling I’ll just cause all sorts of trouble if I go to the white-wings side, so let’s head for the somewhat friendlier-seeming mixed-wings side first.</em> Of course, I didn’t have any intention of revealing my true identity, but being prepared was never wrong.</p>

      <p>“Master likes black... I have added that fact into memory. Next time, I will select black underwear.”</p>

      <p>“What the hell are you talking about?”</p>

      <p>As usual, Libra was saying weird things with a completely expressionless face, so for the moment I just made sure to poke holes in what she was saying. I couldn’t really tell from her expression whether she was actually serious or just trying to make a joke. I would have been able to tell if, like, Dina was making the joke or something, though. And Aries was totally innocent, so his face had gone all red.</p>

      <p>“Of course, I am talking about picking clothes for you, master. Or should I wear them and show off the perfect amount to maintain decency?”</p>

      <p>“...No, it’s fine.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. White it is. So you are mainstream.”</p>

      <p>“No, We’re not for either of them.”</p>

      <p>“...?! No way... Commando...?!”</p>

      <p><em>Hey, this thing’s broken.</em></p>

      <p>Without speaking a word, I smacked Libra upside the head.</p>

      <p><em>Is this hunk of junk all right? Her thought patterns are weird. She should be AI level 5, but did Mizar teach her something weird, or what?</em></p>

      <p>Aries was completely unable to keep up with the conversation and was just flailing around. If we didn’t stock up the party with some more people who had common sense he’d be stranded.</p>

      <p><em>Wanted: someone who can call Libra out on her shit.</em></p>

      <p>“At any rate, we will head for the black town first. Tanaka, you hide behind a nearby rock or something.”</p>

      <p>“Y E S, B O S S.”</p>

      <p>The rest of us got off, and under Libra’s instruction, Tanaka entered the shadow of a nearby boulder. Once he was tucked in safely, Libra took out a large square of cloth from somewhere and covered Tanaka before joining us.</p>

      <p>Yeah, she actually was really useful if she tried. She only did stuff that anyone could do, but her actions were quick and without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“So, how are we getting in? There seem to be some stairs at least, but...” Dina said, pointing at the stairs with a reluctant look.</p>

      <p>There was, in fact, a set of stairs so people could climb into town. But they were just incredibly long with hundreds—no, thousands—of steps. If we were to try to climb up them it’d be dawn before we got into town.</p>

      <p>“Please rest assured. I will carry everyone. Program selection: Skill: ‘Sky Jet’ activate,” Libra stated confidently.</p>

      <p>At the same time, her back opened up, allowing something like a jetpack to appear and activate. It was a mystery how she could fit it inside her body, but apparently, she could fly.</p>

      <p>It was actually just a skill for golems though—Sky Jet.</p>

      <p>An item to teach a golem skills could be bought in-game for about 200,000 el, and I’d had Libra learn quite a lot of them. <em>But did the skill always look this...sciencey? What happened to the fantasy genre tag...?</em></p>

      <p>Libra took my right hand, Aries was locked against her left flank like she was carrying a barrel, and her left hand grasped Dina’s nape. Dina made a strangled noise that should never have come out of a girl, but Libra didn’t seem to care.</p>

      <p>And with an incredible feeling of acceleration and booming sound, her verniers fired and we rose up into the air.</p>

      <p><em>Wai—! You! ...Stop! Stop! This’ll wake up everyone in town! Libra, stop! STOOOOOOOOOP?!</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“—So, what are you going to do about this, Libra?”</p>

      <p>“We have safely landed in the city. I judge that there are no problems, master.”</p>

      <p>“There are huge problems, fool!”</p>

      <p>Carried by Libra, we safely made it inside the country of Gjallarhorn—<em>that’s too long, Gjallar will do</em>—inside the country of Gjallar, but the method of travel was far too problematic.</p>

      <p>She’d used her skill, Sky Jet, to carry us in. But it was the middle of the night, and we were moving by jet propulsion, making a thunderous roar. It wasn’t a reach to see that people would be woken up by it, and as a result, we were currently being shot suspicious gazes from people who’d been rustled out of their homes.</p>

      <p><em>Uhh, sorry. Sorry for making noise this late.</em></p>

      <p>“You can’t do that, Libra. If you make so much noise at this time of night, you’ll wake people up.”</p>

      <p>“That is no problem, Aries. From my analysis, none of those who have woken up have enough combat capability to become a threat. I will be enough to deal with them all. None of them will be an obstacle to master, even if they are awake.”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not why......”</p>

      <p>I wanted to facepalm after hearing Aries and Libra talk. <em>What do I do? This maid golem has no concept of causing trouble for other people.</em></p>

      <p>Was it because all I had done was make her fight in the game? All of her decisions were made only thinking about combat ability and threats.</p>

      <p>NPCs wouldn’t wake up no matter how much noise someone might have been making, since it was a game.</p>

      <p><em>Is that why Libra doesn’t know how to consider these kinds of things?</em></p>

      <p>“Excuse me, just who are you people...?” A man who looked to be in his mid-30s spoke.</p>

      <p>Since heaven-winged were both long-lived, and spent most of that lifespan in prime physical condition, this man was most likely around a thousand years old. His wings were a slightly dull grey and couldn’t be called pretty even as pure flattery.</p>

      <p>And it wasn’t just him. All the people looking at us from afar had irregularly colored wings. None of them went as far as to have black wings like me, but there were people with almost blue or red colors, too.</p>

      <p><em>Looks like this place really was the mixed-winged faction’s town.</em></p>

      <p>“Oh my, sorry for all this so late at night. I’m a free merchant by the name of Dina. We have taken the liberty of stopping by at this time, but due to a mistake we’ve accidentally woken you all up. I deeply apologize for causing you all trouble.”</p>

      <p>“We are Sfalu, also a free merchant. Sorry we bothered you all.”</p>

      <p>“Uhh, I’m Aries. Also a free merchant?”</p>

      <p>“My name is Copernicus the IVth, a golem tasked with guarding these three.”</p>

      <p>As we introduced ourselves, I made sure to add in an apology. I kind of hated my speech pattern in situations like this, since I couldn’t stop sounding high-and-mighty.</p>

      <p>Libra both gave herself a weird job and a name that was full of places to poke holes in. <em>Can she just not read the situation at all? Ahh, well, I guess it’s better than using her real name?</em></p>

      <p>Unlike Aries, Libra hadn’t changed her outer appearance at all. If she were to use her real name there’d be a really high chance she’d be outed as the real thing. <em>But, Copernicus? What the hell?</em></p>

      <p>“O-ohh, so you’re all merchants? What a novel way to come into town.”</p>

      <p><em>You don’t have to try so hard to praise us, old guy. I know it was a ridiculous way to enter already, so you can get mad if you like.</em></p>

      <p>But instead of getting mad, he welcomed us with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Your long journey must have been tiring. My house also doubles as an inn. Now please, come over if you’d like.”</p>

      <p>Dina and I reflexively looked at each other in response to the old man’s kind words.</p>

      <p>Not only did he not get mad at us for our awful way of letting ourselves in, he even offered to lead us to an inn with a smile. <em>What a good guy.</em> I even felt weirdly moved. All the while, we followed the old guy to the town’s inn.</p>

      <p>The inn was... <em>Is this marble? No, wait. It looks like it’s not just the inn.</em> All the buildings in this place were made of marble. I could tell due to the unique luster and beautiful speckles.</p>

      <p><em>I see. This country’s progressed really far in architectural techniques using marble. I bet there’s a really skilled alchemist around.</em></p>

      <p>“How much for a night?”</p>

      <p>“One room will be 25 el for a night.”</p>

      <p>The man replied to Dina’s question with a really fair price. 25 el would be about 5000 yen. So it would be 5000 yen a night for four people to stay. Considering that, it was actually surprisingly cheap.</p>

      <p>We quickly paid the fee and were led to our room.</p>

      <p>“This will be your room. Well then, enjoy yourselves.”</p>

      <p>The room we were led to was also walled with marble. It was a little much to relax in. But it wasn’t like there was no forethought made to guests. It wasn’t like the entire room was just surrounding you with gleaming marble on all sides, thankfully. There was a soft carpet laid on the floor as well as a vase of flowers.</p>

      <p>“Let’s leave aside thinking about an audience with Merak for tomorrow and just sleep for tonight. Aries is already nodding off, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Oh my.”</p>

      <p>It was already late today. I shouldn’t be talking, since we all just came in with a thunderous roar, but we should’ve been sleeping already.</p>

      <p>Libra, Dina, and I—a golem, someone who never seemed to sleep, and a gamer used to pulling all-nighters—were just fine. Aries was looking really sleepy, but he was still desperately trying to stay awake, as if he couldn’t possibly let himself sleep before me. His gallant dedication almost brought tears to my eyes.</p>

      <p><em>You know I’m not going to say anything tyrannical like that you can’t sleep before me, so it’s okay to just go ahead and sleep?</em></p>

      <p>“Well then. Good night.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Good night.”</p>

      <p>Dina and I burrowed into our beds and closed our eyes.</p>

      <p>The bedding was a little hard, but given the fantasy setting, that was probably just par for the course.</p>

      <p>Libra didn’t seem like she wanted to sleep. She was simply standing in a corner of the room.</p>

      <p>Well, she was a golem so she probably just didn’t need to. I mean, she was awake for one hundred-ninety years straight when she was defending my grave.</p>

      <p>Anyway, if she wanted to sleep she’d probably just do so on her own, so there was no problem.</p>

      <p>After that thought, I let myself fall asleep.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>—Someone was yelling in an awful voice without a shred of kindness to it.</p>

      <p>A little girl was being yelled at angrily by a man with white wings who must have been her father, at least by blood.</p>

      <p>Parents yelled at their children. It wasn’t an especially rare thing; most people experienced this sometime in their lives. But this wasn’t anger due to concern for his child. There was only a selfish anger and a man simply venting his resentment at a little girl.</p>

      <p>“Did you seriously injure someone else’s kid again?! What did I say?! Don’t hurt other people!”</p>

      <p>“But, Father, they were the ones who hit me first, and a lot of them threw rocks at me. I was just trying to defend myself......”</p>

      <p>“Shut up!”</p>

      <p>A sharp sound echoed through the area.</p>

      <p>The young girl knew it was because of violence brought down upon her by the living thing that was her “father.”</p>

      <p>This always happened. This man never listened to what she had to say. He was simply playing at being her father, pretending to discipline her. But in reality, he only thought of himself.</p>

      <p>That was why he so quickly resorted to violence if whatever she had been doing didn’t please him. He would never have said anything out of concern for his child.</p>

      <p>Basically, he was only keeping up appearances. If the girl did anything, his reputation would worsen. That was why he pretended to scold her like this, shouting angrily like an idiot.</p>

      <p>“I don’t remember raising you to be like this! Where did I go wrong?! Huh?! Tell me!” The man yelled in his awful voice, and the girl agreed inwardly.</p>

      <p><em>Of course you don’t.</em></p>

      <p>After all, she didn’t remember the man raising her at all.</p>

      <p><em>All this man’s ever given me are jeers and violence.</em></p>

      <p><em>Where did you go wrong? Everywhere. In fact, I don’t remember you going right anywhere.</em></p>

      <p>“There are no parents who don’t love their children.”</p>

      <p>Those were just simple, pretty words spouted by someone clueless who probably basked in their parents’ love their whole life. They probably had a sage expression, too.</p>

      <p>There were tons of parents who didn’t love their children. Because they never wanted a child, or because the child was in the way, or because they were too noisy.</p>

      <p>Or, because their wings were black...</p>

      <p>For just those reasons, parental love could easily disappear.</p>

      <p>The little girl never received anything even resembling love from the piece of filth that was at the very least called her father.</p>

      <p>“...liar.”</p>

      <p>Leaving behind that single word, the girl ran. She didn’t want to have to hear the man’s voice anymore and couldn’t find any meaning in continuing to talk to him.</p>

      <p><em>That man is just a stranger. A stranger who just happens to share blood with me.</em></p>

      <p><em>So I’m not sad. This isn’t painful. These droplets of water running down my cheeks are not tears. They’re not.</em></p>

      <p>She ran.</p>

      <p>She simply ran without even knowing where she was running to.</p>

      <p>There was no place for her in this village.</p>

      <p>Just for having taboo black wings... For having black wings, she was alienated, neglected, and discriminated against. Even though it wasn’t like she was contagious or would spread illness, she had rocks thrown at her, and if she ever fought back it was her fault.</p>

      <p>Her only ally was her mother. But her mother was weak in constitution, and the girl didn’t want to worry her needlessly.</p>

      <p>But the presence of her mother was a saving grace to the girl, and if that didn’t exist, then she would probably have long fled the village.</p>

      <p><em>—Why did this have to happen to me? Why? Just because the color of my wings is different?</em></p>

      <p>There were heaven-winged other than her who didn’t have white wings. They all lived clinging to each other as people under the same circumstances often do in a place the sun didn’t reach, the exact definition of slums.</p>

      <p>If she’d gone there, she probably would have turned out differently.</p>

      <p>But she didn’t know what the thing called her father would do to her mother if she left the house. The violence pointed at her might have instead been pointed at her mother.</p>

      <p><em>—Why is the world this unfair? Why do we have to be this unhappy?</em></p>

      <p>She couldn’t stop herself from cursing god.</p>

      <p><em>A great god of creation? As if. Goddess of love? I’m gonna puke.</em></p>

      <p><em>If there really is a god that overflows with love and mercy, then why is the world so full of unfairness?</em></p>

      <p><em>There’s no point in praying. No one will reach out to help.</em></p>

      <p><em>—No one will save me.</em></p>

      <p>At such a young age, the little girl stopped relying on others.</p>

      <p><em>Since nobody will help me, I’ll just have to do it myself.</em></p>

      <p>She was still living at home and was given the bare minimum of food, but she didn’t know when that would stop. And more importantly, she had no intentions of continuing to live life like this.</p>

      <p>That was why she wished to become strong.</p>

      <p>She wanted to become strong enough to be able to wipe away all the irrationality and unfairness of the world.</p>

      <p><em>I’m still young and weak, but one day for sure...I’ll take Mom and get out of this miserable life.</em></p>

      <p>The black-winged girl, Lufas Maphaahl, vowed strongly to do so from the bottom of her heart.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“...What the hell was that dream?”</p>

      <p>I touched my palm to my forehead and opened my eyes.</p>

      <p><em>It was a strange dream... Yeah, a really strange dream.</em></p>

      <p>That was probably Lufas’ past, wasn’t it? At the very least, things happened that I had no memory of experiencing or even writing as backstory.</p>

      <p>Still, Lufas wasn’t just a game character. She existed in this world, so it was only natural for her to have parents. The fact that she was persecuted for her black wings was also something that was easy to figure out.</p>

      <p>I sunk into thought.</p>

      <p>Lufas should have existed before I became her. Since this body was not originally mine, that meant that something else was originally piloting this body. Should it be called the real Lufas’ soul?</p>

      <p><em>But right now, I’m the one who’s here. I—simply a player who doesn’t know anything of Lufas’ past—am here.</em></p>

      <p>So where did Lufas go? Did she get shot off somewhere when I arrived? Or was she still sleeping somewhere within this body?</p>

      <p><em>...Or maybe she’s still sealed in subspace, and I’m just a fake.</em></p>

      <p>But if I was a fake, then what was with Lufas’ memories being in this body? Why was I so angry just seeing a man I didn’t know who happened to be Lufas’ father in a dream...? Why was I so resentful of the unfairness and irrationality of the world? <em>How should I explain this wave of violently thrashing emotions?</em></p>

      <p>“...Master Lufas? It seems like your heart rate is spiking.”</p>

      <p>“Libra?”</p>

      <p>Libra—the only one who didn’t sleep—called out to me, seeming concerned.</p>

      <p>She seemed expressionless at first, but somehow I could sense the small variations in her emotions. She wasn’t emotionless. She definitely had a heart. And she adored and worried for me. Strangely, I felt as if we’d spent many years together.</p>

      <p>“There is no need for worry. We only dreamed of a distant past.”</p>

      <p>“A dream of the past, was it?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. We had something of a bad dream. We woke up feeling like a girl again... That was it. There is no reason for you to worry.”</p>

      <p><em>I can’t tell these people, can I?</em></p>

      <p><em>That I’m not actually Lufas but just an impostor?</em></p>

      <p><em>...I really can’t.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Now then, let us spend today sightseeing. All of you can move around in this capital as you please. But do not cause any trouble.”</p>

      <p>First thing in the morning, I announced to Dina and the others that we would be staying here for a while.</p>

      <p>I was interested in just what kind of country Merak had made for himself, and I was concerned about the living conditions of those with colored wings, like myself. I also had the personal objective of confirming whether Merak was like me or not, so there was no way I could leave this place that quickly.</p>

      <p>Given that Megrez was a resident of this world only, I’d half given up. But I did hold a little hope.</p>

      <p>The problem was how I would get in contact... Unlike Megrez, Merak had yet to give up the seat of the king.</p>

      <p>This country was only inhabited by the heaven-winged, after all. Their lifespans were different. Unlike Svel, which was also home to many humans, this place was just for the heaven-winged right from its founding. So unless he invited a big revolt or something, there was no way Merak would step off the throne in a mere two hundred years.</p>

      <p>In other words, Merak was even harder to make contact with than Megrez, who had retired.</p>

      <p>“Taking separate action... I have concluded this does not pose a problem in combat.”</p>

      <p>“Sightseeing, huh... Where should I go?”</p>

      <p>Libra and Aries didn’t raise any objections in particular and seemed eager to go sightseeing. Actually, I couldn’t really tell whether Libra was eager or not. On the other hand, Dina was very expressive and clearly seemed happy about the idea.</p>

      <p>“That sounds great. Then I’ll try going over to the white-winged faction’s town. I might find something fun over there.”</p>

      <p>It was much harder for me to go visit that side of the country, so if Dina went, that would actually help me a lot.</p>

      <p>Acting separately divided our power and invited more danger than normal, but that shouldn’t have been a problem with these people. Even if one of those Seven Luminaries or whatever came knocking, Aries and Libra had enough power to send them packing.</p>

      <p>As for Dina... I still wasn’t sure how much strength she had, but I got the feeling she had enough to at least stay cheekily safe. I wasn’t that worried. Not to mention, she had the ability to teleport. If things got dicey, she could just teleport directly to me.</p>

      <p>“Well then, let us split up for now. We will meet up at this inn later,” I said, leaving the inn.</p>

      <p>Dina went off somewhere right after I did, and Aries also ran off in a different direction.</p>

      <p>Libra... <em>Ah, she’s flying off somewhere with her jets again. I already told her to stop that, since it’s so loud. What am I going to do with her?</em></p>

      <p><em>Now then, I should go around this place myself.</em></p>

      <p>Now that I was out of the inn, I started walking around town.</p>

      <p>I kind of got the feeling that I was the center of attention, but I’d given up on avoiding it. It was only natural since I was covered head to toe in a red mantle.</p>

      <p>It’d be nice if I had a more, like...nicer way of disguising myself... <em>Maybe I could just take advantage of the “Lufas = Female” thing and dress as a guy? Since I’m already a guy inside, I shouldn’t make any big mistakes.</em></p>

      <p><em>Hm? Oh crap, isn’t this actually a good idea?</em></p>

      <p><em>Let’s try transmuting up a cross-dressing set as soon as I get back to the inn.</em></p>

      <p>“...Hm?”</p>

      <p>After walking for a while, I found myself in front of a building that reminded me of a Greek temple and was surrounded by several pillars. But while it looked like a temple, it was colored completely black.</p>

      <p><em>A pitch-black temple? Feels like it’s full of ill omens.</em></p>

      <p>But it’d piqued my interest, so I continued on into the temple.</p>

      <p>I was weirdly excited, wondering just what kind of evil deity would be enshrined inside. As far as deities of this world went, Alovenus was the creator and its only god.</p>

      <p>The ‘devil’ part of devilfolk kind of gave off the image of being a fallen deity, but they were actually nothing of the sort. They just took on the name as a sort of rebellion against Alovenus.</p>

      <p>Other than that, there were also the five dragons that governed the five elements outside of Metal and Water, which Alovenus presided over. But that was just fluff and never appeared in the game. The MMO aside, the dragons never even appeared in the TRPG or the console game. They were just phantom characters that only got mentioned in-setting.</p>

      <p><em>Now then, who’s being worshiped in here? Is it some sort of independent religion? Or is this not actually a temple?</em></p>

      <p>I went deeper and deeper into the temple, passing by other visitors who seemed to be here to pray, before I finally came upon the statue that was their object of worship.</p>

      <p><em>Long hair stretching down to the hips.</em></p>

      <p><em>Pitch-black wings.</em></p>

      <p><em>A unique sense of fashion with a mantle worn on top of a dress.</em></p>

      <p>That was unmistakably me, Lufas Maphaahl. Strangely enough, I was currently staring at a statue of myself.</p>

      <p>“This statue is...”</p>

      <p>I was dumbfounded.</p>

      <p>A gentle-sounding voice reached out to me. “Oh, how rare. A traveler?”</p>

      <p>I glanced over at the owner of the voice and saw a young man with red-black wings smiling back at me.</p>

      <p>His face was... Not great but not too bad, either? Unlike elves, who were all beautiful, the heaven-winged were normal or average-looking. It did kind of feel like we were better-looking than humans on average, but ugly heaven-winged were pretty normal.</p>

      <p>Although, the heaven-winged based their beauty on their wings, so no one really cared as long as someone wasn’t extremely ugly. And to be normal even amongst the normal-looking heaven-winged? This red-black-winged guy was... Well, he must have had his share of troubles.</p>

      <p>“You must be fairly surprised, seeing this statue.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, quite surprised. To think that this temple worships the infamous Great Conqueror,” I replied.</p>

      <p>The normal-faced young man seemed offended for an instant before his expression went back to normal.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Did I actually offend him by talking badly about Lufas? I was just saying the truth. The fact that he’s offended by that is kind of funny.</em></p>

      <p>I had the urge to laugh.</p>

      <p>“It’s true that to most of the world Lufas is an evil invader. However, to us, she is a savior.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? ...We’d like to know more about that.”</p>

      <p>Apparently this country...rather, this faction had an impression of me that was far removed from the greater world.</p>

      <p>I decided to listen to him a little longer. I figured that if I did, I’d get to hear of a side of Lufas that I didn’t know of before.</p>

      <p>“Did you know that the heaven-winged are a race that pride themselves on the whiteness of their wings?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, We know that well. They claim to be descendants of angels, and that is why the whiteness of their wings marks them as superior, which is unique to the heaven-winged, correct?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. However, just because one is heaven-winged doesn’t mean that they will be born with white wings. Some, like me, are born with different-colored wings.”</p>

      <p>Standards of beauty for the heaven-winged were mostly concerned with the color of one’s wings, with the shape of their wings being next. One’s face, body shape, and the like were next after that, so people like him with odd-colored wings got looked on with disgust.</p>

      <p>Those with pure-white wings were not very common, though. Most heaven-winged had wings in a dim white that was pretty close to gray. I’d guess that having wings that were at least a light gray would barely be in the safe zone.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, the closer to black one got, the more alienated they were. Of course, with my pitch-black wings, I was basically a pariah. And people like him, with wings that were an entirely different color, were immediately out of the running as well.</p>

      <p>“With my position, it used to be really bad. Right now, we have our own town, so we’re able to live pretty well. But in the past, it really was awful. We weren’t even considered the same species. Just by walking down the street we’d be pointed and laughed at. We had no choice but to cling to other people in the same circumstances, living miserably in what were basically slums. Can you believe that? Just by having slightly different-colored wings we can’t even get decent jobs. We were constantly starving back then.”</p>

      <p>The things he was talking about weren’t just limited to the heaven-winged.</p>

      <p>People discriminated against others over the littlest of things, and mob psychology tended to make them think they were in the right. Once someone thought they were superior, reason no longer held them back, and even good people easily turned into demons or monsters.</p>

      <p>In the “Stanford Prison Experiment” twenty-one subjects flipped a coin which separated them into jailers and prisoners. As a result, the jailers, which were treated as on top, quickly went berserk and far exceeded the calling of their station, oppressing the other students who had just happened to be prisoners.</p>

      <p>In the end, the students who played the role of prisoners experienced severe emotional trauma, and the experiment had to be canceled in a mere six days. But the students who were jailers wanted to continue, claiming that wasn’t what was planned. Even then, they knew this was all an experiment, and their prisoners were innocent.</p>

      <p>In other words, as soon as a human felt like only they should be on top, their sense of goodwill flew out the window and they became demons. Everyone had the capability to do this. So the heaven-winged, who claimed to be the descendants of angels, were no exception. They just thoughtlessly intensified their discrimination based on an easy-to-discern difference like the color of their wings.</p>

      <p><em>Still, they’re taking it too far, from what I’m hearing. Descendants of angels? Don’t make me laugh.</em></p>

      <p>“Almost every day we lived in fear, hiding from the outside world. It was miserable... Those days were truly wretched. But she was different.” He looked up, speaking passionately and longingly. “Her wings were black, but more beautiful than anyone’s. She used power to assert her presence and value, unlike us, who simply curled up in fear. And she dominated country after country, forbidding discrimination against heaven-winged who didn’t have white wings in each one under her umbrella, allowing us to be treated as people.”</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, yeah...</em></p>

      <p><em>Like, getting buttered up like this to my face makes my back really itch.</em> I didn’t hate getting complimented, but this was just too much. It made me uncomfortable.</p>

      <p>“It is all thanks to her that we were able to take back our pride. We aren’t miserable failures... We are proper heaven-winged who just happen to have different-colored wings. We were able to be proud of that fact.”</p>

      <p>“You sure put her on a high pedestal. But didn’t one of her subordinates, one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, steal your homeland?”</p>

      <p>“I did not forget about that. But isn’t that just what we deserved? We betrayed her, cast her down. And as a result, we foolishly allowed the resurgence of the devilfolk. In fact, I consider it a mercy that we weren’t killed.”</p>

      <p><em>...I see. This is kinda bad.</em></p>

      <p>I felt clear enmity rolling off this man in waves as he talked passionately. He was so worked up he was voicing his complaints to a suspicious traveler from who knew where.</p>

      <p>But I still needed to listen to him. To this man... No, to the heartfelt anger of the residents of this town.</p>

      <p>“Those words are very close to being in contempt of the king, Merak... Just who do you think is your king?” I asked, and the man stiffened up.</p>

      <p>The next expression he showed was cold and sharp like pure, frozen anger. It was frozen because the object of his anger wasn’t around. But if Merak were here, it probably would have easily turned into an all-consuming flame. Just like that, the man unhesitatingly spoke.</p>

      <p>“He’s the worst fool of a king... A hero? As if. That title makes me laugh from the bottom of my heart.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Aries was walking by himself through the black townscape.</p>

      <p>He didn’t have any particular destination or anything he wanted to see. He was just taking a walk because he had nothing better to do. There was no further meaning to his actions.</p>

      <p>In the first place, happiness to Aries was being by his master’s side, so his first priority these days was to be useful to her, the master whom he was unable to serve for two hundred years. He wanted to do what he could for her and was willing to not spare any effort. Thus, he actually had no interest in exploring this place. In fact, he was considering just going to find his master now.</p>

      <p><em>But I don’t want to be a bother...</em></p>

      <p>It was obvious to Aries that Lufas was interested in this town.</p>

      <p>This country was founded by one of the ‘heroes’ who betrayed Lufas, so Aries had no interest in it. In fact, he would be more than happy to burn it all down right now. But his master wanted to explore it, so Aries complied as he didn’t want to interrupt her fun.</p>

      <p>So, since that was the case, Aries was currently out of things to do.</p>

      <p>At the very least, he wouldn’t interfere with his master’s sightseeing. He would remove anything that could be an obstacle beforehand as well—specifically, any of the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries. They most likely had something in the works for this country. Rather, there was no way they didn’t.</p>

      <p>The only surviving members of the Seven Heroes—Megrez, Merak, and Benetnasch—were humanity’s strongest champions. It was because they existed that the devilfolk had yet to conquer the world. That was why Mars, one of the Seven Luminaries, attacked Svel as well as used Aries. There was no way they would leave this country alone, either.</p>

      <p><em>See? They really are here.</em></p>

      <p>Aries could sense someone tailing him.</p>

      <p><em>Wait. Actually, did they purposefully let me sense them? Either way, it looks like they want to talk to me one-on-one. Then, it should be best to go along with that idea.</em></p>

      <p>Aries continued to walk, choosing a direction that led to somewhere empty. Eventually, Aries arrived at a plaza with no one around.</p>

      <p><em>Is this...a park?</em></p>

      <p>Normally, there would probably have been children playing in this place, but right now, it was empty. It wasn’t nighttime either, so there was no reason for it to be this empty.</p>

      <p><em>Is it some sort of barrier that prevents people from interfering...?</em></p>

      <p>This was the work of magic from one of the elements in this world: Moon. There was a moon elemental spell that prevented encounters.</p>

      <p>This spell, which simply kept beings you didn’t want to approach away, was a convenient spell treasured by adventurers. Two hundred years ago, Lufas had often complained about how much she wanted to be able to use it. Even though she herself could not use it, Lufas had Twelve Stars which made up for any shortcomings she had. The Archer, the Maiden, and the Goat filled those roles, especially magic, which she was useless at.</p>

      <p>The “Archer” was for attack magic.</p>

      <p>The “Maiden” was for support and healing magic.</p>

      <p>And the “Goat” was specialized in interference and disturbance type magic.</p>

      <p>“Show yourself, Aigokeros. It’s you, right?”</p>

      <p>In response, a patch of empty space wavered. What appeared from the shimmer of air looked exactly like a demon.</p>

      <p>The being had a goat’s head, a human’s body, and leathery bat wings—a grotesque monster. The demon’s lower half fluctuated, as if it wasn’t corporeal.</p>

      <p>This was the “Goat” of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars: Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>The man who looked exactly like a demon from legend stood across from Aries, his dark eyes glinting ominously.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Libra surveyed the white town while she flew through the air.</p>

      <p>She was currently flying above the town at an altitude of 1500 meters. It was a height at which even heaven-winged wouldn’t approach without reason and one at which Libra would be almost completely safe from detection.</p>

      <p>But even with so much distance between her and her target, Libra’s eyes were still able to capture each individual heaven-winged resident of the white town, down to every strand of hair.</p>

      <p>Libra was checking each heaven-winged resident of the white town, treating them as if they were enemies and confirming their strength.</p>

      <p>They prided themselves on their white wings, and her master, with her taboo black wings, was ostracized from them as a monster. In other words, they were her master’s enemies. And her master’s enemies were her enemies.</p>

      <p>Since Lufas hadn’t ordered an attack, Libra wouldn’t do anything at the moment. But she was prepared to hit the entire town with Brachium the instant any of them took even the slightest hostile action. She would not have any mercy or compassion.</p>

      <p>The first and foremost factor in all of her decision making was whether or not it would benefit her master, Lufas. If it was beneficial, she would guard or cover anyone. But if they brought harm, she would even murder a newborn baby. The only exception to this rule would be her maker, Mizar, but he was no longer in this world.</p>

      <p>“Breathing, movements, line of sight, speech... Considering these factors, the current number of heaven-winged that suspect master’s existence: zero people. No strange or unnatural points... Attack: unnecessary. Continuing observation... Standing by...”</p>

      <p>Her mask-like face was frozen, expressionless. It was as if an automated doll were watching from the skies.</p>

      <p>She collected data on each and every being in her sight for future use, saving their faces and habits into her memory banks.</p>

      <p>Then she spotted one of her comrades, Dina, entering the white town. She was loitering in front of the clock tower in the center of town as if she was waiting for someone.</p>

      <p>Libra most likely didn’t remember her because of a fault in her memory data, so she didn’t know much about Dina. But according to her master, she was very well-informed and knowledgeable about many places. It could be that she had an acquaintance in this town.</p>

      <p>“—!”</p>

      <p>As Libra was monitoring the entire town, she spotted a strange figure. It was a handsome man with green hair wearing sunglasses.</p>

      <p>Normally, one would surmise from his lack of wings that he was just a human who came to sightsee or something.</p>

      <p>But Libra’s robotic eyes would not allow such lies. With one look, she saw through the man’s disguise as a regular human with machine-like precision.</p>

      <p>“...Confirmed unnatural skin color unique to mimicry. Fangs confirmed from bulge in upper lip. Devilfolk’s vertical-slit pupils visually confirmed from gap in sunglasses. Conclusion: 98% chance of being a devilfolk in disguise. Complete: classifying as enemy. ...Conjecture: given direction and line of sight, 87% chance the enemy’s destination is the clock tower, or the enemy will at least reach the clock tower on the way to his destination. Danger: enemy will make contact with Dina if he is allowed to continue. In fulfillment of conditions for elimination.”</p>

      <p>Libra’s cold, robotic eyes glinted ominously as she flipped over her skirt, revealing two machine guns that seemingly popped out of nowhere. Libra unhesitatingly equipped them.</p>

      <p>They were weapons called ‘guns’ which were originally only equippable by the Gunner class, a higher class than Archers. These weapons, which were commonplace two hundred years ago, were now rare in this day and age.</p>

      <p>Regardless, Libra readied those rare weapons and made a steep dive, causing an explosive sound. Libra descended upon the town while leaving behind sonic booms, landing in front of the suspicious man.</p>

      <p>Thanks to the steel doll landing in the middle of town, the ground cracked and pieces flew through the air. Libra stepped forward from the resulting cloud of dust, cutting off the man she’d concluded was a devilfolk.</p>

      <p>“Wha—?! ...A golem in this place?!”</p>

      <p>“Warning, devilfolk. If you insist on continuing forward, I will use force to eliminate you. In that case, I cannot guarantee your life. Is that understood? It is strongly recommended that you retreat from this place.”</p>

      <p>Raising her alertness level so that she could attack at any time, Libra issued her final warning while guardedly readying herself for battle. Meanwhile, Libra’s eyes continued to gather data on her opponent, attempting to estimate his combat ability.</p>

      <p>One of Libra’s skills—“Search Eye”—carried the same effect as Lufas’ Observing Eye.</p>

      <p>From the data Libra obtained, she understood that her opponent’s level was 320 and his HP was 25000. As long as she didn’t let her guard down, there was no way for her to lose against such an opponent. But considering modern power levels, he was very strong.</p>

      <p>“What do you mean devilfolk? As you can see, I’m just a traveler who stopped by to see the sights.”</p>

      <p>“Behind those sunglasses you have vertical-slit pupils. Your upper lip is slightly bulging and judging from the pattern of your skeletal structure and differences in musculature... I have concluded that you are a devilfolk in disguise.”</p>

      <p>“...I see. So I’ve been found out. Oh well. That just makes things faster.”</p>

      <p>Whether or not he was finished talking, Libra noticed the slight movements his muscles made. She sensed him putting power into the tips of his toes and slightly bending at the knee.</p>

      <p>Concluding that those were preparative motions for kicking off the ground, Libra immediately upped her alertness level, her thoughts shifting towards battle.</p>

      <p>The man jumped forward hard enough to cause the ground to explode behind him, but Libra guarded against his fist.</p>

      <p>The power in his punch was superhuman, but he was punching against a similar, inhumanly hard arm.</p>

      <p>The clash caused a hard, metallic sound to ring out, and the fingers on the hand the man punched with broke.</p>

      <p>“!?!”</p>

      <p>“Confirmed hostile action. Commencing attack.”</p>

      <p>Libra swung her arm, forcefully throwing the man away, and using the small bit of space that opened up between them, her eyes shifted.</p>

      <p>Both of Libra’s eyes unleashed lasers, piercing through the ground.</p>

      <p>The man—disappeared! Using some light footwork, he’d disappeared into Libra’s blind spot and charged at her from behind.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>