<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>I received the keys for two rooms and went and entered one of them.</p>

      <p>Aries’ and my room was number 202. Dina’s future room was 204.</p>

      <p>The room in the middle, 203, belonged to the adventurers that came before us. I sort of felt separated from Dina.</p>

      <p>Inside the room it was... <em>Hm, not bad.</em></p>

      <p>It was just a simple room in a completely wooden building, but it was pretty large. There was even a bed, although it seemed like it would be pretty hard. It looked like there was also a bath. Personally, I had no complaints.</p>

      <p>Well, to be honest, not having a bath was actually pretty normal for this world. In fact, it was more normal to not have a bath in the game. I was actually pretty impressed with how things had progressed in two hundred years.</p>

      <p>The inn’s fees were also pretty cheap at only 30 el a night, surprisingly. So for three people it was a very charitable 90 el. I guess Dina’s sense couldn’t be underestimated, given how fast she’d picked this one out.</p>

      <p>“Now then, We suppose We should just wait for Dina to come back for now.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>Although I said that we’d wait for Dina, she most likely wouldn’t have much of a part to play this time.</p>

      <p>Rather, anyone other than myself would simply die when faced with Libra.</p>

      <p>It was true that Aries was a member of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, just like Libra, but their matchup was just horrible. While Aries was the type to use his abundance of skills to bring things into a war of attrition, Libra was a specialized exterminator who wanted to deal huge amounts of piercing damage right from the start. As long as one had less than 10k health when facing Libra, they’d just be unilaterally turned to ash.</p>

      <p>As long as one managed to get past that, Libra, who had no way to heal herself, would suddenly turn into the easiest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars to defeat. But at any rate, her first attack was far too strong to allow that.</p>

      <p>Even though I’d finally managed to get Aries under my control again, there was probably no choice but to have him wait in the back, unfortunately, now that we were fighting Libra.</p>

      <p>“Aries. We must ask. Do you know of the whereabouts of the other Twelve Heavenly Stars?”</p>

      <p>“Uhhh, let’s see... Well, I was concentrating on bringing down Svel, so I don’t know that much. But... I do remember Aigokeros the “Goat” inviting me to join the devilfolk once. He said, ‘Come with me to the devilfolk,’ so he’s probably allied with them.”</p>

      <p>You’d think that since they’re the “Sheep” and the “Goat,” they’d get along, but that wasn’t the case at all.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros... He was a lord demon and looked like a demon among demons.</p>

      <p>More specifically, only Aigokeros’ head was that of a goat, and his body was that of a human while he also had the wings of a bat. He was the very picture of a legendary demon, from what I remembered.</p>

      <p>Well, if I were to speak honestly... He was a guy who wouldn’t be at all out of place with the devilfolk. In fact, I felt he was way more of a demon or devil than any of the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>“Hm... What about the others?”</p>

      <p>“The others are... Sorry, I don’t know.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. So you don’t all know what one another are doing, even though you’re all of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, it seems.”</p>

      <p>I thought that, as long as I had one Heavenly Star, I could learn where all the others were, but it seemed that wasn’t the case. <em>I guess there’s no other choice than to work off of what info Dina has for a while yet, huh?</em></p>

      <p><em>For now, let’s just take it easy until she comes back.</em></p>

      <p>—As soon as I thought that, I heard a knock at the door with perfect timing.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I’ll get it.”</p>

      <p>“Mm.”</p>

      <p>Aries stood, taking the initiative to open the door.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t Dina at the door, but the four adventurers who’d just been arguing with the inn’s owner at the counter. Today should have been the first time we ever met... What did they want? From first glance, it didn’t seem like they harbored any ill will...</p>

      <p>At any rate, I didn’t know what Aries would end up saying if he were left alone, so I also walked up to the door.</p>

      <p>“You four should be the ones who were arguing with the owner at the entrance, no? Do you have some business with us?”</p>

      <p>“No, not business, per se. We just thought we should thank you for what happened. It’s thanks to you that we don’t have to camp out.” A brown-haired man who seemed to be the leader replied to my question.</p>

      <p>His short hair was spiked backwards, and his body was obviously well-trained. His sharp eyes reminded me of a carnivore, and I knew that he was overflowing with confidence.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that is all? It was no trouble. You are all rather conscientious for adventurers.”</p>

      <p>“Even if you didn’t think much of it, we did. We repay our debts. That’s our way.”</p>

      <p>Unlike their hoodlum looks, it seemed they were actually rather honest and honorable men. Given how many people didn’t even know how to say thanks properly these days, I’d really like these youngsters to stay as they were. <em>And I should take a page from their book, too.</em></p>

      <p>“We’ll be in this village for a while. If something happens, you can count on us. That’s all, see ya.”</p>

      <p>After saying what they had to say, the adventurers left. Apparently, they really were here just to say thanks.</p>

      <p>And as if they were switching places, Dina showed her face right afterwards, entering our room.</p>

      <p>“I’m back!”</p>

      <p>“So you are. How was it?”</p>

      <p>“Perfect. I got permission to both stay and explore the king’s grave. By the way, I passed by some people I didn’t recognize. Who were they?”</p>

      <p>“Just some rather conscientious adventurers.”</p>

      <p>With Dina back, we could now boldly walk into the grave under the pretense that we were exploring it.</p>

      <p><em>Being able to explore one’s own grave is a pretty rare experience, isn’t it? Let’s take it easy the rest of today and go in tomorrow.</em></p>

      <p>“—We cannot enter.”</p>

      <p>“Doesn’t look like it.”</p>

      <p>The next day, we were forced to a standstill outside of the grave.</p>

      <p>To be more specific, there were a huge number of people gathered at the entrance already, so we couldn’t get any farther. All of them were making lots of noise while blocking the entrance.</p>

      <p>Honestly, they were a real nuisance.</p>

      <p>“Umm, excuse me... Did something happen?” Dina asked a random guy who was nearby.</p>

      <p><em>Huh, he’s got brown, spiked-back hair and he’s real built... Wait, that’s the leader of the adventurers from yesterday!</em></p>

      <p>When he noticed it was us, he went, “Ohh.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re all here to explore the grave, too? Oh, so this blue-haired girlie here must be the other one you were talking about yesterday.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, my name is Dina, a free merchant. So, what happened?”</p>

      <p>The adventurers scrunched up their faces in thought when Dina asked her question again. Apparently, it wasn’t a happy subject.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, there was a special investigation corps dispatched here from Laevateinn two months ago, but they failed to check in today. They should have reached near the top floor yesterday, so everyone was really excited that they were close to beating the thing, but......”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t it just that something happened that’s causing a delay to their regular check-in?”</p>

      <p>“That’s what everyone thought at first, but it’s already been five hours. Isn’t it weird that it’s been this long, and they still haven’t sent any sort of message through magic?”</p>

      <p>Hearing the adventurer’s reply, Dina looked over at Aries and I. We nodded silently and separated ourselves from the group, moving to hide behind a nearby shelter.</p>

      <p>“What do you think, Miss Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“They were most likely done-in by Libra. There’s no doubt she’s at the top floor.”</p>

      <p>“I agree. She probably hit them with Brachium when they reached the top floor.”</p>

      <p>The investigation corps that failed to check in was probably filled with pretty skilled people. I didn’t know exactly how hard this grave was, but judging by today’s standards it was clearly not something to be trifled with.</p>

      <p>But it was their bad luck that they were just skilled enough to thoughtlessly make their way to the top floor.</p>

      <p>To the people of today, encountering Libra meant unavoidable death. It was painful to think that all their hard work was for nothing. However, as long as Libra guarded the top floor—putting it bluntly, there was basically no chance of winning.</p>

      <p>But she did have a weakness.</p>

      <p>Brachium couldn’t be fired in succession. If they had just sent someone in alone to take the shot of Brachium, it would’ve been possible to then fight her with the remaining members, essentially sealing Brachium’s power.</p>

      <p>But there was no way they could have known that. They had no method of figuring out the weakness—that Brachium couldn’t be fired continuously—because once she fired it, everyone died. Not to mention how hard and life-threatening it would’ve been to get up to the top floor in the first place, only to be met with Libra’s full force.</p>

      <p><em>Dead men tell no tales—</em> Since everyone had died, there was no one left to pass along information.</p>

      <p>The only ones who knew of this weakness were Mizar and I. Neither of us had ever told anyone else about it. However, I’d only arrived in this world the other day, and Mizar was deceased. The other Twelve Heavenly Stars might have known as well, but there was no way any of them would hand that information over to any humans. So, there was no chance that anyone would know of Libra’s weakness, causing a mountain of corpses to pile up until today.</p>

      <p>Still, if asked if they would have had a chance at victory just by knowing of that weakness, I’d have had to definitively say no.</p>

      <p>It was true that Libra didn’t have a way to repair herself and still has her initial stats. She hadn’t been boosted at all. However, even without Brachium she was just generally strong, with the highest level among all the Twelve Heavenly Stars at 910.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, outside of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, the Seven Heroes, and the Devil King, there was probably no one who would stand a chance against her.</p>

      <p>...No, only about half of the Twelve Heavenly Stars had HP above 10k. The Seven Heroes had been weakened, so they were probably out, too. If that were the case, then there really were only a small number of people who could have broken through Libra.</p>

      <p>“The victims will only continue to increase like this if we don’t retrieve her soon.”</p>

      <p>She was still a little better than Aries because she wasn’t actively attacking a country, but it was bad that we kept losing brave, skilled adventurers to her. Humanity’s fighting power just kept getting shaved away, even though it was already so low.</p>

      <p><em>We need to get Libra back before anyone else makes it to the top floor.</em></p>

      <p>“All right, let’s go, you two.”</p>

      <p>“Yes!”</p>

      <p>“Libra will be impossible for me, but I can at least take care of the small-fry!”</p>

      <p>With Dina and Aries in tow, I pushed through the throng of people and approached the king’s grave. I heard people trying to stop me, but I boldly ignored them.</p>

      <p>But just as I was about to enter, someone grabbed my shoulder.</p>

      <p>“W-wait just a second, missy! Were you seriously just going to go in?! Didn’t you just hear what I said?! That’s madness! The investigation corps was made up of fifty skilled veterans that were chosen by the country. And it was impossible even for them, you know!”</p>

      <p>He was definitely a good guy. From his perspective, we definitely looked like stupid women who didn’t even understand the dangers involved. The fact that he didn’t just leave us alone but took the effort to stop us meant that he was really nice.</p>

      <p>Although I was fully aware of all the risks when I tried to enter in the first place. <em>In fact, I don’t think there’s anyone in this world who knows how dangerous Libra is more than I do.</em></p>

      <p>“We will give our thanks for your concern. But it is unneeded. Now then, let us go.”</p>

      <p>I gently removed his hand from my shoulder and stepped into the king’s grave.</p>

      <p>Just like I’d expected, the inside was just passages made of brick-like stones. The surroundings were dim, and the farther away we got from the entrance, the darker it was.</p>

      <p>We were not troubled for light, though. Aries lifted his hand and a small flame appeared in his palm, lighting the way for us.</p>

      <p>We continued on deeper and deeper into the grave.</p>

      <p>As one might have expected out of the first floor of this well-traveled place, pretty much all the traps had already been sprung. Basically, nothing got in our way as we moved on, and we easily made it to the next floor after finding the stairs.</p>

      <p>After we continued on for a while on the second floor, a single shadow appeared before us.</p>

      <p>It was a badly made stone golem.</p>

      <p>However, with my “Observing Eye” I could see that it was still level 150. To me, it was weak, but that probably wasn’t the case for other people.</p>

      <p>“Oh? A golem, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. By the way, this is one of the golems you mass-produced for the final fight against the Seven Heroes, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, We see. So this is our golem? No wonder why it is such a high level even though it is built so shoddily.”</p>

      <p>For the final fight with the Seven Heroes, I tried to cover the difference in war potential with mass-produced golems.</p>

      <p>However, a player couldn’t bring more than one golem with them at once. Even if one had multiple golems on them, the game would prioritize the golem nearest to the top of the player’s inventory to manifest, and any other golems would stay in storage. So even if a golem I made were to be destroyed, I could only bring out the next one after the battle ended. Mass use of golems was banned.</p>

      <p>Also, golem AI could only be set in levels from 1-5. The higher the AI’s level, the longer it took to move on to the next golem, causing mass-production of high-performance golems to be impossible.</p>

      <p>But it was still possible to find any number of loopholes if one played the game enough.</p>

      <p>On the flip side, since making high-level-AI golems was impossible in a short time, that meant making masses of dumb golems was completely possible. Even if I couldn’t employ one myself, I could still deploy all my golems if I distributed them to my soldiers.</p>

      <p>I took advantage of that loophole to equip all my forces with low-level-AI golems to forcefully drag up my war potential. Even though I went that far, they were still all basically just fodder for high-level players.</p>

      <p>Apparently, this grave was littered with tons of leftover golems that I made, just wandering around.</p>

      <p>“Hm, these should be golems that We have made, but We can feel their intent to attack us.”</p>

      <p>“Didn’t you program these golems’ thought routines to indiscriminately attack, and I quote, ‘Any living thing that is not one of the ‘Zodiacs’ or a golem?’ Your country doesn’t exist anymore, Miss Lufas. Of course you’d get attacked.”</p>

      <p>“...Ahh, oh yes, We remember now. These ones are idiots that can only keep attacking whatever enemy is closest.”</p>

      <p>Low-level-AI golems were dumber than monkeys.</p>

      <p>To put it bluntly, all these golems ended up as crude ones that could only charge at their closest enemy and repeat normal attacks. If a golem’s AI was low, they wouldn’t be able to use skills even if they had any, and they don’t think about their comrades, either.</p>

      <p>Golems will use skills if their AI level is 2 or higher, but at 2 they basically just choose skills at random and don’t think about the situation at all.</p>

      <p>That was why it was common sense between alchemists that at least AI level 3 was necessary for real fights. In a sense, my battle plan of mass-producing golems flew right in the face of established doctrine.</p>

      <p>...the result was disastrous, though.</p>

      <p>Common sense was important. It was there for a reason.</p>

      <p>Ah, by the way, “Zodiac” was the name of the country I made.</p>

      <p>“Well, if that’s the case, then there is no need to hold back. We can destroy these as We please.” I cracked my knuckles and looked squarely at a golem.</p>

      <p>If the rejects I made two hundred years ago were still around and causing trouble for people, then it was my responsibility to dispose of them.</p>

      <p>But just a moment before I was about to charge into the golems...</p>

      <p>Something got in between us, recklessly stopping the golem’s fist with a sword.</p>

      <p>“Whoops! I can’t let you do that! For I am Jean the adventurer, a man who never forgets a debt! And these three are the rest of my adventuring party, the ‘Hawk’s Eye’! We owe you one, so we’ll help you out, missy!”</p>

      <p>The ones who suddenly got between me and the golem were the brown-haired adventurer and the other three men in his party...</p>

      <p>—Honestly, I’d rather they not have bothered.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>