<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_5">
    <div class="main">
      <p>But a blind spot to a human was nothing to a golem like Libra.</p>

      <p>Libra’s arms bent in a way that would never work for a human, guarding against the man’s fist. Then, her head snapped around 180 degrees! She shot her eye lasers at the man once again.</p>

      <p>“WhooOOps?!”</p>

      <p>The man managed to hurriedly jump backwards to avoid the attack, but Libra pressed her advantage.</p>

      <p>She turned her whole body around, returning her arm and head to their normal positions before readying her machine guns and immediately blasting away on full auto!</p>

      <p>Each gun was capable of shooting a thousand rounds a minute. So added up, Libra was putting a ridiculous 2000 bullets per minute downrange. Libra didn’t bother putting anything like a silencer on them, of course, so the clamorous noise of gunfire rang through the town in broad daylight, disturbing its peace.</p>

      <p>The man desperately avoided Libra’s fire, kicking off the side of a building to make a great leap.</p>

      <p>But Libra was aiming for when he was in midair and couldn’t maneuver. Libra instantly switched weapons in order to shoot down her currently vulnerable enemy.</p>

      <p>“Skill selection: releasing right arm limiter. Right Scale: ‘Zuben El Genubi’ Release!” Libra announced, and her right arm literally released itself.</p>

      <p>Her fingers, palms, and upper arm all rearranged themselves, accompanied with the appropriate mechanical sounds. In a scant second it became a giant cannon with a meter-long barrel.</p>

      <p>“—Fire!”</p>

      <p>All the houses around Libra instantly had their windows shattered.</p>

      <p>The cannon shot out a straight torrent of light that seemed like it would go on forever. Its white brilliance was accompanied with sparks and lightning as it raced through the sky, baring its fangs at the devilfolk man.</p>

      <p>But the moment the blast seemed like it would hit, the man was suddenly pushed aside by a torrent of wind and escaped. He’d dodged Libra’s bombardment. In fact, he continued to change directions mid-air as if he were riding the wind and once again charged towards Libra.</p>

      <p>Libra shot her machine guns wildly in an attempt to intercept him, but all of her bullets were turned aside.</p>

      <p>“I’ve got you!”</p>

      <p>“—!”</p>

      <p>Libra blocked the man’s barehanded knife-edge strike with the barrel of her gun.</p>

      <p>But the devilfolk’s hand cut into the gun, ripping away about half of it.</p>

      <p>His attack was far sharper than any normal barehanded strike. The man possessed some sort of invisible blade. That was what cut her weapon.</p>

      <p>Libra instantly figured that out, and she noticed that there was a change in the wind, concluding that the man had manipulated wind in order to form a blade that could even cut metal.</p>

      <p>“You can freely control wind... I see. So your attribute is Wood.”</p>

      <p>“Well done figuring that out. I commend you. You are correct. I preside over the power of nature. My element is Wood. I am one of the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries and control one of the seven elements, Wood, as I like. My name is Jupiter. Name yourself, doll. You are no mere puppet.”</p>

      <p>The man introduced himself even though he wasn’t asked and undid his disguise. His previously almost human-colored skin turned an eerie blue, and he removed his sunglasses, revealing vertical-slit pupils and green eyes.</p>

      <p>Libra had no obligation to name herself just because he did, but not doing so would go against her pride as a maid. He’d introduced himself, so she would do the same. That was the way of maids and part of her pride as one who served Lufas. So Libra returned her arms to their normal state, pinched the hem of her skirt and curtsied neatly.</p>

      <p>“Well met, Jupiter. I am one of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, Libra of the Scales. I am pleased to make your acquaintance.”</p>

      <p>“Ohh? The Scales, said to be the best at annihilation among the Twelve Heavenly Stars, huh? I heard you were destroyed in the Grave. So that really was just a hoax.” Jupiter laughed, amused, before taking a stance with both his hands straight out like blades.</p>

      <p>At first glance it seemed to be a regular knife-hand, but his hands were adorned with invisible wind, forming blades.</p>

      <p>The “Wood” element—as the name implied, it manipulated trees and plants but was also the element of wider nature, allowing it to control wind as well. As for its affinities with other elements, it was strong against Earth and weak against Metal.</p>

      <p>And Libra’s attribute was “Metal.”</p>

      <p>Its specialty was strengthening substances like one’s own body, weapons, or armor. Those with the metal attribute pulverized their enemies by strengthening themselves to be as hard as the greatest of metals.</p>

      <p>There were aspects of the element that resembled alchemy, so the attribute had high compatibility with Alchemists. The attribute was strong against Wood but weak to Fire.</p>

      <p>In other words, Libra had the complete advantage in this fight in both levels and attributes.</p>

      <p>Considering just how few disadvantages she had, Libra had calculated her chances of winning this fight at 99%. But she still didn’t let her guard down. There would be no mercy.</p>

      <p>Libra put away her machine guns before raising her left arm.</p>

      <p>“Skill Selection: releasing left arm limiter. Left scale: ‘Zuben Es Chamali’ Release!”</p>

      <p>This time, it was her left arm that transformed.</p>

      <p>Her left hand shrank into her wrist as if it was being sucked in, and instead, a blade that shined bluish-white appeared.</p>

      <p>If Libra’s right scale was a main cannon for long-range fights, then her left scale was her main weapon for melee combat. A barrier of wind would mean nothing against this. It would only be cut like everything else.</p>

      <p>“Prepare yourself,” the doll declared with an emotionless voice.</p>

      <p>Then, the verniers on her back ignited and she accelerated towards her enemy.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>They were in a park that would normally be lively with playing children and their parents. But right now, there were only two present.</p>

      <p>Mysteriously, the two of them were standing in the very area that other people were currently avoiding, glaring at each other even though they used to be comrades. They both served the same master, were both given the title of one of the Twelve Stars, and were powerful enough beings to be ranked among the top in the world.</p>

      <p>Of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars there was: The “Ram” Aries.</p>

      <p>And opposite him was similarly of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars: the “Goat” Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>They were both comrades with the title of one of the Twelve Stars, but the two of them were facing off against each other with an atmosphere between them that was a far cry from what one would normally find between old friends.</p>

      <p>Both of them had yet to launch an attack, but were mentally ready to respond to any strange movements the other made. They both had the resolution to launch a deadly attack at the other without hesitation even though they had been brethren in the past.</p>

      <p>“Aigokeros... Why are you here?”</p>

      <p>“As if you don’t know. All I desire are the lives of the Seven Heroes. You should know that.”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros responded to Aries’ question with a low, impure-sounding voice.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros’ voice had a creepy echo to it, as if several people were speaking at once. His mouth, which was normally what issued sound, didn’t seem to move at all. His voice seemed to reverberate directly in Aries’ ear, something that would be creepy and uncomfortable even if the one doing it was someone close.</p>

      <p>Anyone with a normal amount of mental fortitude would probably have their sanity and spirit shaved away just by speaking with Aigokeros. Doing so naturally caused psychological discomfort, like nails on a chalkboard. This discomforting effect was always present in his voice. Aigokeros ate away at his opponent’s sanity by confronting people, conversing with people, and even just by existing.</p>

      <p>He was ranked highest among the few real demons that existed, a “Lord Demon” who struck fear into the hearts of others.</p>

      <p>Aries narrowed his eyes, thinking Aigokeros’ eeriness still hung around.</p>

      <p>“Are you still allied with the devilfolk for that end?”</p>

      <p>“Aye. I use them, and they use my power. Our objectives are aligned at the moment.”</p>

      <p>Hearing Aigokeros’ reply, Aries put on a grim expression.</p>

      <p>He did not find fault with wanting to bring down the Seven Heroes. Aries considered them enemies and hated them enough to want to kill them, as did all of the Twelve Stars. In fact, Aries wanted to support Aigokeros in this endeavor.</p>

      <p>However, Aries did not like the fact that Aigokeros was allying himself with the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>Aries also once cooperated with one of the devilfolk by the name of Mars. But even then, he’d refused to be completely under Mars’ control. In the end, their interests had just aligned. He had never once fallen to the devilfolk general’s control.</p>

      <p>“Aries. I will once again ask you the same question as before. Come with me. Help me drive these hateful heroes to the depths of hell, my homeland.”</p>

      <p>“...Sorry, but I can’t accept that invitation. I’ll never be a subordinate to the devilfolk, even if I die. My only master is Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“And I am the same. I will not tell you to pledge loyalty from the bottom of your heart. Just think of it as using them.”</p>

      <p>“Even so, I refuse. I don’t even want to pretend to bow my head to the devilfolk.”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros and Aries glared at each other, the atmosphere between them still one step away from going critical.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros wanted to count Aries as an ally, even if he had to force Aries into it. But Aries was also one of the Twelve Stars. It would be in no way an easy win. Weighing up the merits and demerits of such an action, Aigokeros found more demerits.</p>

      <p>That was the birth of this stalemate, and while the situation was one step away from bursting, it never did. It was a strange situation.</p>

      <p>That was when Aries threw a stone.</p>

      <p>“Especially now that our master has come back to us. That’s even more reason to not do something so unsightly.”</p>

      <p>“...! So, that means the one who killed Mars really was...!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, it was Miss Lufas. She isn’t dead.”</p>

      <p>Their master was alive and well.</p>

      <p>When he heard that, Aigokeros’ figure wavered. That was when Aries offered his own invitation.</p>

      <p>“This time, I’ll ask you. Cut ties with the devilfolk right now and come with me. The time has come for the Twelve Stars to once again gather under Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“...I cannot do that yet.”</p>

      <p>“! Aigokeros!”</p>

      <p>“To join back with my master... That would be nice. But if I do not destroy our sworn enemy, then history will just repeat itself. In order to return to my master’s side, I must first send those hateful heroes to hell.”</p>

      <p>Aigokeros refused Aries’ invitation.</p>

      <p>No, he simply stated that he couldn’t accept it right this moment.</p>

      <p><em>I still haven’t killed those damn heroes. I have yet to massacre those fools who ruined my master’s hegemony.</em></p>

      <p><em>If I return without accomplishing that, our failures will only repeat. If I want to go back to my master’s side, I must first crush those awful enemies of ours!</em></p>

      <p>“My will is resolved! Look well, Aries. I will be sure to remove Merak’s head and drive this country down to the depths of hell and chaos. I will offer my master hell and death and the screams of these fools! Then, I will eat through the devilfolk from the inside and make them sacrifices to her.”</p>

      <p>If Lufas herself were to hear that speech, she would no doubt have said, <em>“Hey idiot, stop that!”</em> But unfortunately, Aigokeros, who had his passion lit after hearing news of his master’s well-being, could not stretch his imagination that far.</p>

      <p>No, he might actually have reached that conclusion, but he completely believed that killing the heroes would be good for his master. So he didn’t stop. He wouldn’t stop. He believed that the blood and destruction of her enemies would be the best offering, following the normally bloody lines of thought for a demon.</p>

      <p>“Farewell, Aries. Observe as I dye this country in madness, blood, and death alongside our great master.”</p>

      <p>After speaking his piece, Aigokeros disappeared.</p>

      <p>Aries did not want to stop him. Killing the Seven Heroes was the greatest wish of the Twelve Stars. Aries found no reason to stop Aigokeros.</p>

      <p>After seeing Aigokeros off, Aries pondered.</p>

      <p><em>Should I tell my master about this...?</em></p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas doesn’t like excessive killing and attacks on civilians, right...? So if I tell her, then of course she’ll stop him... But the white half of this country are all people who would persecute Miss Lufas...”</p>

      <p><em>Let’s just observe the people of the white town for now and figure out how we should act depending on their personalities and how they think.</em></p>

      <p><em>If they no longer cling to the color of their wings, unlike the past, and have lost the unsightly tendency to discriminate against others, then I can just tell my master.</em></p>

      <p><em>If I do, then my master—who loves peaceful people and hates needless death—will definitely stop Aigokeros. But if they are still the same people who rejected my master, then...</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>In the country of the heaven-winged, Gjallarhorn, a lone girl who wasn’t a heaven-winged stood in the middle of the white town. This was one half of this country’s capital, which had been split into east and west due to reasons regarding the color of one’s wings, a source of discord that stretched far into the past...</p>

      <p>The girl who had ocean-colored hair that reached down to her knees, and eyes of the same color, was Dina.</p>

      <p>She had her arms crossed and was pouting as she waited in front of the clock tower situated in the center of the white town.</p>

      <p>“...He’s late.”</p>

      <p>The reason she was there was to exchange information with a certain person. Dina would expertly draw out the information she wanted but only spill what was absolutely necessary, all the while eloquently convincing the other person that he was profiting from all this.</p>

      <p>She’d run that simulation in her head over and over again, but now that it was time to actually put things into action, her opponent just wouldn’t come.</p>

      <p>“Argh. Keeping a lady waiting is just rude! That’s why that entire race is...” Dina started walking while mumbling her complaints.</p>

      <p>If her opponent wouldn’t come, then there was no other choice. Dina didn’t want to move about too recklessly, but in this case, she would probably have to go get them.</p>

      <p>She walked through the town that was colored completely white with no variation, observing the people who lived here as she passed by.</p>

      <p>For races that could fly, the basics of living were fundamentally different from other humans.</p>

      <p>It was normal for entrances to be on the second or third floor of a building, but of course there were no stairs or ladders leading up to them.</p>

      <p>The town was built so flush to the cliff face that there was a real danger of falling if someone made one wrong step. But it didn’t seem like that caused any problems at all for the residents.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, roads and walkways were far wider compared to normal human cities. That was because they were much more likely to bump into others than normal people since they had wings.</p>

      <p>For good or bad, having wings was a major standard for this entire place.</p>

      <p>That was just the way of life for heaven-winged. There was actually an aphorism spread throughout the world that said a heaven-winged without wings was just a human. That was why they placed such importance on the color and shape of their wings and hated anything that differed from their ideals.</p>

      <p>“...Oh?”</p>

      <p>As she was observing the comings and goings of the town, Dina spotted a suspicious-looking figure. The figure was similar to Lufas in that they covered their whole body in a mantle. The color of the mantle was white, but the objective of covering their face and wings was probably one and the same. Dina could tell this because she’d been with Lufas this entire time. Covering one’s wings that way created unnatural bulges in clothing.</p>

      <p>Of course, it wasn’t possible to immediately see through that, and the only one who could do so straightaway would probably be Libra.</p>

      <p>—<em>Could this be an unexpected chance to have information fed to me on a silver platter?</em></p>

      <p>Feeling the sight of the person in a white mantle was extremely unusual, Dina’s face split into a bewitching smile. She was still technically waiting to meet someone, but... <em>He’s the one who missed our appointed time first. I was at the right place at the agreed-upon time, so he has no right to complain to me.</em></p>

      <p>Coming to that conclusion, Dina made a hurried change in plans. She tailed the person in the white mantle.</p>

      <p>Dina made sure not to be found out as she chased the white-mantled person through progressively less populated streets.</p>

      <p><em>It’s all right. There’s no chance I’ll be found.</em></p>

      <p>Deceiving, tricking, and infiltrating the enemy without them noticing was Dina’s specialty. She even had absolute confidence that she could do the same to Lufas or the Devil King if she put her mind to it. So tailing the figure in the white mantle without being noticed was no problem for her. It was like taking candy from a baby.</p>

      <p>The person in the white mantle entered a small room, and Dina moved right up to the door. Then, she opened it just a crack so she could peek inside.</p>

      <p><em>There’s two, three, four...five people other than white mantle here. From what they’re wearing and whatnot, it looks like they’re all pretty rich and powerful.</em></p>

      <p>The six people gathered here most likely had quite a lot of power and influence in the capital.</p>

      <p><em>Now isn’t this suspicious, seeing people like this gathering in secret and all.</em></p>

      <p>Curious, Dina put her ear to the door and concentrated on listening in to their conversation.</p>

      <p>“You’re late, Laide.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry. I got held up at a meeting back there.”</p>

      <p>Apparently the person in the white mantle was named Laide.</p>

      <p>When he took off his mantle, he revealed white wings as one might’ve expected. He looked to be in his mid-40s in human terms, and his body was clearly trained. His eyes held a sharp gaze. It was easy to tell that he wasn’t one to be messed with.</p>

      <p>No way was he a normal citizen.</p>

      <p>“So, what did His Majesty say?”</p>

      <p>“It’s no good. We can’t count on that opportunistic king. He wouldn’t listen to my advice, not even for the third time. He won’t understand that if this keeps up, those with filthy wings will only keep multiplying.”</p>

      <p>Dina sensed that this was a gathering of people who were not happy with the black town. They were of the faction that had prided themselves on their white wings since ancient times and wouldn’t accept anything that didn’t fit within their standards. They looked down on others and believed they were true nobility, never doubting that fact.</p>

      <p>From their perspective, it must have been mortifying to see those with mixed-colored wings—or in their words ‘tainted wings’—create their own town and act as if they were equals.</p>

      <p>“Then it really...”</p>

      <p>“Yes. We will have to crush those filthy-wings that keep multiplying by ourselves.”</p>

      <p>Dina put her hand to her mouth.</p>

      <p><em>This conversation’s turned really violent. “Crush?” That’s nowhere near peaceful.</em></p>

      <p>It seemed to Dina that this situation had been in a stalemate for too long and was just about to explode.</p>

      <p>“But that is...”</p>

      <p>“Of course that will mean dirtying our hands. But someone has to do it. We can’t defend justice only with pretty words. Someone has to fulfill their duty, even if it means becoming evil. Didn’t we all gather like this because we were prepared to do so?”</p>

      <p>Justice.</p>

      <p>Dina couldn’t help but chuckle, hearing that word.</p>

      <p><em>I see. It seems like they’re stereotypical people who are full of themselves.</em></p>

      <p><em>By indulging in the word ‘justice,’ anything can be forgiven. In fact, by doing exactly what others wouldn’t they may think they’re noble for having to dirty their own hands to enforce justice...</em></p>

      <p><em>Ahh, how laughable. There’s no one more vicious and wicked than those with their eyes clouded by ‘justice.’</em></p>

      <p>“Also... I have heard that those filthy-wings are preparing for war with us as well. It’ll be too late if they attack first.”</p>

      <p><em>Not only are their eyes clouded by justice, but they’re paranoid too... This is serious, </em>Dina thought. <em>So they’re delusional, think they’re right, and also paranoid about being attacked themselves. They’re just bombs waiting to blow.</em></p>

      <p><em>I don’t know if Merak’s noticed this already, but the fuse to this country’s destruction has already been lit.</em></p>

      <p>“I’ve already called upon others who feel the same way we do, and we’re forming a volunteer army. All our hearts are one. There is no doubt that we love our country.” Laide spoke passionately, and all the others raised a cheer.</p>

      <p>If one was in the minority, it was easy to put the brakes on a bad idea. But if one was in the majority, then a bad idea became impossible to stop. Mob psychology messed with one’s decision-making abilities, causing one to perceive everything they did as right.</p>

      <p>Now it was just a countdown until everything went haywire.</p>

      <p>“Also, we have friends on the outside. They are without wings, but Jupitarr feels the same way we do. Actually, the information he’s provided has been a great help.”</p>

      <p>“By the way, I don’t see Jupitarr anywhere...”</p>

      <p>“I suppose it’s because moving around this town is very hard for Jupitarr, seeing as how he’s human...”</p>

      <p><em>Jupitarr... Is that the name of the one who lit the fuse?</em></p>

      <p>This was most likely the case, but she felt that something was wrong since the person himself wasn’t there.</p>

      <p><em>Shouldn’t Jupitarr himself be here for a meeting this important? That way he could rile them up even more. Did he just get lazy at the last second?</em></p>

      <p>Well, the exact reason didn’t matter to Dina.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve gotten my hands on some nice info. I probably don’t need to stay here any longer. This’ll be a nice present for Lufas.</em></p>

      <p>Dina disappeared the next instant as if she were mist without once letting her wan smile crumble.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The blades of wind Jupiter unleashed burst against Libra’s face, arms, legs, and chest. But she was unhurt.</p>

      <p>Even if Jupiter—one of the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries who so threatened the world—put his all into an attack, Libra wouldn’t even bat an eye as she continued to move forward. It was as if he were just fanning a breeze to her.</p>

      <p>If Libra still suffered two hundred years of degradation, Jupiter might have been able to hurt her a little. But now that Lufas had restored Libra to her full glory, Jupiter had no chance of ever wounding her.</p>

      <p>She walked straight through tornadoes that would’ve pulled out huge trees, roots and all. She treated bullets of wind coming from all directions like they weren’t even there. And she never showed the slightest hint of wavering, not even at Jupiter’s greatest attack, which he’d sacrificed HP for.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, every single one of the attacks Libra unleashed had the power to kill. If any of them had hit, Jupiter would’ve been dead in an instant. She was shooting a cloud of death. There was no wiggle room with any of her attacks.</p>

      <p>As time passed, Libra’s aim was improving. She learned from her opponent’s movements and compensated accordingly. But even this semblance of balance was razor-thin, since Libra was still holding back.</p>

      <p>If she unleashed Brachium, everything would be over in an instant. The reason why she still hadn’t was because Libra was still of the opinion that Brachium should be kept in reserve. In other words, the gap between them was so large she didn’t think she needed it.</p>

      <p>Everyone had the potential to become Lufas’ enemy, including the king of Gjallarhorn. Libra always had that in mind, making sure she would always be ready to react if the need arose.</p>

      <p>If Libra were to use Brachium, it would be unleashed against the entire country of Gjallarhorn instead of only Jupiter. The instant they were to ever become her master’s enemies, Libra would use Brachium to eliminate them, country and all.</p>

      <p>That was the only reason why she had yet to fire it. But she was ready to at any moment.</p>

      <p>Of course, even if the people of this country were to become her enemies, Libra didn’t think there was anything they could do. They were so far removed in ability it wouldn’t even have been a fight in the first place. But sometimes reality exceeded the imagination, and united, people could display unprecedented power.</p>

      <p>“Just in case.”</p>

      <p>Libra had learned that the uncertain and unreasonable existed two hundred years ago. So she would no longer make mistakes. She would no longer allow even a one-in-a-million chance for that to happen.</p>

      <p>If a seed was allowed to grow, it could rip apart soil in a flash. So Libra elected not to use Brachium. But even so, Jupiter’s life hung by a single thread.</p>

      <p>“This won’t do, will it? Looks like we’re just not a good fit.” Jupiter’s smile, which never faded, was belligerent like a beast. But he still sounded calm.</p>

      <p>His entire body was covered in wounds. They were all minor, but the damage was definitely piling up. Jupiter wasn’t grazed. He was dodging all of Libra’s attacks well, using all the evasion skills at his disposal. Even so, just the shockwaves from her attacks hurt him.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, Libra had taken many attacks head on, but it didn’t seem like she had been affected by them at all. She readied her blade with a relaxed expression as if saying she didn’t even need to dodge.</p>

      <p>Metal, or in other words, steel—the attribute to harden one’s body like steel, cut apart tree after tree with a blade, and use one’s weight to be unaffected by wind.</p>

      <p>Iron could be melted by fire but would never be scored by wind.</p>

      <p>From Jupiter’s perspective, Libra was taking no damage from his attacks, but every one of hers was lethal. She was his natural predator.</p>

      <p>But still, having been able to hold on all this time was a show of Jupiter’s strength. Even among the Seven Luminaries, his mobility and evasion were far and away the best, which allowed him to deal with attacks even from stronger enemies.</p>

      <p>If Libra were facing off against any of the other Seven Luminaries—Mars for instance—they would have long been turned into a corpse. However, being able to put up a fight was a far cry from being able to win.</p>

      <p>All Jupiter could do was hold on. His chances of victory were very close to zero.</p>

      <p>“Doesn’t look like I’ll be able to claim victory here. I don’t like it, but I’ll be retreating now.”</p>

      <p>“...!”</p>

      <p>After hearing her enemy declare his intention to leave, Libra immediately returned her left arm to its normal state, once again equipping the machine gun she had left intact.</p>

      <p>If the enemy were to assault her, Libra could defeat them with the butt of her gun or her blade. But if they ran away, it would be up to flying speed.</p>

      <p>Libra’s maximum flight speed exceeded mach 5, but that was only in a straight line after having enough time and room for acceleration. Basically, in addition to not having as much instant speed, Libra also couldn’t outmaneuver Jupiter, who could freely manipulate the wind.</p>

      <p>In other words, if he put all his efforts into running, successfully chasing him down would be a difficult task. Even if Libra managed to catch up, she wouldn’t be able to capture him. So Libra judged that it would be best to add ranged attacks into the mix and try to shoot him down while he ran.</p>

      <p>“Too bad. I’m more familiar with this place than you are!” Jupiter ran off into the townscape, dripping with cold sweat.</p>

      <p>Libra immediately gave chase, but the capital’s buildings were built too closely together. It was like the planners never even considered that people would be walking through the streets. This place was only built for the heaven-winged.</p>

      <p>That construction became a maze which allowed Jupiter to escape and hindered Libra’s chase. Jupiter ran around corners, inside buildings, and into crowds. He could maneuver much better in these cramped spaces and had the advantage. On top of that, Libra’s knowledge of the layout of this capital was still incomplete.</p>

      <p>No matter how different their maximum speeds were, Libra could not catch up.</p>

      <p>For example, if you were to place an Olympic gold medalist into this complicated townscape and make him chase one of the town’s children in a no-holds-barred tag match, it would probably be nearly impossible for the medalist to win. That was what was called the hometown advantage.</p>

      <p>Libra concluded that continuing to give chase was a wasted effort. Even if she continued, the chance of capturing Jupiter right now was close to nothing with their speeds and his maneuverability. Without complete knowledge of the town’s complicated layout, continuing to give chase as she was now would only end with wasted effort on Libra’s part. It would rather be more useful to take the information she’d obtained in the fight to her master as quickly as possible.</p>

      <p>That was what Libra decided, and she ceased her chase.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>With a small, high-pitched, machine-like noise, Libra turned her head.</p>

      <p>Her sharp hearing could even pick up the sound of a pebble rolling from several hundred kilometers away. Of course, in order to do that she would have to shut out all other irrelevant noise, but that was how sharp her hearing was.</p>

      <p>Using those sensors, she picked up Lufas’ voice and the sound of her breathing before determining her location.</p>

      <p>As for Jupiter... It was useless. He was shutting off any sound he made by making a wall of air. That meant that there was no point in using hearing to track him.</p>

      <p>“Current location: Black town... The temple.”</p>

      <p><em>I have found Master’s location. At the very least, it doesn’t seem like she is in battle with anyone at the moment.</em></p>

      <p>Libra could also hear some other voice, but it didn’t seem hostile.</p>

      <p>Last night, her master had woken up with an elevated heart rate. Libra knew that humans experienced dreams, but she didn’t really understand why. It was said that dreams were mostly to help one sort memories, and depending on the situation, the dreamer may experience some painful memories once again.</p>

      <p><em>Master’s response... That was most likely because she saw some sort of unpleasant dream,</em> Libra thought. <em>As I had expected, this country has a bad influence on Master.</em></p>

      <p>And that was exactly why Libra wanted to eliminate any and all obstacles in her master’s way during their stay in this country.</p>

      <p>Libra would not be swayed by emotions. She would never be shaken by something intangible like dreams, and she would never lose her cool. That was because her true essence was that of a ‘tool.’ She found meaning in her existence by benefiting her master and removing all things that did the opposite.</p>

      <p>She remembered the form of her enemy as well as the way he’d fought.</p>

      <p><em>His level itself is low, but he’s a slightly annoying enemy who can exert his evasion skills to dodge me. But there’s no chance for me to lose. As long as I have some way to pin him down, victory is assured.</em></p>

      <p><em>Unfortunately, he got away this time, but the next time he will not be so lucky. I will ready a weapon and a plan that will reliably put him down. The next time we meet, he will certainly breathe his last.</em></p>

      <p><em>It would be over in an instant if I were to use Brachium, but there is no need for that. It would be more than enough just to threaten to use Brachium for intimidation. There is no need to actually shoot it,</em> the doll, who had regained her duty and her master, thought.</p>

      <p>What weapon would she need to kill her enemy? How would she do so? What would she do next? Repeating those thought processes over and over again, she continued to search for ways to benefit her master.</p>

      <p>For that was the very meaning of her existence as a doll created by Lufas.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p><em>Seems like this country is far more troubled than I thought it would be.</em></p>

      <p>While laying back on the sofa at the inn, I had a painful realization. For a start, there was the plain-faced man whom I met in the temple. <em>Ah, whoops. I never actually got his name. Anyway, let’s just name him ‘plainred (temp)’ for now.</em></p>

      <p>The resentment he had towards Merak most likely wasn’t limited to only himself. They built a temple like that and boldly enshrined a statue of me—who was hated as a villain the world over—after all. Just doing that clearly showed their will to rebel against the king.</p>

      <p><em>I mean, I kinda get how bad the white-winged faction’s discrimination is. But doing something like that is just adding fuel to the fire.</em></p>

      <p><em>I know I don’t have any right to think this, but isn’t one of the reasons for the white-wing faction’s discrimination because of the mixed-wing faction? But I’m sure that’s not all the problem is.</em></p>

      <p>At the moment, we were gathered back at the inn, exchanging information on whatever we had learned throughout the day.</p>

      <p>Dina volunteered to go first, and she dropped a bomb on us.</p>

      <p>“—is. So currently, the white town is preparing for a civil war.”</p>

      <p>She informed us that, in their paranoia regarding their perceived enemies, the white town had already started preparing for a civil war and were currently forming a volunteer army.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, Merak, what’re you doing? The countdown to civil war’s already started! If things keep on like this, your country will crumble without anyone even attacking it.</em></p>

      <p>“From their conversation, there’s no doubt that some person named Jupitarr was fanning the flames. Well, it’s probably just a fake name, though.”</p>

      <p>“...Hm, well done, Dina.”</p>

      <p>I praised Dina while pinching the bridge of my nose.</p>

      <p><em>I guess the one silver lining is that there’s a mastermind. It might be possible to do something about all this if we get him. ...Although, I’m not even sure if it’s stoppable when things have already progressed this far.</em></p>

      <p>Next, it was Libra’s turn to drop a bomb.</p>

      <p>“I present my report. Today at 13:23 and 42 seconds I encountered and subsequently engaged in combat with Jupiter, one of the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries, in the white town.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, she went to the white town today and fought a devilfolk leader.</p>

      <p><em>One of the devilfolk appeared, even though this country is already on the brink of ruin? This is really bad.</em></p>

      <p>If we just left without doing anything, this country really would fall apart, wouldn’t it? If that happened the power balance that was being propped up by the three heroes that were left would break, inviting a huge assault from the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>“Judging from his combat ability and our attributes, I have a probability of no less than 99% to emerge victorious. But if he were to attempt to escape again, capturing him would be difficult. In order to make sure to finish him next time, I request homing bullets and maintenance on my gun.”</p>

      <p>Homing bullets... They were high accuracy bullets used by the Gunner class. I didn’t have the Gunner class, but I could make the bullets and the guns for them.</p>

      <p>Libra technically didn’t have the Gunner class, either, but golems and monsters weren’t the same as players in the first place. The problem was that Libra didn’t have any bullets.</p>

      <p>“...We do not remember this being terribly important. Do you not have any?”</p>

      <p>“Everything I had was used in defense of your relics.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p><em>Oh right, she stayed in one place for one hundred-ninety years.</em> Then she might not just be out of homing bullets. She probably needed refills on others as well.</p>

      <p><em>Oh well. Might as well refill those, too, while I’m at it.</em></p>

      <p>Bullets were easily purchasable in the game, but that was probably pretty hard in this world. Making them myself would be best. It was amazing her machine guns hadn’t broken in two hundred years, though... I suppose it should’ve been expected, given how Mizar made them.</p>

      <p>“Write down all the bullets and weapons you are short of on a piece of paper. We will create them later.”</p>

      <p>“I am grateful.”</p>

      <p>Libra’s Brachium opening was so strong she didn’t use bullets all that much. But having them and not using them was much better than needing them and not having them. I decided on making sure Libra was at full combat readiness.</p>

      <p>Aries’ turn was next.</p>

      <p>“Did anything happen on your end?”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“...Aries?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, no! Nothing that I would bother you with happened to me, Miss Lufas...”</p>

      <p><em>Hm, looks like nothing’s up on Aries’ end. That pause was a little weird, but well, everybody sinks into thought every once in a while.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’ll just be happy that there aren’t even more things to worry about at the moment.</em></p>

      <p>“Then We are last. This side of the capital has enshrined a statue of us, of all people, in a temple. That just gives those people on the white side unneeded incentive... I believe we are just counting down the days until war.”</p>

      <p>“My, what a nice town this is.”</p>

      <p>“Master, I suggest we fully support the black town if war were to break out.”</p>

      <p>“I think that’s a good idea.”</p>

      <p>“... You all are...”</p>

      <p>I told them of one of the problems of this side of the capital, and this idiot trio’s affection for the place shot up for some reason. <em>Like, stopping the war in the first place would be best, right? I don’t think we should be taking sides in this at all.</em></p>

      <p><em>I mean, we’d probably win...</em></p>

      <p>I did some light research on the average levels in this place, and they’re around level 50 at best. No matter how many tens or hundreds of thousands of them were around, any one of us could take them on. <em>Well, I’m not sure about Dina, though.</em></p>

      <p>But if we did that, I’d just be sliding back into being the Great Conqueror whom everyone feared. I’d be wanted all over the world by the next day.</p>

      <p>While I was busy thinking on how to prevent war, Dina coolly made a suggestion. “Jokes aside, wouldn’t it be okay to just leave them alone? Merak should be the one solving this country’s problems. I don’t believe you should concern yourself with this, Miss Lufas. Let them clean up their own mess.”</p>

      <p>Well, given my position, there really was no need to go so far out of my way to stick my nose into this country’s business. After all, I’m a villain in this world’s eyes anyway.</p>

      <p><em>Even I can understand that if I’m too careless things’ll get messy.</em></p>

      <p>“Dina, doing that will break the balance that has been upheld by the three remaining heroes and invite an attack from the devilfolk. Allowing the Devil King’s forces to gain even more momentum will not be good for us... At the very least, the remaining heroes must be available to hold back the devilfolk for us until we gather the rest of us Twelve Heavenly Stars and regain our former power.”</p>

      <p><em>Ohh, Libra’s making some good points for once. She’s kind of making it sound like we’re profiting while others fight, but it’s still better than Dina’s idea of just leaving them to their business.</em></p>

      <p>My good impression was shattered almost immediately.</p>

      <p>“So I suggest we side with the black town, sweep away the white faction, and unite the country. This current state where the country is split down the middle is not favorable, and they are just getting in each other’s way. It would be best to solve this quickly. Also, with the black faction in control, Gjallarhorn can become a pawn for Master Lufas later down the road.”</p>

      <p><em>Hey, Libra, are your insides just pitch-black or something? So basically, you’re suggesting that the white town is in the way so we should just make them disappear and that later we can have Merak and the Devil King crush each other, right?</em></p>

      <p><em>You’re right that rather than having both sides hold each other back, having one side take control and unify the country will make it much harder for the devilfolk to attack. But isn’t what you’re suggesting just too severe?</em></p>

      <p><em>And as for Aries... Doesn’t look like he’s got any suggestions, huh? He’s never been one for asserting himself anyway. I guess he’s just letting us take care of it.</em></p>

      <p><em>But what should I do?</em> Dina and Libra’s suggestions were too cold and unfeeling, but they did have a point.</p>

      <p>But I couldn’t bring myself to destroy an entire town as I was now. I couldn’t become that heartless, and at the very least, I didn’t have any personal grudge against Merak or this country.</p>

      <p>I just wanted to pluck out that Jupitarr person and that devilfolk guy, Jupiter, from the equation and leave the rest to Merak.</p>

      <p>“...Right now, it is as Libra said. Having this country and Merak fall to ruin would be bad for us. But still, We do not desire to choose one side and eliminate the other. At any rate, we must first find Jupiter and Jupitarr and capture them. If all goes well, we may be able to stop this civil war. ...Actually, aren’t those two just the same person?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, it would make sense.”</p>

      <p><em>Given the circumstances, Jupiter and Jupitarr are most likely the same person. At least, I think so.</em></p>

      <p>It seemed like Dina agreed, and both Libra and Aries nodded.</p>

      <p>First, concerning Jupiter: if he hadn’t been stopped by Libra, then given the direction he was moving in, there was a high chance he would have encountered Dina from what I was hearing. And Dina tailed a suspicious figure that passed by the front of the clock tower (apparently his name was Laide or something), gaining information about a plot to start a civil war and a man named Jupitarr.</p>

      <p>So I put two and two together. Jupiter wasn’t heading for the clock tower but past it, towards the secret meeting place that Dina had stumbled upon. Also, the suspicious guy claimed that Jupitarr wasn’t there at the appointed time. So it was easy to conclude that he was forced to be absent due to encountering Libra and being forced to retreat.</p>

      <p>And to wrap it all up, there was Jupiter’s disguise. When Libra first spotted him, he had apparently changed the color of his skin to pretend to be human. It was actually almost too obvious.</p>

      <p><em>I guess we can just straight-up decide that Jupiter = Jupitarr.</em></p>

      <p>There was no merit for any human in driving this place to civil war in the first place. What would someone have to be thinking to take down one of their own guardians when their world was on the brink of collapse?</p>

      <p>But if it was Jupiter, one of the devilfolk who was just disguised as a human, everything would make sense.</p>

      <p>“All right, let us first concentrate on capturing Jupiter. This situation should change for the better if we manage to take him.”</p>

      <p>“Am I not allowed to kill him?”</p>

      <p>“Bring him back alive if at all possible. We want to drag him out in public as evidence.”</p>

      <p>It didn’t sound good, but I figured that a scapegoat would be needed to stop this atmosphere of two sides rushing headlong into civil war. If I were to try to stop them now, it probably wouldn’t work. It was hard to admit to making a mistake, especially on a national level. This was one of those situations where you just couldn’t afford to back down. But if it was all the fault of a third party, then it was possible to foist all the responsibility onto them.</p>

      <p><em>‘We were all just being manipulated. Now, let’s all shake hands and get along...’ Like that.</em></p>

      <p>It was a method that had been used to death in manga and novels and stuff. Basically, just make one person into an easy bad guy and frame it so that everything was their fault.</p>

      <p><em>It’s not really a good thing to do, but well...</em></p>

      <p>“Understood... Order to capture alive confirmed.”</p>

      <p>“However.”</p>

      <p>“...?”</p>

      <p>“Your own safety is top priority. If attempting to capture him alive should ever become dangerous, We rescind our order. —If you judge it to be too dangerous, We do not mind if you kill him. Of course, We also give you permission to run.”</p>

      <p>I gave Libra and the others permission to kill easily, surprising even me.</p>

      <p>The thing I valued most in this world was their lives. I had nowhere to go, and Dina, Libra, and Aries were as close as I had to family in this place. So I didn’t hesitate to give them permission. I’d rather have them kill others than let them die.</p>

      <p><em>My morals have gotten warped, haven’t they? Just where did my old faint-of-heart self go? The one that used to not even be able to look at the carcass of a small animal?</em></p>

      <p>“Be at ease, my master. I did not lie about my probability of winning. As long as I am properly prepared, someone like Jupiter can be easily captured.”</p>

      <p>“How reliable. Then We shall endeavor to raise your probability of winning as much as possible and craft some ammunition.”</p>

      <p><em>Let’s trust Libra on this one for now. </em>She’d said she could do it, so I needed to believe her. At the moment, she was the only one who knew what the enemy looked like, so I had to leave it to her anyway.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Libra was silently staring at me.</p>

      <p>What? Did she still have something to say? Or was she waiting for something from me? <em>Honestly, if you just stay silent like that I won’t be able to figure out anything. Shouldn’t you say something? Anything?</em></p>

      <p><em>...For now let’s just say something random.</em></p>

      <p>“...We hereby order our loyal servant, Libra of the Scales, one of our Twelve Heavenly Stars. Do not die, and fulfill your duty to bring that member of the devilfolk before us. We expect much from you.”</p>

      <p>Libra answered like she’d been waiting for it this entire time.</p>

      <p>“YES, MY MASTER!”</p>

      <p>Apparently she really was just waiting for my order.</p>

      <p>Would she have continued to stand there forever if I didn’t order her? <em>I really don’t understand her personality at all...</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>What a strange situation this had become.</p>

      <p>While I concentrated on using Alchemy to craft bullets and weapons for Libra, I heaved a sigh.</p>

      <p>All I wanted to do in this country was meet Merak, one of the Seven Heroes, and determine whether or not he was the same as me inside. As long as I managed that, I’d planned to get out as soon as possible, but I guess things just weren’t that convenient.</p>

      <p>They were one step away from civil war even without me stepping in. If I left them alone, they’d self-destruct.</p>

      <p>And that was bad. What was bad about it? If the country imploded and Merak got killed, humanity would have lost one of its protectors and been pushed even closer to the brink.</p>

      <p>And the reason for this war was half my fault. I couldn’t just ignore this.</p>

      <p>Basically, two hundred years ago when Merak defeated Lufas, the white wings and colored wings who had started to get along split into two distinct and opposing factions. And now they were about ready to go at it at any time.</p>

      <p><em>...Yeah, uhh, this is no good.</em></p>

      <p><em>Anyway, first, I need to do something about this situation.</em></p>

      <p>I’d asked Libra to capture that devilfolk leader, Jupiter, but it would be better for me to do what I could before that happened. And the most obvious thing to me was to have Merak actually do something about both sides.</p>

      <p>Honestly, this was the best, least-troublesome solution. Especially since some part of the blame lay with him, in my opinion. So if I spurred him into action somehow, it shouldn’t be impossible to stop this civil war before it started.</p>

      <p>But I was a famous villain, and the people of this country lived long lives, so they totally remembered me. I mean, they had a statue up and everything. That meant boldly walking in through the front door was out of the question.</p>

      <p>But going in covered in a robe was also bad. I’d just be suspicious anyway. If that were the case, then maybe I should try cross-dressing like I’d thought of earlier.</p>

      <p><em>I can do something about the clothes with Alchemy. </em>First, I tied my hair up behind my neck and used fake glasses to hide my face. I wore a black hat to change the impression I gave. Then I bound my chest tightly and put on a white shirt. <em>Black should be a fine color for the pants. </em></p>

      <p>Lastly, I wore the usual red mantle over everything and hid my wings with the stealth bandages.</p>

      <p>“Hmmm... We just need to do something about this way of speech...”</p>

      <p>I checked myself out in front of a mirror I created.</p>

      <p><em>Hm, it’s kind of... It’s weird saying this about myself, but even if I cross-dress I still come off kinda girly since I was originally super pretty. My face is still a little too pretty to be a man’s. Maybe a fake beard...? No, a beard would be too unnatural for this face.</em></p>

      <p>If I’d known this was going to happen I would have taken the Strider’s disguise ability... It was a fun skill that let people change their appearance for a while.</p>

      <p><em>Damn!</em> I had ignored the skill since you needed to pay for it on top of it being dead useless in most cases, but it would have been really good here.</p>

      <p>And most importantly, there was my speech pattern. Even if I tried, it just didn’t want to budge. It was as if something inside me was resisting. My speech pattern was stubbornly set in place.</p>

      <p><em>It’s too bad, but I guess I have no choice but to pretend to be mute.</em></p>

      <p>“May I come in now, Master Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, you may.”</p>

      <p>While I was posing in front of the mirror, Libra opened the door and entered.</p>

      <p>It didn’t really matter, but I was currently in my private room at the inn. Surprisingly, this inn had a private room inside the larger room we were renting.</p>

      <p><em>No, don’t just say that’s normal. It’s pretty rare for this world.</em></p>

      <p>So, I was currently using that room to try on my disguise.</p>

      <p>At first, Libra wanted to help me change, but I rejected that. I could just imagine the weird clothes she’d put me in if I left it to her. It was scary.</p>

      <p>“How is it, Libra? Does it suit us?”</p>

      <p>“Anything you wear always suits you, Master Lufas. However, at the risk of sounding rude, I will opine that the way you look will probably excite any homosexual men.”</p>

      <p>“...So you mean I’m not manly?”</p>

      <p>“You are manlier than Aries.”</p>

      <p><em>She really doesn’t pull any punches, does she? Well, it’s better than being weirdly considerate.</em></p>

      <p><em>Actually, Aries says pretty much whatever he wants, too, and Dina’s also similarly free. Could it be? Do all of my subordinates just not know what tact is? </em></p>

      <p>“If I were to suggest something, I would say that you should wear sunglasses rather than glasses.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. That sounds like it would work.”</p>

      <p>True, my face was well-known. Just glasses might not have been enough.<em> Let’s make sunglasses later.</em></p>

      <p>“Also, We have finished transmuting your supplies. They are over there, so take what you like.” I pointed to a corner of the room.</p>

      <p>“You have my thanks.”</p>

      <p>Libra bowed before walking over to where I’d left the weaponry I’d made for her. Then, after some clattering noises, she stored everything somewhere within her body.</p>

      <p><em>...No, wait a second. How did you just do that? There was clearly more there than would ever fit in your body...</em></p>

      <p>“My probability of capturing Jupiter has now risen. The next time we meet will be his last,” Libra said, sounding really reliable.</p>

      <p><em>I do feel like this is raising some sort of flag, but I can’t think of any reason why she would lose.</em></p>

      <p>Considering the member of the Seven Luminaries (lol) I’d fought before, Jupiter should only be around level 300. Libra’s attribute countered him, too. Libra should win by a landslide.</p>

      <p><em>Let’s just leave Jupiter to Libra for now.</em> I should figure out how to get to Merak. And I could get Aries and Dina to go investigate the extremists or something. <em>I’m kind of curious how big the white-wing faction’s ‘volunteer army’ is anyway.</em></p>

      <p>“By the way, Master Lufas, I have not seen Dina for a while now. Do you know where she might be?”</p>

      <p>“? Can you not figure that out using your sensors?”</p>

      <p>“No, she is not within 100 km of our current location. I can only surmise she is somewhere outside of this country,” Libra said, sounding puzzled.</p>

      <p>Something came to me. “Ah!” I lightly smacked my fist onto my open palm. She’d probably just used teleportation magic to go back to the tower.</p>

      <p><em>Oh right, Libra doesn’t know Dina can use teleportation magic.</em></p>

      <p>“You need not worry. She can use teleportation magic. She’s most likely returned to the tower to raise money or something.”</p>

      <p>“Teleportation magic... Could that be Exgate?”</p>

      <p>“Hm? No. Come to think of it, We have not heard any specifics on it.”</p>

      <p>“That is surprising. Is there some sort of spell other than Exgate for teleportation in this day and age?”</p>

      <p>I felt a light headache coming on after hearing what Libra said.</p>

      <p><em>What is it...? I feel like something’s wrong...</em></p>

      <p><em>...No, that’s not important right now. But I do understand Libra’s surprise. </em>After all, two hundred years ago teleportation magic didn’t exist.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, right.</em> No such convenient magic existed in <em>Exgate Online.</em></p>

      <p>There were many ways to travel in the game. There was a way to instantly get to a different location, of course, but that was just fast travel—immediately switching from one map to another. In the game, you were still treated as having traveled there normally. The only exception was Exgate. But once again, the word only ever appeared in lore. No one could actually obtain it as a skill.</p>

      <p>Then that would make Dina’s ‘teleportation magic’ either Exgate or some new spell that had appeared over the last two hundred years.</p>

      <p>But why was this...? Why did I only remember something like this now? Why had I just accepted it like it was only natural?</p>

      <p>“Master Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“! A-Ahh, right. Now that We think about it, Dina never told us what it was. Let us ask her when she returns.”</p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it, I don’t actually know much about Dina at all.</em></p>

      <p>It was certain that she had been a background NPC in the game, but in terms of information, that was near nothing. She was neither a golem I’d taken an active hand in creating, like Libra, nor a monster that I’d tamed, like Aries.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t really... No, I really don’t like the idea of it, but we might need to have a talk once she comes back.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Dammit... That golem’s way too good...”</p>

      <p>Jupiter was tending to his wounds in a forest quite a distance away from town while spouting insults and profanities.</p>

      <p>It had all been going perfectly up until now. He’d named himself Jupitarr and succeeded in inciting those idiots in the white town to leading a civil war. All that was left to do was have the black and white sides destroy each other and then kill Merak once his country was destroyed.</p>

      <p><em>Of course, he’s still one of the Seven Heroes. Even with the Mark of the Vanquished, it probably won’t be easy to kill him. But as long as I can get his guards away from him in the confusion of the fighting, I’m confident that I can.</em></p>

      <p><em>Most importantly, Merak’s best at borrowing the power of the earth element. With my wood element, I’m at an advantage.</em></p>

      <p>Jupiter was currently 500 km away from the town he came from.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t know how wide that golem’s detection range is, but in the legends she’d keep chasing even if the target was over 100 km away. There’s even a story about how she sniped someone 200 km away. </em></p>

      <p>So just to be extra cautious, Jupiter had moved away several times that distance and even gone so far as to hide himself in a forest. Although it was a little troublesome to go that far, it was a distance that Jupiter could cover quickly.</p>

      <p><em>Still, things have gone really pear-shaped. As long as that golem’s there, I’ll probably get found out if I get even a little closer to that place. And unfortunately, I have no way to beat her in a fight.</em></p>

      <p><em>Goddammit. Just why did this have to happen...?! No, I know why. It’s because Lufas Maphaahl is here.</em></p>

      <p><em>But why NOW?! How did she manage to come at the worst time, like she was aiming for this moment?</em> The timing was so perfectly horrible Jupiter almost suspected someone else was pulling the strings.</p>

      <p><em>Fuck me. Just what is that asshole doing? Didn’t she get assigned to watch Lufas just so stuff like this wouldn’t happen?</em></p>

      <p>“Oh my. You seem worse for wear.”</p>

      <p>Jupiter heard a voice laughing merrily. The look that Jupiter sent in the direction of the voice could’ve killed. On the receiving end of that glare stood the very same being Jupiter had just been berating internally, hiding her mouth behind her hand as she laughed happily.</p>

      <p>She had blonde hair like moonlight that reached down to her thighs. And her face was almost too perfect.</p>

      <p>Wearing a pure white robe, Jupiter’s enigmatic colleague strode towards him.</p>

      <p>She was Venus, one of the Seven Luminaries—a devilish being in the form of a beautiful girl who presided over the metal element. Her skin color was an almost-clear white, but it was just camouflage. She looked nothing like a devilfolk.</p>

      <p><em>Our great leader who rules the Sun attribute brought her in and said that she’s a proper devilfolk, but I still find her suspicious. For some reason, our leader seems to fully trust her. She just gives me the creeps.</em></p>

      <p>“You... How dare you pop up now, of all times.”</p>

      <p>“Oh my. How scary. I don’t like you when you’re mad.”</p>

      <p>“Shut up! Why didn’t you come to support me?! And Lufas Maphaahl is here! Why didn’t you stop her? At least report it! It’s thanks to you that I’m like this!”</p>

      <p>“Oh? So you’re going to put it like that. You realize I was waiting at our agreed-upon spot for ages? Not only did you keep a lady waiting, but you completely stood her up after you promised a date. You’re a failure of a man.”</p>

      <p>It was clear Venus was taunting him with her obvious fake-crying. Jupiter glared at her with an expression of such hatred it seemed like his teeth would grind into dust. But Venus didn’t seem to care; she just kept on going shamelessly.</p>

      <p>“You know I was planning to report to you? You’re the one who never showed up.”</p>

      <p>“Grk! ...Th-Then why did you just let them come here?! Couldn’t you have stopped them?!”</p>

      <p>“As if someone like me could stop the famous Great Conqueror. Don’t ask for the impossible. The best I can do is watch where she’s going.”</p>

      <p>Jupiter clicked his tongue loudly enough for Venus to hear in response to her excuses.</p>

      <p><em>She’s always like this. She just dodges all my questions, slippery as an eel. I really can’t stand her.</em></p>

      <p>“But I do feel guilty about this. That’s why I came to help you tonight.”</p>

      <p>“What? Help?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, help. She’s in the way, right? That golem, I mean. I can keep her at bay, if only for a little while.”</p>

      <p>Jupiter looked doubtful after hearing her proposal.</p>

      <p>The proposal itself was like a gift from the heavens, a saving grace. In fact, Jupiter currently had no other option than to rely on it.</p>

      <p>“...Can you really do it?”</p>

      <p>“Definitely. For twenty minutes at most.”</p>

      <p>“... Twenty minutes...”</p>

      <p><em>Twenty minutes... How short.</em></p>

      <p><em>But I could make a round trip in that much time if I got right up to the edge of her detection range. Then I can go there, attack the white town at random, and then tell those idiots that the black town is attacking. Once I do that, they’ll just kill each other on their own.</em></p>

      <p><em>As for Merak... I think I’ll just have to let Merak live for now.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’ll settle for destroying the country, and then I’ll just wait for Lufas and her party to go away. Even they’d lose interest and leave if the country were no longer there. Lufas may be the enemy of us devilfolk, but she should also be the enemy of the Seven Heroes... She’ll definitely leave.</em></p>

      <p><em>I can just figure out a way to assassinate Merak after that.</em></p>

      <p>“Understood. ...Don’t you dare fail. Also, use this magic stone for the signal.”</p>

      <p>“A wind attribute magic stone?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. If you use this, I’ll get the message. Got it? Make sure you don’t screw up!” Jupiter pushed the stone into Venus’ hands before sitting back down.</p>

      <p>Venus, with nothing more to say, left silently with a smile plastered on her face filled with contempt and disdain for Jupiter.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>It was nighttime now. After a short day which seemed to go on forever, I was currently lying down on a bed thinking.</p>

      <p>Aries had already gone to sleep, and Libra was standing in a corner of the room, as always. <em>...She doesn’t even twitch, so it really does seem like she’s just decoration. But I’m sure she’ll move if something happens.</em></p>

      <p><em>Having Merak take action is probably the best way to solve all of this town’s problems. But Merak’s the king of this country. It’s not going to be easy to make contact. I could probably sneak in without being noticed, but that’s a far cry from a peaceful method.</em></p>

      <p>I kept repeating this, but I wanted to stay away from any and all turmoil.</p>

      <p><em>So, the question is how I get in touch... Really, I have no idea what to do.</em></p>

      <p>Libra had detected someone who seemed like Merak, but they just wouldn’t move from the castle. <em>Do your damn job, Sky King. Or do you plan on throwing away your title of Sky King for the title of Idle King?</em></p>

      <p>“...I’m baaaack... Huh? ...Is everyone asleep?”</p>

      <p>As I was gradually turning into a useless decoration that couldn’t come up with any solutions at all, my skilled advisor returned, opening the door and sneaking in.</p>

      <p>I supposed giving a greeting, even if in a whisper, made her very polite, in a way.</p>

      <p>I had something I wanted to ask Dina about. Libra was also signaling me by moving her eyes slightly, suggesting that now was the time to confront her. But I silently shook my head, denying her suggestion since Aries was asleep right now. It probably wasn’t important enough to wake him up. It could wait until tomorrow.</p>

      <p>“—So, we will now start the interrogation of the accused.”</p>

      <p>“Everything you say will be added to my memory banks, so please feel free to spill everything.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? What?”</p>

      <p>It was the next day.</p>

      <p>Libra and I captured Dina, who’d crawled her way out of bed seeming awfully carefree. We cornered her behind a table and surrounded her so she couldn’t get away.</p>

      <p>I honestly felt like it was about time we took a scalpel to the mysteries around Dina and figured out the truth. She was too talented to just be a former background NPC. She could use teleportation magic, too. It was like she was just asking us to suspect her.</p>

      <p>It could have only been that her presence was just so weak that we never noticed her abilities, but I couldn’t imagine that was right.</p>

      <p>Put bluntly, she was in no way weak. In fact, she was strong. I just couldn’t believe that she had ever faded into the background looking at her now, but that might also be because she had changed.</p>

      <p>If this were the game, I’d get it. <em>If</em> this were the game, that was. But, no. This was reality, and Aries and Libra were here, too. Apparently Libra was missing some of her memory data, but it was pretty strange for Aries to have forgotten her.</p>

      <p>“Starting off: Dina, as for the teleportation magic you use, is that Exgate?”</p>

      <p>“I have heard your claim that you cannot use it on others ‘unless they give you their permission.’ That coincides with one of the usage conditions of Exgate.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes. It’s Exgate.”</p>

      <p>...</p>

      <p><em>Hey, she just admitted it outright.</em></p>

      <p><em>No, wait. Now that I think about it, there really wasn’t a reason to hide that fact. </em>In fact, she wasn’t really hiding it at all.</p>

      <p>It was a rare technique, but apparently someone else used it to summon me here, too.<em> If that low-level elf guy could use it, then, well... Yeah. I’m feeling stupid for interrogating her about it.</em></p>

      <p>“Uhh, next. Tell the truth. Just what are you? We do barely remember you from two hundred years ago, so at the very least you are no human, right? But you don’t have the characteristics of an elf, heaven-winged, or vampire, either...”</p>

      <p>“I’m just a half-elf?”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p><em>...Ahh, right... </em>There were half-races, weren’t there?</p>

      <p><em>If she’s mixed between a human and an elf, well, it makes sense that she has the appearance of a human but the lifespan of an elf.</em></p>

      <p><em>You couldn’t make half-races in the MMO, could you? ...This is also totally my mistake.</em></p>

      <p>“The reason for all your talents...”</p>

      <p>“I trained really hard these past two hundred years so that I wouldn’t blend into the background! I’ll say it again. I am not the background!”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p><em>Okay, so it was so important you wanted to say it twice. I understand.</em></p>

      <p><em>What now? </em>I ran out of things to ask her.</p>

      <p>Dina seemed somewhat proud of the fact that she’d evaded all our questions perfectly.</p>

      <p>I looked over at Libra, hoping for help, but she simply made an X sign with her arms.</p>

      <p><em>I guess this interrogation is over. It’s our loss. She’s innocent.</em></p>

      <p><em>Hmm. Was I just thinking too much? I guess that headache might have just been a random headache without any meaning.</em></p>

      <p><em>Oh, no. Aren’t I acting really shamefully?</em></p>

      <p><em>Actually, I could just do that. </em>I could have just used Observing Eye.<em> Why did I never think to use this on her until now? ...That’s weird, even to me.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Dina</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 300</p>

      <p>【Race】: Half-Elf</p>

      <p>【Class Levels】</p>

      <p>・Acolyte: 100</p>

      <p>・Priest: 100</p>

      <p>・Mage: 100</p>

      <p>【HP】: 11000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 9800</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 650</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 1000</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 683</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 3850</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 900</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 2967</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 643<br/> /&gt;</p>

      <p><em>Oh, what? You’re actually strong, Dina.</em></p>

      <p>She didn’t match up to the Twelve Heavenly Stars or me, but she could totally fight evenly against the Seven Luminaries.</p>

      <p><em>...I’m still feeling like I’m missing something important, though.</em></p>

      <p>While I was thinking, Dina glanced over at a pendulum clock that was hung on the wall. She spoke up as if she’d just remembered something.</p>

      <p>“Ah, right. I just thought of something. I can teleport Libra anywhere with my teleportation magic.”</p>

      <p>“Hm? So it is impossible for us but possible for Libra?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Inorganic objects aren’t subject to Exgate’s restrictions. Otherwise, I’d have to take off all my clothes. And since Libra is a golem, I should be able to bring her with me using Exgate.”</p>

      <p>The reason why I wasn’t able to travel using Exgate was because somewhere in my heart, I didn’t completely trust Dina. And in truth, I had just been interrogating her because of my doubts, so it would be hard to claim that I trusted her. That would probably be seen as rejection, and I wouldn’t be able to use Exgate.</p>

      <p><em>Dammit. Does that mean if I didn’t harbor any strange doubts I’d be able to teleport?</em></p>

      <p>“We could test it now if you’d like. Using this would be much smoother if we were to test it out several times now rather than having to wing it.”</p>

      <p>“Hm... What do you think, Libra? We believe there is value in trying it.”</p>

      <p>“...I judge that there will be no problems. Jupiter has yet to approach this area. As long as he does not somehow have a convenient way of sensing that I am gone, the probability that he will use this opportunity to attack is less than 5%.”</p>

      <p>Libra herself told me that her maximum sensor range was 150 km. In other words, Libra’s statement meant that Jupiter was at least 150 km away. Then as long as he didn’t attack as soon as Libra left, there would be no problems.</p>

      <p><em>Hm. Well, nothing bad will happen. Probably.</em></p>

      <p>I gave permission for their experiment.</p>

      <p>“Ah, right. Then why don’t we take this chance to organize your equipment, Miss Lufas? I wouldn’t be that great at figuring out which ones are useful by myself... Really, I’m just not that knowledgeable about weapons.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>“Master, it will require around ten minutes. Is that okay?”</p>

      <p>“Sure. We do not mind.”</p>

      <p><em>There’s no way Jupiter would just happen to show up in the space of the next ten minutes.</em></p>

      <p>Assured by that thought, I sent the two of them off. Once they had teleported away, I returned to my room and rolled around on the bed.</p>

      <p><em>The time to act will come after the two of them get back. Then we can have a discussion on how to approach Merak.</em></p>

      <p>A scant seven minutes after that, someone attacked the white town and suddenly everything was kicking off.</p>

      <p><em>Wai— Wha—... Really?!</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>The Sky King Merak’s life was constantly filled with glory and honor.</p>

      <p>He was born with good looks, of course, but he also had an excellent sense for heaven-arts. More importantly, his wings were a white so pure they almost shined.</p>

      <p>His father was the king of the heaven-winged, and his mother was the queen. He was blessed with anything and everything; his life started at its peak. Others called him the Holy Child of Light Born of the Emperor—and he himself never doubted that his position was above others.</p>

      <p>He was special, born to the Emperor and with a large amount of talent on top of that. For those reasons, he believed that he was the most fit to lead others. He was certain that he would be the one to save the people if they were suffering.</p>

      <p>But that was nothing more than the road that was laid out for him. It was not something he decided for himself. Ever since he was born, he had never once made a decision on his own.</p>

      <p>However, she was different.</p>

      <p>Lufas Maphaahl was different.</p>

      <p>She was like the mirror opposite of Merak with her taboo black wings. She had nothing close to glory or honor. A child of ill omen, a demon child, an abominable child—she was referred to as all those things. She had stones thrown at her, and she was constantly showered with looks of disdain. Even her name—Lufas Maphaahl—was taken from the evil demons Halfas and Malphas, who dragged people into depravity. Her original family name was something different, but she wasn’t even allowed to have that.</p>

      <p>But she never allowed any of that to bury her. Instead, she used it as fuel. She turned the whole world against her, crushed it under her foot, and ridiculed all the heaven-winged, as if saying what small people they were for crying out like that in their tiny village.</p>

      <p>She waged war on every country in the world without discrimination, and her acts of absorbing them all into her territory were ironically just like the deeds of the demons she was named after. Everyone shivered, saying that she really was a demon child.</p>

      <p>But Merak thought she was blindingly radiant.</p>

      <p>The throne Merak sat on had been given to him. It wasn’t something he’d taken for himself with his own power, like her throne. Merak’s people had been there from the beginning. They weren’t like the people who had pledged loyalty to her of their own will. The course of Merak’s life had been decided from the moment he was born, unlike her, who’d decided her course for herself.</p>

      <p><em>Those who have, and those who have not. White and black. Light and shadow.</em></p>

      <p>There was no doubt that Merak was more blessed with his surroundings.</p>

      <p>However, if one looked closer, they’d find that she had ownership of the world within her grasp, clawing her way up until even the devilfolk couldn’t easily lay their hands on her. Before Merak noticed, he was looking up at her.</p>

      <p><em>Could I do that? Could I, after being born with black wings and living in the worst of environments, turn all of that around and climb that far? ...No way. It’d be impossible for me.</em></p>

      <p><em>She is the true king—one that grasps power no matter what environment they were born in. That makes for a true king.</em></p>

      <p>That was why Merak was consumed by a thought even now.</p>

      <p>Every day since he’d defeated Lufas, Merak asked himself something. And he always came up with the same answer.</p>

      <p><em>I’m not fit to be king...</em></p>

      <p>“That is why I’m telling you, Your Majesty. You must show the power of a hero to those uppity filthy-wings and shut them up!”</p>

      <p>“No. We should instead exile them from the country.”</p>

      <p>“The discontent of your citizens is rising. It’s because you treat them as equals for some reason that they’re so conceited!”</p>

      <p>Merak looked at the chirping ministers surrounding him as if this was somehow happening to someone else. <em>They all place so much importance on the whiteness of wings, but that’s outdated. If we keep on like this, the heaven-winged will eventually decline.</em></p>

      <p><em>Not only is the overall population of heaven-winged low in the first place, but quite a number of them are born with strangely colored wings. Since the trend is more pronounced in areas with more mana, the mana in the air is most likely the cause of their wings being colored.</em></p>

      <p><em>If that’s the case, the color of one’s wings shows how much as well as what kinds of mana one absorbed before they were born. Wouldn’t that mean the ones with darker wings would be superior? Isn’t the only reason why the heaven-winged’s wings are white because we’d been living in a mountain with sparse mana?</em></p>

      <p>Recently, Merak had started to think that way. And if he was right, then that would mean the heaven-winged were running away from their own evolution.</p>

      <p><em>All these people talk big, but the ones with colored wings started living here first. They should’ve been prioritized in the first place.</em></p>

      <p>Gjallarhorn was originally something Merak founded for those with colored wings who had nowhere else to live. The reason for it was nothing more than atonement for having betrayed Lufas. But in a fit of irony, the “Maiden” Parthenos—one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars who were Lufas’ subordinates—occupied the white-winged’s hometown.</p>

      <p>As a result, Merak had no choice but to accept them. Once he did, they once again gripped the reins of power and quickly started discriminating against and throwing stones at those with colored wings. <em>It’s like nothing’s changed at all.</em></p>

      <p>That was why the white-wings were the ones who were multiplying, and the colored-wings were nothing more than victims.</p>

      <p>In that case, Merak should just have told them all off. He should have said they all needed to cut it out.</p>

      <p>But Merak understood the feelings of those in the white-winged faction. There was no way long-standing tradition and what was considered common sense in the past could be reformed so suddenly, so Merak found himself wanting to take their opinions into account, at least a little. And the current situation was a result of Merak refusing to take sides.</p>

      <p>Both the black and white sides were dissatisfied, losing trust in Merak. The country’s delicate peace could blow up at any second.</p>

      <p><em>I’m so incompetent...</em> Merak’s answer to his self-imposed question bound him firmly. It all started and ended with self-abuse.</p>

      <p>But today, things didn’t end like that.</p>

      <p>It was time to pay the price for allowing the problems of this country to continue for so long.</p>

      <p>A part of the white town exploded. At the same time that the reports started rolling in, Merak realized that civil war was now unavoidable.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Suddenly, bullets of wind rained down on the white town, destroying houses and other buildings. Several people were wounded or crushed under their houses as a result. The white town should have been peaceful but was engulfed in fear and confusion in an instant, becoming a tumult that took over the area.</p>

      <p>“It’s an attack! Those bastards from the black town are attacking us!”</p>

      <p>That was when Jupiter, disguised as a human, started shouting false information. Of course, that attack was something he’d committed himself, but no one else knew that. The people of the white town were already paranoid, so they wouldn’t think it was the doing of anyone other than the black town.</p>

      <p>All that was already enough to set off the people of the white town, but a voice reverberated through their heads, striking the final blow.</p>

      <p><b>“Kill them.”</b></p>

      <p>The voice sounded demonic, and just listening to it seemed like it would shave away at one’s sanity. It produced more discomfort than nails on a chalkboard by several tenfold, and the voice disturbed the hearts of everyone in the area.</p>

      <p><b>“Kill if you detest them.”</b></p>

      <p>The next moment, they all caught a glimpse of an incarnation of a demon. It had a goat’s head on a human body with bat wings growing out of its torso. Its image was exactly that of a demon from myth.</p>

      <p>Said form spoke, stirring up the hatred inside them.</p>

      <p><b>“Kill.”</b></p>

      <p>The residents of the white town lost their reason and sanity.</p>

      <p>There was the sudden attack, the confusion, and the fear. And then there was the incitement. The demon’s invitation seemed to be directly whispering to the hearts of the residents of the white town.</p>

      <p>The heaven-winged of the white town—who up until now may have discriminated against the other side but nevertheless toed the line—changed into beings with absolutely evil countenances not unlike demons themselves as they all reached for weapons.</p>

      <p>“Kill them.”</p>

      <p>“Kill them all!”</p>

      <p>“Drive them out!”</p>

      <p>The angel’s descendants, driven to madness, all shouted in unison as they formed up in rows and columns. There was no discrimination between young and old, male and female. Even the children joined the formation while screaming hateful curses.</p>

      <p>There was no longer any sense of reason holding them back.</p>

      <p>“Those bastards from the white town are attacking! They’re going to kill us all!”</p>

      <p>The black town was in an uproar. They already knew that the white side of town hated them and wanted them gone, but somewhere in their hearts, they didn’t take that seriously. After all, they were the first ones to settle in this country, and the king had said the country was made for them. That was why they thought they were safe.</p>

      <p>But there were also people who had expected this to happen. The reddish-black-winged man who Lufas had met, for instance.</p>

      <p><em>See? Look at that. I knew that opportunistic king couldn’t be trusted. He was the one who killed Lufas in the first place and sent us all back down to hell. In the end, he’s just another white-wing supremacist. He’s no different from the others. He looks down on us with disdain.</em></p>

      <p><b>“Take.”</b></p>

      <p>That was when they all heard a voice.</p>

      <p>It was a demon’s whisper which instantly melted away their reason, driving them berserk. The voice spread throughout the black town, magnifying their feelings of anger.</p>

      <p><b>“Take before you are taken from.”</b></p>

      <p>Not wanting to be stolen from was completely natural, something that everyone felt.</p>

      <p>Up until now, the people of the black town were always being stolen from and oppressed. They were discriminated against just because of the color of their wings, and simply clung to each other without even a place to live. And as soon as they thought they had gained the ruler they desired in Lufas, she was killed by Merak, and they were once again targets of oppression.</p>

      <p>So the question was, would they allow themselves to be stolen from again? Would they just allow things to repeat?</p>

      <p>“...We’ll steal from them.”</p>

      <p>Someone spat out a curse.</p>

      <p>“If they’re going to try to take from us, we’ll take from them instead!” another passionate voice shouted out from the crowd.</p>

      <p>Voices of anger started appearing one by one, matching that fervor.</p>

      <p>“We’re at our limit! Enough already! Why is it always us who get treated this way?!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah! It makes no sense!”</p>

      <p>“Pick up your weapons! Teach them what it feels like to be stolen from! Who cares about that ‘king’?! We’ll take this country from them and make it our own!”</p>

      <p>The descendants of angels, filled with the intent to kill, shouted in unison as they grouped up and advanced.</p>

      <p>Male or female, young or old—none of that mattered. If they didn’t act now, they wouldn’t be able to protect what they needed to. If they didn’t take, they would be taken from.</p>

      <p>There was no longer any thought nor desire for peace. All that these people had were a couple hundred years’ worth of accumulated resentment and anger.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p><em>...Oh boy. This is no good.</em></p>

      <p>I was currently looking down on Gjallarhorn from a height only some high-level heaven-winged would be able to reach, lost as to what to do next.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, yeah. I guess I should say that things have finally gotten started?</em></p>

      <p>Someone’s attack on the white town was the spark that had sent everyone on that side on a rampage, and in order to oppose that, everyone on the black side had gone berserk as well.</p>

      <p><em>I’d be willing to bet this is Jupiter’s doing, though.</em></p>

      <p>To be honest, I felt his timing was too perfect. There was no doubt that he somehow knew that Libra was absent, and that was why he’d attacked. At the same time, I didn’t believe that he’d managed that on his own.</p>

      <p>From what I could see, all the citizens on both sides had been affected by the “Berserk” status ailment. “Berserk” was a status ailment that caused one to lose their sense of reason and enter a state of being controlled by anger. In exchange for their attack power being doubled, they were only able to use standard attacks. It was a truly annoying ailment.</p>

      <p>But I didn’t know of any skill that could spread this ailment at such a large scale. If there were, it would be a spell. And it wouldn’t be from the wood element, but the moon element. So, Jupiter, who should’ve been wood-aligned, should not have been able to use it.</p>

      <p><em>Could it be? Could the moon element of the Seven Luminaries be here, too?</em></p>

      <p><em>At any rate, I should go back down and talk about this with Aries.</em></p>

      <p>I descended towards the ground once more and entered Aries’ room from the window.</p>

      <p>Inside, I found Aries deep in thought, making an expression like he was pondering something especially difficult.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Aries?”</p>

      <p>“Ye-eep?!”</p>

      <p>Aries seemed to have been really deep in thought. When I called out to him, Aries jumped like a foot into the air.</p>

      <p><em>To be able to sink that deep into thought even with all this ruckus? Just how carefree is he? I suppose that’s just a sheep for you.</em></p>

      <p>“Why are you so surprised? We have been examining the situation from the air. They are all affected by Berserk. It seems like there is someone else here who wants to crush this country other than that devilfolk, Jupiter.”</p>

      <p>“I...see.”</p>

      <p>“For now, We will attempt to find that devilfolk man. What will you do?”</p>

      <p>“...May I ask you a question before that, Miss Lufas?”</p>

      <p>While I was considering what sort of action to take next, Aries turned to face me with a serious expression for some reason. Judging from his expression, he was worrying about something or other.</p>

      <p>I decided that I should at least listen to what he wanted to ask.</p>

      <p>“It is fine. Speak.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you. That’s...uhhh... Supposing that one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars were involved in all of this... What would you do, Miss Lufas? This is assuming that they’re doing this out of loyalty for you.”</p>

      <p>“We would stop them even if We have to punch them back to their senses, of course. Then We would praise them afterwards. Loyalty is a fine thing, but We do not wish to see a country destroyed.”</p>

      <p><em>I have no idea why he asked that... No, wait. Is one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars actually involved?</em> At any rate, Aries’ expression got a lot calmer when I answered, as if his worries were all solved.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Wait, is there really another one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars here?</em></p>

      <p>“Thank you, Miss Lufas. Thanks to you, I know what I must do.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, wait a second, Aries. Could there really be...?”</p>

      <p>“It’ll be fine. Just leave it to me! I’ll go give him a good punch and stop him!” Aries sounded cheerful, and he left in a hurry without even listening to what I had to say.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars is totally involved.</em></p>

      <p>I hurried to give chase, but the roads were filled with Berserk heaven-winged. They were all in the way, and I couldn’t tell where Aries had gone. I had totally lost sight of him.</p>

      <p>“...! Agh, such a handful!”</p>

      <p>I didn’t like admitting it, but Aries was on the weaker side among the Twelve Heavenly Stars. Put bluntly, if he were to fight against the other members, he would lose to pretty much all of them.</p>

      <p>If Libra were the one going off, I wouldn’t have to worry about her since she’d win straight out against over half of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. In fact, I’d have to worry about whomever she was fighting. But Aries was different. If his opponent were Leon the “Lion” or someone like that, Aries would be in serious trouble. And he’d still lose against most of the others, too.</p>

      <p>Considering the ability to spread the Berserk status, the member of the Twelve Heavenly Stars this time would have to be... <em>Aigokeros. </em>He was one of the better opponents to be matched up against, but Aigokeros would still be a little much for Aries to handle.</p>

      <p>“Aries... Don’t be rash!”</p>

      <p><em>This country can come afterwards. I feel sorry for Merak, but taking care of my own is more important to me.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Looking down at the country that was being taken over by confusion, pandemonium, and madness, Jupiter laughed, satisfied.</p>

      <p><em>An accident occurred in the middle when Lufas Maphaahl stopped by the country, but everything still turned out fine somehow. Now, the country is finished. All that’s left is to have Aigokeros continue to agitate everyone, and the people of this country will probably just kill each other.</em></p>

      <p><em>It’s too bad I can’t kill Merak, but I can just find a chance to do that in the future. At any rate, he’s now a king without a country. There’s no doubt the opportunities to kill him will only increase from now on.</em></p>

      <p><em>Not to mention, there’s still the chance that Aigokeros will just go on to kill Merak now. After all, he’s one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars... He’s more than strong enough to kill Merak in his weakened state.</em></p>

      <p>“At any rate, my role in this is done. Now then, I need to hurry up and leave before that piece of junk comes back—”</p>

      <p>“—Before who comes back?”</p>

      <p>“!?!”</p>

      <p>As soon as Jupiter heard the voice behind him, he started preparing for a fight.</p>

      <p>There was no way he wouldn’t know that voice. There was no mistaking it. After all, that was the very voice of the one Jupiter most feared at the moment—the one he never wanted to meet.</p>

      <p>Jupiter turned around, and his expectations were not betrayed even if he’d wanted them to be. There, he saw an inorganic girl dressed as a maid. She was one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars under the Great Conqueror, Lufas. She was the one with the greatest power of annihilation—the constellation of the Scales.</p>

      <p>—She was Libra of the Scales, one of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Why...?!”</p>

      <p><em>Why is she back? </em>Jupiter only barely managed to shove that question back down his throat.</p>

      <p><em>That golem shouldn’t have been able to come back for twenty minutes. I know I took some time moving around and inciting this war, but I should still have had some time. So why is this thing here?!</em></p>

      <p>There was only one reason Jupiter could think of.</p>

      <p><em>Damn that Venus. She failed, didn’t she...!!</em> She might have been exposed, or something unexpected might have happened.</p>

      <p>Jupiter didn’t know why Libra was back so early. But what he did know was that his plans here had now completely failed, all because he couldn’t avoid encountering this killer maid for a second time.</p>

      <p>“Jupiter, one of the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries. I have already grasped all of your fighting habits, data, and your alignment in the previous battle. If we were to engage in battle now, your chances of victory would be lower than 0.02%... I strongly suggest that you surrender. I will warn you that if you do not comply, there is a 48% probability that you will end up losing one of your limbs.”</p>

      <p><em>On top of everything, there’s this, too.</em></p>

      <p><em>This golem learns all of her opponent’s habits and weaknesses during battle, and it all carries over to the next fight. In other words, if you fight her even once, the same tactics won’t work a second time. No, they’ll probably still work. But she’ll definitely have prepared a countermeasure.</em></p>

      <p>Jupiter’s elemental matchup with her was the worst. He was clearly disadvantaged in levels, and Libra had learned from their previous fight on top of that.</p>

      <p>This situation was the worst thing that could have happened to Jupiter.</p>

      <p>“GODDAMMIIIIITTTT!!”</p>

      <p>Jupiter accelerated using wind magic, tracing impossible trajectories in the air. He was using his extremely agile flight ability with wind, which had shaken off Libra once before.</p>

      <p>However, Libra’s gaze moved ahead of Jupiter himself, as if she already knew where he was going to go.</p>

      <p>“I have already seen that.”</p>

      <p>A streak of light then flashed from Libra’s eyes, piercing through Jupiter’s shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Gah?!”</p>

      <p>“Target enemy: offensive ability down 15%. Reaction speed: down 20% due to pain. Continuing attack.”</p>

      <p>Libra continued on to the next attack without a moment’s delay, targeting Jupiter, who was groaning in pain. She pulled a machine gun from the usual unknown space in her body and fired wildly!</p>

      <p>Jupiter reacted and tried to dodge, but all the bullets she fired followed after him.</p>

      <p>“Wha—!?!”</p>

      <p>“These are homing bullets that my master prepared for me. You will not escape them.”</p>

      <p>The bullets chased him at high speed. That in itself was fine. The homing bullets used by the Archer’s higher class, the Gunner, may have been rare in this day and age, but several did exist. But the bullets had been made by the Great Conqueror and were used by one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. Their speed, accuracy, and power were all on another level.</p>

      <p>The bullets grazed his clothes, pierced his arms and legs, and robbed him of his power to fight.</p>

      <p>Even so, Jupiter managed to make the sudden decision to cloak himself in wind, causing a tornado and deflecting all the bullets.</p>

      <p>Jupiter managed to gain a moment’s respite. But the sight of Libra charging into the tornado from straight above right afterwards caused his expression to freeze on his face.</p>

      <p>“I predicted that, too.”</p>

      <p>Libra had an iron fist, literally. She used her incredible strength to swing down a fist made of steel at Jupiter.</p>

      <p>Reacting in an instant, Jupiter blew himself away with his own wind, and Libra’s fist just barely grazed his cheek.</p>

      <p><em>...It should have just grazed me.</em></p>

      <p>But Jupiter flew towards the ground right afterwards, as if he was a meteor.</p>

      <p>Assaulted by a tremendous impact and pain through his cheek, Jupiter busted through houses. All failed to stop him as he continued to slide along the ground, gouging it out for several tens of meters before finally, miserably, coming to a stop.</p>

      <p><em>I should have dodged that punch. It should have just grazed me. But it still carried all this power. And I took all this damage.</em></p>

      <p>Jupiter turned pale and started imagining the worst.</p>

      <p><em>...If I hadn’t managed to dodge that, my entire head would have been pulped.</em></p>

      <p>“I will warn you once more. With that attack, your reaction speed has gone down a further 11%, and your current chances of victory have lowered to 0.00072%. I strongly advise you to cease any further resistance and surrender immediately.”</p>

      <p>Libra’s declaration was entirely devoid of emotion. There was no mercy, no compassion, not even any anger towards her enemy.</p>

      <p>To Jupiter, that was scarier than anything else in the world at the moment.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas!”</p>

      <p>As I was running and trying to dodge the crowd, Dina jumped out from the side of the road. <em>She should have teleported away with Libra. They must have finished organizing my equipment.</em> However, Libra was nowhere to be seen.</p>

      <p>I matched her speed and asked her about it. “Dina, that was quick. What happened to Libra?”</p>

      <p>“If you’re looking for Libra, she flew off somewhere as soon as we got back. It seems she sensed Jupiter.”</p>

      <p>After hearing my suspicions confirmed, I nodded.</p>

      <p>Just as I feared. Jupiter was pulling the strings behind everything that had happened tonight. He was making his final move.</p>

      <p>But unfortunately for him, Libra had come back. If Libra was already on it, then there was no need for me to do anything on that front at any rate. Right now, I needed to do something about Aries and the other member of the Twelve Heavenly Stars he was trying to punch into compliance.</p>

      <p>“Where’s Aries?”</p>

      <p>“He went off somewhere without heeding our calls to stop. It seems that one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars is involved in all this.”</p>

      <p>“One of the Twelve Heavenly Stars...?”</p>

      <p>Dina and I jumped onto a roof. Then, we continued to leap around, looking for Aries.</p>

      <p>“It depends on the opponent, but facing off against one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars is dangerous for Aries. We must go and stop the fight.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. I’ll help.”</p>

      <p>We continued jumping here and there, searching for Aries.</p>

      <p><em>Aggh, I’m terrible at searching and hunting for stuff. It’s times like these that I start to feel jealous of beastfolk.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Jupiter ran. He escaped through the complicated maze of buildings, attempting to evade Libra’s gaze by traveling through back alleyways.</p>

      <p><em>I need to get to someplace smaller, narrower! A place where I won’t be found!</em></p>

      <p>However, Libra cut him off. Buildings were destroyed as she descended and landed in front of him. And without delay, she fired! Several hundreds or even thousands of bullets zipped through the urban area accompanied by a clamorous, thunderous sound.</p>

      <p>“Dammit!”</p>

      <p>Jupiter ran and jumped into a house, looking almost as if he fell into it.</p>

      <p><em>I just need to hide! I need to hide and regroup.</em></p>

      <p>Out of breath, Jupiter continued to run before reaching a cabinet and grabbing the handle. However, Libra broke through the wall the next moment, scattering pieces of the cabinet everywhere.</p>

      <p>“Graaggh!!”</p>

      <p>Jupiter attempted to unleash wind magic. But Libra was faster, and she swung her left arm upwards. That was when Jupiter lost all feeling past his elbow, and his arm fell to the floor.</p>

      <p>Her blade of light flashed. Libra had completely predicted Jupiter’s counterattack and cut off his arm instead.</p>

      <p>“Warning. Your attack power has lowered a further 39%. Your chances of winning are currently—”</p>

      <p>“Fuck!! Fuck!!”</p>

      <p>Jupiter started to run once more, even while bleeding profusely from his arm’s stump.</p>

      <p><em>No good. Fighting’s no use. I can’t win against that.</em></p>

      <p><em>Our worlds are completely different. That thing’s strength is on a whole other level. That thing... That thing’s a monster!</em></p>

      <p>However, Jupiter had confidence in his speed as well as his maneuverability.</p>

      <p><em>I can just run. I can run, and then make another plan. There’s no need for me to deal with that ridiculous killer doll. Anyway, I just need to run.</em></p>

      <p>Jupiter flew out of one house and into another.</p>

      <p>However, Libra stood elegantly at the entrance of Jupiter’s new hiding place as if she’d been waiting a long while for him. She even bowed in greeting.</p>

      <p>“Warning. The probability of you succeeding in your escape is...”</p>

      <p>“W-WWAAAAAHH!!”</p>

      <p>Jupiter ran once again. He moved through the urban landscape, parting the sea of people he’d driven to madness, and dove into another house. He ran down a hallway and into a living room.</p>

      <p>There in the living room he found Libra sitting, relaxed.</p>

      <p>“Warning: the probability of you succeeding to escape is lower than 1%. It is strongly recommended that you surr—”</p>

      <p>“GODDAMMIIIIIIIIT!!”</p>

      <p>Jupiter ran, turned, jumped, parted crowds, and once again entered another house.</p>

      <p><em>I managed to run away like this before. I used this maze-like town structure and got away. So I’ll be fine this time, too, </em>Jupiter continued to tell himself.</p>

      <p>He silenced his surroundings with wind magic, making it so Libra wouldn’t even be able to hear him breathe.</p>

      <p>“*Huff* ... *Huff* ...”</p>

      <p>While breathing heavily, Jupiter ripped his clothes and wrapped a strip around his shoulder.</p>

      <p><em>Do I have any healing items...? No, I didn’t bring any. </em>Jupiter had prioritized being as light and as fast as possible, so he had left all his tools and equipment.</p>

      <p>Jupiter leaned back onto a wall and concentrated warily on the window.</p>

      <p><em>...There she is! That doll’s walking just outside! Go! Go away! Don’t you dare look over here!</em></p>

      <p>Libra stopped in place for a while, but she eventually moved on.</p>

      <p><em>I’m all right. She hasn’t noticed me. It doesn’t seem she’s noticed what I’m doing, either.</em></p>

      <p>Jupiter’s heart beat annoyingly fast. He felt sticky with sweat.</p>

      <p>One second...<em> No movement.</em></p>

      <p>Two seconds... <em>The house is still quiet.</em></p>

      <p>Three seconds... <em>No change from before.</em></p>

      <p>After reflexively leaking out a sigh of relief, Jupiter relaxed.</p>

      <p>—The next instant, two arms burst out of the wall Jupiter was leaning against and hands closed around his neck.</p>

      <p>“Ghaghh! ...Agh...!”</p>

      <p>“Using wind magic to silence your surroundings is meaningless. The fact that a town in the midst of this big an uproar has a spot that is unnaturally quiet tells me exactly where you are.”</p>

      <p>An emotionless voice eerily reverberated through Jupiter’s eardrums, and Libra’s constriction grew tighter. While he foamed at the mouth, Jupiter’s mind was consumed by fear.</p>

      <p><em>I... I’ll be killed...if things keep going like this...!</em></p>

      <p>So Jupiter made a quick decision. Using the magic power of the wind attribute to forcefully blast his body away, Jupiter escaped from Libra’s demonic grip.</p>

      <p>Of course, Libra herself didn’t let go. A large amount of skin was sacrificed from Jupiter’s neck as he ran away, bleeding quite profusely.</p>

      <p>Jupiter’s lost skin clung to Libra’s palms. But she didn’t seem affected by that at all as she simply, coldly, turned to look at Jupiter.</p>

      <p>“!!!”</p>

      <p>Having lost all will to fight, Jupiter looked up at the mechanical doll with eyes like a small animal before he ran away. It was almost like he was being physically repelled from Libra.</p>

      <p>However, Libra did not immediately give chase. Instead, one could hear mechanical whirring as her neck shifted slightly.</p>

      <p>Then, she followed after him with slow steps, still expressionless.</p>

      <p>“*Huff* ... *Huff* ... *Huff* ...!”</p>

      <p>Jupiter, who had run into yet another house, sat down and prayed wholeheartedly that he wouldn’t be found. Unable to even hide the sounds he was making with wind magic, Jupiter pressed his hand to his mouth and desperately tried to hide his breathing.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve never prayed to the goddess. But I’ll pray now. I’ll believe.</em></p>

      <p><em>Please, Goddess.</em></p>

      <p><em>Please allow me to run from that thing. Don’t let that doll appear in front of me!</em></p>

      <p>Jupiter’s teeth wouldn’t stop chattering, and his cold sweat wouldn’t stop, either.</p>

      <p><em>Aagh. What the hell? I can’t stop shaking.</em></p>

      <p><em>How pathetic... Is this really what one of the feared Seven Luminaries looks like? I’m such a laughingstock... There are real monsters that should be feared, and they aren’t us.</em></p>

      <p><em>We were just people whose egos got too big because they were absent for a while.</em></p>

      <p>Jupiter moved towards a mirror that was standing nearby. His movements were slow, so as to not make a sound, and awkward like a baby’s.</p>

      <p><em>Walls are no good. Don’t put your back to a wall. It might sprout arms again. Next time, she might just break my bones so I can’t escape.</em></p>

      <p><em>Looking through windows is dangerous, too. She might be there. Use the mirror. Look at the mirror’s reflection.</em></p>

      <p>Jupiter’s decision was not wrong. It might’ve even been the best choice, made carefully after considering all other options. His only mistake was that there was no right answer to the problem he was contemplating in the first place.</p>

      <p>“—!!!!”</p>

      <p>Jupiter looked at the mirror and froze.</p>

      <p><em>—She’s here! That doll’s reflected in the mirror. She’s standing right there! She’s already in the house! She’s right behind me!!</em></p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“I. Won’t. Let. You. Escape.”</p>

      <p>Libra simply mouthed words without speaking. That caused Jupiter to sink even deeper into fear. Her mouth’s movements alone told Jupiter what she wanted to say to him.</p>

      <p>“—AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>