<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_8">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Merak was desperately calling out to the crowd, but it had no effect on the insurgents.</p>

      <p>No, it probably did. If it didn’t, then they most likely would have already started to fight. Just having a hero standing between them was something. But it wasn’t enough to get them to stop.</p>

      <p>It was easy to see that, as things were now, something would eventually spark another explosion.</p>

      <p><em>Now then. What should I do...?</em></p>

      <p>“Stop right there!”</p>

      <p>While I was worrying about what to do, someone else dropped in between the two sides. Yes, literally dropped.</p>

      <p>Cutting through the air high above, the figure dropped in a straight line along with the sound of a thunderous explosion, and the ground crumbled where they landed.</p>

      <p>Of course, there should be no need to say who it was.</p>

      <p>She had light brown hair and doll-like looks. And that wasn’t a metaphor. She had her sky jets deployed out of her back, and in her right hand she held a devilfolk-seeming man who was beaten up so badly it was almost pitiful.</p>

      <p>Libra, one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, had arrived.</p>

      <p>“So you made it, Libra.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t stop myself from doing a fist pump.</p>

      <p><em>She’s here! The main golem is here! Now everything’s over! Just as she’d promised, she brought the devilfolk with her. She did perfectly.</em></p>

      <p><em>Now, all that’s left is to expose him as the mastermind behind everything and end this.</em></p>

      <p>“Y-You are... That figure. No way...”</p>

      <p>Merak, who of course knew Libra, was staring at her, surprised. However, Libra stopped him from talking with a hand. Then, she started nonchalantly spouting lies with so many holes in them they might as well have been Swiss cheese.</p>

      <p>“No, I am simply a golem that was passing by. My name is Bluzefsky XVII.”</p>

      <p>“Umm, weren’t you Copernicus IV...?”</p>

      <p>“That is also true.”</p>

      <p><em>Hey Libra, stop changing fake names. Even the townspeople are calling you out.</em></p>

      <p>Libra tossed the devilfolk man she had captured before both sides. “Now, you may do with this man as you please, whatever that may be!” she announced in a voice loud enough for everyone to hear.</p>

      <p>...</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>......</p>

      <p>“......”</p>

      <p>.........</p>

      <p>“.........”</p>

      <p><em>Uhh, hey.</em></p>

      <p><em>No one’s gonna understand if that’s all you say.</em></p>

      <p><em>Look, Merak’s frozen, and the other townspeople are all like, “What the hell did she just say?”</em></p>

      <p><em>Like...shouldn’t you say he’s the mastermind or that he’s the one who incited this war or something?</em></p>

      <p><em>There are way better ways to put it. Right?</em></p>

      <p>But Libra wouldn’t say anything more.</p>

      <p>It seemed like the crowd was curious about the devilfolk guy. Several of the white-winged people recognized the guy’s face and were turning pale.</p>

      <p>But as it was, this situation was frozen.</p>

      <p><em>—e’s useless... It’s like she’s completely worthless at talking...!</em></p>

      <p>I facepalmed and made Dina go forward. “Dina, you really do have to go. The situation won’t progress as it is now.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes. Leave it to me!”</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, it looks like I really will have to rely on her for diplomacy.</em> <em>Though I’d do it myself, if only I could appear in front of people.</em></p>

      <p>Dina jogged over in between the two sides, raised her hand, and yelled for their attention. “First of all: everyone please calm down, and listen to what I have to say. I’ll start from the conclusion. That man over there is named Jupiter, and he is one of the Seven Luminaries under the Devil King. There should be several people among the white-winged who remember his face.”</p>

      <p>The devilfolk were humanity’s greatest enemy. So bringing up one of their leaders, the Seven Luminaries, was enough to gather everyone’s interest. Dina first said something to gain as much notice as possible and gather all their attention. That should have been her plan.</p>

      <p>Now everyone’s gazes were pinned on Jupiter, and the nature of the noises the crowds were making changed. The atmosphere was overtaken by doubt, bewilderment, fear, and hesitation...</p>

      <p>The situation was that one of the Seven Luminaries was present, and some of the most powerful people in town knew him by face. That fact seemed to have cooled all their heads.</p>

      <p>“Right now, all of you hate and are trying to destroy each other. But please think. Just who would most stand to benefit from this?”</p>

      <p><em>She’s good... I think.</em></p>

      <p>Dina started with the conclusion and gave them a shock. Then she told them that they were playing into the devilfolk’s hands. By doing that, she managed to drive a wedge into their actions. Certainly, by doing it this way rather than explaining in proper order, what she said might get through better to people who were excited.</p>

      <p>Now that it was in front of them, they couldn’t just ignore it.</p>

      <p>“That’s right. The ones who stand to gain the most are the devilfolk. Their aim is to have you all kill each other, thereby destroying the country. Please, calm down and think. Just who is it that you all should really hate?”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t help but realize that I was scrunching my face while in hiding.</p>

      <p>So she went with ‘who you should really hate.’</p>

      <p>People often said that nothing came from hate, but if negative emotions like that were so easy to get rid of, then nothing bad would happen in the world. However, spreading and changing the vector of a person’s hate was much easier. It was one of the defense mechanisms in the field of psychoanalysis. Its name was substitution.</p>

      <p>People had needs, and if they couldn’t fulfill those needs, their mental state became unstable. That was why people had many different methods of dispelling those needs that couldn’t be met in order to protect themselves.</p>

      <p>Right now, they wanted to destroy the other side’s town. However, realistically, the country would be destroyed if they did that, and that would benefit the devilfolk. And in the midst of that situation, the devilfolk behind it all was tossed in front of them with a “Here you go.”</p>

      <p>He was a perfect target for their hate—their unfulfillable desire.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, I understand. There’s no other way.</em></p>

      <p>Also, he actually was the mastermind behind it all, so Dina wasn’t wrong in the slightest. Above all, I was the one who’d told her to do it that way.</p>

      <p><em>So what I’m feeling right now is just...mistaken emotions brought about by my senses as a normal person. This wavering is just insignificant feelings.</em></p>

      <p><em>...They should be, at least.</em></p>

      <p>“You... YOUU!”</p>

      <p>While I was fighting my emotions on my own, Jupiter, who had gone quiet, suddenly shouted loudly. His face was distorted with even more hate than the two crowds had before, and he glared at Dina as if she had killed his parents.</p>

      <p><em>I guess he just realized what kind of situation he was in? It feels kind of different, though.</em> He probably realized that Dina was trying to make him into a scapegoat.</p>

      <p>He continued to shout angrily. “I see! No wonder Libra returned so quickly! You were... You were planning on taking me down from the beginning. WEREN’T YOOOUUUUUU!!!” Jupiter shouted before using wind and running.</p>

      <p><em>Isn’t this bad...?</em></p>

      <p>I reflexively prepared myself to cut in.</p>

      <p><em>He’s certainly fast.</em> He was fast... But he was slow to me. Even from this distance, I could easily come in between the two of them.</p>

      <p>However, it seemed that I wasn’t needed.</p>

      <p>Libra stuck her arm out from behind Jupiter and pierced through his body.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Ghah...!!”</p>

      <p>“I will execute you summarily if you attempt to attack someone without my permission. I believe I have warned you of this.”</p>

      <p>“W...ait... Listen, all of you...!”</p>

      <p>“I will not. You have already fulfilled the conditions for elimination. Revoking agreement to allow you an audience with my master to plead for your life... I will deal with you myself.”</p>

      <p>Apparently Libra allowed him to beg me for his life in order to get him to come quietly. But I also wondered if he would be killed by the crowd before that could happen.</p>

      <p><em>...Ahh, whatever. That’s probably not true.</em></p>

      <p><em>He’s level 300. </em>He probably wouldn’t die.</p>

      <p>Or he might have extracted that promise just before he would have died. However, that promise was undone when he tried to attack Dina, so he was executed. From their conversation, I guessed that was what had happened.</p>

      <p>“No...ooo...! You all... All of you... By her...” Jupiter was trying to say something, but before he could, Libra cut off his head.</p>

      <p><em>Wow, no mercy. I don’t know whether I should call her reliable or terrifying, even though she’s a friendly.</em></p>

      <p>Libra dropped her foot down and crushed his head, which had fallen to the ground, and she expressionlessly brushed away some filth that had gotten on her dress. There was not a single hint of emotion on her face; it was as if she’d just crushed a bug.</p>

      <p>Pitifully enough, Jupiter’s crushed body disintegrated on the spot. He didn’t even leave a speck behind.</p>

      <p><em>...I’m so glad Libra’s a friendly.</em></p>

      <p><em>Still, I’m kind of concerned about what he said at the end.</em></p>

      <p>There was no doubt that he was tricking everyone from the start. Libra captured him and dragged him out in front of the townspeople, and we made his crimes clear. Everything had gone according to plan.</p>

      <p>However, there were his last words and the fact that he looked at Dina with such hate. I couldn’t help but feel that there was something else going on.</p>

      <p><em>...I’m totally missing something, aren’t I?</em></p>

      <p><em>It’s definitely not just my imagination.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>We’d just barely managed to prevent a clash between the white and black towns. However, the situation itself was unfortunately a far cry from being resolved.</p>

      <p>It was true that we had avoided open conflict, but we hadn’t solved the underlying problem of their hatred for one another. In fact, their relationship had actually gotten worse now that it was known that the people of the white town were voluntarily assembling a militia to kill the people of the black town, even if they had been tempted by the devilfolk. And there was nothing we could do about it.</p>

      <p>This country’s king was Merak. So as long as he did not gracefully hold the two sides together, there would probably always be a chance of civil war.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I’m saying that with a smug expression like it’s someone else’s problem, but it doesn’t look like the world’s gonna let us pretend like this has nothing to do with us now. </em>We reaped what we sowed, though. I was the one who’d ordered Libra and Dina to do all this, so of course I didn’t regret it, but the look Merak was giving was really harsh.</p>

      <p>I was still hiding in the shadows and watching events unfold, but Merak’s gaze bored into Libra.</p>

      <p>Well, of course he’d be suspicious if a golem that was said to have been destroyed just appeared out of nowhere. On top of that, golems could only be repaired through an Alchemist’s skill, so there were a very limited number of people who could have repaired Libra.</p>

      <p>An Alchemist who could go all the way to the top floor of the difficult-to-conquer (in this day and age) king’s grave, repair Libra and bring her outside, and on top of all that spread false information about her being destroyed? Well, that could only have been either me or Megrez.</p>

      <p>And as for people who would actually have done it... <em>Yeah, it’d just be me.</em></p>

      <p>Well, Dina was the one who actually spread the fake info. That was probably how he started suspecting my presence, at any rate.</p>

      <p>“Hey, golem... Err, Bluzefsky XVII, was it?”</p>

      <p>“No, I am Copernicus IV.”</p>

      <p>“... Yeah, either way is fine. Can I have you accompany me back to the castle? Of course, that lady and any other companions you may have are welcome to come with you.”</p>

      <p>Merak’s strong wording wouldn’t allow her to say no.</p>

      <p>But in response Libra replied smoothly and without even a hint of change in her expression. “I refuse. You do not hold the authority to give me orders.”</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t say that. It’d make me really happy if you were to come.” As soon as Libra came out strong in the conversation, Merak weakly retreated.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, king. You fold real quick, don’t you?</em></p>

      <p>As things were, Libra would just continue to say no unless I gave her the order, and Merak couldn’t come out boldly enough to force her to... <em>Oh well, I guess I have to go.</em></p>

      <p>After I’d made up my mind, I put on my robe (<em>Cross-dressing? Ahh, I already gave up on that...</em>) and showed myself in front of Merak and the others.</p>

      <p>“Now, wait. The king took the trouble of inviting us. Why don’t we accept?”</p>

      <p>“If you say so, master, I have no objections.”</p>

      <p>As soon as I said so, Libra easily agreed to go to the castle and quickly stood diagonally behind me like that was her established position. Dina and Aries both jogged over to my side as if saying that this was all of us.</p>

      <p>Technically, Aigokeros was also hiding in my shadow, but there was no reason to tell Merak that.</p>

      <p>“Thank you... Well then, let us go. There’s a lot to talk about.”</p>

      <p>Although I knew he was putting up an act in front of his people, I couldn’t feel any sort of majesty or presence you would expect from a king looking at Merak as he walked in front of us.</p>

      <p>I had still felt some of that from Megrez, though.</p>

      <p>Just what had happened to Merak?</p>

      <p>It was bad enough that Aries even whispered to me, “Is that person really Merak?” That was just how un-kingly he was.</p>

      <p>I just couldn’t feel any sort of confidence from him.</p>

      <p><em>How was he in the game?</em> The Merak I knew was...always calm, and he was always the one to hold the group back from bad ideas.</p>

      <p>He would never strongly assert himself or his opinions. However, he didn’t just go with the flow. Whenever people clashed, he would mediate between them and gently remind everyone of their strengths and weaknesses.</p>

      <p>It was the same in battle. He was never the type to go out in front and win glory himself. The heaven-winged as a race were suited for battle, but they were also well-suited for back-line roles like the Acolyte class. So there were two types of heaven-winged builds—one that fought in front while buffing themselves and one that was completely specialized for back-line support.</p>

      <p>Merak was the latter. He would never have the spotlight or solo a fight. However, Merak’s presence would drastically raise or lower the difficulty of a battle. He would always send support precisely when you most needed it. <em>I suppose you could say that he could read the situation?</em></p>

      <p>Mysteriously enough, the support you wanted always came flying to you before you even messaged him for it. He was that kind of guy. So I always thought that he was an amazing person. I always thought him to be the kind of guy who could control a room and always knew what the other person wanted.</p>

      <p><em>...Was I overestimating him?</em> Instead of being able to step back and see things from a wider perspective, it was that he couldn’t go forward. He wasn’t reserved, he just had no confidence. He seemed calm, but in actuality he just had no autonomy. He wasn’t reading the situation, he was just thinking of what he couldn’t do.</p>

      <p><em>Is that how it was? Did I just assume that he was really amazing and build up a mistaken mental image of him? If that’s the case, this is bad.</em></p>

      <p>I was only ever a king in a game, so I didn’t know anything about how hard it was. In other words, I was a novice. <em>Even if I am Lufas Maphaahl, I’m just a normal person inside.</em> But even I knew that a king with no confidence was bad.</p>

      <p>Not to mention, having a king who wouldn’t assert himself really wasn’t good in a situation where a fuse was already lit. A king that could use his authority to calm both sides down, even if he did it a little forcefully, was needed here.</p>

      <p><em>...This country really is going to destroy itself even without the devilfolk’s help.</em></p>

      <p><em>—That kind of makes me mad.</em></p>

      <p><em>And you still call yourself the man who beat Us (me)?</em></p>

      <p>“Now, please sit.”</p>

      <p>Merak led us to what seemed to be his private room and poured out enough tea for everyone.</p>

      <p>I’d only ever experienced the types of tea that came in cans or plastic bottles, but I could still tell that the tea he poured for us was quite good just from the smell. <em>As expected of a king. He drinks some good stuff.</em></p>

      <p>“This is tea made with leaves imported from Draupnir. I’m sure this will meet your tastes.”</p>

      <p><em>Another country I don’t know.</em></p>

      <p>I drank a mouthful of the tea and glanced over at Dina, who was sitting next to me. She must have anticipated what I wanted to ask as she whispered to me, “That’s the country of beastfolk that the late Dubhe founded. The agricultural products produced there are all famous for being of high quality.”</p>

      <p>“Oh?”</p>

      <p><em>So there’s: the country of scholars, Svel; the industrial country, Blutgang; and the agricultural country, Draupnir. I see.</em></p>

      <p><em>Seems like each country is flourishing in at least one aspect or another.</em></p>

      <p>“And what about this country?”</p>

      <p>“They use the talents of their Monster Tamers, so their main source of income is livestock and dairy. They do, however, refuse to export poultry.”</p>

      <p>“Well, of course, since they themselves are similar to birds.”</p>

      <p>There should be no need to mention that the heaven-winged were people with wings. Their origin wasn’t mentioned officially at all, but the most convincing theory was that they were ‘descendants of angels.’</p>

      <p>However, there was another theory that they were simply ‘birds transformed by mana.’ In other words, the heaven-winged’s ancestors weren’t angels or anything of the sort. It was a horrible theory that posited that they came from pigeons, pelicans, cranes, or something like that. More specifically, they were beastfolk of the avian variety. There was also a group of people who thought they were born because of those birds mating with humans.</p>

      <p>Of course, the truth of that was utterly unproven, and personally, I’d expect a larger variety in wing colors if that were true. There was no way luck would have it that only white birds mixed with humans or something.</p>

      <p>However, if that were true, then it would make sense that they wouldn’t export poultry. It would be unforgivable to keep one’s predecessors as livestock to sell.</p>

      <p>“Now then... This should be enough. Will you please take off your hood and let me have a look at your face?”</p>

      <p>“All right.”</p>

      <p>There was no one else around, so there would be no problems revealing my face here. I did as requested and removed my hood, revealing my face.</p>

      <p>As soon as I did, Merak made an expression like he was about to cry. His face betrayed some complicated emotion which I couldn’t tell was happy or sad as he hung his head.</p>

      <p>“It really was you...Lufas. How nostalgic. So you were alive.”</p>

      <p>Seeing his reaction, I felt a slight sense of disappointment.<em> I’d expected it, but... He really isn’t a player. He’d lived in this world from the very start, a true citizen of this place. He’s not a hybrid like me.</em></p>

      <p>“You certainly have changed a lot. You’ve gotten quite weak in the short time We have been away.”</p>

      <p>“Is that how I seem?”</p>

      <p>Merak took my statement, which could have been construed as an insult, without argument, laughing weakly. He had on a truly pitiful smile, as if he could break at any second.</p>

      <p>“You’re wrong... You’re wrong, Lufas. I’ve always been weak. I’m not fit to be a king.”</p>

      <p>Merak gripped his hair tightly as he wallowed in self-derision. He looked nothing like a hero called the Sky King, holding his head like that. He was nothing more than a beaten-down young man.</p>

      <p>“You were still around back then. And so were Alioth and Dubhe. Everyone stood in front of me. I was just walking behind all of you.”</p>

      <p>He must have been really tired, given how he was talking. His ‘king’ mask was completely torn off, and the way he seemed now drove me all the way to pity.</p>

      <p>This was probably how he was originally. Weak-willed and unable to assert himself, he was a timid man who had changed to match his surroundings. The way he looked just a little bit ago was just a facade he was desperately trying to keep up.</p>

      <p><em>And I suppose all that was completely peeled away after meeting an old acquaintance like me. Although I’m not the same Lufas he knew, either.</em></p>

      <p>“I-Is he going to be all right? It kind of feels like if we leave him alone stress will open up a hole in his stomach, and he’ll die...” Dina asked, sounding exasperated.</p>

      <p>But even I just learned that Merak was like that. “Hm... This is also the first We’ve heard about this man being so faint-hearted.”</p>

      <p><em>Was he always this fragile?</em></p>

      <p>Megrez was also pretty run-down, but Merak here was an entirely different beast. Megrez actually desired abuse and disdain. But looking at it another way, that just meant that he was well-liked enough that he was starved for that sort of thing. Basically, Megrez led his country well in the end and was well-liked because of it.</p>

      <p>However, if Merak were to try the same thing, I felt like he’d probably die from stress.</p>

      <p><em>...Oh no. The Seven Heroes are all really annoying.</em></p>

      <p>“I should never have become king... You should have stayed in power. Ahh, why did we oppose you two hundred years ago...? I should have died... We shouldn’t have won back then...”</p>

      <p>While he had been left to his own devices, Merak had started to spiral into some sort of depression, and he was muttering some worthless crap.</p>

      <p><em>This one’s no good... If things keep going he actually might just kill himself.</em></p>

      <p><em>Oh well. This is close to shock therapy, but I guess I should say something. I’m not too big a fan of lectures, and I’m not good at them, either. But if Merak doesn’t shape up, then this country’s really in danger.</em></p>

      <p>I got up and walked next to Merak. Then, I kicked Merak’s chair out from under him, causing him to fall over onto the floor.</p>

      <p>He could have been in real danger if he fell wrong, but his HP was over 50,000, so an attack of that level shouldn’t have hurt him.</p>

      <p><em>It’s a really convenient thing to think in times like these, but all hail fantasy worlds.</em></p>

      <p>“You fool. You’ve been spouting some awfully selfish things just now. Do you mean to imply that We are a buffoon who was defeated by mistake?”</p>

      <p><em>I’m not the Lufas he knows. But if those lines I barfed out (well, typed out) back then were the same as this world’s Lufas’ last words, she definitely did not regret losing.</em></p>

      <p>But the winning side was regretting winning, even going so far as to say they should never have won. Lufas would have been turning in her grave, and I didn’t like it, either. If the winning side was like that, then the losing side had no ground to stand on. <em>I can’t help but wonder. Like, hey, are we buffoons who were defeated by mistake?</em></p>

      <p>So I grabbed Merak by the lapels, forcefully standing him up with one hand.</p>

      <p>“Be proud. Stand tall. You are the man who won against Lufas Maphaahl. We will not allow you to continue acting so unsightly.”</p>

      <p><em>That’s right. There’s no way I can allow that. If the winners are this pathetic, then Lufas’ defeat will be wasted.</em></p>

      <p>Merak, with me holding him up, stood dumbfounded for a while. But eventually, his good-looking face warped, and he started to leak tears from both eyes.</p>

      <p>“...I’m just no match for you, am I? You never change... Two hundred years ago—and even now—you’re just overflowing with confidence.”</p>

      <p>“We have changed a little, though.”</p>

      <p>I let go of Merak and returned him to his seat. I’d said something high-and-mighty, which was unlike me, but I didn’t regret what I said. Still, I felt embarrassed after talking so big.</p>

      <p><em>We can’t stay here for much longer anyway, so let’s hurry up and leave.</em></p>

      <p>“This is your country. We cannot help you any more than this, nor will We give you advice. Show us you can take care of the rest—Sky King.”</p>

      <p>I quickly turned my back to him, and Dina and the others followed after me.</p>

      <p>I had nothing more to say or do.</p>

      <p>Even though we resolved this incident, Merak was the king. So as long as Merak himself couldn’t be self-confident, the past would only repeat itself.</p>

      <p>“You defeated us. So show that you were great enough to do that. Do not make us into a fool.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>It was dark in the capital.</p>

      <p>The vampire capital, Mjolnir, was covered in permanent darkness, as if neither morning nor noon ever existed. The vampires, who called themselves the rulers of the night, had the highest affinity to mana out of all of humanity and were actually closer to devilfolk than to humans.</p>

      <p>In the center of the capital towered the crimson-dyed castle. On the highest floor lived their eternal master, the Vampire Princess. She was the only one the vampires ever had and ever would swear fealty to; she was their one and only beautiful ruler. Neither the Great Conqueror nor the Devil King were even worth paying attention to. They lived only for the Vampire Princess, and if she told them to die, they would do so happily.</p>

      <p>The vampires were just a group of fanatics who didn’t even fear death. Such were the people who lived in Mjolnir.</p>

      <p>In the castle’s throne room, a single vampire was prostrated in front of a girl.</p>

      <p>“I will present my report. As you predicted, my lord, Svel has been freed from the threat of the Seven Luminaries, and Aries of the Twelve Heavenly Stars has disappeared.”</p>

      <p>“Hm. As I thought... Hah. Megrez, it was your mistake not reporting this to me. You may have been trying to protect her, but that’s just the same as telling me that <em>she</em> is here. ...How imprudent.” The girl chuckled on her throne.</p>

      <p>She had flowing, platinum-colored hair and eyes of deep crimson with vertically slit pupils. Fangs peeked out of the sides of her mouth, and she looked to only be around 14 years old. However, her outward appearance had no meaning, as she was an immortal vampire.</p>

      <p>“I’ve waited for too long... Yes, I’ve waited for two hundred years, my old enemy. I knew you would come back, even from the depths of hell.” The girl seemed like she was having fun as she spoke.</p>

      <p>She stood up from her throne. Her hair and black mantle swayed in unison as she walked to the window, through which she could take in the entirety of the capital. There, she looked up into the sky like a girl in love.</p>

      <p>“I’ve been looking forward to this, Maphaahl... Time will not move for me until I have surpassed you. Ever since you disappeared back then, I have been frozen in time.”</p>

      <p>The edges of her mouth curled, showing her fangs. Her deep crimson eyes flared radiantly, and she clenched her fist as if she just couldn’t wait to fight.</p>

      <p><em>Those devilfolk small-fry aren’t worth caring about.</em></p>

      <p><em>The Devil King?</em></p>

      <p><em>Who cares. He can just do whatever.</em></p>

      <p><em>The future of Humanity?</em></p>

      <p><em>As if I care. That holds no interest for me.</em></p>

      <p><em>If they’re gonna die off, then they should just do so already. People are killed because they’re weak. Weaklings may cry out, asking why the powerful don’t save them, but I don’t care, and I won’t listen. I’ll never listen. There’s no value in it.</em></p>

      <p><em>The world is controlled by the strong. Only the handful of geniuses have the right to decide the future of the world. I have no interest in weaklings and incompetents, no matter what they do.</em></p>

      <p><em>The only thing my crimson eyes see is and has always been one person and only that person. And that is my long-standing enemy, that black-winged angel.</em></p>

      <p>“This time for sure, I’ll settle things... Just us two. No interruptions. You’re not the one who will control the world. Neither is the Devil King. I’ll teach you through your defeat and humiliation that it will be me, the Vampire Princess Benetnasch!”</p>

      <p><em>—For sure...</em></p>

      <p><em>I’ll kill you for sure...Lufas Maphaahl.</em></p>

      <p>Having vowed that to herself, the girl—Benetnasch—raised an open hand to the heavens.</p>

      <p><em>This time for sure... I’ll settle what I couldn’t two hundred years ago.</em></p>

      <p>She strongly craved what was to come.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“*Sigh*...”</p>

      <p>We were busy leaving Gjallar since we’d finished all our business here.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh, I acted really high-and-mighty back there. That’s gonna leave a black mark on my past.</em></p>

      <p><em>I bet I looked so uncool, spouting all that stuff.</em></p>

      <p>“What is wrong, Master?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing. We were just thinking that We said something unlike us. We may have exposed quite the unsightly side of ourselves.”</p>

      <p>“That is not true. Your awe-inspiring figure at that moment deserves to be kept in my memory banks forever. The fact that I cannot turn that image into something physical is truly disappointing.”</p>

      <p>I shivered hearing Libra say ‘forever.’ I wasn’t sure if that meant pictures or video memory, but if she did that, it would be like a public execution.</p>

      <p><em>Well, she said it was disappointing, so it must not have happened. I should check just in case.</em></p>

      <p>“Libra, We shudder to consider the possibility, but there are no photos of that, yes...? If you have taken any, dispose of them immediately.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>However, there was no answer to my question.</p>

      <p>Libra usually answered immediately, but I could see that she was struggling to find one.</p>

      <p><em>What? Do you want to keep it that badly?</em></p>

      <p>But Libra came back with an answer that I would never have expected.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, but... What is a photo?”</p>

      <p>I froze for a moment after hearing Libra’s reply.</p>

      <p><em>Ohh, right.</em></p>

      <p><em>This world doesn’t have photographs in the first place. Of course Libra wouldn’t know what I meant by that.</em></p>

      <p>Just in case, I looked over to Aries, but he also shook his head, indicating that he had no idea. From that, I became sure that photos did not exist in this world.</p>

      <p><em>How strange.</em></p>

      <p>It truly felt like a fantasy world when Libra—a metal golem made with techniques that far surpassed modern science and technology—existed but photographs didn’t. To be fair, Libra was actually made using an Alchemist’s skill, so she wasn’t truly mechanical.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe it’s not all that strange?</em></p>

      <p><em>But something... Something bothers me</em>. <em>I’m missing something.</em></p>

      <p><em>What is it? There’s something I’m totally forgetting.</em></p>

      <p><em>What am I forgetting?</em></p>

      <p><em>Remember... Yes, it happened the day I came to this world.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>—...That was two hundred years ago. There should not be that many who still remember my face. This world does not even have photographs.</p>

      <p>—That’s far too naive, Miss Lufas! This trade city is a place where many countries and people gather. Among those are elves with extremely long lifespans. People like them still remember you clearly.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“—!” I reflexively looked towards Dina.</p>

      <p><em>I’m not wrong. She knows! Dina knows about photographs, something that should not exist in this world!</em></p>

      <p>Dina herself seemed like she’d realized her mistake, as she gasped and looked my way.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no room for simple suspicion anymore. It’s definite. She’s guilty.</em></p>

      <p><em>I don’t know what’s going on, but Dina is a fellow irregular in this world. Or at the very least, she knows of the other world.</em></p>

      <p>“Dina... We need to speak with you alone. Will you come?”</p>

      <p><em>I won’t allow her to refuse. I’m not wrong.</em></p>

      <p>“...Yes.”</p>

      <p>Right, I had been constantly forgetting about Dina this entire time. It was something I realized after just a little contemplation. Maybe I had just been averting my eyes from the truth.</p>

      <p>An NPC that even I had forgotten about.</p>

      <p>True, she existed. I had definitely placed a background object like her that had no combat data or capabilities. However, Dina was far too skilled to be the object that I had placed. She had abilities befitting my advisor. And it should have been impossible for people like Aries and Megrez to not remember her.</p>

      <p>With Dina in tow, I went to a nearby forest.</p>

      <p>Aries and Libra wanted to accompany me, but I stopped them. This was something that should only be between Dina and I. So I left Aigokeros with Aries and Libra and made sure there was no one near us.</p>

      <p><em>We should be able to talk in private here.</em></p>

      <p>“Now then. Where should We start...? No, let’s stop beating around the bush. We will ask you straight. What are you? You claimed to be an advisor that was around two hundred years ago... That was a lie, wasn’t it?”</p>

      <p>Dina replied to my question truthfully. “...Yes, it was a lie.”</p>

      <p><em>As I thought. </em>Dina was no background NPC. She was just squatting in that position.</p>

      <p><em>Of course.</em></p>

      <p><em>‘After all, that tower was filthy.’</em></p>

      <p>Dina’s words were clearly contradictory if she really had been waiting there for two hundred years.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t impossible that she’d continued to sit in that position for two hundred years without cleaning, but it was clearly unnatural. If she were truly waiting for her master to come back, then wouldn’t she at least have made sure the top floor was clean?</p>

      <p>However, the fact that she hadn’t even done that meant...that she hadn’t been there for two hundred years.</p>

      <p>That was a conclusion anybody would’ve quickly reached.</p>

      <p>Yes, it was easily understood. But I hadn’t thought of it. I’d wanted to pretend. I had unconsciously averted my eyes from the truth. I hadn’t wanted to understand it.</p>

      <p>“Who are you? One of my citizens or subordinates...? No. If that were the case, Libra would remember you. At the very least, you weren’t present in the tower before We were sealed.”</p>

      <p>“That is correct. I am not your advisor nor am I a subordinate of yours. However, I knew that there was an NPC with that description in your tower, so I used that.”</p>

      <p><em> —NPC, huh? So she’s finally stopped hiding.</em></p>

      <p>However, I still had questions.</p>

      <p>Even if she was a player, if she was someone who’d sided with me...Libra should have remembered her. But Libra didn’t. Also, Aries hadn’t recognized Dina at first, but after seeing her he remembered her as my “advisor.”</p>

      <p>That was...</p>

      <p><em>Wait, I see.</em></p>

      <p><em>Dina had </em>that<em>.</em></p>

      <p>“You tricked Aries and Aigokeros with memory manipulation, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I planted false memories in each of them. Aries when we first met and he questioned me. Aigokeros... He was helping the devilfolk, so I did it when he was in their castle.”</p>

      <p>“The fact that the golems did not recognize you as an ally was because your memory manipulation doesn’t work on them, right?”</p>

      <p>“You’re right. Golems have records, not memories. Some technique with a vague effect like my memory manipulation won’t work on them.”</p>

      <p><em>Memory manipulation that works even on those who are stronger than you, huh? What a nasty skill she has.</em></p>

      <p>However, if that were the case, then my memories might have been manipulated, too.</p>

      <p>Also...<em>the devilfolk’s castle?</em></p>

      <p><em>I see. It’s becoming clear to me. Her true identity, that is.</em></p>

      <p>“By the way, how extensively have you manipulated our memories?”</p>

      <p>“...I couldn’t.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“Your sense of self is stronger than even you realize. Even if I wanted to plant some false memories in you, I would have to stick with you, constantly using the skill on you, for an entire year at the very least. That was why I had no choice but to trick you by creating a position for myself by taking the place of an NPC advisor who happened to be in your tower. I could only manage to implant the idea to ‘unconsciously avoid doubting me.’”</p>

      <p><em>So she couldn’t mess with my memories, huh?</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m not sure how much of that was the truth, but it’s true that if she really could, she wouldn’t have had to force herself into the position of my advisor. She could have just pretended to be one of my subjects.</em></p>

      <p><em>Or is having me think this way her aim?</em></p>

      <p>“The fact that you know that... So you <em>are </em>a Player.”</p>

      <p>“Honestly, I was surprised. I never thought someone other than me would...that <em>you</em> would be a Player. I miscalculated.”</p>

      <p>Chuckling, Dina smiled craftily. It was different from the refined smiles she’d been giving up until now. However, mysteriously enough, it fit her.</p>

      <p><em>Seems like this is how she really is.</em></p>

      <p>“Also, let me make a correction. I am not a Player.”</p>

      <p>“...What?”</p>

      <p>“More accurately, I’m a ‘Test Player.’ I was hired by management as a test player for the new half-elf race that was supposed to be introduced with the new update.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s why you knew about the state of affairs in the tower.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Using their accounts, management can peek into the bases of player forces even if they aren’t citizens. That was how I learned about your advisor NPC.”</p>

      <p><em>Is it even okay for a test player to be able to see that stuff in the first place?</em></p>

      <p>She must have peeked in without permission. <em>She’s lucky she wasn’t fired.</em></p>

      <p>“Also... What do you mean you manipulated Aigokeros’ memories while he was in the devilfolk’s castle? We can only take that as an admission that you were there as well.”</p>

      <p>“That’s what I’m saying, Miss Lufas. I am in a position to be able to come and go freely from the devilfolk’s stronghold,” Dina said.</p>

      <p>And then she changed.</p>

      <p>Her hair, which used to be the color of the ocean, became a brilliant gold. And her face, which used to seem gentle, warped into a belligerent expression. Her lips drew an arc on her face, and her eyes narrowed; she exposed her true face which had been hidden until now.</p>

      <p>“To be honest, I planned to simply continue to play your advisor and have you and the Devil King crush each other. However, now that this has happened, my plan is a failure... I underestimated you a little. So I’ll be taking another path.”</p>

      <p>“Oh?”</p>

      <p>“—I will have you submit now, and become my pawn. You still have a role to play...my dear ‘master.’”</p>

      <p>The pressure Dina gave off increased. The rumbling of her magic power shook the trees and sent tremors running through the ground.</p>

      <p><em>This is amazing.</em></p>

      <p><em>This is quite possibly the most pressure I’ve been under since coming to this world.</em></p>

      <p>“You can do that when you’re only level 300?”</p>

      <p>“Ahah! AHAHAHAHAHAHA! You still believe that?! That’s a lie, of course. That’s the effect of another skill that was to be introduced. It’s just a fake set of stats made through Status Concealment. You see, the fact that Observing Eye was too useful and a problem had been on the radar for a while... It was only natural to make a counterskill.”</p>

      <p>“Then your true abilities are...”</p>

      <p>“Of course. Do I even need to say? I’m level 1000, just like you.”</p>

      <p>She finished transforming.</p>

      <p>The person who stood there had the same face as the Dina I knew, but she was a completely different person. Along with her wavy, golden hair, she also had overflowing magic power. And she still had her beautiful looks even though she had changed so completely and taken on an evil countenance.</p>

      <p>“Let me introduce myself once again. I am Venus—one of the devilfolk’s Seven Luminaries—Venus of Metal. Pleased to make your acquaintance.” She spread her arms wide like she was crucified, giving a derisive laugh as if she scoffed at the entire world. “Now, let’s kill each other, my dear ‘master,’ Lufas Maphaahl!” Dina shouted from where she soared on high.</p>

      <p>Her whole body released a golden radiance.</p>

      <p>The next instant, metal appeared in the sky like rain. The number of objects materializing must have been in the thousands or even tens of thousands. At any rate, it was so high I didn’t even feel like attempting to count.</p>

      <p>Each piece was a lump of metal slightly bigger than a fist. It was worthless as an attack. However, combined with thousands more all at once...</p>

      <p>There was no need to even think about it; any normal person would be turned into mincemeat.</p>

      <p>The space above was filled with many steel bullets. Dina brought her hand down.</p>

      <p>“Now come, Miss. All things will be crushed under this weight—Cleta!” she chanted.</p>

      <p>At the same time, the metal rained down, smashing into the ground and through objects like rounds from a Vulcan cannon. Anything and everything under it was shaved away or pulverized.</p>

      <p><em>Something like this should damage me, right?</em></p>

      <p><em>No. As if I care. Just break through it.</em></p>

      <p>I obeyed the orders of the “Lufas” within me and flew straight through the rain of metal that could pulverize boulders.</p>

      <p>Of course, I was pummeled by a storm of metal. It certainly hurt...but it wasn’t anything I couldn’t just ignore with willpower.</p>

      <p>I flapped my wings powerfully to create a gust of wind, sending the metal rain flying away.</p>

      <p>“Now it’s our turn!”</p>

      <p>Using my Alchemist skills, I transmuted large numbers of blunt swords. I sent them all hurtling towards Dina.</p>

      <p>However, Dina didn’t even bat an eye. She stayed where she was and simply chanted, “Exgate!”</p>

      <p>What appeared in front of Dina was a—<em>hole in space, I would say?</em> It looked exactly as if someone had punctured a hole in the air. The sight seemed impossible and unreal.</p>

      <p><em>Really, what a strange thing. The sky isn’t meant to have holes in it.</em></p>

      <p>But even so, there certainly was something there that could only be described as a hole. And all the swords I launched were swallowed up by it.</p>

      <p>Metal really was such a strange attribute, though. It was similar to alchemy, but it wasn’t. An Alchemist’s alchemy mixed and combined things, as it were. The Alchemist simply took materials that already existed and combined them in certain ways to make something else.</p>

      <p>However, metal attribute magic was different. It simply ‘created’ metal.</p>

      <p>Magic took mana and converted it into physical phenomena. At least, that was how it worked in this world. For example: although water and fire born out of magic was, for all intents and purposes, real until it disappeared, it was still just mana and not actual water or fire.</p>

      <p>That was why magic could never create something like a golem. Or rather, it could create golems, but the golem would disappear in no time. In order to maintain a golem made by magic, one would have to have infinite amounts of SP.</p>

      <p>That was basically it.</p>

      <p>The only difference was whether magic created water or metal. That being said, seeing something in a solid state being created like this was really messed up all the same.</p>

      <p>As for Exgate... <em>I’m not really sure about that.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m pretty sure spatial magic should be under moon or something like that, but Dina is metal.</em> <em>Is it something that isn’t bound to one attribute?</em></p>

      <p>Not to mention, in the game this spell only existed in lore. However, even though Dina was a Player like me, she was able to use it. Did she learn it in the two hundred years I was away? Or was it another thing that was supposed to have been added in the next update...?</p>

      <p><em>Either way, there’s no way for me to find out right now.</em></p>

      <p>“Are you thinking? How composed of you.”</p>

      <p>Dina returned all the swords that I’d just shot at her.</p>

      <p><em>Tch! So she can throw back things Exgate’s absorbed on a different trajectory.</em></p>

      <p>I struck down every single one of the swords that came flying at me and closed in on Dina.</p>

      <p>But Dina opened some distance once again by teleporting and unleashed her next spell.</p>

      <p>“Aglaia!!”</p>

      <p><em>I suppose this is what a person would define as “dazzling brilliance.”</em></p>

      <p>An extremely strong light that forced me to close my eyes shone, robbing me of my sight. But there was only light damage. It couldn’t pierce through my defenses.</p>

      <p>By the time my sight had somewhat recovered, Dina had already moved on to her next attack.</p>

      <p>“Auxo!”</p>

      <p>Rain fell on the surrounding area.</p>

      <p>The rain itself wasn’t dangerous. But the problem was the ground which was exposed to it. Everywhere the rain touched, trees sprouted. And they turned into natural whips that reached up to the heavens before attacking me.</p>

      <p>“Tch!!”</p>

      <p>I punched, kicked, and snapped the gigantic trees that came at me.</p>

      <p>But the trees sprouted endlessly, so I escaped by flying higher.</p>

      <p>Then, I descended suddenly!</p>

      <p>Using the Grappler skill “Meteor Kick,” I pierced through the ground, literally uprooted the trees, and sent them flying.</p>

      <p>On top of that, I grabbed one of the trees I’d snapped in twain and threw it towards Dina.</p>

      <p>Of course, she avoided it through teleportation, but I was aiming for where she would appear next. I flew at her location and closed the distance.</p>

      <p>“...! Fast...”</p>

      <p>I threw a regular attack at the surprised Dina to see how she would react! In the spur of the moment, Dina twisted her body and avoided the attack before counterattacking by throwing a reverse fist towards my face.</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p>“That won’t work.”</p>

      <p>“?!”</p>

      <p>—It didn’t hurt at all.</p>

      <p><em>No, I think it had more than enough power compared to a common, small-fry monster. Like that one I fought before... Uhhh, who was it? That guy who ran around a lot. The fire attribute of the Seven Luminaries.</em></p>

      <p><em>...Well anyway, that guy’s name doesn’t matter.</em></p>

      <p>Regardless, he couldn’t even be compared to her.</p>

      <p>However, people had strengths and weaknesses, even against those of the same level. For example, even if Megrez were to hit me with a mace in his heyday, it wouldn’t have amounted to much.</p>

      <p><em>Magic types are magic types. And front-liners are front-liners.</em></p>

      <p><em>Not to mention the fact that I boosted my stats with items. Sorry, but a physical attack from a simple level 1000 back-liner won’t shave off even 10%—no, 1%—of my health.</em></p>

      <p>I slammed a palm strike incorporated with the Blunted-Sword Strike skill into Dina’s stomach.</p>

      <p>Her delicate form flew away in an amusing manner, mowing down the trees that were in her way.</p>

      <p>However, she was also max level.</p>

      <p>She flipped over in midair and lightly touched down. But she was unable to hide the impatience spreading on her face.</p>

      <p>“Heehee, I see. As I expected... I knew it. I knew it! As expected of you, Lufas Maphaahl. That one hit hurt quite a lot.”</p>

      <p>“Just stop, Dina. You cannot win against us,” I stated clearly.</p>

      <p>It kind of felt like bragging, but I was the natural enemy of magic types.</p>

      <p>Magic couldn’t deal ‘neutral’ damage, so it wouldn’t do much to me since the cloak I had on halved all elemental damage. My dress also gave me immunity to status ailments, so thankfully, I couldn’t get affected by any of that, either. On top of that, I could easily close distance at high speed with the Strider’s agility and unleash the high-power physical attacks magic types were so bad at dealing with.</p>

      <p>Of course, level 1000 back-liners could prepare any number of countermeasures for that. Megrez actually had quite a number of those, so he was fine even if he got pretty close to the front lines. Although something like Libra would be the exception. He wouldn’t be able to do anything about her type.</p>

      <p>But Dina had none of that.</p>

      <p><em>It’s true that she’s equal to me in level, but it’s as if she’s had zero practice countering front-liners and doesn’t know the meta for it.</em></p>

      <p>Well, of course.</p>

      <p><em>After all, she’s a test player.</em></p>

      <p>In other words, she didn’t play the actual game like we did. She just measured game balance. So she hadn’t searched for any shortcuts and hadn’t gone as far as to research just what combinations would be effective. And there was no way a test player would do something as troublesome as hunting down and using stat-boosting items.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, how nice. You’re saying you’ll forgive me when I’ve been deceiving you all this time?”</p>

      <p>“It’s true that you have been deceiving us. But at the same time, it’s also true that you’ve helped us immensely. Being deceived like this just means that We have been unbelievably foolish in this case. We are far from being resentful. We want to praise your skills, in fact.”</p>

      <p>I already held no more anger towards Dina.</p>

      <p><em>It’s true that it’s shocking that I was being tricked, but that’s it. In the end, she’s still someone I should be protecting.</em></p>

      <p><em>She tricked and used me. Yes, that’s true. But what about it?</em></p>

      <p><em>As if I’d hate her just because of that.</em></p>

      <p><em>My feelings aren’t something that will be changed just by being tricked once.</em></p>

      <p>“Will you not speak with us about your reasons for using such roundabout methods to have the Devil King and us crush each other?”</p>

      <p>“So you think you’ve won already? It’s just a little too soon for that. You should save a line like that for after you’ve dealt with this attack!”</p>

      <p>Dina’s eyes shone, and she spread her arms.</p>

      <p>Then, the ground started trembling.</p>

      <p>Trees fell over one after another. Just the after-effects of her magic power caused winds strong enough to make Jupiter’s wind feel like a simple breeze.</p>

      <p><em>Seems like she still has a trump card left.</em></p>

      <p>“Exgate—”</p>

      <p>“Summoning? At this point, what do you...” I started.</p>

      <p>But suddenly I noticed that my surroundings had all gone dark.</p>

      <p><em>What? Did the weather change?</em></p>

      <p>I looked up...and regretted doing so.</p>

      <p><em>...No... Well...</em></p>

      <p><em>No way...</em></p>

      <p>“...Well, then. You’ve done something quite absurd, We see.”</p>

      <p>Up in the sky, Dina had deployed a gigantic gate.</p>

      <p>That in itself was fine. I could deal with that.</p>

      <p>The problem was what was coming out of it. That giant, golden, shining sphere...</p>

      <p><em>There’s no way that’s real.</em></p>

      <p>In reality, if <em>that</em> was real and falling it wouldn’t shine golden. And it would be too big for me to even recognize as a sphere in the first place.</p>

      <p>But even so, its size was absurd.</p>

      <p><em>Its diameter... I wonder how many hundreds of meters it is? I’d like to think it doesn’t quite reach kilometers...</em></p>

      <p><em>I’d bet she created the sphere with metal attribute magic high above and brought it here with Exgate or something.</em></p>

      <p>What came falling was...Venus, shining golden.</p>

      <p>“—Morning Venus!!!” Dina roared, and the small planet came crashing towards the surface with a thunderous sound.</p>

      <p><em>Wha— You— ...Wait.</em></p>

      <p><em>Isn’t this totally gonna involve Gjallar?!</em></p>

      <p>Not only that, but the spell was famous for being hard to use since it took a while for the planet to fall once the spell was activated. The fact that Dina used Exgate to make it into a blitz attack was just a little too unfair. She probably thought that if she didn’t do this she wouldn’t be able to beat me, but this really was too far.</p>

      <p>Still, I didn’t have the choice to just run. Gjallar would seriously be squished if I were to run here, and Merak would die, too.</p>

      <p>Aries and the others could probably endure it without doing anything special, but I had no intention of just letting that thing fall.</p>

      <p><em>So.</em></p>

      <p>“Fine. We accept your challenge, Dina.”</p>

      <p>I only ever had one choice.</p>

      <p>Punch the subordinate who made a mistake and set them right before extending my hand to welcome them back.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve always been bad at thinking. I don’t like admitting this, but I’m not that clever a person. There’s only so much someone like me can do here. So at the very least, I’ll devote all my ability to carrying out the few choices I have.</em></p>

      <p><em>This time is the same. It’s no exception.</em></p>

      <p>I formed a firm fist and raised it to the sky.</p>

      <p>The feeling of oppression I was getting from the planet made me want to run, but strangely enough, I didn’t feel any fear.</p>

      <p><em>I’m sure that the “Lufas” inside me is telling me I can do it.</em></p>

      <p>It was strange even to me, but my heartbeat rose with excitement, and violent urges ran through me. I could tell the muscles in my cheeks had loosened, and I realized that I was currently laughing.</p>

      <p>I flew.</p>

      <p>Kicking off the ground with all my might, I flew as fast as I could.</p>

      <p><em>Accelerate, accelerate—keep accelerating.</em></p>

      <p><em>The sound barrier—you’re in the way.</em></p>

      <p><em>Move.</em></p>

      <p><em>I can’t keep waiting for something as dull and slow as sound. Just leave that behind.</em></p>

      <p>The scenery sped past me stupidly fast, and I concentrated all my strength in my right fist.</p>

      <p>I used a Grappler skill—“Iron Fist.” It proportionately raised one’s bare-handed attack power according to one’s class level.</p>

      <p>On top of that, I added the defense piercing “Weak Point Strike.”</p>

      <p>Now it was all left up to my own power. All I could do was trust in my body, my fist, and my punch.</p>

      <p>“OOOOOOOOAAARRGGGGGHHHH!!”</p>

      <p>—I struck.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>