<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“TAAAAKE THIS!” he said.</p>

      <p>He was the adventurer Jean, right?</p>

      <p>He swung his sword and cut into a golem. But the golem’s stone body didn’t even suffer a chip, let alone get cut in two.</p>

      <p>The golems, which couldn’t feel any pain or fear, had nothing running through their heads but to keep punching whomever was in front of them. That was why their movements were so simple. They never flinched, cowered, or faltered. They simply and robotically attacked repeatedly, but depending on the situation, that could still be a threat.</p>

      <p>Jean quickly backstepped to avoid said simple attack. But still, his expression betrayed a sense of tension that couldn’t be hidden.</p>

      <p>“W-What a ridiculous punch! Taking one of those would be no joke!”</p>

      <p>Correction: it looked simple to me, but apparently, that wasn’t the case for Jean.</p>

      <p>Two of the other adventurers jumped close to the golem as if they were switching places. They wielded twin swords and an axe. <em>I guess they emphasized power and speed?</em></p>

      <p>One of the adventurers cut at the golem several times, trying to wear it down with nicks. The other tried to strike a strong blow to the golem’s arm with his axe.</p>

      <p>Next, the man who stayed in the back took his bow and supported the three men in front as if to continue the combo.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t a bad setup in my opinion.</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <hr/>

      <p><b>【Jean】</b></p>

      <p>【Level】: 38</p>

      <p>【Race】: Human</p>

      <p>【Class Level】</p>

      <p>・Warrior: 38</p>

      <p>【HP】: 2747</p>

      <p>【SP】: 110</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 135</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 90</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 95</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 70</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 85</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 72</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 31</p>

      <hr/>

      <p>【<b>Richard</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 35</p>

      <p>【Race】: Human</p>

      <p>【Class Level】</p>

      <p>・Heavy Warrior: 35</p>

      <p>【HP】: 3090</p>

      <p>【SP】: 130</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 142</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 80</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 150</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 50</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 77</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 42</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 44</p>

      <hr/>

      <p>【<b>Nick</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 35</p>

      <p>【Race】: Human</p>

      <p>【Class Level】</p>

      <p>・Light Warrior: 35</p>

      <p>【HP】: 2100</p>

      <p>【SP】: 145</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 110</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 101</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 90</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 72</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 102</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 50</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 62</p>

      <hr/>

      <p>【<b>Shuu</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 36</p>

      <p>【Race】: Human</p>

      <p>【Class Level】</p>

      <p>・Archer: 36</p>

      <p>【HP】: 2110</p>

      <p>【SP】: 156</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 120</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 115</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 80</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 82</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 70</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 45</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 108</p>

      <hr/>

      <p>【<b>Mass Produced Golem</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 150</p>

      <p>【Race】: Artificial Life Form</p>

      <p>【Element】: Earth</p>

      <p>【HP】: 9087/9100</p>

      <p>【SP】: 0</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 305</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 100</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 355</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 9</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 108</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 15</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 70</p>

      <hr/>

      <p><em>...They’re doomed.</em></p>

      <p>If they had magic or something there’d still have been a possibility, but all of these guys were physical attackers. They wouldn’t have been able to get past the golem’s defense stat and shave away its HP like this.</p>

      <p>It looked like they were attacking desperately, but they were most likely only doing 2 or 3 damage per attack to the golem at most. In fact, the golem had only taken 13 damage after all that fighting.</p>

      <p>As it was, they’d get hit by one of the golem’s punches and sent to the beyond before the golem even got close to falling.</p>

      <p><em>Oh well...</em> I felt kinda bad for rescuing them when they came to rescue me. It was like I was blowing up their spot, and it might’ve ruined their confidence. But it was better than watching them die. <em>Right?</em></p>

      <p>I let out a small sigh before giving Aries a look. “Aries, go save those people.”</p>

      <p>“Understood! Leave it to me!” Aries responded happily to my order.</p>

      <p>He kicked off the ground right afterwards, closing the distance to the golem. He dexterously wove through the adventurers who were in the way and landed a blow. Aries’ fist, wrapped in flames, pulverized the golem’s head and still had enough momentum to also send the body flying.</p>

      <p>The golem’s body slammed into a wall, causing it to crumble to pieces, never to move again.</p>

      <p>Even though the enemy was weak, Aries really did well. Being able to eat through 9100 HP in a single strike... How reliable.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>The four adventurers—who, until just then, had been stuck in a hard fight to the death against the golem—had their mouths hanging wide-open in shock after seeing the golem that was their opponent so easily disposed of.</p>

      <p><em>Ahh. As I thought. Did that wound their pride?</em> I had a brief moment before Jean shouted out, his voice filled with child-like excitement.</p>

      <p>“SO... COOOOOOOOOLLLL!! Awesome! Amazing! Wow! Hey, did you guys see that?! Wasn’t that awesome?! Huh?! Hey, missy, what the hell was that just now?!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Huh?”</p>

      <p><em>Whoops, didn’t expect this reaction.</em></p>

      <p>Aries’ eyes darted back and forth with surprise and confusion as he was surrounded by the adventurers, and he was unable to answer their questions.</p>

      <p>I never expected them to react like this. I first separated Aries from the men.</p>

      <p>“Calm down, adventurers. We understand your excitement, but you’re all troubling Aries here. Also, Aries is male.”</p>

      <p>“O-Oh, sorry... Wait, a guy?! I totally thought he was a girl!”</p>

      <p><em>This Jean guy... He’s really overenthusiastic. No, he’s straight up noisy.</em></p>

      <p>Right after that, one of his comrades—the light warrior—slapped him from behind.</p>

      <p>“Shut up, Jean. You’re troubling them.” Apparently, he was the quiet one who could see reason.</p>

      <p><em>To be honest, I’m not really that fond of really energetic people. It’s like, whenever they’re around, my ears won’t stop ringing and I just keep building up stress.</em></p>

      <p><em>Well, that’s probably just because all I did all day was play games, though.</em></p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. Sorry about that. Uhh, yeah... Looks like we got saved instead, even though we came to save you, huh? Thanks.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t mind it. We thank you for your concern.” I didn’t put too much effort into those comforting words, though.</p>

      <p>Jean looked slightly sad.</p>

      <p>Even though they lacked the ability, they still tried to save us. <em>So I think it’s fine to just value their sense of chivalry.</em></p>

      <p>Jean was probably a pretty simple guy, though. As soon as I comforted him, his expression was dyed in happiness.</p>

      <p>“I-I see! Thanks for saying that. You’re a good person, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p><em>Good, huh?</em> I almost laughed reflexively, having that said about me.</p>

      <p>It was true, though. <em>Given who I am on the inside right now, I’m not a villain. At least, I don’t think so. I’m a normal person who won’t do crimes or anything... At least I should be.</em></p>

      <p>But Lufas Maphaahl was a straight-up villain who conquered the world two hundred years ago. In fact, it wasn’t too much to say she was <em>the</em> villain among all villains. So the fact that I was now being thought of as a good person made me feel really itchy somehow.</p>

      <p>The four of them introduced themselves.</p>

      <p>“Oh, right. We haven’t introduced ourselves yet, have we? I’m Jean. I’m an adventurer, and my class is Warrior.”</p>

      <p>“I’m Nick, and I’m also a Light Warrior. Sorry our leader here caused you trouble.”</p>

      <p>“I’m Richard. Class: Heavy Warrior. Nice to meet you.”</p>

      <p>“Shuu the Archer.”</p>

      <p><em>Once again: What a terribly balanced party.</em></p>

      <p><em>Like, what is up with three out of four people being warrior-type frontliners? No one uses magic at all. There’s no healer, either. And without a ranger, aren’t they just screwed?</em></p>

      <p><em>Personally, I’d only leave Jean as a warrior. I’d change Richard and Nick to a mage and an acolyte or something. And Shuu should be a ranger rather than an archer.</em> Archers weren’t bad, but in tight spaces like this they couldn’t really show off their full power. Putting it bluntly, magic was much better for rear fire support.</p>

      <p>In fact, magic—even low level magic—was necessary for opponents exactly like the tough golem they had just been fighting.</p>

      <p>“I am Sfalu, a free merchant. My class is... Ranger.”</p>

      <p>I actually had a lot of different classes, but from today’s standards that was probably too strange to admit. So I just told them the class that would be most useful in this situation.</p>

      <p>Even without the Grappler class, I could still attack with my bare fists as a Ranger and only be considered a “weird Ranger.” But if I were to use Ranger skills after I had said I was a Grappler, then that’d be clearly unnatural. Since that was the case, I decided to say I was a Ranger.</p>

      <p>“I’m Dina, also a free merchant. My class is Ranger.”</p>

      <p><em>Am I hearing right? I think someone who’s never once used a ranger skill is spouting some shit.</em></p>

      <p>Oh well. I never knew just how serious Dina ever was. <em>I’ll let that pass. But I’d have liked it if you at least picked a different class from mine.</em></p>

      <p>“I-I’m Aries, also a free merchant. My class is... R-Ranger?”</p>

      <p>And last was Aries.</p>

      <p><em>You totally didn’t understand what was going on and just kind of followed along, didn’t you?</em></p>

      <p><em>What are we supposed to do now? Now we’re just some kind of weirdo team full of rangers.</em></p>

      <p>As I expected, Jean had an exasperated look on his face. He spoke, completely ignoring the makeup of his own party.</p>

      <p>“What a terribly balanced party... Are you all okay?”</p>

      <p><em>The leader of a badly balanced party full of warriors just worried about the balance of our group.</em></p>

      <p><em>What is this? This indescribable feeling of humiliation. You’re wrong. I can clear a low level dungeon like this by myself. I swear.</em></p>

      <p>Well, I’d need about another five friends if I wanted to go for a level 1000 dungeon like the goddess’ divine territory, though. <em>Ah, but didn’t Megrez, one of my five friends, get blasted to smithereens at the gate?</em></p>

      <p>“No need for worry. Our levels are high.”</p>

      <p>“Powering through with levels, huh? ...You look all dainty, but you’re all real muscle-brains, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>We were called muscle-brains by the leader of a muscle-brained party filled with warriors...</p>

      <p><em>Oh no, now I really want to transmute a huge boomerang to stick into this guy’s head. Like, you don’t get to talk. Is this guy just here to get in my way and cause me stress?</em></p>

      <p>“You probably don’t have enough power as you are, right? All right, we owe you for yesterday, so we’ll come with you as bodyguards!”</p>

      <p><em>Wow, it’s crazy how much we don’t need that...</em></p>

      <p><em>I mean, you guys were literally just dragging us down, you know? You couldn’t even shave 100 HP off a golem, remember? How are you all confident enough to follow us like that?</em></p>

      <p>“That isn’t ne—”</p>

      <p>Just as I was about to say no, Dina covered my mouth and approved their presence on her own.</p>

      <p>“Really? Yay! Then, please take care of us!”</p>

      <p>I quickly removed Dina’s hand and gave her a condemning look. But Dina didn’t seem like she cared, and she continued talking with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t it okay, Miss Lufas? Let’s just take it as easy as we can until we get to Libra. They’re offering, and we need to use whomever we can.”</p>

      <p>“...You can be quite dark sometimes. You know that?”</p>

      <p>I shivered after hearing Dina casually say, “Let’s use them as shields.”</p>

      <p>Apparently the insides of my advisor were blacker than I thought. <em>I suppose I’m just lucky that that blackness hasn’t been aimed at me yet. Or maybe it already has, and I just haven’t noticed?</em></p>

      <p>“Fine. We suppose there is no choice but to support them as much as we can without it becoming obvious.”</p>

      <p>If we were to leave them alone they’d probably get killed by golems. On the other hand, if I were to sweep through the golems too easily, then I’d probably break the adventurers’ spirits. So there was no other choice but for Aries and I to defeat all of them while pretending like it was a joint effort.</p>

      <p>In other words... <em>Well, it’ll end up with us following Dina’s advice and using them as shields while we defeat the golems in a way that won’t stand out.</em></p>

      <p>“Well, shit...” I heaved a sigh.</p>

      <p>I shot Dina a light glare to communicate that I blamed her selfish actions for this before moving forward. Seeing me do that, the four adventurers hurried to follow after me, and Aries and Dina did the same.</p>

      <p><em>Now then, let’s hurry up to the top floor where Libra is.</em></p>

      <p>We continued through the uselessly huge grave. The only redeeming factor of this grave was the fact that it got smaller the higher up we went. Thanks to the pyramid shape, it got easier the higher up we climbed, which was great. I supposed the only problem was that the higher up we went, the higher the golems’ levels became.</p>

      <p>A golem stood in our way, generating sounds that echoed up and down the passageways. From what I could tell, its level was 300. Some pretty high-quality golems had started showing up.</p>

      <p>More importantly, they’d kill the adventurers in one hit at this level, so this was pretty bad. We’d need to take care of them before they locked their sights on one of the adventurers.</p>

      <p>“Jeaarrr!”</p>

      <p>The golem let out a strange cry and charged toward the adventurers. But for some reason, the golem stopped the moment I inserted myself in between them.</p>

      <p>Then, the golem tried to go for a different adventurer. But this time Aries stepped in, and it stopped again.</p>

      <p><em>What’s going on here?</em> The golem stopped moving, as if it didn’t want to attack us. In fact, it was almost like it wanted us to step back.</p>

      <p>With no other targets, it even weirdly went after Dina in the end.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, could it be...it sees Aries and me as friends?</em> It wasn’t impossible.</p>

      <p>For golems of this level, even I’d upgraded their AI levels. In other words, this one was way smarter than the golems down below. Then it wasn’t strange that it still saw Aries and I as friends even though my country was no more.</p>

      <p>Actually, if that wasn’t the case, then we’d get attacked by Libra, too.</p>

      <p>...</p>

      <p><em>...huh?</em> Then why was it attacking Dina?</p>

      <p>“Wai—! W-W-W-WAIT A SECOOOND! Why meeee?! Save me, Sfaluuu!”</p>

      <p>Seeing the golem chase Dina around, somehow I felt an incredibly sad feeling well up in me. I looked over at Aries, and judging from the faraway look in his eyes, he also empathized with Dina.</p>

      <p><em>Dina, you...</em></p>

      <p><em>...You were so forgettable even golems don’t recognize you, huh...?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>I easily parried the golem’s punch and quietly ordered the golem to standby. Then, I flashily threw the golem back, making it seem like it was destroyed, though that was just for show.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t a problem to destroy the low-AI-level golems down below. After all, they couldn’t even tell it was me anymore and wouldn’t follow my orders. They were just automated attack machines that hit at anything in front of them... It was the right move to destroy anything like that.</p>

      <p>However, the golems from the middle floors and up were high level and understood simple orders. More than anything, they saw Aries and I as friends, so I didn’t want to destroy anything that wouldn’t attack us.</p>

      <p>That was why we only pretended to destroy any golems from the middle floors and up, instead leaving them all unharmed.</p>

      <p>“*whistles* That’s amazing, Sfalu. You blew away another one.”</p>

      <p>“Are you really a Ranger...?”</p>

      <p>It seemed like Jean and Nick were finally becoming suspicious, but there shouldn’t be a problem as long as they didn’t see my wings.</p>

      <p>A long while after we first entered this grave, we’d finally come to the 106th floor. I was told this place had 108 floors, so we were two away from the top.</p>

      <p>The last investigation corps was able to reach here, it seemed, even though it took them an entire month. Hearing that, I felt both respect for how far they’d come as well as a sense of sadness, since they came so close.</p>

      <p>Based on their levels, each and every golem should have been a real threat to them. Even so, the fact that they still made it this far despite their disadvantage showed how skilled they were. That was why it was such a waste. It was probably really painful for humanity to lose people like that now.</p>

      <p>Seeing what was stationed in front of the stairs leading to the 107th floor, I spoke. “...Everyone, step back.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh wow, so that was still around.</em></p>

      <p>There stood a steel guardian over 10 meters tall, a size larger than the other golems. It was the strongest golem I was able to make by myself without paying real money for it—a golem at level 600 thanks to using the rare material “mithril silver.”</p>

      <p>Before the final battle, I used the best materials I had on hand and made several golems to guard my base. They weren’t as strong as Libra, whom I got Mizar to make. But even so, their level was 600, which was the highest I was able to achieve.</p>

      <p>It would probably lose against Levia, who was made up of a lake’s worth of water. But it was still the strongest class of golem back then, enough that it wasn’t strange for them to be used to defend one’s borders.</p>

      <p>The investigation corps did really well to have been able to pass this one.</p>

      <p><em>...They probably had to use some people as bait to get through, didn’t they?</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Gatekeeper</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 600</p>

      <p>【Race】: Artificial Life Form</p>

      <p>【Attribute】: Metal</p>

      <p>【HP】: 105/45000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 0</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: ????</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: ????</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: ????</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: ??</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: ???</p>

      <p>【MIND (Mind)】: ???</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: ???<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>...tch! I can’t see its stats.</em></p>

      <p>That meant it wasn’t under my control.</p>

      <p>When the target’s level was over half of mine, anyone not a friendly only had their name, level, HP/SP, and attribute displayed.</p>

      <p>I should have made the gatekeeper with AI level 3 or 4... <em>Is it unable to tell it’s me? ...Let’s test it out.</em> It made no sense that the other golems could tell, but this one couldn’t.</p>

      <p>“...Do you recognize us, gatekeeper?”</p>

      <p>First, I approached the gatekeeper openly.</p>

      <p>Jean shouted, “Watch out!” But I ignored him.</p>

      <p><em>Now, how about it? Can you recognize me?</em></p>

      <p>“...approaching...intruder—detecte—...de-de-detec—... Eli-Eli...e-e-e... Eliminat..ing...ing-ing-ing-ing...ing...”</p>

      <p>I avoided the gatekeeper’s punch, and at the same time, I was convinced.</p>

      <p>I’d had a bad feeling when I saw how low its HP was, and apparently, that feeling had been proven true.</p>

      <p>This one was already broken. It couldn’t even recognize me. But it just hadn’t stopped moving yet. It was unfortunate, but there was probably no choice but to break this one now.</p>

      <p>Judging from the fact that the other golems were still okay, this wasn’t just because of wear and tear over the years.</p>

      <p>As for something that could reduce this one’s HP this far... Well, only devilfolk fit the bill. Of course, given how weak the Seven Luminaries were, just one or two attacks probably wouldn’t affect it much. But ten or twenty definitely would.</p>

      <p>In fact, I was actually impressed that it was still moving.</p>

      <p>“Sfalu!”</p>

      <p>“Do not worry. We are not weak enough to be killed by something like this,” I replied to Jean, who sounded worried, and moved forward.</p>

      <p>I slipped past the gatekeeper’s tirelessly repeating attacks and into its bosom.</p>

      <p>...One strike! My hand pierced through the gatekeeper, taking away its little remaining HP.</p>

      <p>The golem emitted a flash of electricity, and pieces of metal flew through the air. The mono-eye that served as its source of sight flickered, and the rest of it fell to the floor.</p>

      <p>“A-aah...gh... Intruders...extermi—...ex...”</p>

      <p>The way it kept repeating its words like a broken record was at once both hilarious and pitiful.</p>

      <p>I shook off the bits of metal that were stuck to my hand and stepped past the fallen gatekeeper.</p>

      <p>Now there were no more obstacles. All that was left was stopping Libra.</p>

      <p>I was just about to go up the stairs to the next floor, but I heard something talking, although the voice was mixed with static.</p>

      <p>“...Wel—...o...back... ...Lufa—... ...Wel—...c...”</p>

      <p>The voice was feeble, and I almost couldn’t catch it. But I did. I did catch it.</p>

      <p>I stopped on the spot and glanced over at the fallen gatekeeper.</p>

      <p>Even fallen, its arm was stretched out, as if celebrating my return. To me, who’d just broken it.</p>

      <p>“...Your loyalty through this long journey of yours must have been arduous. Well done, working for us for this long. ...Just rest now...”</p>

      <p>“...aahh...” In its very last moments, the gatekeeper let out a small, relieved-sounding noise that was barely even speech.</p>

      <p><em>...This is a little too much. I know that there was no other way but to break it, but this is too much.</em></p>

      <p><em>Weird. My heart won’t calm down. I can’t shake this feeling that I just made a huge mistake.</em></p>

      <p>I had never seen this golem before. Or that was how it should’ve been. <em>This is my first time seeing it, right? And it’s just a golem.</em> They just moved as they were ordered, like tools.</p>

      <p><em>Why am I feeling like this?</em></p>

      <p>“...Now all that’s left is the 107th and then the top floor. You all wait here.”</p>

      <p>There was no doubt Libra was next. So now it was time for the party to temporarily disband. I needed to go alone.</p>

      <p>But Jean shouted out to oppose me.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait a second! Are you planning to go alone?! That’s crazy!”</p>

      <p>“No, that is the best choice. There is no one else here who can withstand Libra’s first blow. Her Brachium can turn all of you into ashes thirty times over and still have more damage to deal.”</p>

      <p>“...!” Jean gulped and gave me a doubtful look.</p>

      <p>He didn’t doubt my words. His look told me that he doubted my identity.</p>

      <p>“You... Just who are you?”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“I’m an idiot, but I’m not stupid enough to miss how ridiculously strong you all are after coming with you this far. Ever since the middle floors, you’ve been taking care of the golems so we don’t fight them... You didn’t even bat an eye at that tough-looking golem’s punch... And you’re talking like you know Libra... You... Just what...?”</p>

      <p>“...We have no obligation to respond to that.” I declined to reply and turned my back on him.</p>

      <p>What I said extended to both Dina and Aries as well, but Dina would probably be way better than me at tricking them.</p>

      <p><em>How should I put it? I’m no good at this.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’m getting far too shaken over a single golem. I’m so lacking in composure, even I don’t understand it. I really don’t... Leaving how the real Lufas would feel aside, I shouldn’t feel this way, right? I don’t have any reason to feel sad, right...? Agghh, what the hell. I’m going crazy.</em></p>

      <p>I climbed the stairs to the 107th floor.</p>

      <p>I immediately noticed that I was in a cold, sterile space that was just huge. The walls were crumbling and cracked in places.</p>

      <p>In the middle stood a girl—no, a golem that looked like a girl—in maid clothes.</p>

      <p>I could see traces of repair work on the clothes I gave her long ago. Even then, it wasn’t enough; they were torn in places. Her exposed arms revealed joints that outed her as clearly nonhuman, and if I looked closely, there were small cracks running through her body.</p>

      <p>She was the artificial life-form that I gathered the materials for two hundred years ago and had Mizar make.</p>

      <p>She turned to face me, making an audible creaking sound as she did so.</p>

      <p>“—Intruder confirmed... Warning... It is recommended that you leave within ten seconds. If you do not comply, or if you take hostile action, I am authorized to remove you with deadly force.”</p>

      <p>It was a standard warning that she’d probably repeated many, many times.</p>

      <p>Without replying or approaching her, I undid my hair.</p>

      <p>“10... 9... 8...”</p>

      <p>I took off my glasses and reached behind me. I removed the bandages that Megrez had gifted me, slowly putting my wings out in the open.</p>

      <p>“7... 6... 5... ...” Her countdown stopped.</p>

      <p>Not minding that, I continued to undo my bandages, fully releasing my wings.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>