<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Several men made their way along a dark, stone-paved road. They had torches in their hands and swords at their waists.</p>

      <p>Those behind them had staves and bows. It was obvious from their unwavering movements that these were brave men who had lived through many hard battles.</p>

      <p>However, even such strong men could not hide the exhaustion on their faces. There were countless nicks and scratches on their armor, and the magic-user-like man in the middle could be found to be lacking an arm upon closer inspection.</p>

      <p>It certainly had been hell for them to get this far.</p>

      <p>They’d been assailed by many traps as well as the many golems wandering about that Lufas Maphaahl had once mass-produced for her final battle. In today’s world they were now an invincible brigade, each one at the level of a sword saint.</p>

      <p>There were only a scant ten people left alive now, but when they’d entered, they had been a huge group of over fifty people.</p>

      <p>This location was the place that housed the tyrant’s treasures as well as the place said to house her soul—the “Grave of the Black-Winged King.”</p>

      <p>Sometimes it was hunters who entered, seeking treasures that lay resting here. Sometimes it was graverobbers. And sometimes it was soldiers, like these people, who wished for a reversal of humanity’s fortunes.</p>

      <p>In today’s world, the people threatened by the devilfolk needed weapons and armor to overturn their superiority.</p>

      <p>Like a magic sword that could sweep away hundreds of monsters with a single swing.</p>

      <p>Or a spear that would always hit the enemy when thrown and automatically return to its user.</p>

      <p>Or even elixirs, said to be the ultimate medicine, able to heal any wounds or sickness and even extend one’s lifespan.</p>

      <p>Any one of those items was a treasure that humanity would do anything for, something that could make their inferiority disappear. Humanity wanted those items no matter what they had to give in return. They couldn’t help it.</p>

      <p>But this place was an emotionless hell. Invaders were mercilessly killed, their lives reaped and harvested. Every single golem was a threat. If a person were to fight them head-on, they’d have been killed in an instant.</p>

      <p>So these people avoided fights, ran around traps, and finally, reached the top floor even while their party was whittled away.</p>

      <p>“Just a little more...... We’re almost there...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, we’re gonna make everyone’s sacrifices mean something...... We’re going to bring back these weapons.”</p>

      <p>These people did not have the capability to challenge this grave judging by ability alone. No. In the first place, the only ones left in today’s world who would have had the ability would have been the Seven Heroes.</p>

      <p>Even so, they came because they wished for humanity’s victory. They wished from the bottom of their hearts to end this dark world, no matter how many sacrifices they had to make. It was all for their children, the next generation, and for the families that they loved.</p>

      <p>These ten warriors, who overcame even their fear of death, threw away all thoughts of self-defense completely as they proceeded ever onwards.</p>

      <p>But reality was heartless.</p>

      <p>Their biggest obstacle—one that could not be avoided—was waiting for them on the top floor.</p>

      <p>“Intruder confirmed...... Warning...... It is recommended you leave within the next ten seconds. If you do not comply, or if you take hostile action, I am authorized—a-ah— authorized to remove you with deadly force.”</p>

      <p>One of the Twelve Heavenly Stars guarded the top floor and the king’s treasures. She was history’s strongest golem and a proud, ruthless guardian—Libra of the “Scales.”</p>

      <p>Her appearance was that of a lovely girl. On top of light-brown hair cut to her shoulders, Libra wore a maid’s headband. She was clothed in a maid uniform that was worn down by the passage of time, even torn in places.</p>

      <p>Even so, the girl herself still looked as young as ever, as if she were frozen in time. However, her eyes looked like glass beads, utterly without emotion. Her upper arms, which were left exposed by her torn sleeves, revealed molded joints, as if to prove that she was artificial. These joints audibly creaked as she moved and had small cracks running through them.</p>

      <p>As soon as the men recognized her, they readied their weapons.</p>

      <p>“That is... Libra of the Scales!”</p>

      <p>“Please wait, member of the Twelve Heavenly Stars! We did not come to fight! Please, listen to us!”</p>

      <p>“Counting down... 10... 9... 8...”</p>

      <p>“Please, listen to us! Right now, humanity is being pushed into a corner by the devilfolk! We had no choice but to come here to solve this!”</p>

      <p>“7... 6... 5...”</p>

      <p>“Please, for the victory of humanity! We need the Black-Winged’s inheritance!”</p>

      <p>“4...—. —Countdown suspended. Objective of the intruders confirmed... Confirmed as enemies who are— aiming for master’s treasure. Confirmed fulfillment of conditions for extermination...”</p>

      <p>“!!”</p>

      <p>The warning countdown stopped, but the men realized that definitely did not mean she was not going to attack. The fact that the countdown stopped meant that there was no longer a need for a countdown! They had just fulfilled her so-called “conditions for extermination”!</p>

      <p>“Wai—...”</p>

      <p>“Exterminating—Program Selection. Activating Brachium!”</p>

      <p>Everything was dyed white.</p>

      <p>That was the last thing those men ever saw in this world. After that—there was not even a speck of those men left.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>It’d been about two days since we started traveling by the camping car, Tanaka. We’d reached our next destination: my grave.</p>

      <p><em>To be paying a visit to my own grave...</em> This was a very surreal situation. <em>Well, honestly, it’s not like I’m buried in there or anything, so it’s nothing like an actual grave, I guess. If anybody were to be crying in front of the grave, I’d totally want to say in a singsong voice, “I’m not thee~re!”</em></p>

      <p>“Here should be fine for now. Tanaka clearly stands out, so We’ll be hiding him in the nearby woods.”</p>

      <p>“Okaayyy.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>“Y E S, B O S S.”</p>

      <p>I had Tanaka, who for some reason replied in a really robotic voice, stop in a random spot in the woods before telling it to wait. If I didn’t go that far, this car would follow me on its own.</p>

      <p>After that, I took Dina and Aries with me and got out of the car, heading for the grave.</p>

      <p>Well, I say that, but we were already pretty much there. It was a huge-ass pyramid. I’d heard about it already from Megrez, but it really was uselessly big.</p>

      <p>No matter how amazing alchemy was, it was still surprising that they built something this big and it was still standing in perfect shape today. In terms of ridiculousness, Maphaahl Tower could still have been higher on the list, but Mizar’s probably the only one who could’ve built something like that.</p>

      <p>...Ah, now that I thought about it, both of these buildings were mine. I’d never seen the grave, though.</p>

      <p>“Still... Why is there a village around our grave?”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, well, it’s kind of like a tourist attraction... The adventurers, hunters, and other people who wanted to conquer this grave all gathered here, so the merchants who saw a profit to be made gathered, too. It seems like more and more people came here until at some point there was a village.”</p>

      <p>“...So this grave is just a complete tourist trap, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“It actually is a tourist trap, yes. That’s what happens when a famous big-shot has a grave. Later generations will turn it into a tourist attraction.”</p>

      <p>I sighed after hearing Dina’s explanation, a pretty spiritless response compared to what I usually gave.</p>

      <p>Now that she mentioned it, the pyramids were a tourist spot in my old world, too, so I guess it’s not that weird.</p>

      <p><em>There’s a grave for me even though I’m still alive, and it’s a tourist attraction.</em></p>

      <p><em>That is... I’m not sure how I feel about it.</em></p>

      <p>While I was busy thinking, Aries pounded his chest for some reason, saying something and looking fully fired up.</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me, Miss Lufas!”</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, he looked more like a little girl trying her best, thanks to his appearance. It almost brought tears to my eyes.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll go scatter those fools for you! It’s unthinkable for people to gather to rob your grave!” Aries said, enveloping himself in flames.</p>

      <p><em>Hey stop, stupid! Are you seriously trying to turn into a giant sheep here?! You’re the one doing something unthinkable, you stupid sheep!</em></p>

      <p>“Stop that, Aries. There’s no need to kick up a fuss here.”</p>

      <p>“B-But...”</p>

      <p>“No buts. In the first place, the fact that We are here now means that is not our grave at all. We feel sorry for everyone who went through the trouble to make it...but that is simply a building that We do not even remember being given. We feel no attachment to such things, so it being robbed is of no concern to us.”</p>

      <p>For now, I managed to calm Aries down, preventing a violent future. That was dangerous... Unlike how this guy looked, he was really short-fused when it came to me, huh?</p>

      <p><em>Could it be...</em> Were all the Twelve Heavenly Stars like this? I was glad they all liked me, but this was starting to make my head hurt.</p>

      <p>“So... What do we do, Dina? Will we attempt to get in by disguising ourselves as free merchants again?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. Luckily, this place is for tourists, so it’s common for merchants to come and go. Now, just leave everything to yours truly, Dina!”</p>

      <p><em>Hm, she’s as reliable as always, this advisor of mine. It’s never been wrong to leave things up to Dina before now, so let’s follow her advice.</em> Rather, if Dina weren’t around, I’d be pretty seriously screwed, wouldn’t I?</p>

      <p>When we entered the village, the first thing I noticed were all the tents set up here and there for temporary housing. Most likely, those were either for merchants or adventurers.</p>

      <p>I also saw residences made out of wood, but those were probably for people who’d decided to settle down here and give their all to either conquering the grave themselves or supporting those who did. There were also inns and eateries, making this place livelier than I would have ever expected from a village so near a ‘grave.’</p>

      <p>If I really were dead, I certainly wouldn’t be able to rest with things like this.</p>

      <p>“Well then, I’ll go find the person responsible for this place and get permission to do business. Miss Lufas, you should—let’s see, that inn over there seems nice. Can you go get us rooms there, please? I’ll meet up with you there once I’m finished.” After saying what she wanted to say, Dina didn’t even wait for my reply before she dashed off.</p>

      <p>She was actually a really aggressive person. Well, if she was that full of confidence, then there shouldn’t be a problem.</p>

      <p>“Hahh, Dina’s really amazing, isn’t she?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. She is surprisingly useful every time. I wonder why she was so unnoticeable two hundred years ago.”</p>

      <p>Actually, what race even was Dina? It was a little late to be asking, though.</p>

      <p>She didn’t have elf ears, so she didn’t seem like an elf. But she didn’t have any wings, so she wasn’t a heaven-winged, either. She had no fangs, so she wasn’t a vampire, and she was still young after two hundred years, so she couldn’t be a human, dwarf, halfling, or beastfolk. From the color of her skin, she wasn’t a devilfolk, either.</p>

      <p>To be fair, there were lots of ways to hide wings, such as the method I was using now, so I couldn’t just judge from physical appearance.</p>

      <p>My best guess was that she was an elf who was hiding her ears really well. If she were a heaven-winged, she would have been disgusted by my wings. If she were a vampire, she wouldn’t have been able to move around during the day. But if that were the case, that would raise the question of why she was hiding her ears.</p>

      <p><em>—...Well, whatever, I guess.</em></p>

      <p>No matter what Dina was, it didn’t change the fact that she had been really helpful. This was what they call uncalled-for suspicion.</p>

      <p>“Let us do as Dina says for now. It would be nice if they had open rooms...”</p>

      <p>In a perfect world, they would have had three rooms to rent.</p>

      <p><em>I’m a man at heart, so there’s no way I can room with Dina. But still, my body is a woman’s, so I can’t room with Aries, either. Thanks to the same gender issues, Aries and Dina can’t room together. A room for each of us would be best.</em></p>

      <p>With those thoughts running through my mind, I opened the door to the inn and went inside.</p>

      <p>Inside, I saw four men who seemed like adventurers talking to a man who appeared to be the owner of this inn.</p>

      <p>Seeing Aries and I, the innkeeper jumped forward, leaping over the counter before running over to us.</p>

      <p>“Ohh! Welcome, Miss! Welcome! I’m so lucky to have a beauty like you as a guest! If you need rooms, I’ve got some for cheap!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Uh, boss... Weren’t we just talking about renting...”</p>

      <p>“Later!”</p>

      <p>Apparently, this innkeeper was really true to his desires. In a way, it was really manly how he came right at us, leaving the customers that came first.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, would this be what they call ‘the perks of being beautiful’? It’s a pretty uncomfortable feeling, having come face-to-face with it.</em></p>

      <p>“Indeed, it would be great if it’s cheap. Owner, do you have three rooms free?”</p>

      <p>“Three rooms... But there are only two of you?”</p>

      <p>“There will be one more coming later.”</p>

      <p>“I see... Of course, I have three rooms free!”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, so he does have them free. That’s great.</em></p>

      <p>After the brief moment in which I had that thought, the four adventurers raised an angry yell.</p>

      <p>“Hey, old man! You just said you only have three rooms free, didn’t you?! So what are you telling us to do if you give that girlie there all of the rooms?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s ladies first here. Give it up.”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>“Anyone would choose a pretty lady over some musty dudes who won’t even pay on time. I’d make that choice in a heartbeat. If you’re going to blame anyone, blame yourselves and the tab that you’ve run up.”</p>

      <p>“But we just paid off that tab!”</p>

      <p>I managed to piece together what was going on from all their arguing.</p>

      <p>Basically, those adventurers were habitually late in paying their dues. They had just been in the middle of paying what they owed and trying to get a room again. That was when Aries and I came in, and this old man prioritized us.</p>

      <p>It’s not like I didn’t understand how he felt. I mean, I had been a guy just a little while ago, and even now, I was still a guy on the inside. But preserving order was important. If they came first, then they should have had priority.</p>

      <p><em>Now then, a good compromise...</em></p>

      <p><em>...Well, it does exist.</em></p>

      <p>“A word, innkeeper?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, missy. Wait just a little, I’m gonna drive these bums off first.”</p>

      <p>“About that. We cannot approve of you driving off a customer who came first. So. Since there is no choice, We can settle for two rooms. Is that fine?”</p>

      <p>Given the situation, there was no other choice. I just rented two rooms and gave one to Dina while Aries and I roomed in the other. I couldn’t imagine Aries would ever assault me. He probably didn’t even look at me that way...</p>

      <p>It was not the best situation to be in, but this should be the better choice.</p>

      <p>...I could imagine Dina complaining about it later since she’d been left alone, though.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Inside a room which was by no means large.</p>

      <p>There, beings that were not people sat around a seven-sided table.</p>

      <p>Each corner represented one of the main elements that were said to make up the world: fire, water, wood, metal, earth, sun, and moon. And each seat was reserved for the devilfolk general that was crowned with the corresponding title.</p>

      <p>However, there were only six present when there should have been seven, with the empty seat belonging to the element of fire.</p>

      <p>“...What’s wrong with Mars?” the man sitting in the ‘Wood’ element seat growled unhappily.</p>

      <p>Their statuses were the same, yet opposing. Even while being comrades with the same status, there was no trust between them, and they were all constantly planning on how they would knock the others down. However, they all deterred each other, so no one could have actually followed through.</p>

      <p>It was under that perfect yet unstable balance that the Seven Luminaries were established.</p>

      <p>And right now, one of the members who should have been equal to them was making all the others wait, irritating them.</p>

      <p>“Who knows? Maybe he’s dead. All the monsters that followed him are gone now. So is Aries, after all. I find it harder to believe he’s alive.”</p>

      <p>The woman who sat at the ‘Earth’ element seat sounded happy. There was no hint of any grief or anger at the fact that one of her comrades had been killed. In fact, her tone oozed with joy, as if congratulating the fact that he died.</p>

      <p>“So he was done in by Megrez, huh? ...Or did Aries rebel? Anyway, it’s his own fault for overestimating his own skill and trying to use one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars.”</p>

      <p>“Heh, even among the Seven Luminaries, he was the weakest. Done in by a mere member of the Twelve Heavenly Stars? He’s a disgrace to us devilfolk.”</p>

      <p>“Stop that, idiot. Saying that’s bad luck.”</p>

      <p>The man who sat at the seat of the ‘Water’ element surmised Mars’ cause of death. The woman with an ominous aura who sat at the seat of ‘Metal’ wasted no time in making a joke about it, as if she’d been waiting to do so this entire time.</p>

      <p>The one who hurried to stop them was the androgynous-looking man who occupied the ‘Moon’ seat.</p>

      <p>Lastly, the man at the head seat of the ‘Sun,’ who was most likely the leader, spoke softly while looking at the other members.</p>

      <p>“At any rate... Mars was most likely killed by something or someone. And on top of that, Aries of the Twelve Heavenly Stars has similarly disappeared... This is serious.”</p>

      <p>There would be no anger over Mars’ death. However, there was possibly someone or something out there with the ability to defeat a member of the Seven Luminaries. That fact could not be ignored.</p>

      <p>It would be fine if it was one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars or the Seven Heroes. However, what if it was someone from neither of those two groups? ...That would be a threat that, once again, could not be ignored.</p>

      <p>“Venus. You should have been near Svel, right? Did you see who killed him?”</p>

      <p>“Of course I saw.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Who was it?”</p>

      <p>The woman named Venus laughed in response to the man with the Sun attribute’s question, sounding as if she were having fun. However, that was not the case for anyone else.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know who, since I couldn’t get too close, or I would’ve been killed, too. But, I do remember that it was an absolutely stunning woman with beautiful, black wings.”</p>

      <p>A beautiful woman with black wings who could kill one of the Seven Luminaries.</p>

      <p>Hearing those words, no one would have failed to think of ‘her.’</p>

      <p>But... But it was impossible. That person should have died two hundred years ago. That was how it should have been.</p>

      <p>“It couldn’t be Lufas Maphaahl...?! Sh-She’s alive?!”</p>

      <p>“No way! She should have been killed by the humans two hundred years ago!”</p>

      <p>Lufas Maphaahl.</p>

      <p>To the devilfolk, that was a name scarier than even the hero.</p>

      <p>Once, she’d united the entire world under her dominion, a conqueror that managed to unite all of humanity. Her might was enough to stand at the top of the world, even during an age where hero-level individuals were normal.</p>

      <p>More than anything, her way of being was fear personified. No matter if they opposed her or not, she had massacred any devilfolk she came across. She would put devilfolk heads on spears, exposing their defeat to the heavens as if she were trying to crush their very will to fight.</p>

      <p>Begging for one’s life had no meaning. Warriors who had begged for their lives, saying they had a family, had their skulls crushed under her heel. If one ran, she’d grab their heads from behind before ripping off their head with the spinal cord still attached.</p>

      <p>She was an absurdity that surpassed and crushed all other absurdities under it. She was unreasonable to the point where no others could have matched her. She would tear apart any who would invade her territory; she was an invader to invaders.</p>

      <p>—The black angel was a fearful demon to the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>Everyone feared ever meeting her. They wouldn’t be able to run, and they couldn’t be saved. If any devilfolk were to ever come across her, it would mean the end of their lives. There were no exceptions. No devilfolk that had ever happened across her sight had lived to tell the tale.</p>

      <p>Luckily, Lufas’ severe methods invited fear and rebellion from her fellow humanity, and she was unable to avoid being overthrown by the Heroes, but still, the number of devilfolk she’d managed to bury up until then was uncountable.</p>

      <p>If she really was alive, then she could flip the power balance between the devilfolk and the humans right on its head. Just the possibility that the personification of fear could be alive caused the place to go into a confused uproar.</p>

      <p>“The Black-Winged King, the only one the Devil King has ever avoided battle with, huh...? If she really is alive, then she is a far bigger threat to the devilfolk than the Seven Heroes. Venus, do you know where she went after that?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Right now she seems to be at the Grave of the Black-Winged King.”</p>

      <p>“All right. Then you continue to keep tabs on her. Report to me immediately if something comes up.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.” The girl who presided over metal obediently acknowledged the order from the head of the Seven Luminaries.</p>

      <p>The scene of her bowing reverentially, lit by rays coming from the window, looked almost like a play—</p>

      <p>—Her smile seemed like it was ridiculing absolutely everything.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>