<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <div class="main">
    <section epub:type="copyright-page" id="Copyright01">
      <h1 class="copyright-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-copyright">Copyright</a></h1>

      <p>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 2</p>

      <p>by Firehead</p>

      <p class="section-break">Translated by Kevin Chen</p>

      <p>Edited by Kathleen Townsend</p>

      <p class="section-break">This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.</p>

      <p class="section-break">Copyright © 2016 Firehead / YahaKo</p>

      <p>Illustrations by YahaKo</p>

      <p class="section-break">All rights reserved.</p>

      <p class="section-break">Original Japanese edition published in 2016 by Earth Star Entertainment</p>

      <p>This English edition is published by arrangement with Earth Star Entertainment, Tokyo</p>

      <p>English translation © 2020 J-Novel Club LLC</p>

      <p class="section-break">All rights reserved. In accordance with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, the scanning, uploading, and electronic sharing of any part of this book without the permission of the publisher is unlawful piracy and theft of the author’s intellectual property.</p>

      <p class="section-break">J-Novel Club LLC</p>

      <p><a href="https://j-novel.club">j-novel.club</a></p>

      <p>The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.</p>

      <p>Ebook edition 1.0: September 2020</p>
    </section>
  </div>
</body>
</html>