<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 2</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:01c62081-7f97-44e9-9557-e06763e048ac" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter004">
<p><a id="page-23"></a>He had come into the room looking to check on her and maybe grab a change of clothes while he was at it. How had he ended up doing something like this? Amane felt his cheeks grow hot as it fully dawned on him just how unspeakably creepy he was acting.</p>
<p>“Nn-ngh…”</p>
<p>After another moment, Mahiru’s eyelids finally started to flutter open again…</p>
<p>“…Ah.”</p>
<p>They locked eyes.</p>
<p>Mahiru’s gaze flicked from Amane, who was leaning over her, to his extended finger. She immediately sat bolt upright.</p>
<p>“M-morning,” Amane stammered.</p>
<p>“…G-good morning…”</p>
<p>“You fell asleep at my place, so I let you stay the night here, but I didn’t have any ulterior motives and I swear I didn’t do anything, so really, I hope you can appreciate all that…” Amane said, the words pouring out in a rush as he struggled to explain.</p>
<p>As she listened to Amane’s jumbled account, Mahiru stayed quiet, but her cheeks quickly flushed bright red as it dawned on her where she had slept, and she tugged at a corner of the futon, practically hiding herself with it.</p>
<p>Finding even that small gesture charming, Amane quickly turned away.</p>
<p><em>What is</em> happening <em>here?</em></p>
<p>Even though he had lent her a bed for the night, he was starting to feel bad. He knew that he had been wrong to touch her without permission. But it had only been for a moment, and he had absolutely no intention of taking it any further.</p>
<p>Amane looked back at Mahiru. His heart was pounding in his chest. He didn’t know if it was because he was smitten with her or <a id="page-24"></a>from feeling guilty. He saw that her cheeks were still tinged red, and she was staring at him with a sullen look…or not quite sullen. It seemed like she had something to say to him.</p>
<p>“…Amane, do you like touching my cheeks?”</p>
<p>“Huh?”</p>
<p>“I mean, you touched me at Christmas and then again yesterday when I fell asleep, didn’t you?”</p>
<p>“…So you were awake the whole time?”</p>
<p>The other night, when he had stroked her cheek…he’d thought that she’d been fast asleep. That she would never know he’d touched her. But she did, because she’d actually been awake at the time.</p>
<p>“Well, you see, I briefly woke up just as I was being lowered into bed… Moreover, how could I do anything else in a situation like that?”</p>
<p>“Weren’t you worried about me…doing something?” Amane asked.</p>
<p>“…I never thought you would do anything like <em>that</em>, but…in order to confirm my suspicions, I pretended to be asleep.”</p>
<p>Apparently, falling asleep in front of him had been some kind of test to determine whether he was really worthy of her trust. Ultimately, it seemed like she was leaning toward yes rather than no, for which he was glad.</p>
<p>Amane hoped she wouldn’t test that out again. He really wasn’t sure he would do any better the next time he was faced with controlling himself when she was that same charming vulnerability, either.</p>
<p>“…Well, I’m glad you haven’t decided I’m totally shady. Also please don’t try any more tests. I am a man, after all.”</p>
<p>“Uh, I kn-know that, but—”</p>
<p>“Or maybe you were expecting me to try something?”</p>
<p>“Of course not!” Mahiru firmly denied, pulling the comforter <a id="page-25"></a>back up around her. She was practically shaking, and Amane thought he’d seen her start to blush, just a little. He wisely swallowed the urge to make a joke about her being in his bed.</p>
<p>For now, it was probably a good idea to give Mahiru some space until she regained her composure.</p>
<p class="space-break">After that inexplicable bout of awkwardness, Mahiru returned to her apartment to freshen up before coming back again. But it was obvious that she was still embarrassed because she refused to make eye contact with Amane. Every time he tried to catch her gaze, she turned away. Even though she was sitting on the sofa right next to him, it was like she was miles away.</p>
<p>“…Please forgive me,” Amane said, stomach twisting in knots.</p>
<p>Mahiru quickly glanced over at him, then sighed softly. Maybe she wasn’t as upset anymore; she was wearing her usual serene expression. “I’m not angry. You don’t have to apologize, Amane.”</p>
<p>“Well, I think—”</p>
<p>“I suppose I’m mostly upset with myself for being so careless, that’s all. I really wish you hadn’t seen me like that.”</p>
<p>“Like…what? I thought you looked really sweet…”</p>
<p>Mahiru’s dreaming face had reminded him why people called her an angel, but more importantly, he had discovered that just after she woke up, in the moments between sleep and wakefulness, her usual cool and collected demeanor gave way to a youthful innocence that he found extremely charming.</p>
<p>If anything, Amane wanted to see her like that again.</p>
<p>But it was clear that Mahiru was not happy that he’d seen her with her guard down. Before Amane could argue any further, she bit her lip hard and suddenly whacked him with a pillow. It didn’t hurt or anything—it was obvious that Mahiru wasn’t really trying—but it caught Amane by surprise.</p>
<p><a id="page-26"></a>“What the heck?”</p>
<p>“…You know, I hate that about you, Amane.”</p>
<p>“Hate what? At least tell me what I did wrong.”</p>
<p>“What you said… That’s not the sort of thing that you can just say to a girl so casually, you know?”</p>
<p>“Well it’s not like I would say that sort of thing to anyone else…”</p>
<p>The only girls Amane knew were Mahiru and Chitose. And sure, Chitose was cute, but Amane found her more annoying than anything else, and there was no need for him to praise her to her face anyway. So who else would he even talk to like that?</p>
<p>Amane could see that Mahiru was feeling defensive. He watched her reactions carefully as he continued. “Besides, you must be used to people saying those kinds of things about you, right?” He shrugged. “Why should it bother you now?”</p>
<p>After all, he had told Mahiru many times that he thought she was cute. It didn’t seem like the kind of thing that would suddenly become a sticking point. She knew how beautiful she was.</p>
<p><em>She can’t be</em> that <em>embarrassed just because of a little compliment.</em></p>
<p>That’s what Amane thought, but for some reason, Mahiru was still wearing a sour face.</p>
<p>“Seriously, what’s the matter?”</p>
<p>“…It’s nothing.”</p>
<p>She landed one final attack by whacking him again with the cushion, then Mahiru turned away sharply and said “I’m going to go make mochi soup” before putting on her apron and heading for the kitchen.</p>
<p>Amane couldn’t do anything but squeeze the cushion and stare at Mahiru’s back as she abruptly stalked out of the room.</p>
<p class="space-break">By the time they finished eating the mochi soup, Mahiru was back to her usual self. The start of the meal had been rather uncomfortable, <a id="page-27"></a>but both the soup and the assorted <em>osechi</em> dishes were so delicious that Amane had quickly forgotten everything else, and before he realized it, Mahiru’s spirits had recovered.</p>
<p>As they moved from the table back to sitting together on the sofa, Amane asked, “By the way, are you planning to go for a shrine visit to start off the New Year, Mahiru?”</p>
<p>“Shrine visit? I wasn’t really planning to go… I don’t like crowds, you know. People always stare at me.”</p>
<p>“That’s because you’re…”</p>
<p>He had been about to say “…because you’re so beautiful,” but the mood had only just recovered after his earlier faux pas, so he swallowed the words and only said “Well, I guess there’s not a ton you can do about that” instead.</p>
<p>“Are you going to go to one, Amane?”</p>
<p>“I always went with my parents when I was back home, but I was just wondering whether I should go. I was thinking that it might be best to pass, at least on New Year’s Day.”</p>
<p>“Agreed.”</p>
<p>“Chitose and Itsuki are having a cozy time at her place, so they’re not around, and kids these days don’t make a big deal out of the first shrine visit of the year anyway, you know? I think we can put it off.”</p>
<p>Compared to the old days…for young people, especially those in their teens and twenties, first-day-of-the-year shrine visits were getting less and less popular. Amane and Mahiru wouldn’t be especially strange for skipping out.</p>
<p>It wasn’t exactly that he didn’t want to go, but he knew that there would be too many people to be able to move comfortably and that the experience would just end up being exhausting, so he was thinking it would probably be better to go after the crowds thinned out a bit.</p>
<p>“Besides,” Amane continued, “I want to spend the first three days <a id="page-28"></a>of the New Year relaxing. I don’t really care about holiday bargains or anything, either.”</p>
<p>“Actually, I am sort of interested in the special blind bags some stores have,” Mahiru mentioned.</p>
<p>“Are you going to a shopping mall or somewhere?”</p>
<p>She shook her head. “…I’m not brave enough to charge into those crowds.”</p>
<p>“Agreed.”</p>
<p>Amane replied in the same way Mahiru had a moment ago and leaned back into the sofa.</p>
<p>There was definitely no need to go anywhere just because it was New Year’s Day.</p>
<p>Amane was perfectly content taking it easy at home. He preferred to avoid stressful situations, after all. And since they’d be spending the holiday together, he certainly wouldn’t want for food or conversation.</p>
<p>Thinking to himself what a luxurious New Year’s holiday this was turning out to be, Amane stole a glance at Mahiru sitting beside him as a small smile crept onto his face.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>