<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 2</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:01c62081-7f97-44e9-9557-e06763e048ac" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter029">
<p><a id="page-216"></a>Mahiru smiled in a way that only made her look forlorn. She didn’t seem upset. Just sad, like she had come to terms with her loneliness a long time ago. Seeing her like that put an acrid taste in Amane’s mouth.</p>
<p>“Entrance ceremonies…and graduations, too, actually. I was alone for all of them. Miss Koyuki, the maid, didn’t start her shift until the afternoon, and my parents always had more important things to do. My father would usually at least stop by to say congratulations or something, but…”</p>
<p>Mahiru’s smile was small and bitter, and she looked up at the blossoming cherry trees. “When everyone else was holding hands with their parents under the cherry trees, I would walk home alone. And nobody was waiting for me…” Mahiru hung her head. “So you see, I don’t really like spring very much. It reminds me that I don’t have anyone. That probably sounds beyond pitiful…”</p>
<p>When Mahiru had finished, Amane couldn’t help giving her hand a little squeeze. He wanted to remind her that he was still there.</p>
<p>There were many things that he would have liked to say to Mahiru’s parents, but right now he wanted to make sure she knew that she was not alone.</p>
<p>“Well I’m here with you right now. I’m even holding your hand.”</p>
<p>He stared into Mahiru’s caramel-colored eyes.</p>
<p>She blinked dramatically, and her face twisted into a smile. “I suppose you are…,” she murmured as she squeezed his hand a little tighter.</p>
<p>Amane gave her a reassuring smile, and with his other hand, he reached out and stroked Mahiru’s hair.</p>
<p>“And hey, if that’s not enough, I can always call Itsuki and Chitose. And my parents live pretty far away, but I’m sure if I called them, they would definitely come running…”</p>
<p>“I-it’s fine. You don’t need to do all that.”</p>
<p><a id="page-217"></a>“No? All right then. Sounds like you’ll just have to settle for me.”</p>
<p>“…I’m not settling.”</p>
<p>“Oh. Sorry, I—”</p>
<p>“No, that’s not what I meant… I was trying to say that it’s not settling, being with you.”</p>
<p>“O-oh?”</p>
<p>Amane could feel a familiar heat rushing to his cheeks. He still maintained the pretense that he had no amorous intentions toward Mahiru, but hearing her tell him that she wanted him to be with her, holding her hand… It filled his stomach with butterflies.</p>
<p>Mahiru’s expression softened into a small smile as she squeezed his hand and gazed bashfully at the falling petals. “…I think I’m starting to like the cherry blossoms, just a little bit.”</p>
<p>Amane gently wrapped her small hand up in his.</p>
<p>“Is that so?”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>