<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 2</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:01c62081-7f97-44e9-9557-e06763e048ac" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter009">
<p><a id="page-54"></a>“…It’s obviously so we don’t lose sight of each other. Plus, it’s easy for her to trip, wearing a kimono.”</p>
<p>“He’s right. It’s difficult to walk in a kimono, and he’s doing the right thing by escorting her. I do the same thing for you, Shihoko dear,” Amane’s father agreed. In a single smooth motion, he grasped his wife’s hand.</p>
<p>Amane’s life would be easier if he were able to take a girl’s hand as smoothly as his father could, but he knew it was impossible given his personality, so he was secretly grateful that Mahiru had been frank about taking his hand instead.</p>
<p>Feeling relieved that his mother’s attention was occupied, Amane tried to gently let go of Mahiru’s hand, but she wouldn’t relax her grip.</p>
<p>He could tell from the way she squeezed that she had no intention of separating, so he quietly asked her what was wrong, but there was no answer. Her delicate fingers simply held tightly to his.</p>
<p>“Mahiru, Mahiru sweetie, we were thinking of going to buy some hot drinks. Would you like sweet red bean soup—or sweet sake?”</p>
<p>“Oh, I’ll take red bean soup, please.”</p>
<p>His mother’s interruption spoiled any hope of asking Mahiru further questions or of getting his hand back.</p>
<p>“How about you, Amane dear?”</p>
<p>“…All right, I’ll have sweet sake.”</p>
<p>“Coming right up.”</p>
<p><em>As long as Mahiru doesn’t hate this, I guess it’s fine, right?</em></p>
<p>Amane tried to calm the fluttering in his chest as he adjusted his hand in hers.</p>
<p class="space-break">Before long, Shihoko returned from the concessions stand and handed everyone their drinks. At this point, it would have been incredibly awkward for them to continue holding hands, so Mahiru let go, and Amane got the chance to catch his breath.</p>
<p><a id="page-55"></a>His parents were smiling at each other gently as they enjoyed their sweet sake.</p>
<p>They weren’t quite off in their own world, but they were getting flirty, so Amane had no desire to speak to them at the moment and instead focused on drinking his own sweet sake.</p>
<p>Sweet sake like this was said to be so nutritious it was like having an IV drip, and as the rich sweetness of the fermented rice spread through him, he unintentionally let out a sigh that was a mix of astonishment and relief.</p>
<p>Amane didn’t usually care much for sweets, though he did rather like red bean paste, so he had also been tempted to choose the red bean soup. However, he had gone with the sake because it felt more appropriate for New Year’s, and he was confident that it had been the right choice.</p>
<p>When he glanced over at Mahiru, he saw her sipping her sweet red bean soup from a paper cup with a calm expression. She made it look absolutely delicious, and suddenly he regretted his decision.</p>
<p><em>I wonder if I can get her to give me a sip?</em></p>
<p>He was gazing at her and wondering if he could get some if he asked, when Mahiru noticed him looking and tilted her head quizzically. Her hair decoration swayed rhythmically with her graceful movements.</p>
<p>“Is the sweet red bean soup any good?” Amane asked.</p>
<p>“It’s delicious,” she said, nodding.</p>
<p>“Could I try some?”</p>
<p>Mahiru looked startled by his question. It was almost comical how quickly she straightened up.</p>
<p>“Ah, s-sure you can, but…”</p>
<p>She couldn’t hide how flustered she was, glancing up at him timidly.</p>
<p>“If you don’t want me to, it’s fine…”</p>
<p><a id="page-56"></a>“It’s…it’s not that I don’t want you to, but…well—”</p>
<p>“Well?”</p>
<p>“N-no, nothing, it’s fine. Here. Could I have some of your sake, too?”</p>
<p>“S-sure.”</p>
<p>Mahiru quickly seized his cup. She seemed suddenly very agitated for some reason. Amane accepted her cup of red bean soup.</p>
<p>In it was a thick liquid that was certainly bean-colored.</p>
<p>When he brought the cup to his lips, the unique fragrance of sweet red beans wafted gently over him and filled his nose as a rich flavor spread over his tongue. Amane didn’t have much of a sweet tooth, so even the slight sweetness of the bean soup seemed strong to him.</p>
<p>It was delicious and vividly brought to mind thoughts of how well sweet red bean paste paired with bitter green tea.</p>
<p>Since Mahiru seemed to have a thing for sweets, he thought this soup was probably just perfect for her tastes.</p>
<p>When he glanced over at Mahiru, perhaps because she had sipped the sweet sake, her cheeks were slightly flushed. She looked almost anxious.</p>
<p>“You don’t like it?”</p>
<p>“That’s not it… Amane, you made such a big deal out of sharing a piece of cake. Why doesn’t this bother you?”</p>
<p>“…Ah.”</p>
<p>That was when he realized why Mahiru had reacted the way she did. Amane froze in place.</p>
<p><em>We’re not feeding each other, but I guess this is still an indirect kiss, huh?</em></p>
<p>His attention had been focused on the sweet red bean soup, and he had inadvertently suggested that they share an indirect kiss. He may not have realized it, but there could be no doubt that he had put <a id="page-57"></a>Mahiru on the spot. That must have been why she had acted the way she had.</p>
<p>“S-sorry. That was really thoughtless. I’m sure you hated it…”</p>
<p>“Wh-why are you always like that, Amane? I was just… I was embarrassed, okay? That was all.”</p>
<p>“I— I’ll be more careful in the future. Sorry.”</p>
<p>Whatever she might have been feeling, it was a fact that he had put her on the spot. Amane bowed his head slightly, and Mahiru waved her hand in front of her face frantically.</p>
<p>“R-really, I’m not worried about it!”</p>
<p>“Are you sure? Well, I’m sorry anyway. I shouldn’t treat you the same way as my other friends.”</p>
<p>Itsuki and Chitose were the type of people who didn’t care about that stuff and would take sips of Amane’s drinks and bites of his food and insist it was fine because they were friends.</p>
<p>Itsuki was the same sex as Amane, and Chitose was the opposite sex, but he had never looked at either of them with the slightest romantic interest, so it didn’t really feel like an indirect kiss when they shared food. He just got irritated when they stole his snacks.</p>
<p>But with Mahiru, it was obviously different. He was in the wrong for not realizing that sooner.</p>
<p>“Do Itsuki and Chitose usually do things like that?”</p>
<p>“Y-yeah, I mean, we’re friends, after all…”</p>
<p>“Is that so?”</p>
<p>Mahiru nodded, wearing a complex expression that could have been either comprehension or consternation. Then she lowered her gaze back down to the sweet sake and raised the cup to her lips again.</p>
<p>“…I suppose, Amane, that you and I are friends, too, so it’s fine.”</p>
<p>“Y-yeah…but you drank it all, didn’t you?”</p>
<p>Mahiru’s cheeks flushed even though there was no alcohol in the drink. “Th-there wasn’t much left!” She turned away sharply.</p>
<p><a id="page-58"></a>In retaliation, Amane gulped down what was left of Mahiru’s sweet red bean soup. He’d expected it to have gotten cold, but it was somehow still hot and seemed even sweeter than before.</p>
<p class="space-break">“Mahiru dear, you’re such a good cook!”</p>
<p>By the time they made it back from the shrine visit, it was already evening. Mahiru had changed clothes and begun her usual dinner preparations, but…Amane’s mother Shihoko was also in the kitchen, ostensibly to observe Mahiru’s culinary skills.</p>
<p>His parents had decided to spend the night. Their house was several hours away by car, and they were tired. It sounded like they had been intending to stay over from the outset. Amane wished that they’d asked the guy living there first, but his father technically owned the apartment, so he knew he had no right to complain.</p>
<p>Luckily, he had an extra futon set just in case he ever had anyone over, so he figured they could share it. They slept in the same bed at home, so it wouldn’t be that different.</p>
<p>“Thank you very much,” Mahiru said graciously.</p>
<p>“Really, you’re very good for a high school girl. When I was your age, there’s no way I could have done all this.”</p>
<p>“Your cooking’s no match for Mahiru’s now, Mom.”</p>
<p>“Did you say something, dear?”</p>
<p>“Not a thing.”</p>
<p>A low-pitched voice had come flying out of the kitchen at him, so Amane feigned innocence and huddled against the sofa. His father was relaxing on the couch next to him and chided, “Now, Amane, don’t pick on your mother.”</p>
<p>But she was always picking on him, so he felt like this was a fair turnabout.</p>
<p>Amane could hear his mother chatting with Mahiru in a cheerful voice.</p>
<p><a id="page-59"></a>Mahiru calmly kept up with her, unfazed by her intense energy and attention. She seemed to be getting used to the high-strung woman.</p>
<p>Watching from afar, Amane gazed at the two of them preparing dinner and apparently getting along well, and he let out a quiet sigh of relief.</p>
<p>“Your mother seems to have taken quite a liking to Miss Shiina, hasn’t she?”</p>
<p>Amane’s father was gazing at the two of them in the same way, and he looked pleased.</p>
<p>“Well, she’s beautiful and sweet and has a nice personality, so I’m not surprised that Mom likes her.”</p>
<p>“How about you, Amane?”</p>
<p>“…Oh, I mean, I think she’s a nice person, and I think she’s cute.”</p>
<p>“I see.”</p>
<p>It seemed like a casual question, but Amane’s father wasn’t the type of person to pry too much, so he had probably asked out of genuine curiosity. He didn’t press Amane on his answer any further.</p>
<p>“I’m looking forward to trying this food that you enjoy every day, Amane.”</p>
<p>“I can vouch for the taste. If Mom doesn’t meddle too much, that is.”</p>
<p>“You don’t need to worry. Shihoko was the one who wanted to eat Miss Shiina’s cooking, so I’m sure the most she’ll do is help out a little.”</p>
<p>“That’s good, if it’s true.”</p>
<p>His mother wasn’t a bad cook, but most of her dishes featured big, bold flavors, in contrast to Mahiru’s subtle seasonings. Delicate flavors were his father’s specialty while his mother favored quantity and ease of preparation.</p>
<p>Of course, that was important for a housewife who had a growing <a id="page-60"></a>boy’s appetite to satisfy, but Amane actually preferred the carefully calibrated flavors of the dishes Mahiru made. He shuddered to think of anyone meddling with Mahiru’s exquisite seasonings.</p>
<p>Thankfully, his mother seemed to be constraining herself to being Mahiru’s assistant like his father said, so he breathed a sigh of relief and continued watching the two of them cook.</p>
<p class="space-break">“Oh yes, this is very good,” Amane’s father said.</p>
<p>There was no way that the four of them would have fit around Amane’s two-person dining table, so he had pulled out the large folding desk that had been shut away in the storage room to use for dinner.</p>
<p>“Thank you very much.” Mahiru looked relieved at Shuuto’s frank assessment, and she visibly relaxed a little.</p>
<p>Apparently, she had never let anyone other than Amane eat her home cooking, outside of home-ec class in school, of course, and had been somewhat nervous about it…but at last that stiffness melted away once she saw Shuuto’s gentle smile.</p>
<p>“It’s really delicious,” Amane’s mother added. “If she can cook like this, she won’t have any trouble living alone—or getting married.”</p>
<p>Shihoko muttered quietly to herself while looking at Amane. He could feel his cheek about to twitch but forcibly maintained a neutral expression and sipped his miso soup.</p>
<p>The rich, dashi-infused flavor was now very familiar to him. He had really gotten used to the way Mahiru prepared her dishes and, after eating her cooking every day, had practically lost all desire to eat anything else.</p>
<p>“Amane, what do you think?” his mother asked.</p>
<p>“It’s delicious, of course. Thanks for always cooking, Mahiru.”</p>
<p>He had been planning to say as much anyway. But now that his mother had prompted him, it probably sounded like he didn’t really <a id="page-61"></a>mean it. Amane had never forgotten to tell Mahiru that her cooking was delicious every day when they ate together, but since his parents were here, he had been holding back. And that had obviously been the wrong decision.</p>
<p>His gratitude was no different now, but for some reason, Mahiru was restless, fidgeting uncomfortably. “…Sure,” she answered in a quiet voice. Her cheeks were flushed slightly.</p>
<p>It was probably because his parents were there. There could be no doubt that Mahiru was feeling bashful, even if only a little. She was used to hearing Amane’s appraisals of her cooking, but now three people had complimented her.</p>
<p>“You’re awfully cute, Mahiru.”</p>
<p>“Shihoko, don’t tease.”</p>
<p>“That’s not what I meant! I was just thinking that she’s a good, upstanding girl, which is so hard to find these days.”</p>
<p>“Th-that’s… It’s not really…”</p>
<p>“Yeah, I can agree with that. Mahiru’s like, really pure, you could say.”</p>
<p>“Amane?!”</p>
<p>Mahiru was definitely a little naive. Her face had gone bright red once just from seeing a guy—a not particularly attractive guy—with the front of his shirt open.</p>
<p>“My, my, did something happen between you two while we weren’t looking?”</p>
<p>“Nope.”</p>
<p>“Nothing happened.”</p>
<p>The denial practically leaped from Mahiru’s mouth.</p>
<p>Being innocent or naive wasn’t the worst thing in the world, but Mahiru seemed to hate being called those things. Amane had no plans to say anything further.</p>
<p>“Well, I think that they should do just as they please, as long as <a id="page-62"></a>Amane isn’t hurting Miss Shiina, that is,” Amane’s father said. “Just don’t tease her too much, Amane.”</p>
<p>“I know that much.”</p>
<p>“…Well, weren’t you just teasing her?”</p>
<p>“Hey, it was an accurate description—”</p>
<p>Amane felt something strike his thigh below the table. Mahiru’s face was bright red, and she was glaring in his direction.</p>
<p>“Sorry, sorry,” he said.</p>
<p>A sullen expression crossed her handsome features. But that only made her look even more adorable, and Amane couldn’t help but grin. He only hoped that Mahiru wouldn’t stay mad at him for long.</p>
<p>“…You know, I can’t help but feel a bit like we’re looking in the mirror. What do you think, Shihoko darling?”</p>
<p>“I think that’s just fine, Shuuto dear. Why, even our Amane is wearing an uncharacteristically gentle expression.”</p>
<p>“What are you guys talking about over there?”</p>
<p>“Not a thing, dear!”</p>
<p>Amane could have sworn that he heard some low, conspiratorial whispers from across the table, but his parents maintained expressions of perfect innocence.</p>
<p class="space-break">“Sorry you had to make enough for my parents, too.”</p>
<p>After they had finished dinner and chatted pleasantly for another couple of hours, it was finally time to break up the party.</p>
<p>Of course, since Amane’s parents would be sleeping in his living room, Mahiru was the only one going home.</p>
<p>Amane had sent his parents to bathe, so he was the only one who stepped outside to see Mahiru off.</p>
<p>There was no need for him to do so, but he wanted the chance to apologize for his mother and father, just in case.</p>
<p>“No, it’s all right. This was fun.”</p>
<p><a id="page-63"></a>“It was?”</p>
<p>He was glad that she didn’t appear upset.</p>
<p>If anything, she seemed like she had enjoyed herself.</p>
<p>“Besides—”</p>
<p>“Yeah?”</p>
<p>“…I got a small taste of happiness, so—”</p>
<p>Mahiru’s thin voice was almost like a sigh. She smiled but also looked very lonely all of a sudden. It was a fleeting smile, one that seemed like it could be carried away by the breeze. Amane was starting to piece together a picture of her situation at home, so he thought he recognized the faint look of yearning in her eyes.</p>
<p>Somehow, he couldn’t leave it alone, and Amane put his palm on her head and stroked her hair.</p>
<p>Mahiru looked up at Amane in surprise, but she didn’t seem to hate it.</p>
<p>“Wh-what are you doing?”</p>
<p>“Nothing.”</p>
<p>“It’s not nothing… My hair’s all messed up.”</p>
<p>“You’re getting in the bath anyway, right?”</p>
<p>“I am, but—”</p>
<p>“…Did you hate it?”</p>
<p>“I—I didn’t hate it, but…you could at least say something first.”</p>
<p>“…Here we go.”</p>
<p>“That’s saying something <em>after</em>.”</p>
<p><em>So it’s okay to touch you as long as I tell you first?</em> Amane thought, but he knew better than to say it out loud.</p>
<p>“Sorry.”</p>
<p>Mahiru let out a small sigh.</p>
<p>“Geez… I’m fine with it, but it’s really not appropriate to rub a girl’s head so casually.”</p>
<p>“But I don’t do it to anyone else…”</p>
<p><a id="page-64"></a>Amane understood that the only time it was okay to touch a person of the opposite sex was when you had a close relationship. He wasn’t the kind of guy who would go around casually rubbing up against girls or anything. The closest he came to that was smacking Chitose whenever she made a terrible joke.</p>
<p>Amane had thought that maybe he and Mahiru had gotten close enough, so he had tentatively touched her, hoping she wouldn’t hate it, but the thought wouldn’t have even occurred to him if it was anyone else.</p>
<p>Mahiru had fallen quiet, but she hadn’t shaken off his hand.</p>
<p>“…I’m sure you can see it,” she said, “but you’re the spitting image of your father, Amane. It’s obvious to me, even though I’ve only known him a short while.”</p>
<p>“In what sense? I really don’t think I resemble him that much, either physically or with my personality.”</p>
<p>“…You’re <em>exactly</em> like him. Truly.”</p>
<p>Mahiru sighed more heavily this time, and Amane rubbed her head again. She still didn’t seem to be against it.</p>
<p><em>…Do I really resemble him that much?</em></p>
<p>Sure, they had once or twice been mistaken for brothers far apart in age, but Amane felt like he had a completely different energy from his father. Their personalities, too, while not exact opposites, nevertheless were quite different.</p>
<p>What could she have meant by saying that he was just like his father, despite such clear differences?</p>
<p>Any number of doubts welled up in Amane’s mind, but Mahiru must not have intended to say anything further. Her eyes narrowed a bit, and she left the matter alone.</p>
<p>After stroking her hair a bit more, Amane pulled back, and Mahiru seemed to suddenly snap back to her senses. She peered up at Amane, slightly flustered.</p>
<p><a id="page-65"></a>“What, you wanted me to keep going?” he asked teasingly.</p>
<p>Mahiru flushed red again. “Please don’t mock me,” she said quietly, so he decided to call it a day.</p>
<p>Apparently, she was in a bad mood now, for she made no attempt to hide the displeasure on her face as she opened the door to her own apartment and slipped inside.</p>
<p>For a brief moment, Amane regretted his actions, wondering if he had overdone it a little, when Mahiru cracked her door open and peeked out at him.</p>
<p>“Amane.”</p>
<p>Her cheeks were still pink, and her voice sounded peevish but with a slight fawning tone to it somehow.</p>
<p>“What?”</p>
<p>“…You’re a dummy.”</p>
<p>Just as suddenly, Mahiru shut the door.</p>
<p><em>…Well, that makes two of us, I guess.</em></p>
<p>Wasn’t it Mahiru’s fault that his heart was suddenly leaping in his chest?</p>
<p>Amane sighed quietly, then leaned against the wall of the unheated corridor, trying to let the sudden burning in his chest cool a bit. That was the moment he noticed he could see his breath in the frosty air.</p>
<p class="space-break">A short while after Amane had said goodnight to Mahiru and returned to his apartment, his parents finished their bath. When Amane looked up from the TV toward the sound of approaching slippers, he saw them standing there in their nightclothes, casually holding hands.</p>
<p><em>Well, I guess that comes naturally if you’ve already taken a bath together.</em></p>
<p>“We’ve had our bath, Amane. It’s your turn.”</p>
<p><a id="page-66"></a>“Sure… Wait, how did you two manage to both fit in my tub? It’s only big enough for one.”</p>
<p>For someone living alone, this was quite a spacious, well-designed apartment, but that didn’t mean the bathtub was especially large. It certainly wasn’t big enough for a full-grown man and woman to sit together comfortably.</p>
<p>“Oh no, it’s fine! There’s no problem if you get in close together. Right, Shuuto dear?”</p>
<p>His mother smiled and drew closer to her husband, and his father nodded in agreement with a gentle smile. They had already been married for nearly twenty years, but the two of them still acted like newlyweds. Amane could do nothing but smile bitterly.</p>
<p>“As loving as always, I see.”</p>
<p>“Are you jealous?”</p>
<p>“Not really. I can relax better in the bath alone anyway.”</p>
<p>“What about Mahiru…?”</p>
<p>“All right, listen up. Nothing is going on with her.”</p>
<p>He didn’t understand why his mother wanted so badly to hook him up with Mahiru.</p>
<p>Well, it wasn’t a total mystery, since she’d been joking about wanting Mahiru for a daughter-in-law since the day they’d met, but Amane was certain his mother had mistaken the trust that Mahiru had in Amane for romantic affection.</p>
<p>“Is that so?”</p>
<p>“Now, now, Shihoko. Amane’s at a delicate age, so let’s be considerate.”</p>
<p>“But I’m being serious…”</p>
<p>“Whatever you say, Mom.”</p>
<p>Amane paid his mother’s words no mind as he stood up to get ready for his bath, but he stopped when his father called his name.</p>
<p>“Amane.” He used a serious tone, not the voice he used to chide his <a id="page-67"></a>wife or the one that he had when he smiled. When Amane looked at him, wondering what was the matter, he was met with a soft but firm gaze.</p>
<p>“Amane, are you glad you moved here?”</p>
<p>Though he was caught by surprise, after a moment Amane quickly met his father’s steady gaze with an easy smile.</p>
<p>“…Yeah, I am. Life got easier.”</p>
<p>Surely his parents must have been worried about him. Worried enough to frequently come check on how he was doing and worried enough to try to see him at every opportunity.</p>
<p>All of it had been in order to make sure that Amane was living comfortably.</p>
<p>“Is that so? I’m glad.”</p>
<p>“You don’t need to worry; there’s someone here who I can really rely on.”</p>
<p><em>Unlike before—</em></p>
<p>He swallowed those words and kept his answer simple and clean.</p>
<p>His mother smiled brightly. “Oh, you must mean little Itsuki! I’ve never met him in person, so I wanted to go say hello, since we came all this way.”</p>
<p>“Give it a rest, please; you’re going to start something weird.”</p>
<p>“It’s not weird at all. I’ll tell him how cute you were when you were little, and…”</p>
<p>“See, that’s exactly what I’m talking about. Seriously, just stop…”</p>
<p>If this spilled over to Itsuki, then it was certain to reach Chitose as well. That was the one thing Amane wanted to avoid no matter what. He did not want to deal with her endless teasing or put up with her badgering him for old photos from his past.</p>
<p>Amane had looked remarkably like a cute little girl when he was small, and it didn’t help that his mother sometimes even dressed him up in girls’ clothes. If photographic evidence of <em>that</em> got out, his life would be nothing but suffering.</p>
<p><a id="page-68"></a>“But I can’t help wanting to say hello, can I? He’s such good friends with you, Amane.”</p>
<p>“That’s true, but—”</p>
<p>“I bet he’s a really good boy, isn’t he? He’s got the Amane seal of approval, after all.”</p>
<p>“…He’s a good guy. So good that he’s wasted on me.”</p>
<p>It wasn’t something he would ever say to Itsuki’s face, but Amane always appreciated his friend who once took the initiative to call out in a friendly voice to a very gloomy boy who never interacted with anyone and just sat quietly on the side of the classroom listening to music.</p>
<p>“I’m going to take a bath.”</p>
<p>He felt embarrassed after openly praising Itsuki, even though he wasn’t there, and to disguise his discomfort, he quickly headed for his bedroom to retrieve a change of clothes.</p>
<p>He could hear a small chuckle behind his back, compelling Amane to escape to his room, scowling and muttering the whole way.</p>
<p class="space-break">The following morning, when Amane went out into the living room after waking up and dressing, he found his parents already up and food on the table.</p>
<p>“Good morning. Breakfast is ready, so have a seat.”</p>
<p>Amane sat down at the table, smiling slightly at his father, who called to him from the kitchen, wearing Amane’s apron, which had been draped over a chair.</p>
<p>He had only just arrived in this apartment and had already made himself comfortable in an unfamiliar kitchen, probably because he was so used to doing the cooking. At home, Amane’s parents took turns preparing meals, so Amane was also used to seeing his father in an apron, and there was nothing unusual about it.</p>
<p>Amane’s mother was already waiting impatiently at the table. She <a id="page-69"></a>probably wanted to help, but his father had likely insisted that she leave it to him.</p>
<p>Amane also considered helping and got as far as standing up from his seat only to see his father bring out steaming hot rice and miso soup on a tray, immediately taking the wind out of Amane’s sails.</p>
<p>“Thanks, Dad.”</p>
<p>“Don’t mention it. Anyway, Miss Shiina was kind enough to pack yesterday’s leftovers into containers, so I just heated that up, cooked some rice, then made miso soup and rolled omelets.”</p>
<p><em>Eat a proper breakfast</em> was practically a motto in the Fujimiya household, so they never skipped their morning meal.</p>
<p>Amane’s father had happily incorporated the leftovers into the menu, but if they hadn’t had them, there was little doubt he would have whipped up something.</p>
<p>With a smile, Shuuto placed the rice and miso soup in front of each of them.</p>
<p>Amane’s attention was drawn to his father’s rolled omelets, which he hadn’t tasted in a while, and before he knew it, the table was set, and his father had taken his own seat.</p>
<p>“All right, let’s get to it, shall we?”</p>
<p>“Certainly. Thank you, dear.”</p>
<p>“Thanks for the meal.”</p>
<p>Everyone expressed their gratitude, and then Amane reached with his chopsticks for the rolled omelets in front of him.</p>
<p>This was the first time Amane had eaten his father’s cooking since he went home for summer break, so he was looking forward to the nostalgia of it as he took his first bite and slowly chewed.</p>
<p>The flavor of the dashi, the hint of sweetness, the slightly undercooked egg—it tasted like home—yet at the same time, Amane found something slightly lacking.</p>
<p>“Is something the matter?”</p>
<p><a id="page-70"></a>His father seemed to have noticed Amane chewing with a serious expression and sounded concerned.</p>
<p>“Mm…no, it’s nothing.”</p>
<p>“Did I maybe mess up the seasonings?”</p>
<p>“N-no, that’s not it; it’s good, but…I was just thinking that the flavor is different from the way that Mahiru always makes omelets.”</p>
<p>“Ah, so that’s it.”</p>
<p>He hadn’t eaten his father’s cooking for almost half a year, so even though it should have been familiar, he was actually more accustomed to Mahiru’s cooking after eating it every day. Even Amane was surprised.</p>
<p>Of course, that wasn’t to say that his father’s cooking was bad or anything, just that Mahiru’s seasonings were more to Amane’s tastes. But even so, he felt somewhat self-conscious about the fact that his tongue had adapted so well to Mahiru’s cooking, when he had only met her a few months earlier.</p>
<p>“You’ve really fallen for Miss Shiina, haven’t you?” his father asked.</p>
<p>“For her cooking, yeah.”</p>
<p>“Hey, now,” his mother crowed. “Are you saying you’re not interested in Mahiru herself, then?”</p>
<p>“No one is saying that, and I do not intend to fall for such a leading question.”</p>
<p>Amane was not about to let his mother steer the conversation in that direction again.</p>
<p>Shihoko frowned—obviously, her aim had been exactly as Amane expected. Amane snorted through his nose and refused to take the bait.</p>
<p class="space-break">His parents departed before lunch.</p>
<p>Both of them apparently had work the next day, so Amane had suggested that it would be hard on them if they didn’t get home early <a id="page-71"></a>and rest. They had a long drive ahead of them, which would of course be exhausting, so it was better if they hurried up and got going.</p>
<p>“But I wanted to talk more with my dear Mahiru and meet Itsuki…,” his mother muttered quietly after stepping out the door into the building’s hallway.</p>
<p>“Then do that stuff next time… Besides, you’ll have to make an appointment to see Itsuki. He doesn’t have a lot of free time.”</p>
<p>“All right, you set it up for me then, Amane.”</p>
<p>“If I feel like it.”</p>
<p>It was obvious to everyone that Amane had no intention of doing anything of the sort. His mother grew sullen, but Amane’s father soothed her—and more or less restored her good spirits.</p>
<p>As Amane was watching his parents, the door to the next-door apartment quietly creaked open. From the narrow crack, he could see a flash of golden hair and Mahiru’s face peeking out.</p>
<p>She must have come out because she had heard his mother talking. For better or worse, his mother’s voice traveled quite well.</p>
<p>“Oh, perfect, I was just thinking about coming to say good-bye!”</p>
<p>Both of Amane’s parents noticed Mahiru and moved over to stand in front of her apartment as she slipped on a pair of shoes and stepped out into the hallway. Amane’s mother was wearing a big smile and seemed determined to get as close to Mahiru as possible. Mahiru shrunk back but didn’t retreat entirely.</p>
<p>“Are you two leaving already?”</p>
<p>“I wish we weren’t. Really, we’d like to stay another day or two, but we have work.”</p>
<p>“Things would be different if we had come up a little bit earlier, but…this is all the time we have.”</p>
<p>Mahiru smiled placidly at Amane’s parents.</p>
<p>“Well, there’s always next time,” his mother said. “Although, next time it’s Amane’s turn to come to us.”</p>
<p><a id="page-72"></a>“Yeah, yeah. I’ll be home for summer vacation.”</p>
<p>Amane could feel his mother’s gaze bearing down on him. He knew right away she was hoping that he would bring Mahiru along with him.</p>
<p>Still, he couldn’t help but wonder if that might be a good idea. She apparently spent her school breaks alone, after all. <em>Maybe she wouldn’t be so opposed to the idea</em>, he thought idly.</p>
<p>“You really have no charm at all, Amane,” his mother said. “Isn’t that right, Mahiru?”</p>
<p>“Uh, I… I’m not sure how to—”</p>
<p>“Come now, Shihoko, don’t put her on the spot,” Amane’s father chided. “…Though, it’s true that Amane has gotten less up front about various things as he’s gotten older, hasn’t he?”</p>
<p>Amane had no allies here, so he silently pretended to ignore his parents. Shuuto turned to Mahiru with a gentle smile that was different than Shihoko’s.</p>
<p>“As you can see, our Amane has a hard time expressing his feelings, but if you look closely, you can tell that he’s a kindhearted young man. I would be very happy if you would continue to be a good friend to him.”</p>
<p>“Ugh, I’m right here, you know. This is so embarrassing…”</p>
<p>His father had praised him, but Amane felt more like he had been goaded by an enemy than supported by an ally.</p>
<p>He certainly didn’t think of himself as a particularly kindhearted person. He just showed the people close to him the respect and affection he thought they deserved. It felt wrong to have that confused with kindness.</p>
<p>Awkwardly trying to find anywhere else to look, Amane glanced over at Mahiru and saw her blink quickly and smile.</p>
<p>“…I’ve always thought that Amane is an honest and kind person. So much so that I’m the one who should be asking for his continued friendship.”</p>
<p><a id="page-73"></a>“Well, that’s wonderful. That puts my mind at ease.”</p>
<p>Amane wanted to make a quip about his father’s mind being at ease, but he was so shaken by what Mahiru had said that he couldn’t think of anything. It was so embarrassing to hear her describe him that way. He couldn’t even look at her.</p>
<p>His mother laughed as she watched him squirm, but Amane couldn’t even respond. He could only bite his lip in tortured silence.</p>
<p class="space-break">“You don’t really need to flatter me, you know.”</p>
<p>After Amane’s parents had finally departed, he spoke to Mahiru in a quiet voice as they stood alone in the hallway.</p>
<p>Amane had made that remark to relieve the awkward atmosphere somewhat, but for some reason, Mahiru raised her eyebrows and stared at him.</p>
<p>Her expression was calm, but there was a subtle edge to it that he found intimidating.</p>
<p>“Do I seem like the type to say empty words I don’t mean?”</p>
<p>“Well, you wouldn’t lie to me—but maybe in front of my parents?”</p>
<p>She seemed to object to him calling it flattery.</p>
<p>Mahiru huffed and then let out a sigh of exasperation.</p>
<p>“…Now see here, I trust you because I think you have a good heart, and I really do like spending time with you. I promise: I was not trying to flatter you.”</p>
<p>“O-oh…”</p>
<p>Amane felt the heat rushing to his face. Hearing her talk so candidly was terribly embarrassing. Fortunately, Mahiru did not seem to notice his unease, and he nodded meekly.</p>
<p>Mahiru seemed satisfied. “As long as you understand. Well, I suppose I’ll get started on lunch.”</p>
<p>Apparently, Mahiru was going to fix him lunch today, just as she had done every day of the New Year’s holiday. Feeling a mixture of <a id="page-74"></a>gratitude and shame, Amane looked down at Mahiru’s golden hair as she placed a hand on the door to his apartment.</p>
<p><em>Someone she can trust, huh…? That’s what I was gonna say.</em></p>
<p>Mahiru ignored the fact that Amane thought she was an angel. To her, he was an ordinary neighbor. But she trusted him. That was what he was most grateful for.</p>
<p>“I’m so glad I moved here.”</p>
<p>Mahiru must have heard his quiet mumbling, because she turned around and asked, “Did you say something?”</p>
<p>“No, nothing,” Amane said quickly, following her into his apartment.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>