<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 2</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:01c62081-7f97-44e9-9557-e06763e048ac" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter007">
<p>“All right, shall we get going?”</p>
<p>Shihoko was leading the way through the crowd, and she headed first for the ablution pavilion where they would purify their hands and mouths with water. As expected, Mahiru was already attracting attention from many people.</p>
<p>More than a few people were dressed in kimonos, so Mahiru didn’t stand out much for wearing one…but that wasn’t the issue.</p>
<p>She drew people’s eyes even in her school uniform, when she wasn’t dressed up at all. Now that she looked like an aristocratic beauty in traditional Japanese clothing, she obviously garnered a lot of attention. Even her motions as she cleaned her mouth were graceful. Practically everyone in the shrine was staring.</p>
<p>“…Is something the matter?”</p>
<p>“No, nothing.”</p>
<p>Though Amane was thinking it was all rather interesting, he didn’t say as much, and he cleansed his hands and mouth just as his parents had, then followed after them as they walked on ahead.</p>
<p>He was doing his best to match pace with Mahiru, but as expected for someone who didn’t ordinarily wear Japanese clothes, the long hem was giving her some difficulty, and the shrine was still quite crowded, so she was progressing much more slowly than usual.</p>
<p>“Mahiru, are you all right?”</p>
<p>“Yes, this is… Aaah!”</p>
<p>She was getting bumped around by the other shrine-goers, which kept knocking her off-balance and threatened to topple her outright, so Amane extended an arm to assist.</p>
<p>“You don’t seem to be all right.”</p>
<p>Of course she was uncomfortable walking around in a strange and complicated getup.</p>
<p><a id="page-51"></a>“…Sorry.”</p>
<p>“Here, give me your hand.”</p>
<p>Amane reached for one small hand that was peeking out of her kimono sleeve. Mahiru looked up at him, and he nearly pulled his hand back, but she quickly pressed her palm into his, keeping her eyes on him the whole time. He stared right back at her, though he was not entirely sure why.</p>
<p>Mahiru squeezed Amane’s hand tightly and looked away.</p>
<p>He tilted his head questioningly, and they followed the flow of the crowd for a moment, until they were about to arrive in front of the offertory box, so Amane tucked whatever small doubts he had away in his heart and focused on the sensation of her hand in his.</p>
<p class="space-break">“You were praying for a really long time; what did you ask for?”</p>
<p>Once they had finished their visit and moved a distance away from the file of worshippers, he posed this question to Mahiru, who had prayed at some length. She had looked like a model going through all the motions of a shrine visit. After ringing the bell, she had pressed her hands together for nearly twice as long as Amane. He had been captivated by how elegantly she had offered her prayers, but he also wondered what she had to pray for.</p>
<p>“Good health.”</p>
<p>“An incredibly safe choice.”</p>
<p>It was very typical of Mahiru.</p>
<p>She didn’t want for very much, so Amane had wondered what she might have asked for, but it was so predictable choice that her answer was kind of anticlimactic.</p>
<p>“That, and—”</p>
<p>“And?”</p>
<p>“…And to be able to keep spending peaceful days together, just like we have been.”</p>
<p><a id="page-52"></a>Another very typical petition.</p>
<p>It was just the sort of thing that Mahiru, who didn’t much care for excitement or change, would pray for. It was very fitting, as she prized peace and quiet.</p>
<p>“We won’t get much of that while my mom’s around, though.”</p>
<p>“That’s something we can enjoy for what it is.”</p>
<p><em>Is it, though…?</em></p>
<p>Amane wasn’t sure, but Mahiru seemed to be enjoying herself, so he didn’t argue and just took Mahiru’s hand with a gentle smile.</p>
<p>They hadn’t yet entirely extracted themselves from the crowd, and Amane was sure to find himself in trouble if he let Mahiru trip and fall now. He could see his parents waiting a short distance away, having already finished their own visit to the shrine. That was why Amane was holding her hand, he told himself. Mahiru’s eyelashes fluttered, and she kept her eyes cast downward, looking embarrassed, but she squeezed Amane’s hand back.</p>
<p>“You two, over here!”</p>
<p>His mother’s voice was bright and clear, easy to distinguish among the crowd.</p>
<p>Following her words, the two of them headed over to Amane’s parents. Shihoko’s eyes went wide when she saw them, then she pressed a hand over her smiling mouth.</p>
<p>“Oh my, my!”</p>
<p>“What?”</p>
<p>“You’re just holding hands so naturally.”</p>
<p>It wasn’t until she spelled it out that he realized what a mistake it was to hold Mahiru’s hand in front of his mother. This was the kind of thing that couples did, wasn’t it? He didn’t appreciate Shihoko’s suspicions and hated always being on the receiving end of her smirking grins.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>