<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 2</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:01c62081-7f97-44e9-9557-e06763e048ac" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter025">
<p>Mahiru’s cheeks were wet when she lifted her face, but she seemed to have recovered a little of her spirit, because when her eyes met Amane’s, her gaze did not waver.</p>
<p>“Well, you were leaning up against me, so I couldn’t really see much. I definitely didn’t see you crying or anything.”</p>
<p>Mahiru had slipped off the blanket and smiled gently.</p>
<p>“…Amane?”</p>
<p>“What is it?”</p>
<p>“…Thank you.”</p>
<p>“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Amane replied, looking in the other direction. He didn’t feel like he’d done anything worth thanking him for.</p>
<p>Mahiru buried her face in his chest again.</p>
<p>“Let me stay here a little bit longer, please.”</p>
<p>“…Sure.”</p>
<p>It wasn’t like he could push Mahiru aside when she was in this state even if he wanted to. Besides, he wanted to support her however he could. Calmly, he put his arm around her again and gently stroked her hair.</p>
<p><em>If nobody else will tell her how wonderful she is, I’ll do it myself</em>, Amane thought. He wanted her to feel like she didn’t have to try so hard anymore. Like she could relax, now that she was with him.</p>
<p>Mahiru must have calmed down somewhat. When she looked up at Amane, she didn’t seem so upset. But she didn’t look especially cheerful, either. She probably still had a lot on her mind.</p>
<p>“…I wonder what I should do now,” Mahiru mumbled quietly. She gave a troubled smile as she looked into Amane’s eyes.</p>
<p>“I can try my hardest all I want, but my parents won’t even look <a id="page-196"></a>at me. Even if other people heap on the praise, call me an angel and whatever else, that doesn’t mean a thing. Sure, the Mahiru Shiina that they all know, the angel, is idolized and popular, but…nobody cares about the real me. And the worst part is that it’s all my fault. I set myself up this way.” She smiled bitterly and grasped the fabric of Amane’s shirt tightly. “The real me is cowardly and selfish and dull, and…there’s just nothing there to like.”</p>
<p>“I like you a fair bit,” Amane answered without thinking. Mahiru looked surprised as he continued, “I mean, sure, you’re not a hundred percent perfect all the time, but I really do think you’re charming, and I always admire your honesty. You’re being too hard on yourself.” He reached out and tapped her lightly on the forehead. “Besides, if you were as selfish as you said, you wouldn’t care about what other people think.”</p>
<p>Mahiru looked stunned. But the sorrow had faded from her expression.</p>
<p>Amane just couldn’t understand why Mahiru was always putting herself down. Surely anyone could see for themselves that she was a hardworking person and a tenderhearted girl. She was honest but considerate, and though she had called herself cowardly, Amane knew that Mahiru had been hurt so much before that it made sense for her to assume a defensive posture by default.</p>
<p>And besides, if she really was so dull, why was Amane always agonizing over her?</p>
<p>He only wished she knew how much more charming she was when she was her honest self with him.</p>
<p>“Don’t put yourself down like that,” Amane said, gazing into Mahiru’s caramel-colored eyes. “After all, there’s someone right here who has seen the real you and adores you.”</p>
<p>Mahiru was convinced that nobody loved her. That must have been why she had no confidence. But Amane wasn’t the only person <a id="page-197"></a>who liked her—even Chitose had grown really attached to her. Mahiru was obviously wrong about herself.</p>
<p>She looked away from Amane, and her cheeks started to turn red as she pulled herself into a ball. Amane realized what he had said and began to blush as well.</p>
<p>“I—I mean, Chitose and everybody thinks so, too! So don’t get the wrong idea,” Amane explained frantically. “But anyway, it’s not just me. My parents, and Chitose and Itsuki, too—they all saw the parts of you that aren’t the angel you always pretend to be, and they all still like being around you! Honestly, you’re much more…well, I think your personality is much more likable than you think.”</p>
<p>Amane obviously hadn’t done a good job explaining himself. Mahiru’s face was still bright red. Amane had become pretty embarrassed himself—after all, he was the one saying all that stuff.</p>
<p>“So look, if you want to stop trying so hard because your parents are going hate you no matter what, then you’re welcome to escape to my house whenever you feel like it. If my folks know the situation, they’ll gladly take you in. You can think of it like time to recuperate.”</p>
<p>“…Mm.”</p>
<p>“My mom and dad have really taken a liking to you, so I think they would probably let you stay for a long time… Actually, they might not leave you alone until you cheer up. None of us can decide for you what you should do about your parents, but we can take care of you until you reach a decision and keep supporting you after.”</p>
<p>“Mm…”</p>
<p>Amane was trying his best not to come across the wrong way, but Mahiru started crying again.</p>
<p>“Wh-why are you crying?”</p>
<p>“I just…feel so lucky.”</p>
<p>“I dunno; you seem pretty much the opposite to me…”</p>
<p>Maybe Mahiru was blessed when it came to money, but aside <a id="page-198"></a>from that, nobody gave her anything. She hadn’t received one bit of the love she deserved. Honestly, it was a wonder she had grown up without becoming twisted and bitter.</p>
<p><em>Someone should take care of this Mahiru. And Mahiru should take care of herself, too. She should take back a little of what no one offered her</em>, he thought.</p>
<p>“…In that case, can I make some requests?”</p>
<p>“What will it be? I’ll do whatever I can.”</p>
<p>Mahiru smiled a little. “They’re things only you can do, Amane,” she murmured. “Like, look at me more.”</p>
<p>“I already can’t take my eyes off you,” he replied. “I’m in awe of everything you do.”</p>
<p>“Also, hold me more.”</p>
<p>He peered down at Mahiru, wondering if that was all.</p>
<p>“I’m already holding your hand.”</p>
<p>Mahiru stared at Amane for a moment, then looked bashful.</p>
<p>“For today, hold me with your whole body.”</p>
<p>As soon as she finished her sentence, she wrapped her arms around Amane’s neck and buried her face in his chest again. Amane was startled for a moment but knew that he mustn’t get any rude ideas. He swallowed deeply and once again embraced her delicate body.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>