<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 2</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:01c62081-7f97-44e9-9557-e06763e048ac" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter019">
<p>“Sure, sure.” Itsuki folded his arms and nodded knowingly. “I can tell from your reaction that it went over really well. She was definitely happy to get the gift, and she smiled at you really cute-like, right?”</p>
<p>“I mean—” Amane bit his lip.</p>
<p>“Look, man. You’re building a solid connection, right?”</p>
<p>Rather than teasing him, Itsuki was speaking earnestly and in a serious tone. Itsuki never intruded in certain areas that, as Amane’s best friend, he knew better than to touch. But aside from those topics, he had an uncanny knack for pointing out the truth, so much that it was sometimes uncomfortable. Amane had no recourse—Itsuki’s relationship was too well established to make good conversation material at this point, so changing the subject was near impossible.</p>
<p>Amane choked on his words, and Itsuki smiled at him calmly. The somewhat warm look in his eyes irritated Amane.</p>
<p>Seeing there was no use fighting back, Amane snatched a french fry and stubbornly looked away.</p>
<p>Itsuki smiled teasingly at his friend. “I’m happy for you, man. Finally, my little Amane is starting the springtime of his youth!”</p>
<p>“That’s not what’s happening.”</p>
<p>“But you don’t know for sure how she feels about it, right?”</p>
<p>“…Even so, I’m sure it’s not like that.”</p>
<p>Certainly, he knew from firsthand experience that Mahiru trusted him deeply. He wanted to be the person she trusted the most, in fact, and out of everyone she knew in school, he believed that she was the most honest with him.</p>
<p>But that didn’t mean they were in love or anything.</p>
<p>Sure, sometimes when they touched, it felt a little…intense. But that wasn’t uncommon with opposite-sex friendships. And okay, <a id="page-149"></a>Mahiru did do a lot for him, but he was sure that didn’t mean she had romantic feelings for him.</p>
<p>And yes, recently Amane had been spending a little more effort on his appearance. But he was still the same hopeless loser he’d always been. There was no way that a girl like Mahiru would fall for a guy like him.</p>
<p>“You know, Amane, you can be pretty pathetic sometimes. Seriously, you’re the kind of guy who acts like nobody will ever love him.”</p>
<p>“You really think that all it takes for a guy like me to get an amazing girlfriend is a little hard work? I’d have better luck waiting on a miracle…”</p>
<p>“If all the beautiful girls were snapped up by only the most handsome, charming young men of the world, the guys who missed out might go down a violent path, you know.”</p>
<p>Amane wasn’t sure Itsuki had a right to comment, as a member of the former group.</p>
<p>Itsuki continued, “Anyway, if you insist, we’ll leave it at that for now… More importantly, it’s time for me to make a prediction as your best friend.”</p>
<p>“About what?”</p>
<p>“Sooner or later, you’re gonna change. I can already see the telltale signs. All that’s left is for you to take the first steps toward your new future.”</p>
<p>“…Don’t talk like some kind of know-it-all guru,” Amane said with a scowl.</p>
<p>“Ha-ha-ha! How long have we been friends?”</p>
<p>“It hasn’t even been a year,” Amane quipped coolly.</p>
<p>“Oh yeah, that’s right!” Itsuki roared with laughter.</p>
<p>The two of them had only known each other since the start of high school, but Itsuki understood Amane much better than the guys <a id="page-150"></a>he’d known in elementary and middle school back home. He was glad that the two of them got along so easily.</p>
<p>“Anyway—,” Itsuki continued.</p>
<p>“Hmm?”</p>
<p>“You keep going on and on about how you’re not worthy of her, but your attitude and the way you talk about her just proves that you actually do like her.”</p>
<p>“I will stick this french fry right up your nose,” Amane threatened.</p>
<p>“Sorry,” Itsuki instantly apologized.</p>
<p>Amane came very close to actually being impressed by what his friend had to say only for Itsuki to ruin it right at the end with a ridiculous comment.</p>
<p class="space-break">“You’re late today.”</p>
<p>When Amane returned home about an hour later than usual, Mahiru came out to greet him in her apron. After his earlier conversation with Itsuki, Amane couldn’t help but think that she looked like a newlywed. He told himself that he didn’t feel that way about her, so it wasn’t fair to indulge in that delusion, and he drove the thought from his mind in a bit of a panic.</p>
<p>“Mm, I had fries with Itsuki.”</p>
<p>“…Right before dinner?”</p>
<p>“Don’t worry, I’ll finish my plate.”</p>
<p>He had a second stomach for Mahiru’s cooking, and he had been conservative and only had a small order of fries anyway, so he had plenty of room for his meal, even if Mahiru dished up his usual serving size.</p>
<p>“For a second, I worried about you gaining weight…,” Mahiru mused. “But you’re so slim that you could probably stand to put on a little bit more meat.”</p>
<p><a id="page-151"></a>“You’re one to talk. I’m always worried you might snap in half one day.”</p>
<p>“I’m not that fragile, you know.”</p>
<p>“Oh really? Look at how thin you are.”</p>
<p>Mahiru had a very slender and feminine physique. Of course, she did quite a few sports, so she wasn’t just thin, she was also toned and flexible. Still, she had a delicate look to her for some reason, and just as a test, he reached out and grabbed her wrist, easily wrapping his fingers all the way around. He remembered his father warning him to always treat a lady gently and with care.</p>
<p>She seemed so dainty and thin, he thought, as he moved his fingers along hers, feeling the delicate bones beneath her skin.</p>
<p>Mahiru squirmed uncomfortably. He saw she was staring at her hand in his, her cheeks slightly flushed, and realized much too late that he had been touching her without her permission.</p>
<p>In a panic, Amane released Mahiru’s hand.</p>
<p>“Sorry. I should’ve known you wouldn’t like that.”</p>
<p>“It’s… Well… I don’t hate it when you touch me.”</p>
<p>Amane stared at Mahiru in shock. He could barely believe his own ears. Mahiru also seemed to realize what exactly she had said and looked up suddenly, cheeks redder than he had ever seen them, eyes beginning to fill with tears. Amane felt like he couldn’t possibly bear the embarrassment a moment longer.</p>
<p>“Th-that doesn’t mean that I’m asking you to touch me or anything, all right?” Mahiru explained. “Just that I hate it when <em>other</em> guys touch me. You understand?”</p>
<p>“Y-yeah,” Amane said meekly.</p>
<p>However, his heart was still pounding wildly. The very particular phrasing she had used left an awful lot open to interpretation. He felt like he needed to change the subject.</p>
<p><a id="page-152"></a>“…Oh, um, I noticed…,” he mumbled, “you’re not wearing the bracelet I gave you yesterday. I mean, obviously you don’t have to wear it if you don’t want…”</p>
<p>Mahiru looked down at her wrist and with one finger softly traced the place where Amane had grasped her.</p>
<p>“…If I wear it when I’m doing housework, it gets in the way, and it’ll get damaged sooner… I want to keep it nice, so I’ll wear it on my days off.”</p>
<p>“…I see.”</p>
<p>Amane could not imagine a more perfect answer. She had told him both that she was going to treasure the gift and that she was intending to wear it regularly. His legs threatened to give out on the spot, and his chest felt like it might burst with all the feelings bubbling up inside him, and in the heat of the moment, he was sure there wasn’t a man alive who would have felt any different.</p>
<p>Somewhere in this dizzy state of mind, Amane realized how loudly his heart was thumping. He took several long, slow breaths to try to calm down.</p>
<p>“…As long as you like it, I’m happy.”</p>
<p>“I do, and I’m going to take good care of it. Like I do with all of them—the teddy bear, the key holder, and the bracelet. I’m going to use the hand cream without reservation, though.” Mahiru smiled slightly, looking embarrassed.</p>
<p>Amane could not take it a moment longer. He quickly kicked off his shoes and darted down the hallway.</p>
<p>“…I’m going to change clothes.”</p>
<p>“O-okay. See you when you get back, Amane.”</p>
<p>Even though he had come home to his own single apartment, Amane felt like he was being sent off by his new wife. His heart began to pound violently again, and he rushed into his bedroom and promptly collapsed on the floor.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>