<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 2</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:01c62081-7f97-44e9-9557-e06763e048ac" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter022">
<p><a id="page-176"></a>“…Itsuki?”</p>
<p>“Nothing; just got a message from Chi telling me to take a picture of you to commemorate the evening. Just a dumb little memento. Should be no problem, right?”</p>
<p>“I guess. As long as you’re not planning to do anything with my photo…”</p>
<p>“Relax, it’s not like anyone else will ever see it. And besides, there’s a good reason for it, I can assure you.”</p>
<p>Amane regarded Itsuki with deep skepticism. He had no idea what that reason could be. But Itsuki just smiled, looking particularly smug, and Amane let out a big sigh, grumbling quietly to himself that there was no point in taking his photo.</p>
<p>Listening to his friend complain, Itsuki muttered in an even quieter voice, “This guy really doesn’t get it, does he?”</p>
<p class="space-break">“…I’m exhausted…”</p>
<p>On the third day, Itsuki and Chitose’s stay was finally over. The two of them had gone back to Chitose’s place, where Itsuki would spend another day or two. (Apparently Chitose’s parents would’ve been perfectly fine if he stayed forever, but all the same, he didn’t want to impose.) They’d eaten Mahiru’s homemade lunch and left with big smiles, but not before encouraging Amane and Mahiru to play nice in their absence. Amane had figured that quipping back would have been more trouble than it was worth, so he’d let their teasing slide.</p>
<p>“Aren’t you tired, too, Mahiru?”</p>
<p>The two of them were sitting together on Amane’s couch.</p>
<p>“…I’m wiped out. That was really hard. But it was also a lot of fun.”</p>
<p>“Yeah?”</p>
<p>Mahiru wasn’t the type to invite friends over to her apartment, at <a id="page-177"></a>least for as long as Amane had known her, so he thought it was great that Chitose had given her the excuse to do just that.</p>
<p>It sounded like she sometimes hung out with Chitose when Amane wasn’t around, so if she had made a close friend, that couldn’t be a bad thing.</p>
<p>“…Well, you know, I was really surprised when that photo was sent…”</p>
<p>“Ah, ah, oh that?”</p>
<p>When Mahiru said the word <em>photo</em>, Amane couldn’t help but recall her elegant yet risqué getup from the night before. His cheeks were burning.</p>
<p>It wasn’t like she had bared a lot of skin, but Amane could still remember the way her nightgown had accentuated her soft curves. If anything, her modesty had only made her more enticing. He’d already filed the image away in his mind for later, though he felt surprisingly guilty about it.</p>
<p>“Y-yesterday,” Mahiru explained, “yesterday, Chitose said ‘You’re so cute!’ and took a lot of photos. S-so, I’m not exactly sure which one she sent you. She was really insistent, so I gave her my permission, but…I hope it wasn’t anything too embarrassing…”</p>
<p>Apparently, Chitose hadn’t shown Mahiru which photo she had sent. Amane figured she’d sent him the best shot, but he wondered whether Mahiru was aware how she’d looked—or even that Chitose had photographed that particular moment at all. He wasn’t sure how Mahiru would react if he showed her the picture. The photo wasn’t obscene or anything, and Mahiru definitely hadn’t looked bad, but still, it could cause a lot of trouble.</p>
<p>“Uh, ummm, well, it was…it was a picture of you with the teddy bear on your knees.”</p>
<p>“…Th-the teddy bear…?”</p>
<p><a id="page-178"></a>“I guess you’re taking good care of it, huh?”</p>
<p>Well, that part was true, at least.</p>
<p>Amane, still feeling guilty, decided the best thing to do was shove the image deep down into the recesses of his memory. If he couldn’t forget it, he could at least seal it away.</p>
<p>When Mahiru heard the word <em>bear</em>, she seemed to more or less recall the moment the photo had been taken, and she smiled slightly.</p>
<p>“…I told you I was going to cherish it,” she said, “because it’s a precious gift.”</p>
<p>Confronted with her warm gaze and soft, welcoming smile, Amane’s breath caught in his throat.</p>
<p>This smile was different from her usual angelic smile—it was honest and affectionate. Amane felt hypnotized by her delicate beauty, like her soft sweetness was beckoning him to wrap his arms around her and pull her close.</p>
<p>“…Uh, y-yeah, I guess you did,” Amane stammered. “You must really like it, huh?”</p>
<p>“Of course I do,” Mahiru replied. “You picked it out for me, after all.” She smiled earnestly. “You don’t have to worry; I treat him well. Why, every day I pat him on the head, and I hold him tight when I fall asleep, and—ummm…never mind. Forget I said anything.”</p>
<p>Amane could hardly believe he’d heard her right.</p>
<p><em>A beautiful girl like Mahiru sleeps with a stuffed teddy bear. That’s unspeakably cute.</em></p>
<p>He recalled how angelic Mahiru looked when she was asleep. Just imagining the scene made him blush.</p>
<p><em>Wearing that angelic sleeping face, she cuddles a stuffed bear while she slumbers. Mahiru, this beautiful girl, goes to bed holding the teddy bear I gave her.</em></p>
<p><a id="page-179"></a>Mahiru had already turned bright red, all the way out to her ears. She grabbed him by the arm. “P-please forget about that last part.”</p>
<p>“Th-that’s literally impossible.”</p>
<p>“Ugh, I’m so embarrassed!”</p>
<p>Mahiru looked at him with tears forming in the corners of her eyes. This expression was even more devastatingly cute than the last, but it was obvious that Mahiru didn’t realize it.</p>
<p>“Is it really that big a deal? I don’t see what the problem is.”</p>
<p>“It makes me seem like a little kid, doesn’t it? Sleeping with a stuffed animal, I mean.”</p>
<p>“N-no, I think it’s really cute.”</p>
<p>Mahiru turned away from Amane and buried her face in her favorite cushion. “You’re not helping…”</p>
<p>Amane felt awfully guilty for thinking that Mahiru looked cute when she was pouting, but he couldn’t help himself—he found it endearing.</p>
<p>What he wanted to do right then was reach out and stroke Mahiru’s head, but he knew that was a terrible idea, especially now, so he kept his hands to himself and only looked over at Mahiru.</p>
<p>After a few moments had passed, she peeked out from behind the cushion. Her eyes shimmered, and her face was flushed, but she composed herself enough to give him a reproachful look.</p>
<p>“…Amane, you need to tell me something embarrassing, too. It’s not fair if I’m the only one.”</p>
<p>“What…?”</p>
<p>Mahiru had done this to herself. Amane felt no responsibility to put himself in a similar position. But he knew better than to say that.</p>
<p>On the other hand, he was having a hard time coming up with anything embarrassing that she didn’t already know.</p>
<p>“If you won’t tell me something,” Mahiru said sternly, “I’ll just have to message Akazawa and ask him.”</p>
<p><a id="page-180"></a>“When did you exchange contact info with Itsuki…?”</p>
<p>“Actually, Chitose gave me his information, and we messaged back and forth…yesterday, I think. But it wasn’t about anything in particular…nothing you need to worry about anyway…”</p>
<p>Mahiru trailed off and buried her face in the cushion again.</p>
<p>At this point, Amane really had no idea what was going on.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>