<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 2</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:01c62081-7f97-44e9-9557-e06763e048ac" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="copyright">
<h1 class="copyright-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-copyright">Copyright</a></h1>
<p class="copyright-space">The Angel Next Door Spoils Me Rotten, Vol. 2</p>
<p class="copyright-space"><span class="special1">Saekisan</span></p>
<p class="copyright-space"><span class="small-caps">TRANSLATION BY NICOLE WILDER</span> * <span class="small-caps">COVER ART BY HANEKOTO</span></p>
<p class="copyright-space">This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">OTONARI NO TENSHISAMA NI ITSUNOMANIKA DAMENINGEN NI SARETEITA KEN Vol. 2</p>
<p class="copyright">Copyright © 2020 Saekisan</p>
<p class="copyright">Illustration © 2020 Hanekoto</p>
<p class="copyright">All rights reserved.</p>
<p class="copyright">Original Japanese edition published in 2020 by SB Creative Corp.</p>
<p class="copyright">This English edition is published by arrangement with SB Creative Corp., Tokyo in care of Tuttle-Mori Agency, Inc., Tokyo.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">English translation © 2021 by Yen Press, LLC</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen Press, LLC supports the right to free expression and the value of copyright. The purpose of copyright is to encourage writers and artists to produce the creative works that enrich our culture.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">The scanning, uploading, and distribution of this book without permission is a theft of the author’s intellectual property. If you would like permission to use material from the book (other than for review purposes), please contact the publisher. Thank you for your support of the author’s rights.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen On</p>
<p class="copyright">150 West 30th Street, 19th Floor</p>
<p class="copyright">New York, NY 10001</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Visit us at <a href="http://yenpress.com">yenpress.com</a> * <a href="http://facebook.com/yenpress">facebook.com/yenpress</a> * <a href="http://twitter.com/yenpress">twitter.com/yenpress</a> * <a href="http://yenpress.tumblr.com">yenpress.tumblr.com</a> * <a href="http://instagram.com/yenpress">instagram.com/yenpress</a></p>
<p class="copyright-space">First Yen On Edition: August 2021</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Yen On is an imprint of Yen Press, LLC.</p>
<p class="copyright">The Yen On name and logo are trademarks of Yen Press, LLC.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.</p>
<p class="copyright-space">Library of Congress Cataloging-in-Publication Data</p>
<p class="copyright1">Names: Saekisan, author. | Hanekoto, illustrator. | Wilder, Nicole. translator.</p>
<p class="copyright1">Title: The angel next door spoils me rotten / Saekisan ; illustration by Hanekoto ; translation by Nicole Wilder.</p>
<p class="copyright1">Other titles: Otonari no tenshi-sama ni Itsu no ma ni ka dame ningen ni sareteita ken. English</p>
<p class="copyright1">Description: First Yen On edition. | New York : Yen On, 2020- |</p>
<p class="copyright1">Identifiers: LCCN 2020043583 | ISBN 9781975319236 (v. 1 ; trade paperback) | ISBN 9781975322694 (v. 2 ; trade paperback)</p>
<p class="copyright1">Subjects: CYAC: Love—Fiction.</p>
<p class="copyright1">Classification: LCC PZ7.1.S2413 An 2020 | DDC [Fic]—dc23</p>
<p class="copyright1">LC record available at https://lccn.loc.gov/2020043583</p>
<p class="copyright-space">ISBNs: 978-1-9753-2269-4 (paperback)</p>
<p class="copyright">978-1-9753-2270-0 (ebook)</p>
<p class="copyright-space">E3-20210701-JV-NF-ORI</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>