<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Eminence in Shadow</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:d8faf539-f790-4fb2-b58f-591611d42824" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix006">
<h1 class="appendix-title1"><a id="page-249"></a><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix006">Afterword</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Thank you for reading Volume 1 of <em>The Eminence in Shadow</em>.</p>
<p>This book is a novelization of a web series that I uploaded called <em>Shousetsuka ni Narou</em>. Even though I initially submitted the series just for fun, I started to think <em>Maybe I’ll take a break after I’m done with the first chapter…</em>after I received virtually no response to it. But shortly thereafter, my story started climbing the rankings, and it drastically changed the fate of this book.</p>
<p>And that led to a lot of people reading my work and giving me their thoughts, which brought me joy and made me think, <em>I want to write more!</em> Then, thanks to all your support, I was asked to novelize the series as I was writing it, and now it’s published in the form of this first volume. My novel was lost in the sea of stories online, but thanks to you, all the readers who supported my work, my story has become a book. Thank you so much.</p>
<p>Now that I’m in a position where I get to write my own afterword, I’ve realized that I’ve never properly read one before. I wonder how many people who read this entire book will also read this. This is just my own estimate, but I’m guessing less than 10 percent. But I know that 10 percent definitely found my book interesting. I mean, if they’re willing to read the afterword, they must have! And that’s a fact!</p>
<p>Which brings me to you, the dear reader who’s read all the way up to this point! Hey, you! I have a favor to ask you!</p>
<p>Would you mind telling other people about this book? It can be your pals at school, your colleagues, your Internet chums, or people who share the same interests. The publishing industry seems to have hit a slump, <a id="page-250"></a>and my novel is no exception! It’s barely hanging in there! My next book is gonna be really exciting, so it would mean a lot if I could have your support. If all readers were to spread the word, it would really help bring my book to different audiences. Even saying <em>I’d recommend this book</em> would be great! I hope it isn’t too much trouble!</p>
<p>I’m going to end here, but before that, I’d like to thank my editor, who helped me when I didn’t know squat about the publishing world. And I extend my gratitude to Touzai for the best illustrations I could ever hope for, to Araki at BALCOLONY. for the incredible designs that color this book, and to all my readers for their support. Thank you again from the bottom of my heart.</p>
<p>Let’s meet again in Volume 2!</p>
<p class="right"><strong><em>Daisuke Aizawa</em></strong></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>