<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello, my name is Isle Osaki. To any readers who became familiar with my work via the “Let’s Become a Novelist” website, thank you as always. Reading many different web novels gave me the idea of writing my own fantasy world adventure, and before I knew it, I had the support of countless people, and I somehow even made it to the point of receiving a print run.</p>

      <p>I don’t have anything special to write, so instead, have some background info. I think many of you might have already realized, but your author’s choice of names in this story is a bit on the lazy side. The very first town, Macallan, was named after the brand of my favorite whisky. The seven magical elements are named after the Japanese words for the seven days of the week. Incidentally, the reason that dark magic is assigned to the moon element is because I have a day job as an office worker. And what day could be darker for an office worker than “Mon”day? (I might be biased.) However, I didn’t make the protagonist a water mage out of any particular love of its associated day, Wednesday. Although I do like Wednesday Dow*town. But I get the impression that water and ice are treated as jobber elements fairly often, so I figured, hey, why not give them to the protagonist? A bit of a cynical idea, I know.</p>

      <p>Lastly, to my editor, Y, thank you for your many words of advice. To my illustrator, Tam-U, I give you a mountain of thanks for your outstanding character designs. And most of all, I’d like to offer my deepest, greatest gratitude to the people who have supported me since the web version. I hope you all enjoy the series from here on out.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>