<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: Makoto Takatsuki Forms His First Party</h1>

      <p>“Well now, it’s our rising star rookie, the Goblin Cleaner!”</p>

      <p>“Good job sweeping up all those grunts!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, how’s about you fry some bigger fish sometime!”</p>

      <p>“Come now, he’s just an apprentice mage.”</p>

      <p>“And he’s solo to boot!”</p>

      <p>“Please, there ain’t no apprentice mage dumb enough to go solo!”</p>

      <p>Raucous laughter filled the room from all sides. The moment I got back to the adventurer’s guild, the hecklers got going.</p>

      <p>How did it come to this...<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Three months had passed since I’d first become an adventurer. I’d turned in the horned rabbits with no problem at all. As a bonus, I’d also reported that I’d slain five goblins. The guild lady had remarked that she couldn’t believe me and that I could’ve gotten myself killed.</p>

      <p>I mean, I hadn’t put myself in <em>that</em> much danger.</p>

      <p>I’d felt a little smug after surprising the guild workers, so I spent every day after that hunting goblins. Somehow, this became a hot topic around the adventurer’s guild.</p>

      <p>When asked, I told them I’d hunted the goblins near the Forest of Fiends, and they seemed to accept that answer. The Forest of Fiends had plenty of goblins loitering around its edges, so there wasn’t any cause for concern. They said it’d only be a problem if there were goblins living near any human settlements.</p>

      <p>The guild lady had warned me that the Forest of Fiends was too dangerous for someone in stone rank though; she said that I should wait until I was silver rank before going anywhere near it. They must have thought I was in such a rush to rank up that I was risking my life for it.</p>

      <p>My actual goals were to level up and extend my lifespan. I wasn’t too concerned with my adventurer rank. Even if I did raise my rank, I’d still be an apprentice mage, which would give the rest of the adventurers even more ammunition for their jokes...</p>

      <p>Every time I leveled up, my stats would slightly increase. That is, my Strength, Stamina, and Magic. Sadly, they were really slow to rise. Man, I just wasn’t getting any stronger...</p>

      <p>While those rewards were meager, goblins were dangerous, human-attacking monsters, so defeating them awarded reverence points. This was much appreciated since I didn’t earn a single point from those horned rabbits or giant rats. Gaining reverence points extended my lifespan, which was now slightly under ten years. I just had to grind a little at a time.</p>

      <p>The act of leveling up was fun in itself too. Level-ups were always the most exciting part of an RPG, and that went double for this fantasy world. There wasn’t an accompanying victory theme, though. You’d think <em>RPG Player </em>would pull through for me there.</p>

      <p>Hunting goblins was pretty easy once you got used to it. They were low-risk fights that gave steady experience. When I saw lone goblins near the Forest of Fiends, I didn’t hesitate to slay them. As a result, people started calling me the Goblin Cleaner.</p>

      <p><em>Man</em>, I thought, <em>what a lame name. I wish they would’ve given me something a little slicker.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“C’mon, fellas,” began one conversation I’d rather not have heard, “we oughta show a little more respect to goblin huntin’. The kid’s doin’ all that work alone!”</p>

      <p>“You first. Why not invite him to your party if you think he’s so great?”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, hold it there. Whaddya expect me to do with an apprentice mage who can barely cast water magic?”</p>

      <p>“Hah, that’s what I’m saying.”</p>

      <p>I decided to ignore them.</p>

      <p>There was a bench near the skewer stall in the guild entrance and I settled down there to order food.</p>

      <p>“Hi, Chef,” I said, “I’ll have the skewer platter.”</p>

      <p>“Comin’ right up. Anythin’ to drink?”</p>

      <p>“Apple soda.”</p>

      <p>The staple meal from this stall was skewers and beer. I wasn’t great at handling my alcohol, so I instead opted for soft drinks.</p>

      <p>“One rice ball too.”</p>

      <p>“Comin’ right up.”</p>

      <p>I munched on the perfectly salted rice ball as I waited for my skewers to get grilled. The rice was a bit harder than what I was used to in Japan. The scent of burning sauce tickled my nose.</p>

      <p>The guild had other stalls, but this one was my favorite. The food here tasted pretty similar to chicken skewers back in Japan. What’s more, I’d heard it was an otherworlder who’d spread this recipe around the world. It made me wonder if that otherworlder came from Japan too.</p>

      <p>“Skewer platter, order up.”</p>

      <p>The chef set down a five-skewer meal in front of me. The cooked meat actually came from the horned rabbits I’d captured in the Great Forest; yes, the client for my first quest had been this very shop. I’d been a regular ever since.</p>

      <p>I bit into a plump thigh cut that was drenched in a sweet and spicy sauce, and its juices flowed across my tongue.</p>

      <p>“As good as ever,” I told the chef.</p>

      <p>“Thanks. By the way, how’d the day’s hunt go?” The chef and I were pretty well acquainted, so we could talk with each other casually.</p>

      <p>“Twenty-two goblins and five horned rabbits. I told the guild to let you get the meat in stock.”</p>

      <p>“Looks like I owe ya again,” said the chef. “Your drink’s on the house.”</p>

      <p>This exchange was also one we’d gotten well acquainted with.</p>

      <p>“But I gotta say,” continued the chef, “I’m amazed you don’t get bored with hunting nothing but goblins. What level are you at?”</p>

      <p>“Level 14, I think.”</p>

      <p>“You’re a strange fella. 14’s the level of a full-fledged adventurer! Why, back in my day...”</p>

      <p>The chef here used to be an adventurer like me. I’d heard that he’d even hit level 40 as a warrior, but then had to retire after he’d injured his leg. These days, he spent his time running this food stall, but the old adventuring stories he occasionally told had some valuable lessons to teach.</p>

      <p>“Ah, the old timer’s fired up again,” said an adventurer as he approached. “Chef, I’ll take an ale and a skewer of whatever you got.”</p>

      <p>“There ya are, Lucas,” said the chef. “Just got back?”</p>

      <p>“From slaying the sand dragon in Great Keith,” said the burly, middle-aged warrior as he dropped down on a seat next to me with a thud. “They made me stay sober the whole trip. The pay was good, but man, was it rough. Oh, Makoto, haven’t seen you in a while.”</p>

      <p>“It’s only been five days, but yeah, good work out there.”</p>

      <p>“Welp, I’ll drink to that,” said Lucas after getting his pint. “Whew, that’s the stuff!”</p>

      <p>Lucas was one of Macallan’s veterans and a gold rank adventurer. He and the chef seemed to go way back. He’d also been tasked with guiding the rookies, which had included me in my earlier days.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Makoto, ain’t it about time you try a dungeon on for size? You’re almost level 15.”</p>

      <p>“I was planning to give a beginner dungeon a try once I hit level 20,” I stated.</p>

      <p>“The recommended level for those dungeons is around 10, though...”</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m weak. I’d rather be careful.” I didn’t think I’d said anything strange, but Lucas and the chef still gave each other a look.</p>

      <p>“Y’know, any other rookie would be itching to take this stuff on,” remarked the chef.</p>

      <p>“Guess there ain’t much for a veteran to warn you about...” added Lucas.</p>

      <p>Was it so strange for me to take things slow?</p>

      <p>“Well now, got a party going on here?” A beautiful blonde lady came and sat between Lucas and me.</p>

      <p>“Oh, hello, Mary,” I greeted her. “Did you just finish work for the day?”</p>

      <p>“Hey! Mary, you don’t gotta butt in like that!”</p>

      <p>Mary was a receptionist for the adventurer’s guild. Since I often accepted quests, I saw her all the time. She’d been a great help over the last few months.</p>

      <p>She was also a lover of all things alcoholic, so she’d always come to the guild for drinks after work. Because of that, hanging out together had become part of my daily routine...although I preferred to eat dinner while sober.</p>

      <p>“I’ll have an ale,” she ordered. “And fry up whatever veggies you got!”</p>

      <p>“Comin’ right up.”</p>

      <p>“All right, cheers!” She took a sip of her ale. “Whew, nothin’ beats a cold one after a hard day’s work!”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Mary, you can do better than drinking at a dinky food stall. Why not find yourself a nice man and go out to a fancy bar?”</p>

      <p>“You nuts, Lucas?! You know how hectic a guild receptionist’s job is! And monsters have been going nuts lately, so I don’t have any time to find a man!” She turned to the chef. “Pops, gimme a refill!”</p>

      <p>“Try to pace yourself, Mary,” the chef cautioned.</p>

      <p>Mary really was beautiful until she opened her mouth. But when you sat her in front of alcohol, she could drink any adventurer under the table.</p>

      <p>“Wow, Makoto, still drinkin’ your juice?” remarked Mary. “After all the cash you made today, you oughta let loose with some real drinks!”</p>

      <p>“Hey now,” said the chef in exasperation, “that ain’t something a guild employee should say out loud.”</p>

      <p>“I drink every now and then,” I assured her.</p>

      <p>I could order alcohol whenever I liked since the drinking age in this country was thirteen, but I just didn’t like the stuff. That first ale I’d tried tasted bitter, while that flaming cocktail on the rocks had made me convulse and spit it out the moment it’d touched my tongue. I could only stomach cocktails made from apple soda; however, I limited myself to a single glass, since even those got me drunk in an instant.</p>

      <p>Lucas had taught me that, while I didn’t have to chug ales by the barrelful, adventurers treated peers who couldn’t drink as targets for mockery.</p>

      <p>“Why just every now and then?” asked the chef.</p>

      <p>“Lucas told me that adventurers make you the butt of their jokes if you can’t drink a single pint,” I explained. Really, Chef, how do you forget these things...</p>

      <p>“Ah, now that you mention it, they do! Ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>“Gee, what a responsible kid!” remarked Mary. “Another round, Chef!”</p>

      <p>“Comin’ right up. But how ’bout you learn from the kid and drink less than every day? Not that I’m one to lecture ya.”</p>

      <p>“F’real, how’s this kid so responsible at his age?! Be a kid! Like...this!”</p>

      <p>I found myself in a headlock. One where Mary’s sizable chest was being pressed against my back.</p>

      <p>Oh dear. <em>Calm Mind</em>, activate! Play it cool, Makoto! Play it cool.</p>

      <p>Mary was a popular figure within the adventurer’s guild, so I could feel the heat of their jealous glares scorching in my direction. Some of them belonged to the people who’d been making fun of me earlier.</p>

      <p>“Tch!” “Lucky bastard...” “More like an ‘ain’t shit’ mage.”</p>

      <p>I could hear their curses from here. None of this was my fault, by the way!</p>

      <p>“Mary, you’re drunk,” I told her.</p>

      <p>“C’mooon, I ain’t even tipsy! I got room for more!”</p>

      <p>She was now hugging me from behind!</p>

      <p>“How many goblins did you get today? Twenty two? Good boy, good boy...”</p>

      <p>And now she was ruffling my head while still hugging me. Mary had a tendency to get a little touchy-feely when drunk, so there were many adventurers who’d misread her intentions and fallen hard for her.</p>

      <p>She was a witch, but I was the man who could resist the temptations of a goddess. This didn’t even faze m—</p>

      <p><em>Boing.</em></p>

      <p>Something very soft was being pressed into my back. I shall not waver! But oh, so soft...</p>

      <p>“Ha! You’re just a goblin hunter. Don’t let it go to your head!”</p>

      <p>I turned toward that voice and saw a young man dressed like a warrior facing me. I think his name was Jean. He was one of Macallan’s rookie adventurers, just like me. He’d become an adventurer around six months ago and was currently in bronze rank, also just like me. People said that rising to bronze from stone rank in just six months was pretty impressive, but it was clear that he didn’t take kindly to the fame I’d garnered in my three-month career.</p>

      <p>“Cool it, Jean. You oughta get along with your fellow rookies.”</p>

      <p>“Lucas! Why haven’t you helped me train lately?” asked Jean.</p>

      <p>“I guide people while they’re in stone rank, but once you’re bronze, you’re treated as someone who can fend for themselves.”</p>

      <p>“Now, now, Jean,” added Mary. “Makoto’s such a delicate boy, you’ll scare him.”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t particularly scared... Well, maybe. I couldn’t speak too soon; Jean had a mage and a cleric standing behind him. Guess they were in a party. Three on one? Yeah, this situation called for some delicacy.</p>

      <p>“I don’t see what the big deal is, Jean. He’s just an apprentice mage. What’s someone with <em>Swordfighter (Mid Rank)</em> worrying about him for?”</p>

      <p>The voice reasoning with Jean belonged to the red-haired mage behind him whose dress erred on the skimpier side. She was beautiful and undeniably bold about it.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, we should be completing more hunting quests so we can hit iron rank,” said the cleric. She was more the cute, baby-faced type.</p>

      <p>That’s a lot of girls. Was he running a harem party or something?</p>

      <p>Well, screw you, Jean! A real man quests solo in silence!</p>

      <p>“Well now, a hunting quest!” said Lucas in an effort to change the subject. “What’s the target?”</p>

      <p>“We’re hunting a lone ogre! It got spotted by a traveler not long ago.”</p>

      <p>“Hunting an ogre at bronze rank?” commented Lucas. “That there’s a rite of passage, so good luck.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks! We’ll show you what we’re made of! You hear that, Makoto? I’m the one who’s gonna hit iron rank first!”</p>

      <p>Jean got the last word and left us behind. The cleric girl bowed her head a bit to apologize. She was a good girl. The mage, well, didn’t seem to care.</p>

      <p>“Hey, don’t let it get you down,” said Mary as she tried to comfort me. I wasn’t down at all, though.</p>

      <p>“I’m just taking it easy,” I said. My only plans for tomorrow were to kill more goblins.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, uh, I wouldn’t call killing twenty two goblins in a single day all on your own ‘taking it easy.’” Lucas stated the obvious, but hunting goblins really was the safest, easiest option for me. I was the type to max out my level before taking on a boss, so I planned to keep this up for a while.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>After wrapping up my goblin hunt the next day, I found myself walking on the path back to the city. I was thinking about hunting a horned rabbit so I could get more stock for the chef’s store, when suddenly—</p>

      <p><em>BEEEEEEEEEP!</em></p>

      <p>All of a sudden, my <em>Sense Danger</em> skill blared a warning siren at maximum volume in my head. Was there a deadly monster nearby? I checked to see if my <em>Stealth</em> skill was activated, and sure enough, it was. I was fine; I hadn’t been found out.</p>

      <p><em>Something’s there</em>, I thought. Within the haze ahead, about fifty meters in front of me, I saw a massive human-like silhouette. Was this the lone ogre? Its figure was stout with what appeared to be horns growing from its head, but...were these monsters always so enormous?</p>

      <p>The average ogre was usually about two or three meters tall, but this guy was over five. Every one of its steps thudded heavily and made the ground tremble beneath my feet.</p>

      <p>There were normally other monsters roaming around this area, but right now, I couldn’t spot a single one. They all must’ve run away. No chance I was getting that horned rabbit, then. Guess I’d give up on that for the day. Just go home and report this beast to the guild. I started to quietly sneak toward safety when...</p>

      <p>“Eeeeeeek!” shrieked a woman’s voice.</p>

      <p>“Damn you!” shouted a man’s voice.</p>

      <p><em>Wait a minute</em>, I thought, <em>are people getting attacked?!</em></p>

      <p>When I looked closely, I saw several people who looked like adventurers. A three-person party with a swordfighter, a mage, and a cleric. They were all young; they didn’t appear to be veterans.</p>

      <p>“Wait, it’s just them.” It was the same party that had gotten in my face just yesterday—Jean’s.</p>

      <p>They did say they were going to hunt an ogre. And right now, they were in trouble. Served ’em right. Or, so I would’ve liked to say, but I’d be in a lot more trouble if I got entangled in this fight too. I stayed to observe while I kept my <em>Stealth</em> skill active.</p>

      <p><em>They </em>are<em> going to run</em>, I hoped, <em>right?</em></p>

      <p>The golden rule in adventuring was to value your own life. If you were faced with an enemy stronger than yourself, the first priority should be escape. Lucas warned me about that over and over back when I was in stone rank. These people should have heard the same things.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm</em>, I thought. <em>I think the mage and the cleric...are going to get caught.</em></p>

      <p>I wasn’t sure if it was due to fear or panic, but they couldn’t quite seem to escape. The ogre was going to catch up.</p>

      <p>“Emily!” shouted Jean as he grabbed the cleric’s hand and ran off with her.</p>

      <p>“Hey! What about me?!” cried the mage. Guess Jean prioritized the cleric above her. The truth’s gotta hurt.</p>

      <p>Oh, the mage tripped. The ogre was fast approaching. She was in trouble.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Save the mage?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No<br/><br/></code></p>

      <p>My <em>RPG Player </em>skill displayed an option. I was a bit stunned; it was asking for a lot from a bronze rank apprentice mage!</p>

      <p><em>You could leave her behind</em>, suggested the goddess. Simple and concise. I considered it, but...<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Save the mage?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No<br/><br/></code></p>

      <p>The text box continued blinking. Could it quit annoying me and give me some time to agonize over this decision?! It’d be game over if I died!</p>

      <p>“Eek! D-Don’t come any closer!”</p>

      <p>The mage’s legs gave out. The ogre was right in front of her. Jean was screaming at her to run...but it looked like he wasn’t coming to help. He ought to. The cleric looked distraught as she covered her mouth.</p>

      <p>Ah, screw it. There went my time to think.</p>

      <p>“N-Nooo! Help me!”</p>

      <p>The mage screamed in vain as the gigantic ogre reached out its hand.</p>

      <p><em>Fine!</em> I resigned myself. <em>If nobody else will...</em></p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ice Cutter</em>!”</p>

      <p>Two blades of ice were stabbed into the ogre’s eyes.</p>

      <p>“Gyaaaaagh!” The ogre screamed as it covered its eyes in pain.</p>

      <p>“Hey, run while you can!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, er, wait, what?” The mage was clearly confused. I put myself between her and the ogre and drew the goddess’s dagger.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>