<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Makoto Takatsuki Reunites with Fujiyan</h1>

      <p>Fujiyan was a friend I had met in class during my first year of high school. Our seats had happened to be close to each other, so we frequently had lively discussions about games together. I liked RPGs, and Fujiyan liked waifu games. We may have preferred different genres, but we’d maintained a friendly relationship by lending each other our favorite titles.</p>

      <p>I’d been separated from Fujiyan at the Water Temple nine months ago, and now he had his own store. That guy had made it big in no time.</p>

      <p><em>Even though we’re both high school students</em>, I couldn’t help but think.</p>

      <p>Then again, I had another classmate who had the <em>Hero of Light</em> skill and was nominated to be captain of the Highland Knights, but he was a special case. I needed to avoid comparing myself to him. Nonetheless, maybe all my other classmates were out finding huge success while I slacked off and got left behind...</p>

      <p>Thinking that way soured my mood, but I reached my destination despite my depression. I spotted a large sign with “Fujiwara Trading” written on it. This was the place.</p>

      <p><em>I hope Fujiyan’s still the same guy I always knew</em>, I thought. I’d spent the past year in this world training in magic and adventuring. As an otherworlder, the Water Temple had exempted me from all clothing, food, and education fees. Which is to say, the government took care of me and gave me a cozy, unchallenging life. I was a state-recognized NEET.</p>

      <p>Fujiyan was the opposite. Sure, he had some useful skills, but he was still young enough to be considered a minor back in Japan. Even so, he’d been scouted by a trading company and had obtained a store of his own in under nine months. I couldn’t imagine where his life had taken him since our last meeting. Would we still be on the same wavelength after I’d spent a whole year cooped up in the Water Temple? I had to admit, I was nervous.</p>

      <p>“Pardon me...” I murmured as I slowly entered the store.</p>

      <p>“Welcome’h!” A lady employee shouted a greeting at me. When I looked her way, I saw...</p>

      <p><em>A woman with bunny ears?!</em></p>

      <p>Yes, behind the counter was a bunny-eared beastwoman with a small frame and ruffled brown hair. Her wide-open eyes were rather adorable.</p>

      <p>“Are you an adventurer, sir? We’ve got plenty of items and armor for ya’h!”</p>

      <p>The employee helped me with a smile. She had a bit of an accent at the end of her sentences, so I wondered if she had come to Roses from a different country. But still, a store with bunny-eared staff? Fujiyan’s tastes were on full display.</p>

      <p>“Umm, is Mr. Fujiwara here? The store owner.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, so you’re a merchant.” Her tone suddenly changed. “Preliminary business discussions go through me’h.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, no, it’s not like that. I’m, uh, a friend of Fujiwara’s, so...”</p>

      <p>“A friend of the boss’s?” questioned the employee. She sized me up with a piercing gaze. “Could I have your name’h?”</p>

      <p>“Um, it’s Makoto Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“Wait! Could you have perhaps come from another world?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes, I did.”</p>

      <p>“Please wait just one minute! I’ll be back in a moment’h!” She hurriedly disappeared into a back room and returned with a small device about the size of a cigarette box. The woman held one of the numerous buttons arranged on its surface and brought the device to her mouth. “Boss! Mr. Takatsuki is here’h!”</p>

      <p>“What did you say?” came a familiar voice. “Has he truly arrived?!”</p>

      <p>The woman handed me the device that was apparently a receiver. “Mr. Takatsuki, here you go’h.”</p>

      <p>“Fujiyan, are you there?”</p>

      <p>“Oooooh! That nickname! That voice could belong to none other than my esteemed Tackie!”</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while,” I said. “I figured I’d come to visit since I made it to Macallan.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, how I’ve waited! I’d like to return to the store right this moment, but I’m afraid I have negotiations to attend to. Could I ask you to meet your humble compatriot at my shop by nightfall?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, got it. See ya then.” I handed the receiver to the employee and told her that I’d be back.</p>

      <p><em>Fujiyan hasn’t changed a bit</em>, I thought. If he was still talking that way, then I figured we’d be able to chill like old times. I was kinda relieved.</p>

      <p>I had some time to spare until I’d meet Fujiyan, so I decided to explore outside the city. The employee told me about a forest to the south where weak monsters like giant rats spawned.</p>

      <p><em>I want to take the dagger the goddess gave me for a test cut!</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Wow, this is pretty nice.”</p>

      <p>I had stopped a giant rat in its tracks with <em>Water Magic: Ice Arrow</em> and used my dagger to strike the final blow. There was almost no resistance; the blade cut through the monster like butter.</p>

      <p>“I got one heck of a weapon,” I remarked. Yep, this called for some thanks to the goddess.</p>

      <p>“O Goddess, thank you for this blessing.” I brought my hands together the way people prayed back home and offered my appreciation to the goddess.</p>

      <p><em>Told ya</em>, came the goddess’s voice ever so faintly.<em> Be grateful.</em></p>

      <p>A vision came across my mind of the goddess puffing her chest out with a smug look on her face. Was she so invested because I was her believer now? Either way, the goddess was cute, so I couldn’t complain.</p>

      <p>I skinned the rat and went to an item shop to sell it. The adventurer’s guild would have bought it too, but I wanted to see as much of the city as I could!</p>

      <p>“That’ll be three thousand gald.”</p>

      <p>They bought three rat pelts off of me. Using the money I received for them, I then bought a sheath for the sword the goddess had given me.</p>

      <p>I left the item shop and strolled through the city. The heart of Macallan was bustling and lined with shops selling food, clothing, weapons, items, and more. There was even a pet shop for familiars. This was a fantasy world, all right.</p>

      <p>Once I left the shopping district’s road, I found myself in a culinary district lined with restaurants and bars. Behind that was a street filled with inns, and behind even that was a brothel district filled with questionable establishments. Not that I’d have the money for anything of the sort, of course.</p>

      <p>I looked at a number of weapon shops that piqued my interest. The goddess’s dagger would suffice for now, but I wanted to set my sights on becoming a spellsword.</p>

      <p>Despite my affinity for the mage class, I didn’t have the Strength to wield normal swords, so I couldn’t become a swordfighter. However, I’d heard rumors about the existence of sacred and demonic swords which allowed their users to master any job. I’d like to find one of those magic swords for myself.</p>

      <p>While I was perusing blades, I had my goddess’s dagger appraised.</p>

      <p>“Sir, can I ask where you found this dagger?”</p>

      <p>“Uhh, an acquaintance let me borrow it,” I answered vaguely. “All I know is that it should be valuable.”</p>

      <p>“Well, it certainly has some magical properties. Can’t say just what without inspecting in detail, though. So, any plans to sell it?”</p>

      <p>I wouldn’t dream of selling it! But it looked like the shopkeeper had his eyes on it, so I took my dagger back in a hurry.</p>

      <p>I looked around the store to see if there were any magic swords. I noticed that a lot of customers seemed to be adventurers, all of them properly equipped for their jobs.</p>

      <p>“Please, Jean, you don’t need a sword <em>that </em>expensive yet.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe, but hey, I’ll need it for the stronger monsters, won’t I?”</p>

      <p>I peeked over to see a man who looked like a warrior talking to a cleric-ish woman. Were they a couple?</p>

      <p>“C’mon,” the woman protested, “buy <em>me </em>some equipment for once!”</p>

      <p>“All right, Emily. How about I give up on the weapon and order you some new clothes?”</p>

      <p>“Hooray! You’re the best, Jean!” The woman started clinging to the man’s arm.</p>

      <p><em>Die in a fire, normies.</em></p>

      <p>As I continued to wander, the time for our meetup came closer. I made it back to Fujiyan’s shop right on time and saw a familiar stoutly figure pacing around the showroom. It was a face I hadn’t seen in nine months.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>