<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Makoto Takatsuki Forms a Temporary Party</h1>

      <p>“Hey, Makoto. Do you want to take on a quest with us?”</p>

      <p>That’s what Jean came to ask. Next to him was Emily, a cleric.</p>

      <p>“Are you bozos nuts? I dunno what rock you hit your head on, but get lost.” Lucy was drunk and feisty.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, Lucy, are you speaking for the both of us now?</em></p>

      <p>“We were asking Makoto, not you!” objected Emily. “What’re <em>you</em> turning us down for?!”</p>

      <p>Please, you three, don’t start a bar fight...</p>

      <p>“So, why us?” I figured I should at least hear them out.</p>

      <p>“We’re actually planning to take on a raging bison hunt soon.”</p>

      <p>“Huh.”</p>

      <p>Raging bison were Class 2 monsters that posed medium danger. To give a rough idea, they were beasts that looked like bison, but giant, like three times the size of a regular one. They were normally quite docile, but they’d go on a rampage if you angered one. Seeing the color red only made them madder. You know, <em>that</em> kind of monster. They were herbivores and as such didn’t attack humans, but they’d often make travelers miserable by ramming into carriages.</p>

      <p>A quest like this was at just the right difficulty for a party of bronze rank adventurers. The monetary reward wasn’t bad either; raging bison meat was delectable, so it fetched a high price. It was a popular quest for any adventurer trying to make a buck. That said...</p>

      <p>“I’ll pass.”</p>

      <p>“Why? Wh-What for?!”</p>

      <p>“Raging bison make meadows their turf. The meadows around Macallan don’t have any bodies of water. I’m an apprentice mage who can’t do a thing without water nearby, so I wouldn’t be any help there.” I gulped down the rest of my cocktail.</p>

      <p>“But aren’t you good with your <em>Scout</em> skill?”</p>

      <p>“Wouldn’t <em>Scout</em> be kinda useless?” I pointed out. The meadows that these bison lived in were wide open. You didn’t need a skill when you could just use your eyes. “Like I said, I won’t be much help.”</p>

      <p>On that note, I finished up my sandwich and attempted to leave the conversation.</p>

      <p>“Please, wait! We’ll give you first dibs on the rewards, so please, won’t you come with us?”</p>

      <p>“What do you want me to come with you for?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Bet they wanna apologize for last time,” answered Lucy. <em>Was that really it?</em> I looked at Jean and Emily. They seemed to feel a bit awkward.</p>

      <p>“Part of it is an apology, but really, we just want to get along as fellow rookies,” answered Emily. Get along, huh? I wonder.</p>

      <p>“For real?! There ain’t no way we’re getting along after that bullcrap!” Lucy snapped.</p>

      <p>“What the hell are you so hostile for?!”</p>

      <p>Sparks flew as Lucy and Emily glared at each other. They looked like they were one step away from a catfight. Please, you two, at least try to make up...</p>

      <p>“So, Jean, if you wanted to adventure with us, couldn’t you join me on a goblin hunt?”</p>

      <p>“I considered that, but you always hunt goblins in the Great Forest. I heard Lucy was forbidden from using fire magic there.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yeah, that’s true.” Lucy was banned from using fire magic in the Great Forest until she could control it. And that was the only offensive magic Lucy could really conjure up, hence our recent days of intensive training.</p>

      <p>“We figured Lucy could use all the fire magic she wanted in the meadows.”</p>

      <p>“Well, you’ve got a point there,” I agreed. “What do you think, Lucy?”</p>

      <p>“Ugh, adventuring with <em>these</em> two?” Lucy didn’t seem all that receptive. On the other hand, she was surely sick of the constant training. Plus, we were poorly balanced as a two-person party of mages; having a frontline warrior like Jean and a support healer like Emily would help a lot in that regard. That just left one burning question...</p>

      <p>“You know I won’t have anything to do, right?” I’d be useless without a body of water. <em>Scout</em> and <em>Stealth</em> wouldn’t serve much purpose either.</p>

      <p>“Well, maybe you could slow them down?” Emily strained herself to come up with something. So, I’d be a decoy. I could probably make something work with <em>Stealth</em> and <em>Dodge</em>.</p>

      <p>“Well, okay then. I assume we’ll be getting most of the rewards.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, a seven-three split,” they assured us.</p>

      <p>I hadn’t been farming much lately, so that would do.</p>

      <p>“Well, Lucy, they did go through the effort of inviting us, so why don’t we take them up on their offer?”</p>

      <p>“For real?” Jean’s face lit up.</p>

      <p>“Well, if you’re cool with it, fine, I guess.” Lucy wasn’t thrilled, but she agreed.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The next day, I woke up in the adventurer’s guild’s rest area and washed my face with water from the nearby well. Once I’d freshened up, I took the goddess’s dagger in both hands and offered a prayer.</p>

      <p>“Here’s to another day of becoming stronger, Goddess.”</p>

      <p><em>Remember, Makoto, safety first.</em></p>

      <p>I finished my daily prayers and left to meet up with Jean’s party. We gathered at the eastern gate and set out for the plains beyond it. The weather was lovely—not a cloud in the sky.</p>

      <p>But, of course, this was the worst weather possible for a water mage like me. I wish that we could’ve at least gotten a drizzle. Thankfully, that was the only aspect of this quest that came down to luck.</p>

      <p>I talked with Jean as we walked to our destination.</p>

      <p>“Oh,” I said, “so you and Emily are childhood friends?”</p>

      <p>“We both grew up in the same orphanage in Highland,” Jean responded. “I’m aiming to become a knight, and Emily plans to become a High Priest. But first, we’ve gotta make names for ourselves as adventurers.”</p>

      <p>“Pretty noble goals.”</p>

      <p>It was a fairly average career plan by this world’s standards, but the many dangers of adventuring had caused plenty of people to lose their nerve and give up. Couldn’t blame ’em.</p>

      <p>Also, it turned out that Jean and Emily weren’t lovers at all. Lucy had only said that to piss them off. Still, Jean had one heck of a beautiful friend. I was jealous.</p>

      <p>“What’re you aiming to be, Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I guess my plans are to level up and try my hand at a difficult dungeon.” I chose not to mention that my choice of dungeon was the Seafloor Temple, the hardest one in existence. Given how dumbfounded Lucy had been, it didn’t seem like the type of place that a bronze rank should even be thinking about.</p>

      <p>“Ah, committed to the adventuring life?” Jean asked.</p>

      <p>“I just can’t do anything else.” My classmates might have been hired by far-off countries and be living in luxurious palaces, but those weren’t options for someone with abilities as weak as mine.</p>

      <p>“Let me guess—you wanna take on the great maze, Labyrinthos?”</p>

      <p>“The largest dungeon on the continent?” I asked. “Well, I’d like to visit eventually.”</p>

      <p>Labyrinthos was a massive underground labyrinth that spanned across the territories of Springrogue, Roses, and Great Keith. Its enormous size meant that there were still plenty of uncharted areas left inside, and because of this, there was no shortage of adventurers willing to explore the maze.</p>

      <p>“You gotta get to iron rank before that can happen.” Jean chuckled.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I sure do.” It was recommended that an adventurer be iron rank or above before taking on the great maze, so that task was a bit too much for us at the moment.</p>

      <p>Lucy and Emily were tagging along closely behind us. Were they getting along? I decided to use my <em>Listen</em> skill to check on them.</p>

      <p>“So, girl,” said Lucy, “how far have you two gone?”</p>

      <p>Lucy was getting into Emily’s personal space. <em>Hey, Lucy, you’re not trying to start a fight, are you?</em></p>

      <p>“Wh-Where is this coming from?” asked Emily, bewildered.</p>

      <p>“C’mon,” Lucy pressed, “you like Jean, don’t you? So you’ve totally made some progress, right?”</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, but I’ll have you know that we’re just good friends.”</p>

      <p>“Oh please, you were giving me that ‘mortal enemy’ look the whole time I was with you two.”</p>

      <p>“No, I—look...that was because your clothes are always so skimpy!” Emily exclaimed. “You were bothering Jean. And you’re wearing the same stuff today too.”</p>

      <p>“It’s hot! What do you want from me? And hey, maybe Jean could just get over it. After all, my clothes haven’t bothered Makoto a bit!”</p>

      <p><em>Uh, they kinda do</em>, I mentally corrected her. I was just using <em>Calm Mind</em> to hold back those urges.</p>

      <p>“Honestly, that’s even more bizarre,” remarked Emily. “Could it be that he’s not into girls?”</p>

      <p><em>Wow, rude. I’m </em>highly<em> into girls, for the record.</em></p>

      <p>“Oh no,” Lucy fretted. “If Makoto likes men, then where does that leave me?”</p>

      <p>Lucy was worrying about something absolutely outside of the realm of possibility. Dumbass.</p>

      <p>“Well, how about you?” shot back Emily. “How far have you and Makoto gotten?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Nowhere, of course! We only formed our party a few weeks ago.”</p>

      <p>“I dunno, you two seem awfully close for a party that new. Rumors around the guild say that you’ve been training together until late at night—just the two of you.”</p>

      <p>“Wait... You really think so?”</p>

      <p><em>Wait, she really thinks so?</em></p>

      <p>“I do. And I think that the next victim of Lucy the wicked witch may end up being our poor little otherworlder mage.”</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna hit you.”</p>

      <p>“You’re the one who made it weird first!” huffed Emily.</p>

      <p>I decided to refrain from listening any further. Too much danger involved.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>After a bit more walking...</p>

      <p>“Isn’t that it?” asked Lucy as she pointed to something. We all looked in that direction.</p>

      <p>“Where?” questioned Emily.</p>

      <p>“I can’t see anything,” said Jean as he squinted.</p>

      <p>“Guess I’ll use my <em>Clairvoyance</em> skill,” I said. When I investigated using the skill, I did indeed see a small bovine-looking dot. It was beyond the range of my <em>Scout</em> skill though, so I couldn’t tell if it was the exact monster we were after.</p>

      <p>“I’m impressed that you can see that far,” I commended Lucy. Not even my <em>Clairvoyance</em> skill could totally pinpoint our target.</p>

      <p>“Elves have great eyesight,” boasted Lucy, puffing out her chest.</p>

      <p>“So, what do we do?” I asked the party.</p>

      <p>Lucy crossed her arms and declared, “I’ll chargrill it with magic!”</p>

      <p>“It’s five hundred mels away. Can you even hit it?” Jean sounded doubtful.</p>

      <p>“No way she can,” said Emily decisively.</p>

      <p>“What are you talking about?” shouted Lucy. “I’m the only one here who can use long-range magic!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, but you’ve got zero control over it,” I told her. I’d seen my share of Lucy’s spells. I knew that this distance was way beyond her abilities.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be a decoy,” I said as I unsheathed my dagger and prepared for a fight. “It’s not like I’ll be of any use when it comes to damage.”</p>

      <p>The weather was still lovely; there wasn’t a cloud in the sky nor a puddle on the ground. All I had was my dagger and my weak spells, so I couldn’t hope that any attack of mine would make a raging bison even flinch.</p>

      <p>“Will you be all right, Makoto?” asked Lucy with a look of worry on her face.</p>

      <p>“I can be pretty tricky with my skills. I’ll draw it over here. From there, Lucy can weaken it with her magic, and Jean can finish it off with his enchanted sword.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll cast some support magic to increase Lucy and Jean’s attack power,” suggested Emily.</p>

      <p>“Sounds like we’ve got a plan,” I said. “Okay, Lucy, start your incantation.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, Makoto!” said Emily. “Let me put a defense spell on you.”</p>

      <p>I let Emily cast a buff on me. Okay, here goes.</p>

      <p>I cautiously approached the raging bison; to be safe, I made sure to activate my <em>Stealth</em> skill beforehand. As I drew closer, the monster’s massive size became more and more apparent. The raging bison was about as long as a mid-sized bus. If that thing decided to ram into a human, they would get launched away like a leaf.</p>

      <p>Given that it continued to lazily graze on grass, it seemed like the bison hadn’t noticed me yet. I figured that Lucy’s incantation should’ve finished by now, so I turned back to my party. Jean had his hands raised, which was the sign that they were ready.</p>

      <p><em>All right</em>, I thought. <em>Let’s get started.</em></p>

      <p>I turned off my <em>Stealth</em> skill.</p>

      <p>The raging bison gave me a small glance. It noticed me, but it wasn’t on guard yet. I picked up a stone from the ground and activated my <em>Throw</em> skill. This was one of my <em>Traveler</em> skills, and it made sure that anything I threw would always hit its mark. Unfortunately, the damage it dealt was almost nothing. There was pretty much only one thing the skill was good for: catching an opponent’s attention.</p>

      <p>“Heave-ho!” I threw the stone with as much force as I could muster.</p>

      <p>“Strike!” The stone hit the raging bison right on the nose with every ounce of force that I put into it. The bison bellowed out a furious roar and glared at me.</p>

      <p><em>Here we go!</em> I thought. <em>Now I just have to lead it toward the party.</em></p>

      <p>Time for my <em>Flee</em> skill! I ran back to my teammates at full speed with the raging bison hot on my tail. Wait, was this guy faster than I expected? It was chasing after me even more quickly than the big ogre had. And unlike in the forest, there was nothing I could use to obstruct its path. It was gonna catch up to me soon.</p>

      <p>I turned my head to check and saw the raging bison stirring up a cloud of dirt and dust as it charged straight at me. Whew, this fella was really coming. If it hit me, I’d end up in a hospital bed with every bone in my body broken. If I didn’t die on impact, that is.</p>

      <p>Time for my <em>Dodge</em> skill! I activated it right before the bison would’ve struck me. A black mass of pure destruction passed by before my eyes with a <em>whoosh</em>. I felt like a matador. Looking over to the bison, I tried to plan on when I should use my <em>Dodge</em> skill again.</p>

      <p>The bison was coming right for...</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>Not me?</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” Lucy blurted out in complete surprise.</p>

      <p>Uh oh. The color red tends to trigger a raging bison’s rage... And Lucy had red hair <em>and</em> a red cloak.</p>

      <p>“Oops.”</p>

      <p>Guess it acquired a new target.</p>

      <p>“It’s coming this way!” shouted Jean.</p>

      <p>“Eeek! <em>Fire Magic: Fireball</em>!” Lucy activated her spell. The giant ball of flame hurtled toward the beast.</p>

      <p>“That was too early!” I screamed. Raging bison can’t change direction once they start running; if you were to cast a spell once it had already started charging, your attack would be a guaranteed hit. But if a bison hadn’t started its rush, then it could obviously dodge the spell.</p>

      <p>The raging bison evaded the fireball with ease. It was now kicking up its hind legs in preparation for another charge right at Lucy.</p>

      <p>“Aaaaaahhh!!!” she screamed.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, cool it! Just start incanting again! Hurry!!!”</p>

      <p>Lucy panicked; Emily tried to calm her down. But they didn’t have enough time. The raging bison was already tucking its head, making its intentions very clear.</p>

      <p>“Here it comes!” Jean warned. He set up his shield, but that wouldn’t stop this monster. I had no choice, so I concentrated my mana.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ice Floor</em>!”</p>

      <p>I froze the ground where the raging bison stood, causing it to slip and tumble over. It made a somewhat dumbfounded moo as it crashed to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Makoto,” asked Jean as he rushed over to me, “was that your magic?!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah!” I answered. “Don’t expect a second one, though! I don’t have the mana for it!”</p>

      <p>“You serious?! How is your mana <em>that</em> low?!”</p>

      <p>“Quit whining!” I barked.</p>

      <p>Jean turned to Lucy. “Hey! Do another <em>Fireball</em>!”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay, got it!” Lucy responded.</p>

      <p>“<em>Wind Blade</em>!” Jean swung his sword and hit the raging bison in the side with a magical slash. It sounded like the strike had dug deep, and the bison did start bleeding, but...</p>

      <p>“Doesn’t look like it had much effect,” I noted. The bison hadn’t lost a bit of its rage. It snorted heavily, readying to charge at us yet again.</p>

      <p>“It’s supposed to be a close-range attack,” Jean explained with a hint of frustration. “It loses a lot of force if I use it as a projectile.”</p>

      <p>Lucy’s incantation wasn’t even halfway complete.</p>

      <p>“Okay, let’s split up,” I said. “I’ll be the bait and dodge its attacks. Jean, you strike it from behind.”</p>

      <p>“G-Got it. But how are you going to get the monster to focus on you?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I was thinking like this.” I drew my dagger and started running toward the raging bison.</p>

      <p>“A-Are you nuts?!” Jean screamed in bewilderment from behind me.</p>

      <p>The raging bison was glaring daggers at me. Then suddenly, it started charging!</p>

      <p><em>Dodge </em>skill! Followed by...</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ice Cutter</em>!”</p>

      <p>I tugged out the last of my mana, using a spell to pierce through one of the bison’s eyes. Its roar of pain could be heard across the plains.</p>

      <p>“Ooh, you did it!” shouted Jean a bit too optimistically.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t do anything but make it mad!”</p>

      <p>The raging bison, still furious, charged right at me. It seemed to stumble a bit now that it had lost half of its vision—at least it would be a little easier to dodge now.</p>

      <p>“My mana’s completely dry!” I yelled. “Jean, it’s up to you!”</p>

      <p>“You seriously call yourself a mage?! All right, fine! I’ve got this!”</p>

      <p>Jean used his large shield to tackle the raging bison from the side. The shield bashed into the monster with a deep ringing noise and caused it to stagger. That must’ve been a shield skill. This guy had some pretty nice tricks up his sleeve.</p>

      <p>“The incantation’s finished!” Emily yelled. Jean and I scrambled to get as far away from our enemy as possible.</p>

      <p>“<em>Fire Magic: Fireball</em>!”</p>

      <p>Lucy let her magic burst forth. The raging bison was still staggered from Jean’s shield attack, so it couldn’t dodge this. The ridiculously huge ball of fire enveloped the raging bison’s body before a pillar of flame erupted toward the sky.</p>

      <p>The raging bull’s anguished final bellow echoed around the plains as it became immolated in flames, ensuring that it never made another noise again.</p>

      <p>“Wow, Lucy,” Emily remarked in awe, “your magic sure is strong...”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t even get to do anything,” Jean muttered in disappointment. He’d been poised to strike the finishing blow, but there was no need. He shouldn’t have worried though—he’d fought well and done a great job.</p>

      <p>“I did it!” Lucy was certainly satisfied.</p>

      <p>“Will we still be able to sell our hunt when it’s charred black?” I asked Jean. We were supposed to be making a quick buck here, but I think we might’ve gone overboard.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, pelts are off the table,” Jean answered with uncertainty. “But the organs and bones can be used to make materials, so someone will buy it. Probably.”</p>

      <p>Probably? C’mon, give me a straight answer...</p>

      <p>“Whew, I’m starving,” said Lucy. “Hey, can I take a little bite out of this guy?”</p>

      <p>I didn’t realize that Lucy had such a wild side, but the bison carcass <em>did</em> smell like a well-done steak.</p>

      <p>“You’re gonna ruin your stomach,” said Emily, pointing out the obvious. “We’ll report this to the guild. We need to put in a request for collecting the monster, as well as selling it.”</p>

      <p>If an adventurer hunted a large monster, the guild would handle transport and valuation of the prey once it was reported to them. Jean had what appeared to be a communicator on him, so he took care of the report.</p>

      <p>The rest of us stood watch to make sure that no more monsters came by. It looked like we were going to be in the clear, since there were almost no strong beasts in this area. We looked over the plains as we waited for a guild worker to come by and retrieve the bison.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I noticed something wrong about ten minutes after we’d defeated the raging bison and reported it to the guild.</p>

      <p>My <em>Sense Danger</em> skill started blaring in my head. The high-pitched beeps going off between my ears almost made me grimace in pain. I’d never heard a siren this high or this loud before. It was a stronger warning than even the one for that big ogre.</p>

      <p>“Hey, guys! There’s a powerful monster around here!” I warned the others.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Where, Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Makoto, is that true?”</p>

      <p>“Just watch your surroundings!” I shouted. “I know there’s something here!” I activated <em>Scout</em> to see if I could locate it.</p>

      <p>“Ah, look over there!” Lucy called out. I peered in the direction that she was pointing.</p>

      <p>Something was charging at us, and fast.</p>

      <p>“No way!” Emily cried. “A griffin?!”</p>

      <p>The monster heading for us was a Class 3, and a high-danger enemy: a griffin.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Ah, the griffin. It was probably the most famous fantasy-world monster next to the dragon. It possesses the chest of an eagle and the legs of a lion, but everyone knows that.</p>

      <p>I’ve always had a soft spot for the griffins that showed up in RPGs. Mostly, they were ranked as powerful mid-game opponents. I’d never seen a game with a griffin as its final boss, but plenty of griffin boss fights were massive hurdles to overcome for RPG players.</p>

      <p>Most importantly, they’re cool monsters.</p>

      <p>But, uh, are we really encountering one this early on? Look, griffin, I need something called “mental preparation.” Have you heard of it?</p>

      <p>Anyway, this staple fantasy monster was charging toward us at an absolutely ferocious speed. We could hear the sonic boom of its wings and the low rumble of its growl from where we were, a good distance across the plains.</p>

      <p>“That thing’s big...”</p>

      <p>The griffin’s massive figure was an order of magnitude larger than even the raging bison’s. Light reflected from the sickle-like talons that extended from the griffin’s thick front legs. I sure didn’t wanna get sliced by those things...</p>

      <p>“Everyone, run!” Jean shouted. “It’s probably after the raging bison!”</p>

      <p>The griffin must have been drawn by the scent of cooked meat.</p>

      <p>Jean grabbed Emily’s hand and started running.</p>

      <p>“Let’s run, Lucy,” I said.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay,” she responded.</p>

      <p>Gusts of wind caused by the griffin’s flapping eagle wings reached even where we were standing. As we expected, the griffin landed right on top of the raging bison’s corpse. And then, it started eating chunks of meat.</p>

      <p>“But...our prey...”</p>

      <p>Sorry, Lucy, but we’ll have to give up on this one. Can’t do much adventuring if you’re dead after all. We cautiously kept our distance from the griffin, making sure not to startle it.</p>

      <p><em>We’re giving it our prey</em>, I thought, <em>so I hope it can leave us be and just go somewhere else...</em></p>

      <p>But it seemed like my hopes were to be dashed. The griffin soon locked its eyes on us. They had the glimmer of a predator. And its target was...Lucy?</p>

      <p>“Wha?” Lucy stammered out, utterly shocked. For the second time today, I might add.</p>

      <p>“Wow, Lucy, you’re a hit with the monsters.”</p>

      <p>“You have <em>got</em> to be kidding me!” Lucy said as she nervously backed away.</p>

      <p>I wondered if there was a reason for this. I’d heard that strong monsters prefer prey with high mana, but could this monster be drawn to Lucy’s mana? Well, that was something I could think about later. You know, after getting us out of this alive.</p>

      <p>“Jean!” I called out. “You up for more?”</p>

      <p>“You got it!” Jean responded. “Okay, Makoto and I will buy you some time!”</p>

      <p>“Wait!” said Emily, with tears already welling up in her eyes. “You can’t do this! You’ll die!”</p>

      <p>With one whoosh, the griffin flapped its wings and took flight, soaring to the skies above.</p>

      <p>“Here it comes!”</p>

      <p>And just like that, it dove right for Lucy and me.</p>

      <p><em>Dodge</em>! I pulled Lucy close and activated my skill to dodge the assault. We managed to avoid the griffin’s talon by a hair, but it wasn’t long before the monster was airborne and looking down upon us again.</p>

      <p>“It’s coming back!” screamed Lucy. It was persistent, huh? Well, <em>Dodge</em>!</p>

      <p>“Ow!”</p>

      <p>It seemed like Lucy had scraped her foot against the ground when I’d used my <em>Dodge</em> skill. Guess my mastery for using the skill on two people was still pretty low.</p>

      <p>“Lucy,” I asked, “can you do your incantation while we’re evading?”</p>

      <p>“I can try, but probably not,” Lucy tearfully admitted.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I figured...” It usually took three whole minutes when she had nothing to distract her, and it was probably much harder to incant while dodging.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the griffin was swooping down for its third attack. Oh, for crying out loud, <em>Dodge</em>!</p>

      <p>“Ouch!”</p>

      <p>I managed to dodge again, but this time, the griffin’s talon just barely grazed my shoulder. Its aim was getting more accurate. Up it went into the air again.</p>

      <p>This was bad; its strategy prevented us from using any close-range attacks. Jean had his back to Emily as he prepared to strike, but it seemed like he was having trouble predicting the exact moment he could land a hit.</p>

      <p>The griffin suddenly screeched in a high-pitched shriek.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, was mana gathering around it?</em></p>

      <p>The griffin descended for a fourth attack. I had a bad feeling about this one, but there were no other options besides dodging.</p>

      <p><em>Dodge</em>!</p>

      <p>An impact struck my body.</p>

      <p>“Gagh!”</p>

      <p>“Eek!”</p>

      <p>I thought I’d dodged that attack, but for some reason, I was being blown away! The force of the gust was too much—Lucy’s hand was pulled from my grasp in midair.</p>

      <p><em>Crap, was that wind magic?</em> The griffin was now surrounded by wind. Are you telling me that monsters could use magic too?!</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Lucy! Are you okay?!” shouted Jean.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah, we are,” I answered. “Jean, take care of Emily.”</p>

      <p>I held my spinning head in place as I stood up. Then, I slowly approached Lucy. Before I could make it, Jean drew his sword and stood in the path of the griffin.</p>

      <p>“Jean!” cried Emily. This was getting really bad. But what more could I do? Lucy didn’t seem to be out cold, but she wasn’t standing up. I heard Emily incanting some healing magic from a distance, however, the spell wasn’t strong enough to fully recover Lucy. This griffin was smart; Emily would be its next target if it found out we had a healer among us.</p>

      <p>I heard Jean swear out of panic and frustration. Every time that griffin swung its front leg, it sent Jean flying, shield and all. It was only a matter of time before he’d be done for. My mana had run dry, and attacking with my dagger was definitely not an option. I wanted to run, but our opponent probably wouldn’t let all four of us escape.</p>

      <p>What was left? Should I leave Lucy and run? Nah, not doing it.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, put your own life first.</em></p>

      <p>Goddess, I won’t leave my partners behind.</p>

      <p><em>...Fine.</em></p>

      <p>The goddess sounded exasperated, but I ignored her. I was maxing out my <em>Calm Mind </em>skill to barely maintain my composure, and I wracked my brain for some way out of this.</p>

      <p>There had to be something... Just remember it, Makoto! There had to be a secret trick to defeating this thing.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>One year ago, I was taking a class in the Water Temple.</p>

      <p>“Now, class,” said the elderly instructor, “the first step to learning magic is to feel the mana.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, teacher,” my toddler classmates all said vigorously. I sighed.</p>

      <p>“Put your hands forward and repeat after me,” the teacher began. “O Goddess on high whom we so revere, I offer you my prayer...”</p>

      <p>“I thank the Holy Goddess from the bottom of my heart,” the children followed.</p>

      <p><em>I-Is this that spell incantation thing? </em>I thought. I was a bit too embarrassed to follow along. But still, incantations were the standard spell-casting method in this world, so I’d just have to deal with it.</p>

      <p>“Well, class?” the teacher asked. “Did you all feel the mana?”</p>

      <p>“Not much...” I mumbled.</p>

      <p>The kids around me were all raving about how they’d felt warm or seen this strange light, but I hadn’t experienced a thing. Uh, was this a problem? Was I already falling behind actual children?</p>

      <p>Seeing the pale look on my face, the teacher came to check up on me.</p>

      <p>“You’re older, Makoto, so it’s only natural,” she explained. “It’s the sort of thing that the younger ones are more sensitive to.”</p>

      <p>“Is that true?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Oh, don’t look so glum about it. Try it with me.” The teacher then grabbed my arm. “Concentrate on the feeling of your palms.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay.”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I felt some sort of tingly chill in my hands.</p>

      <p><em>I-Is this it?</em> I thought.</p>

      <p>“Feel anything, Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“I think...I’m feeling something.”</p>

      <p>“That’s because I synchronized with you. It’s a technique that lets a mage affect another mage’s mana by touching them.”</p>

      <p>“Wow... Didn’t know you could do that.”</p>

      <p>“All high rank mages can do it. Mages of that caliber take on many disciples, after all, and it’s the quickest way to show someone how to use a spell.”</p>

      <p>“Could I do it too?”</p>

      <p>“You can, if you raise your magic mastery to 50. But be careful, though. It might not work well if both casters don’t have an affinity for the same element.”</p>

      <p>“So you were able to synchronize with me because you can use water magic too?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I can use all of the elements, besides moon.”</p>

      <p>It was a conversation that had made me realize how amazing my teacher was. And for some reason, that memory popped into my head at that very moment. I was also reminded of something else she’d told me: if nothing else, my water magic was high rank in terms of mastery.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p><em>There’s a first time for everything</em>, I thought. <em>I’m gonna try synchronizing!</em></p>

      <p>I ran over to Jean and Lucy.</p>

      <p>“Jean! Buy us some time! I’m gonna cast a huge spell!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, sure! Got it!”</p>

      <p>Jean tossed his sword aside to grip his shield with both hands, and then dug his feet into the ground. The griffin’s talons came right for him. He held out somehow, and I hoped he could continue.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, concentrate on your mana.”</p>

      <p>“Do what?!” Lucy blurted. “Why?”</p>

      <p>“Put your right hand out and just generate something with mana! I’ll control it for you!”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean, ‘something’?! I can’t use anything but fire magic!”</p>

      <p>“Good enough. Just focus on it!”</p>

      <p>I gripped Lucy’s right hand and wrapped my other hand around her waist, just like my old teacher once had.</p>

      <p>“Eek! Wh-What are you doing with those?!” shouted Lucy.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, just hurry up!”</p>

      <p>“Uhhhh? O-Okay, fine, but you’re getting too handsy!”</p>

      <p>I ignored the sight of Lucy’s beet-red face and focused on my magic. I was winging it on the exact method, but I envisioned myself gathering mana from the points of connection between Lucy’s body and mine, rather than just pulling from my mana pool alone. With this technique, I could try to synchronize with Lucy’s mana.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the sensation of being swallowed up by a gust of wind rushed over me. Shortly after, I realized—this feeling was flowing into me from Lucy.</p>

      <p><em>So...this is Lucy’s mana</em>, I thought.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>