<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Typically, you can’t do anything with an element if you don’t have an affinity for it, but it seemed like I was managing her fire just fine; the alternative was being this griffin’s dinner.</p>

      <p>“Ngh,” Lucy moaned next to me. It sounded sensual, but I had no time to spare thinking about it.</p>

      <p>Lucy’s massive amount of mana was nothing like mine—if my mana was a tuft of dust, then hers was a thunderstorm. Was this what it meant to have a king rank skill? Was this torrent of power what Lucy had to control every time? It must be exhausting. I made a decision right then to lighten her training regimen going forward.</p>

      <p>Lucy’s mana was still flowing within me. I tried my hand at converting it into something a bit out of my comfort zone—fire magic. All of a sudden, a choice dialog from my <em>RPG Player</em> skill appeared.</p>

      <p><em>Oh come on, I was kinda busy here!</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Cast the <em>Synchro</em> spell with Lucy?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶Yes</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>&#160;No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>No duh, that’s what I was there for.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Are you sure?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶Yes</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>&#160;No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>...What was it being so persistent for? It wasn’t like I had any other options, so of course I was gonna cast it. I continued to gather Lucy’s flood of mana into my right hand.</p>

      <p>“<em>Fire Magic: Fire Storm</em>!”</p>

      <p>A tornado of flames appeared before my eyes.</p>

      <p>“It actually worked!” Lucy exclaimed. “And with a high level spell too!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll lose control if I relax for a second, but man!” I felt as if I was pedaling a bike like mad through a hurricane, and I broke out in a sweat that wouldn’t stop.</p>

      <p>My body was heating up! I felt like I was on fire!</p>

      <p>“Jean, take cover!” I yelled.</p>

      <p>“Got it!” Jean retreated back to Emily’s position. The griffin growled as it cautiously stepped back.</p>

      <p>“Oh no, it’s going to dodge!” Emily cried. The fire storm wasn’t going to reach the griffin; it had already flapped its wings and taken to the sky.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! It dodged! What do we do?!” The tornado of flame had just grazed past the griffin’s side.</p>

      <p><em>Just imagine it</em>, I told myself. <em>It’s just like water magic. The griffin thinks it’s safe—which means now’s my chance to strike!</em></p>

      <p>“<em>Expand</em>!” I commanded. The flaming twister suddenly transformed into a huge whirlpool. I felt the blasts of heat washing over me, even at the distance where I was standing.</p>

      <p>“GYAAAAAAWRK!” the griffin cried as the flames consumed it.</p>

      <p>“What’s going on?!” shouted Lucy. “Did you just change the magic’s form?!”</p>

      <p>“Looks like that trick I’ve been practicing has come in handy!” I said. Not that I ever expected to test it out on magic of this scale.</p>

      <p>The griffin struggled to escape the heat, but I wasn’t letting it get away; the pillar of flames chased the beast wherever it went. I was now getting used to the turbulent rush that was Lucy’s mana.</p>

      <p><em>But man, this stuff’s hot</em>, I thought. <em>I’m probably gonna smell like ash for a while.</em></p>

      <p>I started feeling a bit prickly all over. Had I stopped sweating?”</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, Makoto!”</p>

      <p>“Dude!” shouted Jean. “Your whole body’s on fire!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” I hadn’t noticed due to the flames of <em>Fire Storm</em>, but uh, was I on fire? “When did this get here?”</p>

      <p>“Makoto, turn off the magic!” Lucy frantically yelled. “You can’t handle any more of this!”</p>

      <p>“So you’re fine, Lucy?”</p>

      <p>“I’m totally fine! Just turn off the magic already!”</p>

      <p><em>Fire Magic: Cancel</em>.</p>

      <p>“Hm? Strange, I appear to still be on fire.”</p>

      <p>“How are you so calm, Makoto?! You’re literally burning alive!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, yeah. Right.” I appreciated the concern, but my <em>Calm Mind</em> skill still kept me from panicking. Once again, it’d come in handy.</p>

      <p>“The griffin’s falling!” Emily said. I looked over to where she was pointing and saw that the griffin had crashed down onto the ground. Its wings were scarred from the flames, with parts of its body even reduced to ash. It was on the verge of death.</p>

      <p>“Jean!” I shouted. “Go for it!”</p>

      <p>“Got it! But put yourself out already!”</p>

      <p>Jean’s sword shone bright.</p>

      <p>“Maximum output: <em>Wind Blade</em>!”</p>

      <p>His blade became bathed in a green light before it fell upon the griffin’s neck.</p>

      <p>“I-Is it over?” Jean asked, relieved.</p>

      <p>Next to me, Lucy had begun to stagger. Too much mana must’ve been drawn from her at once.</p>

      <p>“That was amazing!” Emily exclaimed as she ran up and hugged her childhood friend. “Jean! We did it! We just beat a griffin! <em>Us</em>!”</p>

      <p>“Phew, thank goodness.” Now that the griffin was defeated, I sighed in relief. With that done, I turned off my <em>Calm Mind</em> skill.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Okay, I’ll admit it. I got a little careless. I relied a little too much on <em>Calm Mind</em>. That curious warmth I’d been feeling? Turns out that it was coming from a fatal wound.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Aaaugh...”</p>

      <p>Intense pain surged throughout my body. My field of vision quickly closed in.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto!”</p>

      <p>I heard Lucy’s voice, but all I saw before me was black. It was no use—I couldn’t stay conscious.</p>

      <p>So I’d cast a <em>Synchro</em> spell with Lucy. We’d pulled it off with zero prep and managed to soundly defeat the griffin that was about to send us to our graves. That spell was a pretty darn powerful attack for bronze rankers like us. But in exchange, my lack of affinity for fire magic had caused Lucy’s mana to set me aflame.</p>

      <p>I guess that was what my teacher had meant when she’d said you couldn’t synchronize with an element you had no affinity for. I really should’ve asked her to explain back then...</p>

      <p>Guess we wouldn’t be using this attack again. A shame. I thought it was pretty good.</p>

      <p>And so, I passed out.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>I found myself in a dream, a space of absolute nothingness. How many times had I been here? I was starting to get used to the scenery, but it looked a bit different this time.</p>

      <p>The goddess who usually greeted me with a beaming smile was now glaring at me with her hands on her hips, not speaking. Was she, uh, mad?</p>

      <p>“So.” Noah’s voice was as cold as ice. “Care to remind me? What was the first thing I asked of you?”</p>

      <p>“Uhhh,” I wondered. I was pretty sure I remembered. “Was it...to become strong?”</p>

      <p>“Correct.”</p>

      <p><em>You know, having someone as beautiful as this goddess staring daggers at me is kinda hot.</em></p>

      <p>“Dumbass,” she remarked at my internal thought. “Now then, do you remember what I told you <em>after</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Uhh, yeah, totally, I remember.”</p>

      <p>Was it the “go get ’em, champ” bit? Or did she say she had “high hopes” for me before that?</p>

      <p>“You don’t remember at all!” the goddess squealed as she swung her fists around. “Well! I’ll tell you then! I said that you were the only follower I had, so you’d better not die that easily!”</p>

      <p>“Ohhhhh,” I said. So that was it, now I re—wait.</p>

      <p>“You don’t mean...” My blood ran cold at the thought. “Am I...dead?”</p>

      <p>“Jeez, you really need to know your limits.” The goddess sighed. With a snap of her fingers, a monitor appeared in the air beside her. “Here, take a look.”</p>

      <p>Neat magic. Anyway, the monitor displayed everyone from my party.</p>

      <p>“Right now, your cleric is doing her best to heal you.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Makoto! Hey! Is Makoto okay?!”</p>

      <p>“Lucy! Stay calm,” said Emily. “He’s lost consciousness, but he’s still breathing. We need to give him some first aid right now, but we’ll take him to a hospital the moment we get back to town!”</p>

      <p>“Makoto, don’t die on us! The town’s just a little further ahead!”</p>

      <p>Jean was carrying me on his back while Emily was casting healing spells. Lucy looked like she was in a complete panic.</p>

      <p><em>Sorry for making you worry, guys.</em></p>

      <p>“It was <em>your </em>magic that defeated the griffin,” explained Noah, “so they’re just trying to save the person that they owe their lives to.”</p>

      <p>Ah, that made sense. Well, I was glad to see everyone safe at least.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Noah. I pushed my luck too far today. I nearly got myself killed.”</p>

      <p>“You <em>really</em> don’t get it, do you? The damage you went through today normally <em>would</em> have gotten you killed!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” <em>What did she mean by that?</em></p>

      <p>“Look at this,” the goddess said as she pulled out a single Soul Book.</p>

      <p>“Wait, isn’t this mine?” I asked. “Don’t take my stuff when I’m not looking.”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, what’s a little property sharing between friends? Anyway, look right here.”</p>

      <p>The goddess grabbed my shoulder and held me close. <em>Um, again, personal space.</em></p>

      <p>“Stop sweating the small stuff already,” she griped good-naturedly, while clinging to me even harder. I activated my <em>Calm Mind</em> skill and looked over my Soul Book. It was there that I found a line of words I hadn’t seen before:</p>

      <p><em>Blessing of the Goddess Noah</em>.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait, is this...”</p>

      <p>“Tee hee, ya did it, Makoto!” the goddess cheered. “Thanks to your daily prayers, you gained my blessing! Looks like it allowed you to endure that griffin’s attacks and the fire magic.”</p>

      <p>A believer with their goddess’s blessing can gain anything from awesome power to unbreakable defenses. Guess that was what saved my life.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>It had been a long time. One year and several months since I’d come to this world, in fact. But now, I felt like I was finally catching up a little to my classmates.</p>

      <p>“Oh, well look who’s pleased with himself,” the goddess teased. “Get ready, because there’s more!”</p>

      <p>“What else is there?”</p>

      <p>“Look right here!”</p>

      <p>I followed Noah’s index finger to find another word that I wasn’t too familiar with.</p>

      <p>“Elementaler?” If I remembered correctly, that skill was something that elves and dwarves had. Lucy had it too, I think.</p>

      <p>“Yes, indeed! We Titans are friends to the elementals! This is what we call a ‘gift skill’ from yours truly!”</p>

      <p>“Elementaler... So, elementals, huh?”</p>

      <p>The Water Temple didn’t have any practitioners of the skill. In fact, the whole human race didn’t have any practitioners anymore. It was a niche branch of magic that only elves and dwarves used every now and then.</p>

      <p>“What, are you disappointed?” the goddess questioned.</p>

      <p>“Oh no, not at all, I assure you!” That was close. I wasn’t disappointed per se, I just wasn’t sure if this skill was going to be strong or not. The goddess must have picked up on that concern. “I’ll use it with the deepest of gratitude, O Goddess!”</p>

      <p>“Heh. Well, go forth, my believer.”</p>

      <p>The goddess gently patted my head. A light then began to envelop my body.</p>

      <p>“Looks like it’s about time for you to wake up, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>Noah was beaming, and her smile was absolutely stunning. But looking at her face gave me an idea.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, Goddess,” I said. “By the way, could I invite Lucy to become your acolyte?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... More followers, uh...”</p>

      <p>That was strange. She didn’t seem very excited.</p>

      <p>“The truth is,” she explained, “part of my punishment for going against the world of the gods was that I could only gain a single new believer every ten years.”</p>

      <p>“Aw, really?” I couldn’t invite anyone at that rate.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine as long as I’ve got you, Makoto,” Noah said with a thumbs-up and a wink. She seemed a little too carefree about this.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, it’s no big deal,” she assured me. “Anyway, make sure you mind your limits out there!”</p>

      <p>“I will. Take care, Noah.”</p>

      <p>“See ya around!”</p>

      <p>And with that, the light washed over me.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“How are you feeling, Makoto?”</p>

      <p>I awoke in the guild’s infirmary. When I looked up, I saw Emily’s face.</p>

      <p>“Morning,” I said. “How long was I out for?”</p>

      <p>“About half a day, I think. It’s nighttime now.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, got it.” I slowly sat up. My body felt heavy.</p>

      <p>I asked Emily what had happened after we’d defeated the griffin. According to her, when the death of the beast had been reported to the guild—that is, when my party had reported the fact that four bronze rank adventurers had taken down a high danger (Class 3) monster—the entire guild had flown into an uproar. Everyone seemed especially impressed with how Lucy had weakened the griffin using her powerful fire magic, and how Jean had struck the finishing blow.</p>

      <p>The two had become instant heroes.</p>

      <p>Right now, there was a raucous party being thrown at the guild entrance. Given their reactions to the ogre hunt a while back, maybe these adventurers just liked making noise. Meanwhile, my burns were being treated with Emily’s healing magic. I was completely wrapped up in bandages; I looked like a mummy.</p>

      <p>“I feel itchy all over,” I complained.</p>

      <p>“That’s a sign that the magic is working, so you’ll just have to bear with it,” Emily said. I couldn’t argue with that, so I did as I was told.</p>

      <p>“Can I move?”</p>

      <p>“You can,” Emily responded, “but you really should be resting. You sleep at the guild, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, though it might be hard to doze off with this racket. I’m gonna go say hi to everyone.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll go with you, then. I have to see Jean anyway.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Makoto!”</p>

      <p>Lucy came running up to me as soon as I set foot in the entrance of the adventurer’s guild. Her face was red, so she must’ve been drinking pretty heavily.</p>

      <p>“So?” Lucy asked. “Are you feeling better? Sure you don’t need to sleep?”</p>

      <p>“It’s too loud here for that.”</p>

      <p>A massive banquet had taken over the guild’s entrance hall. Jean was surrounded by adventurers treating him like the man of the hour. There were even a few lady adventurers who were trying to get in good with the newfound hero. Always a hit with women, huh?</p>

      <p>“Jean, you dog!” Emily said, grabbing him by the collar and tearing him away from his admirers.</p>

      <p><em>Must be rough. Not that I can relate...</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, Makoto?” Lucy asked. Her eyes were watering as she gripped my hand. “Are you sure you feel okay? You were unconscious all this time, weren’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I just woke up. But hey, you’re a hero for the day. Go over and have some fun.”</p>

      <p>“I’m fine! I really just wanted to be by your side, but Emily told me that I wouldn’t be of any help, and Lucas said that they couldn’t really throw a party without a person to celebrate. So instead, I got forced to drink like a fish!” Lucy made a show of her displeasure, but she didn’t seem to think it was too bad. After all, before now, she’d never gotten this much attention from her peers.</p>

      <p>“B-But, uh, Makoto,” Lucy asked sheepishly. “Are you, umm...mad about today?”</p>

      <p>“What about today?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I mean, my magic nearly killed you...”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, that was my fault. I learned at the temple—don’t cast a <em>Synchro</em> spell for an element you lack an affinity with.”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not it. Sure, synchronizing with magic you’re not attuned to usually doesn’t work, but it should never be so bad that fire magic burns your entire body...”</p>

      <p>Lucy looked really glum and I wasn’t sure why. However, I got the feeling that her guilt came from something beyond the fact that I’d gotten injured.</p>

      <p>“Lucy?” I asked.</p>

      <p>She raised her head, then murmured a response. “I think it’s because of the demon blood inside me...”</p>

      <p>“Demon?”</p>

      <p>Lucy was now wearing an even more somber look, and she paused before continuing her explanation.</p>

      <p>“Yes... It’s true.” she admitted.</p>

      <p>“But aren’t you an elf?”</p>

      <p>“I’m an elf on my mom’s side...but my dad’s side is different. My mom married a demon somewhere and had a child—me.”</p>

      <p>A hybrid of elf and demon? Yeah, no wonder she’s so strong.</p>

      <p>“According to my mom, my dad was a demon whose entire body was covered in flames. She told me that his bloodline gave my mana a strong affinity for fire.”</p>

      <p>“How did she make a baby with someone whose body was on fire?”</p>

      <p>“That’s not the part you should worry about!” Lucy snapped. I thought it was a pretty natural thing to wonder, though.</p>

      <p>“I can endure flames and cast powerful spells thanks to the mana of that fire demon, but I can’t use weaker fire magic,” she explained. “As for the spells I <em>can</em> cast, I’m bad at controlling them. I’m butterfingered. Something always goes wrong. Also, my body temperature is abnormally high, so I tend to get hot quickly.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, so that’s why you always dress so lightly,” I said. Guess that mystery was finally solved.</p>

      <p>“Anyway, I think that’s why the <em>Synchro</em> spell gave you burns all over your body; it was because you synchronized with <em>me</em>, specifically. This never would’ve happened if you’d tried it with anyone else...”</p>

      <p>Lucy looked dismal. She must have been really depressed about it.</p>

      <p>“Well,” I said, “if that’s how it is, then so be it. We’ll just have to try something different next time.”</p>

      <p>Lucy perked up and looked at me with wide eyes.</p>

      <p>“Makoto... You still want to keep me in your party?”</p>

      <p>“What makes you think I wouldn’t?”</p>

      <p>“Why <em>would</em> you?!” Lucy objected with tears in her eyes. “I was useless on our hunt, I attract monsters, and to top it all off, I got you immolated!”</p>

      <p>“You were plenty useful.” I couldn’t really deny the full-body immolation, though.</p>

      <p>“But look at how badly you were injured!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, no worries about that,” I said. “We all make mistakes.”</p>

      <p>“But...even with your training, I haven’t been growing at all. I just don’t know what to do...”</p>

      <p>Hmm, Lucy was really down in the dumps. How could I comfort her?</p>

      <p>“Are you <em>sure</em> you don’t think I’m a nuisance?” Lucy fretted. “Or maybe... Maybe you’re just keeping me in your party because Lucas or Mary put you up to it?”</p>

      <p>Wow, this was some serious self-deprecation. I didn’t think of her as a nuisance or anything like that. In fact, I enjoyed looking for a way to utilize Lucy’s powerful magic. It was like solving a puzzle. Although, she’d probably get mad if I told her she was fun to have around because I was treating her like a game. Quite the conundrum.</p>

      <p>“Lucy,” I whispered. She was still holding my hand, and I squeezed back. “I need you, Lucy. Let’s work through this together.”</p>

      <p>I looked her in the eyes and spoke as solemnly as I could. However, the part of me that was watching from a distance using <em>RPG Player</em> thought my line was pretty darn cheesy.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Wha?! O-Oh, I see, yeah. Got it, yeah, we’ll work through this!”</p>

      <p>Lucy’s face turned beet red as she stumbled over her words. Did I exaggerate too much? I didn’t do anything I’d regret, did I?</p>

      <p><em>Hoo, boy.</em></p>

      <p>Did I just hear the goddess sigh? What’d I do wrong?<br/><br/></p>

      <p>For a while after that hunt, I focused on my recovery. It, well, didn’t amount to much more than lying around the guild’s rest area.</p>

      <p>I was bored.</p>

      <p>Lucy was training hard to raise her fire magic’s mastery. I had her teach me about my newly acquired <em>Elementaler</em> skill in between her training sessions.</p>

      <p>“Elementals can’t be seen by the naked eye,” she explained.</p>

      <p>“If you can’t see them, how can you use their magic?”</p>

      <p>“The same way you use any other magic: with an incantation. But you need to say it in the language of the elementals, Elemanti.”</p>

      <p>Another new language? This was gonna be a pain to remember.</p>

      <p>“Guess I’ll just have to start learning from the basics,” I said. “I’ll check out the used book store later.”</p>

      <p>But Lucy shook her head at this idea. “They don’t sell textbooks on elemental magic in Macallan.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Why not?”</p>

      <p>“Because there aren’t any human elementalers.”</p>

      <p>Ah, right. I’d heard that back at the temple. There weren’t any <em>human</em> practitioners of it, right?</p>

      <p>“So, how do I start learning it?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, that’s kind of the problem...”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Man, I just wanna go adventuring again...”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, you need another week of rest!” Emily warned as she happened to pass by.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Jean,” I said, raising a hand to greet him.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Makoto,” Jean responded. I heard that he’d been training to take down a raging bison on his own. Sounded like fun.</p>

      <p>“Ugh, it’s torture to be stuck in the guild all day when I can’t go adventuring.”</p>

      <p>I was using my magic to float seven water balls in the air, and I juggled them like beanbags. This sort of training was all I’d been doing lately.</p>

      <p>“You sure are performing some high-level tricks for someone who’s supposedly bedridden,” Lucy remarked. But after a pause, her expression grew serious. “Hey, Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Have you been sleeping in the guild’s rest area this whole time?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I feel like it’d be a waste to spend my money on lodging. Also, I don’t have much money to blow right now anyway.”</p>

      <p>Hunting goblins paid peanuts, and the few peanuts I had left were dwindling by the day, since I couldn’t go out and farm for cash. I probably had enough to last for another week, but after that... Phew, making ends meet in a fantasy world sure wasn’t a cakewalk.</p>

      <p>“Listen, the chief of the elf village I come from is part of my family,” said Lucy. “The allowance they send to me isn’t exactly small, so I have a contract for a long-term rental.”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, that’s right.” One of those rich kids. I was jealous.</p>

      <p>“S-So, anyway... W-Would you, um...” Lucy was fidgeting.</p>

      <p>“Lucy?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, don’t you think you ought to heal up in an actual room? M-Maybe you could, um, stay in my room...”</p>

      <p>“Makoto, dearie! Healed up yet?”</p>

      <p>Mary came up and hugged me from behind. She was uncharacteristically sober too. Then again, it was still daylight.</p>

      <p>“Mary, don’t be so rough with a burn patient!” Emily scolded.</p>

      <p>“For crying out loud, Mary!” Lucy snapped. “We were having a serious conversation here!”</p>

      <p>“Come now, are you sure you want to be so cold to me?” Mary teased with a grin. She then handed over some kind of book.</p>

      <p>“Wait... What?! <em>My First Elemanti</em>... How did you get it?” I thought Macallan didn’t have anything like this.</p>

      <p>“Well, sweetie, I heard you got a new skill, so I ordered it from the guild in Springrogue.” Mary then explained that it was a real hassle.</p>

      <p>“The Springrogue adventurer’s guild...” Lucy said as she crossed her arms to ponder it. “If I recall correctly, plenty of elves and dwarves go there, so that makes some sense...”</p>

      <p>“Mary, thanks a bunch!”</p>

      <p>“Tee hee, don’t you worry about it. Good luck, Makoto!” Mary patted my head.</p>

      <p>Lucy was sulking next to me. Oh right, our conversation.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Lucy, were you saying something earlier?” I inquired.</p>

      <p>Lucy didn’t answer or even look my way.</p>

      <p>“Uh, Lucy?”</p>

      <p>“No, it was nothing,” she responded. What had gotten into her?</p>

      <p>“Anyway, Mary,” I asked, “what do we owe you for the book?”</p>

      <p>“Aw, you don’t need to pay me,” she said. “But it <em>is </em>guild property, so make sure you return it. This is just a rental copy.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. Thank you very much.” What a relief, especially since I didn’t have much money on hand. Mary said her goodbyes and waved as she returned to work.</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s a big help,” I said to Lucy. “Now I can start training my elemental magic!”</p>

      <p>Lucy didn’t respond. In fact, she seemed to be a bit disgruntled for some reason.</p>

      <p>“Uh, Lucy?”</p>

      <p>“...Hey, Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?”</p>

      <p>“You jerk!”</p>

      <p>And with that, Lucy ran off.</p>

      <p>Later, over that night’s dinner, I had a rough time consoling her.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Lucy’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>Darnit... Thanks to Mary getting in the way, I couldn’t ask Makoto to stay at my place...</p>

      <p>But maybe that was for the best. I only tried to invite him because adventurers in the same party tended to share a home base. Besides, Makoto’s a boy. If we <em>did</em> stay in the same room, our relationship would wind up being a bit less than professional, wouldn’t it?</p>

      <p><em>I-I’m not ready for that kind of commitment</em>, I thought. As a species, elves disliked premarital intimacy and were pretty reserved in romantic affairs.</p>

      <p>Then again, Emily and Jean from my old party were living together. But that was just because they’d grown up in the same orphanage. Those two were different.</p>

      <p><em>How </em>do<em> I feel about Makoto, anyway?</em> I wondered. My feelings were certainly positive—unlike all those jerks who’d invited me to their parties because of my king rank skill or my wardrobe, he never made fun of me, not even after discovering how I could barely control my own magic.</p>

      <p>Heck, he even helped me train. Well, technically, I just tagged along with the training he’d already been doing, and he worked with me whenever he had a moment to spare. The look in his eyes as he trained was as stern as they come.</p>

      <p>Though on second thought, he appeared to enjoy it, at least a little. And he always kept up that training for hours.</p>

      <p>“I’m impressed you can maintain concentration for that long,” I’d remarked on one occasion.</p>

      <p>“I can pull triple-nighters to grind in an RPG,” he answered.</p>

      <p>When I asked him, he explained that a “triple-nighter” meant staying up for three nights in a row. Okay, maybe he just had a screw loose.</p>

      <p>He <em>was</em> a really hard worker. Of course, that didn’t mean he was likeable, or even particularly strong. If anything, his stats and skills were weak. Incredibly so. Like, to the point where anyone else in his position would’ve been better off giving up their adventuring dreams. But Makoto kept it up against all better judgment, and he’d managed to earn the unspoken respect of those at the guild.</p>

      <p><em>He’s a strange one</em>, I concluded. Especially the part where he’d never once tried to form a party until we’d teamed up. It was unthinkable—if you’re a mage, you practically <em>have</em> to find a party. And Makoto was just an <em>apprentice</em> mage, to boot.</p>

      <p>“A real man quests solo in silence,” he’d say. Except I’d never heard that saying in my life. Maybe otherworlders were just like this...<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Morning...”</p>

      <p>“Good morning.”</p>

      <p>I met Makoto at the guild entrance and found him looking rather sleepy.</p>

      <p>“Were you up late training last night?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” he said. “I’ve got nothing better to do.”</p>

      <p>“Remember that you’re still supposed to be resting,” I said, reminding him of Emily’s warning yesterday.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I am, don’t worry,” Makoto said with a grimace. “That’s the only thing the doctors have been telling me.”</p>

      <p><em>Does he really want to train that much?</em> I wondered.</p>

      <p>Well, I had my own improvement to work on! I couldn’t rely on Makoto to do everything forever. I tightly gripped my staff, a memento from my days at the elven village. It had served me well ever since.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, let’s go to the southern forest today!”</p>

      <p>“Sure, got it.”</p>

      <p>Our training ground for the day was the forest to the south of Macallan. It was a wide-open place with almost no monsters who’d pose any danger.</p>

      <p>“There’s no water around,” I pointed out with concern. “Are you gonna be okay?”</p>

      <p>“It rained last night, so I should be able to make a smokescreen out of mist.”</p>

      <p>The ground was moist and hard to walk on, but Makoto was having a leisurely stroll atop this uneven terrain.</p>

      <p><em>Is he using </em>Walk on Water<em>?</em> I wondered. His magic activated quickly, without needing an incantation, so it was sometimes hard to tell.</p>

      <p>Couldn’t he wait for a second? My stride wasn’t keeping up with him!</p>

      <p>After I followed Makoto for a bit longer, he turned around and brought a finger to his lips as though to say, “Wait, there’s something here.”</p>

      <p>“What is it, Makoto? A monster?”</p>

      <p>As I looked, I saw a small beast with the head of a dog.</p>

      <p>“A kobold?” I asked. “It might’ve strayed from its pack.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, that’s a new one to me. Guess they show up in the southern forest.”</p>

      <p>“So, what’s the plan?”</p>

      <p>“Run away,” he said.</p>

      <p>“What? We’re not going to fight it?” I asked, but Makoto pulled my arm back. “It’s just a kobold, though. They’re only about as strong as a goblin.”</p>

      <p>Makoto was the Goblin Cleaner, wasn’t he? Still, he didn’t seem to have any intention of fighting it, so we ran off without looking back.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Phew,” Makoto said with relief. “We barely made it out of there...”</p>

      <p>“Hey... I’m covered in mud, you know...” Running on top of such saturated soil had left me drenched in the huge splashes of mud I’d kicked up.</p>

      <p>“Ah, sorry about that,” Makoto apologized. He may have seemed remorseful for what he’d done, but...</p>

      <p>“You could have beaten that thing without running, right?” I asked. “It was <em>just</em> a kobold.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Still, it’s a monster that I’ve never seen before, so fighting it on the spot would’ve been kinda risky.”</p>

      <p>He sure was cautious. Especially for an adventurer who’d recently taken down a griffin.</p>

      <p>“Fine, but I don’t want to go back to town looking like this!” I complained, patting down my filthy hair and clothes.</p>

      <p>“How about we take a detour?”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“You want me to wash my clothes here?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” said Makoto. “I’ll keep watch to make sure nobody comes by.”</p>

      <p>We had stopped by a small spring in the southern forest. Makoto had led the way using his <em>Mapping</em> skill.</p>

      <p>“W-Well, you’d better not look!” I warned.</p>

      <p>“Yep, gotcha. I’ll keep my eyes to myself, so take your time.”</p>

      <p>Right now, I wasn’t wearing a thing. I hid behind a boulder by the side of the lake as I tried to scrape the muck off my skin and out of my hair. I’d already washed my clothes and underwear in the spring, so all that remained was to get Makoto to dry them. The water was a bit chilly, but I sucked it up and bathed neck-deep.</p>

      <p>“Makotooo, are you there?”</p>

      <p>“Right here.”</p>

      <p>Makoto’s voice from the other side of the boulder was as calm as ever...even though I was as nervous as could be. I splashed some water on my face to rinse the mud off. Yikes, still cold.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto’s just around that boulder</em>, I couldn’t help but remind myself. <em>Well, he’s probably not the type to peek.</em></p>

      <p>Yep, he wouldn’t blink no matter what he saw me wearing—or not wearing. He was probably just doing his water magic training right now, anyway.</p>

      <p><em>THUD.</em></p>

      <p>A ripple ran across the water’s surface. The nearby birds suddenly took flight.</p>

      <p>“Makoto?” I asked, curious if something had happened.</p>

      <p>“A monster just appeared! And it’s an ogre!” he warned. “Crap, there sure are a lot of stragglers today!”</p>

      <p>“What?!” I said. I could see the horns of an ogre peeking out above the boulder. No way!</p>

      <p>“W-We’ve gotta run!” I cried. B-But...I wasn’t wearing any clothes. Still! I gripped my staff tight and jumped into the fray.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ice Cutter</em>.”</p>

      <p>“GYAAAAAARGH!”</p>

      <p>Makoto’s magic caused the ogre to cover its eyes in pain, just like when he’d fought the big ogre.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ice Floor</em>.”</p>

      <p>Makoto calmly froze the ground beneath the ogre. It lost its footing, then tripped. The beast was soon scrambling to stand up again, but...</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ice Needle</em>.”</p>

      <p>What just happened? The ogre’s arm had just stopped moving. Had Makoto pierced its nerves with ice needles? When did his magic get so accurate?!</p>

      <p>“Okey dokey. <em>Water Magic: Freeze</em>.”</p>

      <p>Makoto stabbed the ogre in the chest with his dagger. The monster’s body shuddered, then soon stopped moving.</p>

      <p>“Phew,” Makoto said. “Talk about a surprise... Luc— Haaah?!”</p>

      <p>W-Wow. He defeated it. An ogre! It was recommended that bronze rank warriors only take them on with a party. And he’d slayed it all on his own, like it was nothing!</p>

      <p>But... Hm? Why did Makoto have such a look of surprise on his face?</p>

      <p>“Luhhh... Lucy, u-um! C-Clothes!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>I had the sudden feeling that I’d forgotten something very important...</p>

      <p>And that something was...the fact that I was naked!</p>

      <p>“E-Eeeeeeeek!” I shrieked. A rush of embarrassment washed over me, alongside a flood of mana...which soon spiraled out of control.</p>

      <p>In an instant, a massive pillar of flame roared toward the sky!<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Jeez... You <em>do</em> know that I almost got roasted alive for a second time...”</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry, Makoto! Anyway, did you...see anything?”</p>

      <p>An extended silence elapsed before he finally spoke. “...Nope, didn’t see a thing.”</p>

      <p>He was lying! He definitely saw it all!</p>

      <p>“Ugh...” I whimpered. I couldn’t bring myself to blow up at him. Urgh... How could he be so calm after getting to see me naked?!</p>

      <p>“Anyway,” I hurriedly said, changing the subject, “why did you fight that ogre when you ran away from the kobold? Especially when you defeated the ogre like it was nothing!”</p>

      <p>“Because I’ve fought an ogre before,” he responded. “This one was small too.”</p>

      <p>“No, the other one was just a <em>big</em> <em>ogre</em>... Besides, the one you just fought was plenty large!”</p>

      <p>Something was definitely wrong here—he had it all backwards! You’re supposed to run from the ogre and fight the kobold!</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s already defeated, so I’d say it all worked out. But seriously, I thought the southern forest was only supposed to have weak monsters. Maybe they’ve been getting more active lately?”</p>

      <p>He didn’t seem all that concerned about the fact that he’d just defeated an ogre. Anyone else would’ve been jumping for joy or bragging. In fact...</p>

      <p>“Hey, could you keep my fight a secret from Emily?” he pleaded. “You know, since she said I needed rest and all.”</p>

      <p>“Uhhh, sure.”</p>

      <p>He didn’t seem to want anyone to know that he’d killed an ogre all by himself.</p>

      <p>“Makoto,” I sighed, “you really <em>are</em> weird.”</p>

      <p>“Why’s that?” He looked at me with those puzzled eyes, but that expression wasn’t changing my mind.</p>

      <p><em>You’re downright weird!</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>