<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>Hey! I told you, no dying on my watch!</em></p>

      <p>The goddess didn’t seem to approve. Sorry, but I wanted to play the hero.</p>

      <p>The languishing ogre was so large that I had to look up at it. Its arms were each as wide as tree trunks and coated in a coarse fuzz as thick as wire. This guy was way too big. How was I going to fight something like this?</p>

      <p>As an aside, my mana reserves were almost completely drained. I wouldn’t be generating any more water.</p>

      <p>“Hey! Start running already!” I told the mage one more time.</p>

      <p>“R-Right!”</p>

      <p>And with that, she took off just like I told her. Good. But while she was making her escape, the ogre was pulling the ice blades from its eyes. The wounds in those areas were healing quickly.</p>

      <p>“Oh c’mon, give me a break!” I knew ogres had regenerative abilities, but I didn’t know they were so fast-acting. Even a cut from my dagger would probably heal in no time.</p>

      <p>“Hey, ugly! Over here!” I shouted at the ogre. I didn’t know if it could understand words, but I tried to draw its attention toward me. The ogre blinked, aimed its glare at me, and quickly raised its foot to squash me like a bug. This was bad.</p>

      <p>Quick, <em>Dodge </em>skill! I activated the skill from my <em>Thief</em> training to evade the giant’s attack. The foot came down close enough to graze my nose and ruffle my hair, but it did pass me by. I continued to dodge, dodge, dodge, and dodge some more as the giant’s foot continued to slam against the ground with a THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD! THUD!</p>

      <p>Getting stepped on would mean instant death. However, I used <em>Calm Mind</em> to subdue my fear and continued spamming my <em>Dodge</em> skill.</p>

      <p>I glanced around to see if that mage had made it far enough away.</p>

      <p>Yep, she had. Which meant it was time...</p>

      <p>For my <em>Flee</em> skill!</p>

      <p>I activated my skill and distanced myself from the ogre. But the ogre gave chase, its face red with rage.</p>

      <p>Ooh, scary stuff. Seeing a giant monster make a beeline for you sure has an impact. Good thing my <em>Calm Mind</em> skill kept the terror from paralyzing me. Didn’t change the fact that I’d be dead meat if the ogre caught me, though.</p>

      <p>I was no match for the monster in raw speed, so I moved into the brush of the forest and weaved through the trees. After a bit of running, I found my destination: a marsh.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Walk on Water</em>. With that skill active, I waited for the ogre atop the marsh’s surface.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Fog</em>. I controlled the fog to obscure as much of the ogre’s vision as I could. That beast wouldn’t see the marsh coming.</p>

      <p>“This way, stupid!”</p>

      <p>The moment of truth. Would it go well? If not, I’d run.</p>

      <p>The ogre charged straight ahead. Good, just like that. I’d continue walking on water until the perfect moment. The ogre waded into the marsh to catch me; it probably didn’t think the marsh would be too deep.</p>

      <p><em>Sorry, but in a few more steps, the floor falls out</em>, I thought.<em> It’ll get much deeper soon.</em></p>

      <p>With a sudden splash and a large spray of water, the ogre lost its balance; its leg sunk into the marsh. Of course, its first reaction was to paddle for the surface.</p>

      <p>“Oh no you don’t!”</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Flow</em>. I used my water-controlling magic to create a whirlpool in the marsh. The ogre was caught by the leg and became ensnared in its depths. I used the marsh’s water and the sludge lining the bottom to suck the ogre in even deeper.</p>

      <p>“Aaaaaaaaaaargh AAAAA...” The ogre let out pained wails as it sank beneath the surface.</p>

      <p>I waited a while after that to make sure the ogre would drown. For ten whole minutes, it struggled and flailed underwater without catching its breath once. How tough was this guy?</p>

      <p>“I hope that worked...” I finally began to break out in a nervous sweat.</p>

      <p>“Heeey! Are you okay?” shouted Jean. He came along with his party. Looked like they were all safe.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ve just about defeated it,” I said as the ogre’s lifeless body floated to the surface.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait... You’re telling me <em>you</em> defeated that huge ogre?!”</p>

      <p>“W-Wow...”</p>

      <p>Jean and the cleric expressed just how astonished they were.</p>

      <p>“Th-Thank you,” the mage said to me.</p>

      <p>“Uh, well, guess we should take its head back with us,” said Jean as he scratched his neck in annoyance. He swiftly beheaded the ogre I’d taken out.</p>

      <p>After that, we avoided the rest of the monsters and returned to the guild. Phew, I was beat. I decided I’d be going to sleep early that night.</p>

      <p>“Hey, fellas, take a gander at this ogre! This big guy makes any other look like a runt! And guess who slayed it?”</p>

      <p>Lucas was in the area of the guild where adventurers showed off the day’s hunts, and he was shouting with an ale in his hand. He was surrounded by other adventurers, all of them drunk. I was told that the ogre I’d fought today was no ordinary ogre, but instead a rare species known as a big ogre. Lucas had chewed me out earlier by saying that fighting a big ogre alone was an act of suicide, but he didn’t seem too angry about that right now. Flip-flopping wasn’t a new phenomenon for him.</p>

      <p>“Well, who killed it?” asked Mary.</p>

      <p>“None other than our rising star rookie, Makoto! He ain’t no Goblin Cleaner anymore!”</p>

      <p>The audience erupted in cheers and awe. For the third time, I might add.</p>

      <p>“We gotta give him a new nickname!” “How about ‘Ogre Killer’?” “He’s only killed one.” “Yeah, but it was a big ogre he took on solo!” “Man, that’s amazing!” “Mary’s already got a thing for him too.” “Yeah, that pisses me off...”</p>

      <p>I watched the hubbub from a distance as I sat on my familiar skewer stand bench.</p>

      <p>“Well, if it ain’t the man of the hour,” laughed the chef.</p>

      <p>“Tired. I want sleep.” I wanted to pass out, but the place where I always slept was the guild’s rest area, so I couldn’t fall asleep in this racket even if I wanted to.</p>

      <p>“Well, nothin’ wrong with that either. How about a drink?”</p>

      <p>“After all the ale they gave me, water.”</p>

      <p>“Comin’ right up.”</p>

      <p>The chef brought out a pint glass filled with water. It was lukewarm.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Freeze</em>.”</p>

      <p>Drinking the cooled water sip by sip helped me sober up.</p>

      <p>“Hey, is this seat open?” asked a voice from beside me. It was that mage I’d saved earlier today.</p>

      <p>“Sure, go ahead.”</p>

      <p>The mage sat down next to me. She had red hair and ruby, upturned eyes that gave off a fiery impression. Oh yeah, and she was beautiful too.</p>

      <p>Now that I’d gotten to really look at her, I noticed that she had pointed ears. An elf? Huh, I didn’t know she was an elf. This was my first time seeing one since coming to this world, but they’re a staple of fantasy. I quietly got a bit excited.</p>

      <p>But that didn’t explain why her hair and eyes were red. The books I’d read in the temple said that elves had blonde or silver hair and blue or green eyes. Maybe she was from a different race? I’d have to ask Mary about it later.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Pops, can I get a cocktail?” asked the mage.</p>

      <p>“Comin’ right up.”</p>

      <p>He placed a soda-mixed cocktail on the counter.</p>

      <p>“Thanks again for today,” she said.</p>

      <p>“You’re welcome.” We lightly clinked our glasses together.</p>

      <p>“Anyway, my name’s Lucy. And I owe you my life, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to sweat it. The guild already rewarded me plenty. I built up a ton of reverence points too.” When I checked my Soul Book after slaying the ogre, I saw that my lifespan had extended by about a week. Emotionally, though, I felt like my lifespan had shortened by the same amount. I think I’d be happy not to fight another ogre any time soon.</p>

      <p>“But I gotta say, I’m impressed. You’re in bronze rank, right? And you still took down that big ogre all by yourself.”</p>

      <p>“I was just lucky,” I responded.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, well, I can cast high rank magic but still wound up being totally useless...”</p>

      <p>Ah, so Lucy could use high rank magic. I couldn’t be more jealous. Too bad I didn’t get to see that magic for myself today.</p>

      <p>“Hey, that’s impressive too. I wish I could trade my skills for yours.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not what matters!” Lucy said emphatically. “Sure, I’ve got strong skills, but I can’t control them at all. How do you use magic so quickly? You were able to cast spells without an incantation.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, technically.” My magic relied on my meager amount of mana, so I had limited ammo. I had to overwhelm my opponents to stand a chance, which I couldn’t do if I had to wait for an incantation to finish. “You can cast without incantations once you reach mastery level 50.”</p>

      <p>“I know that much, but I can’t imagine how long it’d take to get there...”</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s been a year and three months since I started learning magic from scratch.”</p>

      <p>“What?” spouted Lucy. “Y-You’ve gotta be kidding!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not, though. I came from another world, after all.”</p>

      <p>“An otherworlder...” she mused. “Those heroes who came here one year ago...”</p>

      <p>“I mean, I’m no hero... Well, to be fair, some of my classmates are.” My classmates who possessed strong skills had gone on to make quite the name for themselves over this past year. Lots of them had been assigned top positions in countries all over. They might have broken this world’s game balance a little. Not that I’d know anything about that!</p>

      <p>“I knew it, you otherworlders really are something else!”</p>

      <p>Lucy had sparkles in her eyes. Yep, there was definitely a misunderstanding here. She knew how low my stats were, right?</p>

      <p>“U-Um,” began Lucy as she set down her glass and took my hand. She then brought her body in close and whispered into my ear. “Would you like to form a party with me?”</p>

      <p>Hey. Lucy? Your face is getting kinda close there. I didn’t have <em>Calm Mind</em> or <em>RPG Player</em> active either—I couldn’t use my skills correctly when drunk. Which forced me to gaze into Lucy’s eyes at point-blank range. Having her lovely face look back at me was making me panic.</p>

      <p><em>C-Calm</em>, I thought. <em>Stay calm. I’ll turn on </em>Calm Mind<em>.</em></p>

      <p>Unfortunately, I was too drunk to activate the skill that had become my old reliable standby.</p>

      <p><em>Crap</em>, I fretted, <em>I drank too much. Stop! Don’t bring that face any closer!</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, what do you think you’re doing?!”</p>

      <p>A loud voice brought me back to my senses. It was that cleric who was in Jean’s party. Jean was right next to her.</p>

      <p>“What’s it to you, Emily?” retorted Lucy.</p>

      <p>“Oh, it’s a lot! You only just got with our party! And <em>you</em> were the one who asked to join us in the first place!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, and? You two left me for dead, so I’m done with you.”</p>

      <p>Ooh, it seemed like Lucy was still holding a grudge about how her party had escaped the ogre without her. But hey, Jean <em>did </em>tell her to run for her life, right?</p>

      <p>“Look, Lucy,” said Jean, “I’m sorry about before. But I just couldn’t save the both of you.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, ’cause you two are lovebirds,” responded Lucy as she shut down his apology. “I don’t need a leader who I can’t trust.”</p>

      <p>“Who do you think you are?!” shouted Emily. She came up to grab Lucy by the collar.</p>

      <p>“Aw, can it, slut. I know that you slept with Jean back when I first joined your party since you were worried about having some competition. Or was it just a coincidence that you two disappeared that night?”</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t be ridiculous!” Emily sputtered.</p>

      <p>Uh, okay... This conversation was getting a little too spicy for a virgin like me. I guess parties got <em>very</em> close in fantasy worlds...</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Jean was paralyzed as he watched the two women fight. Was he not going to stop them? C’mon, you’re the leader here.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what’s all the commotion?”</p>

      <p>“Ooh, is this a fight?”</p>

      <p>Lucas and Mary had come over to watch.</p>

      <p>“Just a drunken quarrel.”</p>

      <p>“All right, then. Emily, Lucy, break it off.” Mary got in between the two girls’ glares. She seemed used to this. “Jean. I believe you have something you’d like to say to Makoto, no?”</p>

      <p>Did he? I looked over to Jean, but he turned away from me and started fidgeting uncomfortably. What, was he about to ask me on a date or something?</p>

      <p>“I-I’m sorry, Makoto!” said Jean suddenly as he deeply bowed his head. “Thank you for saving us!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, it’s no big deal,” I responded, “but sure, you’re welcome.”</p>

      <p>Was he worried about that? He might’ve been more responsible than I thought.</p>

      <p>“What a magnanimous heart you have...”</p>

      <p>I didn’t really know how to respond to him getting so emotional...</p>

      <p>“Makoto, please, can you find it in your heart to forgive Jean for what he said before?” Even Emily, the cleric, was apologizing. I wasn’t really sure what I was supposed to forgive either...</p>

      <p>“All right, Makoto, roast their useless asses!”</p>

      <p>“Cram it, Lucy!”</p>

      <p><em>A valid suggestion</em>, I thought. <em>Lucy, that verbal boomerang you just threw came back to wack you. It’s sticking out of your head right now.</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto, can we call you and Jean even?” Mary asked.</p>

      <p>“I mean, it’s not about being even,” I responded. “I never cared in the first place.”</p>

      <p>“Rookies should get along,” said Lucas to wrap up this issue. “That should settle things with Jean. Now then, Lucy...”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What?”</p>

      <p>“You’re going to form a party with Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah, I am!” answered Lucy with her chest held high. Wait, did I even agree to this?</p>

      <p>My <em>RPG Player</em> skill displayed a choice.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Add Lucy to your party?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>&#160;Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶No</b></code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Hmm. What was I going to do? Lucy was beautiful. But a negative thought crossed my mind—wouldn’t she be disappointed when she saw my stats or skills?</p>

      <p>“No” seemed like the safe option here.</p>

      <p>“Makoto,” asked Lucas, “are you going to form a party?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I was thinking I’d stay solo.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Come on!” Lucy cried.</p>

      <p>“Hah! Look who got dumped!” sneered Emily with a smug look on her face.</p>

      <p>Hey, Emily? You’re gonna start another fight.</p>

      <p>“B-But why?” asked Lucy as she stumbled backwards.</p>

      <p>There wasn’t any complicated reasoning behind my rejection—I just didn’t know the girl. Lucas didn’t seem to approve of my answer, though.</p>

      <p>“Makoto. I think you’re going to have a lot of trouble in the long run as a solo apprentice mage,” said Lucas.</p>

      <p>“I was just gonna take it slow. I’m fine with staying at bronze rank for a while.”</p>

      <p>“No, see, you didn’t ‘take it slow’—that big ogre was way beyond what bronze rank adventurers should be able to handle in the first place...”</p>

      <p>“Anyway, my stats are low too,” I added. “Lucy’s gonna get disappointed.” I showed Lucy my Soul Book to prove my point.</p>

      <p>“What the heck are these stats?!” Lucy exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto... You’ve really been adventuring like this?” asked Jean, dumbfounded. “You can’t even swing a sword...”</p>

      <p>Emily was similarly shocked: “Wait... A 3 in Magic? Are... Are you even a mage?”</p>

      <p>Aw, can it. Also, Jean and Emily, I never said you could read my Soul Book too. Eyes to yourselves! I’ll sue.</p>

      <p>“See? Aren’t his stats awful? But widdle Makoto’s been doing his best solo. Good boy, Makoto.” Mary patted my head to comfort me. Was this supposed to be a compliment?</p>

      <p>“You’ve got no Strength, no Stamina, and no Magic,” noted Lucas as he chugged a beer. “All ya got is a stupid high magic mastery!”</p>

      <p>“Whaaaa?! You’ve got a 90 in water magic mastery! H-How...” Lucy looked at me like I was some sort of freak. Kinda rude.</p>

      <p>“I don’t have a lot of mana, so all I can do is get creative with how I use what I’ve got.” I’d been training my mastery like crazy this past year for a reason.</p>

      <p>“So that’s why you led the big ogre to a body of water to defeat it?” asked Jean, sounding a bit impressed.</p>

      <p>“Anyway, Lucy,” I continued, “I think you get the point, so you oughta ask someone else.”</p>

      <p>“H-Hold on! I don’t mind, really!” Well now, I didn’t expect her to persist even after I showed her my stats.</p>

      <p>“Think about it, Makoto,” pleaded Lucy. “My <em>Fire Magic (King Rank)</em> skill would totally come in handy!”</p>

      <p>“King rank, huh? That’s impressive...” Even my classmates rarely had skills that strong. Her magic was something rare, all right.</p>

      <p>I turned the idea over in my mind. To be honest, I’d given up on ever forming a party back when I was training at the Water Temple. After my stats had been mocked so many times, I was prepared to stay solo forever.</p>

      <p>“But, Lucy, aren’t there plenty of others who’d take you?” She was a mage with a king rank skill. I figured other parties would be tripping over themselves to add her strength to their team, but Lucy just looked down.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s not the issue. At my level, I can choose which party to join myself.”</p>

      <p>“Since when?” butted in Emily. “You don’t last a month in any party you join before getting kicked out. You’re famous for being nothing but trouble.”</p>

      <p>“Do you <em>ever</em> shut up?!” Lucy snapped.</p>

      <p>“Hey, it’s the truth!”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Emily stood their ground like cats hissing at each other.</p>

      <p>“All right, you two, I think you need some drinks.” Mary took Jean and Emily away.</p>

      <p>Thank you, Mary.</p>

      <p>“Lucy has powerful skills,” Lucas explained, “but she still can’t quite control them.”</p>

      <p>“It’s true that I haven’t been able to stick with a party before, but I think I’d feel comfortable if I were with you,” Lucy clarified.</p>

      <p>Hmm. Comfortable, huh? An apprentice mage with dumpster-tier stats and a mage who couldn’t control her skills. It sounded pretty unbalanced to me—we’d be a two-person party with two magic roles.</p>

      <p>“You do realize that I’m an apprentice mage, right?” I asked dubiously.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry! We can train together!”</p>

      <p>Lucy was being persistent about this. I’d always wanted to train with a fellow mage, though. I’d been surrounded by toddlers at the Water Temple, so it had never really felt like I was practicing with my peers.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Add Lucy to your party?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No<br/><br/></code></p>

      <p>Hm? The choice came up again. Didn’t I select “No” on this already? Were these choices just for aesthetics? Talk about useless.</p>

      <p>“Why not, you know?” suggested Lucas. “Just give the party thing a try and see how it goes.”</p>

      <p>“It would be good for you, Makoto,” said Mary as she came back. “You ought to spend more time with your fellow adventurers.”</p>

      <p>“A partner’s a special thing, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>Even the chef was pushing me into this. They were making it really hard to refuse. Come to think of it, yeah, I’d seen this in RPGs before.</p>

      <p>The ol’ forced party member cutscene.</p>

      <p>I took another look at Lucy. She was a strong-willed mage with large, sharp eyes. I’d taken a glance at other adventurers, so I knew she was one of the most beautiful girls in the guild. And she had <em>Fire Magic (King Rank) </em>on top of it—she’d be wasted on me. Getting greedy would probably come back to bite me. But my <em>RPG Player</em> skill made it clear which option it wanted.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Add Lucy to your party?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶Yes</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>&#160;No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Fine</em>, I thought, <em>I get it.</em></p>

      <p>I extended my right hand toward Lucy.</p>

      <p>“I’d be happy to have you.”</p>

      <p>“No, the pleasure’s all mine!”</p>

      <p>Lucy shook my hand with a beaming smile.</p>

      <p>And so, I gained my first partner since coming to this world.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ A Fujiwara Trading Company Bunny-Eared Employee’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh. It is merely a matter of time before my esteemed Tackie invites me to his party.”</p>

      <p>The boss had been in a pretty good mood ever since he’d met that otherworlder friend of his the other day. Seeing the boss happy made me happy too, but I had some doubts.</p>

      <p>“Uh, Boss? Speaking of Mister Takatsuki, do you think he’ll be fine as an adventurer? He’s adventuring on his own despite only being an apprentice mage, no’h?”</p>

      <p>He didn’t look too strong. The boss said his abilities were pretty weak all around too.</p>

      <p>“If it wouldn’t be a hindrance, I could provide him my assistance’h.”</p>

      <p>I <em>was</em> a silver rank adventurer, so I knew how brutal this line of work could be. I didn’t want to see the boss cry if his dear friend were injured by a monster, or potentially even killed.</p>

      <p>“No, that’s quite all right,” said the boss with a grin. “Tackie’s playstyle is the definition of cautious.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>Guess the boss had faith in his friend.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps I should invite Tackie to the Catgirl Cantina next,” murmured the boss. I just happened to overhear.</p>

      <p>“Boss? Might you be visiting that store a bit too frequently?”</p>

      <p>The Catgirl Cantina was a pub where all the waitresses were feline races. The boss was a regular there. The feline women who worked there were all beauties. I wondered if the boss had a favorite...</p>

      <p>“Oh my, you heard that? Well, that shop would surely instill within Tackie an appreciation for the wonders of catgirls.”</p>

      <p>The boss was grinning ear to ear. I found myself reaching for my own bunny ears. I didn’t like this conversation much.</p>

      <p>“Worry not, my dear Nina! Rest assured that your bunny ears are magnificent!”</p>

      <p>Ah, did that show up in my expression?</p>

      <p>“Th-Thank you very much.” Hearing the boss compliment me made my cheeks loosen and my temperature rise. I was happy to hear the boss compliment bunny ears.</p>

      <p>Other humans made beastmen out to be imbeciles, but the boss was always a gentleman to us. That made him incredibly popular among the beastmen of Macallan, which in turn made me a bit uneasy.</p>

      <p>“I merely patronize the Catgirl Cantina due to its excellent food. I’d like to obtain the rights to manage it myself one day...”</p>

      <p>“It’s not quite that simple... You’ll fail if you invest without a plan’h.”</p>

      <p>I’d never worried about this stuff in my days as an adventurer or a fighter. But I was different now. My perspective had completely shifted to that of a merchant’s.</p>

      <p>“Fortunately, those paintings I stocked for a nominal price seem to have caught the eyes of some nobles. They must have quite a bit of money to spare given the sum they wish to purchase them for.”</p>

      <p>“Is that your <em>Appraisal (Ultra Rank)</em> skill at work? It never ceases to amaze’h.”</p>

      <p>Many of the people who’d come from another world possessed powerful skills. The boss’s stats were no better than normal, but his skills were exceptional. <em>Appraisal (Ultra Rank)</em> and <em>Storage (Ultra Rank)</em> were incredibly rare skills. A single one of them would be considered hitting the jackpot in life.</p>

      <p><em>But I get the feeling that those aren’t all he has’h</em>, I thought. It was just a hunch, but I didn’t know how deep the boss’s powers ran. Well, I just had to stick with him.</p>

      <p><em>Though I’m still worried about the boss’s friend...</em></p>

      <p>I watched the boss gleefully take inventory of his products and kept my concerns to myself.</p>

      <p>And so, time passed.</p>

      <p>One day, I heard rumors of someone incredible—he’d set the adventurer’s guild record for the quickest rank up from stone to bronze <em>and</em> defeated a big ogre solo: it was Makoto Takatsuki, the adventurer.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>