<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Makoto Takatsuki Studies Elemanti</h1>

      <p><em>The elementals can’t be seen.</em></p>

      <p><em>The elementals’ voices can’t be heard.</em></p>

      <p><em>The elementals are whimsical.</em></p>

      <p><em>The elementals are everywhere. Even now, they dance right under your nose.</em></p>

      <p><em>There is but one way to speak to them. A way that harkens back to an age long ago, when the Titans and the elementals conversed freely. It is an ancient tongue hailing from the age of myths. A language that survived, only in part, thanks to this very book: </em>My First Elemanti! Learn Right Away in Just One Minute a Day!<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“...You’d think they woulda put some effort into that title, though.”</p>

      <p>I flipped the pages, reading through the textbook Mary had lent me as I chilled on the surface of a canal that flowed behind the adventurer’s guild. The guild used it as a training area, but I was here because the book said that water elementals were found in greater numbers near the water.</p>

      <p>“Might as well give some of this a try,” I figured.</p>

      <p>The sounds of the Elemanti language were pretty complex, so it was hard to get the words to come out right. Without proper pronunciation, the elementals wouldn’t even hear you. However, when they did, the effects were extraordinary—you could change the weather and bring about a downpour large enough to cause a flood. There’d been plenty of human elementalers a thousand years ago, so I wondered why the practice had died out.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Makoto! What are you doing?!”</p>

      <p>Emily had found me. I remembered that she might’ve said something about me needing to spend another week resting. Which I hadn’t really been doing.</p>

      <p>“Just readin’ a book.”</p>

      <p>“You’re clearly using your <em>Walk on Water</em> spell!” she said, pointing out that I was lying on top of the water’s surface.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, is this really that big a deal? And where’s Jean?” I asked the second question in an attempt to change the subject.</p>

      <p>“He has the day off from adventuring. Pretty much nobody but you could stand hunting goblins every single day. Now get out of there!”</p>

      <p>No fooling her. Oh well. I gave up and returned to solid ground.</p>

      <p>“I could’ve sworn that I told Lucy to keep you out of trouble,” she said with exasperation.</p>

      <p>“Lucy’s out training.” She’d been putting in a lot of work lately. Guess she also wanted to adventure together again as soon as we could.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I see,” Emily said. She then peered forward. “By the way, what book are you reading?”</p>

      <p>“A book on Elemanti.”</p>

      <p>“Neat. Think you can get the hang of elemental magic?” she asked. “Oh, but don’t go testing it out any time soon. Wait until you get better.”</p>

      <p>“I just started studying the other day, so I’m not gonna learn it that quickly.”</p>

      <p>“Hm. Still, elemental magic is a pretty niche field. I’ve never met anyone who uses it.”</p>

      <p>Sure is, yeah. There wasn’t a single practitioner in the entire Macallan adventurer’s guild. I’m still not sure whether I should be impressed by that or not. Either way...</p>

      <p>“The pronunciation is really complex. That’s probably why it’s a dead language.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. For example, take something like ‘<em>Water, Flow</em>’. Even a phrase that short would be pronounced as ‘<em>#@||?&amp;!^*}{**#%~$&amp;%+!! &lt;Water, Flow&gt;</em>’ in Elemanti.” I casually read an incantation from the book aloud.</p>

      <p>“...I’m sorry,” Emily said, “I didn’t quite catch that.”</p>

      <p>“I know, right? I’m tellin’ ya, this is gonna be a pain to lear—”</p>

      <p>I didn’t get the chance to finish that sentence. A giant splash of water poured over my head, interrupting me. Once the dripping rivulets had cleared, Emily and I were left standing there, sopping wet.</p>

      <p>“Hey, uh, Makoto?” Emily asked. She was glaring at me. Her bright chestnut hair was now drenched to a dark brown, and her billowing cleric garments were soaked, revealing every curve of her body.</p>

      <p><em>Whew, lookin’ good, Emily. Wait, no, Makoto, don’t get sidetracked!</em></p>

      <p>“Sorry...” An apology was probably a good start. I definitely didn’t expect the elemental spell to activate that easily.</p>

      <p>“Argh, what’d you do that for?! Jean just bought these clothes for me! And now they’re drenched!”</p>

      <p>“Er, really, I’m sorry. Just wait, I’ll dry them off in a second.”</p>

      <p>“Come on, you can’t dry them off that qui—”</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Evaporate</em>.</p>

      <p>I gently touched Emily’s clothes and drew the water from the fabric. Overdoing it could damage the material, so this magic had to be used with care.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What was that?!”</p>

      <p>A few seconds later, Emily’s outfit was dry.</p>

      <p>“How?” Emily asked in confusion.</p>

      <p>“I dried you off with water magic. Simple stuff.”</p>

      <p>“There’s no way that was simple! I’ve never seen a spell like that in my life. Wait, whoa. Even my underwear feels like it’s fresh off the clothesline.”</p>

      <p>That was an announcement I didn’t need to hear. Now I was starting to blush.</p>

      <p>“Phew,” Emily said, “your magic really is something.”</p>

      <p>“Uhh, sorry for whatever that something is?”</p>

      <p>Emily just sighed and ran her fingers through her hair.</p>

      <p>“Whatever you say. Anyway, you can keep reading, but no practicing magic! You’re going to take this week to rest.”</p>

      <p>And with that, Emily left. Apparently, she let me off the hook for getting her soaked. That was a relief.</p>

      <p>Now that I was alone, I gave it some thought. A large flood had dumped itself on our heads. Where had it come from? The volume of water had been far beyond anything I was capable of generating, but at the same time, I hadn’t been controlling the water from the canal either. The makeup of that water also seemed different from the stuff found in Macallan.</p>

      <p>“Did I use mana from the elementals?” Just like that? With a single sentence?</p>

      <p>I peeked around. Emily was long gone.</p>

      <p>“<em>#@||?&amp;!^*}{**#%~$&amp;%+!! &lt;Water, Flow&gt;</em>”</p>

      <p>In an instant, a huge expanse of water appeared above my head.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Control Water</em>.” I grabbed it with my magic and formed a giant waterball.</p>

      <p>Then an idea flashed within my mind.</p>

      <p>C-Could I really use this in the way I was hoping? Could the elementals generate water for me to control with my magic? If so, I might be able to fight without any water nearby! O-Okay, I was definitely trying this out on my next adventure!</p>

      <p>“O Goddess, thank you for this blessing.”</p>

      <p><em>No need to thank me. Now go forth, young one.</em> A vision of the goddess wearing a self-satisfied grin popped into my mind.</p>

      <p>Lucy stopped by as I was praying.</p>

      <p>“Makoto? What’re you doing?”</p>

      <p>“Praying to the goddess.”</p>

      <p>“...Huh.” Lucy seemed to be in a bad mood. Was she still holding a grudge about what happened yesterday?</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“So, something <em>funny</em> happened,” Lucy said coldly. “Emily was telling me you used your magic to get her dripping wet. Care to explain?”</p>

      <p>“What?!” Emily? Didn’t you let me off the hook?!</p>

      <p>“Listen... You’re too old to go around splashing water on girls as a prank.” Oh no. Lucy didn’t have anger in eyes. She looked disgusted.</p>

      <p>“It’s not like that!”</p>

      <p>It’d been a while since my <em>Calm Mind</em> skill wasn’t strong enough to keep me from panicking.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Lucy’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Mako—”</p>

      <p>I was behind the guild building. Makoto had been training here often, so I decided to say hi. However, I stopped myself when I saw him holding his dagger with both hands and kneeling in prayer. I decided to wait for him to finish.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t want to disturb him</em>, I thought.</p>

      <p>Makoto was a devout believer in his goddess. Every time he defeated a goblin or did well on a quest, he’d always be sure to thank her. That said, I’d never once seen him go to church.</p>

      <p>“After all, Makoto,” I’d asked one time, “you believe in the water goddess Eir, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” he’d answered with a scowl. “Heck no I don’t.”</p>

      <p>I must’ve brought up some unpleasant memories. He’d never told me what had happened, though.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Lucy,” Makoto said once he’d finished his prayers and turned my way. Every time he did that, I wondered how he always knew where I was without ever looking at me.</p>

      <p>“Morning, Makoto. Emily told me to keep an eye on you. Just so you stay out of trouble.”</p>

      <p>Well, I was also there because I wanted to spend some time with him.</p>

      <p>“I’m already back to normal. Totally fine,” Makoto said with a half-hearted smile. He liked to train during every spare moment he had, so he must have been pretty unsatisfied with the cleric’s orders.</p>

      <p>“Why not give your body a break every now and then? I’ll bet you’re not hurting for money now that your reward for hunting that griffin has come in.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Well, maybe I could go shopping,” he conceded.</p>

      <p>“Can I tag along?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, of course.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh? Could this be a date? No, no, we’re a party, so this is perfectly natural!</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“So,” I sighed, “I guess we’re at the weapon shop...”</p>

      <p>The first stop on Makoto’s shopping trip was indeed a weapons store.</p>

      <p>“Something wrong with that?”</p>

      <p>“Well, nothing’s <em>wrong</em> with it...”</p>

      <p>Makoto looked around at all the items, but didn’t actually buy anything. He said that window shopping was plenty of fun on its own.</p>

      <p>I’d hoped we could go to a café or a clothing store. When I asked, Makoto actually agreed to check some out. We spent a while loitering around the city, then after, we left through the northern gate and strolled along the bank of Lake Chimay.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, you’re from Springrogue, right?” Makoto asked. This surprised me a bit—he rarely asked questions.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, my hometown is one of the little elf villages in Springrogue.”</p>

      <p>“Think you could show me around some time?”</p>

      <p>Where was this coming from?</p>

      <p>“S-Sure,” I agreed, “but it’s a rural place with nothing to do.”</p>

      <p>“But there are a bunch of elves there... It sounds like a dream!”</p>

      <p><em>Ah</em>, I realized. His usually calm expression had vanished, and there was now a fire in his eyes. Makoto had a side to him that rose to the surface every now and then—a <em>weird</em> side.</p>

      <p>“Let me be clear: you’d better not make any moves on the elf girls. Unlike you humans, elves have something called <em>modesty</em>.”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, I’m not some pickup artist.”</p>

      <p>Well, I didn’t think he was one either, but it was rumored that some otherworlders exhibited the bad trait of being womanizers. When I brought this up to Makoto, he pressed his palm to his face.</p>

      <p>“Ah, yeah, I could see Kitayama or Okada being like that.”</p>

      <p>It seemed like he knew some people who fit the bill.</p>

      <p>That aside, it felt a bit strange to be a newbie mage in a party with a real-life otherworlder. News that the Hero of Light had come from another world, accompanied by a large group of outsiders, had caused quite the commotion a little over a year ago. At the time, rumors of the Great Demon King’s revival had blanketed this world in doom and gloom, but the arrival of the otherworlders had blown all of that away.</p>

      <p>Even though Makoto acted humble, I thought he was extraordinary. He’d slain powerful monster after powerful monster, though he’d only been in this world for slightly over a year. He was even setting records for the quickest rise through the ranks of the Macallan adventurer’s guild. I glanced over to that calm, composed face as he manipulated seven waterballs in the air...</p>

      <p>“Hey!” I scolded. “Emily told you not to do magic training!”</p>

      <p><em>I take my eyes off him for one second...</em></p>

      <p>“Too bad! I’m tired of walking!”</p>

      <p>Makoto ran atop the surface of Lake Chimay. Hey, walking on water is cheating!</p>

      <p>“Get back here, you!” I shouted.</p>

      <p>“Just a little bit! Only a little!” Makoto pleaded as he blew massive water splashes into the air, forming a beautiful rainbow. And he did all of it without uttering a single incantation. What do you even <em>say</em> to that?</p>

      <p>“A ha ha ha ha! Yahoo!”</p>

      <p>He was striking at the surface of the lake with massive bundles of water generated via elemental magic, which was a technique he’d apparently learned just the other day.</p>

      <p>The aloof adventurer I knew was long gone; in his place, I saw a child with a new toy.</p>

      <p>“Maybe it’s stress relief for him?” I wondered, staring at his playtime from atop a ridge. Looking at him long enough somehow infected me with a little bit of his joy.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Were <em>either</em> of you two listening when I said that Makoto had to rest?!”</p>

      <p>Word had spread quickly about the pair of mages partying like idiots by Lake Chimay, so of course, Emily gave us an earful that night.</p>

      <p><em>Um, I didn’t do anything, though?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“My not-so-esteemed Tackie!”</p>

      <p>An empty beer mug slammed onto the table with a thud.</p>

      <p>Y-Yikes... My mild-mannered Fujiyan was actually angry. When was the last time I’d seen this side of him? Oh yeah, it was the time I’d erased his save data by accident. Ah, that takes me back... Wait, this is no time for nostalgia.</p>

      <p>How had it come to this?</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“Is Mr. Makoto Takatsuki here today’h?”</p>

      <p>It was a typical afternoon on a typical day. I was eating lunch in the cafeteria of the adventurer’s guild when the bunny-eared clerk I’d met at Fujiyan’s shop came by.</p>

      <p>“Makoto? He’s over there,” Mary answered as she guided the girl over to me.</p>

      <p>“Well, well, well, Makoto, I didn’t know you were friends with such a cute bunny-eared girl,” said Mary once they’d arrived. <em>Why is she suddenly sitting down at our table? Doesn’t she have a job?</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, it’s been a while,” I said, greeting the girl with the rabbit ears.</p>

      <p>“Hi there, Mr. Takatsuki, friend of the boss’s. I’m Nina from the Fujiwara Trading Company’h.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>