<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Makoto Takatsuki Meets a Goddess</h1>

      <p>It’d been a year to the day since I’d first arrived at the Water Temple. In other words, today was the day I’d be leaving it.</p>

      <p><em>Not by choice</em>, I couldn’t help but think.</p>

      <p>“Take care of yourself, Makoto,” said my elderly magic teacher as she saw me off. “Your magic couldn’t defeat even a tiny monster, after all.”</p>

      <p>My teacher seemed worried. After a whole year of training in my job as a mage, I was still at the apprentice level. So in the end, I still hadn’t become a proper mage. Sigh...</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry,” I assured her. “I’ll use my <em>Flee</em> skill from my <em>Thief </em>training if it comes down to it.”</p>

      <p>“Good idea. You mustn’t fight.”</p>

      <p>It was rare for apprentice mages to travel alone. And by rare, I mean “never.”</p>

      <p>Someone with a support role would get done in by monsters in a heartbeat if they traveled alone. They’d normally form parties with people who filled frontline roles, like warriors or fighters.</p>

      <p>I’d been told over and over that I should join any party that’d take me, but I’d staunchly refused. After all, talking with strangers is tiring. And wouldn’t an apprentice mage wind up being the butt of every joke? Might as well go solo.</p>

      <p>“You know, we could probably get you a position working at the temple...”</p>

      <p><em>Yes, Teacher</em>, I thought, <em>I’ve heard that one plenty of times too.</em></p>

      <p>“If I do, my lifespan will run out in nine years,” I said. “I have to work hard to give the goddess reverence points to extend it.”</p>

      <p>“Being an otherworlder must be hard...” she replied.</p>

      <p>“Well then, I’ll be off.”</p>

      <p>We said our goodbyes. My teacher looked a bit sad as she smiled. She was a nice lady. No matter how useless a student I’d been, she had made sure that I’d kept up with lessons and she’d never given up on me. Even after I’d walked a little ways away from the temple, I looked back to find her still watching me.</p>

      <p>I gave her a big wave. But I didn’t turn around again—I was on my own now.</p>

      <p><em>Good luck, me.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>My path started out pretty peacefully. I heard some birds chirping from the forest every now and then, and the sound put my heart at ease. The creek that trailed along the side of the highway flowed from the spring in the Forest of Elementals behind the Water Temple. The water contained the blessing of the elementals, which I’d been told made it hard for monsters to approach. This kept the area along the river pretty safe, so roads and towns were built nearby.</p>

      <p>The town closest to the Water Temple was called Macallan and was located on the shore of a lake. It was otherwise known as the City of Water.</p>

      <p>That was my first stop. My friend Fujiyan was supposed to be there.<em> </em>Was he doing all right? That took me down memory lane as I sauntered along.</p>

      <p>I had my <em>Scout</em> and <em>Stealth</em> skills active the whole time to make sure I wouldn’t meet or be noticed by any monsters. My <em>Scout</em> skill’s range was a radius of about a hundred meters. Incidentally, Kawamoto, my classmate who had the <em>Sage</em> skill, could <em>Scout</em> over a radius of around five kilometers. Fifty times further out than mine.</p>

      <p><em>Life isn’t fair...</em></p>

      <p>Still, my <em>Scout</em> skill was good enough to at least detect any monsters in the forest along the river. I proceeded down the highway with caution as I kept my skill active.</p>

      <p>Or, at least, I had caution at first...but all I found as I continued walking was the peaceful scenery of a country road. Kinda dull. I got sick of looking at the endless forest, highway, and creek. And the town was still a long ways away.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe I could...do some training?</em></p>

      <p>I decided to do the same exercises that I did every day at the temple to raise my water magic mastery. I relaxed my mind and concentrated my mana.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Waterball</em>,<em> gather seven</em>,” I whispered.</p>

      <p>With that, I made a waterball that was about as large as a volleyball using the water in the creek. I didn’t have nearly enough mana to generate seven waterballs at once; I’d run out in an instant if I tried. But you barely needed any mana to control water that already existed nearby—that came down to the level of one’s mastery when casting the spell. They said you could control matter using the mana floating within this world’s atmosphere.</p>

      <p>The more a user practiced their magic, the higher their mastery would rise. Skills could also grow stronger with higher masteries. High-level masteries meant generating quicker and controlling better, so there was no downside to raising them as high as possible.</p>

      <p>That was why I’d never skipped a day of training this past year. My teacher had even given me the seal of approval, saying that my mastery of water magic was above an advanced level...even if said magic’s strength was still low rank.</p>

      <p><em>Which is kind of a fatal flaw... Hm?</em></p>

      <p>My thoughts were interrupted as my <em>Scout</em> skill picked up something. It was in the forest, just a little ways off the road.</p>

      <p>Was a human being attacked by monsters? I kept my <em>Stealth</em> skill active as I quietly approached. Within the forest, I found a horse-drawn carriage surrounded by a group of goblins. A man who seemed to be a merchant was stuck in the center and attempting to fend them off with a sword. There were about ten goblins there, so the merchant was clearly at a disadvantage.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm... Should I help him, or should I keep hiding?</em> If this were a game, I’d come to the rescue without a second thought. Goblin-slaying missions were practically tutorials.</p>

      <p><em>If I were the main character, anyway...</em></p>

      <p>Unfortunately, the fantasy world I’d found myself in was a dog-eat-dog one. If you died, there was no coming back.</p>

      <p>If I hadn’t mentioned it by now, this world had no video game mechanics that brought people back to life. People didn’t wake up at the last inn they’d visited with half their money gone. Death was the curtain call; your life was over. And I was an apprentice mage of the weakest element of them all: water magic.</p>

      <p>“This is rough... I mean, my teacher did say to run if I found any monsters...”</p>

      <p>On the other hand, well, just look. Someone was being attacked by monsters right before my eyes. I couldn’t live with myself if I let him die. Although it’d defeat the purpose if I died too...</p>

      <p><em>Hmm... What should I do...</em></p>

      <p>I went back and forth... Meanwhile, the goblins were creeping ever closer to the merchant.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, a selection screen—like one you’d see in a video game—popped up before my eyes.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Do you wish to save the merchant?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No<br/><br/></code></p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>What was I looking at? I’d never seen this before. Was this the effect of my <em>RPG Player</em> skill? Wait, was this really what that skill did? Was I supposed to pick an option? I scratched my cheek, feeling bashful.</p>

      <p>...This skill really knew how to cut to the chase. Well, I wouldn’t be much of an RPG player if I picked “No,” now would I?</p>

      <p>I slammed that “Yes” button.</p>

      <p>“All right, here goes my first battle encounter!”</p>

      <p>I slowly approached the goblins and concentrated my mana. I steadied my aim to make sure I wouldn’t hit the merchant and then shot off my low rank spell—<em>Water Magic: Ice Arrow</em>. The waterballs I’d made for training turned into arrows of ice and hurtled toward the goblins.</p>

      <p>Each one was a bull’s-eye! But unfortunately...</p>

      <p><em>Of course that won’t beat them!</em></p>

      <p>The goblins were bleeding, but they were far from knocked out. Maybe it was because of my distance, or maybe it was because my shots were that weak. Either way, I had their attention.</p>

      <p>“Hey,” I shouted to the merchant, “are you okay?”</p>

      <p>“An adventurer? P-Please, save me!”</p>

      <p>“Got it.” I kept my answer short and sweet.</p>

      <p>I typically kept my <em>Calm Mind</em> skill running at 50%, but this situation called for its maximum setting of 99%. All idle thoughts vanished. I had pretty much no stress or fear while using this skill. I concentrated only on defeating my opponents.</p>

      <p>The closest and largest of the goblins came toward me. Specifically, it was a higher-level species of goblin known as a hobgoblin. That must have been their leader. It was about two meters tall too. Pretty big guy.</p>

      <p>The rest of the goblins continued to surround the merchant and his carriage while the hobgoblin used a single hand to draw a rusty, blackened dagger. I’d probably catch tetanus if that thing cut me, so uh, I definitely didn’t want to take on that goblin up close. I stood at the very edge of its dagger’s range as I concentrated my mana.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ice Needle</em>!”</p>

      <p>“Gyagh!”</p>

      <p>The water magic stabbed the hobgoblin in the eyes.</p>

      <p>Launching toothpick-sized ice needles into an enemy’s eyeballs was an original spell of mine. The magic itself might’ve been unimpressive, but it’d have an impact on any creature that relied on eyesight. Best of all, it let me conserve my mana.</p>

      <p>I took caution in case the enemy started swinging its weapon around at random, but it just dropped the dagger to cover his eyes.</p>

      <p><em>Perfect!</em> I thought. Not wanting to let an opportunity slip away, I grabbed the dagger the hobgoblin had dropped.</p>

      <p><em>But... Hmmm...</em> I hesitated for a moment. It was my first time using a blade, and I’d never stabbed a living creature before. And obviously, slaying a monster wasn’t an experience I had under my belt. However...</p>

      <p><em>This is another world</em>, I thought. <em>Throw away those naive inhibitions.</em></p>

      <p><em>Okay... I’m doing this!</em></p>

      <p>I made up my mind. With my resolve hardened, I thrust the dagger into the hobgoblin’s chest.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Freeze</em>!”</p>

      <p>This was a low rank water magic spell that cooled a liquid until it froze. By using the dagger as a conduit, I could cast <em>Freeze</em> on my opponent’s blood. I’d spent a lot of time coming up with this special attack to make up for my deficient mana.</p>

      <p>The hobgoblin’s body gave one spasm before falling over.</p>

      <p>I had my <em>RPG Player</em> skill active during the fight and watched my surroundings using a 360-degree perspective. The other goblins seemed wary of what was happening between me and their leader. I’d anticipated that, but even so, I now had almost zero mana remaining. I couldn’t generate any more water.</p>

      <p><em>Man, I really am short on mana, huh...</em></p>

      <p>Okay then, what would the goblins do now that they’d lost their leader? I was hoping they’d choose to flee... Nope, they all faced me at once. Oh well. I decided to just lead them to the river. Can’t fight without water, after all.</p>

      <p>I activated my <em>Thief</em> skill, <em>Flee</em>, and lured the goblins out to the riverbank. I stayed ahead of them, but made sure that they never quite lost sight of me. Perfect, I found just the place that had all the water I’d need. The goblins were catching up quickly.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Walk on Water</em>. This magic allowed its user to walk on the surface of a body of water. I used it to stand gently atop the river. Still, the water was only waist-deep, so the goblins waded in to continue their attack.</p>

      <p><em>They fell for my trap!</em></p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Flow</em>!”</p>

      <p>I ensnared the goblins who’d entered the river with my magic. The water enveloped their bodies and started to drown them. The goblins glubbed and gasped as they desperately struggled to escape, but they couldn’t breathe underwater. After five minutes or so, the breaths of the last goblin gave out.</p>

      <p>Was that all of them?</p>

      <p>“Phew, just barely made that work...”</p>

      <p>I caught my own breath and returned to the merchant.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ A Certain Merchant’s Daughter’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p><em>Ugggh... What do I do? What do I do, what do I do?</em></p>

      <p>I was distraught. It was my first time on the highway. I had heard that the road between Macallan and the Water Temple was safe, so I’d set off for the next town with my dad, a merchant, without any worries.</p>

      <p>But all of a sudden, we were attacked by a renegade band of goblins made hostile from their hunger. My dad could use a sword; fending off a lone goblin wouldn’t have been any trouble. But we were up against ten! We were doomed!</p>

      <p>“Don’t come out of the carriage!” my dad shouted.</p>

      <p>The goblins surrounded us. Their encirclement tightened with every moment to ensure that we couldn’t escape. Were they...waiting for my dad to get exhausted? Our horse was too scared to be useful.</p>

      <p><em>Oh no!</em> <em>My dad got cut!</em> I thought. While his attention had been focused on one nearby goblin, a hobgoblin had come from behind and attacked him with a slash! My dad was now gripping his shoulder, clearly in no condition to swing a sword anymore.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” My teeth were chattering. My own dad was going to be... No, it wasn’t just him. I wasn’t any safer. Goblins...kill men. And rape women. All to have us bear their children.</p>

      <p>“I-I have to fight too...” I tried to get out, but my legs were shaking so hard that I couldn’t walk.</p>

      <p>“Gyagh.” “Gyagh!” “Gyayagyahgh!” The goblins that had surrounded us cackled with glee.</p>

      <p><em>I’m scared I’m scared I’m scared I’m scared I’m scared I’m scared I’m scared I’m scared...</em></p>

      <p>The goblins waited patiently for my dad to wear out. He was going to get killed! And yet... And yet...! I couldn’t move my legs! The fear had made my throat hoarse and my palms were drenched in sweat.</p>

      <p><em>O Goddess, I beg you...please bring salvation to this poor family...</em></p>

      <p>“Gyagh?” “Gyagh?!” “Gyagyagh!”</p>

      <p>As I offered my prayer to the goddess, the swarm of goblins was suddenly pierced by arrows of ice.</p>

      <p>“Wha—?” <em>Wh-What was that? What was going on?</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, are you okay?” someone asked.</p>

      <p>Who was that? Could it have been an adventurer?</p>

      <p>“An adventurer? P-Please, save me!”</p>

      <p>My dad pleaded for aid. But the only person I saw was a lanky boy. His armor was light and he didn’t have a single weapon in sight.</p>

      <p>Uh... Was this a good idea? To be honest, he looked much weaker than even my dad did... Could he even defeat a single goblin?</p>

      <p>Regardless, he didn’t leave us for dead. He came to save us from the attacking monsters. No matter how weak this adventurer looked, I had to trust him.</p>

      <p>I tried once more to leave the carriage and join in the fight. Wait, the hobgoblin was approaching the adventurer!</p>

      <p>“Gyagh!” The apparent leader of the goblins suddenly shielded its eyes in pain.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Had something happened? Was it magic? But the boy hadn’t recited an incantation. And it didn’t seem like he’d used a wand either.</p>

      <p>The boy moved swiftly to close in on the hobgoblin and then stabbed him with the dagger.</p>

      <p><em>But an attack that weak won’t defeat a monster</em>, I thought. The boy would prove me wrong.</p>

      <p>The hobgoblin’s body jerked up high before falling right to the ground. The boy was emotionless and calm, as if he saw every nook and cranny surrounding him without even having to look.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, whaaaaat?! </em>I thought. <em>Wh-What just happened?!</em></p>

      <p>The goblins that surrounded my dad now charged at the boy adventurer. They must have viewed this interloper as a real threat. The boy ran off in the direction of the river, clearly intending for the goblins to follow. But he shouldn’t! Taking on that many goblins alone would be suicide!</p>

      <p>“Dad!” I shouted as I hopped out of the carriage.</p>

      <p>“Darn it, kid!” he shouted back. “I told you to hide!”</p>

      <p>“But we have to help him!”</p>

      <p>“I know... But I’m sure he’s already...”</p>

      <p>I heard the sound of water splashing wildly as well as the wails of goblins amidst them. Was he okay?! I was worried, but I surely wouldn’t be any help even if I were there.</p>

      <p>A while later, the boy returned—unscathed.</p>

      <p><em>Whaaaaaaaaa?!</em> I thought.<em> He defeated that entire band of goblins by himself?! He must be one heck of a fighter...</em></p>

      <p>“Are you all right?” the boy asked my dad. “Oh, you had someone else with you.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, you saved us. This is my daughter.”</p>

      <p>“Th-Thank you very much!”</p>

      <p>That’s right—he saved us.</p>

      <p>Now that I was free from such dire stress, my body limply gave out. I looked up at the black-haired boy adventurer. Even though he’d effortlessly dispatched a swarm of monsters just moments ago, he had the face of someone who wouldn’t hurt a fly.</p>

      <p>The incongruity made my heart skip a beat or two.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Thank you ever so much! I owe you my life!”</p>

      <p>“I don’t know what we would have done without you...”</p>

      <p>The merchant and his daughter sure thanked me a lot. The dad looked like a pretty nice guy, and the girl looked like she was in sixth grade or so. Did kids around here start working this young? Fantasy worlds were rough, huh?</p>

      <p>Apparently, some pretty bad things happen to girls if they get caught by goblins. Hearing that made me feel like I’d made the right choice in saving them.</p>

      <p>“It might not be much, but please take this as thanks,” said the merchant.</p>

      <p>“Uhh, a hundred thousand gald? Seems like a lot.” I didn’t know the economics of saving people, but that sum was quite the fortune.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’d like for you to accompany us to the next town.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, so this covers escorting too.” I could accept that. It was pretty rare for monsters to show up at all on this highway, so it shouldn’t be too hard.</p>

      <p>The merchant talked about all his problems as we traveled. That reminded me, Fujiyan was a merchant too. I wondered if he had the same problems.</p>

      <p>“I think we should set up camp soon,” suggested the merchant before the sun set.</p>

      <p>The highway we were traveling on had a number of open spots perfect for camping. Apparently, the local landowner had prepared them so that merchants and adventurers could have a rest.</p>

      <p>“Apologies for such a simple meal,” the merchant said bashfully.</p>

      <p>That said, he brought out a stew which had been kept cool using magic—in other words, refrigerated food. We put it over a fire, brought it to boil, and made an outdoor meal of it with some hard bread. Tasty.</p>

      <p>“Okay, I’ll go patrol the area,” I told them. It was after dinner, and I had just laid the sleeping bag they’d lent me out on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Sorry for the trouble,” apologized the merchant. “I’d join you if my leg hadn’t gotten injured.”</p>

      <p>“I’m your escort, so you can just let me handle it.”</p>

      <p>With that, I stepped away from the carriage that the family slept in, leaving it behind.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I walked a little ways beyond the campsite and used my <em>Scout</em> skill to ensure that no monsters were nearby. With that done, I finally turned off the <em>Calm Mind </em>skill that I had left activated this whole time.</p>

      <p>“Pheeeeeew...” I let out a big sigh. The backs of my hands started dripping with sweat as my pulse quickened. “I never thought I would come across monsters before reaching the first town...”</p>

      <p>I opened my Soul Book and saw that my reverence points had increased. And so had my lifespan, a little. By three days or so.</p>

      <p>“I was seriously nervous... Good thing I managed.” My knees were shaking.</p>

      <p>“I figured my first monster would’ve been something lower level...” Like a horned rabbit or a giant rat or something. I hadn’t been expecting my first fight to be against an entire band of goblins!</p>

      <p>“But...I won, right?” I gave a grin and a raised fist to the starry night sky.</p>

      <p>“All right!” I pumped my arms ever so slightly. I remembered how disappointed the Water Temple staff had been with my bottom-tier skills. Classmates had pitied me, children had comforted me, and even the teacher who’d treated me like family had been worried as she’d seen me off. Like they’d been apologizing to me for having to live in this world.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine. I’m fine. I’ll be fine.”</p>

      <p>I’ve got this. <em>Calm Mind</em>, <em>RPG Player</em>, and <em>Water Magic (Low Rank)</em>. I was gonna make it in this world with these three skills. Like hell was I gonna die in the nine years I had left.</p>

      <p>My thoughts turned to the weapon lying on the ground by my waist. What would I do with the blade that I’d taken from the hobgoblin? I took another look at the rusty, beat-up dagger. It probably wouldn’t sell for anything. Or be useful as a weapon.</p>

      <p>“Maybe I could keep it as a memento of my first victory. And maybe it’d be usable if I removed the rust.”</p>

      <p>For now, I decided to hold on to it, so I wrapped it up in a cloth. It was about time to go back and sleep anyway.</p>

      <p>And so, my first day leaving the Water Temple had ended. The excitement made it hard to fall asleep, though.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>When I awoke, I found myself in an empty, wide-open space. I was dreaming...right? Crap, I hadn’t meant to sleep that deeply. But where was I? This felt like something I’d seen in a game before...</p>

      <p>As my mind wandered, I felt a chill run down my spine.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Like I sensed a presence not of this world.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I swung around and saw its form before my eyes.</p>

      <p>“Greetings, Makoto. I’ve been awaiting our encounter.”</p>

      <p>In front of me was a girl with a face so gorgeous that the phrase “one in a million” seemed like far too low a ratio. My breath stopped for a moment.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Who...might you be?” I asked shakily. The beauty of the girl in front of me was simply inhuman.</p>

      <p><em>Well... I’m not a human.</em></p>

      <p>The girl smiled.</p>

      <p>“I’m a goddess.” Those were the words that came out of her mouth.</p>

      <p>“You’re...a...a goddess?”</p>

      <p>The girl’s lovely face belied a hint of madness. She had shining silver hair tinged with blue, and her eyes were like sapphires. Her skin was fair and clear. I noticed that her limbs were girlish, still keeping a bit of their childish charm. And yet, she exuded a bewitching maturity.</p>

      <p>She was built so much like a doll...that I found her scary. Scarily beautiful.</p>

      <p>“Uhh, do you have business with me?” I asked.</p>

      <p>The gods who ruled this world were very real. If the girl in front of me really was a goddess, then I’d better not even attempt to disobey her. Thank goodness my <em>Calm Mind</em> skill allowed me to stay cool and collected, even at a time like this.</p>

      <p>“I’ve watched you this whole time. Saving that merchant from those goblins while paying no heed to the dangers—it was a wonderful deed. I welcome you to become my acolyte.” The goddess gave a smile filled with divine grace.</p>

      <p>“A goddess’s acolyte...”</p>

      <p>Those words brought back memories from one year ago...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>Shortly after I’d come to this world, someone calling herself “The Priestess of Water” visited the Water Temple. The priestess was a special position within this country’s theocracy. It was said that the priestess could hear the voice of the goddess that the people of this land worshipped.</p>

      <p>That’s why they treated the word of the priestess as equal to the word of their god.</p>

      <p>Her duties were typically handled within the church, but she went out of her way to visit these otherworlders. The goal was to scout talent; the priestess had the power to grant new believers the blessing of the goddess. The powerful stats and rare skills of these otherworlders must have caught her interest.</p>

      <p>The person who’d appeared before us introduced herself as Sophia Eir Roses, the priestess of the Goddess of Water. She was also the princess of Roses, the Nation of Water—a real VIP among VIPs, and the one who served as the crux of her country. The fact that someone of her caliber personally came all the way out to the temple spoke to just how exceptional the stats of Class 1-A were.</p>

      <p>“Ah, so you’re an ultra rank mage, are you? How wonderful. You shall be granted the blessing of the Goddess of Water. In order to receive it, you’ll become an acolyte of the goddess we worship, will you not?”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, you possess the <em>Golden Knight</em> skill. You shall be granted the blessing of the Goddess of Water. In order to receive it...”</p>

      <p>And just like that, she convinced classmate after classmate. Mainly the ones with rare skills. But when she saw my Soul Book...</p>

      <p>“So, you have <em>Water Magic</em>. Low rank, at that. Well, I wish you the best.”</p>

      <p>And with a cold look, she passed me over.</p>

      <p>...Um?</p>

      <p>“I-Is that all?”</p>

      <p>“Hey, the priestess is busy!” shouted a knight as I tried to question her. I later learned that he was the priestess’s personal knight.</p>

      <p>“I’ll become a Water Goddess believer! So can I get her blessing?” I’d been panicking over my weak skills at the time, so I’d felt desperate to get anything I could. Gaining the Water Goddess’s blessing would have bestowed me with plenty of perks, so I wanted it no matter what. I begged for it. But the priestess’s response was as cold as ice.</p>

      <p>“You need a bit more training. Perhaps next time.” The Priestess of Water Sophia said no more and left without turning back.</p>

      <p>But no matter how hard I’d trained since then, I never received the goddess’s blessing.</p>

      <p>It hadn’t just been my classmates who’d looked at me with pity; the Water Temple staff had as well. Once I’d finished crying into my pillow, I’d begun to harbor a hatred for the priestess, her church, and even the goddess they worshipped.</p>

      <p>It was a painful memory. Even now, thinking about it puts me in a sour mood.</p>

      <p><em>Calm down... I’m over that now. I’m over it.</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>