<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue: The Story of a Game Aficionado</h1>

      <p>I like role-playing games.</p>

      <p>I can’t give a solid explanation as to why, though. I just do.</p>

      <p>When I turned five, my birthday presents were some video games and a console to play them on. I think the first game that I played was a famous side-scrolling platformer. I tried out some others, but the one that captivated me the most was a role-playing game.</p>

      <p>My favorite game was about a hero on a quest to save the world. And the best thing about it? The fact that the hero didn’t talk at all.</p>

      <p>Every conversation could be settled with a “Yes” or “No” every now and then. It was the perfect game for someone as bad at making conversation as I was. My only question was this: why did the hero have cute girls like the mage or the priest in his party? How’d he even meet them?</p>

      <p>It all remains a mystery.</p>

      <p>Since both of my parents worked, we didn’t talk much. They always came home late. I was an only child, so there was nobody at home to speak with. My dinner was always junk food. But of course, I love junk food, so that was fine by me.</p>

      <p>Bad for my health? Don’t care. I barely ever got home cooking anyway.</p>

      <p>As a shy kid who was short on friends, video games were the one thing that put my heart at ease. Enter a fantasy world, swing a sword, shoot some magic, slay some monsters, save some princesses, and—poof—you’re a hero! Even clichéd plots like that sound way better than boring ol’ reality, don’t they?</p>

      <p>If I could have one wish, it would be to stumble into one of those fantasy worlds, become a hero, and live out the rest of my days there.</p>

      <p>Of course, I grew out of that silly dream back in grade school. But, you know, if I <em>could</em> go to another world, I still would. In my defense...</p>

      <p>“Greetings, Makoto. Will you become my believer?”</p>

      <p>There was a goddess of absolutely divine beauty floating right in front of me.</p>

      <p>Listen, I was surprised. I mean, a goddess? Coming to <em>me</em>? I was still only an apprentice mage after a whole year of training. And yet, here we were.</p>

      <p>“I have high hopes for you, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>High hopes. Nobody, not even my parents or my teachers, had ever said that to me.</p>

      <p>“Fine by me, goddess lady.”</p>

      <p>My difficulty might be locked to Super Hard, but I’ll show you what a game junkie can do! Ya hear that, fantasy world? I’m gonna give you the 100% clear, so get your best ending ready for me.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>