<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Story</h1>

      <h2>A Perverted Scorpius Suddenly Appeared</h2>

      <p>Scorpius, the Scorpion of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, was a pervert. It was obvious from the way she dressed that she was an exhibitionist, and she also happened to be a sadist. Overshadowing all of that, she had an incurably heavy Lufas complex, Lufacon for short. Her feelings towards her lord, Lufas, also included the proper respect and affection for her leader, but she also held a great lust for Lufas. Basically, she carnally desired Lufas.</p>

      <p>On top of that, Scorpius herself had no intention of hiding that fact. For a monster like her, desiring someone meant directly acting upon those desires. In a sense, she was much more honest than humans, who tended to hide their affections. Since Scorpius was like that, of course she would try to sneak into her lord’s bed every night to assault her. Tonight she would throw herself into battle for the umpteenth time as well.</p>

      <p>It was two in the morning. A single shadow quietly crawled through the interior of the car, which was wrapped in silence. The shadow, who was Scorpius, stuck herself to the wall, shuffling along it while blending into the darkness on her way into Lufas’s room. While Scorpius may have looked like a beautiful woman, she was currently clinging onto a wall with her four limbs splayed out and breathing hard. Put bluntly, she was more than a little creepy. A <em>lot</em> more.</p>

      <p>Reaching the door, Scorpius quickly surveyed the area. She knew that she was currently in front of Lufas’s room, and that everyone else was most likely already asleep.</p>

      <p>Getting past this point was when the problems started. Among the group was a singular being that never needed to sleep. Of course, that being was Libra. Libra, who was active twenty-four hours a day with no need for sleep, was nothing but irritating to Scorpius as she stood guard over Lufas every single night. Before Scorpius had been added back into the party, Libra used to sit guard outside of Tanaka, but recently she’d started standing outside of Lufas’s room, fixating wholly on protecting her. At the worst times, she would place herself inside the room in a specific spot that she seemed to have marked as hers.</p>

      <p><em>Libra’s not outside the door, which means she’s inside...</em></p>

      <p>There was no doubt in Scorpius’s mind that Libra already had her gun equipped on the other side of the door and was waiting for Scorpius to open it before she opened fire. It was a fact that Libra would shoot her comrades with no hesitation. Scorpius had been shot by her more than ten or even twenty times.</p>

      <p><em>Now then, how should I deal with this...?</em> After a bit of thought, Scorpius eventually decided to just step inside, because she was feeling pressed for time. Thinking was not Scorpius’s strong suit. She just wasn’t that clever. Using the dexterity she’d gained by repeated attempts to sneak into Lufas’s bed, Scorpius used a wire to pick the lock on the door before carefully opening it.</p>

      <p>And...there was no fire from Libra.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? That’s strange...</em></p>

      <p>Even while having her doubts, Scorpius hesitantly peeked into the room. She saw a certain perverted goat trying to infiltrate through the window.</p>

      <p><em>Wha—?</em></p>

      <p>Scorpius froze out of surprise for a scant second. The next moment, Scorpius realized that Aigokeros had gotten into Lufas’s room before even she had. Then, she felt a rage burning inside of her that completely shelved her original goal.</p>

      <p>“What the hell do you think you’re doing, sneaking into Lady Lufas’s room?! I’ll kill you, you rotten goat!”</p>

      <p>“You’re trying to assault her at night again?! Do you never learn?! Today is the day I’ll have you pay for your endless disrespect!”</p>

      <p>The two perverts completely ignored what they had just been trying to do, exploding in irrational rage at the other’s actions. Birds of a feather flock together. Fights only occurred because the two participants were on the same level. From a third-person perspective they were basically the same. In fact, they were, but the two of them couldn’t see the fault in themselves, even if they could see it in the other.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros and Scorpius both leapt outside at the same time before kicking off the earth once again to break into a dash. Both of them were mercilessly trading blows at each other’s faces.</p>

      <p>“You’re dead!” they both shouted.</p>

      <p>The two clashed at high speeds over and over again. While the reason for their fight was incredibly base, their power levels were anything but. From an outside perspective, it would seem as if it were merely two shadows clashing.</p>

      <p>This ridiculous fight showed no signs of ending even after an hour. After two hours, the area had been completely devastated, while after three they’d finally turned into their gigantic monster forms to continue the battle.</p>

      <p>Finally, the four-hour mark had passed since the fight had begun.</p>

      <p>“Why are these two sprawled out on the ground covered in blood...?”</p>

      <p>“The two perverts simply crushed each other. There is no need for you to concern yourself with this, master. Not one speck or iota of it.”</p>

      <p>It was six in the morning. Lufas tilted her head in confusion while looking at her two subordinates laid out on the ground half dead, Libra reacted with harsh words and a cold attitude.</p>

      <p>As it happened, Libra had spent the night hiding under Lufas’s bed.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>