<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_3">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>Ah, she killed a wyvern just now. Apparently they’re weaker than real dragons. But still, that thing was over level 80!</em></p>

      <p>As an aside, Sei’s current level was 35. He was at the level where he could be easily one-shotted by Virgo. <em>It’s so hard to level in this world. I want to cry!</em></p>

      <p><em>Shouldn’t it be, like, way easier to level in cases like this? The main character in that light novel I read a long time ago leveled up super easily compared to everyone else. </em>He<em> had a mega-easy time. So what the hell is </em>this<em>? Like, what even is a hero?</em></p>

      <p>“Contestant Virgo: twelve points!”</p>

      <p>“Contestant Bunny Dandy: three points!”</p>

      <p>“Contestant Bikini Muscle: seven points!”</p>

      <p>One after another, the contestants’ point gains were being called out, causing Sei to rush himself.</p>

      <p><em>Crap. I can’t even think about going for a high rank like this. I’ll be sitting at the bottom.</em></p>

      <p>Actually, Sei was working pretty hard and was currently holding on to a high-ranking spot by a hair, but he himself didn’t know that.</p>

      <p>Sei swung his sword as if possessed, continuing to defeat monsters. He was still resistant to taking lives. Some might feel exasperated at how long Sei had chosen to carry that particular cross, but it was a tall hurdle for a Japanese person. He even lost his will to fight at all against his current enemy, which was something like a cute puppy monster.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, stop that. Don’t come closer. I’m a dog lover! No, don’t wag your tail at me! Don’t stand up on your hind legs to try and play with me! Stop following me! </em>Sei thought while fighting desperately when a scream from some distance away brought him back to reality.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What was that?”</p>

      <p><em>Is there a strong monster there?</em></p>

      <p>Sei turned to face the direction the scream had come from. Then, he froze. There was something huge there, right in his line of sight. Several hundred meters ahead in some grassland was a dinosaur so large that Sei could see it clearly even at that distance. And it was on a rampage.</p>

      <p>“A-An accident! An accident has happened! A dinosaur—a dinogigant—has wandered in from the nearby forest that was its territory! Please stay away from it, everyone. This is not one of the hunting festival’s targets!”</p>

      <p><em>This world has dinosaurs?!</em></p>

      <p>Sei’s face paled as he watched the rampaging dinosaur off in the distance. While he wasn’t sure whether it was categorized as an animal or a monster, he did understand that the danger it represented was incomparable to the hunting festival’s monsters. After all, that thing was eating the monsters. Everything around it was fleeing. Even the wyvern had lost all will to fight. The scene of the dinosaur chasing them down was exactly that of a predator, something that reigned at the top of the food chain.</p>

      <p>The biggest problem was that it considered humans food as well. No adventurers or travelers had become its victims yet, but it was only a matter of time. If someone didn’t stop it, it was basically guaranteed that human lives would be lost. And unfortunately, there was a female adventurer who was probably a participant currently on the ground in front of the dinosaur, shivering like a leaf.</p>

      <p><em>It’s obvious she’s in danger. If I don’t do something, she’ll get eaten.</em></p>

      <p>“Dammit!” Sei spat before running towards the dinosaur. For some reason, the dog followed after him.</p>

      <p><em>That dinosaur’ll take a couple seconds at most to finish that monster it’s eating. So in that time I’ll need to get there, grab that girl adventurer, and drag her away. As if I’d fight that thing. I know how weak I am.</em></p>

      <p>Sei knew full well that the best he could do was make sure no one died until some warriors or something were dispatched to kill it. As long as he bought enough time, Friedrich or Gantz should arrive. Sei was confident they’d be able to turn things around.</p>

      <p>“Hey, we need to run! Get up!” Sei reached the woman and grabbed her hand, trying to pull her up. She didn’t move other than to shake her head from side to side.</p>

      <p>“I-I can’t... My legs. They’ve given out...”</p>

      <p>“Aggghh!”</p>

      <p>Sei immediately decided to carry the woman, but it was no good. She was too heavy. Rather, it wasn’t the woman herself but what she was wearing. Her sword was heavy too. There was no way Sei could pick all that up.</p>

      <p>“Hey, drop your sword and armor! I can’t carry you like this!”</p>

      <p>“B-But this was expensive... I haven’t even paid off the loans I took out to buy it.”</p>

      <p>“Is this the time for that?!”</p>

      <p>Each second was precious. Sei knew they needed to run away before the dinogigant finished eating the monster it was working on. But it was already too late. The dinosaur swallowed the last of it and looked their way.</p>

      <p>Sei knew it was too late to run now, so he readied his sword and tried to intimidate the dinosaur. The fact that he refused to abandon the woman and run even now showed his mettle as a man. Although, it seemed like the woman herself wasn’t so noble, as she immediately tried to crawl away, leaving Sei behind.</p>

      <p>“GIGAAAAAAAAA!”</p>

      <p>The dinosaur howled and charged. It was fast and heavy.</p>

      <p><em>Even though each step shakes the earth like this...what the hell is with that speed?!</em></p>

      <p>Sei prepared himself, gripping his sword tightly as he tried to calmly observe how the dinosaur moved in order to avoid death.</p>

      <p><em>I need to watch out for its mouth! I need to dodge its bite at all costs. If I manage to wound its legs, I think I can run away somehow.</em></p>

      <p>In a flash, a white form came in-between them. It swept an arc with the sword it wielded, and the resultant wind blew the dinosaur away. Its white wings seemed as if they were dancing as Sei bore witness to a white angel’s descent.</p>

      <p>Later, he’d realize that it hadn’t been an angel at all but a heaven-winged. At the time, however, the girl was undoubtedly an angel in Sei’s eyes.</p>

      <h2>8</h2>

      <p>In this world, all corporeal beings outside of humanity could usually be split into animals and monsters. Beings that had not been influenced by mana and retained their original form were animals. Monsters were those that had been influenced by mana and mutated. Generally, monsters were always stronger than animals. The difference between a housecat and a tiger was a good example. Tigers were always stronger, but when a cat was mutated by mana, it might become strong enough to beat a tiger.</p>

      <p>Mana mutation affected all aspects of a living thing, making it stronger than anything natural could achieve. But there was one thing that could easily topple that power balance in Mizgarz, and that was dinosaurs. They were an ancient threat that had been around since before humanity. Even without being affected by mana, they were fear-inducing hunters that deemed everything in their sight as food, as if to say that the strong were powerful precisely because of their strength.</p>

      <p>Humans were food. Monsters were food. Its own kind was food. Even devilfolk were food. Dinosaurs were a naturally strong predator that deemed anything and everything as something to be eaten. That was just how they were. That was why they were feared and hated throughout Mizgarz, even more so than monsters.</p>

      <p>Two hundred years ago, Lufas Maphaahl had lessened their numbers. Though there were fewer today, dinosaurs still existed, spreading fear throughout the land. And there were some especially feared carnivorous dinosaurs among them. Dinorexes lived in the north. The west had dinoacrocanths. There were dinotalbos in the east, and lastly were the dinogigants in the south. There were other dangerous dinosaurs, but the above four were especially feared.</p>

      <p>And right now, one of them was standing right in front of Sei. It was thirteen meters in height, and it weighed thirteen tons. It was an absolute nightmare by any metric.</p>

      <p>On the opposing side, there was a newbie hero and a dainty heaven-winged girl. Any outside viewer would think that this wouldn’t amount to a real fight. “Reckless” would be a nice way of putting what they were doing.</p>

      <p>But they weren’t the only two people participating in the festival. Hearing of the dinosaur, several other adventurers and travelers ran to support Sei and the girl.</p>

      <p>“Heh, a dinosaur? I’ll finish it in five seconds.”</p>

      <p>A cool-looking swordsman in all black stepped forward and drew his weapon. Even his sword was dyed an ugly pitch black. With the air of the mighty, he elegantly approached the dinogigant, his mantle billowing in the breeze.</p>

      <p><em>Is this like that one trope? The one where a strong character coolly shows up out of nowhere and defeats the enemy?</em> Sei held that hope in his heart as he watched the dude in all-black.</p>

      <p>“Fall to my secret technique. Secret Art: Flowing Blade of Dark Shadow!” All-black guy declared his skill in a low, cool-sounding voice as he slashed at the dinogigant.</p>

      <p>And it was deflected by the dinosaur’s tail as it swept forward and blew him away with an “oof?!” All that had happened in a mere five seconds.</p>

      <p><em>What good are you if you only last five seconds?!</em></p>

      <p>“Seems like it’s not just all talk.”</p>

      <p>Next, an absolutely ripped, bearded man with bunny ears came forward while cracking his knuckles. He didn’t falter, even with the dinogigant’s size, after seeing the instant defeat that had just happened. He was like a veteran fighter with absolute confidence in his own strength.</p>

      <p>When he reached the dinogigant’s feet, he grabbed a gigantic leg with both hands. The dinogigant didn’t move, not even an inch.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, did he just try to throw it? Like, no, that’s impossible, dude. Look at the size of it!</em></p>

      <p>While Sei was busy with his exasperation, the dinogigant kicked the man away. After rolling on the ground a ways, he stopped, and his eyes rolled into the back of his head. He was unconscious.</p>

      <p>“You small-fry. Let me show you how to fight.”</p>

      <p>Lastly, an older, ripped, macho-looking dude in bikini armor walked up. He ran to the dinogigant’s feet and grabbed its thick leg again.</p>

      <p><em>Come on, you already know that’s impossible. What the hell have you been watching up until now? I’m begging you here. Think of the size difference!</em></p>

      <p>The useless man with no ability to learn was kicked away by the dinogigant as well, joining the bunny-eared man in a friendly bout of unconsciousness.</p>

      <p>“What the hell did you guys even come here to do...?”</p>

      <p>In the end, the only result of their demonstration of the dinosaur’s strength was Sei’s exasperation. But he pulled it together and held his sword up. Virgo also fixed her grip on her sword and faced the dinogigant with a nervous expression. The dog monster tried to pad out front, but Sei hurriedly grabbed it and dragged it backward before readying himself again.</p>

      <p>What was surprising was the dinogigant. Sei had thought that it would attack immediately, but for some reason it was standing still and staring at Sei... No, at Virgo. It could have been that the dinogigant was sensitive to strength because it was a wild animal. It had probably noticed how strong Virgo was, even though her appearance was deceiving, and decided that it shouldn’t recklessly attack.</p>

      <p>But as a dinosaur, it was never very patient in the first place.</p>

      <p>“Gggghh... GYAAAOOOHHHHHH!”</p>

      <p>The dinogigant’s roar shook the air as it turned on the spot to strike with its tail. It was aiming for Virgo!</p>

      <p>But she’d already closed the gap all at once and got right next to its feet while dodging its tail. Then, her sword flashed! Virgo had cut into one leg before rising into the air once again, escaping the dinosaur’s grasp. The dinogigant collapsed on its wounded leg, though it was still attached. It quickly got back up, angrily staring up at Virgo, who was still in the sky.</p>

      <p>“W-Wow...” Virgo’s speed had Sei awestruck, his mouth hanging open.</p>

      <p>To him, she was gorgeous, as well as sharp and fast. It was obvious at a glance how different she was from the all-black swordsman from earlier. Virgo’s build was, in fact, a back line specialist, so everything she was doing now was her brute-forcing things, using the difference in their stats. However, Sei simply lacked the levels to be able to notice that.</p>

      <p>While Sei was busy being too low-leveled to not be awestruck, Virgo and the dinogigant’s battle continued. Virgo managed to deal several cuts to the dinogigant with her hit-and-run strategy.</p>

      <p>If possible, Sei wanted to help, not to mention that he felt it shameful as a man to simply stand by and watch. He also knew that if he acted clumsily, he might end up being a hindrance instead, so he quickly gave up on participating in the battle. Instead, he took a handkerchief out of his pocket and spread some random sand and gravel on it before closing it into a package. As soon as Virgo pulled away from the dinogigant, Sei hurled the tiny package as hard as he could at the dinogigant’s eye.</p>

      <p>“GAAAHHH?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s a blinder. How do you like it?!”</p>

      <p><em>Man, I’m barely a hero at this point, aren’t I?</em></p>

      <p>Even while thinking things like that, Sei was also convincing himself that this was the best he could contribute at the moment. Even though his stats were comparatively low, Sei had still gained way more strength than he’d started out with now that he was over level 30, and he had more than enough to be able to fling a handkerchief filled with sand at a dinogigant’s face.</p>

      <p>While the dinogigant staggered, Virgo launched a blade of light at it and dealt a deep slash to its torso. When she did, the dinogigant got even angrier and tunnel visioned on her even further. Apparently it didn’t even register Sei as a threat, completely ignoring him.</p>

      <p><em>I’m so pathetic. Seriously, it makes me wonder what the hell a hero is even supposed to be. But... This is good luck for me, you reptilian bastard.</em> <em>I’m weak. I know that.</em></p>

      <p><em>But that doesn’t mean I can’t do anything.</em></p>

      <p>Sei activated a hero skill he’d only learned recently, “Light Sword.” It was a fairly shabby skill that only doubled the strength of the next attack, but paired with the sword that had been found in the Grave of the Black-Winged King it became a strong technique.</p>

      <p><em>For the timing... Now! </em></p>

      <p>As soon as the dinogigant tried to take a big step to attack Virgo, Sei attacked the ground under it! It created a questionable pitfall just barely big enough to fit one of the dinogigant’s feet.</p>

      <p>Sei immediately ran away and created some distance. He had just made the most annoying, small-minded attack possible. It wasn’t the way any man worthy of being called a hero should fight, but while there was little effect, it hadn’t been worthless. The dinogigant’s foot fell into the hole, causing its stance to crumble and allowing Virgo to make another concerted attack.</p>

      <p>“Yaaaahhhh!”</p>

      <p>Virgo flew high into the air and, using both her hands to grip her sword, reared back for a huge swing. Then she dropped from the sky! Imitating what Lufas had done in her fight against Scorpius, Virgo slammed her sword into the dinogigant’s head with all her might. The moment she hit it, she activated La Pucelle’s ability. The slash of light helped Virgo bury her sword deep into the dinosaur’s head.</p>

      <p>“I’ll help! Light Sword!”</p>

      <p>Sei activated his skill, doubling the power of Virgo’s La Pucelle.</p>

      <p>La Pucelle, having become a literal sword of light, dug even deeper into the dinogigant’s head, causing blood to spurt out. By the time the sword lost its momentum, it had cleaved all the way from the top of the dinogigant’s head to its nose. It was a huge blow.</p>

      <p>“GAH... Ah...”</p>

      <p>The dinogigant’s huge form wavered unsteadily before collapsing with a huge thud. But it didn’t just fall. No matter how long they waited, it showed no signs of moving. Not even a twitch. The dog monster even walked right up to it and took a piss on the body.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, it finally sunk in for Sei that the dinosaur had been defeated. He clenched his fist.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t think I won that. That would be way too presumptuous. It was that girl who won. </em>Yet at the very least, Sei was happy that the danger had passed.</p>

      <p>It didn’t seem as if this fact had sunk in for the girl yet as she approached Sei, so he praised her efforts. “You did it! You beat that giant abomination!”</p>

      <p>“Ah. It’s dead? My gran told me that dinosaurs are scary, so I thought it would still get up or transform or something...”</p>

      <p>“Transform?!”</p>

      <p>It bears repeating that Virgo was a frog in a well, but everyone who was in the well with her were monsters. There was a sheep who could become giant, a golem who was basically a walking weapon, a scorpion who could also become giant, and a demon who could (of course) become giant. The crab had yet to giganticize itself, but he could probably do it too. That was why Libra hadn’t quite believed it when she’d been told that the dinogigant was strong.</p>

      <p>But she was wrong. Sei waved his hand, denying her claim. “No, that won’t happen.”</p>

      <p>“Uh, thanks. Your support really helped.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m happy to hear you say that, but... Sorry, that was all I could manage.”</p>

      <p>Sei had known full well he wasn’t powerful enough, so he didn’t consider what he’d done a mistake. Even so, he thought it was pathetic. In what world did a hero leave the fighting to a cute girl and instead just threw sand or dug holes? Even in the light novels where the hero was just a stepping stone, they could pull off a fight that was at least slightly cooler.</p>

      <p>“Uh... Oh right, I still don’t know your name. I’m Sei. Minamijuuji Sei.”</p>

      <p>“Minamijuuji...Sei? That’s a strange name.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, Sei is my personal name. In my country, we say the family name first.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see. Ah, my name is Virgo. I don’t have a family name.”</p>

      <p>Having finished introducing themselves, the two started a friendly and lively conversation. They were rivals in this hunting festival, but they were also comrades who’d defeated a powerful enemy together. Both had honest personalities, so they weren’t guarded with each other, and found that they got along surprisingly well.</p>

      <p>But the two of them were still immature, as one might’ve expected. Even if their enemy was no longer moving, it was a mistake to let down their guard and just chat like that.</p>

      <p>The dinogigant, which had been still this entire time, suddenly snapped open its eyes and almost leaped upward. No, it wasn’t yet dead. Shockingly, it was in possession of such strong life force that it could still move even with its head split open.</p>

      <p>“No way! Still?!”</p>

      <p>Virgo and Sei turned around on reflex, but the dinogigant’s mouth was already right in front of them. But before the bite could reach them, a large gust of wind blew past. The dinogigant stopped moving on the spot, and with its eyes rolled into the back of its head, it finally died. The body fell to the ground.</p>

      <p>To Virgo, it only seemed like the dinosaur suddenly got up and then suddenly died. She had no way of figuring out or even questioning what had happened.</p>

      <p>“What was that...?”</p>

      <p>“Who knows? It got up, but maybe that was the last of its strength? That surprised me.”</p>

      <p>The two of them were satisfied that it was finally over, at least for the moment. Under that conclusion, they decided to go somewhere else.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“You did it, Libra,” I praised.</p>

      <p>I was currently high above the spectator seats with my arms crossed. Next to me, Libra was silently peering through the scope of a sniper rifle.</p>

      <p>The first thing I’d done after having gotten wind that a dinosaur had appeared was to grab Libra and order her to snipe it. I knew that Virgo wouldn’t lose against a dinosaur, or anything of that level, but she still lacked experience in battle. I’d wanted to be sure. So just in case she didn’t manage to kill it, I’d been in the air on standby to help follow through, as always.</p>

      <p>Then, Libra had magnificently sniped the dinosaur, just like I’d wanted.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, she’s really reliable, isn’t she?</em></p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“Libra?”</p>

      <p>“It wasn’t me...”</p>

      <p>Libra denied my praise, expressionless. <em>Well, she’s always expressionless.</em></p>

      <p>Apparently Libra wasn’t the one who’d dealt the finishing blow. There weren’t very many others who could’ve pulled something like this off, though. I looked over at her, waiting for an explanation.</p>

      <p>“An instant before my bullet reached the target, someone else’s arrow pierced through its head. All my bullet did was hit a corpse.”</p>

      <p>“Who was it?”</p>

      <p>Libra put away her rifle. “I do not know. But in this day and age, there are a very limited number of people capable of this,” she replied, looking off into the distance. “I believe there is a more than fifty percent possibility that the ‘Archer’ is nearby.”</p>

      <p>“Sagittarius...?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>Apparently we’d be met with an incident in this country, too, though we only came for a change of pace. Whether this was good or bad luck... Well, at least I could say that trouble loved me.</p>

      <h2>9</h2>

      <p>The hunting festival ended safely, and Virgo returned triumphantly as the winner. It was only natural given her level, but it should have at least helped her gain some confidence. I felt kind of bad for the other contestants, but without Virgo, some people would definitely have fallen to the dinosaur, so I considered that to have made things even. At any rate, we would be celebrating her victory tonight. <em>Let’s have a small party with food made by Libra, Dina, and Karkinos.</em></p>

      <p>This doesn’t really matter, but I didn’t cook. It wasn’t like I was completely incapable, but what I always did was pretty much just chuck in a bunch of random ingredients to make fried rice. Honestly, every single dish I’d made looked way too terrible to be presented at a party. In that respect, the food that Dina and the others made passed the mark in both looks and taste. The only thing that had me confused was that I saw Libra doing something like a taste test every once in a while. <em>Can golems even taste?</em></p>

      <p>“I cannot taste, per se, but my tongue has sensors in it. By touching the food to my mouth, I can analyze the composition of the food and its nutrients. Based off of this as well as past data, I am able to select the flavors that would most please you, master.”</p>

      <p><em>Just what the hell are golems even...? Mizar, you did way too good of a job.</em> I had the feeling that he’d brought golem technology forward a hundred years by himself.</p>

      <p><em>Strange. Shouldn’t golems be more like autonomous lumps of iron or rock or something? Why is this one pretty much just an android?</em></p>

      <p>“Okay, the casserole’s done!” Dina grinned wide as she placed a pot down in front of us with a heavy thud. The fact that she served it to us still in the pot was kind of exciting.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, isn’t this just that western dish? A casserole? </em>I remembered it was a dish where you sliced up meat and vegetables and mixed that along with other ingredients like cheese into some soup and baked it in an oven in a heat-resistant container.</p>

      <p>But this was a different world, after all. Common ingredients were probably missing, and other ingredients that hadn’t existed in the previous world were mixed in. She’d most likely used an old-fashioned oven made of brick instead of the high-tech ones that were common on the other side too. As a result, it resembled a casserole but was surely something different.</p>

      <p><em>Still... It’s creepy how similar these are. It’s like skills and knowledge were directly copied over to this world... Or am I just reading into things too much? Guess I should at least ask.</em></p>

      <p>“What’s this, Dina?”</p>

      <p>“Casserole. It’s a staple in Draupnir home cooking. Only, the definition is kind of vague. Pretty much anything with meat and vegetables that you stew in a big pot until it goes soft and gooey can be called a casserole.”</p>

      <p>“How broad.”</p>

      <p>“Well, it did originate from the country of beastfolk.”</p>

      <p><em>I see. So basically, anything that’s cooked in a pot is a casserole, which means the actual recipe and ingredients don’t mean much? And that would mean it doesn’t matter whether it’s Eastern or Western in style either. It’s almost like a lesser copy of that world... Like, if you just told someone who had no previous knowledge of casseroles the concept, had them make one, and the inferior copy they made spread anyway...</em></p>

      <p><em>No, wait. Now that I think about it, that setting </em>did<em> exist.</em></p>

      <p>The Goddess gifted pretty much all of the food culture and technology that existed in this world, and that was apparently why humanity never really invented anything nor felt a need to experiment with trial and error. That was the pretty meta excuse the devs gave when the players would ask, “Doesn’t this game world overlap way too much with Earth?” But that actually might have been the truth here.</p>

      <p><em>Technology and knowledge from Earth, huh? I guess it’s not impossible, since it’s already been proven by the fact that you can use Exgate to bring someone over to this world.</em></p>

      <p>“You know, this is pretty elaborate for a beastfolk dish.”</p>

      <p>“Are they really that sloppy?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Beastfolk all have very strong stomachs, so they can easily eat meat or vegetables that have only been lightly cooked. If they have to, they can even eat raw food.”</p>

      <p><em>Raw too? I guess that part really does make them beasts.</em></p>

      <p>I ate the fake casserole—<em>I mean casserole</em>—as I listened to Dina’s speech. <em>Hmm... It tastes somewhat like a gratin. It’s pretty good. Well, I’m willing to bet it was altered to fit our tastes better. It probably tastes worse normally.</em></p>

      <p>“So what’s our plan for tomorrow onward?” Karkinos asked as he placed a cup with squeezed fruit juice in front of Virgo.</p>

      <p>Aigokeros and I were having wine. I hadn’t really drank back on Earth, but ever since I’d possessed this body, alcohol tasted really good. I took a sip to wet my throat and answered the question. “Originally, we would have left Draupnir, but things have changed. Now that it has been revealed that the Archer could be nearby, we will be staying behind to conduct a search.”</p>

      <p>“Y E S. So we will be going on a S E A R C H tomorrow, right?”</p>

      <p>“Hmph. How could that fool dare cause Miss Lufas so much trouble? He should be showing his loyalty by rushing to her side.” It seemed like Karkinos didn’t care much about the Archer, but Aigokeros was unhappy, chugging his alcohol while muttering complaints about what loyalty is.</p>

      <p><em>Is he drunk? He’s still on his first glass.</em></p>

      <p>“Hmm. For the moment, the plan is to split up into pairs tomorrow. As for the pairs... Hmm... They will be Dina and us, Libra and Karkinos, Aries and Virgo, and lastly Aigokeros and Scorpius.”</p>

      <p>“No?!”</p>

      <p>After hearing the pairs I’d suggested, Scorpius, who had never left my side, made a face like the world was ending. Then, she glared at Dina, enraged, audibly grinding her teeth. On the other hand, Dina’s face paled, and she broke into a cold sweat.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, Miss Lufas? Please change the pairings. I don’t want to be assassinated by Scorpius.”</p>

      <p>“Ah... Hmm, okay then. Dina will be with Aigokeros, and We will pair with Scorpius.”</p>

      <p><em>What should I do? Scorpius’s affection is super heavy and troublesome.</em></p>

      <p>Ignoring Scorpius, who was once again happily nuzzling my arm, I decided to end the meeting for today. All that was left was to take baths and sleep. This was just a small detail, but every time this happened Scorpius would offer to wash my back, and I would refuse. I had the feeling that letting her in would result in something unfortunate happening. After all, she’d been caught by Libra sneaking into the changing room while I was in the bath before. She always tried to come in after me, so I had Libra change the bathwater and clean the bath just in case. Whenever I happened to wake up at night, I could see Scorpius strung up on the ceiling thanks to Libra, who’d caught her trying to do something.</p>

      <p>Like, at this point, Libra was so reliable I didn’t know what I’d do without her. <em>If only she weren’t so broken in other respects...</em> I looked over at Libra. That was when she seemed to have noticed something, as she turned to face the door.</p>

      <p>“Master, there is someone outside Tanaka. Judging from their body temperature and breathing, they are nervous but do not harbor any hostility. Should I finish them off?” Libra asked as she readied her machine gun.</p>

      <p><em>Seriously, why does she always just default to deleting people like that? </em>She’d literally just said that she hadn’t sensed any hostility, so just how did that translate to finishing the person off?</p>

      <p>“No, don’t. First, let us hear what they have to say.”</p>

      <p>It was common sense to talk first if the other party wasn’t hostile. I hid my wings within my cloak and had Dina go to greet them. In these cases, Dina was more appropriate for a first impression rather than someone suspicious like me.</p>

      <p>She pattered over to the door and opened it. Standing there was a bipedal fox... No, wait, a fox beastfolk. Beastfolk heads and faces were literally that of the animal they took after, so depending on the type they were really cute. It was troubling.</p>

      <p><em>Huh. What happens with echinococcus in a fox beastfolk? I’d like to think there’s no reason to worry about it, since they live with us freely.</em></p>

      <p>“Kooon.”</p>

      <p>The fox beastkin made a really cute cry, but Dina’s reaction was as cool, solid, and as excited as cement. “Please speak using Mizgarz Common.”</p>

      <p>After her retort, he spoke normally. “Ah, okay.”</p>

      <p>That’d probably been his best attempt at a joke. Thanks to the awful reception, his ears were drooping. <em>Wait. Actually, is he a “he”? It’s hard to tell genders with beastfolk.</em></p>

      <p>“Um, excuse me, but is the person here on this list present?”</p>

      <p>“May I see the list?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, here.”</p>

      <p>Dina took the list and returned to us, leaving the fox at the door. Probably because an RV was so rare, the fox was restlessly looking this way and that around the inside.</p>

      <p>I took the list from Dina and started scanning the names. Among those listed were unknown names like Bikini Muscle, Shadow, Bunny Dandy, and Sei, but I did see Virgo at the top of the list. <em>Are these the names of the top rankers in the hunting festival?</em></p>

      <p>“This is...?”</p>

      <p>“Ah’m not really sure on the details, but right now, we’re under orders from the emperor to reach out to all the top rankers. If it doesn’t trouble you too much, please come to the southern warrior’s yurt tomorrow at ten in the morning.”</p>

      <p>“And the reason for this gathering?”</p>

      <p>“Mah apologies. Ah’m at the bottom of the ladder, so they don’t tell me much. But they aren’t forcing you to do anything. It’s just if you’re okay with it... So please?”</p>

      <p>Apparently this fox was just an errand boy. He couldn’t answer pretty much any of my questions, and the fact that Libra had stayed silent meant that he wasn’t lying either.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, if we feel like it?</em></p>

      <p>He said that they were under the emperor’s orders, which meant that the emperor was the one calling this meeting. No matter how much countries differed, ignoring such a summons would make things very hard for an adventurer or a traveler. It would probably be correct to assume that not showing up would mean they’d be left pretty much unable to work in that country.</p>

      <p><em>This is basically an order disguised as a request, isn’t it? Well, I can still ignore it if I want, though. </em></p>

      <p><em>Now, then. What should I do about this? </em>If the one being summoned were me or Libra—or anybody other than Virgo, actually—I’d probably just choose to walk into the potential trap.</p>

      <p>Even if it turned out to be a trap, any of us would have been able to brute force our way out of it. But Virgo was different. While her level of 300 was amazing for this era, she wasn’t invincible. There were others who could match or even exceed Virgo’s strength, such as the Seven Luminaries. Take that weakling devilfolk that I’d once punched out. If Virgo fought him, there’d be a chance that she’d lose. It wasn’t guaranteed that this invitation wasn’t laced with malice, but there was no downside to being cautious.</p>

      <p>After some thought, I decided to respect Virgo’s will. If she wanted to go, I would support her. If she didn’t, then we would just blow them off, and I would deal with the emperor or whatever if they made any complaints. Luckily, political power or influence didn’t mean much to us.</p>

      <p>“Virgo, what do you think?”</p>

      <p>“Um, I’m thinking I might go. An invitation like this doesn’t come every day, and if there’s something I can do to help, I’d like to.”</p>

      <p><em>So Virgo’s in, then. That just means we’ll have to support her.</em></p>

      <p>I’d just changed plans, but it was time to do so again. Instead of having Aries search for the Archer, I had him on supporting-Virgo duty. It wouldn’t be a bad idea to have an ear in on the conversation until I knew there wouldn’t be any danger posed to Dina and me.</p>

      <p>“Understood. There you have it, Messenger. Tell them that Virgo will participate in your little gathering tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I will.” Having heard my reply, the messenger fox happily ran off.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t take my eyes off of his tail, which swayed with every step. He was probably off to search for the other participants. <em>How energetic.</em></p>

      <p>“Then for now, we should sleep in preparation for tomorrow. Since that’s the case, make sure not to stay too long in the bath. We will be shortening our time as much as possible as well.”</p>

      <p>“Then, Miss Lufas, today I will—”</p>

      <p>“No.”</p>

      <p><em>All I can do is pray that the emperor or whatever didn’t invite Virgo out of malice. I don’t want to have to make an enemy out of an entire country, after all.</em></p>

      <h2>10</h2>

      <p>We were inside a larger yurt in the district of lined-up residential yurts. All the high-rankers from the hunting festival were lined up thanks to the emperor’s invitation, waiting for the time when the reason they were all there would finally be explained. Sei was among these people, and he was looking around in an attempt to kill time. The white-winged girl who’d been the winner was of course there, as was the pervert in the bikini armor and the pompous guy in all black.</p>

      <p><em>They’re high-rankers too? </em>Sei felt like something was out of place. <em>Wait... Was the all-black guy always that short? He’s wearing sunglasses too. Something seems off...</em></p>

      <p>But Sei wasn’t very familiar with the man, so he set aside his doubts. But his feeling was actually correct; the man in all black wasn’t the same person from yesterday. The real person had been attacked yesterday and currently was happily unconscious in his room. The person who was standing there now was Aries in a disguise. His disguise had been arranged by Lufas, and he was wearing a black wig. But Sei had no way of knowing that. He totally just let the whole thing go.</p>

      <p>Then, after a few minutes of waiting, a small cat beastfolk walked into the tent. He was only around 130 cm tall. He looked exactly like a tiger-striped cat that just happened to be bipedal, and he wore an almost comically small set of armor. When he appeared, all the beastfolk soldiers in the room saluted. Apparently he was quite high-ranking, unlike what his appearance suggested.</p>

      <p>After giving the gathered warriors a once-over, the cat beastfolk cleared his throat.</p>

      <p>“Everyone: I Am a Cat.”</p>

      <p><em>Did he just...reference an Earth book? Yeah, we can tell. Actually, everyone in the room must be thinking that they could already tell.</em></p>

      <p>Contrary to his appearance, the cat beastfolk’s voice was incredibly stoic and manly. It was often said that a beastfolk’s gender was hard to discern, but it was fairly obvious he was male.</p>

      <p>“I am the leader of Draupnir’s warriors. Please call me Petto. To all of you brave warriors: well met, and thank you for responding to this summons. The hunting festival yesterday was brilliant, and the emperor is very pleased.”</p>

      <p>Sei was assaulted with an intense need to retort. <em>The hell is that name? Is that a joke? Is he goofing? Is he waiting for someone to make a big deal out of it?</em> But when he looked around, no one had batted an eye at what the cat beastfolk had just said, and Sei felt strangely alone at that moment. <em>It’s just me? I’m the only one who thinks that’s weird?</em></p>

      <p>Petto washed his face with his paws and continued speaking. “The reason why you were called here today is that we would love to borrow your skills for the good of this country. Well, to be perfectly honest, the entire reason why we held the hunting festival this time was to find brave warriors like you all.”</p>

      <p>“So can we think of this as a job straight from Draupnir itself?” The one who asked the question was a small but very muscular man. His beard was scruffy, and he had an ax in his hands. <em>He’s probably a dwarf.</em> It was Sei’s first time seeing one.</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>“This will be an official request from Draupnir. Of course, we will be preparing a fitting payment. When the request is fulfilled, everyone who participates will receive one thousand el. And the one who actually brings back what we want will get a further fifty thousand el. Of course, I also swear that we will remember all of you with glory and honor.”</p>

      <p>At the mention of fifty thousand el, the attitudes of everyone except Virgo, Sei, and the all-black man changed. The size of the reward was absurdly exceptional for an adventurer. As long as there weren’t any huge expenses, a person could live luxuriously off of that money for more than ten years. On top of that, they’d still get one thousand el as well as honor even if they weren’t the one to bring back what the country wanted. That alone made it worth it to participate. It would make adventuring easier in the future and also serve to spread the adventurer’s names.</p>

      <p>“So, what do we need to get?” Virgo asked.</p>

      <p>“You will all need to climb the sacred mountain Hnitbjorg and retrieve the elixir that is being kept there,” Petto answered.</p>

      <p>Having heard that, the first thing that came to Sei’s mind was a screen from a great RPG he’d been playing. The sight was something everybody would have experienced. After an entire game’s worth of saving the good recovery items because it felt like a waste to use them, they’d suddenly be at the last boss with almost an entire stack of elixirs, too many to even use in one fight. To Sei, elixirs were like a permanent fixture in one’s inventory. Not having one would be a source of unease, but even if he had one, he wouldn’t use it. That was what elixirs meant to him. But apparently, it was something that would fetch an absurdly high price in this world.</p>

      <p>The crowd started to chatter before a voice rang out in disbelief.</p>

      <p>“Elixir?! Ha, don’t joke with me! Those are legendary wonder-potions that were all destroyed two hundred years ago by the Devil King!”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. But it still exists. Our great founder, the Beast King Dubhe, hid one in Hnitbjorg.”</p>

      <p>Hearing that, Aries thought back to when they were going up the King’s Grave. <em>The legendary miracle potion, elixir, is something that only a small subsection of alchemical masters can make.</em></p>

      <p>The recipe was one of the ultimate techniques in alchemy, and it had been made through the joint research of both Lufas Maphaahl and the Wise King Megrez over two hundred years ago. It healed any and all wounds, completely recovered one’s mana, healed all illnesses, and even extended one’s life span. It was the pinnacle of all medicine.</p>

      <p><em>There were tons of them rolling around in the Grave, weren’t there...? </em>Aries thought with a faraway look.</p>

      <p>According to Lufas, “We had been saving them to use someday. But it always seemed like a waste, so by the time We’d noticed, We had a pile of them.”</p>

      <p>Of course, they’d taken all the elixirs with them, and even now they were sitting in Maphaahl Tower. There were a total of forty-three elixirs in the tower. If they’d sold them all, it’d be possible to straight-out buy the entirety of the land within humanity’s sphere of influence. It was a ridiculous amount.</p>

      <p>From what Aries was hearing, it seemed as if the Devil King had destroyed all the remaining elixirs in the world, but apparently he’d missed the King’s Grave.</p>

      <p>“Of course, you will not be allowed to take the elixir for yourself. If you try, then consider this entire country your enemy from here on.”</p>

      <p>The elixir was a cure-all that commanded an exorbitant price. If it were sold, the price for it would make fifty thousand el seem like chump change. It would most likely go for at least ten times that. It wouldn’t be strange for those adventurers to be overtaken by greed, but that would result in them making an enemy of an entire country.</p>

      <p>After making sure to drive home that point, Petto continued his explanation of the request. “However, there are probably those who won’t be satisfied with just that amount. So, the person who brings back the elixir will also be allowed to take a small portion of the elixir with them,” Petto said, revealing a ridiculously tiny bottle that was small enough to be pinched in between two fingers.</p>

      <p>That was probably the amount they’d be allowed to take with them. In physical size, the bottle was only about five centimeters, but seeing that, all the adventurers erupted in excitement. It was just a tiny drop which would disappear in less than a swallow, but its worth was immeasurable. It could heal any wound, treat any illness, and even add a few years or even more than a decade to one’s lifespan. That was just how powerful elixirs were.</p>

      <p>The only thing Aries could think of at the moment was the sight of Dina complaining. “You hoard too much!” she’d said, as she had diligently worked to pick up all forty-three bottles of elixir, each of which held what looked like three liters of the potion. <em>I bet if any of these people here saw that, they’d faint.</em></p>

      <p>“Um, why do you need something like that?”</p>

      <p>“The cornerstone of our country’s pride, our guardian dragon, has suddenly fallen seriously ill... The elixir is necessary to heal it.”</p>

      <p>The elixir, being the ultimate wonder-drug, could completely change the course of a war if applied well. For example, if Megrez were to drink one, he’d probably be able to walk again. If Merak were to drink it, he would regain his wings. The Seven Heroes being able to once again move easily even without undoing the Devil King’s curse would change the state of this war considerably. That was probably exactly what the Devil King had been afraid of when he’d destroyed all the elixir left, since it’d been the natural and correct thing to do.</p>

      <p>That was also probably why Dubhe had hidden one away. He’d seen this coming. If that’d been the case, now was the time to use such a panacea.</p>

      <p>“Right now, with our guardian dragon weakened, our country is susceptible to attack by the devilfolk. In order to stop that, we need the elixir, no matter what.”</p>

      <p>They needed to revive their guardian dragon. Otherwise, Draupnir would have no future. The unexpectedly precarious situation caused Sei to gulp. The fact that this was a serious situation with a country’s future on the line was deeply impressed into his heart.</p>

      <p>But at the same time, Sei instantly made some internal calculations. He simulated succeeding in bringing back the elixir and using his share of it on Megrez. <em>The Wise King might be brought back...! We can bring back one of the Seven Heroes, who can turn the tide of a battle by themselves! </em>So Sei asked another question. “One question... Will that amount be able to fix paralyzed legs?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, it can. This might not be enough if the legs were lost entirely, but if they just won’t move, then this should work.”</p>

      <p>The flames of motivation burned in Sei after hearing that. <em>The elixir... I have to get it. </em>This dangerous mission was more than worth doing if the Wise King could be healed as a result.</p>

      <p>This fact was something Aries already knew, using an elixir on somebody who’d betrayed Lufas was a waste to Aries, so he’d never told her about it. Aries also decided to conveniently take the fact that Lufas had not once talked about giving any of the Seven Heroes some elixir to mean that she still hadn’t forgiven those traitors. There was no way for him to expect the truth... That of all things, Lufas only thought of elixirs as full-HP recovery items at this point.</p>

      <p>“I heard that...”</p>

      <p>From the gathered people sounded a low voice, and that voice was in no way friendly. It was filled with promised danger. Everyone’s gaze gathered on a common beastfolk soldier. In front of everyone’s eyes, the soldier warped in form, as if he were liquid. It was like he was a humanoid slime. It wriggled around for a while, before settling into the form of a blue-haired young man with a cold aura. He had blue skin and eyes with the blacks and whites reversed—the features of a devilfolk, humanity’s greatest enemy.</p>

      <p>“Devilfolk!”</p>

      <p>“I’m surprised. To think there was still an elixir left. Such a thing could heal the Seven Heroes.” The young man fixed everyone there with a condescending gaze while speaking in an emotionless voice.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>