<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <h2>5</h2>

      <p>What do you usually imagine when hearing the word “capital”? Wouldn’t the first thing be a huge castle surrounded by the roofs of houses in a castle town? All the places we’d been until now—Laevateinn, Svel, and Gjallarhorn—all had that in common, though the particulars were all different. Blutgang was basically a gigantic castle itself, so it was an exception...</p>

      <p>Well, most people would imagine a capital in an RPG setting to be a western town from the Middle Ages with a castle plopped down in the middle. <em>That’s what I think of, at least.</em> Basically, it’s a trope. All fantasy RPGs were fundamentally built on Western culture. There was an Eastern one every once in a while, though. They’d be obvious about it from the very start, with yokai or oni instead of monsters, among other things. At the very least, all the concepts of monsters, magic, swords, heroes, and a demon king were all united under Western RPG sensibilities.</p>

      <p>At any rate, reality was... Like, if someone woke you up by saying “Now awaken, hero,” and you were a sword-wielding hero, but you picked up your sword and went outside to see a townscape straight out of Old Edo... Like, that’d be weird, right? It’d just feel wrong, right? I mean, how would you feel if you were sent on a quest to defeat the Demon King and needed to go to the king’s castle, but the castle looked like Osaka Castle and the king had a topknot and wore a kimono? what if the hero also had a topknot, wore a kimono, and talked like an old-timey samurai... It’d be weird, right?</p>

      <p>Then, the Demon King would be, like, “Why do you struggle to close your borders so? Cultural exchange is a joy, and Western culture is the most beautiful thing. Now come. Be swallowed by my culture and modernize!”</p>

      <p>That’d be awful, right? It’d be really weird. At the very least, I’d refuse to play it.</p>

      <p>Well, I hadn’t encountered an Eastern-style town yet, as expected. This was also a trope in RPGs where there’d inexplicably be a Japanese-style country named Zipang or “Eastern Country” or something in the Eastern region for some reason. That didn’t seem to exist in this world, though.</p>

      <p>Katanas did exist, though, so something like that might have existed in the past. After all, some of the countries players had set up in the game had basically been purely Japanese in culture. Well, they all disappeared when I’d conquered them, though.</p>

      <p><em>Whoops, got off track.</em></p>

      <p>The point I was trying to make was that when tasked with imagining a capital, people automatically think of a western town. But right now, the town I saw was as far from Western as you could get.</p>

      <p><em>Wait... Is this actually the capital? Is this even a city in the first place?</em></p>

      <p>Right now, the place we were standing could be summed up as grasslands. While the grass may have been trampled flat, it was still straight-up just grasslands. There weren’t even any clear roads built so it was easier for people to pass through.</p>

      <p>Tent-like buildings were set up here and there. <em>What are those called...? Those things that Mongols and other nomads used...? A yurt? Not real sure about that...</em></p>

      <p>There was a forest nearby, and it seemed as if there were more beastfolk living in there too.</p>

      <p>“Just what are capitals?”</p>

      <p>“Capitals are wherever the king is. Well, it seems like Draupnir has an Emperor, though, not a King. So instead of a kingdom’s capital, this’d be an empire’s capital.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Emperor? How confident.”</p>

      <p>“Beastfolk have a much larger variety of peoples compared to other races. For example, among the heaven-winged you basically just have the white-winged and everyone else, but the beastfolk are different. There’re felines and canines and horses and cows. There’re even elephants and rabbits... If you start counting, there’d be no end to them. And even among the felines, there’re cats, tigers, lions, panthers, cheetahs, and even more besides.”</p>

      <p>I nodded in understanding. “Hmm. So unlike the group the name beastfolk suggests, they’re more like a bunch of finely separated species.”</p>

      <p>It was common knowledge that there were seven races of humanity in Mizgarz, but apparently the “beastfolk” were just a bunch of different races forced into a single category. It made sense, though. There was no way a lion beastfolk was the same as a rabbit beastfolk. The forest in this world had animals like tigers and bears living in it. If each of these different groups had counted as individual races, then the races of humanity would’ve easily cleared one hundred, and almost all of them would’ve been beastfolk.</p>

      <p><em>Right, so that’s why they combined them into one...</em></p>

      <p>“They needed a ruler who could unite and rule over all these different beastfolk. That’s why they used the higher-ranking title of emperor rather than king. Well, that’s how they explain it, anyway.”</p>

      <p>“So, an emperor because they stand above many races? We see.”</p>

      <p>“Naming themselves above Lady Lufas? Above a king...? Absurd! Maybe I should fill this tiny, hackneyed country up with poison right now...!”</p>

      <p>I was fine with Dina’s exposition, but apparently Scorpius wasn’t a fan. I hurriedly stuck out my hand to stop her, since she was already preparing for battle while spitting violent, poisonous words.</p>

      <p>“Stop that, Scorpius. It’s true that We are no ruler at the moment. It does not matter who names themselves what.”</p>

      <p>“Ahhh, yes, Lady Lufas! You’re so tolerant and forgiving!” As soon as I stopped her, she immediately withdrew her murderous aura and once again stuck herself on my arm. With my specs I didn’t really feel anything, but if I were normal, I was sure my arm would have been torn off long ago. I was scared to tell her to get off already, since I wasn’t sure what she’d do if I said that.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe I was a tad too hasty in recruiting her...?</em></p>

      <p>“But Scorpius has a point. Miss Lufas is more fitting of being called an E m p e r o r, which stands above a K i n g, since she once managed to unite the world. What do you think, Miss Lufas? After we reunite all the Twelve Heavenly Stars, we can conquer the world once again so you can name yourself E M P E R O R!”</p>

      <p>“That’s a good idea for a crab. Then when that happens, why don’t we rename ourselves? We can go from the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars to the Imperial Twelve Heavenly Stars!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that sounds cool!”</p>

      <p>Behind me, a crab, a goat, and a sheep were getting excited over plans about me while ignoring my opinion.</p>

      <p><em>How many times have I said that I don’t care about world conquest anymore? Why do I have to retread the same path? You all realize that if I do that, I’ll just end up in the Last Boss route again and get defeated by the hero?</em></p>

      <p><em>Having to deal with the hero, the Devil King, and the Goddess’s factions all at once is just impossible! The hero’s weak right now, but he had really high class bonuses. If he ever got to level 1000, he’d be able to match us, you know? Seriously, calm down with those ridiculous cheat-powers.</em></p>

      <p><em>Oh wait. I forgot about Benetnasch and Leon. I’d have to deal with five factions. Yep. Impossible.</em></p>

      <p>“Well, We don’t care much for that. More importantly, where do you apply for the hunting festival?”</p>

      <p>“I think we can just follow everyone else for now.”</p>

      <p>“Then let’s do that.”</p>

      <p>I followed Dina’s suggestion and went with the flow.</p>

      <p>This was just a small detail, but right now, I was using the full suspicious-person disguise, the cloak completely covering me. It was just in case, since there were elves and heaven-winged around at this festival too. There was no guarantee that no one here would remember my face.</p>

      <p>Luckily, I didn’t stand out too much thanks to the fact that there were so many travelers and adventurers streaming in from everywhere. Some of the adventurers around me had such eccentric appearances that even I wanted to question their choices out loud. Thanks to that, I was in the more sensible camp for once. More specifically, I could see some idiotic dude in bikini armor, among others. <em>Like, come on. That’s just suspect no matter how good the stats are... It’s true that you can put on women’s armor if you really want to, since this isn’t the game, but...</em></p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas, that...” Virgo pointed out the bikini armor guy, but I quickly blocked her view.</p>

      <p>“Don’t look.”</p>

      <p><em>You can’t look at perverts like that. You’ll ruin your eyesight.</em></p>

      <p>“Still, there really are all kinds of beastfolk, aren’t there? It’s amazing that Dubhe managed to unite all these people.”</p>

      <p>It was once again impressed upon me just how many different beastfolk there were as I looked around. The more I looked, the more varieties I saw, from the obvious dogs and cats, to even lizardmen and other reptilian types. It was surprising that they also counted as beastfolk. I also confirmed people who basically looked like regular humans with just ears and/or tails stuck on. Were they half-beastfolk?</p>

      <p>There were a couple demerits to it at first glance, though. If the half-beastfolk was a guy or had a less-than-ideal face, the animal parts just wouldn’t fit. Like, just who would want a bearded old dude with rabbit ears? Was he gonna leap through the air while saying “Mamma mia,” or something?</p>

      <p>“If I may, you shouldn’t expect much of these empty-headed livestock. I can say this for sure, since they were stupid enough to destroy you and take over your rule.”</p>

      <p>I was simply impressed by Dubhe’s achievements, but Libra was much more critical. <em>You really are completely ruthless to all the Seven Heroes other than Mizar, aren’t you?</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, that looks like a line. Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“That looks like our destination.”</p>

      <p>As we followed the stream of people, we eventually found a line with all sorts of travelers in it. The front capped at some sort of reception-like setup, so it seemed to be what we had been looking for.</p>

      <p>We got in the back of the line and waited for our turn.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Okay, your registration is complete. The hunting festival starts tomorrow, so please rest as you like until then.” The receptionist handed over a numbered plate, and Sei, who’d successfully registered, stored the plate in his pocket with a nervous expression.</p>

      <p>The hero party had come to Draupnir in search of more information after the events in Svel. Thanks to the hunting festival, all sorts of travelers, adventurers, and merchants were gathered here during this time. Hoping to catch some people who might know of Lufas’s whereabouts, Sei and the others had decided to come and test Sei’s strength using the festival at the same time.</p>

      <p>This place also happened to be the birthplace of the party’s strongest member, the Sword Saint Friedrich. After deciding to meet and talk with Lufas, the others in the party decided that coming back home might lift Friedrich’s spirits, since he’d become as quiet as a housecat after certain events.</p>

      <p>“There’re so many different people around, aren’t there?” Sei said curiously as he looked around at all the people who’d traveled here.</p>

      <p>There were hardened warriors shelled in full armor as well as women who were dressed like dancers. There were bearded old men with rabbit ears and knights dressed all in black, probably because the knight himself thought it was cool. Lastly, Sei noticed a pervert, a muscular guy wearing women’s bikini armor.</p>

      <p>“There really are all kinds... Are all adventurers like that?”</p>

      <p>Sei sounded completely creeped out, so Jean rushed to defend the other adventurers. “No, that’s a pretty damn rare case. Please, don’t lump us in with that.”</p>

      <p>At the moment, Sei and his party were split into two. Jean, Nick, and Shuu were with Sei as bodyguards while he registered for the hunting festival. The other half were running around collecting information. This party had Gantz, the tiger, Kross, Richard, and the vice-captain, who had recently grown two nose hairs which stuck out of her nostrils. The rangers that always followed them were diligently working to secure the entire party rooms at an inn.</p>

      <p>“Oh! Look at that, Sei. That group’s full of beauties. I’m so jealous of the guy that’s with them.”</p>

      <p>Trying to change the subject, Jean pointed out a party that was in line. The party consisted of a clearly suspicious person completely covered in a cloak, a lewdly dressed bondage lady who was attached to the suspicious person’s arm, a cute girl with pure-white wings, another cute girl with rainbow-colored hair who was standing next to her, an old gentleman in a black suit wearing a monocle, a handsome guy with a goatee in a red vest, a beautiful blue-haired girl, and a silent and stiff looking maid with brown hair.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell...? That party barely looks like a party at all with how disparate they are.</em></p>

      <p><em>Ah, the handsome guy in the red vest tried to get closer to the red cloak but got punched by the maid.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s a weird group, but they’re high level. That lewd girlie with the mean face... Oh man...”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah, they’re all so beautiful.”</p>

      <p>“Right? By the way, Sei, which one of them is your type?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?! Wh-What do you mean? I-I don’t have a type.”</p>

      <p>“Ha! Don’t try to hide it. I bet it’s... That one. You either like the white-winged girl or the one with rainbow hair. You like calm, collected girls, right?” Jean locked Sei in an arm-lock to force him to answer.</p>

      <p><em>He’s friendly and a really good guy, but this side of him is hard to deal with...</em></p>

      <p>Something must have attracted Jean’s attention as he released Sei and sunk into thought with a groan.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm? Oh, nothing much. I just feel like I saw them somewhere before. But I’d never forget a party filled with beauties like that. Maybe it’s just my imagination...” Jean tilted his head in confusion, but Sei figured it was just his imagination.</p>

      <p>Sei’d never say it out loud, but Jean’s memory wasn’t very good. He’d even forget about an item that he’d obtained just a little while ago. Jean was also the type of guy who wouldn’t care and just forged ahead. That was why Sei figured this was just some sort of memory thing.</p>

      <p>“It’s just your imagination. Come on, let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“Maaan, I totally feel like I’ve met them somewhere... Where was it...?” Jean still tilted his head this way and that, trying to knock something loose, so Sei had to drag him along to where they were having dinner.</p>

      <p>The two parties were unbelievably close, but they would not yet meet.</p>

      <h2>6</h2>

      <p>After registering, we regrouped back at Tanaka and decided to spend the night there. I considered booking rooms at an inn, but inns here meant a tent, and I just couldn’t imagine them being very comfortable. The tents were probably preferred by beastfolk sensibilities, but in my opinion, they’d make more money by considering what travelers would want.</p>

      <p>Virgo, who was going to be the star tomorrow, went to bed early. Aries was already in dreamland. On a whim, I decided to exit Tanaka and catch some night air while my normally unused mind pondered this country’s defenses.</p>

      <p>Laevateinn had Alioth’s barrier. Svel had Levia. Gjallarhorn had Merak and his Pressure. Lastly, Blutgang itself was a mobile fortress, and it even had mass-produced Libras, which meant that this country should have its own defenses as well.</p>

      <p><em>Now that I think about it, all this stuff has been working out for me so far. Maybe I should prepare for the possibility that I’ll have to face all these defenses as enemies. </em>To the people of this country, I wasn’t too different from the devilfolk. I’d only be lumped in as a threat, just like them. This meant that there was a distinct possibility that whatever this country had as a defense would be pointed at me. I still didn’t believe that I’d lose, but the real problem was if those defenses were pointed at Virgo.</p>

      <p><em>With that in mind, I should devise a way to protect her. Now then... First, I should ask Dina for information whenever she’s free. She’s fishy as all hell, but the info she gives is at least ninety percent accurate.</em></p>

      <p>“Master?”</p>

      <p>I heard a voice from behind me. I knew who it was, even without turning around. I stayed as I was and called out to my subordinate. “Libra... What is it?”</p>

      <p>“There is something I’d like to discuss with you, master,” Libra said, walking up beside me.</p>

      <p>Libra must have been much heavier than her appearance belied, but her light steps and movements told the exact opposite story. Looking at her from the side, Libra seemed to have a serious expression. <em>No, I guess she’s always like that... </em>As always, her facial features were unchanging, but she spoke in a more serious tone than usual.</p>

      <p>“I will not beat around the bush. Just what is that female named Dina? I have not restored my damaged data yet, but it is still easy for me to surmise that she was not there two hundred years ago.”</p>

      <p>“So you’ve noticed.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I have also noticed that you have long realized this, master, and are hiding it from us.”</p>

      <p>I thought I’d been doing pretty good at hiding it, but apparently I was an open book to Libra. Well, the others aside, hiding it from Libra forever would’ve been impossible. I was a terrible actor, after all. And an idiot.</p>

      <p>With a wry smile, I averted my gaze from my follower who wasn’t even blaming me for keeping a secret. “Sorry.”</p>

      <p>“No need for that. I believe you had your own reasons for doing so, Master. But if I am to give you advice, I need to know your reasoning.”</p>

      <p>I glanced at Libra and sunk into thought.</p>

      <p>Libra was probably the one I could trust the most right now, since she was immune to Dina’s mental manipulation. In other words, whether it be the Goddess or Dina, neither of them could manipulate her. Even if Libra attracted the onerous eyes of the Goddess, she had no way to control the golem. The worst-case scenario was that the “golems can’t be manipulated” fact was a lie, but by my reckoning, that wasn’t the case. If it were, there’d be no point to it, since it’d be faster to just take control of Libra and gain my trust rather than lie about it. The fact that hadn’t happened was basically proof that it was impossible.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Then We shall tell you. To be honest, We still have not figured out almost anything about her. She does seem to be one of the Seven Luminaries of the devilfolk, but there’s no way she’s one of the devilfolk herself, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Agreed. Just the fact that she can use divine power means she is not a devilfolk or a vampire. But if that’s the case, what is she?”</p>

      <p>“From what We can tell, there is no doubt that she has some sort of connection to the Goddess. Whether she is similar to Parthenos in that she used to serve the Goddess or if she is something even closer... She may be the Goddess herself, actually.”</p>

      <p>At this point, I was basically certain. I was certain that Dina had some sort of relation to the Goddess. They were definitely connected under the surface somehow. I was sure the Goddess would be there once I’d unraveled Dina’s mysteries. What I didn’t know was the extent of their relationship. Was she simply like Parthenos, or something closer, like a right-hand-man or a close confidant? Or was she herself one of the Goddess’s avatars...? I still didn’t have enough information to make a call.</p>

      <p>“Master, she is dangerous. I believe you should restrain her and interrogate her immediately.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t be so rash. She’d just escape with teleportation. And once she did, we’d have no way of tracking her down.”</p>

      <p>“So you plan to let her do as she pleases...?”</p>

      <p>“Maybe. <em>We </em>might be the ones being allowed to do things. Either way, she is our only clue towards the Goddess at the moment. It would be rash to let her escape.”</p>

      <p>It might have seemed as if I were in the palm of her hand, but there was one thing Dina didn’t know. And that was how much I’d “awakened.” That was something that would only ever be known to me myself. Once, she’d even asked me if I was really a player. Now that I thought about it, she’d probably been trying to gauge how far I’d returned. It was embarrassing to admit, but the original me never even thought to doubt Dina. Just the fact that I was thinking about this and pondering things at all meant that I was no longer just “me.”</p>

      <p>On the other hand, that also meant the other side wouldn’t be able to tell just how much they were being suspected as long as I kept up my foolish facade. That was why I’d allowed this situation to go on. It was better that I acted the part of a thoughtless optimist.</p>

      <p>“Also, several unnatural points start to stand out if We assume that she’s a complete enemy.”</p>

      <p>“Unnatural points?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. It’s true that Dina led us around and moved as she pleased. There’s no doubt in that. But... At present, none of those things have been bad for us. Based on how things have turned out, everything has been to our advantage. It’s inscrutable.”</p>

      <p>If she’d only given a lot of positives and hidden the negative outcomes, then I’d have understood. That hadn’t been the case, though. There hadn’t been a single negative outcome to what she’d had us do. We’d reunited with Aries in Svel. We’d retrieved Libra in the King’s Grave. Gjallarhorn had seen Aigokeros come back to the fold, and both Karkinos and Scorpius had rejoined back in Blutgang. In each of the capitals, I’d also revived my relationships with the surviving Seven Heroes. <em>Everything has been good for me.</em></p>

      <p><em>Isn’t that weird? Lufas Maphaahl should be an enemy and eyesore to the Goddess, right? Isn’t that why she had me clash with the Seven Heroes two hundred years ago, which ended up with me sealed? Then why assist in restoring the power of the person you’d tried so hard to neutralize? I just can’t understand it.</em></p>

      <p>This was the sticking point in my “Dina = the Goddess’s avatar” theory that I was already 90% sure about.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t be hasty and make a mistake. Don’t cloud your eyes with meaningless doubt.</em> Something inside me told me to calmly examine the information I had. I was still missing something.</p>

      <p>“It’s hard to explain... We just feel like it’s a mistake to corner Dina at the moment.”</p>

      <p>“Feel? That’s so uncertain.”</p>

      <p>“We know. But please just give it some time.”</p>

      <p><em>I wonder why this is? I’m not sure myself. Yet, I can’t help but think that it’s not yet time to confront Dina.</em></p>

      <p>I’d already gathered pretty much all the parts, and the puzzle had taken shape. Even without the last bits, I was already at the stage where I could see the final state of the puzzle. But there was the possibility that the last pieces I was missing had some hidden image that would change everything. If I had to make an analogy, that would be it.</p>

      <p>Libra was silent for a moment. “Understood. If that is what you wish, master, then I will follow it.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry about this, Libra.”</p>

      <p>“It is fine. I am your tool. My only purpose is to support the path you choose to take with all my ability. Even if you make a mistake, my role is to blast it away.”</p>

      <p>“How reliable.”</p>

      <p><em>I truly am blessed with reliable subordinates. They’re so reliable that they’ll just decimate everything in my path, though...</em></p>

      <p><em>At any rate, it’s gotten kind of cold. I guess I should go to sleep already.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>It was the day of the hunting festival.</p>

      <p>A flare, which was probably some sort of magic or something, bloomed in the sky like a firework. Multitudes of different races were all sitting in spectator seats, waiting for the event to begin. There was no way even the spectator seats would be tents; instead it was more like an event space for a movie screening, with many chairs lined up together. In front of all the seats was a ridiculously large, screen-like setup, which everyone was watching.</p>

      <p><em>This world shouldn’t have cameras, right...? How are they going to project the image?</em></p>

      <p>“Ah, that’s called a manascreen. It’s something Mizar made before he died. It can capture the image of a faraway place through the mana in the air and display it. Blutgang has a similar system which allows them to see what’s going on outside from within the city, apparently. Well, that place has so many black boxes they’re unable to create anything similar at the moment, though. It’s rather unfortunate.”</p>

      <p><em>Mizar again?</em></p>

      <p>I looked up to the sky in exasperation as Dina spoke.</p>

      <p><em>Why the hell is he the only one dragging Mizgarz’s overall civilization level through the roof? Were you actually like a modern Japanese person? I seriously want to ask you that. </em>I could only believe that he’d been born in the completely wrong time and world, being a “native” with absolutely no modern Japanese knowledge with this amount of skill.</p>

      <p>“That beardo can do just about anything, can’t he?”</p>

      <p>Even while wallowing in exasperation, I beckoned Virgo over. It was about time for her to go, and if anything happened to her, I’d feel too guilty to face Parthenos. So, I’d decided to impart Virgo with a weapon I had Dina retrieve from my tower, even though it was probably overkill for a festival of this level. It was just a hand-me-down from when I was in mid-game, but it should still be plenty useful.</p>

      <p>“What is this, Miss Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“Something We used a long time ago. Its name is “La Pucelle,” and it can gather surrounding mana and expel it as divinely attributed magic. It’s an effect that is both very useful and popular among the heaven-winged.”</p>

      <p>The heaven-winged were unable to use magic, but as was standard for games, weapons existed that could produce effects just like magic. The weapon I had handed to Virgo was one of those, and its rarity was rather high. It’d served me well from early- to mid-game. Well, by the time I was level 500, my normal attacks were stronger than any effect the weapon could produce, though, so I’d dumped it. However, it was still plenty strong enough for Virgo.</p>

      <p>The problem was... In this world, the heaven-winged hated mana. In the game, that factoid had simply been background lore. That was why it’d been normal to see things like heaven-winged in Helheim, fighting full force and completely ignoring the lore. This weapon had been popular in the game.</p>

      <p>In this world, the heaven-winged actually did hate mana, so if Virgo rejected the weapon, then I had a spare ready. In that case, I’d give her my favorite spear from back when I was around level 500, even if it was even more overkill than the sword. It seemed as if my fears were groundless, as Virgo looked at me with a smile like a blooming flower.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, Miss Lufas! I’ll make sure to win!”</p>

      <p><em>Great. Looks like I hit the jackpot.</em></p>

      <p>Behind me, Scorpius was emitting literal flames of jealousy, burning the grass around her, but I had no intention of giving her anything of mine. If I did, there’d be a real possibility of it being used for something weird.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, Scorpius, stop actually emitting flames! You’re causing trouble for everyone around us.</em></p>

      <p>“Virgo, a sword is not enough firepower. Here, take my anti-golem cannon...”</p>

      <p>“Stop that, Libra.”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t sure if Libra was trying to compete with me or if she really did feel that Virgo didn’t have enough firepower, but she tried to hand Virgo something that looked like a rocket launcher. I smacked Libra in the head to stop her.</p>

      <p><em>Come on, that thing’s more than just overkill. You’ll destroy the entire venue! Wait. Actually, where did you even pull that thing out from?</em></p>

      <p>“Be careful, Virgo! If you feel like you’re in danger, call me right away! I’ll come flying with Mesarthim!”</p>

      <p>“I can sink all the participants into the depths of fear and make them powerless. Just say the word.”</p>

      <p>“Oh my... Then why not skip the middleman and poison them? Then you’ll be able to win even easier, no?”</p>

      <p>“Then M E will...”</p>

      <p>Aries and the others all offered up incredibly violent support. Only Karkinos had nothing. After thinking about it for some time, he eventually clutched at his head.</p>

      <p>“You’re slow, so you won’t make it even if you run full speed, Karkinos.”</p>

      <p>“You cannot even make long-ranged attacks, nor do you have any support magic.”</p>

      <p>“To be honest, you’re an incompetent who can only defend and counter.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... Do you have any role you can fulfill other than being a shield?”</p>

      <p>“N O O O O O O?!”</p>

      <p>Aries, Aigokeros, Scorpius, and Dina all unreservedly took huge stabs into Karkinos’s heart and self-esteem.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, stop that. That might be true, but he’s the best shield in the entire Twelve Heavenly Stars, you know.</em></p>

      <p><em>Ah... But he really can’t do anything other than that, can he?</em></p>

      <h2>7</h2>

      <p>There were only a few minutes left until the start of the hunting festival. Virgo clutched her sword, a nervous expression on her face as she waited along with the other participants for the event to start. All the people around her looked fierce and frightening, so she stuck out like a sore thumb. For example, there was a large, heavily muscled man equipped with a giant war ax, as well as a weirdo in all black who tried to put on airs by scoffing at others. There was also a brawler who had to be over two meters tall, and an incredibly obese guy only wearing a loincloth. One person looked like a knight in full armor and seemed strong at a glance.</p>

      <p>“Now, it’s finally almost time to start Draupnir’s hunting festival! Let’s go over the rules once again! They’re simple: we’ll release monsters here, and all you’ll have to do is hunt, hunt, and hunt some more! That’s it! Each monster is worth points according to its strength, and the brave warrior with the most points at the end of the one-hour time limit wins! Ah, I’m sorry for the late introduction. I am your emcee, Chiron.”</p>

      <p><em>Is he using some sort of magic or divine arts to enhance his voice?</em></p>

      <p>The voice of the unknown person who’d introduced themselves as the emcee could be heard throughout the area. Virgo faced the emcee area and saw a slender man who looked like the very picture of a traveler. There was a tiger beastfolk next to him who looked really strong.</p>

      <p>“For this event, our country’s pride and the continent’s strongest, the Sword Saint Friedrich, has come all the way here to be our commentator. Please, a word!”</p>

      <p>“GRROOOAARRR!”</p>

      <p>“Mizgarz Common is okay here, you know?”</p>

      <p>The tiger’s rather <em>unique</em> joke had everyone busting a gut. It had to be an attempt to assuage everyone’s nerves. It would only be natural for the Sword Saint to know how to do such a thing.</p>

      <p>“Okay! The time to start is finally upon us! Is everyone ready? Then take your marks... And starrrrrtttt!” The emcee’s voice announcing the start of the hunting festival reverberated throughout the area. At the same time, a great explosive sound rang out, which was probably caused by some sort of magic.</p>

      <p>All the participants sprinted forward. Virgo started running as well, desperate to keep up. She easily broke out to the front of the pack. It was only natural for her to think, <em>huh?</em> But her level and stats were just that different compared to everybody else.</p>

      <p>Virgo continued running at the front even while looking behind her and wondering, <em>Are they all just holding back?</em></p>

      <p>Still, this event wasn’t a footrace. It was a contest to see who could hunt the most and the strongest monsters. The participants all scattered to the four winds, going where their intuition and experience took them, looking for places where monsters could easily gather.</p>

      <p>In front of Virgo stood a monster that was over two meters tall with an expression that said it knew it was strong. It had a muscular body, green skin, and only wore a grass skirt. It was a type of demihuman called a hobgoblin.</p>

      <p>“Gobgob!”</p>

      <p>The hobgoblin probably underestimated Virgo, since she seemed weak at first glance. It slowly and casually sauntered towards her with a grin on its face. Meanwhile, Virgo didn’t have much confidence in her own strength.</p>

      <p>They say that a frog in a well knows naught of the ocean, but the well Virgo was in was full of monsters that could completely decimate the entire ocean, so she had no actual gauge on her own strength. The reason why Virgo stood firm despite that was because of her superior’s expectations. There was no way she could do something as embarrassing as running away after having been given a sword.</p>

      <p>“Yaahhhh!”</p>

      <p>So, she charged, half in desperation! Virgo struck out with her sword and connected with the hobgoblin’s chest. The hobgoblin’s body gave almost no resistance and was easily pierced through. It didn’t even make a sound as it fell to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Contestant number 760, Virgo, has earned eight points!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Virgo, dumbfounded that she’d won so easily, hesitantly poked at the hobgoblin’s corpse. It yielded no response. There was no sign of it regenerating or anything; it really was dead. Seeing that, Virgo was finally convinced of her own victory.</p>

      <p><em>Wait... Are all these monsters in the hunting festival just really weak?</em></p>

      <p>Actually, the monsters weren’t weak; she was just amazingly strong. But it seemed as if that hadn’t crossed her mind just yet. However, if the monsters were weak, then Virgo had the confidence to be able to do something.</p>

      <p>Virgo, with her slightly off misconception intact, stood and motivated herself. <em>I can do this! I can at least fight well enough that it won’t be shameful, even if I don’t win!</em></p>

      <p>Virgo flapped her pure-white wings and took to the skies. Flying wasn’t in any way cheating. It was recognized as another skill or ability. Virgo searched for monsters from the air. After identifying a monkey-type monster that was closest to her, she locked on and accelerated. She strafed past it in a flash! The monkey monster was bisected, and Virgo once again rose into the sky.</p>

      <p>“Contestant Virgo: six points!”</p>

      <p>Next, she locked on to a bird monster. While it was a bit farther away, Virgo had the sword gifted to her by Lufas. She gathered power into La Pucelle and swung. A blade of light shot forth from the tip of the sword and bisected the distant bird monster.</p>

      <p>“Contestant Virgo: seven points!”</p>

      <p>Without reducing her speed, she next found some goblins that were frozen stiff. There were two normal goblins around 150 cm in height and wielding clubs. There was also one rarer goblin wielding a staff—a goblin magician—for a total of three.</p>

      <p>Virgo accelerated sharply, charging into them and swinging her sword. In a single pass, she disposed of two goblins. As she flew away, the magician shot a fireball at her, but Virgo dodged to the side without even looking back. After gaining some altitude she inverted herself and shot another blade of light to bisect the magician.</p>

      <p>“Contestant Virgo: twenty points!”</p>

      <p><em>I can do this! I can win!</em> Having come this far, Virgo finally started to think, <em>Maybe I’m a little strong...</em></p>

      <p>Then her friends and comrades immediately came to mind. Specifically, she started imagining a what-if scenario where one of them, such as Libra, had participated in this event. In Virgo’s mental world, Libra would patrol the area with machine guns and bazookas in hand as the ground beneath her burned. She imagined Libra massacring monsters in droves while turning Draupnir into scorched, uninhabitable earth.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, I was wrong. I really am weak. </em>She still hadn’t noticed that her objects of comparison were too far to one side of the scale.</p>

      <p><em>Anyway, as one of Miss Lufas’s comrades, I need to at least not embarrass myself, </em>Virgo thought as she flew through the air, not realizing that she was far and away first place in points.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Contestant Virgo: five points!”</p>

      <p>“Contestant Virgo: nine points!”</p>

      <p>“Contestant Virgo: eight points!”</p>

      <p><em>Man, that girl’s super strong.</em></p>

      <p>The hero Sei shivered at the thought as he continued to fight and defeat monsters. He knew who Virgo, who was currently dominating the contest, was. He’d seen her yesterday. She was the cute, white-winged girl who’d been with the strange group. Even before the contest, her pure-white wings had stood out, as had her surprisingly nervous demeanor. Sei’s sense of justice had burned brightly as he’d made a note to help her out if she were in danger. He’d had to remind himself not to bring ulterior motives into it. Sei was a man, too, after all.</p>

      <p>But he’d been too naive. Rather, he’d been foolish and lovestruck.</p>

      <p><em>Save? Who again...? That one there, who’s been using hit-and-run tactics to easily poach monsters from the air? Surely you jest. </em>That girl was far and away stronger than Sei himself. In fact, she was probably the strongest participant here.</p>

      <p>Sei wondered just what her nervous appearance was for. Was it an act? It was basically a fantasy trope for someone weak-looking to turn out to be strong, but that was especially jarring with her. Sei figured she could even be stronger than the Sword Saint.</p>

      <p>Sei shook away the idea; there was no way that was true, but the sight of her complete dominance over this event certainly made it seem plausible.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>