<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_6">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Yes, it was just water, but the compressed water was shot out at high speeds. It was turned into a deadly weapon that could crush rock.</p>

      <p>As soon as the attack had been made, everyone scattered, and the water bullet impacted fruitlessly on the rock wall behind them, easily destroying it. If it had hit a person, they would probably have sustained major injuries.</p>

      <p>“Oohhhhhh!”</p>

      <p>Gantz was the first one to take action. He swung his giant war ax, which was one of the gifts from the Grave that he’d gotten from the king on the day of their departure. It had no special effect. It was simply heavy and powerful, but it suited Gantz very well. It had more power behind it than any of the other axes Gantz had to make do with by employing every trick in his book.</p>

      <p>As a testament to its power, it cleaved straight through Mercurius and continued to destroy the floor as well, raising up a cloud of dust. But such an attack wasn’t enough to change Mercurius’s expression even a little.</p>

      <p>“Useless. Such an attack will never work on me.”</p>

      <p>“Ha! I bet! But it’ll take a little while for your body to go back to normal, won’t it?!”</p>

      <p><em>The attack won’t work. It won’t do any damage. Yeah. I get that. You’re right. But so what?</em></p>

      <p>Gantz wore a bestial smile as he swung his ax more, cutting Mercurius into slivers. His goal was never to hurt Mercurius. Gantz already knew from Petto that physical attacks wouldn’t deal any damage, which meant that the only way to finish the battle was through magic. Gantz understood that his role in this fight would be to go out in front and disrupt the enemy in any way possible.</p>

      <p>Mercurius’s slashed body wriggled, and tentacles made of water shot towards Gantz. The tips of the tentacles were sharp and pointed, and it was obvious that they would be able to pierce through any normal armor.</p>

      <p>Gantz’s bestial smile only deepened, and instead of dodging, he only increased his efforts. As a result, all the tentacles pierced him, but Gantz’s trained muscles managed to stop them. The water tentacles didn’t reach anything important.</p>

      <p>“Too weak! Hah!”</p>

      <p>Gantz swung his ax again, cutting through Mercurius.</p>

      <p>Normally, Mercurius’ attack would have pierced straight through Gantz. He really was weakened. While it wasn’t easy, Mercurius had been weakened enough that Gantz’s defenses could prevent any real damage. Even so, Mercurius was still one of the Seven Luminaries. He was at least comparable even in simple physical strength.</p>

      <p>Mercurius’s arm flexed like a whip and sent Gantz flying. But the adventurers Jean and Nick stepped in to take Gantz’s place, almost as if they had simply switched out.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Nick! Don’t give him space to use magic!”</p>

      <p>“I know!”</p>

      <p>The cooperation between the two former adventurers who had been in a party together was smooth like butter. While Lufas had claimed that Jean and Nick were weak and unneeded, they were still some of the most skilled adventurers in the world.</p>

      <p>Jean’s sword and Nick’s short sword tore Mercurius apart, giving him no time to cast magic. Shuu continuously provided support fire with his bow from behind. By aiming at Mercurius’s fingers, he prevented the devilfolk from being able to draw any magic circles. They didn’t have to think about winning. Their job this time wasn’t to clinch victory, after all. All they needed to do was buy time until their friends could defeat the enemy. That was the job of the entire front line in this battle.</p>

      <p>“Don’t underestimate me. You fools don’t even know your own place.” Mercurius sounded annoyed as he launched a tentacle at Virgo.</p>

      <p>But the attack never reached her. It was interrupted by a large armored man, Richard, who took the attack instead. The attack did manage to inflict damage, enough to go through the man’s armor, but it wasn’t lethal. As long as it wasn’t lethal, Virgo could just heal them up with heaven-arts.</p>

      <p>And Virgo was frighteningly fast! Gantz was already fully healed, as was Richard, even though he’d just taken a hit.</p>

      <p>“So irritating!” Mercurius yelled, punching Jean in the gut.</p>

      <p>Just one strike broke his ribs, and blood spilled from Jean’s mouth.</p>

      <p>Mercurius went further, kicking Nick away and getting both adventurers away from him. Using that opening, he cast a motionless spell! Completely skipping the usually necessary magic circle, he instantly ripped out blades of water that flew throughout the room. However, Mercurius’s spell that had been cast without any requisite motion didn’t have much power to it.</p>

      <p>Virgo put up a barrier and easily defended against it. All that’d been accomplished was that Mercurius had found out that wouldn’t be enough to finish the fight at all.</p>

      <p>“Yaaahhh!”</p>

      <p>Sei kicked off and jumped in, swiping with his sword. He wasn’t to be underestimated; it wasn’t just a physical attack. With the Chosen class, Sei’s skills exercised unexpected effects. “Magic Break” was one of them, a skill only available to the hero, Sei. Its effect was to damage the opponent’s SP instead of HP. It was a back-line killer and also contained a limited ability to disperse mana. In other words, it allowed Sei’s physical attack to deal real damage to Mercurius. Warriors also had a similar skill in their tree, but only Chosen obtained the skill this early.</p>

      <p>However, Mercurius wasn’t the type to just take the blow. He immediately solidified his body, changing it to ice. Then, using his hardened arm, Mercurius stopped Sei’s attack and kicked his jaw as a counter.</p>

      <p>“Gwoof!”</p>

      <p>Sei flew backward, his body drawing an arc in the air.</p>

      <p>But right afterward, a blade of light came flying at Mercurius. It was a slash of light from Virgo’s blade. Even though Mercurius managed to dodge in the moment, Virgo was right there after he did so, having closed in using low-altitude flight.</p>

      <p>Virgo’s sword flashed! Her sword made contact with Mercurius, and his expression changed.</p>

      <p>“Gkk! Agh...!”</p>

      <p>It worked! Virgo’s attack had some real effect, but her lack of battle experience worked against her as she let down her guard.</p>

      <p>Mercurius instantly changed his focus to Virgo and swung his fist. He aimed for her neck. Having decided that it would be dangerous to not kill her in one blow, Mercurius bet it all on an instant kill. With perfect timing, the ground shook wildly, throwing off his stance and his aim. As a result, Mercurius missed his opportunity, and Virgo saw the chance to close in a second time and shave away at Mercurius with her sword.</p>

      <p><em>That just now... It was that black-clad one! Just who is that man in all black...!</em> Mercurius could tell that the one who’d caused the quake was the mysterious man in all black. The man stayed silent and acted as if he had completely ignored Mercurius’s gaze, but that was even more disturbing.</p>

      <p>The situation wasn’t good for Mercurius. He had no choice but to admit that.</p>

      <p><em>I understand now. I made a mistake.</em></p>

      <p><em>I feared the revival of the guardian dragon with this elixir and made the mistake of coming to this mountain. I knew about the barrier and that I’d be weakened within it, but even so, I figured I could use the structure of the mountain to wash the heroes away with my magic. Even if I didn’t, I should have at least been able to put them on alert enough to retreat.</em></p>

      <p><em>How rash could I have been? It was my miscalculation. I never expected them to have someone who could neutralize magic.</em></p>

      <p><em>Still, I thought I could win. I was confident I could come out on top against the heroes, even though I was weakened. But... That woman named Virgo... She’s way too much trouble. Because of her, any damage I deal will just be healed, and if I show even the slightest opening, she’ll come in swinging.</em></p>

      <p>The thought of defeat rose in Mercurius’ mind along with a real sense of impending inevitability.</p>

      <p>“No! I won’t lose!” Mercurius shouted, encouraging himself before turning his whole body into a blade and attacking the heroes.</p>

      <p><em>Right. I can’t afford to lose. Even if this body is nothing but the Goddess’s puppet, I’ll never allow myself to just be something that exists to be defeated! No, I’m fine with that, actually. If that’s my fate, then there’s nothing for it.</em></p>

      <p><em>But...</em></p>

      <p><em>We devilfolk may just be puppets... But even puppets have something they want to protect!</em></p>

      <p>In the back of his mind, Mercurius thought of the girl who’d been his childhood friend, who bore the crown of the moon. He thought of her smile. It was something Mercurius thought of as a treasure, even though he knew it would never be directed at him.</p>

      <h2>16</h2>

      <p>While he was being cornered, Mercurius thought back to what had happened before he’d come to this country.</p>

      <p>The devilfolk were being made to dance. Mercurius had always thought that. He knew that they were a people of mana who would just spawn from somewhere and oppose humanity for no real reason. Mercurius also knew that if they ever stopped antagonizing humanity, they would turn into mana and die. It was as if they were a magic spell that could not fulfill its purpose.</p>

      <p><em>I know I’m a puppet. I’m nothing more than a puppet given the role of attacking humans from birth... Even if I have a sense of self, I’m still just a human-shaped tool with no free will.</em></p>

      <p><em>But why? For what purpose? Just who is making poor puppets like us?</em></p>

      <p>While walking through the dim castle, Mercurius pondered his own raison d’être. <em>Even if I won, what would happen then? If we disappear, if we don’t antagonize humans, then destroying humanity would be putting the cart before the horse. All that’ll happen is that we’ll self-destruct. Is the creator telling us to hurry up and disappear once our roles are over? How insane...</em></p>

      <p>“Mercurius!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, it’s you, Luna.”</p>

      <p>A girl with honey-colored hair stopped Mercurius. She was wearing light armor over purple inner-wear that emphasized ease of movement. It was clear she was trying to cross-dress, but it wasn’t working. The only ones who would be fooled by her dress would be idiots like Mars. She had her breasts bound in a wrap, but Mercurius knew she was pretty well stacked.</p>

      <p>As she came running over, Mercurius turned to look at her with a puzzled expression. “Luna... What’s going on with your skin and eyes?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>The racial characteristics of devilfolk were blue or green skin and eyes with the whites and blacks reversed. Luna was no exception; she should have had those characteristics. But right now, Luna was standing in front of Mercurius with white skin and human-like eyes. Mercurius had only asked that question out of idle curiosity, but Luna clearly started to panic before answering as if she were clearly trying to come up with an excuse.</p>

      <p>“Ah, no, uh... This is...infiltration! Yes, an infiltration mission. I won’t be able to enter a human town if I don’t look like a human, right?”</p>

      <p>“There shouldn’t be any point in staying in such a disguise here, though...”</p>

      <p>“Ah... Uh... B-By being like this all the time, I can get used to it so I don’t mess up in the field!”</p>

      <p><em>That’s a lie...</em> Mercurius internally criticized her rash excuse.</p>

      <p>When infiltrating a human town, devilfolk had to disguise themselves. Mercurius understood that. Jupiter did it too. In fact, Mars was basically the only idiot who would be caught dead anywhere near a human town without a disguise. That was no reason to be in human disguise all the time, though, especially because they’d be liable to be mistaken for a human and be attacked by other devilfolk.</p>

      <p>Well, there was basically no one rude enough to attack a girl from the Seven Luminaries, and even if there were, Mercurius would kill them himself. By Mercurius’ reckoning, Luna was doing this for another reason. It was probably because she was so conscious of Terra, who didn’t look like a normal devilfolk person. In an attempt to get even a little closer to him, she’d changed her appearance to match. Mercurius forced down the jealousy that welled up inside him before similarly forcing his usually still facial muscles to stretch into a smile.</p>

      <p>“It looks good on you. I don’t really like humans, but that skin color doesn’t look bad when it’s you.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really? I-I’m happy.”</p>

      <p>“By the way, what did you need? You didn’t just come to show me how you looked, right?” Mercurius asked even while internally thinking, <em>it would be nice if you did, though.</em></p>

      <p>His question prompted the girl to go, “Ah,” like she’d just remembered something before moving on to explain the reason why she’d called out to Mercurius. “That’s right. Sir Terra’s called for a gathering of the Seven Luminaries. Saturnus is already heading to the meeting room.”</p>

      <p>“Sir Terra did? Understood... I will be there immediately.”</p>

      <p>“Good. I’ll be waiting for you there.”</p>

      <p>Mercurius breathed out a small sigh as he watched Luna run off ahead.</p>

      <p><em>What a mess. I kind of don’t like this. Her eyes don’t look at me at all. She’s always thinking of someone else. Should I call him a love rival? No... This is a little different. I never had a chance, so he wouldn’t really be a rival.</em></p>

      <p><em>Well, I know I just got what was coming to me, though. I’m blunt and generally not good with words. I’m gloomy, too, and I never really say what’s on my mind. There’s no way I’d ever be able to get my affection across to the person I like. If I could be as obvious as Luna is, she’d probably notice, but that’d be impossible for me. I always reflexively play it cool and hide what I’m feeling.</em></p>

      <p>“Just go explode. Sir Terra, that is.” Mercurius muttered in a whisper before heading to the meeting room.</p>

      <p>When he opened the door, the first thing he laid eyes on was the seven-sided table symbolizing the elements. The Moon and Earth seats were already occupied. Fire, Wood, Sun, and Metal were all empty, but that couldn’t be helped. Mars and Jupiter were dead, while Venus had turned traitor. The man who held the Sun seat—Sol, the one who should have been leading them—was suspected of having been brainwashed by Venus and was excluded from the meeting.</p>

      <p>Mercurius took his place at the Water seat before looking towards their leader, Terra, who wasn’t sitting in any of the places.</p>

      <p>“It’s really empty, isn’t it?” The woman in the Earth seat, Saturnus of Earth, said with her chin resting in her hands.</p>

      <p>The Seven Luminaries weren’t a friendly bunch at all. They were more like a disorderly group of people who would strike at any opening given. But having four out of the seven members missing like this would give anyone pause.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe if we cooperated instead of just glaring at each other from across this table this could have been prevented? No, probably not...</em> Thinking back, Mercurius remembered that a certain bomb (Venus) had been right there, making sure everyone had been glaring at each other.</p>

      <p>“You’re all here.” Terra’s gaze swept over the table, confirming everyone’s presence, though there were only three people to confirm. “I believe some of you already know, but Venus was a traitor. No, rather than a traitor, I should say that she was never one of us. We have been manipulated by her all this time, resulting in unnecessary losses.”</p>

      <p>Until just recently—a scant few weeks, even—the devilfolk had held absolute superiority in their war against humans. The Seven Luminaries were certainly fearsome, but it was only while they had members of the Twelve Heavenly Stars on their side—Aigokeros and Scorpius and Aries—that they had nothing to fear from anybody or anything other than Benetnasch.</p>

      <p>But thinking back on it, that had probably been a trap set by Venus. While they’d been relaxed and overconfident in their superiority, Mars and Jupiter had been erased. As a further blow, they’d lost Aigokeros, Aries, and Scorpius. Before they’d noticed, their positions had completely flipped, and the devilfolk had been backed into a position where it was doubtful if they could even win against the forces of humanity, let alone Lufas and her lot. At this point, there was no time to be glaring at each other.</p>

      <p>Terra explained all this to the three remaining Luminaries, and they listened with serious expressions.</p>

      <p>“We cannot afford any more losses. So from now on, you all are to observe Lufas and her party, but make sure to never make contact with them under any circumstances.”</p>

      <p>Normally, this would be the time to hole up in the castle and see what happened. The humans might once again make enemies of Lufas, and they might destroy each other. Even if they didn’t, Benetnasch and Leon would certainly clash with Lufas, at least. The devilfolk were driven by circumstances that wouldn’t allow them to do that, though. They were a flawed species that would disappear if they didn’t assault humanity... Even if they wanted to cease hostilities, they couldn’t. The only thing they could do was avoid Lufas, Benetnasch, and Leon to the best of their abilities and attack other targets.</p>

      <p>“I’d do that even if you didn’t tell me to. There’s no way I’d want to fight a monster like her. Anyway, looks like it’ll just be some boring routine work, like crushing small villages, for a while.”</p>

      <p>“Saturnus... Attacking non-combatants so much is...”</p>

      <p>“You’re as stuffy as always, Luna. You know that we’re the ones who have to do this, otherwise we’ll die? I’m amazed how you can be an assassin like this. Actually, wait a second. What’s up with your eyes and skin?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Uh, this is...”</p>

      <p>Terra cleared his throat to stop Saturnus and Luna’s frivolous conversation before resuming the meeting. Although basically the only thing they did that day was come up with some countermeasures for Lufas and her group, only things like trying to predict where Lufas currently was or estimating just how much power she held. The reason they didn’t know her precise location was because all the monsters and devilfolk they’d sent out for reconnaissance had been sniped and eliminated. It was most likely the work of Libra of the Scales.</p>

      <p>By switching perspectives and focusing on where their reconnaissance was still alive, it would be possible to largely tell what area she was in and what direction she was heading. However, that would entail a large number of sacrifices. And because of Libra’s huge range and Lufas’s hyper-fast traveling speeds, the number of sacrifices they’d have to make just wasn’t worth the information they would get, especially since it wouldn’t be very accurate anyway.</p>

      <p>It was only an estimate, but it was thought that Lufas and Co. could move around one hundred kilometers in an hour. On top of that, her flight speed was swift enough that she could fly halfway around Mizgarz in minutes, judging from the speed at which Lufas herself had once moved from near Gjallarhorn to Laevateinn. Actually, given her fight with the Devil King, her maximum burst-speed could actually be several times or even tens of times faster... If she were able to keep up that speed for long distances or times, she could even make a lap around Mizgarz in a single second. What a monster. For short distances, her speed must have seemed like teleportation.</p>

      <p>At any rate, even if they could figure out where she was currently, such information would likely already be useless by the time Terra was informed. After all, Lufas could lap around the world several times before the familiar used for scouting would even be able to make it back, so the information it would have would be less than reliable, to say the least.</p>

      <p>With the meeting over, Mercurius made a beeline for the throne room, where the Devil King most likely was.</p>

      <p><em>Fighting while avoiding Lufas? That’s fine with me, but it doesn’t do anything about the fundamental problem. Even if we devilfolk manage to win this war, we’ll still just disappear. The only way to change this is to change our very existence... In other words, we need to change the rules that the Goddess wrote.</em></p>

      <p><em>If we don’t, the devilfolk have no future.</em></p>

      <p>“Your Majesty. Please excuse me.”</p>

      <p>Mercurius stepped into the throne room and bowed before his lord.</p>

      <p>It seemed that the Devil King had fought some huge battle somewhere recently, and he was busy recovering. Still, his wounds weren’t exactly severe, and he was leisurely reposed upon his throne as if he weren’t wounded at all.</p>

      <p>He narrowed his eyes in amusement at Mercurius’s visit.</p>

      <p>“Mercurius, I see. What do you need?”</p>

      <p>“Your Majesty... I beg of you to lend me your power.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... I will listen.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you! I am aware of how rude I am being when I ask you this. But I beg of you to use your ‘Key to the Heavens,’ officially titled the ‘GM Key,’ once for us devilfolk.”</p>

      <p>The Key to the Heavens was an item that only appeared in legends, something only a representative of the Goddess was allowed to hold. It was a divine tool that could bend the rules and providence of the world itself. In the past, the Goddess had given it to the first human, Aeneas, and it was passed down from generation to generation within his clan. Then, the Goddess spread the knowledge to all races across the world that even touching the key when one wasn’t her representative was the gravest of sins. Aiming for the key was nothing but a declaration of war on the Goddess herself.</p>

      <p>Thus, throughout history, no villain, monster, or even devilfolk dared to lay a hand on Aeneas’ clan. No matter how foolish they were, they couldn’t defy the Goddess. They didn’t want to. Two hundred years ago, someone appeared who picked a fight with the established order, and that person was Lufas Maphaahl. She boldly trespassed into the clan’s sanctuary and brought the chieftess, Parthenos, out along with the key.</p>

      <p>After that, the key was left with Gemini, the Twins of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, to safekeep on the ship the <em>Argo</em>. Gemini exerted the greatest combat power among all of Lufas’s subordinates, and the key was thought to be safe in their hands even now.</p>

      <p>Mercurius had a suspicion that the key was no longer on the <em>Argo</em> at all. The Devil King had gone on an expedition right after his battle with Lufas. There were very few opponents he would bother bringing as large a force against as he’d done. One was the Lion King Leon and his army. The other was the Vampire Princess Benetnasch and her city of Mjolnir. The last was Lufas Maphaahl and the Twelve Heavenly Stars under her.</p>

      <p>All of them were alive and well, with no traces that they’d fought the Devil King. Well, Lufas had, but her battle had happened before the expedition. There was only one other candidate. It could only have been the <em>Argo</em>, with their large force of heroic spirits. This meant that the key was now in the Devil King’s hands. At least, that was what Mercurius had deduced.</p>

      <p>“So you know that I have it...”</p>

      <p>“Please excuse me... I took the liberty of doing some research.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Then I will listen to you. What would you have me use the key for?”</p>

      <p>The Devil King was in high spirits. He was amused by Mercurius. <em>I need to get to the point while he’s in this mood. </em>Mercurius swallowed his saliva and answered while trying to keep his nervousness from showing on his face.</p>

      <p>“Please make us devilfolk... No, you can just do it for one person. Please save her from our fate. The only one who can do so is the one with the key, and that is you.”</p>

      <h2>17</h2>

      <p>Mercurius had but one wish, and it wasn’t for glory, honor, or the victory of the devilfolk. He was even willing to give up his own life for it. There was only one person he wanted to save. Just one person... As long as the girl he’d one-sidedly fallen in love with lived, he was happy.</p>

      <p>That was why he’d proposed an exchange with the Devil King. He’d promised the Devil King the lifeblood, or possibly the entire body, of Draupnir’s guardian dragon. The lifeblood of the guardian dragon held a large amount of mana in it, and it would increase the abilities of any creature that drank it. Mercurius knew that it was far too valuable for the Devil King to ignore. Basically, it was what Lufas would’ve referred to as a stat-boosting item, and it was one of the highest quality.</p>

      <p>Of course, there was no way Mercurius would be able to win in a straight fight, but now it was different. A certain being had poisoned it with something that could not be removed, so the guardian dragon was eminently defeatable.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t... I can’t lose. This isn’t the time to be laid low by the hero!</em></p>

      <p>“I will win! Even if I have to sell my soul to a demon—no, a god!”</p>

      <p>Virgo’s sword ripped through Mercurius’s body.</p>

      <p>Even if he tried to retaliate, the others would interfere, rendering his offense moot.</p>

      <p>The spells Kross fired from the rear dealt a small but steady amount of damage, and any wounds Mercurius managed to deal were being healed almost immediately. It was an unwinnable battle against their numbers, no matter how superior he was to any of them individually. Added to that the fact that Mercurius was weakened by the terrain itself, he stood no chance, even if he was one of the Seven Luminaries.</p>

      <p>Also, the hero was more troublesome than Mercurius had expected. Normally, the Chosen class was a hidden one that could only be accessed after having mastered all three types of Warrior, as well as the Swordmaster class. Even two hundred years ago in the Age of Heroes, only one man had managed to reach this peak—Alioth.</p>

      <p>But the hero here had managed to start with that class. It was absurd! His level and his combat ability just didn’t match up. Using Observing Eye, Mercurius knew that his level was under 40. Even so, his strength was already on par with the mercenary, Gantz.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t win like this.</em></p>

      <p>Even Mercurius, as one of the Seven Luminaries, couldn’t overturn this situation. So he made a wish to the one being he shouldn’t. And a voice answered the question he asked in his heart.</p>

      <p>“O weak puppet, do you desire strength?”</p>

      <p>A beating sound like an excited heart rang in Mercurius’ ears as something with a huge presence spoke to him. For a moment, an image popped up in the back of his mind: an otherworldly beauty with long, flowing blue hair the color of the sea. She had a similar face to Venus’s, who had once been his comrade, but the power of this woman was nowhere near comparable.</p>

      <p>That was when Mercurius realized. <em>Ah, it’s her. She is our creator. No. Our caster.</em></p>

      <p>“Hmph, so even my desperate struggles are nothing but theater for you, huh? Well, that’s fine by me. I’ll be your puppet. I’ll become a bit part in your shit play. So Goddess! Give me power! Enough that I’ll never lose to anyone!”</p>

      <p><em>I think I can see her sneering with a chuckle. Yeah. She’s laughing at me. She’s looking down on me.</em></p>

      <p><em>I know already. I’ll never be able to go back if I do this, right?</em> Mercurius instinctively knew that he was about to go down a path of no return. By discarding “Mercurius the devilfolk,” a completed spell, and creating a new one with power jacked up past eleven, he would no longer be Mercurius. He would just be a powerful Water spell.</p>

      <p>Mercurius lost his form, melting into something like an amoeba. He could feel himself losing his own sense of self.</p>

      <p>“All right.”</p>

      <p>Mercurius’s body was filled with an amazing and terrifying amount of divine power. Everyone else’s expressions froze upon seeing a devilfolk emit a holy light that should have never been emitted from him. The sudden development exceeded their ability to process the situation. Mercurius’s transformation was incredible. He lost his human form, melting into a liquid. On top of that, the water that he was made up of had clearly gained in volume, and the huge amount of water rushed forward like an avalanche, threatening to swallow up the hero and his group.</p>

      <p>Virgo and Kross managed to react and put up a shield, but they didn’t seem like they’d last long.</p>

      <p>Aries discarded his black robe and jumped forward. Covering his fist in flames, Aries struck! Using massive strength that belied his appearance, Aries struck the blob that used to be Mercurius with enough power to crack the earth.</p>

      <p>But although Aries’s target was blown back, it wasn’t hurt. Some of the water had evaporated, but it grew back very quickly.</p>

      <p>“Huh? What? Wh-Who?!”</p>

      <p>Sei was confused by Aries’s sudden appearance, but Aries himself had no time to answer. Aries, immediately realizing that this battlefield was no good for him, shot flame bullets from his fists to melt the wall, creating a large hole. Then, he picked Virgo up and leapt out of the hole without even consulting her. Together, they escaped from the area.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, isn’t that the girl—no wait, boy—who was in Svel...?”</p>

      <p>“The hell’re you talkin’ about, old man?! I’m not super sure what’s goin’ on, but we gotta make tracks too! This place is dangerous!”</p>

      <p>Gantz was surprised, since he’d seen Aries once, but no one else had any idea what he was talking about. What they did understand was that the girl(?) was clearly a different person than the man in black from the hunting festival, and that she’d probably somehow replaced him.</p>

      <p>The rest of the group, except for Sei, hurried to escape from the hole Aries had opened. Sei ran the opposite way, seeming to have noticed something. He ran and picked up a small bottle that’d fallen to the ground before following the rest out of the hole. Right afterward, the room completely filled with water, which started to engulf the sacred mountain itself.</p>

      <p>Before that, Sei and the rest of the group slid down the mountain in an almost superhuman show of physical ability, regrouping with Petto, who hurried over to them.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What happened, all of you?!”</p>

      <p>“I don’t know! Mercurius suddenly transformed...”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s Mercurius?!”</p>

      <p>Kross answered Petto’s question roughly, clearly unable to get over his confusion, but it was only natural for him to have no idea what was going on. One of the Seven Luminaries transforming was something without precedent. The mass of water didn’t even have a shadow of Mercurius left now as it roared and continued to increase in volume. At this rate, it wouldn’t just engulf the mountain, it would swallow all of Draupnir.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Kross... What do we even do about this? There’s no way my ax will work, will it?” Gantz’s gaze was far-off as he asked Kross, but he never expected an answer.</p>

      <p>“E-Even magic’s useless on that thing, so don’t ask me!”</p>

      <p>Just as he had expected, Kross didn’t, and everyone fell into silence. In the end, everyone’s opinions were united. <em>There’s nothing we can do</em>. <em>That thing is just impossible for humans to deal with.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“W-Wait a second, Aries! Where are we going?!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? We’re meeting back up with Miss Lufas, of course.”</p>

      <p>Aries was still carrying Virgo as he jumped through the tops of trees in the forest, trying to get away from Mercurius. At the very least, Aries would never lose to Mercurius, but there was no doubt the current situation was rather troublesome. Aries couldn’t discount the improbable happening if he tried to fight while protecting Virgo, so he decided to prioritize the mission given to him by Lufas; he prioritized Virgo’s safety. He’d actually wanted to have Virgo fight and win so she could gain some confidence, but now that there was serious danger to her life, he couldn’t afford to do that.</p>

      <p><em>I need to meet up with Miss Lufas to make sure Virgo’s safe.</em></p>

      <p>“Meet up...? But what about everyone else?!”</p>

      <p>“Hmm? Well they’ll just have to do their best to run... No, I guess that’s impossible. That water is increasing faster than they can run.”</p>

      <p>“Then don’t we have to go back?!”</p>

      <p>Aries didn’t really care about some humans who he didn’t actually know. To be perfectly honest, he didn’t even really care if this country got wiped out or not either. Aries was fundamentally calm and peaceful, and he was one of the easiest to negotiate with among the Twelve Heavenly Stars. But the basis for his motivations were in the following order:</p>

      <p>1) Lufas</p>

      <p>2) Lufas</p>

      <p>3) Lufas</p>

      <p>4) Lufas</p>

      <p>5) Everything Else</p>

      <p>On top of that, the “everything else” category was eighty percent friends and family. He actually allotted almost no emotional space for anybody outside of that. In the end, Aries was a sheep. He prioritized his herd. Aries was the type to watch the leader make a mistake and do the same thing right afterward anyway. Basically, he just didn’t care much about anyone outside his circle. But for all that, he’d be willing to go to the ends of the earth for a person once he warmed up to them.</p>

      <p>“Everyone else is still there. We need to save them!”</p>

      <p>“You want me to buy time for them to escape? That much water is gonna be a huge pain...”</p>

      <p>“But you can do it. Right, Aries?”</p>

      <p>“Well, yeah...”</p>

      <p>“Then please!”</p>

      <p>Aries was happy to put his life on the line for people in his circle, but in his mind, fighting for anyone outside of that was just a waste of effort. On top of that, the hero was there. And the hero was basically Lufas’s enemy.</p>

      <p><em>Why do I have to pick this meaningless fight to help the enemy?</em> Aries wondered sincerely. <em>But if I don’t do this, Virgo might be hurt emotionally...</em></p>

      <p>After a bit of thought, Aries decided to try to maintain Virgo’s emotional state.</p>

      <p><em>Judging by how they were fighting, the hero will be easy prey. If they show any signs of opposing us, I can just kill them somewhere Virgo won’t see.</em></p>

      <p>“Okay... I’ll go back!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>