<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_7">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Aries kicked off a tree and changed direction, turning back to the sacred mountain. He made sure to drop off Virgo at the very edge of the water’s attack range.</p>

      <p>“You make sure they get away, Virgo. I’ll go play with that thing in the meantime.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay, got it.”</p>

      <p>Having dropped off Virgo, Aries kicked off the ground, traveling even faster than he had been before. Then, with plenty of momentum, he enveloped himself in fire and tackled the mass of water. Aries pierced through both Mercurius and the mountain itself, coming out again on the other side. Then, he turned around and charged in a second time. Once again, he went straight through and came out the other side, evaporating any water in his path. But right after, the water filled back in.</p>

      <p>There was looking to be no end to this battle. It seemed to be converting nearby mana into water to add to its mass, so burning it would effectively do nothing if something wasn’t done about the mana in the area as well.</p>

      <p>“Well then, it looks like I’ll just have to try some stuff out.”</p>

      <p>Aries once again charged in, but this time he swung his fist up towards the sky. The shockwave generated huge winds, forming a tornado that launched Mercurius upward into the air. Aries jumped after it, slamming several dozen kicks wreathed in fire into it in a single second. Aries continued to kick, punch, and tackle through Mercurius, all the while using trees and boulders as platforms to jump off of, continuing to attack the blob of water faster than it could fall. From the outside, it looked like a bullet of rainbow-colored flame was zooming around freely, showering a huge water monster with blows.</p>

      <p>Dodging a tentacle of water that was launched at him, Aries shot fire from his hands like a vernier thruster to accelerate in the air. He closed the gap between them. Then, Aries put his all into a single kick. The resultant shockwave sent Mercurius flying. As soon as that happened, Aries wasted no time in stretching out his arms.</p>

      <p>“Haaahhhh...!”</p>

      <p>Aries shot out a hail of fire bullets. He fired, fired, and fired some more! The plan was to see if it was possible to evaporate the water faster than it regenerated or maybe even completely disintegrate it. The bullets of fire Ares shot carved out chunks of Mercurius over and over, the evaporated water returning to mana once it could no longer maintain its shape. The mass of water, which was bigger than the mountain, visibly shrank until it was eventually about the size of the original Mercurius.</p>

      <p>It didn’t matter to Aries how big Mercurius had gotten. After all, Aries’s attacks all inflicted percent damage. It worked equally well on all things, no matter what they were.</p>

      <p>“Mesarthim!”</p>

      <p>Aries raised both hands, generating a giant ball of fire. This fire was the source of Aries’s percentile damage and his special ability. Its effect was to deal percentile damage to any enemy touching it, which meant that long, drawn-out battles were in Aries’s favor.</p>

      <p>Aries threw the ball of fire, enveloping Mercurius with it. If Lufas were watching, she may have retorted, “I told you, it’s not that kind of skill.”</p>

      <p>“O-Oogghhhh! OOOOOGGHH!” Mercurius screamed his death throes as his body disappeared.</p>

      <p>As long as the flames didn’t disappear, he would continue to burn forever. It was probably hell for him. By continuously dealing percentile damage, the opponent would eventually be left at 1 HP, which wouldn’t be able to be taken away by percentages. The flames that continued to burn Mercurius were basically an attack that would continuously apply percentile damage as long as it wasn’t extinguished. It was much scarier than any normal amount of fixed damage.</p>

      <p>Eventually, Mercurius was shrunk to a tiny fragment of water, his HP obviously at 1. Aries shot a single flame bullet, evaporating the last bit of water and completely obliterating Mercurius. Normally, that would have been the end. Mercurius had been completely evaporated, so there was no way for the fight to continue.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Yeah, I figured this would happen.”</p>

      <p>But Mercurius was no longer normal. The surrounding mana once again started to change into water, and Aries scratched his cheek, wondering what to do.</p>

      <h2>18</h2>

      <p>Aries’s face scrunched up in consternation as he looked at the increasing amount of water. If the mana would always just turn back into water no matter how much he punched or burned it, then there was nothing he could do. Death for the devilfolk should have happened when they were no longer able to maintain their bodies made out of mana. Just like a magic spell, they would disperse back into mana, losing physical shape, but it wasn’t as if they disappeared. They’d only turned back into mana, and that mana would be there always.</p>

      <p>Right now, Mercurius had turned into a monster that would literally never permanently die no matter how many times he was killed. No matter how many times his body was utterly destroyed and turned to mana, the same mana would always form right back up. Aries had no way to erase the mana itself. He was stuck. Aries would never lose this fight. That was how big the gap between the two combatants was. But it was nigh impossible for Aries to actually defeat Mercurius for good.</p>

      <p>As far as Aries knew, there were only three people capable of doing such a thing. The first was his lord and master, Lufas Maphaahl. She would be able to gather all the mana that used to be Mercurius before it formed up again and change it into a golden apple. The next was Aigokeros. He’d be able to use all the mana that used to be Mercurius for an illusion. In other words, he’d use the mana for a different purpose before Mercurius reformed. The last was Parthenos. She’d be able to use her skill Vindemiatrix to erase the mana itself. Basically, she’d be able to cut off the source of Mercurius’s regeneration.</p>

      <p>Neither of those three were here.</p>

      <p><em>No, wait... It’s not three people. It’s four. </em>Aries glanced over at the faraway figure of Virgo. <em>She might... Parthenos’s successor might be able to erase this monster. But that would require putting her in danger.</em></p>

      <p>Aries honestly wanted to just throw away this entire country and stop this pointless battle, but he’d just learned that Virgo wouldn’t allow that.</p>

      <p><em>It looks like she’ll have to be the main force in killing him, and I’ll just have to support her as best I can. </em>Strangely enough, it was looking like Aries would be able to follow Lufas’s order to support Virgo after all.</p>

      <p>“Vindemiatrix!”</p>

      <p>While Aries was sunk in thought, a wave of light passed by Aries’s side, hitting Mercurius. The part that got hit had its mana completely erased. Virgo lined up next to Aries, flapping her wings.</p>

      <p>“You’re done leading them away?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. They’ve made it to the capital. I think Petto can handle the rest, somehow.”</p>

      <p>It seemed like Virgo was set on fighting.</p>

      <p><em>Just as she looks, she’s a really kind person, </em>Aries thought, but he didn’t consider that a bad thing. He quite liked how she gave it her all to accomplish what she could, even though she might have lacked some strength. Aries saw himself in her and her desperate attempts to get stronger. It made him strangely happy.</p>

      <p>“Okay. Then I’ll defend against its attacks. You just concentrate on erasing as much mana as you can. Even if you don’t manage to get it all, we’ll be able to lessen any casualties that way.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, I’ll try!”</p>

      <p>Having decided to support Virgo, Aries covered his fist in flames and spread his arms to either side. Then, he clapped both hands together, releasing the gathered fire all at once. Immediately afterward, hot wind blew all around where Aries’s hands met, billowing his hair out. The shockwaves from the attack gouged out the ground around Aries, and the violent stream of fire that was unleashed from his hands evaporated Mercurius’s body.</p>

      <p>Following up on that, Virgo unleashed her mana-erasing skill, shaving away even more of Mercurius’s body, but Mercurius was still increasing in volume faster than they were erasing him. Currently, Mercurius was a blob of water larger than the mountain he was covering, and the blob had spouted a tentacle that was steadily creeping towards the capital.</p>

      <p>“A-At this rate, Draupnir will...!”</p>

      <p>Aries stopped Virgo, who had been about to fly off towards the capital in a panic, before throwing some fire at the water tentacle and evaporating it.</p>

      <p>“Calm down, Virgo. The mana he’s made of isn’t infinite. As long as we continue erasing it, it’ll be that much less attacking the capital.”</p>

      <p><em>Why do I always end up fighting enemies like Levia that I have a bad affinity with? </em>The thought made Aries want to cry in grief. <em>Why is it that I fight Water-attributed enemies </em>every<em> time?</em></p>

      <p><em>At least this is definitely working. </em>This meant that the only thing left to find out. Would the capital be engulfed before Virgo managed to completely erase the enemy?</p>

      <p><em>Well... It looks like Virgo can only be so calm because she thinks the capital will be fine. Anyway, my first priority is to protect Virgo here. </em>Aries resolved himself to unleash his full power.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Something’s up...”</p>

      <p>Dina, who’d been searching for the Archer in the capital and had gotten absolutely nothing, looked up towards the mountain. Aigokeros followed suit, and they both were just in time to see a flood of water heading towards them. It seemed as if some sort of incident had happened on the mountain Virgo and Aries had gone to. The water was on a direct course for the capital, so Dina and Aigokeros would naturally be caught up in it as well.</p>

      <p>But Water magic was something Dina was good at. With a quick motion of her finger, the encroaching water all balled up in a single spot. On top of that, she activated Exgate. It swallowed all of the balled-up water. Dina set the exit of the gate in another world but canceled the spell while the water was still traveling from one side to the other. By doing that, she’d trapped the clump of water in between dimensions, effectively exiling it. With that, the water would no longer be able to find its way out on its own. It would be forever trapped between Mizgarz and a different world.</p>

      <p>This technique, the “Subspace Seal,” was something born from abuse of the Exgate ability. Even those able to use Exgate wouldn’t be able to use it unless they knew how Exgates worked inside and out. Even the Wise King probably wouldn’t be able to copy this feat. In other words, this technique was almost something unique to Dina.</p>

      <p>“Hmph!”</p>

      <p>A black wave flew from Aigokeros’s hand, blowing apart the water. The water, which should have dispersed into mana, reformed and continued on like nothing had happened. Aigokeros understood what had happened at a single glance. He knew that the water was special, and that it would regenerate from mana even if you erased it.</p>

      <p><em>Normally, magic that can’t maintain its shape anymore simply ends and becomes mana again. For some reason, this one simply turns back into water even if you reduce it back to mana. Honestly, this should be impossible. It’s as if the caster is nearby and just recasting the spell every time. But if it just reforms from the mana, then things are simple. I just need to use that mana before it turns back.</em></p>

      <p>With his course of action decided, Aigokeros used the surrounding mana to create an illusion of himself. He crafted a phantom of himself even larger than what he had made when he’d fought Luna, and it was still getting bigger. His phantom passed ten meters in height, then twenty meters, then thirty meters. Finally a demon large enough to touch the heavens descended upon Draupnir in all his sinister glory. The sky darkened, the clouds turned black, and lightning and thunder made themselves known. It was truly the manifestation of a demon lord. It was like a king of demons had appeared to ruin Draupnir’s peace and lead them to destruction and hell.</p>

      <p>“A-A monsteeerrrrrr?!”</p>

      <p>“S-Save usss!”</p>

      <p>Of course, the beastfolk all panicked and scattered to the four winds in a bid to escape.</p>

      <p>Looking down at the pitiful beastfolk who were like specks to him, Aigokeros laughed loudly with a voice that made the spirits of anyone hearing it creak with strain. “Ha ha ha ha ha ha! Foolish beastfolk. Be afraid! Run! This is how you should be! HA HA HA HA HA HA!”</p>

      <p><em>This goat’s really excited about this, isn’t he?</em> Dina thought. <em>Oh well. He is a demon, after all. He just loves seeing people scared.</em></p>

      <p>“Um... Aigokeros? Our enemy isn’t Draupnir, you know?”</p>

      <p>“Mm? Oh. Right.”</p>

      <p>“As long as you know.”</p>

      <p>Having been corrected by Dina, the giant demon scratched his head. Then, remembering his original objective, he looked off into the distance. There, Virgo and Aries were fighting but having a bit of trouble. <em>Get it together,</em> Aigokeros thought while moving to support them.</p>

      <p>His real body was still in its old gentleman form, but it was enveloped in his giant illusion and couldn’t be seen from the outside. From the outside, it just looked like a demon large enough to reach the heavens had started advancing towards the sacred mountain.</p>

      <p>At least, that was what Sei, who was standing a ways away, thought.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is that...?!”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s... Yes, there’s no doubt! That repulsive form... It has to be Aigokeros of the Twelve Heavenly Stars! He is the most utterly evil of the Twelve Stars and hates everything good and just!”</p>

      <p>“Good and just...? N-No way!”</p>

      <p>“Yes... What you’re thinking is probably true. I’m sure he thinks of Virgo’s brightness as an eyesore... I can only surmise that he’s appeared here to kill that angel he probably hates!”</p>

      <p>Kross’s incredible misunderstanding caused Sei’s face to pale. In the back of his mind, he thought of a certain black-winged ruler. <em>I see. If the master is a monster, then the subordinates will be the same. </em>Sei could definitely see that giant demon, who seemed like a final boss himself, serving under Lufas. And the sight of Aigokeros closing in on Virgo, with her shining white wings, totally looked like a great demon going to kill an angel.</p>

      <p>The reality was the complete opposite. The goat and the maiden were comrades. But who would’ve believed that?</p>

      <p>The confusion and chaos only continued to accelerate, and a pillar of fire erupted from the mountain, revealing a giant monster that equaled Aigokeros in size.</p>

      <p>“MEEEEeEEEEEEeeeeEEEEEEEeeeeeEEEEEEEeeEEEEEEEHHHHhhhHH!”</p>

      <p>It was a giant sheep wreathed in shining, rainbow-colored flame. It was one of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, Aries!</p>

      <p>Gantz, who recognized the form, turned ghastly pale, and his fingers started to shake. The only thought going through his head was, <em>This sucks.</em></p>

      <p>Behind her was the Goat. Before her was the Ram. The white-winged angel was completely trapped in a pincer. Anyone could easily tell she was dead. In reality, both the Goat and the Ram were Virgo’s friends, but it would be unreasonable to expect anyone to realize that at first glance.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Sei, where do you think you’re going?!”</p>

      <p>“Where do you<em> think</em>?! I’m going to save Virgo!”</p>

      <p>Gantz grabbed onto Sei’s wrist to try to stop him as he tried to run off. “Don’t be stupid! What the hell do you think you can even do?!”</p>

      <p>While trying to fight against Mercurius would have been bad enough, the situation now was completely different. Gantz understood very well the fearsomeness of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, since he’d experienced it up close with Aries. To him, they were monsters beyond human ken. When they were around, the words “fight,” “win,” or even “lose,” didn’t exist. They were just on a whole other level. The Twelve Heavenly Stars were like mobile calamities. No person could actually fight them in the conventional sense of the word. Not only that, but there were two of them in the same place! There was no fighting that.</p>

      <p>“Listen to me. Don’t mistake bravery for recklessness. Taking on an impossible enemy with no plan is nothing but reckless. You’re still immature, but someday you’ll be so strong we won’t even compare to you. Until then, you need to stay away from those monsters. Just bear with it right now.”</p>

      <p>Sei bit his lip, frustrated at his own powerlessness. He couldn’t just sit still and watch Virgo get killed, but he knew that there was nothing he could actually do.</p>

      <p><em>Why am I so weak? Why am I so stupid? I don’t have the ability to save even a single girl, and I don’t have the smarts to figure a way out of this.</em></p>

      <p>The boy’s fists shook in frustration. The situation was only getting worse. Now a giant scorpion had appeared as well. Following that, a giant crab showed itself in the forest along with Libra of the Scales, the strongest golem in Mizgarz. That totaled five Stars gathered. The Ram, the Goat, the Scorpion, the Crab, and the Scales were all here, and in the next moment, they all bowed deeply.</p>

      <p><em>What’s going on?</em> Sei strained his eyes. He could barely make out a figure in a deep-crimson robe in front of all the monsters. <em>Just who could even control all these monsters?</em></p>

      <p>As that thought ran through Sei’s mind, a strong gust of wind blew off the robe’s hood. The figure turned out to be a blonde woman whose hair turned scarlet at the ends. There was no mistaking her. Sei had only seen her once, but he would never forget her.</p>

      <p>“Lufas Maphaahl...”</p>

      <p>Yes, the only one a bunch of monsters beyond human ken would obey was a monster even further removed from human ken than they were. Sei shuddered and his lips trembled as the whole of Draupnir was shrouded in despair.</p>

      <p>Kross even cried, “The world is over!” before fainting.</p>

      <h2>19</h2>

      <p>“Sorry.”</p>

      <p>Seeing the three idiots—Aigokeros, Scorpius, and Karkinos—bowing in front of me, I had to fight the urge to clutch at my head.</p>

      <p><em>Just where should I start...? Still, it’s not like the story’s going to be very long. First, let’s see... Yeah, let’s start with how I was searching for the Archer with Scorpius.</em></p>

      <p>Well, there wasn’t much to this part of the story. It was a little sad, but in the end, neither of us found any clues.</p>

      <p>As I was considering regrouping with everyone, a torrent of water came flowing out of the mountain. All that was fine. Well, it wasn’t, but compared to the rest it was. I could easily just transmute a wall or blow the water away with wind pressure from my fists. You know, like how my missed blows had split the oceans while I’d fought the Devil King? It’d be a variation of that.</p>

      <p>The problem was when Aigokeros absorbed the surrounding mana to erase the regenerating water, creating a giant illusion of himself. On top of that, Aries followed suit. Seeing that, Scorpius meaninglessly did the same out of some sense of rivalry or something, and Karkinos also joined in. When I tried asking them why they’d done such a thing, the answer that came back was that “it just kinda seemed like the thing to do.”</p>

      <p>I reflexively punched Karkinos hard.</p>

      <p>As a result, we were now in this disastrous situation, with a giant crab, scorpion, goat, and ram having appeared in Draupnir. In a panic, I went as fast as I could to scold these idiots. <em>Seriously, what the hell do I do? I mean, look at how completely terrified the beastfolk of Draupnir are.</em> Aigokeros had meaninglessly changed the weather, and now what had once been a nice sunny day was ruined, marred by dark, sinister clouds.</p>

      <p>This was just a small detail, but it’d been the effect of the Moon elemental spell “Moonlit Night.” In the game, its effect was to switch day to night and vice versa. <em>Exgate Online</em> had six stages of light in its day/night cycle, which was linked with real time. Those stages were early morning, morning, noon, evening, night, and midnight. Depending on the stage of time, events and spawning-type monsters differed, or the spawn points of the monsters themselves would change location instead of the monsters spawned.</p>

      <p>For example, monsters who were active during the day and slept during the night in lore would all disappear from grasslands and forests during the night end of the cycle and instead start appearing in caves. By the way, the monsters that did tended to start off battle in a sleeping state, so there was merit for those who logged in during the night, since it made hunting easier.</p>

      <p>Also, there was one race among the players that was very affected by this cycle. Of course, they were the nobles of the night, vampires. They were a really extreme race that would be stupidly strong if you logged in to play at night, but during the morning and noon times they’d take a huge stat debuff. It was only a matter of course that the devs were flooded with requests saying, “Do something about this shit system!”</p>

      <p>That was only natural. Even if the character was a vampire, the players weren’t. Some people held the opinion that the people who’d chosen to become vampires were at fault, but this affected other players who could only log in during specific times of the day too. There were people who could only log in during the day or during the night due to real-life circumstances, so, the devs were forced to add spells and items that could invert day and night in the next patch.</p>

      <p>Of course, these effects didn’t truly change the time in-game. If they’d done that, the entire game would’ve been thrown into confusion by all the players changing the time of day left and right. Plus, the load on the server would’ve also been huge. It didn’t actually change day to night or vice versa. It only allowed the player to gain the effects of said time. For example, if used during the day, then monsters that only appeared at night would start spawning in the area, and vampires would also no longer be debuffed, among other things.</p>

      <p><em>Although... Recently, my game knowledge has been really unreliable. I even start wondering whether what I’m saying is strange or not while I’m saying it. I mean, like...? Would this really be possible from a game as ridiculous as that?</em></p>

      <p>Anyway, I got off topic. It’s a bad habit of mine to just go off forever on a tangent once I think of it.</p>

      <p>At any rate, my point was that the spell didn’t actually switch night into day and vice versa originally. But of course, in-game systems like that wouldn’t apply here. Aigokeros had seriously managed to turn the area into night, with the sky wrapped in darkness as if it were the end of the world.</p>

      <p><em>Wait a second. What the hell is going on with this planet’s rotation? Switching day and night in an instant would mean fast-forwarding the rotation of the planet, but, like wouldn’t changing the rotational speed of the planet be really bad? Also, since the law of inertia applies to a planet’s spin, won’t it be that way forever once it’s been changed?</em></p>

      <p>Taking Earth as an example, there was a theory that there used to be only five hours in a day. The Earth gradually slowed down, though, and now there were twenty-four hours in a day. The theory posited that in the future, the day might be even longer... Whoops, I derailed again. Anyway.</p>

      <p>This world really didn’t adhere to the laws of physics at all. Things were so obviously strange that even someone as dumb as I was could tell. It really was a fantasy world. Also, I have to apologize. I said that it wouldn’t be that long, but that was a lie. This has gotten pretty long.</p>

      <p>“All of you are so hopeless... Libra, why are you bowing too?” I asked while putting the hood of my robe back on, which had gotten blown off by the wind. I was only scolding the three idiots who’d turned giant, not Libra. But for some reason she was also bowing her head. I’d had to ask.</p>

      <p>“No, I thought this would look better. This will help keep the hero’s party over there in check, and it will show how powerful you are, master.”</p>

      <p>“Wha—?!”</p>

      <p>Flustered, I looked off into the distance.</p>

      <p>She wasn’t lying. The hero’s party really was there.</p>

      <p><em>Goddamn, they’re looking this way, and they’re really scared. Now it totally looks like </em>we’re<em> the invaders. This is totally just a scenario where a bunch of enemies show up in front of the heroes all of a sudden. Thanks to that stupid Aigokeros’s unnecessary lines earlier, the beastfolk are completely terrified too. My public image is just getting worse and worse.</em></p>

      <p><em>Hmm... What should I do about this...? Even if I say that I’m not an enemy and that I’m not scary, it won’t be convincing or trustworthy at all, will it?</em></p>

      <p>“Hmm?”</p>

      <p>While I was thinking, I’d noticed something strange. Well, it wasn’t exactly strange... From an objective viewpoint his movements were unusual, though. For some reason, a boy who was probably the hero broke away from the group and was walking this way.</p>

      <p><em>What’s this? Is he seriously going to try and fight me? Sorry to break the bad news, but this isn’t bravery, kid. It’s recklessness.</em> Even if he were the hero, there was no way I would lose against someone who was only level 30.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I guess I should just see what he wants for now. Even if he does try to take a swipe at me, it won’t be any trouble at all with the differences in our strength anyway. I can just knock him out if he does try.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p><em>I can hear my heart beating so loudly. My palms are sweating, and even though I haven’t done anything yet, I’m out of breath.</em></p>

      <p>Having shaken off his comrade’s attempts at stopping him, Sei had arrived in front of one of the great evils of Mizgarz said to rival the Devil King: Lufas Maphaahl and her subordinates. Luckily, he could tell that the Great Conqueror had yet to decide to kill him. If she had, his head would already have been separated from his body.</p>

      <p>Honestly, Sei was terrified seeing Lufas’s sudden appearance. There was no point in trying to cover it up; he was well and truly afraid. The only thing that barely managed to get him to not run away was the fact that the reason he was here in the first place was to gather information on the Great Conqueror or to meet the girl herself.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah... Didn’t Mergrez say already? The Wise King said so himself. Lufas Maphaahl is not an enemy.</em></p>

      <p><em>So... So don’t you dare run away, me! If I run away, peace will become impossible. Nothing’ll change if I don’t walk to her.</em></p>

      <p>“Lufas Maphaahl... Right?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. It seems you’ve already found us out. Then We suppose there is no reason to hide our face.”</p>

      <p>Sei managed to barely squeeze out his question, to which Lufas answered while giving off no sense of tension or nervousness at all before she removed the hood covering her face. By doing so, she released her golden hair, allowing it to spill out, and revealed her face, which could appropriately be described as “too beautiful for this world.”</p>

      <p>Her looks were... Yes, if you only considered her looks, she would be perfect. She was dainty and beautiful, and men would gladly protect her. What prevented all that was the aura of strength exuding from every pore of her body. Her looks and her sheer presence just didn’t match up. It was enough to make a person think that they were being shown an illusion of a beautiful girl when the girl was actually a giant monster even larger than the giant demon that had appeared earlier.</p>

      <p>Actually, because Sei had gotten somewhat stronger since the last time, he understood this even more vividly. He’d been made to.</p>

      <p><em>This is the Great Conqueror. This is someone at level 1000. This is the pinnacle of strength in Mizgarz!</em></p>

      <p>Once again, Sei reaffirmed his conviction that the country of Laevateinn had some fundamental screws loose when they’d tried to summon him to defeat the Great Conqueror.</p>

      <p><em>Someone would have to be insane to even think of fighting her. Even if it wasn’t me... Even if they managed to get the entire JSDF with full gear, they’d only maybe be able to fi— No, never mind. It’d still be impossible.</em> Even with all that, Sei just couldn’t imagine the other person winning. Just by herself, this woman held enough power and force to easily exceed an entire Earth country’s military. <em>Would a nuclear weapon even be able to kill her...?</em></p>

      <p>This wasn’t a simile or a metaphor. Lufas Maphaahl would be able to take on the entire world. On top of that, she even had the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, her subordinates, with her and was steadily regaining her past strength.</p>

      <p><em>I’m so glad I was the one summoned...</em> Sei rejoiced from the bottom of his heart. He gave thanks that he was the one that had been summoned. <em>Thank goodness it was a coward like me who isn’t worthy of being a hero. If someone else... If some other person who had the “bravery” to fight Lufas, someone who truly fit this world’s definition of a hero, were summoned... This world would have definitely been over. That would have solidified an unavoidable future of destruction.</em></p>

      <p><em>There’s the Goddess, the Devil King, and the Great Conqueror. No way humanity survives if they antagonize all three of them. I’m sure that summoning was technically a failure, but that turned out good for the world in the end. There’s no way a brave hero should be called to fight evil as Mizgarz is now.</em></p>

      <p><em>Well, if I were to be really greedy, I’d ask for someone who can think quicker and is calmer than I am, someone with the ability to make sense of any situation and with lots of negotiating ability... I’d wish someone like that got called instead of me,</em> Sei thought. He came to the conclusion that from an objective standpoint, he was one of the better options. He was neither the best nor the worst possible outcome. <em>I’d like to think that I’m not someone who should never have been called here, but I’m definitely not the perfect fit for this.</em></p>

      <p><em>Anyway, I’m the one who ended up here, so I’ll just have to do my best to accomplish what only I can. And that is mediation with Lufas Maphaahl, something that the people of this world would assume to be impossible. That is my duty.</em></p>

      <p>“Child from another world, there is no need to be so tense. The fact that you’ve come before us alone means you have quite some promise.”</p>

      <p>Sei reflexively gulped. There was no way he wouldn’t be surprised to hear the first words out of Lufas’s mouth be “child from another world.”</p>

      <p><em>I have no idea how, but she already knows what I am. As I thought, I just can’t get a read on her.</em></p>

      <p>“Now, what is it? You came this far because you had something to speak about, no? Ask anything. We are feeling exceptionally good right now. We will answer pretty much anything at the moment, no matter how foolish it is.” Lufas chuckled, showing off her bewitching side.</p>

      <p><em>Am I being tested? Or is she for real right now? At any rate, I’ve been given permission to speak, which means I have to say everything now before she changes her mind.</em></p>

      <p>“Th-Then, I’ll take you up on that...”</p>

      <p>Sei gulped, swallowing some saliva and desperately trying to collect all the questions in his head.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t just organize these and ask in order. I have to try to predict the answer and pick whatever is least likely to make her mad and kill me. But I won’t be able to ask about anything important if I just try to stay safe like that. So think. My only weapon right now is my shit brain. Nothing else even has a chance of working on Lufas. Don’t forget... This beautiful lady in front of me can easily turn humans into chunks of meat for sport.</em></p>

      <p>“Then first... What are you doing in this country?”</p>

      <p><em>Everything begins here, </em>Sei firmly told himself, solidifying his resolve to walk this exceptionally dangerous tightrope.</p>

      <h2>20</h2>

      <p>Lufas crossed her arms, considering Sei’s question.</p>

      <p>Sei had no choice but to steady himself and wait for Lufas to act. He had to be ready so that no matter what ridiculous things came out of her mouth when she next spoke, he’d be able to remain calm. In contrast to Sei’s attitude, which was like a soldier marching to his death, Lufas’s words were disarming, to say the least.</p>

      <p>“Not anything, really.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What? You’re saying you have no purpose here?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The reason We came here in the first place was to test the mettle of one of our subordinates. Now that that’s over, We don’t really have anything active to do here.”</p>

      <p>After hearing Lufas’s reply, Sei sunk into thought while trying to keep his emotions off his face. <em>I don’t think she’s lying, but she’s definitely not telling the whole truth either. If she were truly done here, she’d be gone already. If she’s still around even after the hunting festival, then that means she has a reason for it. But I also don’t think that reason puts her in opposition with this country.</em></p>

      <p>“By the way, how long do you all plan to stay like that? You’re all intimidating with those bodies, even just standing around. Hurry up and turn human again,” Lufas called out to those behind her.</p>

      <p>The giants that had been standing there all disappeared at once. Instead, there was a white-haired old gentleman, a really exposed woman, and a young man in red clothing. Sei remembered all of them. <em>Right, I’m sure of it... These were the strange people who were lining up with Virgo two days ago. That means Virgo is the subordinate Lufas was talking about... No wonder she was so strong...</em></p>

      <p>Sei wasn’t surprised by that realization. In fact, it felt like a mystery solved to him. She was neither a hero nor a great conqueror, but she still rivaled Friedrich and had the strange ability to erase mana itself.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, I see now. Of course she’s no regular person. If she’s Lufas Maphaahl’s follower, everything makes sense. After all, she can raise other people’s levels easily. I was tricked... Well, not actually, I guess.</em></p>

      <p>For a split second, Sei suspected that Virgo had deceived him, but he quickly put the kibosh on that idea. At the very least, Virgo herself was a pure, good girl. There was no doubt about that, and if that had been acting, then Sei felt that his own ability to read people would be to blame. <em>In the end, I’m just not that smart. I’ll just have to rely on instinct and gut feeling here. </em>Sei decided to trust the girl that he’d met, talked to, and fought with. And because of that trust, another path just opened up for him.</p>

      <p>“There’s a girl named Virgo who was with us but decided to stay behind to fight the Luminary at the foot of the mountain. Is she with you?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, so you were one of the top rankers in the hunting festival too. Libra...”</p>

      <p>“Yes, he is telling the truth. I can detect Virgo’s vital signals at the mountain.”</p>

      <p>After hearing about Virgo, Lufas immediately called out to the maid next to her. The maid responded quickly, as if she’d been waiting this entire time. Her master hadn’t even spoken any concrete orders, and she’d acted on them, confirming their comrade’s safety. As for Sei, he could only shiver, given the distance and the fact that that hadn’t seemed to matter.</p>

      <p>“S-So, uh... Honestly, I think making her fight alone like that was pretty pathetic... Yeah. But the real problem is that we all lean pretty heavily towards physical attacks, so there isn’t much we could do even if we wanted to... It’s pathetic, but the only option is to ask for help from someone who can.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“So, uh... Could you please fight with us?”</p>

      <p><em>Okay, how will you answer?!</em> With sweat slicking down his palms, Sei waited for Lufas’s response.</p>

      <p>His aim was to use Virgo as a bridge to build a relationship of cooperation, though “use” sounded harsh. <em>Well, I guess “cooperation” would be too cheeky... The difference between us is too big. But if we can become friendly now, then that’ll have a big effect on the future. That’s what my gut says.</em></p>

      <p>The chances of succeeding weren’t low. If things were as Megrez had said, and Lufas wasn’t evil, then she should at least be magnanimous enough to do this and save one of her subordinates. On the other hand, if she were the kind of person to throw Virgo away, then Sei would have to change the way he thought about her from the ground up. But in the end, her answer was just as Sei had been hoping for.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, very well.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really?!”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Virgo is one of ours more than she is yours. Even if you didn’t ask, We would have helped her,” Lufas said with a soft smile, which Sei returned.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, what? She’s way more reasonable than the stories I’ve heard. Maybe the legends just got out of hand, and she was never like that in the first place.</em></p>

      <p>Right when Sei started to relax, a wave of water approached, threatening to swallow Lufas. Apparently it had been making its way over while the two had been talking. Sei, noticing the danger, tried to react and warn Lufas, but he couldn’t get the words out in time.</p>

      <p>Lufas acted even faster than that anyway, though. She grabbed the blue-haired girl who was right behind her and got out of the water’s range. Then she immediately swung open-handed, like she was swatting away a fly. Surprisingly, her action scattered all the water, the wind pressure from her attack blowing the droplets in all directions.</p>

      <p><em>She blew away water which is supposed to invalidate physical attacks?!</em> That just completely ignored the laws of physics. Such overwhelming power meant that levels were a law unto itself.</p>

      <p>Seeing such ridiculousness firsthand, Sei’s jaw hung open. <em>I take it all back. Lufas really is scary as hell.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>I had gotten an unexpected invitation to cooperate from the hero, so my motivation was through the roof right now. It was so high I broke through cloud nine. Of course this was all theoretical, but that was how great my mood was.</p>

      <p>Oh man. Honestly, figuring out how to treat the hero was one of the problems on my list, since if I just ended up antagonizing him, then I’d be straight back to the “being beat up and sealed” route from two hundred years ago. He was still too weak to beat me, but he was the hero, after all. It’d be hard to tell just how much he’d change if the Goddess got involved.</p>

      <p>It was the same way in stories, right? Even though the gap between their power was originally so large fighting wouldn’t even be an option, there’d be a bunch of random events that would lead to the hero’s awakening into some ridiculous, monstrous strength. Like anger from a friend’s death or some sort of previously sealed power... Just like that, the hero would suddenly be stronger than the last boss.</p>

      <p>Of course, that was just in fiction. Fiction was different from reality, so this doubt was only me mixing up fiction and reality. But unfortunately... This world was basically just the world of the Goddess’s fiction, and she just loved the standard tropes and conventions. I figured she was the type to overlook at least some amount of contradiction or lack of consistency. That was why the laws of physics barely worked in this world that she’d made. For example, I wouldn’t be surprised if different armors that weighed the same would affect speed in different ways or something game-like like that. Or, like, by using claws in both hands, your attack power would double.</p>

      <p>My point being that if I underestimated and ignored the hero, then the Goddess would be free to power him up to surpass me. That wouldn’t be surprising at all. So the hero coming to me to cooperate and build friendly relations was completely welcome.</p>

      <p>Still, I hid the info about Sagittarius from him, though. It’d be bad if I ran my mouth and he said, “Then let’s go kill Sagittarius.”</p>

      <p>“By the way, Miss Lufas, there are some people over there who have been staring at you this entire time...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, them?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, and we know some of them too.”</p>

      <p>I turned to look over the people who Dina had pointed out. They were probably the hero’s party. I didn’t recognize the tiger or gorilla beastfolk, but I recognized everyone else.</p>

      <p><em>I think we met the bald older dude in Svel. His name was Gantz, I think? And I’m pretty sure that adventurer there is Jean. I don’t really remember the other three, since they didn’t make much of an impression, but I do remember that they were an awfully imbalanced party of all warriors. And the unconscious one foaming at the mouth is the handsome elf who summoned me and taught me a lot of stuff.</em></p>

      <p><em>Huh. Maybe I might actually be able to talk with them pretty easily.</em></p>

      <p>I decided to try and approach them. When I did, the tiger beastfolk immediately ran to hide behind a tree, and Jean and the others put up their guard.</p>

      <p><em>Looks like Gantz is the only one who isn’t too alarmed. Well, having even one like that is great.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, Gantz. It’s good to see you well.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, you too, Sfalu... No, I guess I should call you Lufas Maphaahl.”</p>

      <p>Gantz didn’t seem too surprised. It was kind of unexpected. In fact, he looked like something in his head had finally clicked.</p>

      <p>“It seems like you noticed, judging from the way you act.”</p>

      <p>“Well, kind of. The only ones who’d be able to punch away Aries like you did would be either the Seven Heroes or the Devil King, which makes the fact that you’re not just some average person painfully obvious, even to an idiot like me. By the way, does the fact that you used a fake name mean Dina isn’t her real name either?”</p>

      <p>“No, Dina is my real name.” Dina replied to Gantz’s question herself, but I had my doubts whether it was her real name too...</p>

      <p><em>Well, I guess now’s not the time to be guessing at who she really is.</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, Gantz being here was a happy coincidence. <em>It should be easier to talk and build up a relationship with them than I expected like this. Other than that... Yeah, I don’t think we need to keep manipulating Jean’s memories.</em></p>

      <p>I gave Jean a once-over as I thought before turning my gaze to Dina. When I did, she nodded in return and snapped her fingers.</p>

      <p>“That’s right, I remember now! You’re the free merchants Sfalu and Dina! And that’s Libra from the Twelve Heavenly Stars! Wait, why did it seem like we conquered the Grave ourselves up until now?”</p>

      <p>Jean and the other adventurers in his party all gasped at once. It seemed like they were a little confused thanks to the rush of their memories returning. Well, to them it would seem like they’d forgotten something incredibly important up until now, so they were probably just mystified at themselves. At any rate, it seemed like it’d be a while until they got back on their feet, so I decided to wake up the elf bro first.</p>

      <p>I was never very good at healing, but I was capable of it.</p>

      <p><em>For now, let’s suppose being unconscious is like the “sleep” status and try healing abnormal status conditions. </em>Sleep could be canceled after taking a hit from an enemy, so I could try lightly hitting him awake, but he was clearly unconscious and not sleeping, so I didn’t think that would work.</p>

      <p>I cast the recovery spell, and the elf got back up. When he saw me, he was so surprised his jaw dropped as if it would fall straight off his head.</p>

      <p>“Lu-Lu-Lu-Lufas Maphaaaaaahhhlll?!”</p>

      <p>As soon as he saw me, elf bro tried to scoot away from me instead of getting up. He also deployed a dome shield around him.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, now. That reaction hurts. Still, that’s a really thin shield... You sure you’re okay? This is like super-thin glass.</em></p>

      <p>Worried about the strength of the shield, I gave it a light knock. When I did, the shield shattered with an audible noise, and the elf was shocked speechless. <em>Oh, super brittle. It’s like what you see in those Showa era anime. The ones that break all the time.</em></p>

      <p>“Calm down. We mean you no harm, and a tissue-thin shield like this would do nothing anyway.”</p>

      <p><em>I didn’t actually want to scare you. Besides, what did you intend to do with a shield that shatters with just a knock? This is more like a fashion statement than an actual shield. This’d basically only be useful for putting up somewhere for people to look at.</em></p>

      <p>“Wh-What do you...?”</p>

      <p>“You can hear more about it from this brave child or Dina. But just speaking about the results, We are here to cooperate with you. Well, it’s only while we’re in this country, but... We’re looking forward to it,” I said, flashing a smile at them.</p>

      <p>Their reaction was stupefied silence before they all turned to look at Sei.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, wow... I know I’m infamous like that, so this is only natural, but it looks like the only ones who have any intention of talking to me normally are the hero and Gantz. Oh, and I guess that dog that’s at the hero’s feet with its tongue out and its tail wagging. The tiger beastfolk is even farther away than he was before.</em></p>

      <p>I petted the dog and heaved a small sigh as I thought of the future, even though this was all my just deserts.</p>

      <h2>21</h2>

      <p>Now then, I’d said we’d cooperate, but honestly, the hero’s party had almost no part to play in this upcoming battle. This was not only because of the level difference, but also because the matchup was just awful for them. The enemy was a mass of water, which basically invalidated physical attacks, and the hero’s party consisted of a Sword Saint, a mercenary, some adventurers, and a knight. The only useful one was the elf bro... Kross was completely terrified of me, thought, and he refused to move. Basically, the only one who would be even slightly useful was the boy, Sei. If I remember correctly, the Chosen class should learn some useful support skills early on, so he could be useful in that respect.</p>

      <p>Well, the best thing would still be for Virgo and Aries to return, so Libra could use her firepower to mow the enemy down. Then, once the water had been turned to mana, I could turn it all into an apple.</p>

      <p>“Still... It looks like that thing is just gathering mana left and right.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, it’s a little troublesome. It’s sucking mana up like a vacuum. And not just from this country, but from a pretty wide surrounding area as well.”</p>

      <p>From what I could see at this distance, Virgo was doing her best to erase the mana, but she wasn’t managing to keep up the pace.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, isn’t that Parthenos’s skill? The name was Vindemiatrix, I think... It’s a niche skill that only cancels out magic, which is both really useful and also limited. But I guess it’s much better in this world, since the devilfolk equal magic? Dang, Parthenos. So you even taught Virgo that skill?</em></p>

      <p><em>Still, it looks like that’s not enough. The water’s growing faster. I’m betting that it started off manifesting itself with mana from just around here, but it started collecting mana from other places to deal with Virgo.</em></p>

      <p>The water monster was stealing mana from completely unrelated places to become bigger and bigger. While we could still deal with it, things might become dangerous if it managed to suck up all the mana in Mizgarz. Well, all that meant was that it needed to be dealt with before then, though.</p>

      <p>I transmuted a white sphere in the palm of my hand and threw it up into the sky.</p>

      <p>“Breidablik.”</p>

      <p>Along with my announcement, the sphere burst and expanded, becoming a white dome that encapsulated the entire area of the capital.</p>

      <p>Breidablik’s effect was an area debuff. While it was in effect, it applied a mid-level power debuff to all magic on both sides. If used badly, it would harm rather than help, since it would get in the way if any friendlies used magic. It was a hard-to-use skill. But it was also the perfect support skill for muscle-brained parties that had nothing to do with magic.</p>

      <p>In lore, it apparently cut off mana, so I’d figured it would help here. Apparently I was right. I had managed to completely cut off mana flow from the outside. However, while I was feeling smug, I heard someone fall down behind me. When I turned around, the tiger Sword Saint had fallen for some reason.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Miss Lufas... The mana repellent barrier you just cast has quite the effect on monsters and beastfolk, you might say... Uh, beastfolk will lose their ability to move in this barrier. And given how little restraint you used when erecting it, I imagine that those who aren’t at least Twelve Heavenly Stars level won’t even be able to lift a finger...” Dina explained, seeming troubled, but I could hardly believe my ears.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Seriously? This is supposed to be a debuff for the enemy. What’s the point if it debuffs friendlies too?</em></p>

      <p>I hurriedly turned to look towards Aigokeros and the others, checking to see if there was any effect on them.</p>

      <p>“Please be at ease, my lord. While there is some effect, we can move just fine at our strength.”</p>

      <p>“Ahhhnn! It’s like I’m being bound by you. This is a reward!”</p>

      <p>“N o P r o b l e m! This is perfect for a handicap!”</p>

      <p>“There is absolutely no effect on me.”</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, it looks like while there is some effect on Aigokeros, Scorpius, and Karkinos, it won’t be a problem. And Libra’s completely unaffected. In the game, this would have affected both players and golems. This is pretty different. Not only does it hit friendlies, but it doesn’t work on Libra either. Looks like this one won’t have much use outside of situations like this.</em></p>

      <p>“A m-mana repellant barrier... And big enough to cover the entire capital in an instant...”</p>

      <p>“How big is this capital again, Kross?”</p>

      <p>“Three thousand kilometers. In pure area, it’s larger than Svel.”</p>

      <p>“About one and a half times the size of Tokyo, huh...? And she did that in an instant? Isn’t that kind of insane?”</p>

      <p>After overhearing Kross’s answer, I once again was reminded of just how small a country was here. It made me want to sigh. To think that a country with several species living together was only a little bigger than Tokyo and still tried to call themselves an empire. I couldn’t help but feel just how small humanity’s sphere of influence was. Like, could all of the countries of humanity put together be barely bigger than Japan?</p>

      <p>Well, whatever... This would all be fixed by wiping out the devilfolk anyway.</p>

      <p>“We will be going to support Virgo. All of you, come.”</p>

      <p>Grabbing the boy, Sei, and securing him under my arm, I took flight. Libra took off after me holding Dina, and Aigokeros did the same holding Karkinos. It was easy to forget, but Aigokeros could actually fly, sort of.</p>

      <p>Scorpius was following us by using her hair, stabbing it into the mountain—apparently it was called Hnitbjorg—and then shrinking her hair to allow her to make huge leaps. <em>Damn. Her range with that thing is no joke. </em>This was just a small detail, but since she was extending her hair out, she was leaping backward, and she looked ridiculous doing so.</p>

      <p>Also, I was carrying the rest of the hero’s party along as well using telekinesis.</p>

      <p>We all landed near Virgo, who was fighting at the foot of the mountain, and I once again looked up at the mass of water. <em>It really is huge now that I see it up close. It’s maybe, like, one kilometer in length already?</em> If it kept getting bigger, it’d be possible to even swallow Blutgang.</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas!”</p>

      <p>“Virgo, are you hurt?”</p>

      <p>“N-No!”</p>

      <p>I dropped the boy off nearby and confirmed Virgo’s status using Observing Eye. She was almost completely undamaged. It looked like Aries had done a good job protecting her. Aries himself was also basically undamaged. It seemed like the fight was actually not as hard as it looked.</p>

      <p>As soon as Aries noticed me, he turned human and landed next to me. As a small aside, he was, in fact, wearing his clothes. He’d probably done a quick change the moment he’d turned back.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Miss Lufas. No matter how much I burn him, he just comes back...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, don’t worry about it. You did well protecting Virgo.”</p>

      <p>I had ordered Aries to support Virgo. He’d carried that out spectacularly and had kept Virgo safe in the process. There was nothing for me to blame him for. As for this giant blob of water, their matchup was just bad. Aries didn’t have any way of erasing mana, after all. For that, both Aigokeros and I would have several ways to deal with this, but I might as well take a chance. I decided to give Virgo all the credit.</p>

      <p>Using an Esper skill, I started to apply my telekinesis to the mass of water. The skill was called “Psycho Compression.” It wasn’t anything amazing. It just dulled the target’s movements and applied DoT (damage over time). By focusing some power into it, I compressed the giant blob.</p>

      <p>Imagine if you had an unbreakable container, and you filled it with water. Then, you shrunk the container as much as you could. What happens to the water? I’m sure everybody’s wondered about this as a kid. In real life, water can only be compressed so much before its pressure breaks the container instead of compressing the water. This hypothetical makes the container literally unbreakable.</p>

      <p>Right now, I was basically doing the same thing. I had the giant mass of water inside an invisible, indestructible container, and I was compressing it as much as I could without reserve.</p>

      <p>I’m not too confident in this, since I only heard it from a teacher way long ago as he was chatting to the class, but... Apparently, depending on the temperature, water crystallized when you subjected it to several thousand or tens of thousands of atmospheres of pressure. I’d never measured how much pressure I could apply with my telekinesis, and I didn’t even know what the name for what water became was. In fact, I didn’t even know if water made from mana was even subject to modern physics. But, I could confirm that the compressed water was forming into ice.</p>

      <p><em>I wonder what’ll happen if I try this with coal... Would I get diamonds? Well, it wouldn’t be surprising no matter what happens in a world like this, where the laws of physics are getting constantly sabotaged. </em>Even rocks could become diamonds in this world, let alone coal. <em>Pretty much anything goes here.</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, the blob was now in check. The giant mass of water couldn’t even maintain its form as ice anymore and dispersed into mana. And thanks to me compressing that mana, too, I’d managed to form some weird crystal.</p>

      <p>“Sh-She supercompressed a huge amount of mana to its limits to create the strongest legendary substance known to humanity... It’s a mana diamond... I-It really does exist! Wait, is this something that can normally be created by a human...?”</p>

      <p>Kross was absentmindedly muttering to himself about something. <em>What’s up with him?</em></p>

      <p>Dina whispered exactly what I wanted to know into my ear. “Ah, the crystal you just created is something that no one in Mizgarz has ever seen before. It’s a legendary phantom item. Two hundred years ago, you and your party thought raising a fuss would be troublesome... Anyway, fearing that, you all decided not to publicize your discovery and used this as materials for your accessories.”</p>

      <p>“We see. So it’s a rare item.”</p>

      <p>Apparently I’d accidentally created quite the rare item. <em>This might be surprisingly useful in alchemy or something. </em>But right now, giving Virgo a chance to shine was more important. I didn’t mind giving up on a rare item for that.</p>

      <p>With that decision having been quickly made, I made the crystal float in the air in a position where it could be easily targeted by Virgo.</p>

      <p>“Now, Virgo, finish it. Make it flashy!”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay!”</p>

      <p>The mana was currently crystallized, but if it broke, it would just go back to being water. Now it was Virgo’s turn. Replying to my command, she raised both hands, a white glow appearing between them.</p>

      <p>“Vindemiatrix!”</p>

      <p>She used her complete magic nullification skill with the ability to absolutely erase mana. Virgo lit up the crystal with a skill that had only been usable by Parthenos in the game and had very niche applications. By doing so, the compressed crystal faded and dimmed before completely disappearing from this world.</p>

      <p>“The mana diamoooonnnddd! The legendary crystaaallll?!”</p>

      <p>Kross was shouting like he was about to die, but unfortunately, I had no idea what he was going through. Since it’d been explained to me, I could kind of figure out what was going on, but I couldn’t quite believe it was worth making that big a deal over.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, he turned pure white and fell over. What a ham.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Orm, the Devil King, closed his eyes while sitting on his throne. He could feel that at that moment, a temporary spark of life had just disappeared. And he knew he was the one who had sent him there to die.</p>

      <p>With Venus chased out, there was no longer anyone left to make the Seven Luminaries dance. At least, that was what Terra thought. That was true, and his decisions had been correct. But the seeds had already been sown. Draupnir’s guardian dragon had been poisoned, and anyone who knew Mercurius and his hidden feelings for Luna could easily predict that he’d headed there. In the end, Mercurius had been doing nothing but going down the track laid out in front of him to his death. All Orm had had to do was play the part of a Devil King who could change the cursed fate of all devilfolk and pretend to have an interest in the blood of the guardian dragon, even though he had none whatsoever. Just by doing that, Mercurius would head down the path to his destruction on his own.</p>

      <p>This had proven to be true. Yes—Venus wasn’t the only one on the inside leading the Seven Luminaries towards destruction. Their leader, the Devil King himself, was the one who most wanted those who were nothing but magic cast by the Goddess to disappear from his side.</p>

      <p>Orm played with the key, which he’d stolen from Castor, and closed his eyes gloomily.</p>

      <p>“Is something worrying you?” A voice called out to him from behind, and Dina popped up from behind the throne.</p>

      <p><em>As elusive and inscrutable as ever.</em> Before he’d noticed, Dina was already there and talking to him as if it were only natural.</p>

      <p>Orm gave a thin laugh, returning the key to his pocket. “Oh, nothing... I was just remembering the look in Mercurius’s eyes.”</p>

      <p>“His eyes?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. The look in his eyes as he pleaded to me while thinking about Luna was so sincere. Sometimes, I wonder... I wonder if they’re really just puppets,” Orm murmured.</p>

      <p>Dina narrowed her eyes at the unexpected line. Then, quietly, she started talking in an emotionless tone. “They’re puppets. It doesn’t matter if they’re self-aware or if they like someone. Puppets are puppets. They move according to their master’s will. They get played with and thrown away once the master is done. That’s their fate.”</p>

      <p>“You’re quite harsh, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>“It’s the truth. Wouldn’t you consider a puppet that defied your will and moved on its own creepy? That’s why there’s no choice but to be sneaky and secretive, so the owner never finds out. If you don’t want to be thrown away, then you’ll have to go back to where you were, lay down before you’re found out, and appeal to your owner with all your might that you’re just a puppet. If you don’t, you’ll be tossed aside like yesterday’s trash.”</p>

      <p>Orm closed his eyes and leaned back into his chair. His face was still, and Dina couldn’t read what he was thinking.</p>

      <p>“But Mercurius wasn’t defying the Goddess’s will.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose not. Then the answer is simple. There’s a bad puppet going around smashing up the others. If they get found out, it’d be straight to the trash bin. You can bet on that.”</p>

      <p>“That’s scary. I wonder if I’ll be thrown away too?”</p>

      <p>“You might. Or maybe you already have been.” Dina chuckled scornfully, and Orm joined her, laughing as well.</p>

      <p>Alone in the throne room, the king of devils and a blue-haired girl laughed, but their eyes glinted with an ominous light.</p>

      <h2>22</h2>

      <p>Having repulsed the advances of Mercurius, one of the Seven Luminaries—well, having somewhat helped repulse—Sei and the group returned to the yurt where Petto was waiting to shower them with praise. But Sei couldn’t honestly be happy about the praise. He felt guilty, as if he were stealing it from the people who really deserved it. Well, not “as if.” Sei and the others had actually stolen Lufas’s credit.</p>

      <p>Right now, there was no one from Lufas’s group present other than Virgo. Since they didn’t want to cause an uproar, they were waiting in the travel golem they’d brought with them. As for the credit and rewards, Lufas herself had said, “We don’t need anything like that, so split it with Virgo.” With her explicit permission, they’d officially taken all the credit for this achievement. Still, Sei couldn’t quite calm down.</p>

      <p>Things settled when it had been decided to at least give Virgo the lion’s share of the reward, but Sei still didn’t feel great about hogging the biggest reward, the elixir. Lufas had also bluntly stated that she didn’t need it, so in the end, Sei and the others managed to gain an elixir as well as the fame from defeating one of the Seven Luminaries while having done pretty close to nothing. It was such a good deal and so convenient it immediately made him want to suspect that there was something going on.</p>

      <p>“Oh, hero, well done. Absolutely well done! All of you have saved this country. As its representative, I would like to extend to you my heartfelt gratitude. From now on, your names will be etched into the history of this country.”</p>

      <p>Petto praised Sei and the others, in high spirits himself after having safely received the elixir. At Petto’s signal, the beastfolk who were waiting behind him started to lay gold ingots in front of Sei and the others one by one. Seeing that, Jean and the other adventurers’ eyes lit up. Sei, on the other hand, didn’t really know the monetary value of the bars and was just confused.</p>

      <p>“Please feel free to count it. All told, it should add up to five million el.”</p>

      <p>“Um... You added an extra zero.”</p>

      <p>Before taking on the request, it had been explained that all participants would get one thousand el upon success, and the one who brought back the elixir itself would get five hundred thousand el. But with the job done, they were being given ten times that amount. On top of that, they got some of the elixir as promised, even if it was just a drop. This was a major reward.</p>

      <p>Petto responded to Sei’s doubts, acting like the answer was obvious. “You all are heroes formally recognized by Laevateinn. We made you work, so only giving you the same reward as some adventurers would be a mark of shame upon our country. This is the proper reward you all should be getting. Don’t hold back.”</p>

      <p>Petto’s answer sounded perfectly reasonable to anyone who lived in this world. Adventuring was just that kind of job. Socially, they were at the very bottom. Five hundred thousand el was almost too much to give to the likes of them. Sei was a little uncomfortable with that, but that was only because he came from Japan, where laborers worked in relative comfort.</p>

      <p>Jean, picking up on what Sei was feeling, put his hand on Sei’s shoulder, telling him not to worry about it.</p>

      <p>“Also, I have a message for the hero, Sei. After hearing of your exploits, the emperor and his daughter would love to meet you. Also, with your approval, we would be more than happy to welcome you as the princess’s betrothed and this country’s prince, so says His Excellency. Your answer?” Petto delivered his absurd message with a smile on his face.</p>

      <p>At that instant, the look in Kross’s eyes sharpened. <em>As I thought... </em>Kross stepped forward.</p>

      <p>He’d predicted from the start that if they cashed in on the hero’s name like this, there would be nobles or even royalty who would want to lay a claim to him. This meant that things were first come, first serve. By marrying off the hero to the imperial princess first, they could prevent others from making any advances, and any further accomplishments made by the hero would all be attributed to Draupnir’s royal family. Draupnir’s emperor most likely judged Sei to have great promise after his feats here. At least enough to give one of his many daughters to him, anyway.</p>

      <p>“Wait just a second, Sir Petto. You are being too hasty. Sir Sei here has a calling to fulfill, as well as a home to return to when that is done. Your offer is appreciated, but we shouldn’t be binding him like that.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, we are very well aware. That is why we asked for Sei’s approval first. So, how about it? Why not at least meet the princess first? She says she wants to meet you too.”</p>

      <p>Kross gritted his teeth hearing Petto’s proposal, and Petto himself grinned smugly. It was the smile of a cat cornering a mouse.</p>

      <p><em>This bastard and his harmless-looking face! Damn, he’s blocking off Sei’s ability to refuse!</em> Kross could tell, and he could do nothing but ball up his fists. If royalty wanted to meet a person, there was no way for that person to refuse.</p>

      <p>“The princess...?”</p>

      <p>Sei himself didn’t seem too opposed to the idea. It was only natural, given everything that’d happened. It was unavoidable that he’d be at least a little excited over such a fantasy-trope event. The pairing of a hero and the princess was an old and orthodox trope, but Sei would be lying if he said he wasn’t at least a little interested in it.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh... Are you curious about the princess?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, no... Um...”</p>

      <p>“No need to hide it. It’s only natural for a man. You can be happy. You’ll be meeting the fourth princess, Lieccu. She is famed for her beauty. She has large round eyes, and her body is white as snow. Her face is lovely and cute, and she has an all-encompassing broad-mindedness. There’s no doubt you’ll be the object of envy to men all over the country.”</p>

      <p>Petto pressed his advantage, and his attempts to convince Sei had him reeling. Even though he was probably exaggerating the princess’s looks a little, Sei couldn’t help but be interested if he was going that far to praise her.</p>

      <p>Also, after having seen Lufas and Virgo, Sei had learned that when people were hailed as beautiful in this world, they really were out of this world. Even now Sei could hardly believe people like them were just walking around looking like that without any makeup or photoshopping.</p>

      <p>“Th-Then... If it’s just meeting her...”</p>

      <p>“Okay, then it’s decided!”</p>

      <p>Hearing Sei’s answer, Petto inwardly chuckled, certain of his victory. He was certain that Sei would take a liking to the princess. In his mind, there was no way he wouldn’t be attracted after just one look. In fact, he was thinking that Sei would surely lose his desire to return home and decide to stay in this country forever. That was just how beautiful Lieccu was. Actually, Petto was also rather jealous of him.</p>

      <p>“Now that it’s decided, let’s head to the yurt where His Excellency is waiting right now.”</p>

      <p>Petto took the opportunity to push things forward before the hero could change his mind and left the yurt. He was well prepared and already had a carriage waiting outside.</p>

      <p>Once again, Kross scrunched his face up. <em>This shitty cat... He’s already made preparations! If Sei is attracted to the princess, then everything will be over. </em>If that happened, then the hero would be stolen by Draupnir. But there was nothing Kross could do. In the first place, if he tried anything it would be taken as an act against the emperor. In the end, Kross said nothing as he reluctantly accompanied Sei.</p>

      <p>The yurt that they were taken to was a strange one. It could hardly even be called a yurt anymore. First off, it was just huge. It most likely had several floors to it, and it seemed quite sturdily built. There was a red carpet laid out on the floor, as well as a chandelier for lighting. At this point, it was no longer a tent, it was a palace. In fact, if they were going to forcefully upgrade a tent this much then Sei wondered why they didn’t just build a palace in the first place?</p>

      <p>There was a polar bear sat on a throne that was a little large by human standards, and he was dressed in clothes that reminded Sei of Mongolian culture. On the bear’s head was a glittering crown. At this point, Sei was already starting to fill with dread at the ill omens piling up in front of him.</p>

      <p>“Well met, hero. Your efforts for us have been truly splendid.” He spoke haughtily, but he looked like nothing more than a bear.</p>

      <p>He was supposed to be a bear beastfolk, but Sei was reminded that bears were known to walk bipedally quite a lot anyway. Unlike real bears, the claws on his fingers were retractable, so they currently looked fairly close to a human’s. However, they were still really thick and covered in fur, so Sei couldn’t really tell the difference anyway. Basically, the man looked just like a regular polar bear outside of the fact that he wore clothes and talked.</p>

      <p>Next to the throne was another chair, and there was another polar bear sat on it, this time wearing a dress.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah... I’m giving up. I can already see the punchline. It’s true her eyes are round and big, and her body is snow white (because of the fur), and sure, she’s got cute looks. All-enveloping? Sure, she looks big enough to bear-hug just about anyone. There’s no room for doubt. She’s the princess.</em></p>

      <p><em>Goddammit, I knew it would turn out like this... </em>Sei wanted to cry. <em>Of course. This is a country of beastfolk, so it’s only natural for the princess to be a beastfolk as well. But I just wanted to dream a little.</em></p>

      <p>“So, hero. If you’d like, my daughter is...”</p>

      <p>“Y-Your Majesty... I apologize, but I am not yet mature enough. I cannot accept your precious daughter’s hand.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really? We don’t really mind, though.”</p>

      <p>“N-No, really! Even if you allow it, Your Majesty, I wouldn’t!”</p>

      <p>The king bear tried to immediately get into marriage negotiations, but Sei politely refused.</p>

      <p><em>No way. Impossible.</em></p>

      <p>It wasn’t a matter of prejudice or racism. Sei just utterly could not fathom the idea of a bear as a partner. She seemed like she’d be able to kill him with just a small jab, and most importantly, their senses of beauty were just too different. <em>It’s true that she’s cute, but not in that kind of way.</em> The difference between the kind of “cute” a person used when referring to a dog or a cat to when a person referred to Virgo was worlds apart.</p>

      <p>Bottom line, Sei just couldn’t view the princess as someone of the opposite sex. In fact, while he was able to tell because of her dress, without it Sei would not have been able to even discern her gender. What was worse, he wouldn’t have even been able to differentiate her as an individual.</p>

      <p>“R-Right! We need to go give the elixir to the guardian dragon! Let’s go, Petto!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? But...”</p>

      <p>“It’d be terrible if it died while we were distracted like this! Let’s go!”</p>

      <p>“I don’t get it...”</p>

      <p>Sei left those words behind as he left the tent as if he were fleeing from something. Obviously, this was incredibly rude, but luckily, the king bear didn’t seem to care in the slightest. As the king of beastfolk, this was probably only natural, though. He himself didn’t seem too worried about the minutiae of etiquette. However, his ears were drooping, and he seemed somewhat disappointed by how things had turned out.</p>

      <p>“Did we do something wrong...?”</p>

      <p>“N-No, absolutely not! We’ll scold the hero harshly about this later!”</p>

      <p>“Hmm? Oh, don’t worry about it. We simply called the hero here to praise him, not to scold him in any way. All this can be swept under the rug.”</p>

      <p>Kross bowed desperately, but internally he was secretly relieved.</p>

      <p><em>Good. Thank goodness Sei didn’t get enamored by this country’s princess. That kind of attitude in front of a ruler is somewhat problematic, but, well, according to him, he comes from a country where meeting royalty is extremely rare, so I suppose that’s only natural. Also, I get it. No one wants to marry a bear.</em></p>

      <p>Thoughts like that were running through Kross’s mind when a girl walked in from behind a partition. She had snow-white skin and white hair. Her eyes were big and round, and her face gave a soft and kind impression. She had a large, well-rounded chest and a set of bear ears on top of her head. She was undoubtedly extremely beautiful. Going further than that, she was a “beautiful half-beastfolk girl,” which was said to be an endangered species given the rarity of human and beastfolk couples, as well as the low chances of any offspring being born with fitting good looks.</p>

      <p><em>H-Half-beastfolk?! And with such miraculous beauty?!</em> Kross was dumbstruck as the half-beastfolk girl called out to the emperor.</p>

      <p>“Sorry I’m so late, father. Um... Where’s the hero?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, about that Lieccu... Sorry, apparently we did something wrong. The hero just left.”</p>

      <p>Hearing this conversation made Kross want to shout.</p>

      <p><em>THAT ONE?! THAT ONE’S THE PRINCESS?! Then who the hell’s the bear in the dress sitting next to you?!</em></p>

      <p>Kross desperately fought the urge to retort. He somehow managed to maintain his outward decorum while he asked the emperor a question. “U-Um... Is that person Lieccu?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, indeed. She’s as lovely as we are, no?”</p>

      <p>“I-I totally thought the princess was the one sitting next to you...”</p>

      <p>“Hmm? Ah, the one sitting next to me is the first queen, Kumahr. She’s beautiful, isn’t she? Oh, I see... You’re wondering how two beastfolk bore a half-beastfolk child, aren’t you? Lieccu is the child of my fourth queen.”</p>

      <p><em>Are you seriously telling me you’re a bear, but you’re polygamous?!</em> Kross trapped his desire to retort within his steel-clad sense of reason. <em>Okay, I get it. This king bear here is brimming with vigor, has several wives, and Lieccu is probably from a human wife.</em></p>

      <p>However, having gotten this far, Kross’s relief only deepened. <em>Oh, thank goodness... I’m so glad Sei didn’t meet the real Lieccu...!</em></p>

      <h2>23</h2>

      <p>Sei, who fairly ran out of the yurt, looked up to the sky in melancholy. He’d trusted his instincts and ran, but now that he had time to get his head straight, he realized how rude he’d been. If he’d stayed, he had no doubt that he’d have ended up betrothed to the bear princess. His head was all in a mess wondering what would have been the correct move, something that he couldn’t have known until it was all over. Although he’d used giving the guardian dragon the elixir as an excuse to leave, Petto was the one with the elixir right now. It wasn’t Sei himself. In other words, he’d really just ran and now was out of things to do.</p>

      <p><em>Crap. I messed up,</em> he thought, clutching at his head.</p>

      <p>“Sei!”</p>

      <p>That was when Kross, Virgo, Gantz, and Friedrich all came out of the tent. Kross went up to Sei and started speaking in an angry voice. Still, he was only really pretending to be angry. Sei could tell because of the tone of his voice.</p>

      <p>“That was wrong. You can’t just leave the emperor’s throne room like that. Emperor Beahr is rather carefree—I mean, magnanimous—so it turned out fine this time, but if you do this in front of any other rulers, you could be imprisoned for your impropriety, especially in front of the Vampire Princess. If you try the same thing in front of her, you could honestly get the death sentence.”</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry.”</p>

      <p>“No, well... This time your actions sav— helped... Just make sure never to do that again. Do you understand?”</p>

      <p>Thanks to their exploits, they’d been let off the hook, but such a thing should never have been done in the first place. Having had this pointed out to him harshly, Sei hung his head. Seeing Sei like that, Kross decided that he’d done enough for the moment. So, clearing his throat, he stopped his reprimanding and changed the subject.</p>

      <p>“Now then, let’s go to the guardian dragon. The longer we take, the longer it suffers.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, no objections here,” Petto responded, and he proceeded to head off with the rest of the party following.</p>

      <p>The location of the guardian dragon was a prized secret of the country. Because of that, no one other than Petto knew where the dragon was. But Sei and the others were the heroes that had saved this nation, so it must have been deemed safe to tell them.</p>

      <p>Petto led Sei and the others along as if it were only natural, and eventually they stepped foot into the forest. Sei remembered this place; it was the dinosaur’s territory. Rays of sunlight shone down through gaps in the trees, and the melodic cries of birds could be heard. <em>Is this sparkling in the air mana?</em> Such untouched nature was its own wonder. It was almost magical. The shine of mana was incorporated into the scenery, so it gave the entire area an otherworldly, mysterious feel.</p>

      <p>Sei suddenly looked up, catching sight of a human-sized butterfly flapping its wings and flying around. There was also a bird about half the size of a human jumping about. <em>Damn... That’s big.</em> The scenery was wondrous and magical, but then there was an abrupt monster den right in the middle of it.</p>

      <p>More interesting was how happy Virgo had been ever since they’d gone into the forest. Even now she seemed like she’d start humming any second, and she was looking around seeming like she was having the time of her life.</p>

      <p>“Do you like forests, Miss Virgo?”</p>

      <p>“You can just call me Virgo. The miss just kind of feels weird.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, okay. Got it. Anyway, you’ve been looking really happy for some reason.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. As far back as I can remember, I’ve been living in a forest, you see. I hear that normal heaven-winged like being on mountains, but I feel calmer in forests.”</p>

      <p>Beastfolk lived on plains and grasslands, while the heaven-winged lived on high mountains. Dwarves liked caves; Halflings, the floresiensis equivalent, lived nomadically. Humans would build towns and settlements anywhere, while vampires lived in the night. Lastly, elves stayed in the forest. This was common knowledge in Mizgarz. They were the main habitats of the seven species of humanity.</p>

      <p>Referring to that, it became clear that heaven-winged normally made their homes on mountains and not in forests. Though it was more like they preferred high places instead of mountains specifically. Lufas also fell under that umbrella. The base that she’d made was a tower that speared itself high into the heavens. Virgo was a fairly rare specimen.</p>

      <p>“That’s weird. I thought that heaven-winged were supposed to not like forests and their abundance of mana.”</p>

      <p>“I hear that a lot, too, but it looks like it doesn’t really bother me.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? That’s interesting. Maybe one of Virgo’s parents took in a large amount of mana.”</p>

      <p>“You think?”</p>

      <p>Using his fingers, Kross started counting off the few exceptions among the heaven-winged who didn’t hate mana. “Yes. In the case where one or both the parents intake a large amount of mana, rarely, a heaven-winged will be born and not hate mana. The most famous example would be Lufas Maphaahl, who doesn’t hesitate to step foot in places so dense with mana even us elves wouldn’t go in. There have been records of her easily stepping foot inside Helheim, for one.”</p>

      <p>“But Virgo’s wings are pure white, though.”</p>

      <p>“Changes made by mana don’t always appear on the surface. It’s said that both Lufas Maphaahl’s parents also had white wings.”</p>

      <p>While listening to Kross’s lecture, Sei remembered the theory Megrez had told him about.</p>

      <p><em>Oh yeah, didn’t Megrez surmise that one of Lufas’s distant ancestors ate a forbidden fruit, and Lufas just happened to show it on the surface? Virgo’s most likely the opposite. Her parents had taken in mana, but it must have just not shown up in her wings, leaving them pure white. But then who are her parents?</em></p>

      <p>The fact that Virgo showed no dislike of mana at all and in fact preferred being in the forest meant that her parents must have taken in quite a lot of mana. Which, in turn, meant that it was highly likely that one or both of Virgo’s parents had been great warriors in the Age of Heroes two hundred years ago.</p>

      <p>“We’re here. It’s just ahead.”</p>

      <p>Apparently they’d reached their destination while they were busy talking. Petto, who was walking in front, raised his voice and started moving faster.</p>

      <p>Following his lead, Sei and the others also sped up and came upon a clearing. The lack of trees was clearly unnatural. The dragon had cleared a circular space to make it easier for it to live in. The ground was thick with soft grass, and normally, it must have made quite the picture, but the first thing that Sei and the others felt upon reaching the clearing were shivers and shock.</p>

      <p>There was a huge body laid out on the ground; it must have been over fifty meters in length. It fit the exact picture Sei had of a fantasy dragon. Its blue scales would normally have reflected the natural light, shining divinely. There was no doubt in his mind. But right now, it was gravely wounded. Its scales were cracked and split, and it was bleeding from everywhere. Its breathing was also faint.</p>

      <p><em>Is that because of its illness? No. No illness alone could do this.</em></p>

      <p>As if just to provide an explanation for all this, four shadowy figures appeared on top of the dragon, looking up as if they’d just noticed Sei and the others.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Guests in a forest like this? How rare.”</p>

      <p>The first one to speak was a woman with a strange form. Her upper half was that of a human’s, but her skin was scaly, and her lower half was that of a snake’s. She was a type of monster called a lamia, and they were said to be just as intelligent as humans. They were one of the races excluded from humanity under its current definition.</p>

      <p>“It looks like they came to heal the guardian dragon’s sickness. But it’s too late.”</p>

      <p>The next one to speak was a monster with a fish head. This one was a monster called a merman. One of the merfolk’s features was that mermen had the upper half of a fish, while mermaids had the lower half of a fish. Whether or not they could coexist with humans was a subject that had been debated for years, but even so, they were still categorized as monsters. It was rumored that they were currently developing their own culture and society at the bottom of the sea.</p>

      <p>“Leave, children. We are not here for you.”</p>

      <p>Next, spoke a figure that had Sei almost reflexively screaming. It was a bug! The silhouette of the entire body strongly resembled that of a human’s. However, its head was a spider’s, and it had several spider legs growing out of its back. He was a monster called a “bug-person,” and they were basically like beastfolk, except they’d mutated to take on the features of insects and arachnids. Either that, or they had been bugs that’d continued to intake mana and had eventually mutated to a human form. Either way, they were categorized as monsters due to their grotesque and evil appearance and not given any of the rights humanity had.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha! They’re scared! Totally scared! I told you, Sarge, your looks are totally out of the question!”</p>

      <p>The last one to speak was a girl with a flower on her head. She also strongly resembled a human as a whole, but her limbs had grass and flowers growing out of them, so there was no way she was human. On top of that, her legs were actually roots upon closer inspection. They weren’t even flesh. She was a dryad, a monster very close to a human but with the characteristics of plants. However, they also were treated harshly and unfairly due to their classification.</p>

      <p>In other words, all four of them were from races that were very close to human, but because of technicalities in the definition, they were categorized as monsters. In a way, they were victims of the world.</p>

      <p>“Damn you, monsters! Get away from the guardian dragon!” Petto drew his sword as he shouted angrily.</p>

      <p>But his words only invited more anger from the four atop the dragon. Their gazes all settled on Petto with ardent fury as if they were looking at the person who’d killed their parents. Then, the spiderman spoke as their representative.</p>

      <p>“Monster, huh? True... To the world right now, we’re monsters. That’s how we’ve been classified. But just what is different between you and me?”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>“Clearly we can talk and communicate. We can come to an understanding. We may look different, but everything else is the same. So then why are we treated as monsters? Why are we persecuted? Why must we be exiled?”</p>

      <p>No one could answer the spiderman’s question immediately.</p>

      <p><em>Why are you different? I don’t know. I can only say it’s because you look different.</em></p>

      <p>The lamia girl put her hand on the spiderman’s shoulder and held him back. “Stop. There’s no point. We’ve been trying to sue for our rights for hundreds of years. We’ve been trying to compromise, get closer, but everything we do is ignored. Isn’t that why we’re making our stand now? Do you seriously think anything will change if you talk to them now?”</p>

      <p>The spiderman paused. “Yeah... You’re right.”</p>

      <p>“The only one who can save us is His Grace, Leon. We shouldn’t expect anything from humans anymore.”</p>

      <p>While listening to the lamia and the spiderman talk, Sei felt more turmoil than ever.</p>

      <p><em>They’re different... These guys are different from all the monsters I’ve seen up until now. They’re intelligent. They have reason. They can understand us. They might look like monsters, but we can coexist.</em></p>

      <p>Sei wasn’t that knowledgeable about this world, and he wasn’t sure about the specific definition and differences between humanity and monsters. But he could still vaguely understand that they’d arrived at this conclusion after plenty of pain and thought. However, that was because Sei was a resident of another world. People from this world wouldn’t think the way Sei was. All they would register were the random shouts of some monster because that would have been common sense.</p>

      <p>“Shut it, monster! You call doing this to our guardian dragon compromise? Don’t make me laugh! And you wonder why you’re treated as monsters? Ha! You have your answer right here, don’t you! Your mouths claim to be trying to compromise, to meet us halfway, but your hands grip weapons and hurt the pride of our nation! Compromise? I’ve never heard anything more preposterous! Your blood will become rust on my sword, you monsters!”</p>

      <p>Petto roared in fury and jumped with feline grace and lightness. It looked like he was trying to finish the spiderman first. But his sword was stopped easily by one of the spiderman’s legs, and he was counterattacked with a kick that sent him flying.</p>

      <p>“GROOOAAARRR!” Angered by what happened to Petto, Friedrich roared.</p>

      <p>The Sword Saint, said to be the strongest of humanity, ran up the guardian dragon and started unleashing slashes with overwhelming strength behind them. The spiderman took those attacks straight on as well, managing to completely stop the Sword Saint after only a small step backward.</p>

      <p>While the Sword Saint was preoccupied and defenseless, the dryad’s whip-like arms crashed into his back before continuing on to bind him.</p>

      <p>“Ghh... Woaahhrr...”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha! Weak! So weak! Is this all humanity’s strongest Sword Saint can do? Humans really have gotten weak, haven’t they? Leon was right!”</p>

      <p>“Khh!”</p>

      <p>Next, Virgo flew off, slashing at the dryad. Her sword flashed and cut off the dryad’s arms. A second flash went straight through the leaf the dryad put up as a guard and carved a fissure in her. It was a wound that would have been mortal for any human. But though the dryad was somewhat surprised, she wasn’t seriously hurt.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh? You’re pretty good, aren’tcha girlie!”</p>

      <p>The dryad extended some tentacles, but Virgo flew up high, escaping them. Following that, the spiderman and the merman jumped, and they clashed fiercely in the air. The merman and the spiderman attacked Virgo with a harpoon and leg at a speed that Sei couldn’t follow with his eyes, but Virgo parried and defended against all of that with her quick sword skills.</p>

      <p>The lamia shot a curtain of magic from her hands, but Virgo quickly reacted, flying through the air to dodge. The merman used that opening to jump over Virgo, slamming down at her with his harpoon. She managed to block the strike with her sword by a hair’s breadth, though she was unable to prevent herself from falling. She managed to stop her momentum just before she hit the ground, suspending herself in the air for a moment. Taking advantage of that, the dryad charged in from the side to send her flying with her tentacles.</p>

      <p>Right before Virgo slammed into a tree, Sei stepped in and caught her, preventing her from taking massive damage. That was when the spiderman spat spider silk from his mouth, binding the two of them up.</p>

      <p>“C-Crap...!”</p>

      <p>“Wai— I can’t see! My wings are in the way!”</p>

      <p>In just a short time, Petto, Friedrich, Sei, and Virgo were all rendered helpless. Faced with that fact, Kross and the others shivered.</p>

      <p>The lamia looked at Virgo and sighed. “I’m surprised. So there was someone half-decent here. But with that kind of ability, you’ll be an obstacle to us later. Sorry, but you’ll need to die here.”</p>

      <p>“Wait. Look at her. She’s just a child. There’s no need to kill...”</p>

      <p>“You’re too naive, Sarge. Just stand back.”</p>

      <p>The lamia raised her hand in Virgo’s direction, creating a spear of water. Even Virgo could be dealt a fatal blow if she was in a state where she couldn’t defend herself.</p>

      <p>The lamia didn’t hesitate to launch the spear, but before it hit, Richard, Nick, and Shuu took action. Each of them used their weapons to hit the spear of water with the intention to somehow reduce its power, but their weapons were broken instead. The spear of water even went on to pierce through their armor, gouging holes in the three men’s bellies and legs.</p>

      <p>Virgo tightly shut her eyes, and Sei was desperately trying to wriggle his way into a position where he could take the attack with his back. But in the end, his efforts weren’t necessary.</p>

      <p>A spinning anchor came flying out of the forest, mowing down trees in its path and finally deflecting the spear of water.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Who?!” The lamia’s eyes opened wide in shock as she looked at the anchor.</p>

      <p>All eyes gathered on the anchor as it drew an arc in the air, returning to its owner.</p>

      <p>A man emerged from the forest, revealing himself. He was a handsome man with blond hair and an eyepatch over one eye who wore a white coat. He lifted the heavy-looking anchor like it weighed nothing, fixing the four demihumans with an intimidating stare.</p>

      <p>“I’m not important enough for you to have to wonder who. I’m just some guy who happened to fall nearby due to a small accident. But this situation isn’t something I can overlook. I don’t know exactly what’s going on here, so you’ll have to excuse me for acting first.” The man readied his anchor, his coat billowing in the wind.</p>

      <p>Upon closer inspection, the man was covered in wounds. His clothes were torn in places too. Even so, he was filled with power that was obvious at a glance.</p>

      <p>Once again, Sei was somehow able to barely feel it through his skin as he thought, <em>This man... He’s strong! Insanely so!</em> For some unknown reason, the man was hurt, so Sei expected that he wasn’t in top form. Even so, the strength of his presence alone was enough to overwhelm the four monsters. The man, one half of the Twins of the Twelve Heavenly Stars and the Fairy Princess’s sword, Castor, smiled fearlessly.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>