<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_8">
    <div class="main">
      <h2>24</h2>

      <p>Four demihumans were facing off against one handsome man in the forest. By numbers alone, it was four against one. On top of that, the man was fairly seriously wounded for some reason, and the four demihumans had just shown in the earlier fight that they were elites who could easily fight off the Sword Saint, Friedrich, humanity’s strongest warrior.</p>

      <p>But they were unable to make a move. Just one heavily injured unknown man was completely overpowering them mentally. They couldn’t see a single opening. Even in their imaginations, they’d be countered easily no matter how they attacked. They could clearly sense that their power couldn’t be compared, since they now knew they were only of middling strength. Their opponent was injured, though... He wasn’t unbeatable. Having concluded that, the four of them scattered before assaulting Castor.</p>

      <p>“Woooaaarrgghh!!”</p>

      <p>“Hrmph!”</p>

      <p>The first ones to go in were the spiderman and the merman. Each of them used their weapons to strike at Castor. The merman’s harpoon was stopped by his anchor, and the spiderman’s leg was blocked by a single finger. No matter how much the two of them strained against Castor, neither of them could budge.</p>

      <p>Castor first kicked away the merman before swinging the back of his fist into the spiderman. The spiderman managed to react in time and avoid a direct blow, but the strike was incredibly heavy! <em>His movements should be dulled because of the damage he’s taken, so what the hell is this power?! </em>the spiderman thought.</p>

      <p>The merman, who’d taken the hit full-on, had hit a tree and was completely knocked out, and the limb that the spiderman blocked with was broken.</p>

      <p>“Aqua Blast!”</p>

      <p>“Air Slasher!”</p>

      <p>The lamia shot a bullet of water, while the dryad launched a blade of air. Castor simply swatted the spells away as if they were flies before quickly counterattacking.</p>

      <p>“Ptarmigan!” Castor chanted the spell’s name, and lightning spread out of him like wings before piercing through his four foes. The rest of them fell over, trailing black smoke, but they weren’t dead yet. Still, a single attack had given them all life-threatening wounds, making the difference between them clear.</p>

      <p>As they lay on the ground, Castor spoke to them with a leisurely expression. “I made sure not to take your lives, but if you’re going to keep going, then you’re going to have to prepare yourselves for death. Now, I’ll ask you once. Do you still want to continue?”</p>

      <p>“Mnrr...” The spiderman, who seemed to be their leader, let out a muffled grumble before raising his hand and giving orders to the rest of the group. “We’re leaving...”</p>

      <p>“Wait, seriously?! Some half-dead person like this should be easy if we all go at him! We won’t let our guards down this time!” the dryad bit back when the spiderman calmly ordered their retreat.</p>

      <p>The spiderman didn’t change his mind. “We’ve already done what we came here for. There’s no reason for us to keep wasting our time here.”</p>

      <p>The gap in strength was clear. Even if he was damaged, they’d be the ones to die if they continued to fight. The spiderman knew that truly strong people were the most dangerous when they were cornered, so he decided to withdraw. He believed that it was the best choice.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait! Who the hell are you all?! Why did you do this?!” Sei suddenly shouted after the four of them as they made to leave.</p>

      <p>The spiderman turned around and replied in a quiet voice, “We are people who desire a revolution for this world.”</p>

      <p>“World? Revolution?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. You humans will only be able to parade around like you own the place for a little longer. When the great Leon gets serious, he’ll wipe out both you all and the devilfolk. Then, our time will come.” The spiderman answered honestly even though he didn’t have to, and the dryad followed suit and turned around as well.</p>

      <p>But then the lamia smacked the two of them over the head. “Hey, stop wasting time talking to them. Let’s hurry home.”</p>

      <p>The lamia dragged the unconscious merman behind her as they left, and the dryad raised her hand reluctantly. When she did, they were enveloped in sudden strong winds, blowing them up into the air. They then quickly flew off. Eventually, they disappeared off into the distance.</p>

      <p>“The hell was that?” Gantz said as he worked to free Sei and Virgo from the spider silk.</p>

      <p>Sweating, Kross responded, voicing his suspicions. “I have a bad feeling about this. From what they said, something really bad is about to happen.”</p>

      <p><em>World revolution, humans and monsters, and the name Leon... I have a really bad feeling about this. There’s no way this is good. Anyway, I can think about this later. Healing the guardian dragon and everyone else is first.</em></p>

      <p>Kross joined the rest of the group and looked over their wounds.</p>

      <p>“Tch, this is awful...”</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t bother with us... Get to the guardian dragon first.”</p>

      <p>Kross looked over Richard, Nick, and Shuu, and their wounds were ghastly. Each one was a deep wound that reached down to the bone, and even using high-level healing magic, they’d need several days to fully recover. <em>It looks like they won’t be able to continue with us on this journey...</em></p>

      <p>Virgo, having finally regained her freedom, bowed to Castor, who’d saved her, before rushing to the guardian dragon. She actually wanted to take more time thanking him, but the guardian dragon’s state was an emergency.</p>

      <p>“High Healing!”</p>

      <p>She pointed her hand at the guardian dragon, hitting it with healing light. High Healing was a high-ranking fundamental healing heaven-arts. Its effect depended on the skill of the user, so at Virgo’s level, one use would heal around 30,000 HP. This meant that to the world today, she could fully heal pretty much anybody in one shot. But the wounds didn’t seem to heal at all, and the guardian dragon still didn’t open its eyes.</p>

      <p>Seeing that, Virgo’s face turned pale. <em>It’s too late...</em></p>

      <p>It didn’t matter what kind of spell was used, none of them would have any effect anymore, because the dragon was already dead.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s wrong, Miss Virgo? Why aren’t you healing it?” Petto grabbed onto Virgo’s shoulders and shook her as he spoke, but Virgo averted her eyes and shook her head.</p>

      <p>“Sorry... With my skill, it’s...”</p>

      <p>There was indeed a technique to revive the dead. There was only a small window after death where it was effective, but a heaven-arts technique to revive the dead did in fact exist. It was the highest-ranking, most difficult of techniques, and Virgo had yet to learn it. Lufas might have been able to use it, but it was impossible for Virgo.</p>

      <p>“N-No way, that can’t be... I-I heard from Sei! You’re one of Lufas Maphaahl’s friends, right? Th-Then, nothing should be...”</p>

      <p>“Sorry... I’m the weakest and lowest leveled out of everyone, so...”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Having heard Virgo’s reply, Petto finally let go of her with a grave expression. His expression warped, looking like he was somewhere between grief-stricken and furious. As a knight, he couldn’t vent his anger and grief on Virgo, so with no outlet in the vicinity, he chose to blame the monsters to barely maintain his mental balance.</p>

      <p>“Damn you, monsters! DAAMMNNN YOOOUUUUU!” Petto cried and hissed, all the hairs on his body standing on end.</p>

      <p>Castor, drawn over by the outburst of emotion, joined Virgo and Petto. He gave Virgo a serious once-over.</p>

      <p>Eventually, Virgo spoke, unable to silently withstand the scrutiny. “U-Um?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, sorry. I was being rude, staring at a girl’s face like that. Forgive me. Do you know Miss Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes.”</p>

      <p>Answering the question “are you Lufas’s friend?” like that was nothing short of a bad move. It wouldn’t have been strange to have been captured right then and there. But the man just muttered, “I see,” before happily nodding and taking a small bottle out of his pocket. Then, he poured the contents of the bottle into the guardian dragon’s mouth.</p>

      <p>“Um, what’s that...?”</p>

      <p>“It’s called ‘Amrita.’ It’s the pinnacle of alchemy, made by putting water from the Well of Urd into a pot and mixing it with things like elixirs, the blood of a Dragon King, and the blood of a phoenix. Its effect is greater than that of an elixir and can even revive the dead, though it has to be used within a short window after death. It’s something even Miss Lufas only ever made a small amount of.”</p>

      <p>Virgo actually didn’t understand much of what Castor said, but she did understand that it was an absurdly rare and valuable thing. As proof of that, Kross’s eyes had already rolled into the back of his head.</p>

      <p>“Blood of the Dragon King... Phoenix blood... Water from the Well of Urd... Agabababagabagagaba...”</p>

      <p>“U-Um... Is that really all right? Using such a precious thing, I mean.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, don’t worry about it. It seems you’re one of my new comrades, after all. Just think of this as a small form of celebration to welcome you.”</p>

      <p>“Then you’re...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right. I haven’t introduced myself. Sorry about that. I am one of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, Castor of the Twins.”</p>

      <p>Having heard the name Twelve Heavenly Stars, Gantz swiftly and suddenly put his guard up. For some reason, Sei didn’t feel like that would be necessary, so he simply continued watching over Virgo and Castor. <em>Hmm... It feels different... I can feel a sort of calmness that didn’t exist in the other Twelve Heavenly Stars. </em>To Sei, he was at least calm enough not to warrant immediate caution. Most importantly, he’d just saved them all. Sei felt that being on guard like that would actually be rude, so he couldn’t bring himself to put up a stance for battle.</p>

      <p>“Hmm? Looks like the dragon’s breathing again. That’s a dragon’s vitality for you.”</p>

      <p>Everyone reacted to what Castor said and looked over to the guardian dragon. They saw that he was telling the truth; the guardian dragon’s wounds had completely healed, and he was now peacefully sleeping. Seeing that, Castor smiled, satisfied. He walked up to a nearby tree and sat, leaning against it.</p>

      <p>“A-Are you okay?” Sei questioned Castor worriedly.</p>

      <p>“Ah, yeah. I’m fine. I messed up a little before coming here, so I need to take a rest. I’ll be able to walk again after,” he replied calmly. Then, he looked around at everyone and continued speaking. “More importantly, are you guys sure you can afford to sit around here? I’m not entirely sure what’s going on, but it seems real complicated. I think it’d be a better use of your time to figure this out among yourselves instead of worrying about me.”</p>

      <p>Castor’s words had Sei and the rest of them looking at each other.</p>

      <p><em>He’s right. We need to go back and report on what just happened. </em>It was likely that what had happened just now wasn’t a random monster attack. <em>More specifically, we have to assume that they intend to make an enemy of the entire country—no, all of humanity.</em></p>

      <p>“You’re right. Nick and the others need serious medical attention too. Let’s go back.”</p>

      <p>“But they might come back. Don’t we have to stay and guard the dragon?”</p>

      <p>Sei suggested going back, but Gantz made the point that they had to leave someone here on guard. The one who volunteered was Virgo.</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll stay. I want to chat with Castor for a while too.”</p>

      <p>“Okay... But you make sure you run away the moment you think he’s going to try something. He’s one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. You don’t know what he’ll try to pull.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, okay.”</p>

      <p>Worried, Kross tried to warn Virgo, who’d volunteered to stay. But Virgo was also one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, so in a sense he was telling her, “There’s no telling what <em>you</em> might do.” Of course, that wasn’t what Kross had meant at all.</p>

      <p>In the end, Sei and his party left the forest, leaving Virgo and Castor alone with the guardian dragon.</p>

      <p><em>Out of the frying pan and into the fire. He’s got a lot going on too, doesn’t he? </em>Virgo thought as she ran towards him, sighing.</p>

      <h2>25</h2>

      <p>“I’ve got an ace. So Dina skips her turn.”</p>

      <p>“Ah! That’s unfair!”</p>

      <p>“I don’t have any cards I can use... I’ll draw. Hm... A three of hearts.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, I don’t have any threes. I’ll draw three.”</p>

      <p>While Virgo was off at the emperor’s place, we had nothing but free time. At the moment, we were playing cards with a set that I’d made with alchemy. The game we were currently playing was American page one. In this game, the player has to play out cards that match suits or numbers with the card the player before them played, and different numbers have different effects. For example, the ace card that Libra played skipped over the next player’s turn. And the number three, which Aigokeros played, forced the next player to draw three if they didn’t have a three in their hand. Also, if the player has no legal cards to play, they must draw a card from the deck, and the first one to play out their entire hand wins.</p>

      <p>By the way, the winner of this game had been Karkinos, with Scorpius coming in second, which meant that we were currently playing for third place. Aries just played an eight. It could be played regardless of whatever suit was in play, and the player could name a suit for the next player.</p>

      <p>“I choose spades.”</p>

      <p>“Then We shall play this.”</p>

      <p>I played out the five of spades from my hand. Five didn’t have any special effect. Next, Libra played a nine of spades, eliciting a wail from Dina. Nine’s effect was to reverse the turn order. In other words, Dina had effectively been skipped again, and it was my turn. I felt a bit bad for her, but she only had one card left in hand. If we just let her have her turn with no plan then she could win, so what Libra had done was warranted.</p>

      <p>“Ah, then I’m done too.”</p>

      <p>Aries also only had one card left. He played out his last card, a six of spades, and took third place.</p>

      <p><em>Crap. If this keeps going I could place last.</em></p>

      <p>“By the way, Miss Lufas, have you ever thought about selling these cards? If things go well, you could make some B I G profits.”</p>

      <p>“Something as simple as this would just be copied immediately. There won’t be much money in it,” I answered Karkinos while looking down at my own hand.</p>

      <p>This world didn’t have the concept of copyrights or intellectual property, which meant good ideas were free for the stealing. That was why dwarves, hating that, had made their own patents and license system. Blutgang was probably the only place that had anything close to a copyright system.</p>

      <p>While I pondered that, I finally managed to play out everything in my hand, grabbing my place in the rankings. <em>Oh man, fourth place? That’s kinda something...</em></p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas!” As soon as I won, the door opened with perfect timing, and Virgo stepped in.</p>

      <p><em>That deal with the emperor’s thanks and healing the guardian dragon is finally done. It was a little longer than I expected, but I guess that was just enough to make my creating these cards worth it.</em></p>

      <p>But Virgo’s face looked somewhat panicked, so I quickly revised my assumptions. <em>Something troubling happened, didn’t it...?</em></p>

      <p>“What happened, Virgo?”</p>

      <p>“There’s something I need to tell you... But first, there’s someone who wants to see you, Miss Lufas.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm?”</p>

      <p>I got up from the sofa and walked to the door. There, I saw a handsome pirate-themed guy wearing a white coat waiting outside. I didn’t remember him, but I did feel a strange sense of nostalgia.</p>

      <p><em>He’s probably someone I know.</em> That was what I felt in my gut. <em>Let’s see. I think I should start by searching my memories.</em></p>

      <p>Recently it hadn’t been very hard for me to pull out Lufas’s memories as long as there was a trigger for it. I turned my consciousness inward for a while, searching through memories I didn’t recognize.</p>

      <p><em>He’s... Ah, that’s right. I remember now. He’s Castor.</em></p>

      <p>He was the big brother of the Twins pair and one of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, and if I remembered correctly, he was well-balanced between magic and physical combat. In the game, his monster name had been “Fairy Sibling,” and he’d come as a set with his little sister, but apparently over here he was moving around completely independently. Thanks to that, not even I knew his stats here.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Twelve Heavenly Stars: Castor</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 800</p>

      <p>【Race】: Fairy</p>

      <p>【Attribute】: Wood</p>

      <p>【HP】: 32500/55000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 2300/9800</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 4208</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 2100</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 3005</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 6000</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 3995</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 800</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 1092</p>

      <p>【Equipment】:</p>

      <p>・Head: —</p>

      <p>・Right Arm: Anchor Lance (STR +1200, AGI -200 two-handed weapon)</p>

      <p>・Left Arm: —</p>

      <p>・Body: Sky Pirate’s Uniform (Reduced SP usage for Wood element spells)</p>

      <p>・Legs: —</p>

      <p>・Other: Sky Pirate’s Coat (Halve physical damage)<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Hmm... This is my first time seeing his individual stats, since he usually comes as a set with his sister, but he seems pretty capable alone too. The fact that he’s normally a set with his sister shows, though. Overall, his combat strength is lower than Aries’s, even with equipment factored in. He seems to be a magic-attacker type who can handle front line work as well, so he overlaps a little with Sagittarius... Well, Sagittarius specializes in magic attack and speed, and Castor can handle being on the front lines to a point, so it’s possible for them to have different roles.</em></p>

      <p><em>Still, I feel kinda bad thinking this, but his stats are really meh. Even Aries is better at being a jack-of-all-trades. Actually, he shouldn’t have had any equipment back when he was a monster... Monsters shouldn’t be able to equip stuff in the first place.</em></p>

      <p><em>Wait, does that mean that if I make equipment for the monsters like Aries and Aigokeros they’ll get even stronger...? I can set that aside for later. What I should be focusing on is why his HP is low like that.</em></p>

      <p>“Oh my, if it isn’t Castor. What’re you doing here?”</p>

      <p>“L O N G T I M E! It’s been two hundred years since we’ve last seen each other, hasn’t it, Castor?”</p>

      <p>Scorpius and Karkinos, who had already won their way out of the current game, showed their faces from behind me, calling out to Castor. Then, Aries and Libra joined in, too, their faces peeking out to get a good look. It looked like the fight for not being last place was between Aigokeros and Dina. In my peripheral vision, I could see them staring at their hands and grumbling.</p>

      <p>“By the way, it seems you’re quite worn down. Is there a reason for that?”</p>

      <p>“About that... I apologize! The other day, the Key to Reach the Heavens, which you entrusted me with, was stolen by the Devil King...!”</p>

      <p><em>Key to Reach the Heavens...? The heck?</em> I delved back into my memories while watching Castor apologize so profusely he might have prostrated himself before me at any moment, but I could recall no such key. <em>There wasn’t anything like that in the game, at least.</em></p>

      <p>I hadn’t exactly memorized the names of every single item in the game, since that list would have been massive, but I had made sure to do so for anything that’d be useful, which was why I was pretty sure no such item existed. I did, however, know of a consumable item that could open any door in a dungeon once called a dungeon key. I decided to just hold on to that information and ask Dina later. She’d probably know.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, so he fought the Devil King...? That’s insane. With those stats, he wouldn’t have been able to win, even with a miracle.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s all right. Don’t worry about it. Dina, heal him.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait just a second, please. I’ll be able to win in just a bit...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, I won.”</p>

      <p>“......”</p>

      <p><em>Looks like it’s over.</em></p>

      <p>Dina, who placed last, dejectedly got up and walked over to us.</p>

      <p><em>This should be her first time meeting Castor, so I guess I should introduce them.</em></p>

      <p>“Castor, this girl is Dina, and she is currently working as our advisor. She herself says that she was here two hundred years ago, but she barely leaves an impression, so We cannot tell if that is the truth. She’s plenty suspicious, but We hope you’ll get along with her.”</p>

      <p>Castor’s expression froze hearing my rather blunt introduction, but it was true that she was suspicious, so there wasn’t much else for it. Even if I did my best to smooth things over, the truth would just come out later, anyway. I wasn’t that great a talker in the first place either. So I decided to just be honest and frank from the beginning. Dina was looking at me exasperatedly from behind, but I decided to just let that go.</p>

      <p>“A-Are you sure that’s okay...?”</p>

      <p>“Well, she’s not a bad person. Probably.”</p>

      <p>“This is Virgo. She’s Parthenos’s successor to the Maiden seat. She’s still immature, but she has potential. Get along with her, as well.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, understood.”</p>

      <p>There wasn’t really anything suspicious about Virgo, so I just introduced her normally. That was cruel to Dina, you say? No, that was just a consequence of Dina’s actions.</p>

      <p>“Now then, will you tell us what happened?”</p>

      <p>I looked over to Virgo and shifted the topic over to whatever news she had. It felt like some sort of trouble, so while I was loath to, I couldn’t leave it alone.</p>

      <p>“Yes, to tell you the truth...”</p>

      <p>What came out of Virgo’s mouth was trouble, just as I’d predicted. Four demihumans had killed the guardian dragon and spoken of their anger at the current members of humanity as well as their grief over their persecution. <em>So their leader is Leon, huh?</em></p>

      <p><em>This is... Yeah. No matter which angle I consider, it sounds like a declaration of war towards humanity is coming soon. Attacking the guardian dragon is very close to a declaration of war already, though. Basically, a bunch of monsters that were very close to being categorized as humans reached the end of their patience and decided to rise up and demand their rights.</em></p>

      <p>On top of all that, the reason for Sagittarius’s betrayal completely matched what the demihumans had said according to Libra. It was easy to see that Leon was the one riling them up. <em>That idiot. What the hell is he thinking making enemies of both humanity and the devilfolk?</em></p>

      <p>“What do you all think?” I asked the members of the Twelve Heavenly Stars who were gathered behind me. They all replied with basically the same answer.</p>

      <p>“I can only say he is rash and imprudent.”</p>

      <p>“He’s a F O O L.”</p>

      <p>“An irredeemable idiot.”</p>

      <p>“I also think this is a bit poorly thought out...”</p>

      <p>“He can go die.”</p>

      <p>“There’s a limit to how little you can think.”</p>

      <p>Libra, Karkinos, Aigokeros, Aries, Scorpius, and Dina all laid into Leon’s shortsightedness without holding back. Honestly, though, I agreed with them.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, like... He’s an idiot, right? Just stupid, right?</em></p>

      <p><em>Even ignoring everyone else, has he just forgotten about Benetnasch? I get that he’d be able to do something about Megrez and Merak as they are now. And sure, okay, I understand he thinks he can win against Levia and Blutgang. But antagonizing both Benetnasch and the Devil King at the same time is just about the most idiotic thing I’ve ever heard.</em></p>

      <p><em>I know this would sound cruel to anyone else, but maybe Leon’ll just self-destruct if we leave him alone. I feel sorry for all those poor demihumans who he involved in his schemes, though...</em></p>

      <p>They were just fooled by Leon when they were backed into a corner. Now they, along with Leon, were in a position to be surrounded and beat upon. It was too sad. If Leon were by himself, I’d have just left him to his own devices. Then I could just retrieve him once he’d been beaten to a pulp by Benetnasch and the Devil King. But I just felt too sorry for the other demihumans.</p>

      <p>“But something’s off. Leon aside, was Sagittarius ever that big an idiot? He should have at least been smart enough to get a read on the situation... Maybe I just thought too much of him?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, that is weird. The Sagittarius that M E knows would have been more careful and C O O L.”</p>

      <p>From their conversation I gleaned that Leon had apparently always been like this. <em>Well, I’ve heard all this about Leon before. Maybe he’s the same type of person as Benetnasch.</em></p>

      <p>But from Scorpius and Karkinos’s reactions, Sagittarius was different. At the very least, he was smart enough for it to feel strange to everyone, which meant that there was something fishy going on. Either that, or there was some sort of circumstance forcing him to help Leon. It was also strange that he’d left a message for Libra. If he were going to set up a trap, he shouldn’t have let us all know he was here. It was almost as if by declaring that he was siding with Leon, Sagittarius was actually saying, “Be careful, I’m on Leon’s side.”</p>

      <p><em>Looks like our next destination is decided.</em></p>

      <p>Next, we would be heading over to retrieve both Leon and Sagittarius. I would just have to confirm the truth myself.</p>

      <h2>26</h2>

      <p>With our next destination decided, there was no longer any reason to stay here in Draupnir, which meant our next step should have been to leave. Yet, we were still in Draupnir. This was because Virgo had come back with a message from the hero saying he wanted to talk, so I put off our departure for a while.</p>

      <p>With nothing else to do, I was simply relaxing on the sofa in Tanaka, waiting for the hero. Aigokeros seemed fit to burst as he mumbled to himself, “How dare he make our master wait...” But explaining the demihuman attack to the emperor was probably just eating a lot of time.</p>

      <p><em>Well, all I have to do is relax and wait.</em> I sipped on the tea that Libra had made for me while looking out the window at the scenery. Apparently she’d bought quite a lot of tea from Draupnir in anticipation of our long journey.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Dina, do you know what the Key to Reach the Heavens is?” I whispered to Dina, who was sitting next to me.</p>

      <p>From how Castor was talking, there was no way I shouldn’t have known what it was, but I just couldn’t remember it no matter how hard I tried. I was certain that I could find it in Lufas’s memories, but something stuck while I was trying to dig them up, so in the end, I had nothing. It seemed as if any memories about this were buried really deep.</p>

      <p>“No, I don’t know much about it either. The only thing I’ve heard is that the one who obtains it will be able to receive a power that can change the world...”</p>

      <p>“Change the world, huh?”</p>

      <p><em>Changing the world... Meaning it can bend the rules? </em>My immediate impression was that it sounded like dev powers or at least GM powers granted by the devs. Either way, I still didn’t understand anything other than that it was a dangerous key.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell was Lufas planning to do with something like that two hundred years ago? Wait, actually... Why didn’t she use it in the fight with the Seven Heroes? Maybe there are some conditions to be able to use it so she couldn’t? Or did she just refuse to use it even though she could? The former would make sense. The problem would be if it’s the latter. If Lufas could have used it two hundred years ago but didn’t, it would make absolutely no sense. It would mean that she threw away a winnable battle.</em></p>

      <p>I wasn’t quite sure what was possible and what wasn’t with this ability to “bend the rules,” but it should have been able to give her a big advantage. Even so, she didn’t use it. Instead, she gave it to Castor and lost.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t get it... This is seriously just looking like Lufas lost on purpose two hundred years ago. Urgh, I’m starting to get into assumption territory. There’s not enough info. I’ll need a bit more to form a better conjecture.</em></p>

      <p>“Ah, Miss Lufas. Sei and the others are here.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm.”</p>

      <p>I stood and paused my musings when Virgo spoke up. When I opened the door, I found the hero and his party, looking dumbfounded. Sei was hit especially hard by the sight, mumbling, “It’s a camping car, but this is supposed to be fantasy...”</p>

      <p><em>Ah... Yeah. That’s right, of course he’d react differently from the others, since this design wouldn’t be possible if I didn’t know about the modern world. Also, the thought of a ruler traveling around in a camping car must be pretty surreal.</em></p>

      <p>It was just like how the sight of a certain end-of-the-century conqueror who usually looked cool traveling on a giant horse would suddenly turn into a weird, surreal scene if he were using a car instead. That exact scenario applied to me right now. I felt like all my dignity was being stripped away from me, but to be honest, all my dignity was doing was making everybody afraid of me, so this was probably actually a good thing.</p>

      <p>“Well met, hero. We have been waiting.”</p>

      <p>I decided to greet the hero in a friendly manner first. They were taking the effort to meet us halfway, and I didn’t want to treat them rudely for that.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm... It looks like this kid is thirty percent nervousness, thirty percent fear, and forty percent determination right now. He’s making a pretty good expression. </em>As for Gantz, he’d already met me, so he wasn’t that afraid or nervous. Jean was the same. In fact, I couldn’t discern any of those emotions from him. He was operating as usual. It was comforting.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, the elf bro was full of nothing but fear as he looked at me. <em>This guy never changes either... Wasn’t he like this when he summoned me too? He was uber terrified of me back then as well... Maybe he suffers from social anxiety?</em></p>

      <p>Behind everyone else were the fluffy duo of a cat and tiger beastfolk, as well as a gorilla beastfolk.</p>

      <p><em>So the party is a hero, an adventurer, a mercenary, an elf, and then three beastfolk? Isn’t this way too heavy on the front-liners?</em></p>

      <p>Before I could say anything, Virgo spoke up. “Huh? Did something happen to Nick and the others?”</p>

      <p><em>Nick...? Ah, right. Jean’s muscle-brained adventurer friends. Now that she mentions it, I don’t see them anywhere.</em></p>

      <p>“Ah, they’re pretty heavily wounded, so they’re recuperating in Draupnir.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. I have joined this party in their place. I hope to fill the hole left by their absence.”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t sure of the details, because I hadn’t been there, but apparently the three adventurers had retired from the party, and a cat joined instead. <em>Wait, is that really all right? This isn’t nice to say, but that cat person looks super weak... </em>He looked just like a bipedal cat, so he was super cute, but he looked the opposite of strong. Against a cat-loving Japanese person this would be a trump card to make the enemy self-destruct, but I couldn’t imagine him contributing in a serious battle. Cats existed to be loved. They shouldn’t be forced into battle.</p>

      <p>“Okay then. Let us hear what you have to say.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. To tell you the truth...”</p>

      <p>What the kid, Sei, talked about was extremely simple. Essentially, he doubted whether or not I was really an enemy, so he came to confirm his suspicions.</p>

      <p><em>Well, that was brave of him. I shouldn’t be saying this about myself, but I’m pretty frickin’ scary by this world’s standards. If you add the incident where the Twelve Heavenly Stars uselessly giganticized themselves, I can’t honestly say I’d have a good impression of me. Sure, he has Megrez’s recommendation to go on, but he was my enemy two hundred years ago. So even he should have thought I might attack and kill him somewhere in his mind. But he still managed to retain his self-awareness as someone without any preconceived notions and chose to talk to me.</em></p>

      <p><em>That’s a pretty hard thing to do, isn’t it?</em></p>

      <p>“Hmm. It’s true that We don’t care to actively antagonize you. We should have said that when We were first summoned, though.”</p>

      <p>I fixed the elf bro with a reproachful stare, and he let out a small yelp.</p>

      <p><em>Isn’t this guy a little too afraid of me? It’s not like I’m gonna eat you or anything, you know.</em></p>

      <p>“Which means you would consider working with us against the devilfolk?”</p>

      <p>“That is not a bad idea, but that will have to wait until later. We have more pressing business to attend to.”</p>

      <p>Cooperating with the hero wasn’t a bad idea, but my next destination was the area where Leon and Benetnasch were fighting. Other places aside, this was definitely somewhere where they could die with levels that low. If they wanted to survive meeting Benetnasch or Leon, they’d need to be at least Twelve Heavenly Stars class. If they weren’t, they wouldn’t even be able to run away.</p>

      <p>So basically... It sounded mean, but the hero party would just be a burden.</p>

      <p>“Business?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. It seems like Leon’s riling up monsters and trying to lead them to ruin. Leon’s only getting his just deserts, but We feel sorry for those monsters. The failure of the follower is also the failure of the lord, so we must head over and stop that fool.”</p>

      <p>“If that’s the case, this involves us too. It’d be a disaster if the monsters united and waged war on us. We’ll help you stop that Leon guy too, Lufas.” Gantz didn’t hesitate to propose cooperation.</p>

      <p><em>This dude’s as agreeable as always. Help, huh? Well, I’m happy for the thought... But...</em> Putting things bluntly, at their level, they’d die just by being near Leon and I as we fought. On top of that, I had no idea what Benetnasch was doing. It was way too risky to bring them with me.</p>

      <p>But still, if I just told them, “You’re all too weak. I don’t need you,” then the seeds of friendship that had taken all that effort to plant would be killed just like that. <em>I guess in this case, it’d be best to send them to some place that still has meaning, but is still relatively safe?</em></p>

      <p>“The fight with Leon will be intense. We will be fighting him alone. Could We trouble you to search for and inspect the centaur village in our stead?”</p>

      <p>The main subject of my worries could be said to be Leon and Benetnasch, but I was worried about Sagittarius just as much. Scorpius had said that the incident this time was uncharacteristically shortsighted for Sagittarius, which meant that there was a reason for him to be so shortsighted. By my estimation, that had something to do with something he’d mentioned when talking to Libra, something he wanted to protect. If we managed to do something about that, we could avoid a fight with Sagittarius.</p>

      <p>Still, centaurs were fairly powerful monsters. It was a little too dangerous to send the hero party in alone, so I decided to pick out some people to accompany them.</p>

      <p>“Virgo and Castor will go with you. It’ll be easier for you all to deal with people you know already, right?”</p>

      <p>The hero party suffered from an overwhelming lack of casters. Still, I couldn’t very well send Dina, who was so suspicious, or Aigokeros, who was generally just dangerous, with them. In fact, I couldn’t trust Aigokeros not to kill them from behind, so there was no way he was going with them, which meant the people I could choose were limited. I decided to choose Virgo, who was normal, and Castor, who was relatively normal. It’d actually be more dangerous for Virgo to come with us, though, so I mostly wanted to keep her away from danger. It was too dangerous to take her with me to where Benetnasch potentially was.</p>

      <p>Instead, I decided to bring Aries with me this time. His percentile damage would work well against both Leon and Benetnasch. This was especially true for Leon. If he really had returned to his stats when he was a boss monster, his HP should be over 1,000,000, which meant that Aries could easily just slam home 99,999 damage. It was true that Aries was on the weaker side of the Twelve Heavenly Stars’s combat scale, but no one was more useful against powerful enemies than him. The stronger they were, the more powerful he got.</p>

      <p>“Also... Yes... We should give you a means of travel as a freebie.”</p>

      <p>I used a mix of the materials I’d bought in Blutgang to whip up a second camping car real quick. Leaving everyone else aside, Virgo was still a girl. I didn’t want to force her to camp out in the open without even a means of cleaning herself, so I outfitted the golem with the minimum required facilities, making sure to have a separate bedroom for the men. Thanks to me using the limited space to add in a personal room for Virgo, a shower room, and a toilet, the bedroom for the men ended up a little cramped...<em> But it should be better than camping outside, right? Yeah...</em></p>

      <p>I won’t deny that I’m being biased.</p>

      <p>In the end, it was too much work to think of a name for camping car-type golem number two, so I just named it Suzuki.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Suzuki</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 350</p>

      <p>【Race】: Artificial Life Form</p>

      <p>【HP】: 20000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 0</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 620</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 120</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 700</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 9</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 1650</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 75</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 100<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Good. The stats are kind of mediocre, but it probably won’t be getting into any fights anyway. Now I can just command it to protect Virgo and the others in an emergency and to listen to Castor and Virgo’s orders. I should also have it listen to the hero and his party’s orders just in case, but I’ll also tell Suzuki to throw them out if they try to abuse it.</em></p>

      <p>Lastly, I ordered it to ram anyone who tried to lay a hand on Virgo in <em>that</em> way just hard enough to not kill them. Well, it was just a safety measure. I didn’t expect it to come up.</p>

      <p>“Um... Why a camping car, Miss Lufas?”</p>

      <p>“I figured it would be well-suited for long journeys. Would you have preferred a truck?”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not the problem...”</p>

      <p>“We know. Well, We won’t say anything specific, but We do know a little about the other side.”</p>

      <p>I evaded the kid’s question and ended the conversation. I couldn’t very well just tell him that I was a Japanese person inside. There was no way he’d believe me. <em>I</em> wouldn’t believe me. So there was no point in sharing that info.</p>

      <p>Sei stood there, looking at me doubtfully for a while, but eventually he realized that there was no point in questioning me further, so he gave up on the subject.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“She’s moving. I can feel it, Maphaahl... I know you’re near.”</p>

      <p>The castle was dim. The girl sitting on the throne inside opened her hitherto closed eyes. Outside, lightning and thunder raged, and the shadows made by the flashes of light hid her expression. But the edges of her mouth were still barely visible, and they formed an upward arc, exposing her fangs. With a slow and leisurely motion, she got up from her throne, receiving her cloak from a vampire who was waiting to the side.</p>

      <p>“You’re going out?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’m bored of waiting. I’ll be going to greet her.”</p>

      <p>Putting on her black cloak, the girl fanned out her silver hair behind her. Her blood-red eyes shone like blazing fires, and her whole body exuded an unhidable aura of the strong. Even one of the Seven Luminaries—no, one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars—would feel it on their skin if they tried to face her.</p>

      <p>Precious few existed in the world who were able to fight one-on-one with Lufas Maphaahl. One was the strongest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, the famous Lion King, Leon. Another was the head of all devilfolk, the Devil King. The last one was the strongest of the Seven Heroes, and its biggest problem child. Anyone who knew her would describe her by saying, “She’s always been dangerous,” and in fact, she was the only one who hadn’t been hit with the Goddess’s brainwashing two hundred years ago. She was the pinnacle of all vampires.</p>

      <p>The girl, thinking that it was too much work to go out the front door, opened the nearby window instead and stepped up onto the windowsill. Then she leapt. Covering a great distance in an instant, she flew in a straight line towards her sworn enemy.</p>

      <p>“Now, let’s act out the continuation of that day, my sworn enemy. This time, I won’t let anyone interfere. I will be the one to kill you, Lufas Maphaahl.”</p>

      <p>There was only one person in the Seven Heroes who didn’t need to be manipulated to want to reap Lufas Maphaahl’s life, and right now, she was acting with clear intent to kill.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>