<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_5">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Basically, that single bow had completely crumbled the absolute advantage Libra was supposed to have had in this fight.</p>

      <p>“That’s nothing! Karkinos barrier!”</p>

      <p>“Ｗｈａｔ?!”</p>

      <p>Libra swiftly grabbed Karkinos, who was nearby, and put him in front of the magic arrow that was shot at her. While Karkinos was useless for anything other than being a shield, he was the strongest shield in the Twelve Heavenly Stars. While it may have been the wrong way to use him, Libra managed to survive Sagittarius’ first strike undamaged thanks to her utilization of Karkinos.</p>

      <p>“Hostile intent towards Master: confirmed. Hereby designating Sagittarius as an enemy. Moving to eliminate.”</p>

      <p>Libra squeezed the trigger of her machine gun, spraying bullets. But Sagittarius had already hidden himself among the trees, dodging all her bullets. He had probably already expected her to do that.</p>

      <p>Libra immediately switched weapons from her machine gun to a rifle, proceeding to chase after Sagittarius with her weapon in one hand and Karkinos clutched in the other.</p>

      <p><em>The combination of Sagittarius and Leon is a slightly troublesome one. If I don’t finish him before they regroup, then they will surely become a hindrance to my master.</em></p>

      <p>Libra continued advancing, heedless of the magic arrows that flew from beyond them which she had to defend against using Karkinos. A ball of fire came barreling down at them from above, so she used Karkinos to deflect it.</p>

      <p>“N O?!”</p>

      <p>The Water arrow that weaved through the trees at them hit Karkinos as well.</p>

      <p>“S T O P!”</p>

      <p>Libra jumped off of a spear of earth that sprung out of the ground and threw Karkinos to intercept a steel arrow that was launched at them.</p>

      <p>“O H M Y G O D!”</p>

      <p>Libra retrieved Karkinos before speeding up. She used him to cover up a wall of fire that appeared. Then, with him on top of it, she broke through the opening.</p>

      <p>“H E L P M E!”</p>

      <p>Every time he was hit, Karkinos would cry out, but this was a rare chance for him to shine. Libra told him to just suck it up before pointing her gun at Sagittarius. Then she fired. She sprayed a string of tracking bullets that Lufas had made, which chased down Sagittarius. Of course, the bullets didn’t travel straight for their target. Several of the bullets purposefully went off track and ricocheted or busted through trees in front of Sagittarius, blocking his path. But Sagittarius managed to dodge all the bullets and even passed through the busted trees before they fell.</p>

      <p><em>I guess I should have expected that from a centaur. They’re proud of their legs. It’s annoying how fast they are.</em></p>

      <p><em>I’d like to use Astraia to just mow everything down, but I can’t do that without Lufas’s permission. Meaning that I’ll need to find a way to eliminate Sagittarius on my own, since I can’t contact Lufas at the moment.</em></p>

      <p>Libra handed off her rifle to Karkinos for the moment and released the inner workings of her right arm.</p>

      <p>“Skill Selection: Right Arm limiter removed. Release: Zuben El Genubi!” Libra declared as her right arm transformed into a cannon, which she aimed at Sagittarius, who was running away in front of her.</p>

      <p>Libra was currently using infrared vision, which basically made Sagittarius’ camouflage robe useless. In her sight, a round marker laid over Sagittarius’ heat signature, and a message popped up signaling that lock-on had been achieved.</p>

      <p>“Hit chance: Sixty-two percent... Fire!”</p>

      <p>Sparks ran along the barrel of her cannon, and the aftershocks of her cannon firing blew away the vegetation behind Libra. The beam of light launched from her weapon completely blasted through trees and anything else that was in the way as it advanced towards Sagittarius.</p>

      <p>But Sagittarius suddenly dodged to the side, avoiding a direct hit. However, that single attack completely cleared the way towards Sagittarius. Libra used her verniers and quickly accelerated, becoming like a bullet herself as she drew near Sagittarius.</p>

      <p>Then, using her metal head, she headbutted Sagittarius in the face.</p>

      <h2>13</h2>

      <p>Sagittarius ran through the forest, wiping the blood from the nosebleed he’d gained because of Libra’s headbutt before looking off to the side.</p>

      <p>Libra was there, flying parallel to him, a few trees in between them. Her right arm was back to normal, and her mechanical eyes were fixated on Sagittarius. Both of them were moving at a speed unreachable by any normal human or even monster, and they were weaving through the trees all the while. No, if one looked closer, they could see that Libra occasionally grazed the trees, but she didn’t pay it any mind.</p>

      <p>“Target locked. Fire!”</p>

      <p>Libra shouldered her rifle and aimed. The tracking bullets spat out by the rifle avoided the obstacles in the way of their target, rushing Sagittarius while taking trajectories normally unthinkable for a bullet. But Sagittarius unleashed violent winds around him, changing the trajectory of the bullets and firing a magic arrow of his own as a counterattack.</p>

      <p>But no arrow fired directly at Libra would work on her. Once again, she used Karkinos as a shield and shot lasers from her eyes. Sagittarius dodged them, but immediately afterward, Libra’s palm opened up, revealing another barrel. It turned out to be a flamethrower.</p>

      <p>“You plan to burn down the forest?”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius quickly changed his magic to the Water attribute, launching it as an arrow to put out the fire. But that left an opening for Libra to launch her arm as a fist-rocket towards Sagittarius. This was more commonly referred to as a rocket punch.</p>

      <p>But Sagittarius was capable of more than just long-range combat. He was still part of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. His base stats were high enough for him to be competent in close combat. Sagittarius slammed his own fist at the rocket punch, canceling out its momentum.</p>

      <p>The arm returned to Libra. Libra reattached her arm while muttering in a cold tone. “It seems like that attack just now fractured bone. Will update predictions to consider reduced accuracy.”</p>

      <p>“You really are amazingly hard to fight.”</p>

      <p>The two had finally made it out of the forest and were currently standing on a rough, rocky mountain. This change in terrain now put Sagittarius at a disadvantage. This area would always put Libra, who could fly, at an advantage, especially since there was no cover.</p>

      <p>But Sagittarius simply continued up the mountain. His horse lower-half continued to run at full speed up the almost-vertical, rough mountain rock. Libra continued to give chase, but Sagittarius continuously produced magic arrows, launching them to hinder her pursuit. Libra dodged every single shot and returned fire of her own. But Sagittarius wouldn’t be beaten. He dodged Libra’s bullets with equal agility and continued to attack. Arrows and bullets crossed many times, but their skills showed and neither was hit.</p>

      <p>In the midst of all that, Sagittarius was the first to show his hand. He nocked a large arrow and concentrated magic power at the tip of it.</p>

      <p>“I see. You’re going to use Al Nassr, the arrow that once fired will never miss?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. Even you won’t be able to dodge this one.”</p>

      <p>In Mizgarz, several feared skills existed and were referred to as having absolute accuracy. Some were the type to leave no room for escape, like Libra’s Brachium, while others would simply continue to track the target until it was hit. Lufas’s Shine Blow, which traveled at the speed of light and thus couldn’t be avoided, was also considered to have absolute accuracy.</p>

      <p>But Al Nassr fit into none of those categories. As soon as it was fired, it would have already hit its target. In other words, there was no travel time. Far from being possible to intercept or dodge the attack, this skill was on an entirely different plane. Just launching it equaled a hit. Even Libra had no method of avoiding it. Her only recourse was to stop it from being fired in the first place.</p>

      <p>Of course, Libra also couldn’t just stop the arrow with Karkinos. Even with his covering ability, he couldn’t get in front of an arrow that didn’t even travel. But Libra still considered this to be opportune.</p>

      <p>“I see. But the instant you attack will be my greatest chance.”</p>

      <p>In response to Sagittarius’s attack stance, Libra threw away Karkinos and transformed her right arm. Libra was aiming to fire at the same time Sagittarius did, leaving him no room to dodge either. Even Sagittarius would be unguarded at the moment he attacked. Since she wouldn’t be able to avoid the hit anyway, Libra steeled herself and committed to bringing Sagittarius down with her.</p>

      <p>Both parties glared at each other without a single twitch, waiting for the moment to unleash their attacks.</p>

      <p>“Al Nassr!”</p>

      <p>“Zuben El Genubi!”</p>

      <p>An arrow of fire shot out from Sagittarius’s bow, and in less than a tenth of a second, a beam of light came out from Libra’s right arm. At the same time that her beam of light was fired at Sagittarius, Libra activated her jet thrusters.</p>

      <p>While the damage from Al Nassr would be coming in just a moment, Libra decided not to pay it any mind. She had no idea where it would hit. It could be her torso, her chest, her neck, or even her head. But no matter where it landed, she was confident she could take it. And, as a golem, she knew she could continue to fight, even with some damage. So there was no need to be worried over some damage.</p>

      <p><em>I just need to chase him down and finish him!</em></p>

      <p>But in the next instant, Sagittarius defied Libra’s expectations. The arrow he’d fired didn’t hit Libra. Instead, Sagittarius disappeared.</p>

      <p>He hadn’t escaped by running. And he hadn’t flown at high speeds either. Sagittarius had managed to literally disappear in a way that Libra could not detect. That was the only way it could be described, and in a rare turn of events, Libra was truly confused at the situation. She stopped on the spot and looked around the area, searching for her enemy and finding no traces. There was no hide nor hair of him. There was no sound or even any residual heat. He wasn’t hiding. Sagittarius truly was no longer in the area.</p>

      <p>Libra immediately switched to attempting to find out what happened, and she played back the visual record of what had just occurred. She observed in great detail what Sagittarius had done just seconds earlier before he’d unleashed the arrow. And she noticed that right after launching his arrow, Sagittarius had grabbed onto it.</p>

      <p>“He got me...”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius’s target had never been Libra. He had most likely targeted something far away, like a far-off tree or something. Then, Sagittarius had grabbed onto the arrow that exceeded causality to always hit its target and was taken along with the arrow to whatever he targeted.</p>

      <p>This was the first time Libra had ever seen an arrow used like that. Sagittarius had used the skill two hundred years ago, but he had never once done that with it. Libra was able to discern the future from past data, and she could do it with better accuracy than any modern computer. But looking at it the other way, that also meant that she would never expect something that she didn’t have in her memory. And that was a hole in her defenses, a secret loophole in her thought processes. By using a trump card that Libra hadn’t seen two hundred years ago, Sagittarius had managed to escape from Libra, a feat that was said to be impossible.</p>

      <p>Having gained knowledge of Sagittarius’s trump card was still a large boon. But given how troublesome he and Leon would be combined, though, Libra considered her failure to capture him here too high a price to pay.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Sei and the others were currently walking up Hnitbjorg’s mountain path in single file. As befitting of a sacred mountain, it was an odd place. Given that it was a mountain, Sei and the others had been expecting a hard climb, but this one wasn’t. There were caves here and there, and passing through each one got them higher and higher.</p>

      <p><em>It’s like a dungeon in an RPG, </em>Sei thought.</p>

      <p>The insides of the caves were lit with crystals that gave off purple light, which grew on the floor, the walls, and even the ceiling. Kross, who was designated as the party’s rear guard, was looking every which way, surprised.</p>

      <p>“A-Amazing... These are all mana crystals! There’s so much materialized mana... Just how much money would we make if we brought all these crystals back?”</p>

      <p>“These go for a lot?”</p>

      <p>“They do. Materialized mana is one of the best materials for alchemy. It can also be used as a catalyst for magic. If you attach one to the end of a staff, it can support your magic too. Honestly, if this wasn’t a sacred mountain, I’d want to take as many as I could carry back right now.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, this place was like a mountain of treasure to a magic user like Kross. He was rather excited and looking at the crystals really greedily.</p>

      <p><em>If you want some that much, why not just take a few? </em>Sei thought, but the fact that Kross hadn’t yet was a sign of how earnest he was.</p>

      <p>Aries could also understand why Kross was so excited, at least a little, since he could remember a time when Lufas had acted the same way when she’d gone to mountains and caves filled with mana. She’d ended up mining the crystals excessively, though.</p>

      <p><em>Still, these crystals should be pretty common wherever mana gathers, so they shouldn’t fetch that high a price...</em></p>

      <p><em>If I’m remembering right, the conditions for these to grow were a place where mana could gather that also made it hard for the mana to disperse outside afterward as well as a lack of living things that would absorb the mana... I remember Lufas saying, “Basically, we need to go for hollows and caves like this!”</em></p>

      <p>But on top of that, this place had an anti-mana barrier over it, making it impossible for mana to pass through. As a result, the mana that had originally pooled in this mountain could no longer escape. Unable to travel the mountain, it had simply crystallized. It was truly a product of coincidence.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe I should take a couple with me as a present for Miss Lufas... </em>Aries considered the idea before retrieving some crystals at a speed no one else could notice, hiding them within his mantle. Virgo was barely able to register that Aries had done something, but she couldn’t tell what.</p>

      <p>“Are you okay, Virgo? A-Are you tired?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’m fine.”</p>

      <p>Given how difficult the path they were on was to walk, Sei worried about Virgo even while being out of breath himself. But even though Virgo looked weak, she was level 300. She had the second most stamina out of everyone there. She was easily climbing with a nonchalant expression. In fact, Sei was the one who was lagging behind the most. He was even slower than the dog that was energetically running around his legs. The stratification of levels was truly a hard thing.</p>

      <p>“By the way, I thought... No, I’ve been thinking... Is that gorilla beastfolk over there all right...?” Aries tripped over the unfamiliar manner of speech, but managed to communicate his worries for the female knight.</p>

      <p>This place was enclosed by a monster repellent barrier, and while those of high level like Aries would be fine, the barrier was like poison to low-level beastfolk. So, thinking that this must be extremely painful for the gorilla beastfolk, Aries spoke up, but the female knight froze instead.</p>

      <p>“Sshhh! We don’t say that about her! She’s a human, not a beastfolk! It’s true that she looks like a gorilla though!” Jean hurried to come to the rescue, but his attempts turned into a second-strike instead.</p>

      <p>The gorilla’s—no, the female knight’s—fist buried itself in Jean’s face, downing him. Then, still grunting in resentment, she continued forward. She was a lady, after all. Even if she knew she resembled a gorilla, the words still hurt.</p>

      <p>“By the way, that devilfolk person... Mercurius of the Seven Luminaries? Do you think he’ll attack us?” Nick, who was an adventurer and part of Sei’s party, muttered while still wary of his surroundings.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, he’ll definitely come for us. He won’t be able to just let the elixir go,” answer Gantz.</p>

      <p>Even if he managed to get in, they should be able to at least fight at an advantage, since this place was enclosed in a barrier. But, not having Friedrich with them was still worrying. The problem was where and when he would strike. Petto had predicted that he’d brainwash a human to do his bidding, but none of them had seen anyone like that so far. Instead, they heard noises of something like flowing water.</p>

      <p>“Um... Does anyone else hear that?”</p>

      <p>Even though everyone was on guard, Virgo was the first to notice. At first, she thought she was just hearing things but quickly changed that opinion. She wasn’t just hearing things. There actually was flowing water, and the sound was getting louder. Sei and the others should have heard it by now. Kross sunk into thought, wondering what it could be, and his face paled when he realized what the sound was.</p>

      <p>“C-Crap! Everyone, gather around me!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“There’s no time to explain! Hurry!”</p>

      <p>Galvanized by Kross’s shout, Sei and the others gathered, still wondering what was going on. But Kross had no time to explain. He simply set up a barrier around all of them. He was acting as if they were about to get attacked, and that set Sei and the others on edge.</p>

      <p>In the end, there was no need for an explanation. And that was because the origin of the sound—a torrent of water that filled the entire passageway—bore down on them.</p>

      <h2>14</h2>

      <p>“Grk!”</p>

      <p>The barrier Kross set up creaked under the pressure of the flowing water. The dome was five meters in radius. The small space secured by the barrier was the only safe spot in the entire passageway right now.</p>

      <p>Sei was reminded of an underwater tunnel he’d traveled through once on vacation back in Japan. <em>I wonder if traveling through a tunnel in rapid waters would look like this? </em>Sei thought, rather inappropriately. It wasn’t as if he were feeling relaxed, like he had the leeway for those thoughts. In fact, it was the opposite. The danger forced upon him was so sudden that all his thoughts were in chaos. But that was only natural.</p>

      <p>Right now, everything outside of where he was was currently buried under a torrent of water. If they’d been caught in that, they’d surely have been dashed upon the rocky walls, and the hero party would probably have met their end trapped under the water, unable to breathe. The force of the water itself was also unmatched.</p>

      <p>Kross’ barrier bent, and cracks formed on it.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what’s the meaning of this?! Weren’t the devilfolk not supposed to get in here?!” Gantz sounded like he was panicking.</p>

      <p>“I-It looks like Petto’s prediction was wrong... Gah... He’s clearly already forced his way through the barrier!” Kross responded in an equally strained voice.</p>

      <p>This water wasn’t natural. It was a spell cast by someone with clear hostility—most likely Mercurius—which meant that Mercurius himself was here. But luckily, that also meant that this torrent wouldn’t continue on forever. As long as they managed to bear with the onslaught for some time, it would most likely stop. But lasting through that time would be a difficult feat.</p>

      <p>Kross was one of the foremost heaven-arts practitioners in the world, but there was nothing he could do about the absolute level difference. Kross was currently level 105, and he could use the strongest heaven-arts and magic in the world. But he was trying to oppose a fearsome devilfolk soldier whose level was 300. He wasn’t someone Kross could stand against on his own.</p>

      <p>Eventually, Kross’ barrier shattered, but that was when Virgo raised her hand.</p>

      <p>“Vindemiatrix!”</p>

      <p>The torrent of water simply vanished along with Virgo’s declaration. She had used an advanced skill that dispersed all the mana in a designated area. Its effect of dispersing mana worked on any and all magic, and it was capable of dealing irreparable damage if cast on beings who maintained their body with mana.</p>

      <p>Unaware of the dumbfounded stare Kross was giving her, Virgo made all the water vanish.</p>

      <p>“R-Right now, that was... No way... But that was definitely mana dispersal! It’s an ability only available to the Goddess and her trusted custodians of the world!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“M-Miss Virgo... Just who are you?!”</p>

      <p>Virgo’s eyes opened wide after Kross started spewing all those unfamiliar things. Even if he asked her about the world’s custodians, Virgo had never been aware of them and had no knowledge pertaining to them. The ability she just used was something her grandmother had taught her when she was young for self-defense, saying, “Against devilfolk, this’ll mean instant death!” While she felt like it would be overkill for just self-defense, that was still all Virgo thought of the skill.</p>

      <p>But that wasn’t actually the case. The skill was only available to a select few. At the very least, it wasn’t available to most of humanity. Of course it wasn’t. Originally, it’d only been available to the clan of people that the Goddess trusted and supported to manage the world... It was a divine ability that was only taught to the direct descendants of Aeneas, the first human.</p>

      <p>In the world today, there were only four people who could use it. One was, of course, the Goddess. One was Parthenos, who had once served the Goddess. Then there was the master Parthenos currently served, Lufas Maphaahl. Lastly was Parthenos’s successor, Virgo.</p>

      <p>The ability to disperse mana without question... In a world rife with mana like Mizgarz, it was an unparalleled ability, a godly miracle worthy of being claimed as cheating. Since all magic was comprised of mana, using this skill would easily invalidate any spell. The mana engines that Megrez had invented would all cease to work, and if used on the devilfolk, they would be dealt massive damage. On top of that, the damage would never heal, since they were created of mana itself. Things like level gaps meant nothing in the face of this skill. While Virgo might not be able to erase all of a spell if there was too much mana in it, her skill would always have some effect. In other words, this skill would always work, even against an opponent of level 1000.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Who? I’m just a normal heaven-winged girl who’s been living in the forest until recently...”</p>

      <p>Kross must have thought that Virgo was messing with him with that response. He shouted, clearly upset, and grabbed her shoulder. “Normal? <em>NORMAL?!</em> As if! No normal heaven-winged would be able to disperse mana itself! Even the Sky King wouldn’t be able to!”</p>

      <p>“Ahhhh?!”</p>

      <p>Apparently Kross was the type to be calm and rational normally but panic and act rashly as soon he was met with something beyond his understanding. But the sight of a grown elf grabbing at and hounding a heaven-winged girl with bloodshot eyes did not look good.</p>

      <p>Thinking that he’d gone too far, Sei hurried to peel Kross off of Virgo and get between them. “What do you think you’re doing, Kross?! Now’s not the time for that! We don’t know when the next attack will come!”</p>

      <p>“B-But!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t but me! Right now we need to decide on whether we need to stop the person who assaulted us with this spell or climb the mountain!”</p>

      <p>Sei was right. Now wasn’t the time to be interrogating friends. Their plans had gone completely pear-shaped, and everything they’d assumed had been proven wrong. They’d climbed this mountain under the assumption that the Seven Luminaries wouldn’t be able to get in themselves, but disastrously, Mercurius had managed to get in before them. This meant that while they had managed to survive the first blow, the second would be coming at any moment.</p>

      <p>They would all have to choose. Should they retreat for now or proceed while fully aware of the risks?</p>

      <p>“The kid’s right. Whether we go forward or turn back, we need to make a decision soon.”</p>

      <p>“I agree with Gantz. Let’s hurry up and keep going.”</p>

      <p>“No, I think we should go back. As we are now, the enemy can just attack all they like with magic, and we’ll never even see him. If we keep letting him target us like this, we’ll be wiped out.”</p>

      <p>Gantz and Jean, who had the most travel experience in the whole group, agreed with Sei, but their opinions were the complete opposite. Jean wanted to move forward, while Gantz wanted to turn back.</p>

      <p><em>It’s times like these I’m reminded that they really are a mercenary and an adventurer. They’re used to rough situations like this.</em></p>

      <p>“I think Gantz has the right idea here. We should retreat.”</p>

      <p>“I’d rather push forward. I mean, if we retreat, we’ll lose the elixir.”</p>

      <p>Nick and Shuu, who were both adventurers and both not very memorable, split their opinions too. Going forward was dangerous, but retreating meant giving up on the elixir. If they gave up on the elixir, the country would fall without the dragon, even if they themselves managed to survive. Even so, forcing their way forward was too dangerous. And that was how the opinions of the group were split, prolonging the conversation.</p>

      <p>“I don’t really care either way.”</p>

      <p>Aries voiced his noncommittal opinion, and he actually was fine with either outcome. To him, the Seven Luminaries were an easy opponent, so moving forward was no problem. But the guardian dragon’s health was also something Aries just didn’t care about. Even if they let the elixir slip through their hands and the country was destroyed, all that would mean to Aries was that one of the awful countries that had betrayed Lufas would be gone. In fact, he’d be happy about that.</p>

      <p>“Um, I think it’d be okay with moving forward.”</p>

      <p>“I recommend retreating. Oh... Looks like we’re split again.”</p>

      <p>“I, not smart. So will obey, everyone decision.”</p>

      <p>Virgo and the female knight’s opinions differed once again, still leaving everyone evenly split. Richard showed no willingness to decide for himself, and Kross was completely useless in this scenario, which meant that the last person to vote would naturally be making the decision for the whole group.</p>

      <p>Everyone’s gazes focused on the hero. Sei broke into a cold sweat from the pressure and responsibility of everyone’s looks, but he still managed to speak clearly.</p>

      <p>“Let’s keep going... I... I think the reason he’s hiding and launching attacks from a distance like this is because he thinks of us as a threat and just wants us to leave. He forced himself through this anti-mana barrier, so it should have had some effect on him at least. Fighting here is probably bad for him. It was probably thanks to this mountain that Kross was able to defend against so much of his earlier attack. I’m sure if we were outside, he would have been able to bust through Kross’ barrier much quicker.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You have a point. That definitely makes sense.”</p>

      <p>“So I think we should keep going. Right now, he’s the one backed into a corner.”</p>

      <p>Several people breathed a sigh of relief and admiration after seeing Sei make such an unexpectedly calm judgment of the situation. While he was still weak, Sei’s ability to process and understand the situation was pretty good. Even Aries’s impression of Sei improved a little as he was reminded of Lufas back when she had been an adventurer.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“You’ve all got your healing items ready, right? Let’s go!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, Lufas! There’s a trap...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it. I’ve already set it off.”</p>

      <p><em>Ah... Oh well.</em></p>

      <p>Ignoring Megrez and the others’ warnings, she’d already brute-forced her way through all the traps by setting them off. Having decided that damage could just be healed, Lufas muscle-brained it and just kept moving forward, no matter if she was pierced by arrows, squished by the walls, hit by a falling washbasin, or burned by flamethrowers. She kept her Ranger skill on just in case so she would avoid the traps that actually posed a threat to her life. Outside of that, she just kept jumping straight into the other ones, saying, incredibly, that it was faster to activate the traps and heal afterward than to disarm them.</p>

      <p><em>This is just too much.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m not that smart, so I might be wrong.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, don’t worry about it. You did good. I’m the one who’s wrong... It’s true that getting scared and turning tail in front of the enemy would probably be exactly what they want. Hey, guys. Sorry, but I’m changing my vote. I think we should keep going.” Gantz revised his opinion, convinced by Sei’s reasoning.</p>

      <p>With this, there were now five people for proceeding versus two for going back. Nick and the female knight gave up and shrugged their shoulders. It seemed as if they’d made their peace with charging headfirst into danger.</p>

      <p>Speed was now of the essence. The group needed to advance as fast as possible and crash in on the devilfolk ahead. The more spells he fired, the more exhausted he would be in battle. The key would be how many spells Mercurius would be able to get in before the battle properly started.</p>

      <p>“Okay, let’s go! Kross, hurry up and get yourself together!” Gantz gripped Kross’s head and started running ahead. The rest of the group followed behind him, and they started climbing up the mountain’s caves.</p>

      <p>This sacred mountain was curious, in that it was mostly hollow inside. The empty spaces formed a spiral incline leading upward, where the elixir was being kept at the top. In accordance with that structure, there was no place you could reach the elixir from the outside, so the entire mountain was like a natural fortress.</p>

      <p><em>The enemy has to be at the top!</em> There could be no doubt, given the direction of the water torrent.</p>

      <p>The natural conclusion was that Mercurius wanted them to leave. After all, because of the mountain’s layout, it would be impossible for him to leave unnoticed as long as Sei and his group were still around.. In other words, he wouldn’t be able to sneak out with the elixir.</p>

      <p>Sei was correct in his reasoning. This sacred mountain with its sealed mana was basically a dead end. Mercurius had jumped into a trap of his own will, lured by the elixir. He knew this. <em>Right now, he’s the one in trouble!</em></p>

      <p>“The second wave is coming!”</p>

      <p>A second torrent of water rushed its way towards Gantz and the rest of the group behind him.</p>

      <p><em>Like I thought. He’s up ahead!</em></p>

      <p>Ahead of them, Mercurius was already in check with the elixir. Mercurius’s mistake was his ignorance of Virgo.</p>

      <p>She once again raised her hand in front of her. “Vindemiatrix!”</p>

      <p>The devilfolk’s Water spell was unilaterally erased.</p>

      <p>Magic was a skill that gathered mana and converted it into physical phenomena, and because of that, Virgo’s skill was all-powerful against it. The skill was the natural enemy of all magic users. Just having one person capable of using it on the enemy’s side would render any magic user worthless.</p>

      <p>Seeing the water disappear, Jean whistled in appreciation, and he gave heartfelt praise to Virgo’s efforts. “That’s amazin’, missy! I guess powerful people pop up in the most unexpected places, don’t they?”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m not that strong.”</p>

      <p>“Aw, don’t be so modest! Believe in yourself! I’m telling you, you’re plenty strong!”</p>

      <p>The hero’s party continued up the slope and eventually reached the top—the room where the elixir was stored. In front of the room was the pitiful wreckage of a golem that had probably been the elixir’s guardian. Sei and the others had most likely been meant to fight this thing originally. And they also knew who had done this already.</p>

      <p>Looking up from the wreckage, Sei and the rest saw a devilfolk man holding a small bottle, glaring at the heroes with a dangerous look.</p>

      <p><em>Looks like we managed to corner him. Now all we need to do is beat him.</em></p>

      <p>Sei and the rest of the group readied their weapons, fully prepared for what was to come.</p>

      <h2>15</h2>

      <p>Aries sunk into thought. <em>About what time would be right for me to intervene in this fight? Maybe I shouldn’t intervene at all.</em></p>

      <p>It would be easy for Aries to take care of Mercurius here. No matter how much the attribute match-up favored the other side, the gap between them was more than just “hard to fill,” since Aries more than doubled Mercurius’s level. It went way past mere advantage and disadvantage all the way to Aries being able to use brute-force to defeat Mercurius pretty much however he wanted.</p>

      <p>In the past, Aries had a hard time against Levia, a water golem. But without something that absurd, the level gap would be impossible to close. Levia was made out of an entire lake’s worth of mana-filled water, and mana had the effect of enhancing things, living or not, like with level-ups. Fundamentally, golems could not be imbued with mana, since creating them with matter made from magic meant that whatever had been created would eventually disperse and return to its natural form. But Megrez had used mana in its pure form, before it was used in magic, and embedded a large amount of it into water, thereby getting around that flaw and creating a contradictory golem with vast amounts of mana.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t like him, but I have to give him credit for that. He deserves his title.</em></p>

      <p>Back to the subject at hand, Aries could claim victory over Mercurius without much effort. He’d probably be a little more difficult than other members of the Seven Luminaries, but that was it. All the attribute match-up managed to achieve was making Mercurius a little tougher and more annoying. Aries’s victory was still assured.</p>

      <p>But Aries still had to think. <em>If I intervene, will that be good for Virgo?</em></p>

      <p>Any other member of the Twelve Heavenly Stars would probably have intervened without a second thought. They wouldn’t have cared if their disguises had been broken. They’d have jumped at the chance to eliminate a member of the Seven Luminaries, and that would’ve been correct.</p>

      <p>Virgo was even with the Seven Luminaries in level, so she wasn’t guaranteed to win. There wasn’t really any need to bother risking it; Aries could just take care of the whole thing. And that would be “correct.” But Aries empathized with Virgo.</p>

      <p>Aries was different from the rest of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. The rest of them were strong by birth. Libra was the strongest golem. Aigokeros was the king of all demons in hell. Karkinos was the pinnacle of all shelled monsters of the sea, and Scorpius was the queen of all scorpions. Parthenos had been the chieftess of a clan that served the Goddess. The other Twelve Heavenly Stars were things like the queen of the fairies or the son of the Goddess. None of them would lose in strength to even the strongest of all monsters. The Twelve Heavenly Stars, except for Aries, were a mighty group consisting of all the strongest class of elite beings gathered from every corner of the world.</p>

      <p>Normally, all of them would’ve been legends in the areas they resided in, shouldering the balance of the world and spreading fear to the rest of it. If Lufas hadn’t gathered them all under her banner, they’d probably be enemies vying for supremacy among themselves. The Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars was a group consisting of only the elite, the strongest of all those superior specimens gathered from every area of the world.</p>

      <p>But Aries was different. He just happened to be lucky. He was part of the group because he’d been the first one to be captured and because Lufas had come to like him. Otherwise, he was just a weak monster. Normally, he’d never have been able to rub shoulders with the others in a million years. In fact, he was so weak that he wouldn’t have even been able to do so with normal-class monsters. That was just the kind of species Aries was.</p>

      <p>So Aries understood how Virgo felt. He understood the feelings of the weak. Right now, Virgo was just like Aries had been a long time ago. She was surrounded by strong people and unable to gain confidence. She was being endlessly assaulted by feelings of inferiority. She was no longer able to understand her own worth, ruled by doubts like, <em>What am I doing here? Am I really needed? </em>and,<em> Shouldn’t I open up my position for someone better?</em></p>

      <p>Aries wasn’t sure if she was as lost as he had been once upon a time, but she should still be having the same thoughts. So Aries decided not to act. After all, it would be extremely frustrating for her if he did. Imagine if the second something seemed even a little dangerous, another member of the Twelve Heavenly Stars interrupted, even though she could have won that fight. Not to mention that she’d been told more than once that she was weak. She’d definitely think, <em>Ahh, why am I this weak? </em>Aries was convinced that she’d feel frustrated, miserable, and pathetic. She might even lose sleep over it. Aries knew the feeling.</p>

      <p><em>You weakling. Don’t you dare put something like yourself on the same level as me. </em>Aries had never forgotten what the Lion King had said as he’d ridiculed him. He could still hear it ringing in his ears.</p>

      <p>The other members of the Twelve Heavenly Stars would never understand this feeling, since they were all strong without exception. So Aries suppressed his desire to just jump in and punch the living daylights out of the member of the Seven Luminaries in front of him.</p>

      <p><em>Not yet... I can’t act yet. Jumping in now would be like saying to Virgo that she couldn’t win and should just give up. Nothing’ll change like this, and she’ll never gain any confidence. So not yet... I have to watch over her.</em></p>

      <p>“What...are you?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Me?”</p>

      <p>“Who else?” Mercurius fixed Virgo with a clearly hostile stare as he questioned her.</p>

      <p>Being exposed to that hostility, Virgo was bewildered. <em>Even if you ask me “what,” I have no idea what you mean.</em></p>

      <p>In Virgo’s mind, she was only part of the Twelve Heavenly Stars because she’d inherited the position from her grandma. She herself didn’t have the requisite power. But it seemed like the man from the Seven Luminaries was really wary of her for some reason.</p>

      <p>Mercurius swiftly drew up a magic circle and announced to Virgo in a low voice, “No, it doesn’t matter who or what you are... I can’t allow anyone who can use that skill to live. I will eliminate you here with all my might!”</p>

      <p>Along with that declaration, a bullet of compressed water shot out from Mercurius’s palm.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>