<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The superpowered Libra deployed her right arm’s cannon and aimed all five of her weapons—her three electromagnetic cannons on her arm and shoulders, and her two anti-fortress cannons on her waist—locking them all on the rocky mountain that was her target.</p>

      <p>“Maximum power... All cannons concentrate on one point... Fire!”</p>

      <p>For a single moment, my vision was turned pure white.</p>

      <p>Three rounds accelerated by electromagnetism and two rounds propelled by gunpowder flew in a straight line, accurately impacting the poor, innocent rocky mountain, turning it into a pillar of fire which erased everything within it from the face of the world.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p><em>Yeahhh, uhhhh... Crap.</em></p>

      <p>By my estimation, the results would be catastrophic, even with Blutgang as the target. While it probably wouldn’t destroy Blutgang in one salvo, it’d probably still pierce through and completely mess up the insides. It might even instantly evaporate Levia.</p>

      <p>Of course it would. After all, there were a couple conventional cannons on top of all the firepower three Zuben El Genubi’s brought to the table. If this were a game, would this be a five-hit attack? It was so powerful that I was left seriously pondering whether even Karkinos could survive it.</p>

      <p>The rest of my companions were all staring at me with exasperated expressions, and all I could do was avert my gaze.</p>

      <p><em>I-I couldn’t help it... Any guy who gets hooked on stuff like this would want to make one... We’re all romantics for this sort of thing...</em></p>

      <p>Still, I had no choice but to accept that this was too much firepower. Like, Libra could one-shot all the Seven Luminaries at once with that attack just now.</p>

      <p>When Libra once again descended to the ground, she gave me a bow. “What wonderful power, master. With this, I will be able to lay waste to any enemy.”</p>

      <p>“I-Indeed.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much for granting one such as me a weapon. By the way, master...”</p>

      <p>“Hmm? What is it?”</p>

      <p>Libra was looking at me with upturned eyes. Normally, this wouldn’t happen, because we were very similar in height. When I looked closer, I noticed that Libra was standing on slightly lower ground than I was. It seemed to be a clearly calculated move.</p>

      <p>“Where is the enemy I should use this on? Or should I ask, when will we encounter this enemy?”</p>

      <p>Faced with that question and Libra’s undoubtedly excited tone, despite being outwardly expressionless, I instantly decided to seal Astraia away. <em>At the very least, I’ve got to make it so that she won’t be able to use it without my permission. </em>I didn’t really have a right to talk, since I was the one who’d made Astraia, but Libra was the type of person who should never have been given heavy firepower.</p>

      <h2>3</h2>

      <p>Far above in the skies of Mizgarz, someone flew close to the stratosphere, even higher than the peaks of Vanaheim. He had blue skin and golden eyes. His black hair reached down his back, and his pitch-black cloak signified to the world that he was the king of devils. Behind him was an army of high-level monsters, all of whom tirelessly followed the Devil King’s orders.</p>

      <p>The Devil King Orm had a goal and was single-mindedly flying around the skies looking for “it.”</p>

      <p>It had been one week since he’d started his quest. He had heard that what he was looking for was around here, but since it was constantly moving, it was very hard to get hold of, even for the Devil King. His efforts had been worth it, though. The thing he’d been searching for was currently right in front of his eyes.</p>

      <p>“Found you,” Orm muttered, looking up.</p>

      <p>He was looking at a ship. More specifically, he was looking at the top of the mast of the ship, which had gigantic wings sprouting out of it as it flew through the sky. There, a single man stood. His bright, golden hair shone in the sunlight and was styled slightly spiked. His face managed to maintain manliness while still giving off a feeling of delicate sensitivity. His muscular body probably stood over 180 cm tall. Coupled with his beautiful features, he looked amazing just standing there. One of his eyes was hidden under an eyepatch, and his outfit screamed “I am a pirate!” He wore a white coat which was decorated with an emblem emblazoned with a black wing on the back.</p>

      <p>His name was Castor. He was also known as one of the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars, Gemini of the Twins.</p>

      <p>“So you came... I learned that you were searching for us a couple days ago. What do you want, Devil King?”</p>

      <p>“Castor... I have no business with you. What I want is the treasure hidden within the ship.”</p>

      <p>Castor didn’t flinch or fall back even one step in the face of the Devil King, but Orm also never stopped smiling his fearless smile. The situation was reaching critical mass. Both sides maintained their composure, though, as if both sides knew they would win if it came down to a fight. Even so, neither let down their guard.</p>

      <p>“I see. So you’re after the treasure. If that’s the case, want me to give it to you?”</p>

      <p>“No, no. Unfortunately, what I’m after isn’t anything that I can exchange for money. I want the key that will allow me to reach the heavens.”</p>

      <p>“Now <em>that</em> would be impossible. The only one who will be reaching the heavens is my one and only master. Not you.”</p>

      <p>“So you insist on staying under Alcor, huh? You and your little sister... I suppose that’s all you’ll amount to.” Orm laughed tauntingly, but Castor coolly refused to take the bait.</p>

      <p>They were first playing a game of verbal dodgeball.</p>

      <p>“True, I am Lufas’s subordinate. I won’t deny that I am her loyal servant. I have no memory of ever having to answer to you, King of Devils.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Are you implying that I come up short against the Twelve Heavenly Stars? Now, that hurts my pride. I’m very sensitive, you know.”</p>

      <p>“Well then, I apologize. Unfortunately, I’m rather honest and blunt. I’ll only tell you the truth.”</p>

      <p>Neither of their smiles held any enmity. In fact, their smiles were so clear they almost seemed refreshing. If one didn’t pay attention to what they were saying, it might have seemed as if they were two good friends reminiscing or something. But the words they unleashed were like poison, and they both dodged the storm of barbed words in order to throw their own.</p>

      <p>“Oh my... Would you like to test that?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t recommend it. I don’t like fighting battles where the conclusion is obvious.” Orm narrowed his eyes tauntingly, and his surroundings started to waver as if they were just a mirage.</p>

      <p>At the same time, Castor picked up his weapon, an anchor.</p>

      <p>Anchors were normally used to stop boats, but this one was the size a human could hold, long enough to be akin to a spear. It might be more accurate to say it was a spear shaped like an anchor rather than being a real anchor. Even if its size was something a human could wield, its weight was an entirely different matter. The anchor was heavy enough that simply dropping it would crack the earth, but Castor lifted it easily as he jumped off of his beloved ship, the <em>Argo</em>.</p>

      <p>Castor stopped in midair, facing Orm. “But if you’re going to come at me, then I’m not going to let that go unanswered. You’re gonna have to be prepared to get burned if you want it.”</p>

      <p>“So all I’ll get is a burn? How kind.”</p>

      <p>“It’s still a burn if you’re only ash.”</p>

      <p>One flash. Two.</p>

      <p>Castor swung his anchor so fast that the sound of his swing had to catch up. Those attacks, which caused gale winds, were aimed straight at Orm. Orm blocked them with his bare arm before unleashing some compressed mana from his palm. Castor easily spun his anchor and deflected the compressed mana before throwing out another large swing.</p>

      <p>“Wind!”</p>

      <p>The swung anchor conjured a blade of wind. While this was the same kind of Wood-element attack Jupiter had used, its strength and scope were far removed from what that member of the Seven Luminaries could achieve. It was a great invisible blade that could bisect a small island. If it hit, even Libra would be hurt.</p>

      <p>Even that Orm defended against with only a single hand. Orm then rushed Castor and threw out a kick, the aftershocks of which managed to leave a wound on Castor’s cheek.</p>

      <p>“Heh. I already knew this, but you really are stronger.”</p>

      <p>The skirmish only lasted a scant few seconds, but Castor had already gotten a pretty accurate sense of the difference in their power levels. As he’d expected, Orm was stronger. Castor wasn’t sure he’d be able to win, even if he bent over backward for it.</p>

      <p>But he’d already expected this, and he’d planned for it. There was nothing for Castor to be worried about.</p>

      <p>Castor’s true strength wasn’t in one-on-one fights in the first place. As an individual, Castor lost out to the likes of Leon and Libra. Even so, he never doubted that he could bring to bear the greatest strength among all the Conquering Twelve Heavenly Stars. Fighting wasn’t just all about the individual. The overall strength of the group, or “army,” was what truly counted.</p>

      <p>Castor raised his right hand into the sky. It served as a signal, and dozens of human forms gathered on the <em>Argo</em>’s deck. Each one of them had the aura of a strong fighter, and they all waited with an imposing air for the command to sortie.</p>

      <p>Orm’s composure disappeared, a grim expression on his face.</p>

      <p>“Argonautai, my comrades! Show me your power! Our great enemy is right here!”</p>

      <p>Castor gave the order. Instantly, the heroes identified as the “Argonautai” jumped.</p>

      <p>They numbered in the triple digits, and every single one of them was over level 500. In fact, the strongest of them were level 1000, even surpassing Castor in level. They were all survivors of the great war two hundred years ago. Actually, they hadn’t exactly “survived.”</p>

      <p>They had all undoubtedly died before. They were all ancient heroes who’d sided with Lufas during that battle. Even after having been defeated and losing their lives, they’d managed to be reborn thanks to a fairy and were all still warriors who’d pledged loyalty to their black-winged lord.</p>

      <p>A small fraction of the dead didn’t ascend to the afterlife but instead remained in the world. They became ghosts, walking corpses, or some sort of other monster. But an even smaller fraction of them, the ones with the strongest souls, had managed to retain their reason and nobility to become “heroic spirits.”</p>

      <p>Castor’s little sister, Pollux—the other half of Gemini as well as the Fairy Princess—had the ability to use mana to grant heroic spirits temporary bodies and essentially revive them. The skill, which essentially made her a personal army, was named “Argonautai.” While the skill was basically cheating, Pollux herself had no combat power and no leadership ability. That was why her older brother, Castor, was the one leading them.</p>

      <p>In other words, the skill was only successful when the two of them worked as one. That was the true power of the Argonautai skill.</p>

      <p>“Pay close attention, Devil King! This is our power and our bond! This is the Fairy Princess’s sword, the black-winged army led by me, Castor!”</p>

      <p>In perfect timing with Castor’s shout, the heroic spirits all attacked at once.</p>

      <p>Orm’s magic bullet was completely defended against by a priest’s shield. A swordmaster’s blade cut into a monster that followed Orm. A grappler’s fist blew another monster away. An alchemist transmuted blades through which it created a storm, and another alchemist transmuted a giant golem which crushed several monsters all at once.</p>

      <p>The power of those from two hundred years ago was tremendous. Each and every one of them could have been substituted for an army of thousands. Each was basically an entire national army unto themselves.</p>

      <p>Since the skill was canceled when not in combat, the Argonautai’s Monster Tamers and alchemists couldn’t use their skills to grow the army’s strength. Even so, the Argonautai could be considered Mizgarz’s strongest army. Even the Devil King knew of its power. That was exactly why he’d taken his army of monsters with him.</p>

      <p>But their strength was just different! The monster army, which was certainly not weak, was getting steadily and one-sidedly destroyed!</p>

      <p>“You are certainly strong, Devil King. As an individual, you probably rival my lord. Your monsters as well. They’re not weak. But that’s all.”</p>

      <p>As lone units, the monster army wasn’t inferior, but the fight was still one-sided. The monsters were indeed grouped together, but they were no army. No matter how far you tried to stretch the definition, they were simply a “herd.” The monsters had no teamwork, and with one hundred monsters there would be one hundred individual fights.</p>

      <p>But the heroic spirits were different. Even with one hundred of them, they fought as one. All one hundred of their powers converged, and they used their perfectly synced movements and loyalty of steel to face their enemies. Each one of them relied on the other in battle. They encouraged each other and inspired bravery among themselves in order to face strong opponents. With the Argonautai, one plus one was not two. It was ten, or even one hundred. That was why they were an army. They were the definition of united.</p>

      <p>“You and your horde that knows nothing but straightforward clashes have no chance against us, who have united under Lufas Maphaahl’s banner! As a leader, you are far outmatched by our lord!”</p>

      <p>Castor veritably slid through the air and slammed his weapon at Orm.</p>

      <p>Orm’s arms and Castor’s anchor clashed several times, each accompanied by a shower of sparks. Orm’s black cloak flapped in the wind, and Castor’s white coat similarly billowed. Both men were like comets, speeding through the skies and clashing over and over. If the one-on-one battle continued, Orm would probably win.</p>

      <p>A strider jumped in to help Castor, managing a shallow cut on Orm’s wrist while a sorcerer’s magic engulfed him.</p>

      <p>“This is the end, Devil King! Scatter, heroes! This last hit will finish it!”</p>

      <p>The heroic spirits heeded Castor’s orders and retreated all at once. Then, Castor unleashed the greatest Wood element attack spell he could manage. A storm was conjured, lightning struck, and behind Castor appeared the majestic, shining forms of fifty giant gods.</p>

      <p>In this world, the one true god was Alovenus, but religion would always branch off and splinter depending on the times and the area, so the gods born from humanity’s imagination were endless. These conjured forms were all apparitions of gods that had been buried in the darkness of history in Alovenus’s name, their religions brought low as heretical cults, and their worshipers possibly even thrown to the demons. It was a summoning.</p>

      <p>“Gods of Fifty Names!” With Castor’s cry, the fifty false gods attacked at once.</p>

      <p>There was a main god of a mythos born from human imagination. There was also a war god and a god of the underworld. There was even a half-deity, one with human blood. Some false gods breathed fire, and some attacked with their fists. They brewed up storms, caused lightning to strike, and used their divine brilliance in other ways to trample the enemy.</p>

      <p>Eventually, their attacks finished, and not a single monster was left standing. As for Orm, he was no longer there.</p>

      <p>“So it’s over.”</p>

      <p>Castor, who’d still been floating in the sky, dropped to the ground, exhausted, and looked around at the monsters. Those who had lost their lives would eventually return to the earth and dissolve into mana, which would circulate the world.</p>

      <p><em>I’ve somehow managed to protect that which my little sister left me.</em></p>

      <p>For two hundred years after his lord and master was defeated, Castor had been safeguarding this item using his ship and heroic spirits. It was a key to reach the heavens, which, if used incorrectly, could destroy the world. There was no way he could allow it to fall into the hands of the devilfolk. It was for his lord who would eventually return and her only.</p>

      <p>While his little sister didn’t have any combat power herself, she was the Fairy Princess and possessed a mysterious ability. It had been she herself who’d told Castor that their master would one day return.</p>

      <p>So, Castor had been ordered to protect the key. That was two hundred years ago.</p>

      <p><em>I can only lead armies and fight, but my little sister definitely sees what will happen in the future. Either that, or our lord gave her an order before that battle.</em></p>

      <p>That was why Castor was still here. He believed in his lord and his little sister, so he had continued to fight for two hundred straight years.</p>

      <p>“Now then, I should move the ship before the next challengers come.”</p>

      <p>Convinced of his victory, Castor made to return to the ship.</p>

      <p>That’s when it happened. Suddenly, a black flash parted the clouds and sliced through the ship.</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p><em>There was someone left?!</em></p>

      <p>While being forced to watch his smoking ship sink, Castor readied his anchor and turned around. His heroic spirits also prepared for battle, each one readying their weapons. That was when they saw their enemy. It was big—too big—and it writhed beyond the smoke and clouds.</p>

      <p>“Wha— What...?! Th-That’s...? No way... That’s impossible...!”</p>

      <p><em>Just how long is it?! One kilometer? No.</em></p>

      <p><em>Ten kilometers? No!</em></p>

      <p>Its form was way too large and way too long... Long enough to wrap around all of Mizgarz...</p>

      <p>The huge shadow pierced through the clouds to show its face, giving the heroic spirits a large dose of fear.</p>

      <p>“W-Waaaaaaarrrrgghhh?!”</p>

      <p>As an army, they had certainly won. Orm’s horde had been completely destroyed, but they weren’t aware... They didn’t know that some truly unfair and unimaginable beings existed in this world, or that devastatingly powerful individuals who could overwhelm entire armies existed. But they realized that fact today, just as they realized the real reason why the Seven Heroes had been defeated two hundred years ago...</p>

      <h2>4</h2>

      <p>We left Blutgang under the dwarves’s watch the day after I’d made the very foolish mistake of powering Libra up when she had needed nothing of the sort. Or rather...they sent us off. To be honest, I wanted to relax in Blutgang a little longer, but Scorpius was with us. I couldn’t very well have a country accommodate their aggressor for so long, so we had to leave quickly. The fact that they’d even let us stay for a full day was a huge favor. Normally, I’d expect to be rejected immediately.</p>

      <p>As for Scorpius herself, she’d been almost surgically attached to my arm ever since she’d woken up.</p>

      <p><em>I can feel you pressing your chest into my arm, but you realize that won’t work, right? We’re the same gender. Though I’m a guy on the inside.</em></p>

      <p>Well, personally, I was fine with this as long as Scorpius was happy, since she’d been left alone so long that she’d gone berserk. This didn’t seem to fly with the other Twelve Heavenly Stars outside of Virgo, and the stares I could sense behind me were a little painful. Aries seemed unhappy, and Aigokeros was glaring so many daggers I could swear he was trying to curse someone to death. Libra had a gun in her hands the entire time, too, while Karkinos lamented loudly, “M E was only recently reunited with her tooooo!”</p>

      <p>Our group was getting more and more chaotic, but Tanaka still drove along like normal today. Our next goal was to find Eros, or Pisces. We’d heard about him from Mizar. However, there was one problem. Neither Mizar nor we knew where Pisces was, not even Dina.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm. What should we do about this?</em></p>

      <p>“Aahhh, your expression while you’re deep in thought is wonderful too, Lady Lufas!” Scorpius said before tangling herself even further on my arm.</p>

      <p><em>I don’t really mind, but please stop talking into my ear. It tickles.</em></p>

      <p>Libra must have figured out what I was thinking, since she took her literal steel arm and grabbed Scorpius’s head to peel her off of me.</p>

      <p>“Hey, that hurts! What do you think you’re doing?!”</p>

      <p>“You will stop this now, Scorpius. I understand that you are happy to be reunited, but you are causing our master trouble. I will not allow you to continue on like this.”</p>

      <p>“Ha! And why do I need your permission to nurture Lady Lufas’s and my love? If you keep on going, I’ll be happy to turn you into scrap just like I did with your little sisters, you know?”</p>

      <p>“I strongly advise that you stop this. If it comes to a fight, you will be the one reduced to pieces.”</p>

      <p>Sparks flew between Scorpius and Libra as they started a glaring contest with me in the middle.</p>

      <p>Aries was panicking, unsure of what to do, while Aigokeros rolled up his sleeves, clearly wanting to jump in and participate. Karkinos showed no signs of stopping them. In fact, he was smiling excitedly while egging them on. Meanwhile, Virgo had already retreated to a place where she wouldn’t immediately become a casualty. As for Dina, she perfectly blended herself into the background.</p>

      <p>“I have not!”</p>

      <p>Okay, so “background” was just a joke. In reality, she was just sipping on tea in the corner, not minding any of this.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the atmosphere surrounding Libra and Scorpius had gotten even more dangerous. Eventually, Scorpius’s hair started moving and pointed its tip straight at Libra. In response, Libra clenched her fist. The situation was about to explode.</p>

      <p>Realizing how dangerous things were, I decided to step in between them myself. “Stop. Do you want to destroy Tanaka?”</p>

      <p>“Mm... It seems your life has been saved, Scorpius.”</p>

      <p>“You mean yours. Right, Libra?”</p>

      <p>Somehow, I’d managed to stop their fight before it started, but they were still glaring at each other. <em>Wow. These two don’t get along well. </em>Aries and Aigokeros were quite friendly, but it seemed like not all of the Twelve Heavenly Stars got along, given the relationship between these two. <em>Well, I suppose there had to be at least one.</em></p>

      <p>For now, I decided to take the opportunity to check Scorpius’s stats.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【<b>Twelve Heavenly Stars: Scorpius</b>】</p>

      <p>【Level】: 800</p>

      <p>【Race】: Emperor Berserk Scorpion</p>

      <p>【Attribute】: Fire</p>

      <p>【HP】: 90000</p>

      <p>【SP】: 8000</p>

      <p>【STR (Strength)】: 4800</p>

      <p>【DEX (Dexterity)】: 3105</p>

      <p>【VIT (Vitality)】: 6570</p>

      <p>【INT (Intelligence)】: 2100</p>

      <p>【AGI (Agility)】: 3800</p>

      <p>【MND (Mind)】: 3300</p>

      <p>【LUK (Luck)】: 5500<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Oh, she’s back to level 800. So, like, did she go back because the Goddess’s influence is gone? Or is it because her hatred disappeared after reuniting with me? It’s gotta be one of those.</em></p>

      <p>At any rate, Scorpius’s HP had gone down because she’d lost some of her levels, and she’d become unable to withstand Brachium anymore. <em>Yeah. Libra was right. If they fought, Libra’d win. Actually, it’s kind of unfair that she wins against both Scorpius and Aries, who she should have an elemental-type disadvantage to.</em></p>

      <p>I was once again made to recognize how ridiculously powerful Brachium was. Just that single skill made Libra a top candidate for the strongest, though I suppose that was only natural.</p>

      <p>However, Scorpius was also the same in the respect that stats didn’t tell her true strength. Her bread and butter lay in poison attacks, so in extreme terms her stats weren’t all that high. On top of that, her ATK stat had been boosted by Berserk in addition to the extra levels when we’d fought, so her stats right now seemed like they belonged to a completely different person. Scorpius also had high LUK, so she critted often. Without Brachium, Scorpius would probably defeat Libra.</p>

      <p><em>I guess the most fearsome one of all is the Goddess for being able to power-up Scorpius until she could tank Brachium and beat Libra. The Seven Heroes got the same power-up two hundred years ago; of course I wasn’t able to win.</em></p>

      <p>“So, Miss Lufas, what do we do now?”</p>

      <p>“For now, We have no choice but to focus on those whose locations We know. If We remember correctly, there should be Stars in Alfheim, Helheim, and Muspelheim.”</p>

      <p><em>Out of those three, Alfheim should be the easiest to get to.</em></p>

      <p>Alfheim, otherwise known as the fairy paradise, was actually inside humanity’s sphere of influence and was the closest geographically. On the other hand, Muspelheim was outside of humanity’s sphere, and Helheim was underground. Most importantly, Gemini of the Twins was in Alfheim. They were a unit of two people, which meant we’d get two people stronger when I got them back.</p>

      <p>While I considered the situation, Tanaka suddenly stopped, cutting my ponderings short. <em>What happened? It’s rare for Tanaka to stop by itself.</em></p>

      <p>“We stopped. What happened?”</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Tanaka? Did something happen?”</p>

      <p>“Y E S, B O S S.”</p>

      <p>I looked out the front window. A huge crowd of people was around a kilometer ahead of us. It didn’t seem like they’d noticed us, but a steady stream of beastfolk, humans, elves, and others were all heading towards the same place. Looking up at the sky, I even saw heaven-winged heading for the spot. It was obvious that they’d come for some sort of shared purpose.</p>

      <p>“Dina, is something happening up ahead?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, given this area and their direction... Ah, it’s Draupnir.”</p>

      <p>“The beastfolk country? But there are other races here too.”</p>

      <p>Dina only cocked her head and hummed in reply to my question. Apparently she wasn’t sure either.</p>

      <p>Scorpius stepped up in exchange. “Ah, that’s because the country is holding a hunting festival nearby, my lady. It’s a truly meaningless contest of strength between a bunch of nobodies. Monster Tamers release a bunch of monsters at once, and people compete to see who can hunt the most.”</p>

      <p>“Oh? It’s surprising you knew about this.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, well... After I destroyed Blutgang, I was planning to use this hunting festival to spread monsters throughout this country to attack it.”</p>

      <p>“Oh...”</p>

      <p><em>Damn. It’s seriously a good thing we managed to get Scorpius back when we did. </em>If I hadn’t, she might have pulled off the worst hat trick ever and destroyed not only Hrotti but Blutgang and Draupnir too.</p>

      <p>Scorpius wrapped herself around my arm as if she weren’t feeling any guilt over it. <em>She probably wasn’t, actually</em>. When she looked up from that position, she happened to see Dina. “By the way, who’s the blue one? And also that white one.”</p>

      <p>“Now?!”</p>

      <p>“The girl with the white wings is Virgo. She’s inherited the position of Maiden in the Twelve Heavenly Stars. Parthenos is dead, you see. The blue one is Dina Sceneria, the ‘Background.’”</p>

      <p>“Hey, wait a second! Don’t just casually slip in those lies, Libra! I don’t have any such family name!”</p>

      <p>“Did we have a ‘Background’ Star? Well, whatever. Nice to meet you, Background.”</p>

      <p>“Please stop calling me that!” Dina looked over at me, half in tears.</p>

      <p>I clearly understood from that look that she was silently begging me to do something. A beautiful girl’s tears were a powerful thing that aroused a protective desire, but even more powerful was my mysterious desire to tease Dina. So I decided to do something...</p>

      <p>“Yes, it’s true that a shining star can’t be in the background. So why not be the space that brings out a Star’s shine...? A background is also necessary for a tale of conquest...”</p>

      <p>“Miss Lufas?!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, isn’t that great, Background? In a sense, you’re more important than us Stars, you know? You’re space itself.”</p>

      <p>“But I’m not happy at all!”</p>

      <p>It was about time for her half-in-tears to become full-on tears, so I decided to stop the teasing there. Well, it did seem like Scorpius had actually just misunderstood.</p>

      <p>“Still, a hunting festival...”</p>

      <p>To be completely honest, the festival held absolutely no interest for me. It felt kind of self-aggrandizing, but Scorpius was right. At our level, a festival like this was not worth it. It was kind of like a no-life gamer who’d perfected a game watching newbies diligently grinding. Honestly, if I had time to waste on the festival, it’d be put to better use just going around trying to find and loot items. I didn’t even have an ounce of desire to participate.</p>

      <p>I didn’t know how big Draupnir was, but with my speed, it wasn’t impossible for me to go around the entire capital and clean up all the monsters myself. The same went for the rest of my party. If any of them participated, I could just see the overkill in the near future. But I was still considering allowing that overkill to happen.</p>

      <p>“This seems like a worthy distraction. Virgo, you participate.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Me?!”</p>

      <p>Virgo was the lowest leveled of all of us. Even then, she was still level 300—an incredible amount of strength for this current era. It would still be overkill for this event, but I wanted her to build some confidence, even though I felt a little guilty towards the other participants.</p>

      <p>Virgo herself probably hadn’t realized just how strong she was. After all, she’d spent her entire life holed up in a forest being raised by Parthenos, and when she finally left, she was surrounded by the Twelve Heavenly Stars. She had completely gotten it into her head that she was weak.</p>

      <p>There was a saying that went “a frog in a well knows nothing of the ocean.” Originally, this was meant to say that a frog, or person, who was proud to know everything in their little well of a world didn’t know of anything beyond it, like the wide ocean. Nothing in that saying specified how big the well was, though. That frog could very well have been a monster over a meter in size. However, the frog in the well still didn’t have any means to realize just how big and how strong it was.</p>

      <p>This applied to Virgo perfectly. I needed to get weak frogs from outside the well lined up in front of her to show her just how strong she was. I didn’t want her to get full of herself. But at the very least, I wanted her to start having enough self-confidence to match her strength. In my mind, that was one of the duties given to me when Parthenos entrusted me with her child.</p>

      <p>“You wish to win the hunting festival, Lady Lufas? Then leave it to me. I’ll soak all the monsters and the other participants in poison.”</p>

      <p>“If you allow me the honor, I can make all the beastfolk and the entire capital sink into the depths of fear and despair...”</p>

      <p>“My Brachium will cover the entire capital...”</p>

      <p>“Uh, I can use my Mesarthim constantly and...”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What?! Then I’ll slam a Morning Venus into the capital...”</p>

      <p>“N O O O?! It’s only M E who doesn’t have a large-scale attack?! I can’t win!”</p>

      <p>“All of you are barred from entering.”</p>

      <p><em>Why the hell are you guys trying to one-up each other in violence? You know that the capital isn’t a monster, right? And that if you bring down the capital, we can’t win?</em></p>

      <p>“Well, anyway... These fools don’t need to enter. You’ll be more than enough to win without them.”</p>

      <p>“Um, but I don’t have any large-scale attacks like they do...”</p>

      <p>“And that’s why they don’t need to participate. A hunting festival doesn’t call for that sort of thing in the first place.”</p>

      <p>Thanks to the idiots’ weird contest, Virgo was barreling headlong into a misunderstanding, so I made sure to correct it. A hunting festival was a race to see who could hunt the most monsters the quickest. It wasn’t a place to indiscriminately fire large-scale attack skills. Though I was guilty of doing just that in the game when friendly fire was off...</p>

      <p>I pat Virgo’s head. “How about it?” I’d like her to use this opportunity to gain some confidence. That was the truth. It was too sad that she severely underestimated herself and blinded herself to all her talent and ability because she was surrounded by such monsters.</p>

      <p>“Okay. Then... I’d like to try.”</p>

      <p>“Good. Take it easy. Don’t feel too pressured to win.”</p>

      <p>With that, Virgo’s participation was decided. All we needed to do was head to Draupnir.</p>

      <p>I gave Tanaka orders to change course.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>