<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Y-You’re...”</p>

      <p>“We owe you for the meal, so we came back,” Lufas said, drawing the sword at her waist.</p>

      <p>Then, the sword extended and twisted like a snake, flashing across the battlefield. The sword bit into the wyverns one after the other, turning each one into a corpse with a single strike.</p>

      <p>Mizar placed his hands on the ground and created golems. The artificial soldiers formed a line to protect the human soldiers. From behind the line, Megrez launched another spell, and Alioth ran through the battlefield to assault the wyverns.</p>

      <p>“I-Is this a miracle...?”</p>

      <p>“Hey, Dubhe, am I dreaming right now?”</p>

      <p>“I think I’m dreaming too...”</p>

      <p>“You forgot to make a bear pun there.”</p>

      <p>Another epic tale was unfolding before their very eyes, and the ones who were fighting were heroes. Just four adventurers had already managed to destroy the entire horde of wyverns. The dragon returned and threw a blow with all its might, but Lufas stopped it with one hand. The blow, which was made with an overwhelming size and weight difference, caused the ground under Lufas to cave in as she received it, but Lufas herself hadn’t budged an inch. Then, she countered. In a flash, she jumped in front of the dragon’s face and unleashed a straight right. The dragon was launched backward, and Lufas followed. To others, it looked as if she’d kicked the air, and in the next moment, she was already caught up and attacking.</p>

      <p>She continued to chase it further. Flying even faster than the dragon was, she kicked it upward before once again flying up ahead of it and punching it back down. But she wasn’t finished yet. Lufas dropped and reached the ground faster than the dragon yet again, kicking it away as it fell into range.</p>

      <p>The dragon rolled away like it was a ball, its horns and claws snapping off and flying in all directions.</p>

      <p>To finish it off, Lufas raised both hands together.</p>

      <p>“I order you as your master: bisect mine enemies with your steel blade. Come, Karkinos!”</p>

      <p>A crimson-red form jumped out of the rift in space, answering Lufas’s call. It was a gigantic crab monster that was just as big as the dragon. The crab grabbed the dragon by the neck with its pincers and slammed it into the ground. Then the pincers closed. The dragon’s hard scales, which should have protected it, did nothing as its head was easily separated from its body and fell to the ground.</p>

      <p>With its job done, the crab waved its pincers as it retreated back into the crack in space. The literal instant kill had Alphecca dumbstruck.</p>

      <p>Eventually, the situation caught up with some of the soldiers, and there was an uproar. As more and more soldiers regained their senses, they added their voices to the yell. Eventually the yells became cheers loud enough to shake the ground.</p>

      <p>“W-WOOOWWWW! Amazing, utterly amazing! You’re all, uh... Anyway, you guys are great! Dammit, that’s the only way I can describe it!”</p>

      <p>“Hey, man, is this a joke?! Did we really survive that?!”</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna go back and confess to the girl I like!”</p>

      <p>“The hell?! Is this a dream?! Dammit, I never wanna wake up!”</p>

      <p>Among all the soldiers’ cheers, Alphecca couldn’t help but notice that his fingers were trembling.</p>

      <p><em>Is this fear? No, it’s elation, excitement. With the threat of the dragon in front of my face, I was convinced of humanity’s loss. I thought that even the notion of fighting was ridiculous.</em></p>

      <p><em>But... Ah, I see... Hope was right here. Here, with the heroes. We can win! As long as they’re here, humanity can win!</em></p>

      <p>Later, he would swear loyalty to Lufas, and Alphecca William would later go down in history as an extraordinary warrior who stayed by Lufas’s side even in the fight with the Seven Heroes. His autobiography would say that this was the start of his epic tale. On that day, humanity bore witness to numerous miracles, and that marked the start of humanity’s counterattack against the dragons.</p>

      <p>“On that day, I witnessed the start of a story,” was what Alphecca had written down in his autobiography.</p>

      <p>Eventually after his death, Alphecca’s autobiography would become widespread, and in its popularity, it would raise a question and show how heroes ought to be. Every book that he wrote always ended with the same line:</p>

      <p><em>“I don’t believe Lufas Maphaahl would come to an end like that. I just don’t. I’m sure she’ll come back someday. She’ll come back and once again show us countless miracles. That’s what I believe.”</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>