<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>A Wild Last Boss Appeared! Volume 4</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_4">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Petto reacted quickly, drawing his sword and slashing at the devilfolk at a speed that Sei could just barely catch with his eyes. The sword bit deeply into the devilfolk’s form, but there wasn’t a drop of blood. In fact, there was barely any response at all to the sword going into him. The part of the devilfolk where the sword slashed through simply wriggled for a while as water.</p>

      <p>“It won’t work.”</p>

      <p>The devilfolk’s arm bent like a whip as it assaulted the shocked Petto. The single strike caused his armor to shatter, and Petto fell, unmoving. Petto was in a position to lead other soldiers, so he should have had the strength to match. But he was still like this after one hit.</p>

      <p><em>So strong... </em>Sei thought, convinced as cold sweat started to bead on his skin.</p>

      <p>“Is he dead? Or is he simply unconscious...? At any rate, that is what happens when you challenge someone without understanding the difference in our strength. Use this experience to become a little wiser.”</p>

      <p>“You bastard!”</p>

      <p>The devilfolk’s mocking words caused the other beastfolk soldiers to erupt in rage and stab at him with their lances all at once. But of course, it didn’t work. The spears went straight though the devilfolk like they were stabbing at water, and the young man’s expression didn’t change a bit.</p>

      <p>“Such useless actions...”</p>

      <p>The devilfolk man moved his fingers quickly, drawing a pentagram in the air. It was a circle needed as a vessel to activate magic. Wood sat at the vertex, and from there in clockwise order were Fire, Earth, Metal, and Water. Each point of the star connected the element to their opposites, showing their relationships. He also drew a double circle enclosing the formation, symbolizing the Moon and Sun elements. Finally, he concentrated his mana and poured it into the finished vessel.</p>

      <p>“Magic?! No way, that was too fast!”</p>

      <p>It was common knowledge that magic needed three processes to activate. The caster needed to create a vessel, gather mana and pour it into the vessel, and lastly, finalize the magic and launch it. The speed at which the caster could complete those processes directly showed the skill of the caster, and those with a lot of experience could always activate magic faster. At the pinnacle of all that was casting magic with no requisite behavior at all. Megrez, Aigokeros, and the Devil King were all at that level. The Seven Luminaries could cast simple spells with no need for such actions as well.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, that also meant that if one of the Seven Luminaries were using those actions, they were trying to cast an equivocally large spell.</p>

      <p>“Apsaras!”</p>

      <p>The devilfolk created a giant swan made of water. Inside the tent, there was no place to run. The spell that was a bird cried out, and the tent was blown up from the inside.</p>

      <h2>11</h2>

      <p>Apsaras was a magic spell that changed mana into a large amount of water, formed it into a large swan, and slammed that into the caster’s enemies. The most standout feature of this spell was its ability to track the target. The swan would automatically chase the enemy it had locked onto as its target and would not let it get away. It was a spell that wasn’t lacking in power, scope, and accuracy. But for all that, it needed a correspondingly large amount of mana and was likewise difficult to cast. If a human were to try and cast that spell, they would definitely need at least a couple minutes. Yet for the devilfolk man, it’d been easy and quick. Just that showed the difference in their power.</p>

      <p>“Force Barrier!”</p>

      <p>Just before the water swan hit everyone, a wall of light sprung up to protect them. It was a defensive wall made of divine power by Virgo.</p>

      <p>It wasn’t an easy feat for a barrier erected so hastily to stop that spell completely. Normally, the swan would have broken through after some delay due to the clash. But rainbow-colored fire got in between the swan and the barrier, evaporating enough water for the barrier to be able to defend against the enemy’s spell. On top of that, the rainbow-colored fire changed course and started eating into the devilfolk’s right arm.</p>

      <p>This all happened so quickly that the only ones who’d noticed what happened were Virgo and the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know who you are, but it looks like there’s a troublesome one among you... I’m not a fool who doesn’t understand his own strength. I suppose I’ll have to take my leave here,” the devilfolk said while looking at his arm, which had disappeared after only one attack. He then jumped away and hid himself.</p>

      <p>Aries saw everything, but he decided not to give chase. It would be easy to hunt the young man down and kill him, but the job that’d been given to him by Lufas was to support Virgo. Aries couldn’t risk the chance of something happening to her if he left. In the end, Aries could kill an enemy of that caliber at any time. There was no need to rush to finish him off.</p>

      <p>“H-He left?” Sei was mystified at the sudden disappearance of the enemy.</p>

      <p>The bikini armor guy agreed with that sentiment. “Looks like it.”</p>

      <p>The skirmish hadn’t lasted very long, but it was still enough for everyone to realize the gap in strength between them and the enemy. There was no way he was any normal devilfolk soldier. Having realized that, Petto muttered bitterly while still on the ground, “Th-The polish and power of that Water spell just now... No way. Is that Mercurius of the Seven Luminaries?”</p>

      <p>Virgo rushed over and started healing Petto’s wounds with heaven-arts. Soon after she started, much of the pain disappeared from his expression, and he looked to be feeling much better.</p>

      <p>“Mercurius?” Virgo repeated.</p>

      <p>Petto nodded. “I’ve only heard rumors, but they say that there is a man among the devilfolk who possesses a liquid body and is immune to physical attacks. That totally fits with the man we fought just now. On top of that is his skill with Water elemental magic.”</p>

      <p>“A-A Luminary? That’s no joke. I’m out! No number of lives’ll be enough to face that monster!”</p>

      <p>“M-Me too! This isn’t the sort of thing to ask of an adventurer! Go get your national army and all their training to get that elixir!”</p>

      <p>The moment the enemy’s name left Petto’s mouth, there was an uproar, and several men left the tent before anyone could react. That was only to be expected. The biggest threat to humanity in these times were the Seven Luminaries of the devilfolk. Only seven of them had cornered humanity; they were terrifying invaders, so just the idea of fighting them was abnormal.</p>

      <p>They were still terrifying figures, even if Lufas could punch them into the sky with a single blow, or if they didn’t stand a chance against Libra, or if Aigokeros treated them like weaklings, or if Aries didn’t even consider them worth chasing. Lufas and her party were the ones that were strange. That fact must not be forgotten.</p>

      <p>Thus, almost all of the contestants from the hunting festival ran, leaving only three people behind. It was just Virgo, Sei, and Aries in an all-black disguise.</p>

      <p>“Th-This is bad... What to do?”</p>

      <p>“They have a point, though. I think it’d be better to send soldiers with training to the mountain instead of some adventurers.”</p>

      <p>Petto groaned over the loss of the contestants, but it was only natural for them to leave. After all, none of them had received any proper training, and they weren’t being provided with weapons, either. Adventurers were just civilians who happened to hunt monsters for a living, so they wound up being stronger than most civilians. Even the weapons they carried were cheap bunk compared to what soldiers got. Adventurers had to use every trick they had to make it work. Every once in a while one did manage to find a good weapon in some ruins, but those were exceptions to the rule. This wasn’t like the game Sei had played. Adventurers who traveled around wielding legendary weapons just didn’t exist.</p>

      <p>“If that were possible, we’d have done it already. It’s because we can’t that we tried to recruit adventurers.”</p>

      <p>“What? You can’t?”</p>

      <p>“That mountain is a sacred place. That’s why there’s a barrier over it that turns away monsters. And it works on us beastfolk too.”</p>

      <p>The first thing Sei thought of after hearing Petto’s reply was what Kross had taught him about humanity in this world. The beastfolk, who numbered among humanity, were in essence no different from monsters according to Kross. Orcs made a good example; by more extreme definitions, they were basically just pig beastfolk. They were descended from humans, changed by mana, and had animal characteristics. There was basically no difference.</p>

      <p>Then what made beastfolk different from orcs? The answer was whether or not they could coexist with other humans. Beastfolk could. That was why they were considered part of humanity. Orcs couldn’t. That was why they were categorized as monsters. That was the only difference, meaning that most things that worked on monsters also worked on beastfolk.</p>

      <p>“But that was also a stroke of luck this time. The barrier that protects against monsters is more specifically an anti-mana barrier, so the devilfolk can’t get in either. We won’t have to worry about the elixir being stolen right away.”</p>

      <p>“A mana repellent, is it?”</p>

      <p>Sei planned to consult with his party after this, but the barrier was a problem. The reason being that the strongest member of Sei’s party was the Sword Saint, Friedrich. He was a tiger beastfolk, so they wouldn’t be able to bring along their strongest member.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, Virgo looked at Aries worriedly, and he replied with a gesture indicating this wasn’t a problem. It wasn’t nice to say, but the world as it now was just couldn’t erect a barrier strong enough to keep out a real monster like any of the Twelve Heavenly Stars. More accurately, there was no one strong enough. If anyone wanted to keep out one of the Twelve Heavenly Stars, they would need something on the level of Alioth’s barrier covering Laevateinn. The barrier was most likely something one of the Seven Luminaries could force themselves through as well, though it would probably have some effect. That meant Petto’s assumption was fundamentally wrong, but Aries purposefully didn’t point that out.</p>

      <p>“But we can’t take things too slowly. Now that the secret of the elixir is out, the Seven Luminaries will surely figure out some method of stealing it. Probably something like brainwashing a human.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re saying we don’t have much time?”</p>

      <p>The situation was already down to the wire. Without the elixir, the guardian dragon would be lost, and this country would fall. And if they left the elixir alone, then it would be taken by one of the devilfolk.</p>

      <p>Sei looked forward, determined, and started walking towards the exit of the tent.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Where are you going?”</p>

      <p>“Just wait a second, please. I’ll call my friends.”</p>

      <p>This was an important battle for the survival of an entire country. Having been convinced of that, Sei decided to immediately go and gather his friends. But the second he stepped outside the tent, he found his friends already waiting for him. Beside them, the ranger squad that had been working in the shadows for them gave him a thumbs up, letting him know that they’d probably gone and called his friends for him.</p>

      <p>“Looks like it’s our time to shine, Sei.” Jean grinned and stepped inside the tent.</p>

      <p>After him, Gantz, Nick, Shuu, Richard, the female knight (gorilla), and the tiger all gathered as the hero’s party. Looking at them all together, Sei was once again reminded of how disparate they were.</p>

      <p>“Y-You all are...?”</p>

      <p>“I’m Gantz, a mercenary. I’m in the hero’s party right now, though. I know it doesn’t fit me, though. No idea how they made this mistake. Ha ha. Well, this is an emergency. We didn’t take part in the hunting festival, but just shut up and let us help anyway.”</p>

      <p>After hearing Gantz’s name, Petto’s eyes opened wide. He couldn’t hide his surprise at the sudden appearance of the one rumored to be the strongest mercenary, someone whose name was known by anybody who made fighting their business. What surprised Petto even further was the sight of the bipedal tiger behind Gantz.</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re Fried!”</p>

      <p>“Grrr...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it really has. I’ve heard tales of your fame.”</p>

      <p>“Graahh!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, of course I’m fine. You should come by later and show your face to everyone.”</p>

      <p>“Graowl!”</p>

      <p>“If you’re worried about that, then hurry up and confess. She won’t be waiting around for you forever, you know.”</p>

      <p>“Um, excuse me! Could you please speak in a language we can understand?”</p>

      <p>While Petto could understand what Friedrich was saying and their conversation was just getting lively, Sei had no idea what was going on. He couldn’t stop himself from raising his voice, but who could blame him?</p>

      <p>When Sei spoke up, the female knight stepped forward and started to interpret what Friedrich was saying. “It seems that this cat beastfolk who’s their leader is actually Friedrich’s older brother. It’s been a long time since they’ve seen each other, so they were catching up.”</p>

      <p>“Brothers?!” Sei reflexively shouted before turning to compare the two of them.</p>

      <p>Petto was a cat beastfolk 130 cm tall. On the other hand, Friedrich was a tiger beastfolk over 2.5 m tall. Their size difference was exactly that of a cat versus a tiger. It was a little unbelievable that the two of them had the same mother.</p>

      <p>They probably noticed what Sei’s stare implied. Petto touched his paw pads to his face, embarrassed. “Yeah, I know we don’t look very similar. We get that a lot. I resemble our father, and Fried here takes after our mother.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not the problem here.”</p>

      <p>Sei couldn’t help but wonder just what kind of parents could produce brothers like this. The biology of beastfolk was truly mysterious. But if they were relatives, that made things easier. There wouldn’t be any need for extraneous explanations or trouble.</p>

      <p>After the two of them had some time to converse, they eventually shook hands firmly.</p>

      <p>“Looks like things are settled. We got permission to come along.”</p>

      <p>It seemed as if Friedrich managed to obtain permission. As always, the value of the hero and the Sword Saint title pulled their weight. Both the hero party and the Sword Saint were important enough to be tied with the pride of a country. Draupnir wouldn’t be able to expect better support if they refused the party here.</p>

      <p>The party decided to quickly set off for Hnitbjorg with only the members that were here.</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll show you the way. Please come with me.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊　　　　＊</p>

      <p>Libra and Karkinos were in a large grassland spreading out from Draupnir on a mission to search for the Archer, though the one who was mainly searching was Libra. Karkinos was almost completely useless. Libra searched in every nook and cranny, leaving no stone unturned. Eventually, she picked up what she’d been looking for.</p>

      <p>It was a single arrow. It was the weapon that had been used to kill the dinosaur before Libra’s sniper round could get to it, and it’d most likely been fired by the Archer. She didn’t have any need for the arrow itself, but finding out what angle it was lying at could tell her where it’d been launched from.</p>

      <p>Libra’s eyes flitted back and forth, numbers and words detailing the calculations of the direction of the arrow, the wind direction, and speed dancing through her sight. Eventually, a single area was highlighted in her sight, distinguished with a circular marker. Of course, she was the only one who could see all that. There was no physical marker there.</p>

      <p>“There, huh...?”</p>

      <p><em>It’s closer than I expected,</em> Libra thought. <em>The Archer should have been able to shoot from much farther away... Yes, even farther than would be possible for me.</em></p>

      <p>The site the evidence suggested was closer, much closer. It was basically only a stone’s throw away from the audience seating for the hunting festival.</p>

      <p><em>Then I’ll just have to look there next. The Archer must have taken steps to erase any traces he would have left behind, but he shouldn’t have been able to get rid of all of them. </em>For example, a small shade of a footprint left in the dirt. Or some trampled grass. Or maybe even a stray hair. As long as something like that existed, Libra would be able to string each clue together.</p>

      <p>“We’re going to the next site, Karkinos.”</p>

      <p>“Y e s.”</p>

      <p>Libra headed for the next search area while dragging along the completely useless Karkinos. All that she needed to do was follow the trail of clues one after the other until she reached the Archer. It was extremely difficult to be able to get away from Libra once she was on your trail. That applied even to a fellow member of the Twelve Heavenly Stars.</p>

      <h2>12</h2>

      <p>There were small clues leading to the Archer here and there. While following them, Libra started to have some suspicions. Such misgivings only grew deeper and more serious the closer she got until it became conviction.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no doubt... These traces have been left behind on purpose. He left just enough so that no normal person would understand, but I would. I don’t know what he’s after, but it seems he’s calling me. That’s perfect... We can simply accept the invitation and question him in person.</em></p>

      <p><em>There’s no sign of any traps. I’ve been constantly monitoring passing terrain, heat maps, and sounds coming for several kilometers around me, and I can at least say that there are no traps set for us.</em></p>

      <p>The Archer was a master at hunting. While Libra could match him in a long-ranged shooting match, his true strength lay in using the terrain to his advantage to set traps, as well as his abundant knowledge. His role was also to compensate for Lufas’s inability to cast attack magic. The Archer was best at casting attack magic that launched arrows, which meant that his act of using a real arrow despite that was clearly meant to leave clues behind for Libra to trace.</p>

      <p>However, Libra chose not to retreat in the face of that. All her efforts would be wasted if she left and called Lufas only for him to have hidden himself in the meantime. Even Libra wouldn’t be able to find him easily if he were to truly attempt to hide himself, and with his mobility, it’d be easy for him to leave this entire area by the time she would be able to return with Lufas in tow. So the fact that he had invited her was a windfall. All she had to do was continue forward.</p>

      <p>Having decided that, Libra continued tracing the clues to her destination with Karkinos in tow.</p>

      <p>Tiny things like a slight footprint here and some traces of trampled grass there along with some hair left in trees or in grass became clues that led Libra to her goal. Like that, she continued to search, and eventually, she reached a particularly dense part of the forest. There was a lot of cover and places to hide, a perfect battleground for the Archer.</p>

      <p>“You’re here, Libra.”</p>

      <p>“Sagittarius.”</p>

      <p>Libra turned towards the voice and saw a single man. She remembered him as the slender man who’d been commentating the hunting festival, Chiron. But that form was only something constructed with an illusion. Libra instantly saw through that and used his real name.</p>

      <p>In response, the Archer—Sagittarius—laughed, satisfied, and waved his hand. When he did, the figure of the slender man disappeared and was replaced with a burly centaur. His lower half was that of a horse, and his upper half was that of a muscular, burly man. This was Sagittarius’s true form.</p>

      <p>He wore his black hair in a crew cut. Sharp eyes were hidden behind thick eyebrows and a pair of sunglasses. He had the presence of a seasoned hunter. His mouth was surrounded by stubble and occupied by a cigar. Based on his looks, he’d be in his late forties in human years.</p>

      <p>He wore a robe that one would pull over their head, which was something that had been made and given to him by Lufas. Its effect was nothing big. It didn’t give much defense either, and it granted no ability to spurn attacks from any elements or status conditions. It was simply able to change its color to blend into the surroundings. While it was exceedingly good for stealth, it was pretty much meaningless in front of Libra, who could use breathing or temperature to determine her target’s location.</p>

      <p>“This is rare. You usually don’t show yourself in front of other people like this.”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius remained silent.</p>

      <p>“‘Ideally, you kill your target before they realize you’re an enemy.’ I believe those were your words. This is seriously unlike you. You usually don’t even show yourself to your friends and almost exclusively kill your targets at long-range. This is suspicious.”</p>

      <p>Even though Sagittarius was a long-range fighter just like Libra, they were still different. Libra was a pursuit and extermination type. She tenaciously chased her enemies to the ends of the earth and used high firepower to completely destroy them. She was a murder machine. In other words, she was very proactive and aggressively chased and pushed her enemies even though she was a long-ranged fighter. Her long-range attacks weren’t to zone out the enemy and keep her distance while fighting. She used them to shoot her enemies in the back as they ran; they were there to take away their means of escape.</p>

      <p>But Sagittarius was the complete opposite. His race—the centaurs—used their mobility to constantly keep their enemies at a distance and liked to attack from dead angles. They were complete sniper types. Libra started with a warning to have her enemies recognize her so she could suppress them with fear. But Sagittarius would never do that. He would bury them in one hit while they were unguarded and unaware. In other words, he was an assassin. Libra was different from him; she was a pro at combat. However, Sagittarius was a pro at killing. Whenever he would show himself to people, he would always be disguised... He always hid his true form.</p>

      <p>That was why Libra was suspicious. Feeling safe because he was a comrade? No. If that were actually the case, he would have shown himself to Lufas at the beginning. The fact that he hadn’t done that and instead showed himself to Libra first meant this wasn’t a friendly gesture.</p>

      <p>“Right now, I don’t have the right to face Miss Lufas. That’s why I called you.”</p>

      <p>“You realize I will take that to mean that you are doing something unbeneficial to her?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind. But first, I’d like you to hear me out.”</p>

      <p>Sparks flew between Libra and Sagittarius as they stared at each other.</p>

      <p>As for Karkinos, he was being completely excluded from this exchange. The threatening atmosphere of the conversation left no room for him to assert himself, so he was lifelessly sitting up against a nearby tree hugging his knees to his chest. As always, he was a completely useless man outside of his role of a shield.</p>

      <p>“Right now, I’m working with Leon.”</p>

      <p>“That traitor...? Tell me why.”</p>

      <p>Before asking anything further, Libra readied her machine gun. It was a clear statement saying that depending on his answer, she’d shoot. But Sagittarius wasn’t shaken by that. His stone-facedness was just as strong as Libra’s.</p>

      <p>“There’s almost no difference between beastfolk and monsters. Even so, us centaurs are treated as monsters. Do you know why?”</p>

      <p>“Because you aren’t bipedal. The definition of humanity in this era is based off of the form of a standard human. One is considered humanity as long as their form doesn’t greatly deviate from that—even with wings or other things—and they can coexist with other humans. To be more precise, humans were created after the image of the Goddess, so by deviating largely from that form, they are no longer strictly human. And centaurs do not fit within that framework. This is also the reason why mermaids and other similar species are considered monsters.”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. But we centaurs don’t kidnap women like orcs do, and neither do we aggressively attack people. We simply live quietly. Centaurs can, in fact, coexist with people. But we are still viewed as enemies...just because we are classified as monsters.”</p>

      <p>For monsters, centaurs were indeed peaceful and discreet. Judging from their calm and gentle demeanors, it could be said that they were actually more cultured and intelligent than some beastfolk currently recognized as part of humanity. In fact, elves praised them as “sages of the forest” and treated them with respect. They were intelligent, quiet, and kind. There were some exceptions, like Sagittarius, but most centaurs fundamentally prized peace. They basically posed no threat. But outside of elves, the rest of humanity viewed them as enemies. Depending on the situation, they’d even attack unprovoked. And only because in this era, they were taught that centaurs were monsters.</p>

      <p>“I want to change this world. I have a reason to now.”</p>

      <p>“And that’s why you’re siding with Leon?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly. If he conquers the world, then he’ll give monsters rights. When that happens, we centaurs will gain much better treatment.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve changed, Sagittarius. You used to not mind things like that. I remember that it just didn’t fit with your personality.”</p>

      <p>“Of course I’ve changed... It’s been two hundred years. I can’t just stay as I was back then. I have something I want to protect now.”</p>

      <p>Leon was the only nonconformist among the Twelve Heavenly Stars who served under Lufas. He had ambition and desired to rule the world instead of the Devil King or Lufas. It was true that if he were to rule the world, monsters would gain rights. But all that awaited people under that rule were days governed by survival of the fittest, with no room for intelligence or culture. It would be a return to the mindless world of beasts and dinosaurs before humanity came to be. And that was a far cry from the world that Lufas envisioned.</p>

      <p>“Leon is not fit to be king. At best, he could be employed as the chief of a horde. You should know that, shouldn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“I do know. I plan to compensate for the intelligence he lacks by staying by his side.”</p>

      <p>“No, you don’t. That man won’t heed any advice you give him. He lives by listening only to his instincts and desires. He’s basically a monster himself.” Libra pointed her machine gun at Sagittarius as she spoke emotionlessly. “So I’ll warn you. All will be forgiven if you return to our master. But if you persist in helping Leon, I will deem you a threat, and I will remove you now.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, but I’ve already decided. I’ll do anything for their futures. Even if that means making an enemy of Miss Lufas!”</p>

      <p>Sagittarius howled as he drew his bow. He didn’t use a real arrow this time. It was a magic arrow made of burning red flame. Sagittarius’s element was Wood, so he hadn’t originally been a threatening opponent for Libra. But the bow Lufas had given him two hundred years ago was trouble! Its effect was to change the attribute of magic. Its name was “Chaos Media,” and it was a one-of-a-kind bow given to him so he would always be able to strike at his enemy’s weak point.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>