<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 16</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2-1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“You said you wish for Princess Rosalie to be your first wife, and I won’t stop you there. However, you should be aware that if you wish to marry her, you’ll have to continue being a hero. I hope you can understand that.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki held his tongue with a sullen look.</p>

      <p>“Flora and I will be leaving for Rodania tomorrow. We need to reassure the Restoration of our safety, but we will return to Galarc immediately. While we’re there, the cancellation of your engagement with Flora will be formally announced.”</p>

      <p>“What...?” Hiroaki finally reacted, lifting his head with a twitch.</p>

      <p>“Your engagement to Princess Rosalie will remain confidential, but I’ll pass the word on to King Francois. If you truly wish to marry her, please tell her your feelings yourself,” Christina said, urging Hiroaki, who had left all the marriage talks to others until now, to make his own move.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki winced.</p>

      <p>“Roanna,” Christina continued, turning to give Roanna an order. “You remain in this castle and attend to Sir Hiroaki.”</p>

      <p>Roanna paused but eventually bowed her head. “Understood.”</p>

      <p>“What will you do, Duke Huguenot?”</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot hesitated for a moment. “I will accompany you back to Rodania,” he said, choosing to return to Rodania with them.</p>

      <p>“I wish to arrive by afternoon, so we’ll depart in the morning.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.” Duke Huguenot nodded.</p>

      <p>“Well, then. That will be all from Flora and myself.” Christina stood up. Flora hurriedly got to her feet as well.</p>

      <p>“I shall leave with you.” Duke Huguenot also rose immediately.</p>

      <p>Thus, Christina, Flora, and Duke Huguenot left the room, leaving Hiroaki and Roanna behind.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina, if I may have a moment?” Duke Huguenot called out to Christina as soon as he’d left the room.</p>

      <p>“Of course. Let’s go to your room,” Christina replied, proceeding straight to Duke Huguenot’s room nearby. Christina and Flora sat down on the sofa, facing the duke. The room was slightly smaller than Hiroaki’s.</p>

      <p>“Is what you wish to discuss concerning Sir Hiroaki?” Christina asked first.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. I strongly agree that there should be a limit to how far we can concede as an organization, but I believe the engagement to Princess Flora was canceled a little prematurely. Perhaps you could have allowed him a little more time to make up his mind?” Duke Huguenot suggested.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t see him changing his mind even if we gave him more time. He said so himself that he wanted to marry Princess Rosalie, not Flora. If I absolutely had to give him time to think, the maximum limit I would allow is up until our departure tomorrow. I made my decision with that in mind,” Christina argued back calmly. She hadn’t even shared the situation with Francois yet, and she had a feeling Hiroaki wasn’t particularly in love with Rosalie either, but she didn’t mention any of this out loud.</p>

      <p>“However, if we consult with King Francois on this matter, we could potentially ask him not to allow Hiroaki to marry Princess Rosalie. And even if it was decided that Princess Rosalie is to be his first wife, wouldn’t Princess Flora be adequate as a second wife?” Duke Huguenot paused for a short moment before adding, “So wouldn’t it be better to keep the engagement as a possibility?”</p>

      <p>“If Princess Rosalie doesn’t end up becoming Sir Hiroaki’s first wife, we’ll need to discuss whether he still has any intention of marrying someone as such. Of course, Sir Hiroaki’s opinion will be prioritized, but I plan on nominating myself as a candidate if that happens.”</p>

      <p>Christina had just revealed her intention to engage herself to Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“Sister...?” Flora broke her silence out of surprise.</p>

      <p>“Breaking a publicly announced engagement would have caused problems, but as first princess, I would’ve been better suited for the position in the first place. If Sir Hiroaki is fixed on having Princess Rosalie as his first wife, then it’s the perfect time to break the engagement without any problems. We’ve merely wiped the slate clean. Is there an issue with that?”</p>

      <p>“No... It would indeed be more convenient for the organization if you were the candidate for the first wife. If that is your intention, then I will not argue further regarding Sir Hiroaki’s case.” Duke Huguenot swallowed his objections and came to a quiet acceptance.</p>

      <p><em>She got me. I cannot argue back like this... </em>Duke Huguenot thought to himself. He personally would have preferred Flora over Christina, as it would be easier to control her as Hiroaki’s first wife. But with things like this, he could only hope Hiroaki would change his mind by the next morning. However, the chance of that happening was slim.</p>

      <p>“Is that all you wanted to discuss?” Christina asked.</p>

      <p>“No. I also wished to discuss Haruto... Sir Amakawa with you,” the duke said. His ability to cleanly detach himself from one thought and move on to the next subject was as sharp as ever.</p>

      <p>“Let’s hear it.”</p>

      <p>“Like I’ve said many times now, he is someone we should have on our side no matter what. Even if he doesn’t join the Restoration, we want him to be willing to act for our sake in an emergency.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed... That would be preferable,” Christina agreed. The reason she took a few seconds to reply was because the fact that Haruto Amakawa’s true identity was the boy she’d known in the academy had crossed her mind.</p>

      <p><em>The final straw that caused him to leave the kingdom was your son. I’ll never say those words out loud, but the temptation to throw it in his face and denounce him is there.</em></p>

      <p>Christina stared at Duke Huguenot, imagining exactly that. She wasn’t aware that he had sent Latifa after Rio as an assassin, but she had enough reason to feel angered even without knowing that.</p>

      <p><em>Not that I can speak, considering how I did nothing back then...</em></p>

      <p>Christina felt bitter regret for being equally guilty. Beside her, Flora seemed to be thinking to herself, as her complexion was rather poor.</p>

      <p>“What do you intend on doing about his reward?” a clueless Duke Huguenot asked.</p>

      <p>“When it comes to a reward befitting his achievements, we can’t decide right away. It needs to be something he’ll find appealing... Since I’ve obtained a time extension on the reward, I plan on deepening our friendship to sound him out.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>“Did you have a good idea?” Christina asked.</p>

      <p>“Under normal practices, I would suggest the hand in marriage of someone powerful from the Restoration. Fortunately, he is still a young and unmarried man.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, a normal noble would probably rejoice at that...” Christina had no choice but to agree; marrying a noblewoman from a powerful family led to success in life. An ordinary noble would naturally be delighted.</p>

      <p>“Now that King Francois has given Sir Amakawa a mansion on the castle grounds, we can assume he is seriously attempting to win him over. While it may be impossible to send a first wife from the Restoration, it would be preferable to have him take in a high-ranking wife,” Duke Huguenot said eloquently.</p>

      <p>The fact that Francois had given away a residence normally restricted to royalty was a clear message to the royal and noble classes both in and out of the kingdom—to keep their hands off Haruto Amakawa without his permission. Thus, if they made a move on Rio without Francois’s permission hereafter, they’d be picking a fight with the Galarc Kingdom—their own alliance partner.</p>

      <p>“We cannot disregard Sir Amakawa’s own wishes, and I doubt the high-ranked positions will be taken immediately, but simply watching on silently would be foolish. He has many attractive women around him already... Perhaps it would be best to discuss things with King Francois soon?” Duke Huguenot continued, giving his opinion clearly.</p>

      <p>Christina fell silent with a frown. Given that she knew Rio’s past, she believed a marriage to a Restoration noblewoman would just be an unwelcome annoyance to him.</p>

      <p>However, Duke Huguenot’s opinion was completely valid from the position of the Restoration as an organization, and as the head of the organization, it would be unnatural for her to refuse.</p>

      <p>“Would that have any adverse effects?”</p>

      <p>“No...” Christina shook her head slowly at Duke Huguenot’s question.</p>

      <p>“That leaves the matter of who to offer as a candidate. If we are to offer a marriage as a reward, we will need to offer a noblewoman from a high-ranking family. At present, the highest ranked noblewoman the Restoration can prepare is Duke Fontaine’s eldest daughter, Roanna, I suppose.”</p>

      <p>“Roanna is Sir Hiroaki’s attendant right now. Wasn’t she placed near him with the intention of marriage? That is something she accepted herself.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. However, realistically speaking, it all comes down to rank. Sir Hiroaki outwardly expressed his disapproval towards the ranking of wives, but I believe he has his order of favorites already... For convenience, he’s accepted that the top rank goes to the first wife, but he seems to be particular about who that should be,” said Duke Huguenot, analyzing the hero. After all, Hiroaki had started to insist on Rosalie as his first wife.</p>

      <p>“And Roanna is low on that list?”</p>

      <p>“No. She’s probably rather high on Sir Hiroaki’s internal list right now. However, he seems generally on board with the addition of new wives. That list may change if he gets more of them.”</p>

      <p>“So you mean that Roanna’s real ranking may fall. The downside of not having a public ranking may occur,” Christina said, making a conjecture based on Duke Huguenot’s statements.</p>

      <p>One of the major reasons why high-ranked noble families had multiple wives in the first place was simply because there was too much work for just the first wife and her children to handle. There were a small number of nobles who didn’t practice polygamy and stuck to just their beloved first wife, but having many wives was a symbol of prosperity as a noble, as it meant having enough work to allocate to all the children between the wives.</p>

      <p>That being said, it was custom for the children of higher ranked wives to be given more important work, and the wives themselves were treated better. That was because the ranking system of the wives also functioned as an agreement to avoid unnecessary conflict between the wives and children.</p>

      <p>“If he were to increase the number of wives he has without the use of a ranking system, it would be inevitable for there to be conflict in which child does what work. Increasing the number of wives also means the benefit each child receives will be reduced, so it is easy to imagine the bitter competition between them,” Duke Huguenot said, sighing.</p>

      <p>“I feel we’ve strayed a little off topic, but... In other words, instead of letting Roanna marry Sir Hiroaki under such uncertain conditions, it would be better for her to marry Sir Amakawa. Is that what you’re saying?” Christina summarized.</p>

      <p>“It would depend on Roanna’s opinion on the matter, but I believe there’s room to consider it.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean...?”</p>

      <p>“Sir Hiroaki seems to be particularly opposed to the idea of ranking his wives and restricting his ability to interact with them as he wishes. Thus, as long as that obstacle is overcome, it should be possible to convince him to use ranks. The topic is a little sensitive, so I was waiting for the right time to approach him about it, but it seems that has backfired on me. I doubt Sir Hiroaki would be willing to listen in his current state...”</p>

      <p>Not only had his marriage talks with Liselotte—his favorite—resulted in failure, there had been a brief dispute over his declaration to marry Rosalie first. It wasn’t a topic to discuss when he was in his current mood.</p>

      <p>“I believe betrothing Roanna to Sir Amakawa under such circumstances would make him more irritated, though,” Christina pointed out calmly.</p>

      <p>“Possibly. However, with his present demands to marry Princess Rosalie as his first wife, it’s difficult to guess where his true intentions lie. It may be disrespectful, but hinting at an engagement between Roanna and Sir Amakawa may be able to reveal some answers in that regard,” Duke Huguenot answered coolly.</p>

      <p><em>So we’re turning the tables by shaking him up. He really is harsh in this regard. </em>Christina was half exasperated and half impressed.</p>

      <p>“I understand your aim. But there’s no guarantee Sir Amakawa will agree to marry Roanna, and it could potentially eliminate any chance of Roanna marrying Sir Hiroaki in the future. We’d also need to consult King Francois. Above all, we have to confirm what Roanna thinks about it first. I believe the likelihood of this working out is low...” Christina said, listing the issues with Duke Huguenot’s plan.</p>

      <p>“Of course. However, if she’s aiming for the position of Sir Hiroaki’s second wife, I’m sure there’s plenty of benefit in it for Roanna as well. Surely it should be worth consideration?”</p>

      <p>Christina paused reluctantly, but was unable to find a strong enough case to argue against it. “In that case, I will approach her about it.”</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto and Roanna may get married...?” Flora mumbled quietly.</p>

      <p>“Just in case, my daughter with my second wife could also be a candidate. She’s fourteen, but considering Sir Amakawa’s achievements, she may be a little too lacking to offer as a high-ranked wife.” Duke Huguenot shrewdly offered his daughter as a candidate under a guise of modesty.</p>

      <p><em>I see... So this was his real intention.</em></p>

      <p>He took her by surprise by suggesting the unlikely plan of using Roanna, then offered a more realistic possibility as an alternative. It was a clever way of going about things.</p>

      <p>“There’s also the option of just offering Flora as a candidate,” Christina said.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!” Flora squeaked. She looked somewhat—or rather, outright—pleased about it, if Christina wasn’t mistaken.</p>

      <p>“I’m joking...” <em>Though you sure looked happy about it, </em>Christina thought to herself.</p>

      <p>It would be one thing if it was for a hero like Hiroaki, but there was no precedent of a major nation’s royalty marrying into any position lower than a noble’s first wife. If they did such a thing, they’d face backlash from the nobles of the Restoration.</p>

      <p>“R-Right... Of course.”</p>

      <p>Flora nodded in a daze. This time she looked somewhat disappointed. Incidentally, Duke Huguenot was similarly surprised, but since Christina immediately admitted it was a joke, he didn’t comment on it in particular.</p>

      <p><em>While it’s certainly realistic from his position, offering Duke Huguenot’s daughter to Sir Amakawa is out of the question.</em></p>

      <p>Christina dismissed the matter in her head. There was no way he would accept that, so even Roanna was more likely at that point. She couldn’t do something as disrespectful as recommending Duke Huguenot’s daughter to Rio for marriage—even the thought of it was repulsive to her—so she had to stop this plan in its tracks. Even if she were to bring it up to him, she’d need to approach it clearly under the premise of rejection. Thus...</p>

      <p><em>I have no other choice...</em></p>

      <p>Christina hesitated for a long moment before speaking.</p>

      <p>“I would like to recommend Professor Celia as a candidate.”</p>

      <p>In reality, the most attractive reward the Restoration could offer to Rio would be an arrangement with Celia. However, using Rio and Celia’s relationship to their advantage made Christina feel a sense of inferiority and guilt. But there was no other option.</p>

      <p>“Celia, you say...? Indeed, she would be the closest person to Haruto within the Restoration, and as the eldest daughter of a count family, she would meet the minimum standard for a reward...” Duke Huguenot said, but he seemed to disapprove nonetheless.</p>

      <p>“Is there a problem?” Christina asked, tilting her head.</p>

      <p>“No. I just cannot figure out the relationship between the two. It’s clear that they’re extremely close, but I don’t believe they’re dating. Celia is five years older, so it’s possible that Sir Amakawa doesn’t see her in that way,” Duke Huguenot said.</p>

      <p>“Wouldn’t it be rude to assume that based on their age gap alone? There’s no telling without Sir Amakawa’s confirmation.” Christina’s voice took on a cold tone.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, you are correct. My apologies.” Duke Huguenot bowed his head, realizing he had touched upon the taboo topic of a woman’s age.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, I will discuss this matter with Sir Amakawa, Professor Celia, and Roanna myself. There’s no guarantee any marriage will happen, so do not make any moves of your own judgment. Allow me to see it through to the end. If things get too complicated, we’ll end up incurring Sir Amakawa’s displeasure.” Christina casually took the matter of Rio’s reward into her own hands, omitting Duke Huguenot’s daughter from the candidates.</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot had no choice but to nod. And so, their discussion came to an end.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>That night, before their departure for Rodania the next morning, Christina invited Roanna to the living room of her quarters in the Galarc Castle. Flora was there as well, as they shared the same rooms.</p>

      <p>“Sorry to call you out so late at night,” Christina said from the sofa across from Roanna.</p>

      <p>“Not at all. It’s an honor to be invited. I’m so happy I’m able to speak to the two of you like this again,” Roanna said, bowing her head.</p>

      <p>“I’m also glad to be able to see my childhood friend again,” Christina replied with a soft smile.</p>

      <p>“Those words are wasted on me. I was unable to do anything despite being on board the same airship. I lived comfortably while the two of you went through such harsh times...” Roanna grimaced in pain, uttering her feelings of remorse.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need for you to feel guilty, Roanna,” Flora objected with a frown.</p>

      <p>“Yes, don’t be mistaken. There was nothing you could have done even if you had been there. In fact, it’s because you were there that Vanessa was saved after we were gone. Thank you so much for that,” Christina said.</p>

      <p>“No... I may have saved her life, but I was late in discovering her and slow to treat her, so she’s still unconscious. She was the same way when I left Rodania, and her life may be in danger if she doesn’t regain her consciousness soon...” Roanna replied regretfully.</p>

      <p>“As long as she’s alive, there’s hope. You did your best. That’s all that matters, and that’s more than enough.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, it’s exactly as my sister says.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much...” Roanna continued holding her head low.</p>

      <p>“There’s another reason why I’ve called you here. Let’s discuss that next, shall we?” Christina said, changing the topic.</p>

      <p>“Of course,” Roanna answered, nodding respectfully.</p>

      <p>“The situation is rather complicated, but what I’m about to discuss with you is based on my firm trust in your loyalty to the kingdom. I don’t know whether it will actually happen, and there are risks involved, so I’d like to make a decision after considering your freedom to choose what you want. Please listen with that in mind.”</p>

      <p>“What is this about...?” Roanna tilted her head curiously at Christina’s carefully worded lead-up.</p>

      <p>“The truth is, when I was discussing Sir Amakawa’s reward with Duke Huguenot, he recommended you as a potential candidate for marriage.”</p>

      <p>Roanna paused for a long moment before echoing Christina’s words in confusion. “M-Me... as Sir Amakawa’s fiancée, you say?”</p>

      <p>“Even if we can’t have him join the organization, we want to have a strong connection to Sir Amakawa—that was the reasoning behind this decision. However, if we were to offer a betrothal as a reward, we need to provide a noblewoman worthy of his achievements. As the eldest daughter of Duke Fontaine, one of the three noble powers of Beltrum, you satisfy that requirement,” Christina explained, slightly conflicted.</p>

      <p>“B-But I’m...”</p>

      <p>“Yes. While it hasn’t been made public, you’ve been attending to Sir Hiroaki as a potential marriage candidate. However, Sir Hiroaki is an extremely fickle person. While he agreed to the selection of a first wife, he expressed disapproval towards the ranking of his wives.”</p>

      <p>“Right...”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure you understand already, but the lack of a ranking order is rather problematic. I hear Sir Hiroaki clearly professed his disgust, but it may be possible to convince him of the harm it could cause with time... If he still refuses to use ranks, then there’s no way of knowing how much favor each wife will be granted. Even as the oldest daughter of Duke Fontaine, you would not be an exception,” Christina pointed out clearly.</p>

      <p>Roanna fell silent without expressing any denial.</p>

      <p>“We’ve yet to hold a discussion, but King Francois must be wanting to tie Sir Amakawa to his own country with an engagement to someone influential as well. So even if we offer you as a candidate, your rank would not be any higher than his candidate.”</p>

      <p>It was practically unheard of for the oldest daughter of a duke to marry lower than first wife to anyone other than a hero or king of a major nation. Haruto Amakawa was neither of those things. However, the fact Christina had brought up marriage with him in spite of that carried meaning to Roanna.</p>

      <p>“If I settle as Sir Amakawa’s second or third wife now, I could be better of than if I were one of Sir Hiroaki’s many wives in the future. Is that what you’re saying?”</p>

      <p>“Only because Sir Amakawa has the abilities, achievements, and position to seem appealing,” Christina confirmed, sighing with worry. “But if I’m honest, I do not wish to make Sir Amakawa’s reward a marriage talk with the Restoration,” Christina said truthfully.</p>

      <p>“Why would you think that...?”</p>

      <p>“I am only admitting this because it’s you, but I believe bringing up marriage to Sir Amakawa has a high possibility of being seen as a nuisance. If I absolutely had to offer a fiancée to him, the most realistic candidate I can think of is Professor Celia. I’m sorry, but I’ve recommended Professor Celia for this reason.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for informing me.” Roanna bowed her head deeply. The fact Christina was willing to keep her informed about things unfavorable to her was proof of their trust in each other.</p>

      <p>“There are several problems with offering you as a candidate to marry Sir Amakawa. The chance of him accepting is low, offering you may immediately incur Sir Hiroaki’s displeasure, and Professor Celia may be chosen as candidate instead. Even if Sir Amakawa were to accept, depending on how our discussions with the Galarc Kingdom go, you could be reduced to a lower ranked wife,” Christina said, listing some of the realistic issues at play.</p>

      <p>“However, as long as you strongly wish for it, I can discuss things with King Francois and have you recommended as a marriage candidate from the Restoration. This is also a chance for you to gain success as a noble. It’s only because it’s you that I’m leaving my decision up to your will,” she continued, seeking Roanna’s thoughts.</p>

      <p>“This is such a sudden discussion. I’m honestly quite unsure,” Roanna said frankly. The reason she hadn’t immediately refused was most likely because of her awareness as an unmarried noblewoman. With the exception of certain cases, divorce amongst nobles was deemed unacceptable in the Beltrum Kingdom. That was why marrying someone required the resolution to carry out the fate of a noble and devotion of one’s entire life to the partner. Thus, one’s life was decided by their marriage.</p>

      <p>On top of that, Roanna was currently in a very insecure position. As the top faction of the new kingdom, all the important figures of Duke Fontaine’s house—other than Roanna—were in the main Beltrum government. Anyone among them who found fault with Duke Arbor’s ways were placed under house arrest as rebels.</p>

      <p>Thanks to the deep trust the princesses had in her, Roanna was able to work her way up to her current position in the Restoration, but she had no backing from her house and limited funds from when she left them. The only thing she could use freely was her position as the eldest daughter of a duke house—in other words, her lineage. Since it was possible for the fate of the Fontaine house to end up in Roanna’s hands depending on the situation from here on, this was an important decision that could end up affecting her family as well.</p>

      <p>Roanna desperately racked her brains, calculating what she could do for the Restoration and her kingdom right now, as well as what she could do for the Fontaine house’s precarious situation back in the main government.</p>

      <p>“Since Sir Hiroaki has expressed his desire to marry Princess Rosalie as his first wife and distance himself from the Restoration, your hesitation is understandable. You don’t have to give me an immediate reply here, so you can decide after watching Sir Hiroaki’s actions from here onwards,” Christina said, postponing her decision.</p>

      <p>Honestly speaking, from Christina’s point of view, in his current state, Hiroaki was a powerful drug that was dangerous to take. His existence was certainly appealing, but since she didn’t want to take any action to force him to stay, she had to consider relinquishing him as a possibility.</p>

      <p>Roanna took a long, deep breath. “No... It is because we don’t know where Sir Hiroaki’s heart is right now that I should be the one to tie him to the Restoration.”</p>

      <p>“Can I leave that to you? It’s a huge role,” Christina asked, staring at Roanna.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Who else could fulfill this role in the Restoration other than me?” Roanna nodded with determination.</p>

      <p>“Right, my thoughts exactly.”</p>

      <p>“So please, leave it to me.”</p>

      <p>“All right. I’m so glad you’re here in the Restoration... I’ll leave Sir Hiroaki to you, Roanna, while Flora and I return to Rodania,” Christina said, smiling.</p>

      <p>“Understood. It is in my hands,” Roanna said, nodding gracefully.</p>

      <p><em>If Sir Hiroaki were to leave the Restoration, I’ll have to make sure this girl finds the best marriage partner possible.</em></p>

      <p>That was the duty Christina vowed to herself quietly.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>