<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 16</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Departure</h1>

      <p>After Rio and Celia finished giving the news to Christina, they finally left the fortress consulate.</p>

      <p>“By the way, Miharu and the others are invited to Galarc’s capital as well. I originally intended on going at night, but would you like to sneak away and visit them now? We now have more things to report to them too,” Rio suggested to Celia as soon as they were off the premises.</p>

      <p>“Sure, let’s go.” Celia nodded readily, and with Aishia, the three of them headed for the stone house in Rodania’s outskirts.</p>

      <p>Roughly one hour later, at nearly dusk, Rio, Celia, and Aishia arrived at the stone house. Everyone gathered in the living room, sitting in the order of Latifa, Rio, Aishia, and Celia on one side, with Miharu, Orphia, Sara, and Alma on the other side facing them.</p>

      <p>“Mmrgh.”</p>

      <p>Latifa however, was clinging tightly to Rio’s arm, puffing up her cheeks adorably. She had a proper reason for her anger as well.</p>

      <p>When they first arrived at the stone house, they had all greeted each other. Latifa had still been in a great mood at this point, rejoicing over her reunion with Rio.</p>

      <p>Afterwards came a report of the recent events. As they discussed everything that had happened after leaving the stone house up until this point, Latifa began puffing up her cheeks cutely. As Rio’s adopted little sister, she seemed to have mixed feelings about him getting close to unfamiliar princesses while she wasn’t around.</p>

      <p>However, that much would’ve merely resulted in some mild jealousy. What she couldn’t forgive was how Christina and Flora’s rapid approach to Rio after learning his identity resulted in them learning something Latifa hadn’t known yet.</p>

      <p>“Why didn’t you tell me about your mother and father?”</p>

      <p>Her anger was over Rio’s parents. After explaining that story, Rio had tried to explain how it was decided that Celia would be his assistant, but that was when Latifa attached herself to his arm and expressed her discontent.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>