<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>Chapter 5. Witch</title>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:864184fc-f260-4d5c-a272-d4e405a5ac31" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body epub:type="bodymatter">
<section aria-label="ch5e" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter">
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 192. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_192" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>Answering her call, a plume of magic-infused light, too enormous to simply call a ray, slammed hard into Mushiki.</p>
<p class="TX">It was a devastating attack, the Witch of Resplendent Color’s magic all focused into one shot. If it had hit any ordinary person, it wouldn’t have left so much as bone remaining.</p>
<p class="TX">Indeed, if not for his fourth substantiation, the deadly blow would have ended not only his own life but would have devastated the surrounding landscape far into the distance.</p>
<p class="TX">And yet—</p>
<p class="TX">“…?!”</p>
<p class="TX">The next moment, Future Saika recoiled in alarm.</p>
<p class="TX">The light filling her field of vision split open—and Mushiki was closing in on her.</p>
<p class="TX">“Impossible…”</p>
<p class="TX">In his right hand, he held a transparent sword, and above his head hovered two new crests, rippling like the surface of a lake.</p>
<p class="TX">Both of those crests seemed to be comprised of horn- or thorn-like pieces.</p>
<p class="TX">As the two overlapped, the impression they gave was that of a royal crown.</p>
<p class="TX">“…”</p>
<p class="TX">There was no sound, and nothing vocalized.</p>
<p class="TX">Mushiki’s sword plunged deep into her chest.</p>
<p class="TX">A magical barrier shielded her body, as did the dress created by her third substantiation.</p>
<p class="TX">Yet the blade passed through both without any resistance.</p>
<p class="TX">“Ah…” A faint gasp escaped her lips.</p>
<p class="TX">There was no pain. Not even a drop of blood flowed down her chest.</p>
<p class="TX">Instead, the staff in her hand, the dress covering her body, and the crests radiating above her head shattered like broken pieces of glasswork.</p>
<p class="TX">In a haze of sparkling light, her substantiations faded into the air around her.</p>
<p class="TX">“…”</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 193. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_193" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>Taking in this fantastic scene, she was struck by a mysterious sensation.</p>
<p class="TX">It wasn’t quite humiliation, nor regret, nor despair at having failed to save the world.</p>
<p class="TX">It was the essence of her magic, the power to manipulate fate and draw forth a desired future.</p>
<p class="TX">So long as her fourth substantiation had been activated, none could escape its intrinsic laws.</p>
<p class="TX">That being the case, was this outcome the end result…?</p>
<p class="TX">“…Ha.” She gave a weak laugh.</p>
<p class="LI_SB_2">&#160;&#160;</p>
<p class="TX1">“…”</p>
<p class="TX">Below a sky dyed a myriad of colors, Mushiki, having wielded his blade half in a daze, somehow managed to calm his breathing and keep his consciousness from flickering out.</p>
<p class="TX">He couldn’t afford to slip into darkness here, not now. Or to let his life force slip away.</p>
<p class="TX">This was the first time he had ever used his own innate magic, and his body had let out a tremendous wail of anguish in response. But through that, he had managed to keep his eyes open by focusing on one thing—his feelings for Saika.</p>
<p class="TX">So it wasn’t until he felt something soft stroking his head that he realized where he was.</p>
<p class="TX">“Huh…?”</p>
<p class="TX">Saika was patting his head.</p>
<p class="TX">His mind finally processing the present scene, he looked up.</p>
<p class="TX">Before him was Saika in the flesh, surrounded by light and smiling fondly at him.</p>
<p class="TX">“So you aren’t just a bigmouth. You won’t let the other me choose the same path I did, will you?”</p>
<p class="TX">As she spoke, cracks began to emanate through the sky around her, spreading out in all directions as the space surrounding them crumbled.</p>
<p class="TX"><span aria-label=" Page 194. " epub:type="pagebreak" id="pg_194" role="doc-pagebreak"></span>“Saika…” Mushiki tried calling out her name, but his voice failed him.</p>
<p class="TX">His awareness, having long passed its limits, was already sinking into the darkness.</p>
<p class="TX">The only sound to reach his ears was Saika’s voice. “Look after the other me, Mushiki.”</p>
</section>
</body>
</html>