<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 3</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix001">
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix001">AFTERWORD</a></h1>
<p class="noindent"><a id="page-171"/>Thank you for your patience, kind readers! My name is Yu Shimizu. This is Volume 3 of <em>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</em>, a school sword fantasy starring the now-ten-year-old Dark Lord Leonis and the older girls who help him!</p>
<p>This time, the stage was Riselia’s birthplace, the Third Assault Garden. It was invaded and overrun by Voids six years ago. Leonis and the girls were dispatched to investigate the ruined city, and they wound up finding all sorts of mysterious things!</p>
<p>This time, the enemy finally starts to reveal itself, but there’s still quite a bit of foreshadowing peppered throughout the story. I was constantly checking my notes all throughout writing this volume. It was a little challenging, but I think it made for a really packed narrative.</p>
<p>Much to my pleasant surprise, this series continues to sell at a breakneck pace, and we’ve reached a total of over one hundred thousand copies sold!</p>
<p>Volume 4 will add the slightly tsundere elf girl Arle, introduced in this book, to the main cast. Things only get more exciting from here, so I hope you’ll look forward to it! Shary, Fluffymaru the <a id="page-172"/>Black (aka Blackas), Leonis’s third sealed minion, and even other Dark Lords are set to appear. Expect the plot to feature more elements from Leonis’s past!</p>
<p>In addition, <em>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</em> now has a serialized manga adaptation in <em>Monthly Shounen Ace</em> magazine, drawn by Asuka Keigen! Leonis and Riselia are quite expressive, and the combat scenes are all exciting! Do check it out.</p>
<p>A special promotional video and mini voice drama are also being produced for the series. The super-popular voice actress Nao Toyoma is playing both Riselia and Leonis! Can you believe it? Personally, I’m really looking forward to it. Nao Toyoma performs Riselia’s voice exactly as I imagined it!</p>
<p class="space-break1">Lastly, some thanks.</p>
<p>To Asagi Tosaka, for providing the gorgeous cover art and insert illustrations for this volume despite the tight schedule, thank you so much! I have the pinup you drew of Riselia up on my wall, and she’s so beautiful that I can spend minutes just looking at her.</p>
<p>To the editors, designers, and proofreaders, my sincerest gratitude for all your help with this volume. It’s because of you that we were able to release this book to the world!</p>
<p>However, my most heartfelt thanks are for you all, the readers who picked up this book! I’ll do my best to see this become an even more spectacular series. I hope you’ll continue to support my works. Your thoughts on the series are a great source of encouragement for me, so do send them my way!</p>
<p>The next volume will take us back to Excalibur Academy. I hope you’re looking forward to it.</p>
<p class="right"><strong><em>—Yu Shimizu, December 2019</em></strong></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>