<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 4</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:b3bde0e8-705b-45c3-bb4c-d39d0d396013" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix001">
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix001">AFTERWORD</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Sorry for the wait on this volume, everyone! This is Yu Shimizu.</p>
<p>The members of the eighteenth platoon prepare for the school festival, our resident assassin maid endeavors to make sweets, one doubtful elven hero ends up being recruited into a terrorist group… And most importantly, a particular object is brought to the Sixth Assault Garden! I hope you find out where all those threads lead and enjoy the story!</p>
<p>Now, for some thanks.</p>
<p>To Asagi Tosaka, for drawing a lovely cover and insert illustrations for this book. Thank you so much! The haunted café’s outfits were simply divine.</p>
<p>I’d also like to express my gratitude to Asuka Keigen, for drawing the manga adaptation in <em>Monthly Shounen Ace</em>. Congratulations on the release of the first volume! Both the cool battles and the slightly pervy scenes were so high quality. If anyone’s interested, I suggest you pick it up!</p>
<p>As I mentioned in Volume 3, we produced a voice drama (yay!). Mutsumi Tamura voiced Leonis, Nao Toyama voiced Riselia, and Saori Onishi voiced Regina! We had quite the incredible cast come together for this. I hope you all enjoy it.</p>
<p>I’ll see you again in the next volume!</p>
<p class="right"><strong><em>—Yu Shimizu, April 2020</em></strong></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>