<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 4</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:b3bde0e8-705b-45c3-bb4c-d39d0d396013" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter015">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter015">CHAPTER 5</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter015">THE SIXTH ASSAULT GARDEN</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Loud cheering erupted from the match grounds. This was when the Holy Sword Dance Festival was at its most exciting. During the morning, the café had been full of customers, but now traffic had died down. Leonis and Riselia were likely already at the Sixth Assault Garden by now.</p>
<p>Elfiné was wiping off one of the tables when her terminal started ringing.</p>
<p>“…What’s this?” she said, looking down at the device.</p>
<p>“What’s the matter?” Regina inquired as she washed the dishes.</p>
<p>“I got a summons from the administration bureau,” Elfiné replied.</p>
<p>“A summons…? Wait, you don’t think the Voids appeared, do you?!” Regina asked, her hands stopping.</p>
<p>“Voids?!” Sakuya, who was putting away the knives and forks, reacted immediately.</p>
<p>Elfiné shook her head. “No, it’s not an emergency call. It must be something else.”</p>
<p>The administration bureau often turned to Holy Swordsmen with powers focused on data analysis, like Elfiné, for help. Holy Swords with such abilities were rare, so regulations stated that they worked under the administration bureau while they served in their assigned platoons.</p>
<p>“Do you mind if I step out for a bit?” Elfiné said apologetically.</p>
<p>“The two of us can handle things just fine; we’ve got free time right now,” Regina answered.</p>
<p>“Thanks. I’ll be right back, then.”</p>
<p>Still, she couldn’t very well go into an office setting dressed as she was. Since the call wasn’t urgent, Elfiné thought she had time to change. <em>Why would they call me in on the day of the Holy Light Festival, though?</em> the young woman wondered as she entered the dressing room.</p>
<p>Doffing her witch’s hat, she brushed her fingers through her hair. Maybe some child had gotten lost, and she’d been called in to look for them? Elfiné had been asked to help with such predicaments before.</p>
<p><em>Or maybe they found out I’ve been hacking into the Astral Garden?</em></p>
<p>Elfiné had used the information management room’s terminals to infiltrate the capital’s information network more than once. Of course, the young woman was confident she hadn’t left behind any evidence, but if her actions were discovered, she’d get much more than a slap on the wrist.</p>
<p><em>No, that can’t be. I used the Eye of the Witch to cloak myself…</em></p>
<p>She took off her boots and undid her costume’s strings along the back. This exposed the mature black brassiere covering her breasts, the dainty curvature of her waist, and her smooth skin, as white as the virgin snow.</p>
<p><em>I think I’ve gained a little weight. I’ll have to cut back on the sweets</em>, Elfiné thought, pinching what little flesh she had on her flat stomach, when…</p>
<p>“Oh, Finé, so you’re old enough now to start caring about those things?”</p>
<p>“…Whoaaaa!” Feeling a gentle caress slither down her back, Elfiné let out a cry of surprise.</p>
<p>“Heh-heh-heh, did I startle you?” someone whispered in her ear. The person snaked their arms from her back to her stomach, pinching and poking. “Hmm. I don’t think you have anything to worry about with this little meat on you,” they remarked.</p>
<p>“…Nnn, C-Clauvia… What are you doing here?!”</p>
<p>Elfiné wheeled around, glaring into the woman’s eyes. She was in her late twenties, clad in a white coat. She had graceful, refined facial features, like one of the capital’s famous actresses, with beautiful ebony hair, as if the very darkness of night had been dissolved into her locks.</p>
<p>This was the high-ranking research officer Clauvia Phillet.</p>
<p>Elfiné’s elder sister regarded her with a mischievous glance. “Don’t make scary faces at me, okay? It’ll spoil your pretty face.”</p>
<p>“Grr. How did you get in here?” Elfiné scowled at her sibling.</p>
<p>“I’ve been here for a while. I was one of the café’s customers.”</p>
<p>“…Huh?”</p>
<p>Clauvia shrugged. “You’re aware of my Holy Sword’s power, and yet you were clueless the whole time, Finé.”</p>
<p><em>The ability to befuddle other people’s perceptions</em>, Elfiné recalled.</p>
<p>In other words, the Holy Sword enabled Clauvia to remove herself from others’ consciousness. By the army’s estimate, such a power was only at D rank. It wasn’t a great Holy Sword for engaging with Voids directly, so Clauvia had become a researcher.</p>
<p>“That witch costume from earlier? Absolutely adorable,” Clauvia said mischievously.</p>
<p>“…What do you want?” Elfiné asked with unamused eyes.</p>
<p>“Why, to see my cute little sister, of cou—”</p>
<p>“Stop lying,” Elfiné cut her off.</p>
<p>“Huh?!” Clauvia responded with an expression of shock.</p>
<p>The reaction was too exaggerated to be genuine.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>