<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:8afb22be-e392-4684-b74c-823db40d9c5b" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter029">
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter029">EPILOGUE</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">The young woman’s black hair fluttered in the wind, the ebony locks vanishing as they blended with the dark, starry sky.</p>
<p>“So? How does it feel to have gained an undead body?”</p>
<p>From her seat before the temple’s altar, she offered a hand out to the boy who had just risen from death. The boy who, just a few months ago, had been called a hero.</p>
<p>“It doesn’t quite seem real yet, I suppose.” The boy shook his head and gazed at his hand.</p>
<p>“Yes, I imagine it’d feel that way at first,” she remarked.</p>
<p>“So I’m a Dark Lord now…,” the boy said, cracking an ironic smile that didn’t fit his young age.</p>
<p>He’d defeated the Dark Lords of the old world and became a hero of humanity, but the very kingdom he’d protected betrayed him. They took everything from the boy, even killing him.</p>
<p>It was then that he met her, the Goddess of Rebellion, Roselia Ishtaris.</p>
<p>“Yes, a Dark Lord. You are now an enemy to this world,” Roselia stated, patting his head affectionately. “But remember this, no matter what or when, <em>I am always by your side</em>, Leo.”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>