<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="urn:uuid:8afb22be-e392-4684-b74c-823db40d9c5b" name="Adept.expected.resource"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter005">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter005">CHAPTER 2</a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter005">THE GODDESS’S VOICE</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">The Central Garden was the core of the Seventh Assault Garden, the heart of this massive artificial island city. It was also where Excalibur Academy was situated. Many leisure facilities had been established throughout the area to meet the needs of the students who spent their days in arduous training. Large integrated commercial centers had been erected. Stadiums and various sports halls also dotted the district. Game centers, boutiques, clothing stores, eateries…</p>
<p>There were similar establishments on Excalibur Academy’s campus, too, but many students preferred to spend their time in the Central Garden instead. In contrast to the recent storm, the azure sky was cloudless today.</p>
<p>Among the students who crowded the streets, the very cause of the recent squall was walking about, poised and confident. Her beautiful crimson hair trailed after her as she strode along, prompting stares from the passersby.</p>
<p>“Hmm. So this is what the humans’ citadel cities look like nowadays? Things certainly have changed.”</p>
<p>Veira peered left and right at the high-rise buildings with a chocolate-mint ice cream in one hand. She wore a pair of short denim pants and a white camisole. Leonis had bought this outfit for her from one of the nearby clothing stores.</p>
<p>It hadn’t been long since Leonis entered Excalibur Academy, so he didn’t have many credits to his name. That had made the purchase a rather painful one. Still, he couldn’t have Veira gallivanting about town in her half-naked getup.</p>
<p>Leonis sidled up to her and whispered into her ear, “Aren’t you going to hide your horns?”</p>
<p>“What? No. A dragon’s horns are her pride. If anything, I kind of want to make them longer…” The Dragon Lord punctuated this by cheerfully taking a lick of her ice cream.</p>
<p>Leonis reminded himself that demi-humans lived on the island, so Veira didn’t necessarily stand out… And at worst, he could claim the horns were some kind of fashion statement.</p>
<p>Veira cast her gaze down the street and cocked her head inquisitively. “What’s that doing there?” she asked.</p>
<p>The buildings ahead of them were bordered off with warning tape, and behind the blockade, a large vehicle was towing away a mountain of rubble.</p>
<p>“The storm you caused yesterday destroyed a few of the buildings,” Leonis replied dryly.</p>
<p>“Really? They’re more fragile than they look.”</p>
<p>“I don’t think many buildings exist that could withstand the Dragon Lord’s whirlwinds.”</p>
<p>“I suppose that’s true.”</p>
<p>Leonis glared at Veira, who didn’t seem the slightest bit apologetic. Thankfully, the Seventh Assault Garden had been swiftly alerted to the situation and had promptly entered first combat form. It moved most of the buildings underground and out of harm’s way, so many structures were unharmed. The Sixth Assault Garden, which was currently docked with the Seventh, took the brunt of the damage.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>