<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Thank you very much for picking up <em>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Vol. 1</em>.</p>

      <p>I’d like to start off by diving right in and telling you how this book came to be.</p>

      <p>For as long as I can remember, I’ve only had one virtue: an imagination twice as overactive as most people’s. Initially, I tried to channel it into becoming a manga artist...but as it turns out, I have zero dedication. I mean really, truly zero. Some might even say I give up at the drop of a hat... In any case, it soon became clear that I was never going to cut it in the manga business.</p>

      <p>For years I dragged my feet fruitlessly through life, until I had a fateful encounter one day at a certain bookstore. Yes, dear reader, I came face-to-face with that brand of teen fiction called the light novel. Immediately I got excited. “All this time, there was another way!” I thought. “I can weave a world of my own with words!” But right out of the gate, I was getting ahead of myself. I had no natural way with words. Writing even a hundred characters seemed impossible for me. I searched the internet in the hopes of finding some convenient way of improving both my typing speed and my writing, and that was how I stumbled across the “Shosetsuka ni Narou” website we all know and love. Despite my amateur prose, my uploads received a humbling amount of support, which led to S-san, my now editor, reaching out to me, and eventually to my material making it to print.</p>

      <p>Honestly, I’m a little scared by how well things have worked out. I spend every day in anticipation, waiting for the other shoe to drop. Even as I’m writing this right now, I’m still praying that there is no other shoe.</p>

      <p>There isn’t, right? C’mon, God, throw me a bone here!</p>

      <p>Ah yes, God. And what are gods but the stuff of myth? Our world is littered with myths of all shapes and sizes, many of which have had a great influence on this work. Indeed, it was the desire to write a myth of my own that ultimately evolved into this story. It’s the product of pure self-indulgence, all chuunibyou and no brakes, but I hope it resonates with the chuunibyou in your soul. The average age of our demographic seems to increase year by year, so I’d like to flatter myself that it did.</p>

      <p>Before I finish, I have many people to thank. To my editor, S-sama, who has worked tirelessly to put this story in print; to Miyuki Ruria-sama, who transformed the amateur idea vomit of my descriptions and clothing concepts into such beautiful covers and insert art; to everybody who followed my work on Shousetsuka ni Narou; to you, the reader, who picked up this book; to everybody in the editorial department, the proofreaders, and the designers; to my coworkers and their tolerance for my selfish requests; to my family, who have supported me from the beginning; to my grandmother: from the bottom of my heart, thank you. Without you, this novel would never have been a reality.</p>

      <p>I’m not taking my foot off the chuuni pedal any time soon. I hope you’ll stick around.</p>

      <p class="signature">奉 (Tatematsuri)</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>