<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>The Markets of the Mark</h2>

      <p>In the southern quarter of Linkus, the largest city in the Gurinda Mark, the markets were bustling.</p>

      <p>“Wow...” Liz looked around, awed. “I thought I’d never see anywhere busier than the boulevarde in the capital, but this place could give it a run for its money!”</p>

      <p>Liz’s excitement was endearing, but Hiro couldn’t help but notice that her beauty was starting to attract stares.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure?” he asked with a shrug. “The capital must be pretty packed.”</p>

      <p>Hiro had never been to the capital himself, but he knew it by reputation. It was the most prosperous city in Soleil, they said—no less than one would expect from the Grantzian Empire’s seat of power. Its packed markets surely eclipsed anything some border town could offer.</p>

      <p>“Well, maybe the capital’s a <em>little</em> bigger,” Liz admitted. “But Linkus is just as lively.”</p>

      <p>“I guess that means the margrave is doing a good job keeping the peace.”</p>

      <p>“But of course!” Liz nodded proudly. “Uncle always puts his people first.”</p>

      <p>They strolled through the stalls for a while, trading conversation back and forth. Eventually, Hiro came to a stop.</p>

      <p>“So, what are we doing here?” he asked.</p>

      <p>A few paces ahead, Liz swung around to pout at him. “Don’t be a spoilsport. Do we really need a reason to have fun?”</p>

      <p>He raised his hands defensively. “Hey, I never said that.”</p>

      <p>“Good.” Liz held out her arm. “Now give me your hand.”</p>

      <p>Where did that come from? Hiro’s brows furrowed in confusion. “Now just wait a...”</p>

      <p>Liz looked down at her hand for a moment, wiped it on her shirt, then offered it to him once more. “There. How about now?”</p>

      <p>“No, I... Oh, fine.” Hiro gave in and took it. A soft warmth spread across his palm.</p>

      <p>Liz giggled. “Right, then. Let’s take a look around!”</p>

      <p>She set out, pulling Hiro along behind her. Together, they spent the day window-shopping at the market stalls, marveling at the wares on display, exchanging words and grins with the shopkeepers. At midday, they took a break to sample the local cuisine, and as the evening set in, they retired to a nearby grassy sward to rest their feet. Beyond the skyline, the sun sank below the horizon. They watched it wordlessly for a time until Liz grew tired of the silence.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while since we’ve had some peace and quiet,” she said.</p>

      <p>“Tell me about it.”</p>

      <p>Hiro turned to look at her. In profile, the sunset set her crimson hair ablaze with vivid hues. She really was beautiful, this girl. At the very least, in all the time before he had come to this world, he’d never known anyone prettier, and he’d had her to himself all day. He couldn’t help but feel a little pleased with himself, in a way that he certainly never could have done in his old world.</p>

      <p>Yet in the wake of that thought came another: how long could this last? One day, he would have to return home. What would they be to each other when that day came? Would they still share the same carefree friendship they did now—or, somewhere along the way, might things take a different turn?</p>

      <p>“Hey, Hiro! Look at this!” Liz’s voice interrupted his thoughts. He turned to find her with her hand outstretched. She giggled. “Isn’t it lovely?” A bright red flower rested in her alabaster palm.</p>

      <p>“Sure is,” he said. “I’ve never seen one before. What kind of plant is it?”</p>

      <p>“How rude! It’s not just a <em>plant</em>, it’s a <em>wildflower</em>!”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, sorry. A wildflower. It’s very pretty.”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t it just? Here.” She proffered it to him.</p>

      <p>He took it and put it behind his ear. “Um...how do I look?”</p>

      <p>“No, silly! You’re supposed to put it on me!”</p>

      <p>“Oh! Right! Sorry!” Flustered, he took the flower out from behind his ear and slipped it into Liz’s hair.</p>

      <p>A smile blossomed on her face. “So? How do <em>I</em> look?</p>

      <p><em>Nobody in the world could wear it better</em>—is what he would have said if he’d had the nerve. As it was, he could only nod. She smiled happily regardless.</p>

      <p>“Why, thank you. If only it could stay beautiful forever...”</p>

      <p>Hiro nodded in agreement, but a part of him couldn’t help but feel otherwise. Time was precious because it was finite. It was only because their days were limited that human beings strove to make the most of what they had.</p>

      <p>Eventually, he would forget this moment, but then, all things were forgotten in the end. That was the way of the world, and he saw no reason to lament it. After all, though this day would someday fade from his memory, the truth of its happening would never change.</p>

      <h2>Lævateinn’s Blessing</h2>

      <p>Hiro stepped out of his tent and into the morning chill. It was his third morning in the mountains. Scree covered the ground, a carpet of rocks of all sizes from tiny pebbles to great chunks. He set out up the trail, breathing white fog into the frigid air.</p>

      <p>A yawn escaped him as he walked. He had slept poorly every night since entering the mountains. The cause last night had been the same as the night before and the night before that.</p>

      <p>He glanced back at the tent from which he had just emerged. It stood far larger than those around it—not surprising, seeing as it belonged to the sixth princess.</p>

      <p>One of the sentries called out to him as he passed. “Sleep well?” The man spat. “Bah, what am I saying? ’Course you didn’t.”</p>

      <p>“You can say that again,” Hiro replied, wondering if he was imagining the edge to the man’s voice. “I hardly slept a wink.”</p>

      <p>“You little—” Anger flashed in the sentry’s eyes. He seemed to be inches away from seizing Hiro by the lapels. “No, don’t let him get to you. Calm thoughts. Calm thoughts.”</p>

      <p>Alarmed, Hiro decided to make a break for it. A cry came after him—“Oy! I’m not done with you!”—but he didn’t look back, plunging straight into the forest. He kept running for quite some time before he slowed to a stop.</p>

      <p>“I doubt he’ll follow me this far,” he said to himself.</p>

      <p>At that moment, his ears picked up the faint gurgling of water. Perhaps there was a spring nearby, or a waterfall? His curiosity piqued, he set out to find the source.</p>

      <p>The trees thinned as he progressed. The morning sunlight filtering through the branches above grew stronger as the canopy became sparser, dispelling the night’s clinging vestiges. Eventually, Hiro emerged from the foliage to find himself standing before a small spring.</p>

      <p>“Whoa...” he breathed.</p>

      <p>Birdsong trickled down from the branches overhead. The trees rustled as they swayed in the breeze. Wildflowers framed the spring in an array of vibrant colors as he approached.</p>

      <p>“This must be my lucky day. I could do with a wash.”</p>

      <p>If only he’d brought a bucket, but no such luck. He made a mental note to tell the rest of the camp once he got back. The road ahead would be that much easier with a chance to stock up on fresh water.</p>

      <p>He plunged his hands into the spring and leaned his face close to the surface. The icy water seemed to sap the warmth from his fingers. He winced at the cold but did his best to ignore the pain. As he scooped up a handful, the center of the spring suddenly erupted with a tremendous splash.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Hiro watched, dumbfounded, as something shattered the surface—a mermaid, he thought for a second, before he recognized the figure as the sixth princess.</p>

      <p>“Ahh, that was wonderful!” Liz sighed contentedly.</p>

      <p>Hiro had felt the water for himself, and it was far too cold for her to be so nonchalant about it. That was odd, though not half as odd as the fact that she was stark naked.</p>

      <p>“What do you think you’re playing at?” he exclaimed.</p>

      <p>Liz saw him and beamed. “Oh, Hiro! I didn’t realize you were up!”</p>

      <p>Where were her clothes? Wasn’t she cold? Shouldn’t she be more embarrassed about being seen in the nude? Hiro didn’t know where to start.</p>

      <p>“Can I ask something?” he ventured.</p>

      <p>“Ask away!”</p>

      <p>“Aren’t you cold?”</p>

      <p>The question of her nakedness could wait, he decided.</p>

      <p>Liz grinned. “Not a problem. You can thank Lævateinn’s blessing for that.”</p>

      <p>She heaved herself from the pool and sat down on the grass beside him. Hiro found himself screwing his eyes closed. He’d already seen everything there was to see, but even so, he didn’t want to stare.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong? Still sleepy?” Liz’s chilly palm touched his cheek. Her fingers gently traced his eyelids.</p>

      <p>Hiro’s heart felt ready to explode in his chest. He couldn’t trust himself not to lose control if he opened his eyes. Summoning every last ounce of restraint in his body, he shook his head.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure? Then why do you have your eyes closed?”</p>

      <p>Liz’s warm breath tickled his ear, but he couldn’t possibly give her an answer. Realizing that he was bound for disaster, he did the only thing he could think of to cool himself—or at least, one particular part of himself—down: he snapped his eyes open and, taking care not to look at Liz, flung himself into the icy pool.</p>

      <p>“Hiro?! Are you crazy?!”</p>

      <p>Liz cried out in astonishment as he floated feebly back to the surface, his teeth chattering.</p>

      <h2>The Archpriestess, the Princess, and the Boy</h2>

      <p>Within the depths of Frieden was a dining hall separate from the one open to the laity; a dining hall forbidden to all but the knight-priestesses of the temple complex. The archpriestess took her meals there while the apprentice priestesses waited on their seniors as serving staff. It was, in a sense, a training ground, and it was there that the morning found Hiro and Liz eating breakfast.</p>

      <p>Liz, as usual, was trying to feed Hiro from her plate. “Go on, try a bite!” she said, brandishing a chunk of meat covered in a sweet sauce. “It’s delicious!”</p>

      <p>Hiro shook his head. “I don’t need to. I’ve already got plenty.”</p>

      <p>He had exactly as much as Liz, in fact. Their plates were identical. They had no need to share, but that didn’t seem to make her any less insistent.</p>

      <p>“Oh, stop complaining and take it. Nobody likes a picky eater.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I’m—”</p>

      <p>Whatever Hiro was going to say was stifled by an opportunely thrust chunk of meat. With choking being the alternative, he chewed and swallowed. It <em>was</em> good, he had to admit. The savory juices of the meat and the sweetness of the sauce mingled delightfully in his mouth.</p>

      <p>Liz peered into his eyes from uncomfortably close range. “See? Isn’t it tasty?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, but I’ve still got my own.”</p>

      <p>“That’s for you to feed me. Here!” Liz opened her mouth expectantly. Hiro’s hands started to do as they were told before his brain caught up. At that moment, a slender hand plucked his fork from his grasp and slipped the chunk of meat into Liz’s mouth. Hiro spun around to see a beautiful woman standing demurely beside them.</p>

      <p>“Your Grace?”</p>

      <p>The archpriestess inclined her head imperceptibly. “I feared that your food might get cold.” She wore her customary smile, but there was a tightness around her mouth that Hiro did not think was entirely his imagination.</p>

      <p>Liz stood up, glaring stared daggers at the álven woman. “Hiro has to do it, or there’s no point. Is that a problem?”</p>

      <p>The archpriestess seemed to glide silently across the floor as she drew closer. “You must remember, only women are permitted to serve in the sacred residence of the Spirit King. I worry that the sight of you cavorting may have an adverse influence on our priestesses.”</p>

      <p>Hiro looked around to find a dining hall full of women staring at them, red-faced. Even the servers—apprentice priestesses, he assumed—looked scandalized.</p>

      <p>Liz must have noticed too, because her expression quickly turned apologetic. “Of course. Sorry,” she said, scratching her cheek awkwardly. She gave in quickly, Hiro noticed. She was evidently conscious of the debt she owed the archpriestess.</p>

      <p>Virtually all of the priestesses in Frieden had entered into service as young children and had thus led sheltered lives. Many of the apprentices didn’t even know of the existence of another sex. Their quarters were normally forbidden to men entirely, although Hiro had been invited that morning for reasons he couldn’t quite fathom. In that sense, it was unsurprising that he was attracting stares.</p>

      <p>“Please, do not allow me to interrupt your meal,” the archpriestess said. The tall álf seated herself next to Hiro, while Liz returned to her chair on his other side. Sandwiched between the two of them, Hiro began to squirm.</p>

      <p>The archpriestess took Hiro’s fork in her slender fingers. “This is perhaps the finest dish our kitchens serve. Would you care for a bite?”</p>

      <p>Hiro sighed weakly. Why was the archpriestess, of all people, joining in with this nonsense?</p>

      <p>Unsurprisingly, Liz did not take the challenge lying down. “Oh, so it’s fine for <em>you</em> to feed him, is it?!”</p>

      <p>“But of course. The archpriestess of Frieden must attend to the needs of her guests.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, really? Won’t you set a bad example for your priestesses?”</p>

      <p>“Not at all. For some unknown stranger to feed Lord Hiro from her plate would be scandalous, but all recognize my doing so as an act of hospitality.”</p>

      <p>For a moment, Liz frowned in confusion—unsurprisingly, as the argument made no sense—but she soon snapped back. “I am the sixth princess of the Grantzian Empire, not some vagrant!”</p>

      <p>That was her problem? Hiro sighed. He couldn’t help but note that he had hardly eaten a proper meal since arriving in this world. Apparently, the jury was still out on whether he would ever again know what satiety felt like.</p>

      <p>“Surely nobody would think an imperial princess was up to anything untoward,” Liz said over his head.</p>

      <p>“Your title is of no relevance.” the archpriestess replied. “Here in the Spirit King’s sanctum, my authority supersedes that of common folk, nobility, and royalty alike.”</p>

      <p>“That’s ridiculous!”</p>

      <p>“I assure you, it is the truth.”</p>

      <p>From the sound of it, a full stomach wasn’t on the horizon anytime soon.</p>

      <h2>Memories of a Knight</h2>

      <p>“Old bugger hits like a horse,” Dios groused, rubbing his cheek. He plunged his towel into the spring and soaked it through with water. His own face stared up at him with ill-tempered eyes. He offered the reflection a crooked grin. Leather armor lay on his chest, looking fresh from the tanner. A spear rested at his side, its tip glinting as it caught the sunlight. Together, they constituted standard issue equipment for a new recruit in the imperial army.</p>

      <p>“What am I doing here, anyway?” he muttered.</p>

      <p>Until a few days ago, he had been one of many urchins prowling the back alleys. Fighting and stealing had been the order of the day. It had been a robbery like any other that had changed it all—an ill-advised attempt to steal food from a musclebound old man named Tris. Looking back on it now, he could only assume that hunger had driven him half-mad or he would have picked an easier target. The old soldier had beaten him half to death and then, upon learning how he lived, forced him to join the imperial army.</p>

      <p>Dios pressed the cool towel to his swollen cheek and scowled. “Ought to be going.”</p>

      <p>Tris would be angry if he took too long. Not that it was the old man’s anger he feared; it was his fists.</p>

      <p>As he trudged towards the training ground, a young girl caught his eye. She stood with her head bowed, holding a wooden training sword, and seemed to be crying. At first he thought better of getting involved, but his feet carried him towards her regardless. He couldn’t ignore somebody in need.</p>

      <p>“What are you doing here, eh?” he asked, sighing internally at himself.</p>

      <p>The girl looked up with a surprised noise. Dios’s brow furrowed as he saw her face. He knew her from somewhere, of that he was certain... Ah, yes, of course. She had been part of the emperor’s train on his visit several days prior. What business did a princess of the empire have here? He ought to ask her.</p>

      <p>“I said, what’s a brat like you doing here?”</p>

      <p>The girl pursed her lips. “Watching the ants.”</p>

      <p>“That so?”</p>

      <p>Silence fell between them once more. So, she had not been crying, simply staring at the ground. He was still none the wiser as to why she was there. As he wondered what to do, the girl spoke again.</p>

      <p>“You look very old. Are you a soldier?”</p>

      <p>“Wha—?!” Dios spluttered. Certainly, he looked older than his years, but this girl seemed to think he was as old as Tris. He dragged an exasperated hand across his face. “Yes, I’m a soldier. A <em>new</em> soldier.” He took care to emphasize the second part.</p>

      <p>“Really?!” The princess stood bolt upright, her eyes sparkling. He had gotten her attention, and he had a feeling it was not because of his age.</p>

      <p>“Really.”</p>

      <p>“Can you teach me how to fight?” She raised her wooden sword. A fierce determination burned in her eyes.</p>

      <p>Dios’s first thought was to refuse, but he could hardly turn down a princess of the empire. If Tris heard of it, he would be nursing the bruises for weeks.</p>

      <p>“I’m a hard taskmaster,” he warned her.</p>

      <p>“Good!”</p>

      <p>He assumed that she would soon grow bored or else give up after the training grew too demanding. To his surprise, however, she returned the next day, and the day after that. Their arrangement did not last long; when Tris found out about it, he beat Dios to within an inch of his life. Yet that was not the end of their lessons. From then on, Dios and Tris trained the princess together.</p>

      <p>The years passed, the seasons turned, and the sixth princess was blessed with Lævateinn’s favor. The emperor duly granted her the rank of major general. For a time, her star was on the rise, but everything came undone when her political rivals joined forces against her. Dios wept bitter tears then, knowing that he was powerless to stop her ongoing tragedy. He could lend her his shoulder, but he could not walk by her side.</p>

      <p>After the news came of her reassignment, she took to sneaking away to the forest where she could take refuge from her woes. On the eve of her departure, she returned with a strange black-haired boy at her side, and her long-lost smile finally returned to her face. The boy offered to join her on her journey. Dios respected that. The boy had guts. Well, that or he was a fool.</p>

      <p>“Listen well, boy.”</p>

      <p>“M-Me?”</p>

      <p>“We will meet again at Berg Fortress. Until then, take care.”</p>

      <p>“Of course. You too!”</p>

      <p>“Hmph. I’m not the one you should be worried about. Besides, you’ll have your work cut out for you once you reach the fortress.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean by that?”</p>

      <p>“I mean I’m going to train you up into a real soldier.”</p>

      <p>He would say no goodbyes this day. This would not be farewell.</p>

      <p>“Take care of her for me, eh?”</p>

      <p>With that, Dios hefted his spear and turned away.</p>

      <h2>Aura in the Baths</h2>

      <p>This day found Hiro relaxing in the natural hot spring on the bottommost floor of Berg Fortress. In fact, many days did. The pleasure of the warm water was nothing short of addictive; he would have stayed submerged forever if he could have. Before coming to this world, he had never failed to bathe three times a day: morning, noon, and night.</p>

      <p>He sighed blissfully. “I’m in heaven...”</p>

      <p>As he sat in silence, happily soaking, there came a click from the changing room door. He glanced towards the noise, expecting to see one of the soldiers. He found something else entirely: a petite girl glared back at him with lead-gray eyes. Perhaps she was aghast; perhaps she was furious. She had clapped her hands over her most sensitive regions, but that only had the effect of stoking Hiro’s base instincts.</p>

      <p>Finally, Aura spoke. “Did you plan this?”</p>

      <p>Hiro shook his head furiously. “No! How would I...? <em>I </em>should be asking <em>you</em> that!”</p>

      <p>Aura puffed out her cheeks. “You’re the one who peeped on me.”</p>

      <p>That was slander and she knew it. In the first place, it had been her who had walked in on him.</p>

      <p>“Didn’t you see my clothes in the changing room?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“They weren’t there.”</p>

      <p>“Now you’re just lying!”</p>

      <p>“They were <em>not</em>!” Aura gestured angrily, forgetting what her arms had been covering.</p>

      <p>Hiro averted his eyes, but he would be damned if he was going to let these accusations go unchallenged.</p>

      <p>“Yes they <em>were</em>! I left them on the—”</p>

      <p>Shelf. He had left them on the shelf. Aura was even shorter than he was. Could she have seen them all the way up there? Almost certainly not, but he couldn’t point that out without hurting her. Hiro was hardly tall himself. He knew exactly how much it would sting to be told that her height was at fault. Aside from anything else, Aura had already passed her growth spurt—it was unlikely that she would grow any taller, and her chest would forever remain as flat as a board. She was condemned to be pint-sized for life.</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” he said. “It won’t happen again.”</p>

      <p>The words came easily from his lips. His mouth relaxed into a serene smile. Next to the pain that Aura must bear, all his indignation suddenly seemed trivial.</p>

      <p>Aura’s reaction, however, was not what he expected. She paled and drew back. A small shriek slipped from her mouth. Hiro furrowed his brow in confusion.</p>

      <p>“Stop <em>grinning</em> at me,” she said.</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not... I’m smiling! It’s just a regular smile!”</p>

      <p>She must have mistaken his smile of compassion for a lecherous leer. Flustered, he stood up from the bath. Aura expression instantly turned mortified. Her eyes were glued to Hiro’s crotch.</p>

      <p>“What <em>is</em> that?” She pointed with a trembling finger. With a high-pitched scream, Hiro dove back below the waterline.</p>

      <p>Aura approached the edge of the bath on all fours. “Show me again.”</p>

      <p>“Absolutely not!”</p>

      <p>“You owe me from before. Show me.”</p>

      <p>“When did you get so aggressive?! What happened to you being all bashful?!”</p>

      <p>“I’m curious.” Aura cocked her head innocently. “I’ve never seen one before.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, really?” Hiro froze midprotest. Had she never taken a bath with her father? Had she not learned these things at school? Did she really not know what she had seen?</p>

      <p>“Really. This is my first time seeing male genitals.”</p>

      <p>“So you <em>do</em> know!” More fool him for bothering to be concerned. If anything, he was the one on the back foot now. To hear the word ‘genitals’ said to his face was surprisingly embarrassing.</p>

      <p>“Show me.”</p>

      <p>“No!”</p>

      <p>And so his tug-of-war with Aura continued until the heat of the bath made him pass out.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>