<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Well, I’ll be...” one of the heavies whispered. “They’re retreating!”</p>

      <p>The massacre had been unfolding in stunned silence, but now movement rippled across the battlefield. Word of events must finally have reached the enemy commander. The Lichtein army’s front line ponderously retracted, skirting Hiro as it went. The boy watched them go for a while, then turned away, seemingly no longer interested.</p>

      <p>Tris’s face stiffened in sudden urgency. “Whelp! Behind you!” he shouted. A cloud of arrows rose from the retreating army, but Hiro didn’t seem to have heard. Even if he had, without a shield, what chance did he have of defending himself? It was over. Tris shut his eyes.</p>

      <p>When next he opened them, he could not tell whether or not he was dreaming. Hiro stood amid a forest of arrows, but they parted like a stream around him, leaving him unharmed. As Tris stared, mouth agape, the boy’s eye caught his gaze.</p>

      <p>“Uranos... Well, that explains it.” As Tris breathed a sigh of relief, Hiro launched into a sprint. “What’s he playing at?”</p>

      <p>Tris peered at him warily, and with good reason: the boy was approaching the imperial lines at full speed. His face was no longer the emotionless abyss of before. He seemed once more like the fainthearted boy he had been when they first met.</p>

      <p>“Tris!” he shouted. “You’re all right!”</p>

      <p>“What are you— Whoa!” Tris’s voice cut off as Hiro flung his arms around him. For a moment, he didn’t know how to react, but then folded his arms around the boy’s shoulders.</p>

      <p>“What about Liz? Where is she? She isn’t hurt, is she?”</p>

      <p>“Now just— One thing at a time!” Tris spluttered. “I’ve sent Her Highness to the rear to regain her strength. More importantly, how do you fare?” That was perhaps a pointless question, with Hiro in such obvious good cheer, but it only felt right to ask.</p>

      <p>Hiro looked himself over. “Fine, I think? Anyway, I’m going to see Liz. I won’t be a minute!”</p>

      <p>“Now? No, she’s not—” Tris reached out to stop him, but the boy had already vanished into the depths of the canyon.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The stench of death hung thick and muggy between the cliff walls. Hiro unconsciously scrunched his nose. Just how many men had died here? He made his way deeper, taking care not to tread on any bodies.</p>

      <p>“Liz! There you—” He spotted her and flashed her a smile but quickly sobered up as he took in the whole picture. She sat on top of a boulder, huddled into herself, surrounded by corpses. His chest tightened at the sight. She seemed so fragile that she could shatter at any moment.</p>

      <p>Hiro hefted himself up alongside her, but she said nothing. Cerberus watched him at her side. He patted the wolf on the head, then placed a hand on Liz’s shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Liz...”</p>

      <p>She was dead to the world. She didn’t even seem to recognize his touch.</p>

      <p>“Liz!”</p>

      <p>He grabbed her by the shoulders and shook. At last she raised her head, though she still remained silent. Hiro swallowed hard at the sight of her face. Her eyes stared unfocused into empty space, devoid of their vital spark. Her eyelids were swollen, red, and tender.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, Liz...who hurt you like this?</em></p>

      <p>Hiro gently brought an arm around her head and pulled her close. Faced with such utter exhaustion, he couldn’t find any words that seemed right.</p>

      <p>“I’m so sorry,” he whispered into her crimson hair. He didn’t even know what he was apologizing for: not being able to think of anything to say or arriving too late to help.</p>

      <p>A shudder of life ran through Liz’s fingers. She gripped his arms and lifted her face from his chest.</p>

      <p>“Hiro?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah.” He nodded, flashing a guilty smile. “I know you’ll probably be mad, but...I’m back.”</p>

      <p>Liz reached out to touch his cheek. The air here was thick and humid as a midsummer day, but her fingertips were cold enough to make him shiver.</p>

      <p>“Why are you here?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“I figured out what I can do to help.” He took Liz’s hand and gently held it in his own, heating her with his warmth. The light returned to her eyes as it struck home that this was really him, but then a wave of sadness overcame her and she lowered her gaze.</p>

      <p>“Dios is dead,” she said.</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>“He was like a brother to me, you know? More than my real brothers ever were.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah.”</p>

      <p>“But when it really mattered, I couldn’t do anything to help him.”</p>

      <p>Hiro said nothing, letting her continue.</p>

      <p>“He told me to...to make my dream real.” Her voice cracked as tears welled in her eyes. “I... I don’t...”</p>

      <p>She wailed and buried her face in Hiro’s chest, where she began to cry short, panting sobs. Hiro wrapped his arms around her and drew her close. A wielder of a Spiritblade she might be, but beneath all that, she was still just a girl of fifteen. To have to watch someone you called family cut down before your eyes would tear anyone’s heart in two.</p>

      <p><em>You know, she really does take after you.</em></p>

      <p>Her hair was a different hue, her features were nothing like his, but her soul burned with the same flame. Both had had the burden of authority thrust upon them at a young age, yet found their lofty positions only stifled their ambitions and left them powerless to save their nation from ruin.</p>

      <p><em>Is that why you called me back?</em></p>

      <p>As he stroked Liz’s head, he felt he finally understood why he had been brought back to this world. Perhaps he was mistaken. He probably was. Even so, it was as good a reason as any.</p>

      <p>Tris and the heavies watched on in anguish as their princess silently wept atop the rock. Even the burliest man present shed tears through clenched teeth. Tris alone refused to cry, but he trembled with rage. A trickle of blood oozed from the corner of his mouth.</p>

      <p>Dios von Mikhail would have been twenty-eight years of age this year. He had once made his living working as a mercenary before taking a grievous wound and ending up abandoned in the empire. Tris had been the one to take him in and nurse him back to health. Not once had Dios neglected his training, and over time he had won countless feats of valor on the battlefield. The day his prowess had been rewarded with a position as the sixth princess’s aide was one of the proudest of Tris’s life. If Liz was the old soldier’s daughter, then Dios was surely his son.</p>

      <p>Tris thumped his hand against his chest, consigning his memories to the past. His gauntlet clanged against his breastplate, breaking the silence. He sank to one knee.</p>

      <p>“Princess Celia Estrella Elizabeth von Grantz!” he shouted. All eyes turned to him as his voice echoed through the canyon. “Now is not the time to mourn! That is not what Dios would want! Soon the sun will set! We must think of a way to break through their lines!”</p>

      <p>It was not Liz who answered, however, but Hiro.</p>

      <p>“Leave that to me,” he said. “I have a plan.”</p>

      <p>Tris looked taken aback. “What?”</p>

      <p>“The enemy forces number around two thousand. Even if we somehow escaped them, they’d only fall on the surrounding settlements in retaliation. I doubt Liz would want innocent people to suffer on her account.”</p>

      <p>“Hiro?” Liz looked up at him in confusion, and small wonder: for all she knew, he was still just an ordinary boy.</p>

      <p>Hiro smiled awkwardly and continued. “We don’t have to wipe them out, but unless we thin their numbers, we’ll be left with a bandit epidemic.”</p>

      <p>Tris frowned. “We’ve twenty men left, if that. What would you have us do against two thousand? Is each of us to slay a hundred men?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing like that. Especially given the state you’re in.” Hiro’s smile widened as he hopped down from the rock. He raised an index finger. “Why, it’s so simple, even a child could think of it.”</p>

      <p>And so the man once known and feared as Mars was reborn.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">＊＊＊</p>

      <p>The Lichtein encampment lay two sel from the cliffs, a cluster of several hundred tents ringed by a palisade. A notably luxurious tent sat in the center. Inside it, advisors and officers lined up in two parallel columns. Beil Lichtein sat in a large chair at their head, scowling as he listened to the report of their losses.</p>

      <p>“...six officers, and eight hundred and twelve infantry, with two hundred and nineteen more wounded. That’s all, sir.” The chief strategist concluded his report and returned to his place in line.</p>

      <p>Not only had the five hundred soldiers he’d dispatched to circle around the enemy’s rear been wiped out, but the sixth princess herself had put up unexpectedly fierce resistance. He had lost a lot of good men that day.</p>

      <p>“Do you mean to say we lost a thousand men to fewer than a hundred?!” Beil dashed his wine glass against the ground, sending shards of glass flying in all directions. “Is this what you would have me tell my brother?! That I let the princess slip through my fingers and frittered away a thousand men in the process?!”</p>

      <p>The chief strategist came forward once more. “There were extenuating circumstances, Your Highness. Surely you witnessed them for yourself. What attacked us was no human, of that I’m certain!”</p>

      <p>This man in black was a menace, it was true. No sooner had he descended on the battlefield than he had carved through their ranks in the blink of an eye. Even so, that was no excuse for failure.</p>

      <p>“Bah!” Beil scoffed. “So I must instead report that I lost a thousand soldiers to a single man? My brother would have my head!” He kicked his chair in an explosion of rage. It collided with the desk and smashed to splinters with a discordant crash. Still not placated, he seized one of his officers by the lapels.</p>

      <p>“He was strong, that much I’ll grant, but who gave him the run of the battlefield? You! You and all the other imbeciles I dared to hope could lead my troops!”</p>

      <p>“We had no choice, sir!” the officer protested. “After what he did to us, the men were terrified!”</p>

      <p>“And you call yourselves soldiers of Lichtein?! Pathetic!” Beil thrust the man away and glared at the rest in turn. “We attack with the dawn, every last man. There will be no retreat. If any of you object, step forward now and I’ll end your concerns.”</p>

      <p>This was supposed to have been an easy assignment. By all rights, the fighting should have been over hours ago. They had seen no need to prepare for a night battle, so now that darkness had fallen, they were left sitting on their hands while the enemy enjoyed a much-needed reprieve.</p>

      <p>“None of you? Good. Then this meeting is over. Find replacements for the dead officers, then get to work. I want every last one of you plotting through the night. Anyone stupid or incompetent enough to disappoint me will spend the rest of their lives in chains.”</p>

      <p>His subordinates fell to one knee, clapping their right hands to their left shoulders. “As you command!” they intoned as one.</p>

      <p>At that moment, a panicked messenger tumbled into the tent. “We’re under attack!” he cried. “Enemy numbers unknown! The camp is under attack!”</p>

      <p>Confusion spread across every face, and for good reason. The enemy was on the brink of annihilation. The idea that they would launch an attack themselves was unthinkable.</p>

      <p>Even Beil doubted his own ears. “What did you say?” he demanded.</p>

      <p>“I repeat, the camp is under attack! Enemy numbers unknown!”</p>

      <p>“Preposterous! There are barely a handful of them left!”</p>

      <p>Beil stormed out of the tent in a flurry of silks, followed in short order by his advisors and officers. Yells, screams, and thundering hoofbeats filled the air outside as hysteria spread through the resting soldiers.</p>

      <p>“What is the meaning of this?!” he bellowed. “Surely they can’t have reinforcements!”</p>

      <p>The princess had no cavalry left, only infantry and archers. If there were hoofbeats in the air, they could only signal the arrival of a new force, but that wasn’t possible...or at least, it shouldn’t have been.</p>

      <p>“It can’t be... Has my brother fallen?” For a moment, the thought crossed Beil’s mind, but he immediately dismissed it. “No. He would never.”</p>

      <p>The ducal army’s main force of twelve thousand was currently assaulting Berg Fortress. So long as they held, no enemy reinforcements could reach them here.</p>

      <p>“This Athena has a formidable reputation, but even so...”</p>

      <p>Beil and his men were an advance force dispatched to capture the princess, having arrived two days ago. Even the illustrious Warmaiden would be hard-pressed to break through twelve thousand men. But then, if enemy reinforcements were out of the question, what was going on?</p>

      <p>As Beil looked around in confusion, an advisor at his side took charge. “Return to your regiments!” he commanded the officers. “Assemble back here once you have restored order!”</p>

      <p>“At once!” they replied. They turned to leave—and then, as one, toppled to the ground. A young boy stepped over their corpses with a battered spear in hand.</p>

      <p>“That was lucky,” he said, heaving a mock sigh. “If you hadn’t thought to call a strategy meeting, this would have been much harder.”</p>

      <p>One of Beil’s advisors fell on his rear with a squeal. The boy cast aside his spear, picked up a sword from one of the officers’ bodies, and began to inspect it. “Hm. Well-maintained,” he said. “The sword of a dutiful man.” With a smooth sideways stroke, he lopped the head from the fallen advisor.</p>

      <p>Every man present had witnessed the havoc this black-garbed boy had wreaked on the battlefield. Now that he was in their midst, the fear he had sown in their hearts began to take root. The advisors and captains alike backed away in terror.</p>

      <p>“I’m afraid I can’t let you get away,” the boy said. “Not when it might invite misfortune on the innocent.”</p>

      <p>He held his sword horizontally and threw it. With a crunch of bone, it caught an advisor between his tear-filled eyes. Blood sprayed from his shattered forehead. The rest of the men screamed and ran—</p>

      <p>“I told you, I can’t let you get away.”</p>

      <p>—but only so far as the boy let them. They died with prayers for salvation on their lips.</p>

      <p>At last, only Beil was left. “Curse you!” he cried, fleeing into the tent.</p>

      <p>The boy picked up a curved sword and followed. As he entered the tent, Beil turned around to reveal a sword studded with gemstones. His grin deepened. “Heh. I don’t know who or what you are, but this’ll cut you down like a babe at the teat!”</p>

      <p>“A spirit weapon?” The boy shrugged. “Well, then.”</p>

      <p>He brought his sword down on the nearby wreckage of Beil’s chair. Over and over he slashed at the wood, until the curved blade was chipped and dented.</p>

      <p>“What are you doing?” Beil’s brow knotted in confusion.</p>

      <p>When finally the boy turned back to him, he held not so much a sword as a rod of beaten metal. “Have you ever heard it said that our capacity for cruelty comes from our capacity for reason?” he said. “My brother’s words, not mine, but I always thought they rang strangely true.”</p>

      <p>“What’s this prattle?”</p>

      <p>“I’m going to ask you some questions now. I want you to answer me honestly.”</p>

      <p>“Have you lost your mind?!” Beil was growing exasperated. The boy barely even seemed to be listening to him.</p>

      <p>“Normally, I’d start with your fingers, but I’m short on time. I suppose your arm will do.”</p>

      <p>The boy disappeared from Beil’s field of view, and then suddenly the abyss was right before Beil’s eyes, staring deep into his soul. The next moment, his arm exploded with pain. He looked down to see the boy’s battered sword sunk deep into his bicep, its uneven blade digging into his flesh like the teeth of a saw.</p>

      <p>“Gaaaaaah!!!”</p>

      <p>“First question. Was it you who killed Dios?”</p>

      <p>Beil grunted as a kick to the face sent him flying.</p>

      <p>“Someone, help...please... I need to stop the bleeding...” He let his spirit weapon fall and clutched at his arm, writhing in agony.</p>

      <p>“I’ll do your ankle next. Try not to die before you give me some answers.”</p>

      <p>Beil looked up to find himself gazing into the void. What stood over him now was something mechanical, something dead, lacking even a shred of emotion. He found himself wondering if it was even human at all.</p>

      <p>A strange delirium had come over all of the soldiers who had fought on the front lines. They had all repeated the same thing, over and over in a fervent whisper: “The Desperation.”</p>

      <p>Overcome by despair, Beil ground his head into the dirt. “I yield! You’ve won! I beg you, cease this!”</p>

      <p>“Why should I?”</p>

      <p>“You’d be violating the binational accord! There are rules for treating prisoners of war! Excessive mistreatment or killing of captured soldiers is prohi—”</p>

      <p>The black-haired boy cut Beil off mid-explanation. “Those don’t apply to me, I’m afraid. I’m not an imperial soldier.”</p>

      <p>Beil struggled to understand. “You’re not...? What?”</p>

      <p>“I still haven’t gotten an answer, and we’re running out of time. Perhaps you’ll be more willing to talk without a foot.” The boy’s voice was detached as he approached.</p>

      <p>“Gah!” Beil cried as the blade sank into his leg.</p>

      <p>The boy leaned forward, his breath as cold as ice. “Now, let’s try this again. <em>Was it you who killed Dios?</em>”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Hiro left the tent to find that the sky to the east was beginning to lighten. Out in the darkness of the wasteland, he could perhaps have made out his feet if he squinted. Here in the Lichtein encampment, however, the illumination was so overpowering that there was no such need.</p>

      <p>The place was barely recognizable. All the tents had been torn open, tipped over, consumed by fire. Burning bodies littered the ground, poisoning the air with an acrid stench. Riderless horses ran free beyond the palisade. Hiro stood in the middle of the camp, a black-haired figure gazing at the gutted remains of the central tent amid a vision of hell.</p>

      <p>“Hiro!” A crimson-haired girl rushed up to him and patted him up and down, checking him for injuries. “You’re not hurt, are you? Are you sore anywhere?”</p>

      <p>He blushed as her inquisitive hands reached his face. “I’m fine. See? Not a scratch on me.” He raised his arms and twisted left, then right, showing her he was unharmed.</p>

      <p>Liz’s eyes softened and she sighed with relief. “Thank goodness! Whatever were you thinking, running in here alone?!”</p>

      <p>Her hand flew out with inhuman speed to smoosh his cheeks in a vice.</p>

      <p>“Bhut it wash the obly whay!”</p>

      <p>“I want an apology, not whatever that was!”</p>

      <p>His jaw was starting to creak in her grip. He couldn’t exactly explain himself like this. He couldn’t even apologize.</p>

      <p>“Promise me you’ll not go running off into any more enemy camps. I can fight with you, you know!”</p>

      <p>Hiro nodded desperately. “Yesh.”</p>

      <p>With that, Liz finally released her hand. As Hiro massaged his stinging cheeks, a light bulb went on in Liz’s eyes. “Oh, that’s right!” she said. “What was that sword all about?”</p>

      <p>Hiro still had Excalibur tied to his belt. Liz crouched down and looked it over with appraising eyes.</p>

      <p>“Whoa...” she breathed. “It looks gorgeous up close. Lævateinn’s like a sweet little girl, but you’re a proper noble lady.”</p>

      <p>She unsheathed Lævateinn and held them together, comparing. Sweat beaded on Hiro’s forehead. This was going to be difficult to explain. Impossible, actually. The sword of a legendary hero, supposedly lost for a thousand years, had turned up in his hand. What could he say that would make any sense? <em>Screw it</em>, he thought, and decided to lie.</p>

      <p>“After we split up, I... I found it. By the side of the road.”</p>

      <p>“You found <em>this</em> by the roadside? Just lying there?” Liz asked.</p>

      <p>“Um...yeah! I thought it looked pretty, so I took it.”</p>

      <p>“Really? Wow...I bet that doesn’t happen every day. Maybe it’s because Baum’s so close by?”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, yeah, maybe!”</p>

      <p>It was an obvious lie, but she bought it all the same. Maybe she was too quick to trust, or maybe she was just an airhead. Either way, Hiro was thankful.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Liz murmured to herself. “I can sense a powerful spirit in there. It’s no ordinary sword, that’s for certain. No, wait... Could the Spirit King’s power be bolstering it somehow? But then...” She seemed to be genuinely deep in thought.</p>

      <p>Hiro felt a little guilty—not to mention uncertain where to look. The front of her armor did a poor job of hiding her chest when she was bending over like that, and it was getting harder and harder to ignore. Out of the frying pan and into the fire, one might call it. Her shifting from side to side to inspect Excalibur from different angles made even her modest chest sway noticeably. Her shapely figure and the sweat beading on her pale skin only inflamed his excitement. If this kept up, he was going to say something ill-advised.</p>

      <p>Unable to take any more, Hiro cut Liz out of his view entirely. Only then did he notice the hulking figure looming behind her back.</p>

      <p>“Having yourself a good long look, are you, whelp?”</p>

      <p>With his bulging muscles, Tris looked like a bear on horseback. A sword glinted in his hand. It was trembling, most likely with barely restrained bloodlust. Hiro’s desire instantly cooled. “I-It’s not what you think!” he stammered.</p>

      <p>“Oh, isn’t it now? Coercing Her Highness into such a shameful pose—I should take your head, you lecher!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not coercing anyone into anything!”</p>

      <p>“Silence! You’ve had designs on Her Highness’s virtue from the start, I’ll wager. Well, no longer!”</p>

      <p>“Now, hold on!” Hiro protested. “Let’s not jump to conclusions! Just hear me out!”</p>

      <p>Liz straightened up and turned to Tris. “Could you two lovebirds do this some other time? I want to know how the battle went.”</p>

      <p>Tris’s face froze. “Lovebirds? Your Highness, I assure you—”</p>

      <p>“We’re standing in the middle of the enemy camp. Give me a report.”</p>

      <p>Tris ground his teeth. “Bah. Well, as you can see, we dealt them a crushing defeat. Thanks to the whelp, much as it galls me to admit it.”</p>

      <p>The first thing Hiro had instructed them to do was round up their old horses. Naturally, some were long gone, but they had managed to recapture around sixty, which they divided into three groups of twenty. With these, they launched an attack on the Lichtein camp from three sides.</p>

      <p>Only the foremost few horses in each group bore soldiers. The rest went riderless, and indeed many peeled off and ran wild along the way. Their charge would have made a pitiful sight in the light of day. In the dead of night, however, it wreaked havoc. With their true numbers hidden under the cover of darkness, the thundering of hooves across the silent wasteland made their small force seem a mighty army.</p>

      <p>The enemy had already been rattled by the battle earlier that day, and the night attack had hit them when they were least equipped to think clearly. Few soldiers would have been willing to contend with shod hooves powerful enough to shatter skulls.</p>

      <p>“Between that and them killing each other, I daresay few got away,” Tris continued.</p>

      <p>Additionally, Hiro had instructed a small number of infantrymen to dress as enemy soldiers, sneak into the camp during the mayhem, and attack. With their superiors attending Beil’s strategy meeting, the rank and file had quickly plunged into confusion. No one wants to die—human beings will do anything to survive—so once the seeds of suspicion had been sown, the men quickly fell upon each other. Meanwhile, Hiro had assaulted the main tent, ensuring the officers could not restore order to the chaos.</p>

      <p>Liz nodded as Tris concluded. “Good work, but we have to stay vigilant. There might still be stragglers lurking nearby. Sweep the area, then gather the men here once you’re done.”</p>

      <p>“At once, Your Highness.” Tris clapped a hand to his chest, then turned his horse about and rode away through the burned-out camp. Liz watched until he was out of sight, then turned to Hiro.</p>

      <p>“And what about you?” she asked.</p>

      <p>Hiro said nothing, but jerked a thumb at the pile of ashes that had once been the central tent.</p>

      <p>“Is he dead?” Liz asked hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“Yeah.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>They stood in silence for a while before Liz spoke again, her expression clouded. “You know, I don’t really know how to feel. There’s a part of me that’s glad he paid for what he did, and another part of me that just feels numb, and I’m not sure I know what to do with either of them.”</p>

      <p>“You’ll figure it out someday,” Hiro said. <em>As I did</em>, he silently added.</p>

      <p>For better or for worse, she was pure of heart—too pure, perhaps. Someday, that would lead to tragedy. If she had been in his place, she would have accepted Beil’s surrender. The title of Sixth Princess was a great weight, and she had grown used to suppressing her emotions in order to bear it.</p>

      <p>That was only what he thought was going on inside her head, of course. He could not know for certain. To justify his actions with convenient assumptions about another person’s heart was perhaps the height of arrogance. Even so, he would not take back his attack on Beil’s tent, even if he could.</p>

      <p><em>The seeds of misfortune are best plucked before they can take root.</em></p>

      <p>As a glimmer of dazzling sunlight broke the horizon to the east, a great <em>crack</em> split the melancholy air. Hiro’s eyes grew wide as he saw the cause: the crimson-haired girl had just smacked her cheeks with both palms.</p>

      <p>“All right! That’s quite enough moping for one morning,” she announced. Gone were the pain and the sorrow that had weighed so heavily on her brow. Her face was as bright as the new day.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Hiro. Let’s go and see my uncle!”</p>

      <p>Here was a crimson flower blooming in the wasteland, nobler and more beautiful than any precious stone.</p>

      <p><em>I should never have worried</em>, Hiro thought with a wry smile.<em> She has your blood in her veins, after all.</em></p>

      <p>“But first, I owe you a thank-you,” Liz said.</p>

      <p>Hiro grew alarmed as she suddenly leaned closer. “Huh? What are you—”</p>

      <p>“You’re the reason I’m still here. I won’t forget that, not as long as I live.”</p>

      <p>Something soft and warm brushed his cheek. By the time he realized what it was, she had already pulled away.</p>

      <p>“We’re in this together now, all right?”</p>

      <p>Hiro gave a flustered little laugh. “All right.”</p>

      <p><em>Truly, a smile suits you better.</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>