<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: The Warmaiden</h1>

      <p><em>The twenty-eighth day of the fifth month of Imperial Year 1023, two days after the battle in the nameless wasteland</em></p>

      <p>Liz’s company was eight sel from the border city of Linkus and closing. They had begun their journey with over three hundred soldiers. Now, after a series of monster attacks and their clash with Lichtein, they numbered fewer than ten. Despite their losses, Liz rode onward. Hiro, with his arms wrapped around her waist, had no choice but to follow.</p>

      <p>“Once we reach Berg Fortress, I’ll have to teach you to ride,” Liz said.</p>

      <p>“Um...that might be harder than you think.”</p>

      <p>He’d had much the same conversation a thousand years ago. Emperor Artheus had taken it upon himself to instruct him in riding day and night, but while mounting up had been easy enough, his horses had all refused to move an inch once he was on their backs. He had always used a carriage in battle, so his inability to ride had never been an inconvenience. Now, however, perhaps it was time to look into addressing that. There were two reasons it had become a pressing issue: one, Tris’s glare was growing more murderous by the second, and two, the rising and falling of the horse’s gait was pressing Liz’s breasts into his hands.</p>

      <p>The latter was a particular concern. A thousand years ago, he had ridden behind Artheus who, for obvious reasons, had given him no such trouble. Now that he was riding with a woman, however, things were different. Modest her chest may be, but for now, she was a world-renowned beauty in the making.</p>

      <p><em>Are all girls’ chests this soft, or is it just because she’s a princess?</em></p>

      <p>Hiro’s thoughts were starting to take a turn for the idiotic when Tris, Liz’s ever-watchful guardian, pulled up beside them on his horse. He shot Hiro his now customary glare, then turned to Liz. “We ought to take a rest before long, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>“Agreed,” Liz replied. “We don’t know what state Linkus is in, and Cerberus is getting tired. The horses could use a break too.”</p>

      <p>Cerberus bounded alongside them, her tongue lolling dolefully from her mouth.</p>

      <p>“I’ll send two men ahead to scout out the town,” Liz continued. “We’re not so pressed for time that we can’t afford to wait.”</p>

      <p>If all had gone to plan, they would have been arriving at Berg Fortress by then, but after everything that had happened on their journey, there was no such thing as being too cautious.</p>

      <p>“We’ll stop two sel from here. Are you all right with that, Hiro?”</p>

      <p>“I’m happy to stop any time. Now, even.”</p>

      <p>He wasn’t particularly tired, but his rear end ached something fierce. Judging by Liz’s composed expression, she wasn’t experiencing the same discomfort. Perhaps her butt was softer? The temptation to check was growing irresistible when something at the side of the road caught his eye.</p>

      <p>“Liz! Stop!” he shouted.</p>

      <p>She responded immediately. Their horse ground to a halt. Tris and the soldiers bringing up the rear were slower to react and sped past them, stopping farther up the trail.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong? Did you bite your tongue?”</p>

      <p>“That’s not it!” Hiro cried. “Over there! There’s a child in trouble!”</p>

      <p>“Oh no! Where are they?! What’s wrong?!” Liz looked around in alarm.</p>

      <p>“There!” Hiro pointed.</p>

      <p>The tension quickly drained from Liz’s body. “Oh, that? That’s not a child.”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure? It looks like one.” Was he seeing things? He rubbed his eyes, but the figure was still there, under attack by an avian creature about twice the size of a bald eagle.</p>

      <p>“Tris!” Liz called ahead. “We’re taking an early rest!”</p>

      <p>“Understood, Your Highness!”</p>

      <p>Liz dismounted first, then offered Hiro her hand. “You see that bird-like creature? That’s a gerdem. And the one you thought was a child, we call a goblin.”</p>

      <p>Hiro took her hand and climbed down. He looked closer at the goblin, cocking his head curiously. Monsters had roamed the land a thousand years ago, just as they did now, but he didn’t remember any quite so<em> small</em>. With its stubby horns, round, pink eyes, and baby-like features, it looked almost endearing. It wore green clothes somewhere between a shirt and a skirt, and it clutched a stick in its chubby fist which it swung in vain at the gerdem.</p>

      <p>“Shouldn’t we do something?” he asked. “I’m starting to feel bad for it.”</p>

      <p>Even from afar, Hiro could sense its panic. The gerdem was swooping down on it from far beyond the reach of its stubby arms. Eventually, he could stand to watch no more, but just as he stepped forward to intervene, Liz seized him by the shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Don’t bother,” she said. “You don’t want to get in the way.”</p>

      <p>“Yes I do. I’m going to help.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I mean. Just watch. You’ll see soon enough.”</p>

      <p>She folded her knees and sat down on the ground. A short distance away, Tris ordered his soldiers to scout out the town. Two horses sped off across the sparse scrub of the plain, kicking up twin plumes of dust in their wake.</p>

      <p>Hiro watched the goblin with concern, but he soon paled as events unfolded. A horde of other goblins surged out from underground. One climbed onto its neighbor’s shoulders, and another one on top of that, until they formed a tower tall enough to smack the gerdem out of the sky with their sticks.</p>

      <p>“Huh,” he said.</p>

      <p>“Goblins were earth spirits once, before they angered the Spirit King by getting up to too much mischief. He turned them into earth faeries and sent them to Aletia. They’re good friends with the dwarves, you know. You can often find them helping with their smithing.”</p>

      <p>It was oddly inspiring to watch the goblins work together to take on a creature twice their size. With nimble movements, they kept the gerdem on the defensive, giving it no room to strike back. Even so, with their little sticks, the most they could injure was its pride. The bird-like creature looked thoroughly fed up but otherwise unhurt.</p>

      <p>These goblins were cute, Hiro decided.</p>

      <p>“If you’d tried to help, you’d be keeping that gerdem company right about now,” Liz said.</p>

      <p>“Good job I didn’t. I’m not sure I’d enjoy being thwacked with sticks.”</p>

      <p>Liz giggled. “I’m sure you wouldn’t. But it’s when they drop their sticks that you really have to worry.”</p>

      <p>“What happens then?”</p>

      <p>“Some people call it ‘Death Meteor.’ It almost killed Tris once. Goblins were once spirits, don’t forget. They’re nothing to mess with.”</p>

      <p>Hiro felt a chill run down his spine. Anything that could threaten Tris’s life was no joke.</p>

      <p>As he watched, the goblins started throwing their sticks. A wave of alarm seemed to pass through the gerdem. Eventually, it gave up on weathering their attacks and took wing, flying away until it vanished into the blue. The battle was over.</p>

      <p>Liz seemed to remember something. “Oh, that’s right! They’re also all female.”</p>

      <p>For a second, Hiro thought he’d heard something concerning, but he didn’t have a chance to ask about it. At that moment, the scouts returned from the town. A primly dressed man on the cusp of old age accompanied them. He dismounted, placed a hand to his chest, and sank to one knee, mindless of dirtying his clothes.</p>

      <p>“It is a pleasure to meet you, Lady Celia Estrella,” he said. “My name is Kurt von Tarmier. In Margrave von Gurinda’s absence, allow me to welcome you on his behalf.”</p>

      <p>Liz brought her hand to her own chest and bowed in return. “Celia Estrella Elizabeth von Grantz, granted the rank of major general by His Majesty the Emperor.” She delivered her courtesies with a perfectly poised expression, as befitted a princess. “Might I ask where my uncle is?”</p>

      <p>“In Berg Fortress, Your Highness. A hostile force crossed the border from the Duchy of Lichtein four days hence—some twelve thousand men, if the reports are accurate. It is only thanks to the Warmaiden’s assistance that we have held them off thus far.” Von Tarmier produced a letter and held it out to Liz. “Margrave von Gurinda instructed me to give this to you in the event that you arrived in Linkus.”</p>

      <p>Liz took it, broke the seal, and scanned the single leaf of paper inside. She nodded to herself as she read, then turned to Tris.</p>

      <p>“Tris!”</p>

      <p>“Your Highness!” Tris and his six remaining men fell to one knee in unison.</p>

      <p>“We’ll stop by Linkus and rest awhile. After that, we’ll head to Berg Fortress.”</p>

      <p>Ever since their clash with Lichtein, they had ridden without sleep. Tris and his men weren’t visibly tired, but trained soldiers or not, their exhaustion was surely mounting.</p>

      <p>Liz turned to Hiro, gesturing to the letter. “Want to read it for yourself?”</p>

      <p>“Are you sure you should be showing me that?” Hiro couldn’t hide his surprise. A personal letter wasn’t the kind of thing one would show to others, even if the contents were banal. At least, Hiro thought so, but Liz, pushing the letter on him with an encouraging nod, seemed to disagree.</p>

      <p>The letter read as follows:<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>To my dearest Elizabeth,</em></p>

      <p><em>It gladdens my heart that you have reached Linkus unharmed. I regret only that we must wait to exchange pleasantries.</em></p>

      <p><em>I await you in Berg Fortress.</em></p>

      <p><em>Signed,</em></p>

      <p><em>Rugen Kiork von Gurinda</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Liz turned back to von Tarmier. “How many soldiers do we have in Berg Fortress?”</p>

      <p>Von Tarmier hesitated for a moment. “Around three thousand, including the Warmaiden’s forces from the Third Legion.”</p>

      <p>“Those aren’t good odds.” Three thousand men against Lichtein’s twelve. Liz’s face fell, and with good reason.</p>

      <p>Hiro’s mind began to race, searching for a way to overcome the odds, but just as quickly, he gave up. He could scheme all he liked, but there was no point—his station in this world was no higher than a common peasant, arguably lower. If he hadn’t happened to meet Liz, he would probably be living off the land right now. Who would let someone like that decide their strategies? What was he supposed to say, “I’m actually a thousand-year-old legend in the flesh”?</p>

      <p><em>Well, Liz might believe me, but no one else would.</em></p>

      <p>In any case, it was best to hold fire for now. He could start strategizing once he had a better grasp on the situation. He still had time to figure out how it would best be resolved.</p>

      <p>Hiro craned his neck to look up at the sky. An azure expanse stretched from horizon to horizon, vast and clear and indifferent to the worries of men.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The border city of Linkus was a peculiar town, born of an uneasy coexistence between the grasslands of its northern quarter and the desert of its southern. Its main gate was found in the arid environs of the south. In less troubled times, the high street would have been bustling with market stalls, but now it was practically deserted. The poorer citizens who made their homes nearby had shut their windows and barred their doors. A few sparsely populated inns and taverns remained open here and there, but that was all.</p>

      <p>Stagecoaches lined the grassy streets of the northern quarter. A crowd of nobles carrying loaded luggage milled about them. They pushed and shoved at one another, desperate not to be left behind in the city when the fighting broke out.</p>

      <p>Margrave von Gurinda’s mansion lay at the end of the high street. On the first floor of the house, next to the corridor leading to the balnea—or bathhouse—was a square room. This room, which Margrave von Gurinda aptly called his library, housed a treasure trove of local and continental history. Bookcases occupied all four of its walls, filled with books of every kind, from ancient tomes to the most modern treatises. Those volumes that didn’t fit on the shelves spilled over onto the floor, where they lay in stacks.</p>

      <p>In the center of the room was a crude, utilitarian writing desk that seemed somehow master of the place. Cerberus hid quivering behind its legs, looking less a noble wolf and more a puppy taking cover from the rain. Books covered its top. On the floor beside the desk, a figure sat reading, a black-haired, black-eyed boy whose features fell somewhere between weak and kind: Hiro Oguro.</p>

      <p>Hiro placed his book back on the desk and rubbed between his eyebrows with a finger. “I’m never going to live this down,” he sighed.</p>

      <p>Reading through these books felt like having his most embarrassing middle-school writing unearthed and shoved back in his face. No self-respecting history of Aletia could avoid bringing up the first emperor, and wherever Artheus was mentioned, Schwartz was never far behind. While only three years had passed for Hiro, a thousand years had passed for Aletia, and somewhere in the interim they’d gone so far as to deify him. Just thinking about it made his head hurt.</p>

      <p>“Still, some parts don’t match up.”</p>

      <p>As far as he knew, he had returned to his home world—Earth—from Aletia three years ago, when he was thirteen. Yet all of the legends agreed that Schwartz had lived out his natural lifespan in this world and passed away as emperor.</p>

      <p><em>If this Schwartz wasn’t me, then who was he?</em></p>

      <p>There was one possibility he could think of, but he banished the idea with a shake of his head. Aside from anything else, there was little to be gained from fixating on thousand-year-old events.</p>

      <p>Deciding he needed a change of pace, Hiro looked outside the window. Twilight-hued clouds spread across the sky from the west, arranging themselves playfully in front of the setting sun. By that light, he reached into the inner pocket of his school blazer and took out a white card—the same card Artheus had once given him on the eve of his return to Earth.</p>

      <p>“It does look a lot like a spirit seal...but it’s not quite the same, huh.”</p>

      <p>He had come across illustrations of similar items in his reading, but they were neither blank nor quite so thick. He was still none the wiser as to what this thing even was, let alone what he was supposed to do with it.</p>

      <p>“I guess not everything can be as self-explanatory as Excalibur...”</p>

      <p>The blessing of the Spirit King was a transcendental power, a force that existed outside the limits of human understanding. As Hiro gazed into empty space, a tear appeared there with a small <em>pop</em>. A gleaming hilt slowly emerged from the rent as though pushing its way into existence. He lowered his eyes to his lap, and Excalibur’s hilt disappeared as quickly and completely as if it had been erased from existence. The next time, he tried grasping it instead, and the sword vanished from his belt and appeared in his hand.</p>

      <p>“The Heavenly Emperor has chosen you,” Artheus had said when Hiro had first shown him the same trick.</p>

      <p><em>Spiritblades are more than just weapons. They have minds of their own.</em></p>

      <p>Simply by willing it, he could open a gateway between Aletia and the spirit world through which Excalibur could materialize. He released his grip on the blade and let it fall. It dissolved into thin air the instant before it hit the ground. A hush rippled through the room, leaving silence in its wake.</p>

      <p>Outside, night was creeping in. A flurry of footsteps thundered down the corridor, drumming out an arrhythmic beat on the floor. The door burst open, revealing an irate Liz.</p>

      <p>“Come on out, Cerberus! I know you’re in here!”</p>

      <p>If Hiro had been drinking something as he turned to look, he would have spat it out. Cerberus scampered behind him, where she cowered, her ears pressed flat against her head.</p>

      <p>“Stop whining and come with me!” Liz demanded as she approached. “We need to wash your paws, at the very least!”</p>

      <p>Cerberus growled menacingly as Liz reached for her. Hostility burned in her amber eyes, as though she were facing down her sworn enemy. She clearly had no intention of moving an inch.</p>

      <p>“Oh, stop being such a baby! One little bath is nothing to be scared of!”</p>

      <p>“Um, Liz?” Hiro broke in. “Sorry, I can see you’re busy, but I have a question.”</p>

      <p>Liz wheeled around. “Ugh, what?!”</p>

      <p>“I don’t really know how to say this, but...where are your clothes?”</p>

      <p>“Well, I can’t wear them while I’m bathing Cerberus, now can I? They’d get soaked! The towel hides anything that needs hiding, so it’s fine.”</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, it’s definitely not fine.”</p>

      <p>Liz’s towel was doing heroic work, but it could only cover so much. After a moment of deliberation, Hiro narrowed his eyes to limit his peripheral vision and did all he could to look only at her face. That was hard enough by itself, but given the circumstances, it was the best he could manage.</p>

      <p>“Could you please just take your bath, Cerberus?” he pleaded. “For me?”</p>

      <p>He had to resolve this situation before Tris happened by. If the grizzled old warrior saw this, no amount of explaining would save him.</p>

      <p>Cerberus shook her head in a surprisingly expressive “no.” Out of options, Hiro wrapped his arms around her stomach, picked her up, and, despite her struggling, handed her to Liz.</p>

      <p>“Stop wriggling and come quietly!” Liz ordered the wolf, but somewhere in the tussle, Cerberus dislodged the towel. Liz turned to leave, unaware of the loss.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>