<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Von Spitz’s question still hung in the air, but except for the dry rustle of turning pages, she made no sound. Perhaps she was ignoring him. Perhaps she hadn’t even heard. Undeterred, he tried again.</p>

      <p>“Lady Aura,” he said, “while I am loath to interrupt your reading, we have urgent matters to discuss.”</p>

      <p>It was Aura’s habit to spend her every spare moment with her nose in a book. One book in particular, in fact: a chronicle of the life and times of the second emperor. She likely had a more complete knowledge of the War God than anybody else in the empire.</p>

      <p>“Lady Aura,” von Spitz said, “please lend me your ear.”</p>

      <p>Finally, he seemed to get through. Aura closed her book and turned her large, round eyes towards him. Overcome with affection, he fell to his knees and prostrated himself on the floor.</p>

      <p>“It goes without saying,” she said, “that I have the utmost respect for His Majesty, the First Emperor.”</p>

      <p>Von Spitz sighed. <em>Here she goes again</em>, he groaned internally. Every time she emerged from her ancient myths, she always said the same thing.</p>

      <p>“Emperor Artheus’s feats of conquest are beyond dispute,” Aura continued, “but we must ask who it was who laid the first stone. It was the second emperor, Emperor Schwartz, who saved his crumbling kingdom; Emperor Schwartz who won his first victory; Emperor Schwartz who subjugated his immediate neighbors. Were it not for him, the Grantzian Empire as we know it would not exist.”</p>

      <p>“As you say, my lady,” von Spitz replied flatly.</p>

      <p>While Aura’s face remained as sullen as ever, her speech grew more impassioned. “Emperor Schwartz was over seventy years old when his elder brother passed on. He took the throne in the twilight of his life and passed away within the year. Imagine what he might have accomplished had he been the first emperor rather than the second. He could have conquered the world.”</p>

      <p>Von Spitz’s face fell to hear her speak so fervently. The events she was describing had occurred a thousand years ago, the two men she spoke of long since enshrined as deities in the Grantzian pantheon of the Twelve Divines. While the Grantzian Empire itself was ironclad proof of their existence, history had a way of exaggerating the particulars. Many of Emperor Schwartz’s supposed feats—slaying ten thousand men single-handedly during his final battle, for example, or leveling an entire town with a swing of his sword—were clearly the province of fiction. Spiritblades might be powerful, but their wielders were still only human. In reality, von Spitz doubted that Schwartz could have slain more than a thousand men before collapsing from exhaustion, although that would still have been impressive in and of itself.</p>

      <p>In any case, all that was beside the point. He needed Aura to focus on the task at hand. “How long are we to remain in this village?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“I wasn’t finished.” Aura sounded peeved.</p>

      <p>“A letter has arrived from Prince Brutahl.”</p>

      <p>Aura grimaced upon hearing the prince’s name, as von Spitz knew she would, but she begrudgingly allowed him her full attention. “What does it say?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t know,” von Spitz replied. “I haven’t read it.”</p>

      <p>“Why not?”</p>

      <p>Von Spitz took a deep breath. “My lady, I would never presume to break a royal seal.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve only just finished reading Emperor Schwartz’s legend. I want to bask in it for a while. You read. I’ll listen.”</p>

      <p>“Of course, my lady.” Von Spitz produced an ostentatious envelope, from which he pulled a single leaf of paper. It read as follows:<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>To my most beloved Warmaiden,</em></p>

      <p><em>Ten days have passed since you rode forth, yet I note with great surprise that I have yet to receive word of your success. If your target’s royal blood has chanced to stay your hand, I implore you, set aside your reservations. It is my wish that you deliver this pernicious upstart the death she deserves.</em></p>

      <p><em>While I would never suggest that you are unequal to this task, should you feel your resources are inadequate, I will dispatch as many men as you require. You need only ask.</em></p>

      <p><em>May the Twelve Divines keep you.</em></p>

      <p><em>Signed,</em></p>

      <p><em>Third Prince Brutahl of the Grantzian Empire</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Von Spitz finished reading. “That’s all, my lady.”</p>

      <p>Aura scowled. “Idiocy.”</p>

      <p>Von Spitz gave an awkward smile. “His Highness fears for his position, my lady. Third in line he may be, but should anything happen to the first prince, the sixth princess’s Spiritblade may very well see her seated on the throne.”</p>

      <p>“The twenty-eighth and thirty-sixth emperors couldn’t even wield a sword. Emperors are chosen for their fitness to rule, not for the weapons in their hands.”</p>

      <p>“Would that His Highness understood that, my lady,” said von Spitz.</p>

      <p>“Maybe then he wouldn’t risk angering the emperor with this ridiculous plan. He’s dancing along a cliff edge and he doesn’t even see it.”</p>

      <p>“His Highness is not renowned for his foresight,” von Spitz agreed.</p>

      <p>“Burn that,” Aura said. “I don’t want to look at it.”</p>

      <p>“At once, my lady.” Von Spitz tossed the letter into the nearby fireplace, then produced a slip of red paper and threw that in as well. A small column of flame flared in the grate. By the time it subsided, only ashes remained. Von Spitz looked back at Aura to find her frowning.</p>

      <p>“That was a waste of a spirit seal,” she said.</p>

      <p>“I could not allow the slightest scrap to remain,” von Spitz replied. “Should someone learn that you had burned a royal letter, there is no telling what might happen. I will not risk endangering your person.”</p>

      <p>Aura’s brow furrowed. “Fine. I’ll write to Frieden for more. At Prince Brutahl’s expense, of course. Will twenty do?”</p>

      <p>“You needn’t trouble yourself, my lady,” von Spitz said. “One spirit seal is no great loss.”</p>

      <p>His statement was not entirely accurate. One spirit seal commanded a price of three golden grantzes. A typical commoner in the Grantzian Empire could expect to earn three silver dratzes for a day’s labor, so with ten silver gratzes to the grantz, and ten silver dratzes to the gratz, three grantzes represented a sum most citizens could never afford. Nonetheless, Frieden—the Spirit King’s sanctum—saw an endless stream of visitors both rich and poor in search of spirit seals to cure one disease or another.</p>

      <p>For all that, the likelihood that a commoner could ever purchase a spirit seal was low. Frieden only produced between eighty and one hundred per day, the vast majority of which were snapped up by the royal family or the great houses. What few did make their way to the public marketplace were often hiked up to twice their original price.</p>

      <p>“Besides,” von Spitz continued, “we have enough seals in reserve to last us through this mission.”</p>

      <p>On account of their rarity and cost, spirit seals were most commonly saved for use in battle against wielders of spirit weapons. Nobody in the land wasted them on burning letters. Even a royal would risk financial ruin with such extravagance, and House Spitz, although hardly impoverished, was by no means wealthy. To Laurence Alfred von Spitz, however, one spirit seal was a small price to pay to keep his beloved mistress safe. <em>For you, I’d gladly lead my house to ruin</em>, he thought.</p>

      <p>Aura gave an exasperated sigh, but then her face turned serious. “This isn’t a pleasure trip,” she said. “We’re here because this village is only a stone’s throw from the Gurinda Mark.”</p>

      <p>Indeed, the Gurinda border lay only a few dozen sel to the south of Segen.</p>

      <p>“Do you mean to attack, my lady?” von Spitz asked.</p>

      <p>“No. Too rash. Besides, we don’t have any justification for it. Both our heads would roll.”</p>

      <p>Von Spitz frowned. “Then why are we here?”</p>

      <p>“To speak with the sixth princess.”</p>

      <p>“I can’t imagine Her Highness will simply accede to our demands.”</p>

      <p>“Then we’ll turn around and go home,” said Aura.</p>

      <p>Von Spitz knew she meant it. If the sixth princess turned her away, she would return to Prince Brutahl...where she would have to answer for her failure. “His Highness wishes the sixth princess dead, my lady,” he reminded her.</p>

      <p>“And what do you think would happen if he got his wish?” Aura asked.</p>

      <p>Von Spitz thought for a moment. “His Imperial Majesty would be furious,” he said. “Prince Brutahl may even lose his head.”</p>

      <p>“Lævateinn wielders are few and far between,” Aura agreed. “The emperor would punish his son harshly for his indiscretion.”</p>

      <p>“Regardless, if we were to disobey a prince’s direct order, our lives would be forfeit.”</p>

      <p>“That’s why we need to buy time until the emperor returns. Then Prince Brutahl will have to give up on this nonsense.”</p>

      <p>The imperial throne in Cladius currently sat unoccupied. Following the breakdown of the armistice with Faerzen, the emperor had taken the first prince and led a second invasion over the western border. Prince Brutahl’s opportunity to dispose of his younger sister would only last as long as his father’s absence. Once the emperor returned, Brutahl would be forced to concede defeat, but his anger at his failure would undoubtedly fall on Aura’s head. <em>I must avoid that at all costs</em>, von Spitz thought to himself, even as he pretended to agree with his mistress.</p>

      <p>“I see,” he said. “How should we proceed, then?”</p>

      <p>“First, write a letter to Margrave von Gurinda,” Aura said. “Don’t worry about the details. They don’t really matter.” With that, she lowered her eyes and returned to the world of her book.</p>

      <p>Von Spitz left the parlor, leaned back against the door, and heaved a sigh.</p>

      <p>“So it falls to me, then,” he murmured. Aura could be fiercely stubborn when the mood took her. Once she got like this, she wouldn’t change her mind, no matter what. He bowed his head to the closed door and made his way out of the manor.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>