<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>The Mythical Hero’s Otherworld Chronicles: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>He wondered if Artheus would be gone when he looked back, but he was still there, his eyes sparkling with amusement.</p>

      <p>“All right. I get it,” Hiro said. “This is a dream.”</p>

      <p>That was the only explanation. He was supposed to be on a battlefield outside of Berg Fortress. Most telling of all, Artheus was a thousand years old. In present-day Aletia, he had long since passed away. Was it possible that Hiro was dead too, and this was the afterlife? It would certainly explain Artheus’s presence...</p>

      <p>Artheus gave a wry smile as Hiro grew increasingly worried. “I sympathize with your confusion, Held. In your place, I too would be tempted to believe thus. Alas...” He fell silent and pointed at Hiro’s chest. Hiro looked down to see a faint light emanating from beneath his blazer.</p>

      <p>“What the...?”</p>

      <p>He unbuttoned his uniform and rifled around in his pocket. His hand emerged holding a blank piece of stiff paper about the size of a bookmark—the very same one Artheus had given him a thousand years ago.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know how much your dream self knows about this, but...what is it? A spirit seal?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” Artheus replied. “Of a sort.”</p>

      <p>“It doesn’t look like any spirit seal I’ve seen before. And I’ve been through a lot of books.”</p>

      <p>“It is a singular piece. One I fashioned from a singular spirit bequeathed to me by the Spirit King. It is understandable that you might not recognize it.”</p>

      <p>“Does it have anything to do with those dreams I keep having?” Hiro asked.</p>

      <p>“What you converse with now are but lingering echoes I once bound within it. My only memories are those from before you returned to your Earth. All I can say is that your presence here can only mean something has triggered the seal. Something has gone awry...and I am no longer there to address it.”</p>

      <p>A flicker of sadness passed across Artheus’s face for a moment, but then it was gone, replaced by boyish curiosity. “So, to what era were you summoned? Were you surprised by what you found?”</p>

      <p>“A thousand years in the future. Surprise is certainly one word for it.”</p>

      <p>Artheus laughed. “A thousand years! The mind spins to think of it!”</p>

      <p>“You’re telling me,” Hiro said. “I still can’t believe it myself.”</p>

      <p>“Remarkable. To think the Time of Turning would fall so distant...”</p>

      <p>“The Time of Turning? What’s that?”</p>

      <p>Artheus ignored him. “Ah, Held, truly interesting times are upon us. Would that I could enjoy them myself. Sadly, my soul is not so free as yours.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, don’t talk over me,” Hiro protested. “Can you just tell me what you’re on about? I don’t get any of this.”</p>

      <p>“Pay it no mind. You will understand in time.”</p>

      <p>“Why are you always like this?”</p>

      <p>“I fear it’s in my nature. In any case, there is but one direction I may give you. ‘Live life as you please.’ Only that.” Artheus rose from his throne and gazed up into space, throwing his arms wide as if to embrace the white void. “The world is vast, Held, and new possibilities spring eternal! May you walk a path of your own choosing! May you ever chase new horizons! May you live free and hunger for all that is!”</p>

      <p>He strode up to Hiro and pressed a fist against his chest.</p>

      <p>“No brother of mine could do less. You struggle to see your own worth, Held. That always was a failing of yours. Well, I tell you now: it is in you to surpass all kings in power, and in grandeur, and in might. Such possibilities, I cast at your feet. You need only stoop to claim them.”</p>

      <p>With a grin, he clapped Hiro on both shoulders.</p>

      <p>“I will be watching, brother. The path you walk. The future you forge.”</p>

      <p>With his piece apparently said, Artheus resettled himself imperiously on his throne. He raised his right hand towards Hiro, palm extended.</p>

      <p>“Now, the time has come for you to awaken.”</p>

      <p>“What, already? You give me a lecture and then just say goodbye?”</p>

      <p>“Rather vexing, is it not, to be treated so?” A smile played across Artheus’s lips.</p>

      <p>Hiro could only shrug. There was nothing much he could say to that. Artheus had hit the nail on the head. A thousand years ago, when Hiro had abruptly decided to return to Earth, Artheus’s pleas had fallen on deaf ears. Hiro had never even given him a reason for leaving. He had no right to chastise him now.</p>

      <p>He still had countless questions, but now that Artheus was acting affronted, he was unlikely to get any straight answers. Knowing that, he asked the simplest and most honest question, the one that was foremost in his mind.</p>

      <p>“Is this goodbye for real, then?”</p>

      <p>“One might argue it was never a true reunion. After all, I am nothing more than the ghost of a memory.”</p>

      <p>Hiro fell silent for a moment. “Yeah. I guess you are.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, I doubt we will ever meet again. Yet before you go—” Artheus stopped, then sighed. “Time is upon us, I fear.”</p>

      <p>He pointed to what passed for the sky. Hiro’s gaze followed his finger. Above them, a black shadow had appeared in the void. Its dark stain was spreading through their featureless world with increasing speed.</p>

      <p>Arthur turned back to Hiro with the barest hint of a smile. “...you will...the truth...not tread falsely...your will...this, I believe...”</p>

      <p>His voice was hard to make out. It was breaking up. The darkness accelerated, swallowing Hiro’s vision. Artheus’s figure dissolved like morning mist.</p>

      <p><em>Goodbye, brother. For the last time.</em></p>

      <p>When next he opened his eyes, it was to the sight of an unfamiliar ceiling. The sterile smell of medicine pricked at his nostrils as his mind stirred awake. A soft warmth enveloped his body. He reluctantly forced himself to sit upright. Looking around, he found that color had returned to the world. Shelves of tinctures and tonics lined the walls, lent a silver sheen by the moonlight filtering through the window. He must have been in some kind of infirmary.</p>

      <p>Glad to have a better grasp of the situation, he looked down to find Liz sleeping peacefully by his bedside. He smiled fondly and draped his blanket over her shoulders.</p>

      <p><em>And so I wake from my dream</em>, he thought idly.</p>

      <p>He made to stand up, but the moment he set his feet on the floor, the world wobbled crazily. The room spun around him as though he were rolling his eyes. His back struck the floor with a loud <em>thump</em>.</p>

      <p>“Agh!” he cried. The breath blasted out of his lungs. As he lay there groaning, something hot rose up his throat. He clapped his hands to his mouth, but to no avail. Vomit sprayed across the floor. Hiro’s face grew pale, and he began to hyperventilate.</p>

      <p><em>My eye... Something’s wrong. Why...?</em></p>

      <p>A vast flood of information surged into his brain through his left eye. He tried to stop it, but it wouldn’t listen. It was taking in everything in sight, and his brain was buckling under the weight. The sight persisted even with his eyelids closed. This had never happened before. It was deeply unsettling not to know what was happening to his own body.</p>

      <p>“Hiro?!” Liz’s eyes flew open as she took notice of his distress. She ran to his side and started rubbing his back. “Just hold on! Somebody, help!”</p>

      <p>Tris, who had been standing guard outside, was the first to arrive. “What’s the matter, Your Highness?!” he asked. His eyes flicked first to Liz, then to Hiro. Seeing immediately that something was wrong, he ran back out into the corridor. “I will fetch the doctor!”</p>

      <p>“Thank you!” Liz called after him. “Bring him quick!”</p>

      <p>Vomit splattered her clothes, but she paid it no mind as she laid Hiro’s head to rest on her knees. She produced a cloth and gently wiped his mouth.</p>

      <p>“Everything will be all right. Just settle down, take some deep breaths...”</p>

      <p>Hiro’s vomiting slowed to a dribble. As likely as not, he had thrown up everything in his stomach.</p>

      <p>“Say, Hiro. Can I tell you something?”</p>

      <p>She whispered to him in motherly tones, hoping to distract him. It seemed to work—he responded to her voice—but as his head shifted to look up at her, she saw that the pupil of his left eye was unnaturally dilated and its sclera was red with blood. She almost screamed but clapped her hands over her mouth just in time. It felt as if he were staring into her very soul. A shiver ran up her spine, but she resisted it. This was no time to be squeamish. She had to do what she could to relieve his suffering.</p>

      <p>“You know,” she said, forcing a smile, “I can’t tell you how much you surprised me when I first saw you.”</p>

      <p>Their meeting in the Anfang Forest flashed through her mind. She had returned from her bath to find Cerberus locked in a standoff with a boy about her age. A strange boy with black hair and black eyes, just like...</p>

      <p>“You were just how I’d always imagined the second emperor would look.”</p>

      <p>Of all the emperors in the empire’s long history, only the second had no surviving portraits. His appearance was a mystery. One could only imagine his visage from what was written in legend. Even his statue in Frieden was constructed based on written accounts rather than the man himself.</p>

      <p>“Did I ever tell you? Emperor Schwartz... He’s my inspiration.”</p>

      <p>Even at a young age, Liz had preferred swords to dolls. Everything a man could do, she was determined to do better. It was not nursery rhymes she begged her mother to read before bed, but tales of the Twelve Divines. In the military nation of the Grantzian Empire, the second emperor had commanded astounding popularity among the people for centuries; for a young girl with military aspirations, he made for a natural exemplar.</p>

      <p>“I trained my hardest every day. No matter how much they told me it wasn’t ‘appropriate.’ No matter how much they looked down on me for being a girl.”</p>

      <p>At first she had dreamed of being a soldier, then a general, then a high general. As she grew, so did her ambitions. Those around her laughed her off, never believing her efforts would amount to anything—until Lævateinn blessed her with its favor, and all of a sudden her fortune turned.</p>

      <p>The first to approach her had been the head of one of the empire’s five great houses, House Kelheit. With his influence over the eastern territories, his endorsement encouraged many lesser nobles to follow suit. Liz’s rise grew so meteoric that it threatened the other imperial heirs until the assassination of the head of House Kelheit brought it all crashing down around her ears. Before she knew what had happened, all of her supporters had deserted her but Tris and Dios.</p>

      <p>“That was when the news came about my reassignment. I needed to clear my head, so I went to the spring in the Anfang Forest, and...”</p>

      <p>And there she had found him. The mirror image of the second emperor she so admired.</p>

      <p>With a gentle smile, she laid a hand against Hiro’s cheek. His breathing was still pained, but it seemed less ragged than before. His eyes softened a little as he looked up at her.</p>

      <p>“You know, Hiro...I have a dream.”</p>

      <p>At that moment, footsteps thundered down the corridor. Voices rang outside the door.</p>

      <p>“Can you go no faster?! The whelp’s life hangs in the balance!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t you rush me, young man! I’m not as spry as I used to be!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll carry you if I must!”</p>

      <p>“What are you—? Eaagh!”</p>

      <p>Liz smiled awkwardly, then leaned close to Hiro’s ear so her whisper would not be lost. Perhaps he already knew what she would say. Certainly, no surprise showed on his face.</p>

      <p>It was a daring dream she dreamed, to say the least. She had chosen for herself no easy road.</p>

      <p>The light of the moon fell upon her face as she drew away, suffusing her beauty with its silver glow.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>