<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>This is Isle Osaki. Thank you for picking up volume eight of <em>Zero Believers</em>. This volume was about the Northern Front Plan. We were in Highland again for the first time since volume four, and we visited (the ruins of) Furiae’s home, Laphroaig. That means we’ve explored six countries on the continent. I enjoyed writing this volume because it felt like a journey—Furiae has really come into her own as a true heroine.</p>

      <p>I also got to add some of Makoto’s junior high adventurers. I’d wanted to include the story in the web version, but I ended up abandoning it. It’s part of his dark history. And, since his whole class was sent to the new world, it’s easier to fit in this kind of story. I really enjoyed it. I wanted to include even more of his classmates, but I’m currently at my limit for those characters.</p>

      <p>Finally, I apologize to my editor, N, for always working right up until the deadline. Thank you to Tam-U for the ever-adorable illustrations of the heroines. Hakuto Shiroi draws the manga, which is getting more and more interesting now that Sasa has shown up. I also want to thank all of our readers across the web version, published version, and manga version. I hope you will continue to enjoy <em>Zero Believers</em>.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>