<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Chat with a Goddess (Volume 8)</h2>

      <p>“I’m heading back,” Ira said. Now that she’d given her confident declaration that we could win against Iblis, she stood, stretched her limbs, and moved to leave.</p>

      <p>“Oh, already?” Eir asked.</p>

      <p>“Hey! We’re celebrating Makoto’s victory,” Noah said. “You should stay.”</p>

      <p>The pair of them each grabbed one of Ira’s arms.</p>

      <p>“L-Let me go!” Ira protested.</p>

      <p>“Come on! Calm down.”</p>

      <p>“Over here.”</p>

      <p>Then, the two goddesses began dragging their smaller compatriot along.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ A Few Dozen Minutes Later ◇</p>

      <p>“Why does being the Goddess of Fate make me so busy?!”</p>

      <p>Ira was completely...<em>gone</em>. Red-faced, she slammed her now-empty cocktail glass down onto the tabletop.</p>

      <p>“Oh no... She’s ranting,” Noah remarked.</p>

      <p>Eir shrugged. “Well, she’s got a lot of stress built up.”</p>

      <p>In contrast to how sloshed Ira was, the other two goddesses were gracefully drinking wine. As for me—</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki! Are you listening to me?!”</p>

      <p>“I-I am.”</p>

      <p>—I was stuck with Ira.</p>

      <p><em>Help!</em></p>

      <p>I looked at the other two, but they just smiled back, wishing me luck with their grins.</p>

      <p>Wasn’t this supposed to be a celebration for <em>me</em>?!</p>

      <p>“Why?!” Ira raved. “I correct it and correct it again, but history keeps changing strangely! What’s going on?!”</p>

      <p>“Th-That sounds tough.”</p>

      <p>“Also...! Why’s it <em>my</em> job to give the mortal races skills?! There are other goddesses, so why can’t we split it up?! Right?!” Her pained face now turned toward Eir.</p>

      <p>“Well, you’re the only one with the right to give skills,” Eir pointed out. “It’s a cushy job, right?”</p>

      <p>I was impressed that Eir managed to smile back and answer so calmly.</p>

      <p>“Wait, so you gave me my <em>Water Magic</em> and <em>RPG Player</em> skills?” My troubles in the Water Temple suddenly rushed back to the fore. <em>If this fun-sized goddess had given me stronger skills, I would be invincible...</em></p>

      <p>“Nope, that wasn’t Ira,” explained Noah. “I might not have mentioned it before, but otherworlders are given skills at random when they arrive—Ira doesn’t choose them.”</p>

      <p>“Yep!” exclaimed Eir. “Irrie investigates them and writes down the explanations in their Soul Books. It’s just a coincidence that a lot of otherworlders get weird or strong skills.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” That was indeed what I’d been told in the Water Temple. Guess I’d just gotten unlucky.</p>

      <p>“Bizarre skills just give me even more work...” Ira griped. “And this time there was even a <em>Class Change</em>...” Her face twisted, and she was clearly recalling some bad memories.</p>

      <p>Huh. There was a skill called a <em>Class Change</em>...?</p>

      <p>Still, Ira seemed totally run-down. I’d imagined that she would have a way nicer lifestyle—after all, she was the goddess of a rich country like Cameron.</p>

      <p>“Well, it’s all good,” said Noah. “I mean, I was so bored until Makoto came along.”</p>

      <p>“Roses is pretty small, so I don’t have to do much,” Eir admitted.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, Eir, all you do is hang around here with me. You should do your job.”</p>

      <p>“It’s fiiiine. Besides, you’re lonely.”</p>

      <p>“I am not. Go back to Roses already.”</p>

      <p>“No way! Dun wanna...”</p>

      <p>“You’re such...” Noah trailed off, exasperated. “Well, whatever. What’re we playing, then? MomoTetsu?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, a hundred-year match.”</p>

      <p>“Again?”</p>

      <p>The two of them started setting up their game. They were like uni students with too much time on their hands...</p>

      <p>Across the space, Ira was staring at them bitterly. I thought she looked sorta upset, so I poured her a glass of the most expensive-looking drink I could find and then slid it in front of her.</p>

      <p>She looked at it, a confused gasp escaping her lips.</p>

      <p>“What’s this for?”</p>

      <p>“Good work making the Northern Front Plan a success. Let’s keep this momentum going against Iblis.”</p>

      <p>A lot of unforeseen things had cropped up, but without Ira’s <em>Future Sight</em>, even the initial plan would have been difficult to execute. We really needed her to keep the predictions coming.</p>

      <p>She looked blank for a second and was probably reading my mind because the next moment, her expression turned happy.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki... You’re a better person than I thought.” Red-faced still, she pulled me by the shoulder. “So... Why don’t you leave Noah and become mine?”</p>

      <p>“Well...” I fumbled for a refusal. “I...appreciate the offer.” I could hardly accept it, though.</p>

      <p>“Hey! No poaching my believer!” Noah cut in, her sharp ears picking up the conversation.</p>

      <p>“I’m her only one, after all,” I added.</p>

      <p>“I suppose that’s true,” Ira said, releasing my shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Come on you two! Join in!” Eir cheered, dragging us in front of the console. I hadn’t known what to expect...but it definitely wasn’t the original PlayStation.</p>

      <p><em>S-So retro...</em></p>

      <p>“I don’t have time for games!” Ira protested, but eventually, she joined in.</p>

      <p>It’d been a while since I’d played a full-length game of MomoTetsu, so in the end, I had a lot of fun.</p>

      <h2>Keiko Kawakita and Aya Sasaki’s Gossip</h2>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Keiko Kawakita’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, do you remember what we did back then?”</p>

      <p>“Nope, completely forgotten.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll tell you <em>exactly</em> what happened! Back in junior high—”</p>

      <p>“I <em>want</em> to forget! Why are you digging into my dark past?!”</p>

      <p>It looked like Ryousuke and Takatsuki were chatting happily. Ryousuke could be friendly with anyone, but it was rare to see him actually teasing someone like that. It felt like there was a different sense of distance between the two of them. <em>They are closer than I remember...</em></p>

      <p>“What’s up, Saki? You’re staring,” Aya pointed out, peering at my face. She’d come here with Takatsuki. The two of them were even dating now.</p>

      <p>“I was just thinking—those two are close. We all went to the same junior high, but I never noticed.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s surprising, right? They seem different when they’re talking together.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right... I don’t think I’ve ever seen Ryousuke so unreserved with anyone but Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>Even in our old world, a lot of people had relied on Ryousuke—now, he had the heavy responsibility of being a hero <em>and</em> a commander of a knight division. I was used to him being steadfast and ready for action, but seeing him this relaxed was unusual.</p>

      <p><em>He doesn’t even look like that when he’s with me...</em></p>

      <p>Takatsuki was one of his closest friends... So much so that there would be no other to replace him.</p>

      <p>“It sorta feels like we can’t be part of men’s friendships like that...” Aya murmured. She then turned to me, concern visible on her face. “Saki, what’s up?”</p>

      <p><em>She’s always so sharp.</em></p>

      <p>“Well... I was really awful to Takatsuki at the Water Temple...” I mumbled.</p>

      <p>“Awful?”</p>

      <p>I took a breath and began to explain what’d happened. Right after we’d arrived, Ryousuke had invited Takatsuki with us to Highland. But I’d glared at Takatsuki before he could answer, wordlessly demanding that he decline Ryousuke’s offer. I’d thought that an apprentice mage would be a burden since his skills were all so weak. Looking back on it now, I’d been acting so selfish. We’d all been helpless in this new world.</p>

      <p>Aya just listened.</p>

      <p><em>Hang on, </em>I realized after a moment.<em> She’s Takatsuki’s girlfriend! This’ll definitely piss her off! </em>I knew I had to apologize, but then I looked at her expression.</p>

      <p>She seemed...grateful?</p>

      <p>“Oh! So it was thanks to you that Takatsuki and I got to meet again!” she exclaimed. She explained that if he had gone with Ryousuke, the two of them wouldn’t have been able to meet in Labyrinthos.</p>

      <p>Which meant...she wasn’t angry at all.</p>

      <p>Still...I needed to apologize to Takatsuki.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“U-Um! Takatsuki, I want to talk,” I said, pulling him aside on our way back to the infirmary. Aya had already gone on ahead.</p>

      <p>“Kawakita? Sasa said she had something to do, so she already left.”</p>

      <p><em>No! I said I wanted to talk to you!</em></p>

      <p>“Do you mind coming with me for a bit?” I asked. There were a lot of people around the entrance to the infirmary, so I wanted to go someplace with less of a crowd.</p>

      <p>“Um...” He seemed baffled. “Y’know, I don’t have any money on me...”</p>

      <p>“I’m not trying to take your money!” Why would he even think that?! What kind of image did he have of me?! <em>He’s a bit of an airhead, isn’t he...? Well, whatever, I can still do what I came here for.</em></p>

      <p>I summoned my courage and just came out with it. “Takatsuki! I want to apologize for being so awful to you at the Water Temple. I’m sorry!” I bowed my head.</p>

      <p>He paused for a long moment, and then...</p>

      <p>“Uh?”</p>

      <p>So, I explained it again. I was sure he was going to look down on me, or get angry, so I kept my eyes on the ground as I spoke. But when I finished and flicked my gaze back up, I saw him shrug.</p>

      <p>“Nah, it was a good thing you stopped me. If I’d gone with Sakurai, I wouldn’t have been able to meet Sasa again.”</p>

      <p>Huh. He’d said the same thing as Aya.</p>

      <p>“You’re...not angry?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Nope, I’m grateful.” His expression was honest, not simply one of consideration. He must’ve truly felt that way.</p>

      <p><em>Seriously, Aya, you sure are special to him.</em></p>

      <p>“You sure love Aya, huh?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Since junior high,” he admitted.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh... Right!” We’d been in the same school, but I hadn’t noticed at all. “What started it, by the way?”</p>

      <p>“Well, she came over to my place, and...”</p>

      <p>I’d come here to apologize, and now we were just talking romance. I might have gotten a little overexcited. We spent a long time in conversation before Aya came out, yelling and asking us what was going on.</p>

      <h2>The Musings of the Soleil Knights’ Commander</h2>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Commander Owain’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>The fight against the demon lord had been teetering on the precipice of disaster, but overall, our strategy had won the day. The Hero of Light, Sir Sakurai, had gained much for Highland with his victory over Zagan.</p>

      <p>Yet, I still had one concern: the Hero of Roses, Makoto Takatsuki.</p>

      <p>I’d received a mass of orders and requests from nobles—all were instructing me to bring him over to Highland. After all, he had defeated the Undead King in Springrogue and contributed heavily to the fight against Zagan. No one had influenced the fight more than he had, and the greedy Highland aristocrats would never overlook that. Their plans would see him joining the Soleil Knights and wedding some noble girls.</p>

      <p>There was a large problem with that plan though.</p>

      <p>Makoto Takatsuki was already engaged to Princess Sophia of Roses, and trying to court the Hero of Roses out from under her would almost certainly invite her displeasure. As things stood, there was already a wide disparity between our two nations. Our military support of Roses would make it possible to annul the betrothal...but that wasn’t my job.</p>

      <p>And regardless of anything else, Lady Noelle was close with Princess Sophia, and she was against it.</p>

      <p>The same nobles then clamored about using the country’s vast wealth to lure him to us. However, Makoto Takatsuki was currently the State-Authorized Hero of Roses. While State-Authorized Heroes were supported in various ways by their countries, the prevailing view was that Roses—being smaller—could not offer as much support as the larger countries could. I had tasked my subordinates with investigating what compensation the Hero of Rose received.</p>

      <p>“So?”</p>

      <p>“Their support...is almost nonexistent.”</p>

      <p>“What?” I asked, not completely understanding.</p>

      <p>“While the Roses royal family is paying for his accommodation, the Hero of Roses rarely ever uses the house. He makes no use of expensive weapons or armor, nor has he ever made a request to the Roses royal family for aid. Tempting him financially is likely to be difficult...”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>I sighed. If he were a particularly avaricious person, then it might’ve been possible to get him to Highland, but that did not seem to be the case.</p>

      <p>“Was there any <em>useful</em> information?”</p>

      <p>“Well, there<em> is</em> something he’s mentioned time and again...”</p>

      <p>I perked up in interest. “Oh! Out with it!” <em>Perhaps this might be the thing to win him over...</em></p>

      <p>“The Hero of Roses wants to clear the final dungeon, the Seafloor Temple.”</p>

      <p>“I...see.” I gave another sigh, this time in despair.</p>

      <p>There were three so-called “final dungeons” where mankind had yet to tread. The Seafloor Temple was the harshest. It was exceedingly difficult to stay alive within its walls...or so the stories said.</p>

      <p>I was curious about <em>why</em> he wanted to beat it...however, with our efforts focused on the Great Demon Lord, we could not spare the forces to aid him.</p>

      <p><em>So there’s no way...</em></p>

      <p>But then, more concerns arrived.</p>

      <p>“Oh? What’s wrong, Commander? You look troubled.”</p>

      <p>“G-Grandsage?! What brings you here?”</p>

      <p>Out of nowhere, the strongest person in the country had teleported into the room.</p>

      <p>“I have heard some odd rumors,” she stated. “There seem to be plans to bring the elementalist into Highland by any means necessary. Are they true?”</p>

      <p>“There are...many who wish for that.”</p>

      <p>She scoffed. “I wouldn’t bother. It would be a waste of time.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean? Are you against it?”</p>

      <p>“No.” She paused for a moment, then grinned. “Well, you’ll understand soon enough.”</p>

      <p>And with that ominous sentiment, she popped away just as quickly as she had appeared.</p>

      <p>The Grandsage was awfully fond of him, and yet she was not giving ridiculous orders for me to poach him. What was she thinking...? My headache was growing more and more pronounced.</p>

      <p>“Commander, we have news,” one of my subordinates announced as he entered the room.</p>

      <p>“What is it now?! If it isn’t urgent, then come back at a later—”</p>

      <p>“The Hero of Roses is heading for the Seafloor Temple! I thought I should report—”</p>

      <p>“What?!” I demanded, shooting up with a clatter.</p>

      <p>“That’s an issue, right?”</p>

      <p>“Of course it is! Keep him in the capital until the award ceremony is complete!” I ordered hurriedly.</p>

      <p><em>It seems I can’t predict him at all...</em></p>

      <p>I let out a deep sigh.</p>

      <h2>The Priestess of the Moon’s Irritation</h2>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Furiae’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>My knight, Makoto Takatsuki, had defeated the demon lord alongside the Hero of Light. That was something to be celebrated—even I thought so.</p>

      <p>However...</p>

      <p>“Sir Takatsuki, it is an honor to meet you.”</p>

      <p>“I spotted your distinguished figure amongst the crowd at a previous banquet...but I did not have the time to talk.”</p>

      <p>“When will you be discharged? If you are in need of lodging—”</p>

      <p>“No, no, I insist you come to me first...”</p>

      <p>A group of noble girls from Highland had surrounded him. They all wanted to get in close to the man who had worked so hard to defeat the demon lord.</p>

      <p>“I, ah, appreciate the offer...” He was smiling vaguely as he floundered. Since they were all aristocrats, he was trying to turn them down without causing offense.</p>

      <p><em>He can just say it bluntly...</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, two more women approached the group.</p>

      <p>“I apologize, but he is the Hero of <em>Roses</em>—please go through our royal family if you wish to discuss matters.”</p>

      <p>“I cannot imagine that you are all attempting to force him to abandon his prior agreements with the Ballantine family.”</p>

      <p>With those few words, Princess Sophia and Janet Ballantine drove them off. The noble girls all offered hasty apologies as they fled.</p>

      <p>Since the battle, this had been a common sight.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Sophia, Janet.” A pathetic amount of relief was evident in his tone.</p>

      <p>“Despite your bravery against the demon lord, you are weak to women,” Princess Sophia stated. “Perhaps I should spend the rest of the day with you?”</p>

      <p>“Now wait just a moment!” exclaimed Janet. “I came here to see him too! You cannot monopolize him.”</p>

      <p>“You can see him whenever. Give up this time.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t have that much free time! It’s a lot of work to schedule an opportunity like this!”</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m busy being a royal!”</p>

      <p>“One of Highland’s noble daughters is far busier than a princess of such a small nation!”</p>

      <p>The two of them had begun to argue. Makoto Takatsuki was once again floundering.</p>

      <p><em>My knight, you could stop them in an instant!</em></p>

      <p>The mage sighed. “They’re fighting again.”</p>

      <p>“Come on, Sophie, Jen, make up,” added the warrior.</p>

      <p>“Very well...”</p>

      <p>“I suppose so...”</p>

      <p>This was another familiar sight. In the blink of an eye, Makoto Takatsuki was surrounded by women again.</p>

      <p>“What’s up, Fuu? You’ve got a weird look on your face,” the warrior said to me.</p>

      <p>“N-Nothing!”</p>

      <p>Right, it was nothing. I certainly wasn’t irritated at the throngs of women constantly surrounding my knight. His popularity had nothing to do with me. He and I were princess and guardian knight—our relationship was completely business.</p>

      <p>My knight suddenly wandered over, an absent look on his face. “What’s up, Princess? You feeling ill?”</p>

      <p>“I am not!” I exclaimed shrilly without meaning to.</p>

      <p>“Well, you’re definitely not in a good mood...”</p>

      <p><em>My outburst obviously made him suspicious.</em></p>

      <p>“What’s up with her?” he whispered to Lucy.</p>

      <p>“Maybe it’s <em>that time</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, I see.”</p>

      <p>Ugh. That definitely wasn’t the problem.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, Princess? I might not understand properly, but tell me if you’re struggling. I’m your guardian knight, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Makoto?!” Lucy panicked.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, learn some tact...” Aya sighed.</p>

      <p>“That’s not it!” I yelled in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>I fled the room, and when I finally halted, I slumped over.</p>

      <p><em>He fought so hard... I want to be kind to him... </em>Why couldn’t I be honest with my feelings?</p>

      <p><em>The next time we speak, I’ll be somewhat softer,</em> I promised myself.</p>

      <p>Still...it was never going to happen.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>