<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Her face was openly pleading, a far cry from the firm looks she’d given me the last time we’d met. I could tell just how bad the situation was—she was almost crying.</p>

      <p>“Calm down. Where is he?”</p>

      <p>“Over there. He’s been inside for half a day now... I don’t even know if he’s still...” She was pointing at the big dome in the middle of the battlefield.</p>

      <p><em>So I’ll need to go inside...</em></p>

      <p>“Come on, Takatsuki!”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>We moved closer to the black hemisphere. As we approached, the size became more and more overwhelming. It made me think of the Tokyo Dome, but I thought it might’ve actually been even bigger. As I tried to peer inside, I noticed something strange about the demons and people fighting around it.</p>

      <p>Our army—mostly the Soleil Knights—was fighting to protect it.</p>

      <p>“Why’s everyone guarding the black thing?” I asked Yokoyama.</p>

      <p>If Sakurai was stuck inside, then surely they should be destroying it...? Yokoyama had a pained look on her face as she answered.</p>

      <p>“The dome traps the Hero of Light inside. Our people can’t get through to join him since it’s one-way—it keeps him in and keeps the rest of our army out. But the worst thing is that monsters and demons <em>can</em> come in and out...so...”</p>

      <p>“I see. A conditional barrier. Still, calibrating it <em>just</em> for the Hero of Light seems pretty drastic. They did all of this just for him?”</p>

      <p>As I listened to Yokoyama’s explanation, I sorted through my memories. I’d learned about this in the Water Temple. Barrier magic was used to defend against attacks and corral your enemies. However, the stronger the attack or enemy was, the more mana a barrier required.</p>

      <p>That was inefficient, so there <em>were</em> conditions that could lessen the mana cost. Simply speaking, the caster could specialize the barrier, strengthening it against specific things—for example, it might strongly repel fire magic but be weak against water. In this case, one could have an extremely powerful fire barrier, stronger than a neutral one, while using the same amount of mana.</p>

      <p>This particular barrier apparently did the following:</p>

      <p>Kept the Hero of Light inside.</p>

      <p>Stopped mortal fighters and mages from entering (though they could leave if they somehow got inside).</p>

      <p>Allowed demons and monsters in and out.</p>

      <p>“Shouldn’t it be possible to break with time?” I asked. “Don’t the Soleil Knights have lots of skilled mages?”</p>

      <p>“We do, but it’s more complicated than that! The mages said it would take at least two days to break! The barrier is saint rank, so we need someone like the Grandsage or the Hero of Light in the sun.”</p>

      <p>“Man, this is bad...”</p>

      <p>The Grandsage was still on her way back from Symphonia, and the Hero of Light was sealed away. On top of that, <em>Clouds of Darkness</em> were blocking the sunlight.</p>

      <p>This was bad...really bad.</p>

      <p>“Is Sakurai the only one inside?”</p>

      <p>“No. At least a hundred people were escorting him at all times. He shouldn’t be <em>alone</em>, but most of the day has already passed and I don’t know whether the rest are...” Yokoyama trailed off ominously.</p>

      <p>“Right...”</p>

      <p>This was a harsh situation—we couldn’t be optimistic. As we spoke, we flew closer to the dome, approaching that pitch-black barrier. Even this close up, the surface was completely opaque, and I couldn’t see inside.</p>

      <p>I was considering launching a spell at the barrier, just to see how it reacted, when Yokoyama moved.</p>

      <p>“<em>Holy Sword: Light Slash</em>!”</p>

      <p>The attack was bigger than the one she’d used against the dragons, and it left a massive trail of light across my vision. Yet the moment it touched the barrier...it just faded away.</p>

      <p>“The attack was absorbed?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t know... The mages have never seen this before, and we haven’t analyzed it yet.”</p>

      <p><em>Then should you be attacking it like that?</em> Still, the look on her face was far from calm composure.</p>

      <p>A detail she’d mentioned stuck with me.</p>

      <p>“You know a lot about the barrier even though you haven’t been able to analyze it yet. Like, you know that it traps only the Hero of Light inside.”</p>

      <p>“Well...when it appeared, that Isaac guy from the Snake Sect explained everything. He laughed at us and said, ‘That barrier was made from scratch to contain the Hero of Light! You’ll never destroy it!’ Damn it!”</p>

      <p>“Him again...” That guy sure did like to monologue. I hadn’t caught sight of him here yet.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, you’re a mage, right? Can you...do anything?” She was almost crying—thick patches of darkness pooled under her eyes. <em>She probably hasn’t slept a wink since all of this happened.</em></p>

      <p>“Well, maybe if I...”</p>

      <p>I approached the barrier, pulling Noah’s dagger from its place at my hip. It was a divine instrument, so perhaps...</p>

      <p>I got closer. The water phoenix’s wing brushed the barrier and instantly vanished. <em>So it</em> does<em> absorb mana?!</em></p>

      <p>“Whoa!”</p>

      <p>My water phoenix collapsed, and just before I fell, Yokoyama caught me. I was now dangling upside down from her pegasus, her hand gripping one of my ankles tightly. <em>Whew, that was close.</em></p>

      <p>“Are you okay?!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Thanks, Yokoyama. Just a second.”</p>

      <p>I used Noah’s dagger to stab the barrier...but nothing seemed to happen. The blade passed through like it was being swallowed up.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“W-Wow!” Yokoyama exclaimed. “That thing might be able to destroy it!”</p>

      <p>“Hold on. It feels...”</p>

      <p>I waved her down some and tried to touch the barrier with my left hand—it passed through soundlessly.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“Whaaat?!”</p>

      <p><em>The barrier isn’t blocking me?!</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, Yokoyama?”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is it?” Her voice sounded strange. She seemed at her wit’s end.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t this barrier supposed to keep people out?”</p>

      <p>“U-Uh... That Isaac guy said it’s supposed to block people and keep demihuman fighters and mages out...”</p>

      <p>“Ah... Then I must be able to get through because I’m an apprentice mage...” The official description of my job in my Soul Book was <em>apprentice</em> mage. I wasn’t an actual mage.</p>

      <p>“Wha...? Aren’t you...a hero?”</p>

      <p>“That’s just a title the royal family of Roses gave me. In this world, I’m just an apprentice mage.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right... Th-That must be tough.” The look on her face was rather pitying.</p>

      <p><em>She probably didn’t imagine that an apprentice mage could be a State-Authorized Hero</em>, I heard Noah say<em>. Luckily, neither did the person who cast the barrier</em>.</p>

      <p>I mean, I <em>was</em> a State-Authorized Hero. Didn’t they know my job? <em>Come on, guys... </em>They should’ve seen this coming.</p>

      <p><em>It’s fine. That means you can get inside.</em></p>

      <p>Well, it does. Still...</p>

      <p>“I’ll head in now. You can let go,” I told Yokoyama. I was still hanging upside down with her hand wrapped around my ankle.</p>

      <p>“Uh, r-right... Look after Ryousuke.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ll save him.”</p>

      <p>“Be careful,” she said seriously.</p>

      <p>I gave her a small wave, and she released me. I fell through the air, and then...</p>

      <p>I was swallowed by the barrier.</p>

      <p><em>So dark. I can barely see...</em></p>

      <p><em>Night Vision</em>.</p>

      <p>It was as dark as midnight within the barrier. Still, there were <em>things</em> in here. I could see huge masses shifting in the gloom.</p>

      <p><em>Scout</em>.</p>

      <p>So many enemies... Every one of them was a calamity. I clocked more than a thousand.</p>

      <p><em>Stealth</em>.</p>

      <p>I cloaked myself. I had <em>no</em> desire to tangle with them—my primary goal was to find Sakurai.</p>

      <p><em>Listen</em>.</p>

      <p>I could hear fighting around me. I didn’t know who it was, but if they were battling monsters, then they were on Sakurai’s side. I moved quietly toward the sound.</p>

      <p><em>Calm Mind: 100%</em>.</p>

      <p>I didn’t have the energy to spare on fear as I passed through the packed throng of monsters. There was no time to second-guess—I just avoided my enemies and headed for the fighting. It was gradually getting louder.</p>

      <p><em>There!</em></p>

      <p>I saw a single swordsman fighting—they wore ashen armor and wielded a black sword. <em>Who is that...?</em> Countless monsters surrounded them, and the fighter was holding the monsters back...alone. That was some display of skill.</p>

      <p>I got closer and closer, and eventually, I could see them properly.</p>

      <p>Sakurai. He was covered in blood from head to toe.</p>

      <p>I yelled, headless of the monsters around us. “Sakurai!”</p>

      <p>He did not answer. His eyes were empty, almost like he was sleepwalking. The armor wasn’t actually ash gray—it was white. Dried blood had coated every inch. His sword was just the same, smeared in blood. He kept on swinging though, fighting alone against the press of monsters.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Great Whale</em>!”</p>

      <p>I used my <em>Right Arm of the Elemental</em>, creating a massive whale out of water and blasting the monsters away from him. It wasn’t an offensive spell, just something that bought time and distance.</p>

      <p>“Sakurai!” I yelled again.</p>

      <p>There was a long silence.</p>

      <p>“Taka...tsuki...?”</p>

      <p><em>Great, he reacted this time!</em></p>

      <p>“Are you injured?!” I asked, running up. As I did, I tried to see how badly he’d been wounded...but he didn’t seem to be physically hurt. All of the blood coating him seemed to have come from splashback.</p>

      <p>“How...are you...here?”</p>

      <p>“That doesn’t matter! Where are the others?!” Yokoyama had said that his escort was in here with him.</p>

      <p>His ragged, hoarse voice seemed to tear at his throat.</p>

      <p>“They’re. All. Dead.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“The seventh division...were all new knights. They were supposed to protect me and die in my place. I...<em>promised</em> them... I said...we’d all make it out... I said they wouldn’t need to die... But they all stood... Stood as my shields.”</p>

      <p>I was at a loss for words. That Sakurai was still sane...was honestly impressive.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I could hear footsteps—it was the monsters I’d blasted away, and more besides. Our enemies could come in and out of the barrier as they wished. Their numbers might increase in number...but they wouldn’t decrease.</p>

      <p>“I’m nearly out of mana,” he growled, voice heaving. “Reincarnation of the savior or not, without the sunlight, this is all I can do. If you can get out, you should... You don’t need to stay with me and— Mmph!”</p>

      <p>“Drink this!” I cut him off, shoving one of the elixirs from Fujiyan into his mouth.</p>

      <p>“Guh... What was—? Huh?”</p>

      <p>He was shining blue, and I could see his mana returning. <em>That</em> was the effect of an elixir.</p>

      <p>Sakurai gasped. “My stamina and mana... It’s all flooding back...”</p>

      <p>“Feeling better?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah...”</p>

      <p>“Okay then! <em>Water Magic: Great Whale</em>!”</p>

      <p>I blasted the monsters back again. They’d learned from the first time—a lot of them either dodged or just weathered the attack.</p>

      <p>“<em>Holy Sword: Light Slash</em>!”</p>

      <p>Sakurai cut them to shreds with beams of light. It was the same skill Yokoyama had used. <em>Nice one, matching with your wife.</em></p>

      <p>“I’m grateful to have my mana back...but I still can’t get out of here!” His voice had much more vigor now.</p>

      <p>Right...Yokoyama had said that the barrier was saint class. Our desperate situation was still just the same. I thought back to my conversation with Noah and the magic lessons I’d taken in the past—I’d learned a bit about breaking barriers, but the method...was a bit reckless.</p>

      <p><em>Well, let’s give it a go.</em></p>

      <p>I let <em>Calm Mind</em> drop away, took a deep breath, and called out in Elemanti. “××××××××××××××××××××××. (Elementals, elementals, come forth.)”</p>

      <p>The water elementals that had been waiting welled up. They were excited. I lifted my <em>Right Arm of the Elemental</em> in front of me, and even more of them gathered.</p>

      <p>“Let’s rip that barrier down,” I said, turning to Sakurai.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>