<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Makoto Takatsuki Heads to Laphroaig</h1>

      <p>“What?! The demons are attacking first?!” The prince of Highland screeched demandingly and stamped his foot on the meeting room floor. Was this posturing just hiding his unease?</p>

      <p>Everyone else had tense looks on their faces. Upon the notification that the demon armies were amassed and invading, all heroes, priestesses, royalty, and nobles were gathered once more. Furiae couldn’t get involved again, so she’d remained at the inn. Sasa and Lucy were staying back there to protect her, so she was probably safe.</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle then spoke, and the tension in her voice was evident. “Estelle, I need to confirm something.”</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Iblis has not yet been reborn, correct? You are sure of this?”</p>

      <p>“I am,” Estelle answered calmly. “The demons seem to be rushing somewhat.”</p>

      <p>“I cannot fathom it,” the Grandsage commented after a moment. She was propping her chin up on her hand and wearing a bored expression. “What need have they to rush?”</p>

      <p>“Who knows what goes through a filthy demon’s mind? This is an opportunity, though. It splits their fighting strength. Astaroth is not participating.” Estelle’s face was as unbothered as her voice, almost like the invasion was no big deal.</p>

      <p>“Astaroth... Well, that is fortunate,” the Grandsage replied. “The city would fall in a night if he really tried.”</p>

      <p>At those words, the atmosphere grew even heavier.</p>

      <p>“The strongest demon lord...” General Talisker murmured solemnly. “He’s said to be beyond even Abel the Savior’s strength...”</p>

      <p>“People put him on par with Iblis...but that must have been an exaggeration of history,” one of the Sacred Nobles suggested jokingly.</p>

      <p>“Astaroth is not involved!” snapped another. “To the point at hand—do we truly have no strategy against Zagan and Forneus?!”</p>

      <p>Estelle turned to gather the room’s attention. “On that note—”</p>

      <p>Before she could finish, the first prince interrupted, voice dripping with hatred. “Could you not foresee this, Lady Estelle?”</p>

      <p>“Prince Gaius,” she said coolly. “I <em>did</em> foresee this. However, I disclosed information to the bare minimum number of people in order to avoid needless chaos. His Majesty, His Holiness, the Grandsage, Princess Noelle, and the commander in chief of the Soleil Knights are all aware.”</p>

      <p>Her calmness made sense now.</p>

      <p>“So <em>I</em> wasn’t worth informing?” he sneered, lips twisting.</p>

      <p>Estelle grinned impudently back.</p>

      <p>“This invasion was foreseen. Iblis is not among our enemies—at this point, he has not returned, so that is naturally the case. Now is our chance to remove at least one of the three demon lords. My future sight has seen how the army will move. Commander Owain, General Talisker, I ask the two of you to collaborate on a strategy.”</p>

      <p>Impressed murmurs buzzed among the group. A strategy based on foresight was certainly a heartening idea.</p>

      <p>“I would like to hand this meeting over to Commander Owain to discuss said strategy. However, before that...” Estelle turned to Princess Noelle. “Lady Noelle, I offer you a piece of advice—take the Saint’s Trial immediately. You will pass as you are.”</p>

      <p>“But...I cannot leave the capital in this current situation... Besides, I undertook it half a year ago but was unable to receive guidance from Althena.”</p>

      <p>In their brief conversation, I’d picked out a phrase I hadn’t heard before. I turned to Princess Sophia by my side. “What’s the Saint’s Trial?” I whispered.</p>

      <p>“You know that one of Abel the Savior’s companions was Saint Anna, correct? She was the Priestess of the Sun to begin with, but after overcoming trials from Althena, she became a saint who saved Abel. Princess Noelle has taken those trials several times—”</p>

      <p>“But hasn’t passed them yet?”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia gave a small nod.</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle was next in line to the throne and was high up in the church as well. She must have had just as much work as (if not more than) Princess Sophia, but she was still undertaking trials...</p>

      <p>“Can’t another priestess do it?” I asked. Surely someone like Estelle could complete the trials rather than piling yet more onto Princess Noelle’s plate.</p>

      <p>“The saint has to be bound to the Hero of Light,” replied Princess Sophia with a shake of her head.</p>

      <p><em>Ah...yeah. Estelle won’t work then.</em> It had to be Princess Noelle, who shared a bond with Sakurai.</p>

      <p>While she and I were talking, the meeting had moved on to the next topic. Talk of the trials must have been postponed.</p>

      <p>“I shall now discuss the forces of our alliance that will meet the demon lord’s army,” came a deep, carrying voice. This voice belonged to Owain Bladnoch, the commander in chief of Highland’s armies.</p>

      <p>“Firstly, Sir Sakurai, Grandsage, please head to the north of Cameron, to the Begg Coast. Zagan’s main force should be there.”</p>

      <p>He’d dropped that important information out of practically nowhere. I was just thinking about how I couldn’t ignore it when I suddenly felt a tap on my shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Highland and Great Keith are having their strategies presented in order. Roses will likely be last,” Princess Sophia murmured into my ear.</p>

      <p>Militarily, Roses was the weakest, so we would present after everyone else. That meant I’d probably be called upon last as well.</p>

      <p>“Wait! Why must the Hero of Light sortie in the opening moves?! He should be in the capital while the advance forces whittle down the demons’ numbers!” cried Prince Gaius.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I suppose it’s a sensible question</em>, I thought as I watched him. Honestly, I agreed—wasn’t it too risky to use our trump card right away?</p>

      <p>“Our enemy will think the same thing,” Estelle answered. “They will not imagine that we would place the savior’s reincarnation in the first wave of forces. Zagan would ordinarily be behind all of his troops...but not now. We cannot let this opportunity pass.”</p>

      <p>There was a pause.</p>

      <p>“And if Zagan is absent?” the prince asked.</p>

      <p>“He will be there. My foresight showed that clearly.”</p>

      <p>“So we need not necessarily—”</p>

      <p>“A careless warrior will merely strengthen our enemies. Additionally, if the demon lord is injured, he will retreat and hide away. From what I have seen, this is our only chance to deal a fatal blow to Zagan.”</p>

      <p>A much longer pause followed.</p>

      <p>“Very well,” Prince Gauis conceded, seeming convinced. Once fate magic and future foresight came out, arguing was pointless.</p>

      <p>Owain eyed the group once more. “Are we done? Very well. Next...”</p>

      <p>The commander continued relaying his instructions for a while before someone spoke up. “I have a question. We know Zagan is approaching from Cameron...so who will stand against Forneus?”</p>

      <p>The voice belonged to the Hero of Lightning, Gerald Ballantine. His tone was serious, a far cry from his usual posturing. <em>If only he were like that the rest of the time...</em></p>

      <p>“I’ll beat him back wherever he shows up! He has a water alignment, so my <em>Thunder Sword </em>will work well. I’ll crush him!”</p>

      <p><em>Never mind... There’s Gerry.</em></p>

      <p>“Have you already forgotten your loss against the elementalist, boy?” the Grandsage taunted. “Water magic can kill you as well as any other.”</p>

      <p>“Shut it, hag! I’ve grown since then!”</p>

      <p>In response, the Grandsage reared back and kicked him to the floor. <em>Right after calling him “boy” too...</em> <em>We’re in the middle of a meeting—what are they even doing?</em> Also, since she’d mentioned an elementalist, some people had started looking my way.</p>

      <p>“Sir Gerald,” Estelle said, breaking into the argument. “We cannot defeat Forneus here.”</p>

      <p>“What? Why?!” he screeched, still sprawled on the floor where he’d been kicked.</p>

      <p><em>Gerry, maybe you should get up first?</em></p>

      <p>“Forneus will not truly invade the continent,” explained Estelle. “Monsters under his command will attack the coastal cities and then return to the sea. I have not foreseen anything on land.”</p>

      <p>“He is a diversion,” the commander continued, taking over. “The likely goal is preventing a true alliance of our forces. Lady Estelle has only seen his army attacking coastal towns.”</p>

      <p>“Sir Gerald,” said Estelle, “you will proceed to the location with Forneus’s closest ally. Is that acceptable?”</p>

      <p>Gerald was silent for several seconds before eventually growling out a sharp, “Fine.”</p>

      <p>At his assent, the commander went back to the force distribution. “Prince Leonardo, the Hero of Ice and Snow, will accompany the army of Springrogue...”</p>

      <p>That was a relief—we could relax since he’d be with Maximilian and Springrogue’s army.</p>

      <p>“And that concludes assignments,” Owain said, folding up the paper he’d been reading from. “Any questions?”</p>

      <p>Huh?</p>

      <p>“W-Wait a moment!” Princess Sophia exclaimed. “Roses has another hero!”</p>

      <p>“Fool!” spat the pope as he glared in my direction. “We will not rely on a wicked deity’s disciple. He’ll slit our throats in our sleep.”</p>

      <p>The commander turned to him. “I personally think that this is not a situation where we should be leaving strength on the table.”</p>

      <p><em>That’s some mild support at least...</em></p>

      <p>“Commander, are you trying to make some kind of point?!” the pope demanded.</p>

      <p>There was a long pause, and finally, the commander murmured, “I retract my statement.” The pope was the commander’s superior, so it wasn’t like he had much of a choice. The only one who would be able to speak out would be...</p>

      <p>“Sophia, is the king not here?” I asked. This had been on my mind for a while. He was above all others in Highland, but I’d barely ever seen him.</p>

      <p>“His Majesty is...unwell,” she replied. “He likely will not be present...”</p>

      <p>Was there something going on? Regardless, the king’s voice was obviously something I could not rely on. As far as things stood now, I was pretty much out of the war.</p>

      <p><em>I guess at this point, that might count as lucky...?</em> I could escape from the danger of the battlefield.</p>

      <p>Estelle then addressed the meeting room. “Your Holiness, he <em>is </em>a hero of Roses. Playing games with our fighters is a waste—give him some border region. There will be many monsters regardless, so he is perfectly suited for the front lines.”</p>

      <p>There was no way that Estelle was going to get through to him. After all, she was just a foreign priestess.</p>

      <p>“Very well.” Surprisingly, the pope folded like a cheap suit.</p>

      <p>So...I was heading off to war as well...</p>

      <p>“Then the Hero of Roses will be going to...”</p>

      <p>The name Owain said was not one I’d heard before. I’d have to ask Princess Sophia or Lucy about it later. Finally, though, the meeting was over.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Princess Sophia had things to discuss with Princess Noelle and the others, so she remained in the castle. I headed back to the inn and filled the girls in on what we’d be doing.</p>

      <p>“Cornet? <em>That’s</em> the town we’re going to? Sure!” Sasa replied cheerily. Nothing had happened while she was staying here, so she’d gotten kinda bored.</p>

      <p>“Cornet? Isn’t that...?” Lucy mumbled. Something seemed to be bothering her about it—she turned to look quizzically at Furiae.</p>

      <p>When I’d told Furiae everything, she had folded her arms with an odd look.</p>

      <p>“Princess? What’s up?”</p>

      <p>Furiae didn’t respond to my question, and Lucy answered instead.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, Cornet isn’t a town... The most prosperous city in Laphroaig was called Cornet, but nowadays...”</p>

      <p>She trailed off, not finishing her sentence. Furiae sighed deeply and then picked up from where Lucy had left off.</p>

      <p>“She’s right. Cornet isn’t a town—it’s a ruin. It...is where I was raised.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“Noah?” I asked.</p>

      <p>She’d brought me to her space the night before we were set to head off for battle. As always, she exuded a divine glow. Next to her was Eir, shining just as much and wearing a blue dress.</p>

      <p>I made my way over to them.</p>

      <p>“This is a disaster, Makoto.” Noah had her hands on her hips and wore a rueful smile.</p>

      <p>Eir, on the other hand, was waving her arms in the air. “It’s awful, Mako. Awful!”</p>

      <p>So...who to respond to first? Well, <em>my</em> goddess, of course.</p>

      <p>“Noah, I got outed.”</p>

      <p>She and I had similar reluctant smiles on our faces.</p>

      <p>“The people you’ve helped were on your side though,” she replied. “It’s all thanks to you.”</p>

      <p>Noah was right... The Soleil Knights, the people from Springrogue and Great Keith... They hadn’t turned on me, not even when they’d found out about my goddess. It was all worth it.</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s thanks to your guidance then,” I told her.</p>

      <p>She giggled. “That’s right—praise me more.”</p>

      <p>Noah sure was cute when she asked like that.</p>

      <p>“It wouldn’t have even been an issue if you’d become my believer,” Eir cajoled, her tone unhappy.</p>

      <p>Whoops... Guess we’d ignored her.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. That’s what you get,” Noah replied.</p>

      <p>Ack, she’d start sulking at this rate.</p>

      <p>“Eir, what’s ‘awful’ about the plan?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“The war! The army wasn’t supposed to attack now!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“They weren’t?”</p>

      <p>Noah and I were both taken aback.</p>

      <p>“Irrie’s gone off somewhere,” Eir complained.</p>

      <p>Oh? “Ira isn’t around?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Nope. She and Naya were both absent during our last meeting... Naya’s never there, so that’s fine... Althena was pissed though!”</p>

      <p>“What do goddesses discuss at meetings?” Noah asked.</p>

      <p>I was curious too.</p>

      <p>“How to win the war, obviously,” Eir replied. “We’ll get less reverence points if the demons win! That’d be the worst!”</p>

      <p>Eir had worded that seriously...but it didn’t seem like it was to them.</p>

      <p>“They’re immortal, Makoto,” Noah explained. “They don’t care all <em>that</em> much about mankind or demons that aren’t even a millennium old. It’s all pretty much a game to them.”</p>

      <p>“Not true.” Eir pouted.</p>

      <p>That was definitely the face of someone caught out. So this was just a game to the gods?</p>

      <p>I also wanted to comment on another point.</p>

      <p>“Eir, I met Ira.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?” This time, it was Eir’s turn to look confused. “No way... What are you on about? That’s not possible.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m not <em>certain</em>, but I’d say she’s probably possessing Estelle.”</p>

      <p>“Why do you think that?”</p>

      <p>“While Estelle and I were talking, she spoke like she was the goddess.”</p>

      <p>“Huh... Not bad, Makoto. Still, what’s she planning?” Noah wondered.</p>

      <p>Eir laughed. “Not a chance. I’d definitely notice...”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Eir cupped her hands and...gazed into them?</p>

      <p>“It’s her <em>All-Seeing Eye</em>,” Noah explained. “It’s about a hundred-million times better than your <em>Clairvoyance</em> skill.”</p>

      <p>“That number’s too high to really make sense of...” I muttered. Humans couldn’t understand the true power of the goddesses.</p>

      <p>“Ah!” Eir yelled. “No way! She’s doing it?! And all the time?! Althena forbade that kind of thing!”</p>

      <p>“Is there something wrong with a goddess frequently possessing her priestess?” I asked. Surely it was a good thing to have a goddess close at hand for emergencies.</p>

      <p>“Divine law forbids direct interference, and constant possession doesn’t really count as mere guidance. If the wicked deities and Titanea did the same, then all the progress we made after Titanomachia would vanish.”</p>

      <p>“Oh...” It was more serious than I’d expected. Was Ira going to cause an issue?</p>

      <p>“Eh, it’ll probably be fine,” Noah said dismissively. “She got past your curious looks, so she’s disguising herself well.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean by disguising?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“A goddess usually leaks anima when descending through their priestess. You didn’t feel any of that, so she’s managing to hide it.”</p>

      <p>“Not that it’s easy to do...” Eir grumbled. “Ugh! I’m gonna have to go talk to her!”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, she was gone. Noah and I were the only ones left.</p>

      <p>Noah peered at me steadily. It wasn’t her usual joking expression—she seemed sorrowful and serious.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Makoto?” Even her voice sounded concerned.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is it?” <em>Have I done something?</em></p>

      <p>“You’re using <em>Calm Mind </em>now. Stop turning it up to 100%.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...? It’s that high right now?” That was weird. I’d been trying to be careful and not use it too much.</p>

      <p>“You’re doing it subconsciously. It’s probably because of this,” she said, snapping her fingers and uncovering my elemental arm, which was glowing blue. “You’re probably still afraid of failing that elemental conversion and being taken over. That’s what makes your skill act up.”</p>

      <p>“I...thought I’d gotten much better with it.” It’d seemed easier to use my arm after training with it daily. Maybe I’d overestimated things.</p>

      <p>“Right, but that’s why your feelings are slipping away,” she remarked sadly. “Janet’s confession didn’t do anything for you, did it?”</p>

      <p>“That’s not—”</p>

      <p>I cut myself off. In the end, I couldn’t deny it. Janet’s sudden proposal had been a shock. Her argument with Princess Sophia had been concerning as well.</p>

      <p>Still, I felt a chill at how little it’d affected me.</p>

      <p>“Um... Is this bad?”</p>

      <p>“It’s because you’re using the skill at 100%. You feel nothing. That can be useful, and it can make you stronger, but if you feel nothing, you’re no longer human.”</p>

      <p>Her serious expression was enough to make me shudder.</p>

      <p><em>What should I do...?</em></p>

      <p>“Well, I’ve already taken precautions,” she said.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>She put her hand over the small red mark on my arm. “My anima is stopping the transformation from progressing. You can relax—don’t use <em>Calm Mind</em> most of the time, okay?”</p>

      <p>I peered at the mark again.</p>

      <p>“<em>That’s</em> what it’s for?”</p>

      <p>“It is. Your arm won’t go back to normal, but it won’t get worse either. My anima is maintaining the status quo.”</p>

      <p>“I...see.” I touched the mark myself. The slight heat of it felt like the warmth of her affection.</p>

      <p>“Well, I can also control you through it as a last resort...but Sacred and wicked deities alike would be on my case if I did that, so I won’t.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Noah,” I said, bowing deeply. It seems like I’d ended up constantly relying on her.</p>

      <p>She giggled. “It’s fine. Depend on me more. If anything, you don’t ask <em>enough</em> of your goddess.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not true,” I protested. “I am being sent off to some ruins though, so I probably won’t get to do much for the war effort.” I was kind of sad about that—I really did want to help out.</p>

      <p>Noah frowned angrily at me. “You should be thanking Ira for that. If she sent you to the front lines, you’d happily prance on in, wouldn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“No, I wouldn’t. But I <em>do</em> want to see a proper demon lord.”</p>

      <p><em>Lucky Sakurai...getting a battlefield with a demon lord...</em></p>

      <p>Noah must have heard my thoughts because her expression turned hard. “I. Said. No! ‘I want to see a demon lord,’ indeed! They’re not tourist attractions!”</p>

      <p>“I just want to peek from a distance. I mean, this is another world... That makes sense, right?”</p>

      <p>“Wow... There’s no saving you.”</p>

      <p>She didn’t look entirely in agreement with my stance.</p>

      <p>“Noah—I won’t try it. I will focus on safety in my adventuring from today onward.”</p>

      <p>“Liar,” she teased, poking me in the forehead.</p>

      <p>“I should be getting up soon,” I said. “I’ve got a trip to Laphroaig to make.”</p>

      <p>“You do. Take the opportunity to relax while you can.”</p>

      <p>I bowed to her and then stirred awake.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>We were currently traveling to the ruined city of Cornet. This time, we were journeying in carriages—after all the trips aboard Fujiyan’s airship, this method of travel felt really slow.</p>

      <p>I peered out of the window. Accompanying us were mounted knights, infantry, mages, and support staff. All personnel were members of the Soleil Knights. And the person leading them was...</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto, I have heard that this is your first expedition with the military. How are you faring?”</p>

      <p>This question (and an accompanying smile) came from Ortho, the commander of the Soleil Knights’ first division. I’d fought alongside him against the stampede in Highland. Owain or Sakurai had probably assigned him to me because we’d worked together previously, and I felt really grateful for his presence. Speaking with new people was really hard for me!</p>

      <p>“The trip’s been nice, but...is it really acceptable for us to have such a large carriage?”</p>

      <p>“How could you even ask? The carriage has been requisitioned for two heroes <em>and</em> Rosalie’s daughter. Of course it’s grand—that’s only natural.”</p>

      <p>I suppose that’s just how things were. Ortho held command of the army, so after we finished talking, he headed back to the center of the formation. In our huge carriage, I was sitting opposite Lucy, Sasa, and Furiae (who had Twi on her lap).</p>

      <p>“Waheyy, I’ve never ridden in a carriage before!” Sasa cheered, chattering like a child.</p>

      <p><em>Ladies and gentlemen, the State-Authorized Hero of Great Keith... </em>I had a feeling that no one would believe that upon first meeting her.</p>

      <p>“Wait, this is the only time you’ve been in a carriage?” Lucy asked her.</p>

      <p>“Yeah! I’ve only traveled on airships and pegasi before now.”</p>

      <p>“Neither of those counts as normal!”</p>

      <p>“They don’t?”</p>

      <p>The two of them were making a fair racket. It was like they were off on some school trip. Meanwhile, Furiae remained utterly silent. She didn’t even open her mouth and just stared out of the window.</p>

      <p>She’d been sort of <em>off</em> since we’d been assigned to Cornet.</p>

      <p>“You seem down, Princess,” I said, worry evident in my tone. I’d actually offered for her to remain in Highland with Princess Sophia, but she’d been even less willing to stay in <em>that</em> country. It made sense—the pope was definitely someone to worry about.</p>

      <p>There was a long silence, and then Furiae spoke in a mumble. “Being a priestess, I was always around so many believers. Almost all were cambions with nowhere else to go.”</p>

      <p>The word “cambion” brought the Snake Sect to my mind...but that wasn’t the case here. The cambions she referred to were not villains, but persecuted citizens, the same as the people living in the slums of Highland.</p>

      <p>“When I say ‘believers,’ I’m talking about those who follow Naya, not the Typhon-worshippers of the Snake Sect. I told my people to run when the knights from Highland captured me. And I told them not to search for me.”</p>

      <p>Lucy, Sasa, and I listened quietly.</p>

      <p>“I’m sure they have been, though. As Priestess of the Moon, I was practically their idol. Some of them probably think I died and have been grieving...but all I’ve been doing is taking it easy abroad.”</p>

      <p>“Fuu...” Sasa murmured. Lucy and I couldn’t even manage a word.</p>

      <p>“I don’t even know how I can face them,” Furiae admitted with a self-derisive snort.</p>

      <p>“You just need to show them how well you’re doing!” Sasa exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“That’s right,” Lucy agreed. “You haven’t done anything wrong!”</p>

      <p>I nodded. “And we’ll help you look for the people you know.”</p>

      <p>All three of us were of the same mind. Ortho would surely be willing to let us have some leeway—he was an understanding guy, so he’d look the other way. Figuratively, at least, he’d be paying a lot of attention.</p>

      <p>“We can’t just do as we please while in the middle of a march,” Furiae protested. “But...” She paused for a moment to think. “I guess...okay, I’ll think about it.” She smiled, and there was a bit more liveliness in her expression now.</p>

      <p>Things were much brighter in the carriage after that, with the three girls mainly carrying the conversation.</p>

      <p>That night, once we’d gone as far as we’d planned, the formation stopped to make camp. Our journey was progressing well.</p>

      <p>“I can’t sleep...” I mumbled. I wasn’t used to traveling by carriage, especially when surrounded by so many people I didn’t know. Everyone else had drifted off quickly though...</p>

      <p><em>I suppose I usually stay up late training.</em></p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa were wrapped around each other in one of the narrow carriage beds, snoring softly away. Actually, why were they even using the same bed? There was one for each of us... They’d sure gotten friendly.</p>

      <p><em>Well, I guess I will get some training in after all.</em></p>

      <p>I activated <em>Stealth </em>to make sure I didn’t wake the pair of them up as I left and then exited the carriage. I nodded at the Soleil Knights on watch as I headed off to find some water for training. Not a single cloud floated in the sky. The full moon would likely be in a few days, so the road was lit up fairly bright.</p>

      <p>Beneath the moonlight’s glow, I saw a dark silhouette.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Is that a person?</em></p>

      <p>I peered at the figure and soon recognized Furiae—her long hair and dark dress practically melted into the night.</p>

      <p>Concern filled me since I didn’t want her to wander off on her own. However, before I could call out, she turned around. She’d noticed me as well.</p>

      <p>“Hello, my knight.” She looked at me, hands linked behind her back. Her gaze was soft, different from the usual half-glare she usually wore. The moonlight gave her an ethereal air, like she was a flower that would fall apart at the slightest touch.</p>

      <p>“What’s up, Princess?” I asked. I wondered whether she was still mired in regret about leaving the other faithful in Laphroaig.</p>

      <p>She didn’t say anything and just let her gaze wander. Was she finding it hard to put her thoughts to words? I just waited quietly.</p>

      <p>“If...” she began. “If I really was the Witch of Calamity...a person destined to bring disaster to the world...what would you do?”</p>

      <p>Her phrasing bothered me. “Is the pope still worrying you?” I asked.</p>

      <p>After all, he was practically the head of the Sacred Deities’ organized faith, and he had decried Furiae as an enemy of the world. Even Ira—despite her usual foresight—was unable to see Furiae’s future.</p>

      <p><em>It must be bothering her.</em> Knowing this, I responded to her question as brightly as I could. “The future’s not set in stone, y’know?”</p>

      <p>“Nor is it so easily changed,” she countered.</p>

      <p>“Besides,” I continued, “Ira can’t see your future, so no one knows what it will be anyway.”</p>

      <p>“That’s...right...”</p>

      <p>I could tell that she really wasn’t doing well. It wasn’t just coming back to Laphroaig—it was the abuse she’d endured in Highland as well.</p>

      <p><em>Really...I’m a useless guardian knight...</em></p>

      <p>I tried to think of something else to say that might cheer her up, but she spoke up first.</p>

      <p>“If...if I were to become an enemy of the world...would you still be my guardian knight?”</p>

      <p>She was usually so haughty, but this question was full of trepidation. Her watery eyes had the same uneasy look as when she’d first told me to become her guardian knight.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>