<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>She left, dragging her brother behind her. He probably <em>could</em> have overpowered her, which meant...she was probably in a stronger position. That was definitely a <em>meaningful</em> request from her though. I’d been looking forward to finding Sakurai and catching up. Oh well.</p>

      <p>The meeting with the Ballantines had been a surprise, but I figured we should probably head in now. “Let’s go,” I said, turning to look at my friends.</p>

      <p>Three sets of eyes glared silently back at me.</p>

      <p>“Umm...guys?”</p>

      <p>Furiae and Twi just sighed.</p>

      <p>“Aya, he made arrangements with another girl as soon as we arrived,” Lucy said to Sasa.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Oh, the pains of being with a popular hero. Sophie, what do we do about the Player of Roses?”</p>

      <p>“A grave question indeed. Lucy, Aya, make sure he does not get involved with girls from the other countries.”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to us!” they chorused.</p>

      <p>So...the three of them were all in it together.</p>

      <p><em>Should I say something? No... Trying to make excuses would just cause more trouble.</em></p>

      <p>“The women of Roses are strong,” the general murmured in my ear.</p>

      <p>“They’re not like that in Great Keith?”</p>

      <p>“They are rather similar, actually. Her mother is just as spirited...” he replied, gesturing with his eyes to the Hero of Incandescence. Though Olga had been quiet recently, our first meeting could definitely be described as “spirited.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose they’re the same everywhere,” I commented.</p>

      <p>He laughed. “You might be right.”</p>

      <p>His words didn’t really help my current situation though—Lucy and Sasa took up flanking positions on either side of me as we entered the castle.</p>

      <p>The general had a meeting scheduled with the king, so we parted ways after entering the castle.</p>

      <p>“Let us meet with Princess Noelle,” said Princess Sophia, apparently wanting to hear her ally’s thoughts first. I had no idea how ties between the different countries worked, so I just nodded. She’d already made arrangements, so we headed toward the meeting place.</p>

      <p>“Why, if it isn’t Sir Makoto!” came a call from a burly warrior. He didn’t look human—his skin and other features had a distinct reptilian look.</p>

      <p>He was a dragonoid. A familiar one.</p>

      <p>“Maximilian,” I greeted. “It’s been a while.” This was indeed the Hero of Swaying Trees. He had a friendly smile that was completely at odds with his fierce stature.</p>

      <p>“I’ve already heard rumors about all the wild times you had in Great Keith.”</p>

      <p>“All of that just happened. How about Springrogue? Is it still the same?”</p>

      <p>“The Demon Lord’s Grave is gone, thanks to you,” he replied cheerily. “The trees giving off miasma are gradually abating as well. I suspect that the Forest of Fiends will be gone in a few decades. Then, Springrogue will be able to develop even further. The village elders are all grateful to you.”</p>

      <p>“Oh...the Forest of Fiends.”</p>

      <p>Now that Bifrons had been destroyed, there was no source of miasma. As such, the dungeon filled with undead would eventually vanish. I thought back to using <em>Transform</em> with Sasa to explore the forest.</p>

      <p>In the end, I’d only been in the dungeon once. <em>I would’ve liked to check it out more.</em></p>

      <p>A time-limited dungeon... Maybe there’d even be treasure.</p>

      <p>Sasa soon interrupted my pondering. “Takatsuki, your face says you’re thinking something stupid again.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean, Aya?” Lucy asked her.</p>

      <p>“I bet he was thinking he wanted to go farther into the Forest of Fiends.”</p>

      <p>“Can you quit reading my mind?” I asked. How did she know <em>exactly</em> what I’d been thinking?</p>

      <p>“What? But I was brought up being told to never go near it... What are you thinking?” Lucy demanded.</p>

      <p>“As was everyone else in Springrogue...” Maximilian added. “Sir Makoto, I believe you are the only one who will be saddened by its collapse.”</p>

      <p>“Hang on! You misunderstood,” I protested. “I’m not upset about that.” He and Lucy were treating me like I was a weirdo.</p>

      <p>Just as I was trying to distract them from this silly topic, an angry voice barked an order. “Get out of the way!”</p>

      <p>I whipped around to see a group of priests. They were all wearing robes of fairly fine quality.</p>

      <p>“There is a limit to the disrespect you can show,” snapped one of the priests. “You stand before His Holiness.”</p>

      <p>“It’s the bumpkin from Roses and the animal from Springrogue,” another spat.</p>

      <p>“We need not even ask for their assistance.”</p>

      <p>These men were well and truly looking down on us, so they were probably fairly high-ranking. We just stepped out of the way so they could move past us. In the middle of the group was an old (but still dignified) man. I immediately recognized him.</p>

      <p>It was the pope of the church—the second most important person in Highland.</p>

      <p>He didn’t even look our way, just passed quietly on by. Actually, no, he glanced toward us for a brief moment.</p>

      <p>As his eyes passed over Furiae and me, his expression twisted in distaste.</p>

      <p><em>Wait? Me?</em></p>

      <p>Furiae shot him a defiant, challenging look.</p>

      <p><em>Your beauty’s wasted on a face like that.</em></p>

      <p>“What’s with him?” she remarked in irritation.</p>

      <p>I wondered the same thing. Something must’ve caused it, right?</p>

      <p>We watched the group leave the castle.</p>

      <p>“The current pope is famed for his attitude,” Maximilian explained. “He looks down on any that are not humans of Highland.”</p>

      <p>Such intense elitism.</p>

      <p>“I’ve got a bad feeling,” Furiae warned. At this point, it didn’t feel right to just continue chatting.</p>

      <p>“Another time then, Maximilian,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Of course. I would appreciate having some time to talk properly.”</p>

      <p>After that, we parted and headed toward the meeting with Princess Noelle. She met us near the castle training grounds. As we drew closer, I understood why she’d picked such a place.</p>

      <p>Her fiancé was here.</p>

      <p>As we entered the area, a familiar face greeted us. “Welcome to Highland. The Hero of Light is waiting for you.”</p>

      <p>I nodded. “It’s been a while, Ortho.” The leader of the first division, Ortho, was the one to receive us. We’d fought together with him while defending Symphonia against the monster stampede.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia had entered the building to one side of the training grounds—there, Princess Noelle was waiting. We’d been asked to speak with the knights while the two princesses discussed matters.</p>

      <p>We’d partnered with the Soleil Knights during our last visit to Highland. Sasa and Lucy were currently catching up with the specific people they’d fought alongside—Sasa had dragged Furiae along with them.</p>

      <p>I walked with Ortho through the training grounds. A wide sparring area was situated in the middle of the area, and...</p>

      <p>Heaps of corpses were piled up in the ring.</p>

      <p>Well, not quite. These people were all still alive at least. They had, however, fallen in defeat like corpses, breathing only shallowly.</p>

      <p>“Enough!” someone yelled. “The Hero of Light wins!”</p>

      <p>“This is a mock battle,” the commander said to me, providing an explanation for the strange sight. “The exercise is called ‘The Hero of Light versus a hundred knights.’ It is exactly what it sounds like.”</p>

      <p>Well, that was really easy to understand. There was something I just had to ask though.</p>

      <p>“Aren’t there more than a hundred of them?” I asked. Even a rough estimate put the body count at closer to two hundred.</p>

      <p>“A hundred wasn’t enough,” Ortho insisted.</p>

      <p>“Ah...I see.” I’d guessed as much.</p>

      <p>Well, it made sense that a force of a hundred men wasn’t strong enough to defeat the Hero of Light. I glanced at the defeated warriors again. All of them were high-ranking knights at the very least. Some of them were even more skilled. Every warrior was clanking around in full armor too. Against them...</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki!” called their opponent. The handsome guy caught sight of me and waved. He was wearing a white shirt with the sleeves rolled up, and not a single piece of armor covered his body. The outfit was about as much as we used to wear while playing soccer in P.E. class.</p>

      <p>His right hand grasped a sword made of wood...and ridiculously enough, that wooden sword was glowing like a blade right out of legend.</p>

      <p>The ability to convert light into aura... The Hero of Light’s aura was both the strongest sword and strongest shield, and it could turn even that wooden sword into something on par with the strongest of weapons. The aura filling his body meant that actually injuring him was far from easy, and any wounds he did receive were healed in an instant. He had the same legendary skill as Abel the Savior, and there was no time limit to it either, not like Sasa’s <em>Super Star</em>.</p>

      <p>As long as the sun was in the sky, no one could beat the Hero of Light.</p>

      <p>Despite all this power, he was also my childhood friend, joyfully waving to me after a few months of being apart.</p>

      <p>“Been a while, Takatsuki,” he remarked.</p>

      <p>“Glad to see you’re as OP as ever, Sakurai,” I replied.</p>

      <p>We were both happy to see each other again.</p>

      <p>“I heard how you defeated the demon lord in Springrogue. <em>And</em> how you saved the capital of Great Keith.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t say it like that. Makes it sound like I did it on my own.” Rosalie had helped in Springrogue, and Noah had done the same in Great Keith.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m glad that you’ll be part of the Northern Front Plan.”</p>

      <p>“Barely, though.”</p>

      <p>Sakurai, Gerry, and Maximilian were all chosen by their goddesses, so they were part of the military strategy. Since I was just a hero from a small-time country, there wasn’t much need for me to butt in.</p>

      <p>“I doubt you’ll manage to get away with that,” Sakurai teased with a half smile.</p>

      <p>“I’ll let you deal with all the enemies,” I said, looking at the heaps of high-ranking knights collapsed on the ground.</p>

      <p>He looked somewhat surprised at my words. “You’ll be fighting too, right?”</p>

      <p>“I’m just a weak water mage,” I protested.</p>

      <p>“You helped a lot in Labyrinthos.”</p>

      <p>“There was an underground lake, so I could use the water elementals. I was just lucky.”</p>

      <p>“So...you’ll be up if it rains then?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll just stop it from storming.”</p>

      <p>Sakurai gave a long pause. “You can do that? I heard even the Grandsage finds it hard to control the weather.”</p>

      <p>“I can go from rainy to clear at least. But there’s no way I can do the opposite.”</p>

      <p>“Tell me more!” Sakurai insisted.</p>

      <p>“Well, if I <em>musssst</em>.”</p>

      <p>At that, the two of us chatted away for a while. I noticed that there were a lot of water elementals around the castle. This was a big difference from Roses Castle. They were likely more present here because of the huge river flowing behind Symphonia. And, unlike in Roses, there were no religious functions here—Highland had a separation of church and state, and the Sacred Deities were worshiped in the cathedral, not the castle. This meant that there were many elementals around the training ground.</p>

      <p><em>Well...</em>there<em> were</em>. They’d been there just a second ago. But suddenly, all of them had just vanished, like the turning of the tides.</p>

      <p>I peered around and soon realized why.</p>

      <p>“Sakurai, who’s that over there?” I asked.</p>

      <p>About a hundred meters away stood a huge warrior. He looked around two meters tall and was even bigger than Maximilian, despite looking like a human rather than a dragonoid. He had blond hair and pale skin, but his musculature seemed rather like a wrestler, so I doubted he was a noble. The elementals had disappeared as he arrived.</p>

      <p>“He was recently appointed as the State-Authorized Hero of Highland. I’m pretty sure his name’s...Alec.”</p>

      <p>“Have you spoken?”</p>

      <p>“Nope. He’s part of the Temple Knights, not the Soleil Knights. Anyone can use the training grounds, so it’s not exactly rare to see him here... I’ve barely interacted with him though.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>“We can go over there if you’re curious,” Sakurai offered.</p>

      <p>“Nah, I’m not that interested.”</p>

      <p>I glanced at my right arm. Bandages were currently hiding my <em>Right Hand of the Elemental</em>. However, it wasn’t the elemental mana that had my attention—it was Noah’s anima. The Temple Knight was giving off some power that felt similar. Though, maybe I was just imagining things.</p>

      <p><em>I hope I’m not in the same squad as him... </em>I’d be in trouble without the elementals.</p>

      <p>At that moment, the two princesses arrived.</p>

      <p>“It has been a while, Makoto,” Princess Noelle said in greeting, a sunny smile on her face. She was practically the textbook image of a princess, cute and refined.</p>

      <p>“It has, Princess Noelle,” I replied. I went to kneel, but she stopped me.</p>

      <p>“There is no need for that. You are engaged to Sophia. More importantly, all heroes and priestesses have been requested. Let us go together.”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>We’d barely arrived in Highland, but apparently, they already needed us. We met up with Lucy, Sasa, and Furiae before Princess Noelle led the way.</p>

      <p>The large conference room was already occupied by priestesses and heroes from every country. There were people I knew, and those I didn’t. Among the crowd were the royals and highest-ranking nobles from Highland. I spotted General Talisker as well.</p>

      <p>Alec, the new hero, was nowhere to be seen.</p>

      <p>The leader of the meeting stepped up onto a raised area at the head of the room. “Everyone, your attention please. I will be explaining the Northern Front Plan now. However, first, His Holiness has important news.”</p>

      <p>I wondered what it could be. Everyone in the room seemed to stir—I suppose no one else expected this speech either. The pope we’d passed earlier stepped up onto the raised area and peered at me coldly. For several seconds, he was silent. Then, he slowly began to speak.</p>

      <p>“There is a disciple of a wicked deity among us,” he declared solemnly.</p>

      <p>Twin noises of confusion sounded in my head—one from me and one from Noah.</p>

      <p><em>Goddess...we’re in trouble, aren’t we?</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>