<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The other princess at her side offered some support. I’d need to apologize properly later.</p>

      <p>“What are you doing?” Lucy demanded.</p>

      <p>“My knight, are you a fool?”</p>

      <p>“Come on, Takatsuki, you’ve got to listen.”</p>

      <p>Getting chastised by Lucy and Furiae was one thing...but I didn’t want to hear that from Sasa!</p>

      <p>“Well, since we seem to be boring people, let us leave the reports there for now.”</p>

      <p>Even Commander Owain was getting in on it... I’d apologize to everyone later for interrupting the conference.</p>

      <p>“Lady Estelle,” Owain said. “Please explain our next steps.”</p>

      <p>“Very well,” she replied, stepping forward. “Over the next six days, Forneus’s armies will make landfall.” She continued speaking fluidly. “The coasts of Caol Ilan, Highland, Great Keith, Springrogue, and Roses will all see incursions. We cannot, however, pay them heed—they are all diversions, traps to divert the Hero of Light from our main forces.”</p>

      <p>All of the people in the images listened raptly.</p>

      <p>“On the seventh night, Zagan will attack Cameron. He is aiming to kill the Hero of Light and weaken the country as a whole. Should he fail at his main objective, using Cameron as the battlefield will still weaken our alliance as a whole.”</p>

      <p>Cameron was the center of our logistics—crushing it would hamper us considerably.</p>

      <p>“That makes sense,” General Talisker said after a while. “Yet, this course of action seems far more prudent than we would usually expect from the demons.”</p>

      <p>“Precisely, General. The plan came not from the demons, but the cambions. The archbishop Isaac, to be exact, of that damned Snake Sect.”</p>

      <p>“Those parasites...we should just wipe them all out, Snake Sect or not!” That excessive comment had come from the bishop.</p>

      <p>I heard a “tch” from Furiae. She can’t have been pleased to hear the bishop’s remark. I offered her a silent apology, hoping she wouldn’t make a scene.</p>

      <p><em>Weird, though...</em></p>

      <p>If what Estelle said was correct, would Laphroaig not be attacked?</p>

      <p>Said woman looked my way, and as if reading my mind, spoke up. “Ah, right. The armies will go to the ruins of Cornet as well. There are only cambions there anyway, but it would be rather bothersome if they established a base on the continent, so drive them off if you would, apostle of Noah.” Estelle—or more accurately, Ira—sounded bored as she relayed those instructions.</p>

      <p>“I understand.” Did she really need to say “apostle” like that...?</p>

      <p>“Do you truly?” she countered. “The aim of our battles is to crush Zagan’s army. Then, to prepare for the return of Iblis, we must keep as much of our strength as possible. Pointless battles are out of the question. Wicked apostle, you are known to readily run into danger, so do I make myself clear?”</p>

      <p>She was speaking like she’d been watching over me, and I guess she had been... “She” being, of course, Ira.</p>

      <p>“Tomorrow, around ten thousand sea monsters will arrive in Laphroaig. They will likely remain just out of range, provoking you.”</p>

      <p>“Tomorrow?!” I exclaimed. <em>That’s so soon!</em></p>

      <p>“However, you cannot go out to fight them. These monsters are skilled in ambush, so they may even attack some of the country’s citizens... We cannot afford to lose fighters. Leave them be.”</p>

      <p>I heard a short, aggrieved noise from Furiae at the cool instruction.</p>

      <p>“But of course. Cambions are worth less than insects. There is no need to waste our resources on them.” That statement came from the bishop’s mouth, but the majority of people present agreed.</p>

      <p><em>Bastards...</em></p>

      <p>I knew I had to say something. But just before I could, Furiae turned to me.</p>

      <p>“Hold, my knight,” she whispered.</p>

      <p>“Princess?”</p>

      <p>“You are in a bad position now that they know your allegiances. Do not make any more trouble!”</p>

      <p>“But—”</p>

      <p>“Do not!”</p>

      <p>Well, if Furiae was going to insist...</p>

      <p>“I’ll keep that in mind,” I said to Estelle on the screen.</p>

      <p>The priestess nodded in satisfaction. “Good.”</p>

      <p>“That wraps up our meeting. If there are any changes, report at once,” Owain announced, addressing the whole group.</p>

      <p>Thus concluded the strategy meeting between the six nations. The images flickered out one after another. However, I really wasn’t at ease—I needed to relax.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll just do some training once we’re released.</em></p>

      <p>Once all the images had disappeared, Ortho called out, “Hero Makoto,” stopping me in my tracks.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“You need not worry about the cambions.”</p>

      <p>Furiae and I looked questioningly at him.</p>

      <p>“Princess Noelle instructed us to protect the citizens of Laphroaig without distinction. Commander Owain is of the same mind.”</p>

      <p>“He is?” Neither of them had said anything against the priestess or pope earlier...</p>

      <p>“Our positions mean we can say nothing against His Holiness, but the final decisions in military matters rest with the commander. Princess Noelle wants to remove the racism, and he agrees with her. We will protect the people of Laphroaig,” the man asserted strongly.</p>

      <p>So that’s how things were behind the scenes.</p>

      <p>The first division that Ortho led had many of the veterans and older knights within its ranks. It had seemed a bit weird for them to be defending Laphroaig, but now the order made sense.</p>

      <p>“That’s good. Right, Princess?”</p>

      <p>The question hung for a moment before Furiae answered. “It is. She intends to treat the cambions fairly.”</p>

      <p>Despite her assent, she had a conflicted look on her face. Was it because Princess Noelle was involved? Whatever her misgivings with the sun priestess, Furiae had to be grateful for what she was doing here. Regardless of the reasoning, that was one less thing to worry about.</p>

      <p>I tried to walk away again, but Ortho grabbed my hand.</p>

      <p>“Ortho?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“We aren’t done yet, Sir Makoto,” he said, his grip tightening. “These meetings will determine the future of the continent. I must ask that you focus on them.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...” He was definitely correct.</p>

      <p>“You seem unfamiliar with the geography of the demon continent and the races making up their armies. I will explain them for future reference. Do you have the time now?”</p>

      <p>After a beat, I said, “Yes, of course.” Waving at Princess Sophia during the meeting definitely hadn’t gone down well with this military man.</p>

      <p>“Right then—Lucy, Sasa, Princess, you too!” I announced.</p>

      <p>“What?!” they all complained.</p>

      <p><em>Hey now, I don’t want to do this all on my own! </em></p>

      <p>In the end, we had to sit through the lecture for several hours before we could leave.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ The Next Day ◇</p>

      <p>“Enemy sighted! Ten thousand strong!” came a yell from the Soleil Knights on guard.</p>

      <p>“Estelle was right,” I mused.</p>

      <p>“Just as predicted,” Ortho replied gravely.</p>

      <p>We were standing on the coast behind the Moon Palace. The enemies were finally close enough that we could see them with <em>Clairvoyance</em>. Sea monsters were slipping in and out of sight in the distance. Each one of them was about as long as a fishing boat.</p>

      <p>“Sir Ortho! Deployment on the beaches is complete!”</p>

      <p>“Of course. We will follow Lady Estelle’s directions and not engage on their terms. They are trying to provoke us.”</p>

      <p>“And if they attack?”</p>

      <p>“Let them get as close as possible. Do not allow them to make landfall,” Ortho ordered.</p>

      <p>“Understood!”</p>

      <p>“What are we doing for the night watch?”</p>

      <p>“An eight-hour rotation, twenty-four hours a day. The shifts have been distributed to the squads already.”</p>

      <p>“Good. Now, the next thing...”</p>

      <p>The tense conversation between Ortho and his subordinates carried on for a while.</p>

      <p>I thought back to the lecture yesterday. My misunderstanding that sea monsters wouldn’t cause problems on land had been corrected—just because they were based in the ocean didn’t mean they couldn’t come onto the beach as well. They spent most of their time in the water but could remain active on land for several days.</p>

      <p>In other words, where we were standing right now could become a battlefield.</p>

      <p>Once more, I gazed out at the open expanse of water in front of us. <em>It’s been a while...</em> I thought. The last time I’d been near the ocean was when I’d tried to reach the Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p>The important thing was...that the ocean was awash with water elementals.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” I folded my arms in thought.</p>

      <p>“What’s up, Makoto?” Lucy asked, propping her head on my shoulder and pressing her cheek into mine. I could feel her warmth on my skin.</p>

      <p>“There are a lot of water elementals here,” I replied. I’d never seen so many in one place before.</p>

      <p>“Huh, are there? Can you see them too, Lu?” Sasa had jumped onto my back, slinging her arms over my shoulders from behind. I could feel her soft frame pressing against me.</p>

      <p>“I can’t,” Lucy replied. “I don’t have a high enough level in water magic.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph. You’re a mage, though, so you should be able to see them if you train. You two are so lucky,” Sasa griped.</p>

      <p>She and Lucy were chatting away, leaning closer and closer to me as they did.</p>

      <p>“Guys, you’re a bit—”</p>

      <p>Before I could finish, Furiae interjected.</p>

      <p>“Stop clinging to my knight so much!”</p>

      <p>The two girls yelped as Furiae grabbed them by the scruffs of their necks and lifted them like cats.</p>

      <p>Furiae was pretty damn strong...</p>

      <p>“Say, my knight, perhaps we should go back to the tent?”</p>

      <p>We’d actually been told by Ortho to wait—we were supposed to be on hand if the monsters attacked. I’d wanted to see the beasts for myself, so we’d accompanied the knights.</p>

      <p>Furiae was sneaking glances at the monsters as she suggested we leave. It made sense that she’d be bothered by an army on her homeland’s borders.</p>

      <p>“Let me down already!” Lucy protested.</p>

      <p>“Fuu! Let us goooo!”</p>

      <p>Both of them were kicking their legs in the air. Again, like cats.</p>

      <p>“Put ’em down, Princess. Also, just give me a minute.” I wanted to check something, so I lifted my right hand toward the sky.</p>

      <p>“×××××××××××××× (Elementals, elementals,)” I called...prompting clouds to swirl into being and start to disgorge water. Even more water elementals gathered around us, and huge amounts of mana started to coalesce in my hand. It felt like enough to cast several king rank spells.</p>

      <p>“My knight...did you just change the weather?” Furiae asked, somewhat aghast.</p>

      <p>Lucy stared worriedly at my arm. “M-Makoto, that mana...”</p>

      <p>“Wah! Cold! Hi-yah! Hi-yah!” Sasa was batting away every drop of water that got near her.</p>

      <p><em>Whoa...</em></p>

      <p>The air shivered, and the sea seemed to rise a little higher in response.</p>

      <p>It was going well. I had plenty of mana...</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, Laphroaig doesn’t have much influence from the Sacred Deities, so there are more elementals there than in other places.</em></p>

      <p>That makes sense, Noah. It was good news—I could have a steady supply of mana even without using my arm.</p>

      <p>“A-Ah...Sir Makoto? What in the...?”</p>

      <p>I realized that Ortho had come over. I looked between him, my hand, and the distant monsters. Then, I remembered the worried look on Furiae’s face.</p>

      <p>Before I could give it a second thought, the words tumbled from my mouth.</p>

      <p>“Ortho, do you mind if I get rid of that army?”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>