<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Makoto Takatsuki Follows a Wicked Deity</h1>

      <p>“A thousand years ago, the demon lord Cain killed many heroes,” the pope stated gravely. “The goddess he served was a foul wicked deity who craved the world’s destruction.”</p>

      <p><em>This is definitely bad...</em> I thought, a trail of sweat running down my cheek.</p>

      <p><em>Y-Yeah</em>, Noah stammered. <em>I thought Eir had dealt with things concerning the Sacred Deities.</em></p>

      <p>Her voice sounded seriously confused and concerned. Actually, where was Eir?</p>

      <p><em>I...haven’t seen her in a while</em>, Noah replied.</p>

      <p>What?! Our only hope...</p>

      <p>“We are in the final days before the resurrection of Iblis. The wicked deity’s disciple is plotting once more to plunge the world into chaos. And that disciple...is in this very room!”</p>

      <p>The first prince of Highland (I think? I couldn’t remember his name) sneered. “How horrifying. This cannot be overlooked!”</p>

      <p>“Would you tell us who, Your Holiness?” another asked.</p>

      <p>That was it. The finishing blow.</p>

      <p>Eir wasn’t here. I could only rely on Princess Sophia...but she was looking at her counterpart, Princess Noelle, who was expressionless. I couldn’t tell what she was thinking.</p>

      <p>“Hero of Roses, Makoto Takatsuki. Speak the name of your goddess,” the pope commanded, prompting everyone to look my way.</p>

      <p><em>Okay, so what to do now? </em>I could either lie or keep silent. The pope certainly seemed sure about my belief in Noah.</p>

      <p>Yet, more than anything else...I didn’t want to say any name besides Noah’s.</p>

      <p><em>It doesn’t matter</em>, Noah told me.<em> Just say Eir.</em></p>

      <p>Frankly, I doubted that would work here. And to be honest, that wasn’t the main problem. <em>No, the main issue is...</em></p>

      <p>I stared back at everyone who was looking at me. Sakurai wore a worried expression. It went without saying that so did Lucy, Sasa, and Princess Sophia. Furiae’s face was hard, and everyone else was tense.</p>

      <p>I sighed at this point and looked straight at the pope.</p>

      <p>“I follow the Wicked Deity Noah,” I stated in a quiet but firm voice.</p>

      <p>The room became agitated. Finally, my secret was out.</p>

      <p>“Wicked Deity Noah...the ancient Titan defeated in Titanomachy... How foul. This traitor should be stripped of his title and put to death right now!”</p>

      <p>I stared back at the pope. He had a crazed glint in his eyes. I’d thought he might be joking, but it certainly didn’t seem that way.</p>

      <p>“Wait a moment, Your Holiness. Someone brought that wicked deity follower into the center of the Northern Front Plan,” the prince sneered. “There lies a heavy burden with that person. Isn’t that right, Noelle?”</p>

      <p><em>Hmm...this...</em></p>

      <p>It seemed like the prince was after the princess, not me. He probably wanted to point out her failings and reclaim his place in the line of succession. Everyone’s gazes gathered on her face, which seemed expressionless...</p>

      <p>Actually, no, she was smiling in my direction. Slowly, she approached me.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay, Makoto,” she said.</p>

      <p>“What about this is <em>okay</em>?!” shouted the prince. “He follows a wicked deity!”</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle nodded. “He does indeed. He was also given leave by Althena.”</p>

      <p>Across the room, there were simultaneous noises of confusion. Internally, Noah and I felt much the same.</p>

      <p>Noah, why are <em>you</em> surprised?</p>

      <p><em>Well, there hasn’t been a good word between Althena and me for a millennium.</em></p>

      <p>So, not since the war with Iblis. Man, the Goddess of the Sun is patient...</p>

      <p>“Impossible! She would never permit such a thing!” the pope decried.</p>

      <p>“Would you like to ask her directly?” Noelle proposed. “She can speak through me after all. If you like, you can ask her ‘are your words true?’ in person.”</p>

      <p>“I...I could never do such a thing!” he protested, withdrawing with a pained look.</p>

      <p>“Do you have anything to say, brother?”</p>

      <p>There was a long pause. “I do not,” the prince spat with a scowl.</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle smiled. “Well, there you go, Makoto, Sophia.”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia slumped back, almost falling before a female knight supported her body from behind.</p>

      <p><em>Wow... </em>A single decree from Althena had pushed it all through. We were safe.</p>

      <p>“Th-There shall be no quarreling...with a statement from her.” Judging by the pope’s tone, he didn’t seem to <em>agree</em> with what he was saying. “However, there is more I have to say!”</p>

      <p>Come on, really?</p>

      <p>“That cursed priestess over there will bring ruin upon this world. She should be immediately imprisoned until Iblis has been dealt with!”</p>

      <p>What was this man on?!</p>

      <p>“What?! Don’t play with me!” Furiae yelled.</p>

      <p>“Ah...Your Holiness? Why would you say that?” Even Princess Noelle was at a loss. “She was a critical part of the plan to save Symphonia and has been cooperating with us. I have already accepted her presence here.”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia spoke up next. “She is in the care of Roses now but has spared no effort to assist us. She has likewise shown no hostility.”</p>

      <p>“She saved many of my countrymen from petrification in Springrogue,” Maximilian added. “I owe her.”</p>

      <p>Whew, they were all on her side.</p>

      <p>“That changes nothing!” the pope howled. “We cannot allow the reincarnation of the Witch of Calamity to walk free while Iblis is returning! If <em>she</em> returns as well, then things would be dire! Above all else...” He paused. “Ira herself says that the moon priestess has a strong likelihood of bringing ruin to this world. The people of Highland know this to be true.”</p>

      <p>His eyes pivoted around the room.</p>

      <p><em>Ira </em>said that?</p>

      <p>Really?</p>

      <p>“It is...a possibility, and only that,” Estelle murmured into the silence. Which meant that it really was something Ira had seen.</p>

      <p>No one had a response to her words. The pope looked triumphant.</p>

      <p>“Now, Temple Knights! Seize her!”</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s a problem,” I said, standing in front of her.</p>

      <p>“My knight?”</p>

      <p>“Foul apostle! Silence!”</p>

      <p>“I can hardly allow you to take her away,” I told him, glaring. “I <em>am</em> her guardian knight.”</p>

      <p>“A foul apostle and a filthy, cursed priestess—how fitting,” he spat.</p>

      <p>Why was he so hardheaded?</p>

      <p><em>He’s pissing me off</em>, Noah growled.</p>

      <p>I quite agree, goddess.</p>

      <p>“If you insist on defying me...” he said, raising a hand. A collection of Temple Knights formed a circle around us. “We cannot kill the accursed woman. Her retribution will damn us all. Seize her. Even Althena will allow that.”</p>

      <p>“Your Holiness!”</p>

      <p>The pope ignored Princess Noelle’s pleading. He was staring at the gathered Soleil Knights and heroes.</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, Sasa and Lucy were by our sides. Princess Sophia and Prince Leonardo tried to get to us as well, but the geezer guardian knight stopped them. The look in his eye said he’d fight alongside us if it came to it.</p>

      <p>What would happen now?</p>

      <p>“Heroes of the goddesses, Temple Knights, seize her,” the pope ordered.</p>

      <p>The heroes of every domain bar the moon were here. If they worked together to try and capture us, we’d never win.</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p>“I won’t fight Takatsuki. I won’t capture Furiae either,” Sakurai replied.</p>

      <p>“<em>What</em>? Like hell.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll pass.”</p>

      <p>“I refuse.”</p>

      <p>The Heroes of Lightning, Incandescence, and Swaying Trees all refused to obey the pope. The heroes of Caol Ilan and Cameron just...watched.</p>

      <p><em>Is no one coming? This pope doesn’t seem all that well-liked...</em></p>

      <p>“Hah! Lost your popularity?” asked Furiae.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, Princess! Don’t provoke him!</em></p>

      <p>The pope ground his teeth but then began to sneer. “Fools... I have a card of my own to play. Alexander!”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, several magic circles floated around him. There was a flash of light, and a huge man appeared. He stood over two meters tall and was solidly built, with white armor covering his form.</p>

      <p>This was the new State-Authorized Hero of Highland, Alec—or apparently, his full name was Alexander. I couldn’t tell where he was looking. His eyes seemed vacant.</p>

      <p>“Hero of the Sun! Show your power!”</p>

      <p>The huge man said nothing, just nodded. He looked in our direction with a placid expression. Then...he began to glow in all colors of the rainbow. A moment later, I felt horrifying amounts of pressure.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t help but grunt—wind blasted around the room, and it was like being consumed by a maelstrom of mana. I wouldn’t have that much mana, not even if I used <em>Synchro</em> with Lucy. It...was like the power of the giant...or when Eir had possessed Princess Sophia. This amount of mana exceeded the bounds of mankind.</p>

      <p>The Highland prince yelped, falling to the ground. The nobles that never fought were much the same. Gerry’s dad had a pale face but was still standing, arms folded. Well, they <em>were</em> a combative family. Furiae looked pallid as well, but Lucy and Sasa had stepped in front of her. Sakurai—along with the others—had drawn their swords, ready to fight.</p>

      <p>They were all on our side. I was thankful, damn thankful...</p>

      <p><em>Is this really the place to have a full-on battle, though?</em></p>

      <p>We were inside Highland Castle. Everyone in the room was among the highest-ranking figures in the country.</p>

      <p>It seemed insane.</p>

      <p>“C-Cease, Hero Alec! This is not the place!” a noble yelled in fear.</p>

      <p>“Hero Alec! Stop this at once!” Princess Noelle called.</p>

      <p>The hero paid no heed to either of them.</p>

      <p>“Good!” The pope let loose a vicious cackle. “Seize the Priestess of the Moon!” He definitely seemed set on seeing his plan through.</p>

      <p>I placed my hand on the bandages around my arm, ready to use <em>Right Hand of the Elemental</em>.</p>

      <p>But then...</p>

      <p>“Alexander. Stop this,” a voice said coolly.</p>

      <p>The room fell silent—everyone lost their train of thought. Not one person spoke. This order had come from someone overwhelmingly strong.</p>

      <p>“R-Right,” Alec said, obeying <em>this</em> command over all the others.</p>

      <p>Estelle, the Priestess of Fate, said nothing more. Even the pope was dumbfounded.</p>

      <p>An awkward feeling hung in the air.</p>

      <p>“I believe we should call this meeting to a close,” Princess Noelle suggested. At this point, none of us were in a state to discuss things. People began leaving the room in small groups.</p>

      <p><em>Staying too long in Highland might be dangerous...</em></p>

      <p>The pope had it in for me and Furiae. Who knew when we might get attacked by the Hero of the Sun?</p>

      <p><em>Estelle, though...</em> The power she’d exuded had been overwhelming. It’d felt like standing in front of Noah or Eir. <em>No way...</em></p>

      <p>There was a lot on my mind as we left Highland Castle.</p>

      <p>“What was <em>with</em> him?!” Furiae cried out.</p>

      <p>The meeting was over and those of us from Roses were in another room in the castle—barring Princess Sophia, who had said she was going to talk to Princess Noelle.</p>

      <p>“Guys...are we going to be okay?” Lucy asked. She was usually much more strong-willed, but now her voice seemed uneasy.</p>

      <p>“We’ll be fine!” Sasa said assuredly. “Takatsuki and I’ll protect us all if it comes to it. Right, Fuu?”</p>

      <p>“You always have been strong,” Lucy commented.</p>

      <p>“Right...” Furiae murmured. “My thanks, Warrior.”</p>

      <p>Both of them regained something of a smile at Sasa’s comment.</p>

      <p><em>It’s my fault...</em> I lamented. Following a wicked deity really put us in a bad position here. Should I have negotiated better beforehand? Not that it seemed like the pope would be all that willing to listen to reason...</p>

      <p>There was a knock at the door. I tensed up, but it was Janet that entered, wearing golden armor.</p>

      <p>“What is it?” I asked. We’d agreed on meeting tonight, but it was currently only just past noon.</p>

      <p>“That was...a disaster,” she said with a slightly dark expression. Oh. She must have heard about the meeting. “I imagine today has been an ordeal, so we should reschedule... Still, we fought together in Springrogue, and I wanted to say that I am on your side.”</p>

      <p>With those parting words, she turned to leave.</p>

      <p>“Wait a minute,” I said hurriedly, grabbing her arm.</p>

      <p>“Oh? What do you need?” she asked with a puzzled look.</p>

      <p>“There’s somewhere I want to go. Would you mind accompanying me?”</p>

      <p>Janet Ballantine was—in the knight order she was part of—nothing more than the commander of the pegasus knights. However, she was a daughter of the Ballantine family, one of the five Sacred Nobles. With Princess Sophia absent, no one else was as highly ranked.</p>

      <p>“I do not mind...” she replied in confusion.</p>

      <p>“What’s up, Makoto?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>Sasa eyed me suspiciously. “You’ve got another weird idea, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“My knight...” Furiae sighed. “You intend to go gallivanting <em>now</em>?”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t just leave them with nothing, so I gave a simple response.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to go see Estelle.”</p>

      <p>Literally everyone in the room turned to me with exclamations of shock.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Are you sure you should have left your companions?”</p>

      <p>It was a little while after we’d left, and Janet had fixed me with a concerned look.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be easier to talk if I’m on my own,” I replied.</p>

      <p>Even so, the three girls had been <em>very</em> against me seeing her.</p>

      <p><em>“Really? Considering what literally just happened...?” Lucy asked.</em></p>

      <p><em>“I’m coming too!” Sasa insisted. “I’ll beat up that Alec guy if he attacks!”</em></p>

      <p><em>“My knight, your affiliations are known! Lie low!”</em></p>

      <p><em>They all had severe looks on their faces.</em></p>

      <p>Still, I’d managed to convince them to stay behind. Janet and I were now walking through the city, heading for the estate where Estelle was staying. The highest-ranking nobles in Cameron all had estates in the area.</p>

      <p>“But... Well, I admit I wasn’t there, but was the priestess on your side?” Janet asked me uneasily.</p>

      <p>“Who knows? She and I did meet in Cameron...”</p>

      <p>The pope had sicced the Hero of the Sun on us. He was definitely an enemy, and trying to reason with him would likely do us no good. In comparison, Estelle seemed more neutral.</p>

      <p>However, there was something I had to make sure of. To do so, I needed to bring along someone with a high position in society. I’d planned on asking Sakurai or General Talisker, but the daughter of the Ballantines was more than sufficient.</p>

      <p>“We are here,” Janet informed me. “This is the Berkley estate—the biggest noble family in Cameron.”</p>

      <p>“It’s huge...”</p>

      <p>The estate was conspicuous even amongst the others in Symphonia. The gardens were enormous and contained statues set atop gargantuan fountains. <em>This place must employ an army of gardeners.</em> I didn’t even want to think about how much maintaining the space must cost.</p>

      <p>“I made an appointment,” Janet told me. “Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“Right. Thanks.”</p>

      <p>We stepped through the gate onto the grounds of the estate. Janet gave her name to the guard and we were let through without issue. Considering her social standing, this made sense. A butler soon led us inside.</p>

      <p>When we arrived at the reception room, an exasperated voice greeted us. “Makoto Takatsuki. You are as incapable of remaining still as I had heard.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that the priestess was waiting for us.</p>

      <p>“Lady Estelle, I thank you for taking the time to see us on such short notice.”</p>

      <p>“It is not a concern, Janet. Still, are you certain in your choice of companion?”</p>

      <p>“I would not be with him if I disliked him.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” replied Estelle. “Well, there is no accounting for taste.”</p>

      <p><em>Guys, could you stop talking like that right in front of me?</em></p>

      <p>The priestess chuckled teasingly, apparently having noticed my expression. She folded her arms, looking down at me, and then asked, “What is your business here?”</p>

      <p>For a moment, I remembered being in the Temple of Time with her. I took a breath.</p>

      <p>“Did Ira state that the Priestess of the Moon, Furiae, could bring disaster to the world?” I asked. That was the most pressing question I had.</p>

      <p>Estelle didn’t reply though. She remained silent in apparent thought, and I waited for whatever she had to say.</p>

      <p>The priestess before me could hear the voice of Ira, the Goddess of Fate, who was said to be capable of viewing the entire world’s future. As such, there was significant meaning in waiting for what Estelle might say.</p>

      <p>But...she said nothing.</p>

      <p>“Lady Estelle?” Janet interjected after a while. “I would like to know as well, please.”</p>

      <p>We both waited patiently, and eventually, the priestess began to speak.</p>

      <p>“There are seven goddesses that rule over the elements of this world. Do you know that there is an exception among them?”</p>

      <p>Janet and I gave her confused looks. <em>Well, this has nothing to do with our current situation</em>, I thought.</p>

      <p>“It has everything to do with it,” Estelle replied. “Just answer.”</p>

      <p>“Do you mean Naya?” Janet asked.</p>

      <p>“I do. Naya is a god of an outer world, not this one. She is a different type of god.”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t know that,” I remarked after a moment. The temple hadn’t taught us much about moon magic or its patron goddess. They’d just assumed that we didn’t need to know.</p>

      <p>“Ira’s future sight is fundamentally tied to the Sacred Deities,” Estelle explained, “so she cannot see the future of Naya’s priestess.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, so...”</p>

      <p>“So Ira said that the possibility exists,” she finished for me. “The moon priestess <em>could</em> bring ruin.”</p>

      <p>Hang on... Ira might be unable to see Furiae’s future, but that alone isn’t enough evidence to suggest that she might cause harm.</p>

      <p>“Lady Estelle?” Janet spoke up critically. “The calamity in question—”</p>

      <p>Estelle bluntly cut her off. “Is killing the Hero of Light after Iblis’s resurrection and once more allowing darkness to rule the lands.”</p>

      <p>Janet’s eyes widened in shock. I assume my face looked pretty much the same. Eir had said something similar—she’d mentioned that there was a good chance we could lose the fight against the demons. But hearing it so plainly from the Priestess of Fate...</p>

      <p>“I-Is there...any way to avoid such a future?” Janet asked shakily.</p>

      <p>Estelle gave a small smile. “The future can be changed,” she stated firmly. “That is why I am here. Bringing the Northern Front Plan forward is one of the opening moves for victory. Things will not go as Iblis hopes.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, so you’re the one who suggested it,” I remarked. I’d been sure the plan had come from someone in Highland.</p>

      <p>“It is all for the triumph of mankind,” she said with a gentle smile. Her countenance seemed to be filled with an almost godly affection. “I can still see the future of the Hero of Light’s death. However...I cannot see who does the deed.”</p>

      <p>“Can’t see it, huh...?”</p>

      <p>Now I understood how everything connected. The details surrounding his death were obscured to Ira. That made it very likely that the culprit was someone associated with a god other than the Sacred Deities.</p>

      <p><em>Naya...</em></p>

      <p>“Still, Furiae and Sakurai are on good terms,” I pointed out. “I really can’t see her doing something like that.”</p>

      <p>Estelle gave a mocking snort. “Friendship between men and women can often turn to bloodshed as passions inflame.”</p>

      <p>“This isn’t a soap opera...”</p>

      <p>“It’s similar.”</p>

      <p>“Really...”</p>

      <p>“Ah...what are you two talking about?” Janet asked, interrupting our back-and-forth. Well, it made sense that she wouldn’t know about soap operas. The real question was...how did Estelle know?</p>

      <p>Estelle kept her focus on me and asked, “Are you convinced?”</p>

      <p>“Not exactly... By the way, what’s the chance that <em>I’m</em> the killer?” She’d been focused on Furiae being the perpetrator, but objectively, wasn’t I under suspicion as well? After all, Noah’s previous disciple “The Black Knight” was famed for killing heroes.</p>

      <p>“Noah’s weak disciple in this era couldn’t even put a scratch on the Hero of Light,” Estelle replied. “Besides, you can’t even wield a sword, can you?”</p>

      <p>“You are correct...” I admitted after a moment. It was true—I wasn’t strong enough to properly swing a sword about.</p>

      <p>“Above all else, Typhon tricked Noah a thousand years ago,” she continued. “It would be the height of foolishness for your goddess to ally with Iblis again. Though, it wouldn’t be the first time she did something inane.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t you think that’s going a bit far?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Noah, she’s really going off on you.</p>

      <p><em>Grrr! What’s with that?! Smack her!</em></p>

      <p>Calm down, goddess.</p>

      <p>“So it’s not me who hurts Sakurai?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Plus, my sis—<em>Eir</em> has an eye on Noah in the Seafloor Temple. If she acts suspicious in any way, we will know immediately.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” I murmured, giving pause. The way Estelle was acting...and how she was speaking...</p>

      <p>“Regardless. Everything I do is for victory over Iblis. If you understand, leave already.”</p>

      <p>Well, she was certainly trying to usher us out. I just had one last thing to check...</p>

      <p>“Janet, let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“Have you two finished your conversation?”</p>

      <p>I nodded, and the two of us stood up from the sofa together. I turned back to the priestess. “Thank you for your time, Estelle.”</p>

      <p>“We appreciate you talking with us,” added Janet as she and I headed for the door.</p>

      <p>I set <em>Calm Mind</em> to 100%.</p>

      <p>“Ah, there was something else I wanted to ask,” I said emotionlessly, turning back to face Estelle. “I heard that Ira was jealous of Noah’s beauty. Is it true?”</p>

      <p>“What?! Not a chance!” Estelle yelled. “Noah’s just talking out of her—” She quickly cut herself off with a pained look, seeming to realize something.</p>

      <p>“I see... Then Noah was just telling a joke. I’ll mention it the next time we meet.”</p>

      <p>“Tell her that it’s impossible for Ira to be jealous of her,” Estelle snapped.</p>

      <p>“Um... What was that?” Janet muttered, tugging at my sleeve.</p>

      <p>Instead of answering, I pulled Janet with me toward the door. “Let’s go. Excuse us.”</p>

      <p>“What? Wait...”<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Janet and I discussed the conversation as we walked.</p>

      <p>“The Hero of Light being defeated...could it be true?” Janet asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“I can’t really imagine Sakurai losing.” And I definitely didn’t <em>want</em> to imagine an old friend dying.</p>

      <p>“Well, let’s trust in Ira. She definitely seems like she’s trying to act against Iblis.”</p>

      <p>“Well, you and Estelle certainly seemed close in the latter half of your conversation. I also didn’t understand what the two of you were talking about right at the end.”</p>

      <p>“You didn’t?” I replied noncommittally, keeping things vague since I couldn’t explain properly.</p>

      <p>The two of us kept walking slowly through the noble area of the town. Suddenly, Janet grabbed hold of my arm.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, Makoto Takatsuki. Would you be willing to accompany me for a meal?”</p>

      <p>“Wha?” I’d wanted to get back and talk with everyone as soon as possible...</p>

      <p>She glared at me. “You cannot have meant to simply use me for an introduction and then leave me!”</p>

      <p>“O-Of course not,” I stammered, shaking my head. It didn’t feel like I had much choice in this matter.</p>

      <p>“Excellent.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s find someplace.”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>She pulled me along by the arm to a high-end restaurant. It was probably somewhere she frequented because as soon as they saw her face, they showed us to the best seats in the house.</p>

      <p>“Wait a moment,” she said before vanishing into an interior room.</p>

      <p>What was that about?</p>

      <p>Janet was gone for a few minutes before returning. She now wore a noble’s dress. “Sorry to keep you waiting.”</p>

      <p>She had a whole new outfit ready to go back there? Why had she changed in the first place?</p>

      <p>I was slightly nervous and let Janet order our meals. We waited for the food, and as she looked at me, smiling, all I could see was a noble girl from a good family. <em>Well, I suppose that </em>does<em> describe her...</em></p>

      <p>“So, Makoto Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is it?”</p>

      <p>She was resting her cheek in her hand and smiling teasingly. I felt my heart skip a beat at how different she seemed compared to her usual no-nonsense knight attitude.</p>

      <p>“I decided that if I am to marry, it will be to someone stronger than my brother.”</p>

      <p>There was a pause.</p>

      <p>“You don’t have many candidates, do you?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Her brother was Gerald Ballantine, the Hero of Lightning. He was third in the rankings of heroes. The Hero of Incandescence—Olga—was second, and Sakurai—the Hero of Light—was first. Other than heroes, there was the Grandsage and the Crimson Witch Rosalie... They were both women. The ladies in this world were definitely strong...</p>

      <p>After considering all that, I jokingly remarked, “I guess Sakurai’s your only option.”</p>

      <p>Her face twisted in a scowl. “Don’t mock me. He took Noelle from my brother... Besides that, I wouldn’t want to marry the same man as her.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” I apologized. That comment had been thoughtless. Before Sakurai, she and Princess Noelle had been like siblings, but they were more distant now. It was kind of sad.</p>

      <p>“Ordinarily, someone of my age would already have a fiancé...” she murmured somewhat tiredly. She’d been picky about who she would marry, so she was still single, but her parents had probably piled on the pressure... Still, I’d heard similar stories back on Earth. I guess all worlds are the same in some ways.</p>

      <p>She giggled. “People call me the Spinster Knight behind my back because of it...”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m shocked at that...” It was pretty impressive that anyone would have the balls to talk about one of the Sacred Nobles like that.</p>

      <p>“There are foulmouthed people everywhere.”</p>

      <p>Incidentally, the foulmouthed person she referred to was the commander of the second flight of the pegasus knight division—Janet led the first flight. A pegasus knight had to have a light body, so inevitably, they all ended up being women. There was a strong rivalry between the two flights.</p>

      <p>Working with only female coworkers...was a scary thought. I shuddered internally.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally,” she said in a cheery tone, lightening the mood, “there’s a man right in front of me.” Her gaze became heated. “And <em>he</em> has won against my brother.”</p>

      <p>“It was just a rough match...” I replied. “He didn’t have his sword either, so it doesn’t count.”</p>

      <p>“It does. Rough or not, you won. He doesn’t know the meaning of restraint, and you still bested him.”</p>

      <p>“I really wish he’d <em>learn</em>.” I’d gotten a proper beating. Gerry was way too reckless.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki,” she stated firmly.</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“I am fond of you. Become my husband.”</p>

      <p>I was silent for several long seconds.</p>

      <p>“Pardon?” That request had come out of left field...</p>

      <p>Janet had asked me to be her husband.</p>

      <p><em>Whew. Not bad, you Casanova!</em></p>

      <p>Noah...what do I do?</p>

      <p><em>Hm? Whatever you want.</em></p>

      <p>Urk... Still, this wasn’t something I should have my goddess decide—it was my own problem.</p>

      <p>“If you join the Ballantine family, you will gain vast territory. Though I will be there to manage it as well, so you needn’t concern yourself. You can keep adventuring as a hobby, or even spend your days playing around. Ah, and I do not mind you having other women. Naturally, Lucy and Aya are welcome as well.”</p>

      <p>She was speaking like it was a rehearsed statement, barely pausing to breathe. It certainly sounded tempting, particularly the “playing around” part...</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p>It was then that <em>RPG Player </em>kicked in.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Is the “Janet’s Husband End” good with you?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>There you are </em>RPG Player<em>—It’s been a while since you last gave me a choice.</em> <em>And, to answer the question...that end definitely isn’t okay!</em> <em>Pick more serious issues!</em> I protested mentally.</p>

      <p>I took a slight breath in. “I apologize, but I am already engaged to Princess Sophia,” I explained, offering a reason for the refusal.</p>

      <p>Janet didn’t stop smiling though. “That is not a problem. I will talk with her.”</p>

      <p>I stared. “What?”</p>

      <p>I hadn’t expected <em>that</em>. Seriously...where had it come from?</p>

      <p>“So, if Princess Sophia agrees, there will be no issue?” she pressed.</p>

      <p>“Wait, no...”</p>

      <p>This was terrifying. She was just going along like I’d said yes. <em>Come on, </em>RPG Player<em>! What use even are you?!</em></p>

      <p>“The food is here. I know the head chef, so I had something special prepared.”</p>

      <p>And now she’d changed the subject like everything was settled!</p>

      <p>“Janet, uh—”</p>

      <p>“Lady Janet, Sir Makoto,” greeted the server. “Allow me to explain your meals. Today, we have...”</p>

      <p>He’d just launched into it! And ultimately, the meal went on without me doing anything. Considering that this place was frequented by a Ballantine, the food was amazing.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>After eating, I left for the inn. Janet had followed me like it was only natural, and she’d walked really close the entire time. Once we arrived, I had to ask her to back off a bit.</p>

      <p>I gingerly opened the door and said, “I’m back...”</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Finally!” Lucy called.</p>

      <p>“It’s awful!”</p>

      <p>The moment I opened the door, both Lucy and Sasa rushed over. What had happened?</p>

      <p>“Princess Noelle and the Hero of Light have arrived,” Lucy told me.</p>

      <p>Sasa nodded, adding, “Fuu’s making things bad!”</p>

      <p>“She is?” I hurriedly followed the two of them.</p>

      <p>“Furiae... You should not be so close,” Princess Noelle warned.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Well, he did come to see <em>me</em>. Do you have a problem?”</p>

      <p>“He is my fiancé. Get away from him already.”</p>

      <p>“Controlling women aren’t well-liked, you know?”</p>

      <p>“What did you...?”</p>

      <p>Chaos reigned in the room. Princess Noelle had her arms crossed as she scowled at Furiae, who was smiling with a hand on Sakurai’s shoulder. Furiae was clearly teasing the princess.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Furiae,” Sakurai pleaded. “You two got along in Cameron.”</p>

      <p>“Ryousuke...why are you on her side?” Furiae demanded.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m not really on her <em>side</em>...”</p>

      <p>“That princess of yours sees me as someone who’s in the way—just like her pope does. Tell the truth.”</p>

      <p>“Calm down, Furiae,” Sakurai soothed, carefully trying to mediate. “She isn’t like the pope.”</p>

      <p><em>What are they playing at? </em>Sakurai should know better.</p>

      <p>I sighed and walked over to them.</p>

      <p>From what Lucy and Sasa had said, this had all started when Princess Sophia had brought Princess Noelle back to the inn. Sakurai and Furiae had then started butting heads with her. From Princess Noelle’s perspective, it seemed like she’d witnessed an affair her fiancé was having. Furiae was still annoyed at the pope, and since Princess Noelle was part of the church, this argument had broken out.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Sakurai!” I called out with a wave. He had been so cool against Alec, but he’d always been a bit like this during conflicts between women.</p>

      <p>“Ah... My knight, you’re back,” Furiae said, reacting before Sakurai. She dropped her palm from his shoulder and put both hands behind her before taking a step away.</p>

      <p>“Please, try not to tease Princess Noelle too much,” I implored.</p>

      <p>“Fine, fine. It was just a joke anyway.”</p>

      <p>I really wanted Furiae to not have such a poor impression of Princess Noelle, who’d been a lot of help to us.</p>

      <p>Sakurai and Princess Noelle then turned to me.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, you have certainly had a day,” Princess Noelle remarked.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for your help earlier,” I replied. She’d covered for me when my goddess had been revealed.</p>

      <p>Her gaze moved to my side.</p>

      <p>“Janet, you were with Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Ah...well. I supposed it has nothing to do with you...”</p>

      <p>The conversation between the two of them was kind of stilted. An awkward silence stretched between them for a moment before Princess Noelle turned to me.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, Althena has allowed your faith. It is only natural considering your deeds in Springrogue and Great Keith. If anything, His Holiness is acting strangely... He used to be such a kind soul...”</p>

      <p>However gentle he was, he definitely didn’t seem inclined to suffer any wicked deities now.</p>

      <p>“Where were you, Takatsuki?” Sakurai asked. “Rumors are swirling that the pope sent the Temple Knights after you. You probably shouldn’t be out too much.”</p>

      <p>Oh. This was the first I’d heard about that.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t know...” I admitted. “I’ll just use <em>Transform</em> while I’m in town. Thanks, Sakurai.”</p>

      <p>He looked concerned at my response. “No, I said you shouldn’t <em>be</em> out...”</p>

      <p>Furiae then interrupted us. “My knight, how did your conversation with Estelle go?”</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle and Princess Sophia looked at me wide-eyed.</p>

      <p>“You went to see her?!” Princess Noelle asked.</p>

      <p>“After all that happened...”</p>

      <p>I shrugged. “It was a worthwhile conversation.”</p>

      <p>I explained what we’d talked about, with Janet adding comments as we went, so it should all match up. Though...Janet was standing just a bit too close.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, so Ira cannot see my future,” Furiae murmured with an indescribable expression.</p>

      <p>“That’s good, though,” Sasa pointed out. “We know Fuu wouldn’t do something like that.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, personally, I’m more worried about Sakurai,” I added. I hadn’t been sure about the details before talking to Estelle, but I relayed what she’d seen.</p>

      <p>I should have expected that he already knew—it was probably why the country was so desperate for him to have kids.</p>

      <p>“You don’t need to look at me like that,” he said. “<em>Fate Magic</em> isn’t absolute. And, it’s actually useful for <em>avoiding</em> bad futures.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...” I said, peering at my strong but good-natured childhood friend. “Still, be careful.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, Ryousuke, Makoto. The full strength of Highland will change the Hero of Light’s fate!” Princess Noelle proclaimed.</p>

      <p><em>She really loves him, huh?</em></p>

      <p>“Speaking as a fate mage, it would be better to not,” Furiae sniped in from the side.</p>

      <p>“Fuuri? How could you say that?!” exclaimed Lucy. She seemed just as against the idea of doing nothing as I was.</p>

      <p>“Princess?” I asked, turning to Furiae. “What exactly do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“Changing the future is not as simple as it sounds. If the possibility of his death is high, then it would be better to let him perish and then resurrect him. That sun priestess over there should be able to cast the spell. If we can do that, then we don’t need to <em>change</em> the future.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, so we can think about it that way as well...” I nodded, impressed. It made sense.</p>

      <p>“I think the same. The Grandsage is concerned that changing the future will have too much of an influence on other things.”</p>

      <p>So Sakurai was on the same page. Adding in the Grandsage’s perspective certainly made it more convincing... Maybe Furiae’s plan was the right one?</p>

      <p>“N-No! I can’t let you die...!” cried Princess Noelle.</p>

      <p>Furiae scoffed. “You just don’t get it. Keeping him alive could make things even worse.”</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle wanted to change the future while Furiae wanted to follow what was foreseen. I could certainly understand both sides... Oh, I guess they were fighting again. Just like a cat and a dog...</p>

      <p><em>Sakurai, you can deal with the rest</em>, I thought. Man, being a popular guy sure was tough...</p>

      <p>Right, that was everything we needed to discuss. Now that I’d given my report, I could get back to my training.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto</em>, Noah chided,<em> stop pretending you forgot the most important part of it.</em></p>

      <p>Whatever could you mean by that?</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, Hero Makoto, Janet,” Princess Sophia said, striding forward from where she’d remained silent.</p>

      <p>“Right, Sophia... Uh?”</p>

      <p>She grabbed hold of my arm and pulled.</p>

      <p>“How long are you going to link arms?” she demanded.</p>

      <p>“Ah.” Damn it. I hadn’t noticed Janet put her arm through mine again. Princess Sophia put her arm through my other one and pulled.</p>

      <p>“Is there a problem?” Janet asked with a cool smile. She still hadn’t let go of my arm.</p>

      <p>“There is. Get away from him.”</p>

      <p>“My. I <em>am </em>Janet Ballantine. Princess of Roses or not, you have no right to give me orders,” she replied, wielding her family’s influence without mercy.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto is part of that family.”</p>

      <p>“I asked him to join the Ballantine family earlier today. He gave a favorable answer.”</p>

      <p>I heard several cries, not just from Princess Sophia, but from Lucy and Sasa as well. They all glared at me. This was bad!</p>

      <p>“Wait a minute! You’ve got it wrong!” I argued. “Janet, tell them what actually happened!”</p>

      <p>There was a pause before Janet reluctantly corrected herself. “Makoto Takatsuki refused because he has a fiancée.”</p>

      <p>The three girls breathed sighs of relief.</p>

      <p>“So, I shall take my time and make him fall for me. It will definitely happen.” Janet grinned.</p>

      <p>Hang on a minute!</p>

      <p>“The Hero of Roses will not bend for you,” Princess Sophia declared with an icy look in her eyes. “And regardless, I will not allow it.”</p>

      <p>“I’m not so sure about that,” Janet replied, a fierce smile still on her lips.</p>

      <p>She had said she’d talk to Princess Sophia...but don’t tell me... <em>Is she going to use the Sacred Nobles’ influence...?</em></p>

      <p>“There has been an increase in rampaging monsters within Roses recently,” Janet said. “Great Keith and Highland have provided support until now. We knights have been dispatched to Roses frequently to assist. However, with the recent increase in military activity against the demon army, that has not been possible. I suppose you have instead hired adventurers to fill that gap, but their rates are high. Is it not a strain on Roses’s treasury?”</p>

      <p>That came as a shock—I hadn’t known anything about paying adventurers. “Sophia...is that true?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“It is,” she replied after a moment.</p>

      <p>“Well, as far as money is concerned, Fujiyan—”</p>

      <p>“In truth...we have already borrowed quite an amount from Lord Fujiwara.”</p>

      <p>Seriously?! They’d already done that, but it still wasn’t enough...</p>

      <p>“If Makoto Takatsuki and I were to marry, the North Cardinal Knights would be more easily able to act. There is a considerable distance between our lands and Roses, so I suppose a detached unit would be best. The cost could be deferred as well. With the increase in monster activity, I believe that would be the best solution.”</p>

      <p>I could understand what she was saying. Though I was an amateur as far as politics went, the implications were beyond me, but judging from Princess Sophia’s thoughtful expression, it looked like a reasonable suggestion.</p>

      <p>“Of course, I do not expect an immediate answer. Still, considering your citizens...I’m sure you can imagine.”</p>

      <p>There was another long pause.</p>

      <p>“I <em>can</em> imagine,” Princess Sophia admitted. The look on her face was that of a politician thinking of her citizens... This wasn’t a conversation I should be involved in.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Makoto,” Lucy said, pulling at my sleeve. I turned—she and Sasa were both staring coldly at me.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is it?”</p>

      <p>“You’re acting like this has nothing to do with you,” Sasa said. “They’re talking about something that could pull you away from home and toward Jen.”</p>

      <p>Huh. That was an odd nickname for Janet.</p>

      <p>“Nah,” I replied. “Janet said I could keep adventuring.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, why <em>you</em>, though?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“Apparently, she’ll only agree to marry someone stronger than her brother,” I explained.</p>

      <p>“There’s barely anyone who fits that guideline...”</p>

      <p>Yep, that was exactly the problem.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s good, then. She doesn’t have actual feelings for you!” Sasa exclaimed.</p>

      <p>Janet jolted at that.</p>

      <p>This...was a familiar conversation...</p>

      <p>“Wait just a moment, Aya. There is something I need to say.” Janet turned around to look at me again, face reddening. “I...love you!”</p>

      <p>The other three seemed completely taken aback by the outburst.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki...” Janet murmured, putting a hand on my cheek and smiling temptingly. “There is a room in the Ballantine household for you.”</p>

      <p>She certainly hadn’t acted like this when we’d been riding on the pegasus!</p>

      <p>The sound of grinding teeth filled my ears.</p>

      <p>“I have a reply for your earlier statement,” Princess Sophia declared.</p>

      <p>“Eh?”</p>

      <p>“I do not need the knights’ help! Get your hands off him at once!”</p>

      <p>Janet stared back defiantly at Princess Sophia. “You should know...making policy based on jealousy is poor leadership.”</p>

      <p>“I have no doubt in my decision.”</p>

      <p>“This isn’t going anywhere,” I muttered. It wasn’t going to end well, was it?</p>

      <p>“Just get away from him, you Spinster Knight.”</p>

      <p><em>Sophia?!</em></p>

      <p>The look on Janet’s face changed. “You hardheaded priestess. That’s why the otherworlders run.”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia’s expression grew even sharper.</p>

      <p>“Be silent.”</p>

      <p>“Why don’t you make me, Sophia?”</p>

      <p>They were practically nose-to-nose.</p>

      <p>How’d this even happen?</p>

      <p>“Okay, Sophie. Let’s all calm down,” Sasa said soothingly, tugging the princess away. I then heard Sasa whisper, “You’re an idiot, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“Come on, Fuuri, this way,” Lucy said, pulling on Furiae, who’d stuck her tongue out at me.</p>

      <p>I exchanged glances with Sakurai. He had a really miserable expression on his face, but I was pretty sure I looked just the same.</p>

      <p><em>Pathetic</em>, Noah told me. Of course, she was right.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Things were peaceful for a while. Janet had made arrangements to send some of her knights to Roses. Apparently, when she’d asked her brother—the North Cardinal Knights’ commander—he’d told her to take as many as she wanted. Gerry was being manly!</p>

      <p>Also, General Talisker had pledged his country’s support to me, and Maximilian had promised help if I ever needed it.</p>

      <p>Sakurai joined me for a meal, along with Fujiyan, and the three of us chatted about old times.</p>

      <p>As far as our problems went...</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re here again, Spinster Knight.”</p>

      <p>“Good day, Stonehead Priestess.”</p>

      <p>Janet and Sophia were constantly at loggerheads. They didn’t <em>fight</em>, just argued about how the knights were to be used.</p>

      <p>It gave me chills listening to them... They kept arguing with me in the middle.</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa were constantly grumbling as well.</p>

      <p>“You haven’t been with us much lately, have you?” Lucy asked. “We’re lonely.”</p>

      <p>“We can train together!” Sasa suggested. “I’ll make the time!”</p>

      <p>So, I gave up on some sleep to deal with everyone. My old training came in handy—pulling all-nighters gaming had helped me master the skill of <em>Sleep Resist</em>.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t go too far</em>, Noah warned me. <em>It’s bad for you.</em></p>

      <p>R-Right. Sorry for worrying you.</p>

      <p>Even with all the strife, my companions were still making sure that the pope didn’t interfere. They’d even all gathered together, and I sincerely appreciated it.</p>

      <p>Then, one morning, a knight from Roses came running in, gasping for breath.</p>

      <p>“Zagan and Forneus’s armies have invaded the western continent!”</p>

      <p>The war had finally begun.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>