<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>There was only one answer I’d give to that question.</p>

      <p>“We’ll match, then.”</p>

      <p>There was a long pause.</p>

      <p>“What?” she asked flatly.</p>

      <p>“You’ll be an enemy of the world. I already am one because I follow a wicked deity,” I clarified. “We’ll be enemies of the world together!”</p>

      <p>“You’re so...”</p>

      <p>I’d thought it was a pretty clever response, but Furiae looked like she’d just asked for a cold drink and I’d brought her a piping hot cup of tea.</p>

      <p>Uh? Was that the wrong answer? Damn it! Is this a side effect from <em>Calm Mind</em> again?</p>

      <p><em>You know </em>Calm Mind<em> has nothing to do with being able to read the mood, right?</em> Noah chimed in mentally.</p>

      <p>Come off it, goddess. That makes me sound like someone who can’t take a hint.</p>

      <p><em>That’s exactly what I was implying...</em></p>

      <p>Who knew what Noah was going on about?</p>

      <p><em>Hey!</em></p>

      <p>“No matter,” Furiae said. “Sorry for the odd question.” It seemed that her usual cynical attitude had returned. She folded her arms and gave me a fierce grin. “So, my knight. Even if I become an enemy of the world, keep protecting me,” she demanded.</p>

      <p>“Sure thing, Princess.”</p>

      <p>It was a promise spoken more like small talk under the moonlit sky.</p>

      <p>“Nrow.”</p>

      <p>Twi soon came twisting around her legs.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you want to be on my side as well?” she asked, stroking the cat’s chin and earning a purr for her troubles. Twi was her cat in all but name at this point.</p>

      <p>“Whose familiar are you supposed to be?” I grumbled.</p>

      <p>“My knight’s, of course. Why else would she cozy up to your mistress?”</p>

      <p>I was silent for a second. <em>So that’s how the pecking order works. </em>Twi and Furiae were both above me in that hierarchy. Got it.</p>

      <p>“I will head to bed soon. What about you?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“I’ll get a few hours of training in first.”</p>

      <p>“Keep it in moderation.”</p>

      <p>After leaving me with that warning (which was rather similar to Noah’s) she headed back to the carriage.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Several days passed the same way, with the carriage progressing during the daytime and us relaxing at night. And after those several days, we finally arrived at the ruins of Cornet.</p>

      <p>Laphroaig had been—at least a thousand years ago—a prosperous country. The Moon Palace situated in the capital was said to have been the most beautiful in the world.</p>

      <p>Why had this country prospered in the dark ages of the demon reign?</p>

      <p>It was all due to the country’s princess, the Witch of Calamity. She had been in league with Iblis. At the time, this had been a secret—Laphroaig had been known as a miracle country, one that had escaped invasion for unknown reasons.</p>

      <p>The witch had pushed through policies of harmony between humans and demons...by way of intermarriage. She’d pushed for the birth of more cambions—children born between mankind and demons—to improve race relations. These children had been intended to serve as links binding the two races together.</p>

      <p>However, this method had been ill-chosen.</p>

      <p>She had used her <em>Charm Magic</em> to force the issue without agreement from either race, and many unions had taken place without either side desiring them. Her wicked deeds had been later exposed by Abel the Savior, and upon Iblis’s defeat, Laphroaig had been thoroughly dismantled. At that point, the huge numbers of displaced cambions had become refugees.</p>

      <p>The Witch of Calamity’s infamy had abated little, even after a thousand years. And today, this land was the home of many cambions.</p>

      <p>It was the ruined country’s capital—Cornet.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“So this is where you grew up, Fuu?” Sasa asked. “Hmmm...”</p>

      <p>“It’s kinda...plain,” Lucy said.</p>

      <p>Both of them had chosen their words carefully.</p>

      <p>I peered around. “There’s nothing here.” That was my first impression of the place. Occasional mounds of rubble that might have once been buildings were strewn about. Otherwise, though, it was just open land.</p>

      <p>“Everyone here lives underground,” Furiae explained. “The merchants of Highland and Cameron come through on the surface.”</p>

      <p>“Eh? Why does that matter?” Sasa questioned.</p>

      <p>“Because they’re searching for cambion women and children to enslave,” Furiae spat. “After all, we don’t have rights.”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s awful...!” Sasa cried out.</p>

      <p>Furiae’s words weighed heavily on us. Frankly, I didn’t know what to say.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey!” Lucy exclaimed, breaking the silence. “Back when I was small, I was told I couldn’t leave the forest. They want elves for slaves as well. Especially cute half-elves like me, apparently.”</p>

      <p>“L-Lucy?! You never mentioned that before!” I shouted.</p>

      <p>“Oh, didn’t I?” she asked.</p>

      <p>I knew she’d joined in to try and change the atmosphere, but her admission had been alarming. Was the Great Forest really that dangerous? Besides all that...man, this world was scary!</p>

      <p>A dark silence filled the air, broken only by Twi meowing. That was when Ortho arrived.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto, do you have a moment?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“S-Sure. What is it?” <em>Phew, a topic change.</em></p>

      <p>“We will be making camp now. This evening, we will have a remote conference with the capital via communication magic. Please join us for that meeting. Feel free to do as you wish until camp is made, but if you are traveling farther away, please tell someone first. Also, there is a beach beyond the Moon Palace, but there is a strong possibility that Forneus’s army will attack, so keep a lookout for monsters and demons. Additionally...the chance is relatively low, but the Snake Sect may take the opportunity to strike, so be on your guard for that as well.”</p>

      <p><em>That’s...a lot of warnings. </em>Actually being at war really ramped up the tension.</p>

      <p>“Understood, Ortho,” I replied.</p>

      <p>“Until later,” he said, swiftly moving away. A massive tent was being constructed in the distance. Ortho gave instructions to his men, and I considered going to help, but these knights were professionals. I’d probably just end up getting in the way.</p>

      <p>Which meant...our party had some free time.</p>

      <p>And here I was, expecting some form of supervision... A thought had occurred to me during the journey: it was mostly the church and nobility who were so averse to the wicked deities and the Priestess of the Moon. By contrast, the knights didn’t seem to care all that much.</p>

      <p>So, what to do with this windfall of free time?</p>

      <p>I looked toward Furiae suddenly. She shot me a questioning look in return.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“You know the area, right? Show us around?” I requested. When you were in a new place, it was always best to ask the locals.</p>

      <p>“Okay. I suppose that’s fine,” she answered, turning and leading our group off.</p>

      <p>“Fuu, you walk too fast!” Sasa protested.</p>

      <p>“We’re coming with you, Fuuri,” said Lucy. “Heading off alone is dangerous.”</p>

      <p>Sasa and Lucy hurried right after her, and I followed behind them, keeping <em>Scout</em> up. Very few buildings were still standing, but remnants of a paved road were obvious along the ground.</p>

      <p>Furiae strode along that broken path without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“Nothing has changed at all,” she murmured. “Not that it’s much of a surprise.”</p>

      <p>“Really?” Sasa asked.</p>

      <p>“Really. I grew up in these ruins for over a dozen years...” Furiae then giggled. “I’ll never get tired of the sights.”</p>

      <p>There was a sense of enjoyment lurking under her words, so maybe she was cheering up a bit.</p>

      <p>“I always felt like it wasn’t quite fair, seeing Highland and Roses... Everyone lives out in the open, but my people were hidden away like moles.” She giggled again. “Every time I witnessed happiness from those who’d never had to drink from the mud...I could have happily killed them.”</p>

      <p><em>Nope, not cheery! Too much darkness in her heart...</em></p>

      <p>“H-Hey...” I stammered. “Princess Noelle is against the class system as well, so maybe there’ll be less discrimination once she takes the throne.” I’d heard someone mention that fact at some point.</p>

      <p>“I wonder about that,” Furiae replied. “She talks about removing the discrimination against elves and beastmen, but that doesn’t mean she thinks the same about cambions. Besides, the church doesn’t even see cambions as people.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve...heard that before,” Lucy said darkly.</p>

      <p>Highland was certainly infested with severely discriminatory views. Remembering how the pope acted, I could definitely imagine how deep those views went.</p>

      <p>“Besides, how can you rely on that woman?!” Furiae snapped angrily. “My knight, from the moment she was born, she’s had everything handed to her. I don’t want to hear any more about the Priestess of the Sun!”</p>

      <p><em>I don’t think she’s had </em>everything<em> since birth...</em> I thought. After all, she’d originally been third in line to the throne. And in fact, she’d only risen up in succession after becoming betrothed to the Hero of Light—Sakurai. She was merely half of the pair. Until then, she would have been aiming for the pope’s position and training herself as a priestess.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia had called Princess Noelle a far better person and a hard worker, so I’d formed that image of her as well... Still, this wasn’t the time or place to mention it.</p>

      <p>“I won’t bring her up again,” I assured Furiae. Then, changing the subject, I asked, “By the way, where are we heading?”</p>

      <p>“There,” she answered, pointing. A smallish hill rose up from the landscape in that direction—a large pile of stone bricks sat atop it. Though it definitely counted as ruins now, the bits of architecture that remained certainly looked the part of a once-great building.</p>

      <p>“That’s where the Moon Palace used to be. I lived underneath it,” she explained.</p>

      <p>At that, we descended.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Huh, there’s so much space under here,” Sasa commented.</p>

      <p>“Were they once secret passages?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>They both peered around with interest. We were currently in a wide, circular area, with many tunnels branching off the hub.</p>

      <p>“They were,” responded Furiae. “The former palace had practically a labyrinth of secret passages underneath it. They were designed as escape routes for wartime.”</p>

      <p>“It’s kind of like Great Keith’s capital,” I remarked as I recalled searching the underground passages for the Snake Sect alongside the Herald Knight.</p>

      <p>They’d used a sacrificial rite in those tunnels to try and destroy the city... <em>I’ll prepare </em>Scout<em>...just in case</em>, I thought, making sure my skill was ready to go.</p>

      <p>It found something instantly.</p>

      <p>“Sasa, Lucy! People are hiding over there. Princess, c’mere!” I exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“G-Got it,” Furiae stuttered, rushing quickly over to me.</p>

      <p>The people hiding were faster, though.</p>

      <p>“Don’t resist.”</p>

      <p>“Kill the knights!”</p>

      <p>“Save Lady Furiae!”</p>

      <p>“For the glory of the cambions!”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the figures hiding in the shadows came rushing at us. The person closest to the masked people...was Sasa.</p>

      <p>“If you want her to surv— Gauh!”</p>

      <p>The leader seemed to have decided that Sasa looked pretty weak compared to the rest of us, so he’d tried to grab hold of her...and was sent flying.</p>

      <p>Sasa had a blank look on her face and held her right hand out in front of her. I hadn’t even seen her throw the punch.</p>

      <p>The rest of the attackers stopped all at once.</p>

      <p><em>Yup, she’s our strongest</em>, I thought toward the leader.</p>

      <p>“Are they from the Snake Sect?” Lucy wondered. She held her staff over her head, along with a rumbling ball of fire five meters in diameter. It was always intimidating to see Lucy’s fireballs. A hit from one wouldn’t even leave bones behind—I was sure of it.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, I’m going to fry the lot of them,” she growled.</p>

      <p>“Sure. Leave the leader behind, though. We’ll take him back to Ortho.”</p>

      <p>“Okey dokey!” she cheered with an impish wink. Our whole exchange was obviously a joke.</p>

      <p>The massive fireball started billowing as Lucy poured more of her ridiculous mana reserves into it. It’d probably take out the whole palace if she let it fly...and we’d also be buried alive if she did.</p>

      <p>More, and more. She just kept pumping mana into the fireball she’d never launch. The air grew drier, fragments of mana burned in the air, and it became harder to breathe.</p>

      <p>The people attacking us must have been absolutely terrified.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the man Sasa had sent flying let out a cry. “W-Wait! If you’re going to kill us, just kill me! Please, let the others go!” he pleaded.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you seem familiar...” Furiae mused, stepping from out behind us. “Havel, is that you? What are you doing?”</p>

      <p>“Lady Furiae! Ahhh...to think the day would come that I could see your face again! Our comrades will save you! You need only wait!”</p>

      <p><em>These guys...</em></p>

      <p>“Friends of yours?” I asked her.</p>

      <p>“They are... My knight, mage, if you would wait a moment?”</p>

      <p>In answer to Furiae’s request, Lucy let her spell fizzle out. She really had gotten so much better with magic. “I never thought I’d see the day her spells were so reliable...” I mumbled.</p>

      <p>“What? Makoto! Seeing you so choked up over a fireball isn’t exactly comforting!” Lucy chastised.</p>

      <p>“What’re we gonna do with <em>them</em>, Takatsuki?” Sasa asked, pointing to the masked group.</p>

      <p>“Lady Furiae!”</p>

      <p>“Priestess!”</p>

      <p>“M-Meeting you again—”</p>

      <p>“Is a blessing.”</p>

      <p>The group had removed their masks and were kneeling on the floor around the princess. Some of them had been moved to tears, and their voices shook as they all but prayed to her... What on earth?</p>

      <p>“Princess, can you give us an introduction already?” I asked, waving at her.</p>

      <p>“How dare you speak to her in such a way!” the leader—Havel—boomed.</p>

      <p>“What did you say?” Sasa demanded, activating <em>Menace</em>.</p>

      <p>They all yelped, and Havel fell back to his knees. The others shrunk back as well.</p>

      <p>That was a lamia queen’s <em>Menace</em> for you... Properly terrifying!</p>

      <p>“Wait a while, my knight!” Furiae commanded.</p>

      <p>“Sure thing,” I answered before settling in to do just that. As far as I’d seen, we probably didn’t have to worry about them hurting her.</p>

      <p>Lucy, Sasa, and I waited for the others to finish talking. I just observed them vaguely.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Makoto... Have you realized?” Lucy whispered meaningfully into my ear. “They all look...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, they’re all cambions.”</p>

      <p>The people around Furiae all had horns, red eyes, or the like—demon features. They were just like the cambion children we’d met in the orphanage in Highland. These people were all <em>visibly</em> related to demons. Also, I’d thought they were all men at first, but there was at least one young woman among them. What kind of relationship did these people have with one another?</p>

      <p>Furiae spoke with them for a while before leaving them behind and coming over to me.</p>

      <p>“I am sorry, my knight. They follow Naya as I do, and they wanted revenge on the Highland knights for taking me away. Can you let their behavior pass...?”</p>

      <p>“Hmmm...”</p>

      <p>Well, technically, they <em>had</em> attacked us. Because Sasa was so strong, it hadn’t really been an issue, but if they’d gone after Lucy... Actually, no, she would’ve managed something—she’d grown pretty strong recently.</p>

      <p><em>I</em> was the weakest in close combat. <em>Now, how to answer?</em></p>

      <p>“The punishment for a cambion attacking someone is death...without exception...” Furiae added.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Sasa exclaimed in shock. I was on the same page—that was pretty extreme.</p>

      <p>“<em>That’s</em> why you want me to let it go?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“W-Will you?” she asked, a clear expression of fear on her face. She must have been close to them. “I...lived with them when I was young. I certainly do not want to see them killed.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re childhood friends...?” If so, it made sense that she’d want to save them.</p>

      <p>I glanced at Lucy and Sasa.</p>

      <p>“You can decide,” Lucy said.</p>

      <p>“I see no problem with that,” Sasa remarked. “No one got hurt.”</p>

      <p>“If you two say so,” I replied before turning to Furiae. “I didn’t see anything happen.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re sure...?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Though, make sure they don’t attack the Soleil Knights again.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, my knight.”</p>

      <p>If one of my childhood friends—for example, Sakurai or Sasa—were in danger of dying, I’d definitely do my best to save them. I would never be able to just watch them get executed. Of course, I couldn’t exactly imagine either of them being in danger... If anything, <em>I</em> was the one most at risk.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Lady Furiae... And our apologies to you all.”</p>

      <p>Her acquaintances all bowed their heads. Though, I had to admit, none of them <em>sounded</em> like they were childhood friends with her. I suppose it must have been because of how important her position was to them.</p>

      <p>“B-But!” One of them spoke up. “You call him your knight...is he your <em>guardian</em> knight, Lady Furiae?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, he is.”</p>

      <p>“Why?! We would lay down our lives for you!”</p>

      <p>“That’s right! He barely has any aura or mana! I doubt he can protect you!”</p>

      <p>“Please! Come back to us!”</p>

      <p>They practically had their heads to the floor as they pleaded with her.</p>

      <p><em>Guys, can you not just </em>dismiss<em> me like that?</em></p>

      <p>“My knight is the Hero of Roses. He also defeated Bifrons in Springrogue.”</p>

      <p>There was a collective noise of confusion and surprise.</p>

      <p>Did I really look <em>that</em> weak?</p>

      <p>“The warrior that blasted Havel away is Great Keith’s hero.”</p>

      <p>This time, the group uttered words of understanding.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, so you can accept </em>that<em> one?!</em></p>

      <p>“You saw the mage’s mana earlier. A hundred of you wouldn’t be enough to defeat them. And besides...if I chose a cambion as my guardian knight, Highland’s Temple Knights would slay them where they stood.”</p>

      <p>Everyone fell silent.</p>

      <p>“Guh. You, what’s your name?” the leader—Havel—asked me.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki...an otherworlder, then?”</p>

      <p>He was all up in my face. The man had silver hair and dark skin. His features were fairly handsome, but his red eyes and the horns on his forehead betrayed him as a cambion.</p>

      <p>“Please...look after Lady Furiae,” he murmured, almost glaring as he bowed his head reluctantly.</p>

      <p>“I will.” Not that I needed him to tell me that.</p>

      <p>“Lady Furiae, I am unsure how much assistance we will be, but should you ever need it, all of Laphroaig will stand with you.”</p>

      <p>After those parting words, the man signaled the others with a look, and they went to leave.</p>

      <p>“Wait,” Furiae called out to them. “The demon lords’ armies are heading to this continent. Did you all know that?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, we did...but this is still the only place we have left,” Havel replied with a saddened smile.</p>

      <p>“I...I see. Take care.”</p>

      <p>The cambions bowed once more before vanishing down one of the passages.</p>

      <p><em>At least we managed to avoid a pointless fight.</em> <em>Something’s still bothering me, though...</em></p>

      <p>I’d probably get accused of not reading the mood because of it...but well, we were at war.</p>

      <p>“Um...Princess?”</p>

      <p>“What is it, my knight?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, well it’s kinda awkward to ask, but...”</p>

      <p>I was trying to decide how to actually word it when she cut me off.</p>

      <p>“You’re worried they’re connected to the Snake Sect?”</p>

      <p>“Well...yeah.”</p>

      <p>“I thought you might be concerned about that, so I used my <em>Charm</em> to listen to their intentions. They weren’t lying—they have no links to the armies.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, okay.” She always did pay attention, and I was relieved by her assurance.</p>

      <p>It was now time to return to the Soleil Knights since I had a meeting to attend this evening. As we headed back to the campsite, I felt a poking at my shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Say...my knight?” Furiae asked, looking up at me through her eyelashes.</p>

      <p>“Yeah?”</p>

      <p>“What if I was lying? What if they <em>were</em> working for the demons?”</p>

      <p>“Were you?”</p>

      <p>“Well, no, but...”</p>

      <p>“Then I trust you.”</p>

      <p>Her eyes widened.</p>

      <p>“What’s up?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Some woman’s going to take advantage of you like that!” she shouted, avoiding my look.</p>

      <p>I didn’t understand how I’d pissed her off.</p>

      <p>“Look how red Fuu is. What’d you say to her?” Sasa teased, taking her place.</p>

      <p>“Nothing really,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Hmm.”</p>

      <p>“Do you do it on purpose?” Lucy asked. “Or is it all natural?”</p>

      <p>She must have overheard our conversation.</p>

      <p>“What’d he say?” Sasa asked her.</p>

      <p>“That he trusts in Fuuri.”</p>

      <p>“Well, neither of you think she’s lying either, do you?” I pointed out. “That’s why.”</p>

      <p>The two of them just stared at me oddly for a moment.</p>

      <p>“Flatterer.”</p>

      <p>“Bane of women.”</p>

      <p><em>Pickup artist.</em></p>

      <p>Now even Noah was getting on my case!</p>

      <p>“Shouldn’t we be focused on heading back?” Furiae yelled at us. “You’ve got that meeting tonight!”</p>

      <p>Whoops. Definitely didn’t want to be late to that.</p>

      <p>And so, we proceeded to the campsite. As soon as we arrived, we were ushered to the big tent in the middle of everything else.</p>

      <p>“Wow...”</p>

      <p>“It’s the same as in Springrogue.”</p>

      <p>Inside, a myriad of images floated in the air. This must’ve been the communication magic they’d been talking about earlier. I remember that back in Springrogue, the village chiefs had used it to confer with one another.</p>

      <p>According to Ortho, it was a standard spell now used by all the nations’ militaries.</p>

      <p>The largest of the images was of the Soleil Knights’ overall commander, Owain. I could see Sakurai by his side, and the Grandsage was there as well...sleeping?</p>

      <p>“Now, let us begin,” Owain said softly. “To start off this strategy meeting, let us discuss the situation on the demon continent.”</p>

      <p>“Yessir! I can begin,” one of his subordinates responded, prompting everyone to focus on him. “Firstly, the army led by Zagan is...”</p>

      <p>He read out what we knew of the armies’ positions, strengths, and organization. Everyone listened with serious expressions, nodding along. However, since I’d come from another world, none of it was really sinking in. Hearing different place names and the names of smaller demon races meant nothing to me.</p>

      <p>I looked back—Sasa had apparently gotten bored as well and was just stroking Twi.</p>

      <p><em>You’re a hero too, you know?</em></p>

      <p>“Lucy, Princess, any hints?” I asked them quietly.</p>

      <p>The two of them shook their heads.</p>

      <p>“Well...I don’t really know anything about the geography of that continent...” Lucy responded.</p>

      <p>“I hadn’t left Laphroaig until recently, so I do not know.”</p>

      <p>Guess they couldn’t offer any insight. If Princess Sophia or Fujiyan were here, then they’d probably be able to explain...</p>

      <p>I’d just have to ask Ortho later.</p>

      <p>The knights relayed a <em>lot</em> of information on the demon army, and the flow of intel showed no signs of stopping anytime soon.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I noticed Princess Sophia in one of the images. She was next to Princess Noelle, so they were probably in Highland’s castle. I also spotted Estelle—the Priestess of Fortune—so maybe they were gathering all the priestesses too.</p>

      <p>The image of Princess Sophia met my eyes. She smiled slightly, mouthing words. “I wish you luck,” was what it looked like—just some soundless encouragement.</p>

      <p>Should I reply somehow? I hesitated but ultimately offered a wave back.</p>

      <p>“Hero of Roses! Quit your flirting!”</p>

      <p><em>Guh!</em></p>

      <p>The yell had come from Gerry—the Hero of Lightning.</p>

      <p>Everyone looked toward me at once.</p>

      <p>“Taking it easy, elementalist? If you’re bored, why not come down here?” the Grandsage asked with a smirk.</p>

      <p>All the gazes I felt upon me were cold...and Princess Sophia’s face was bright red.</p>

      <p><em>Sorry, Sophia!</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>