<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Apologies for interrupting your training! Commander Ortho would like you to get some rest since you disabled all the en...e...mies... Uh?”</p>

      <p>“Wha?” Sasa and I said in unison, gawking at the intruder.</p>

      <p>It was one of Ortho’s knights. He just stared blankly at us. His eyes moved between my askew clothes and Sasa’s face—it was plainly obvious that my hand was frozen on the third button of Sasa’s shirt.</p>

      <p>Silence reigned in the building of ice.</p>

      <p>“E-Excuse me!” the messenger yelled before turning on his heel and running away.</p>

      <p>The two of us were left behind, unable to say a word.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Takatsuki?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, Sasa?”</p>

      <p>“The Soleil Knights know about this place?”</p>

      <p>“Well, the heroes are supposed to be on call all the time, so I told Ortho where I’d be training.”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah.”</p>

      <p>We just looked quietly at each other for a while.</p>

      <p>“L-Let’s head back,” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“Yeah.” She nodded.</p>

      <p>At that, we made our way back to the tent, hand in hand.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>One moment I was fast asleep on my bedding in the tent, and the next, I was awake in a vast, empty space.</p>

      <p>It seemed that my goddess had called me.</p>

      <p>“Hello, Noah.”</p>

      <p>She snickered. “My, if it isn’t chance-misser-Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Mako, Sophie’s all lonely! Give her some loooooove,” Eir added with an unhappy look.</p>

      <p>I quickly noticed something odd about this situation.</p>

      <p>“What are you two doing?” I asked.</p>

      <p>The goddesses were under a kotatsu, sitting around a hotpot.</p>

      <p>Noah scoffed. “You can see exactly what we’re doing—having a hotpot. Don’t just stand there, come and eat.”</p>

      <p>“I got all kinds of food for the New Year’s celebration—including some really nice duck—but I can’t finish it on my own, so I’m having Noah help,” Eir explained.</p>

      <p>“But it’s not that time of year...?” I questioned.</p>

      <p>“Uh, we’re talking about the divine realm. Not your world.”</p>

      <p>I sighed. So even the divine realm celebrated the New Year. The nice smell from the hotpot drew me in, and I cheerfully put my legs into the kotatsu.</p>

      <p>I looked at the bubbling pot and saw cabbage, chrysanthemums, carrots, tofu, shiitake, and other mushrooms. All of it floated in a base of mustard and soy sauce. Next to the hotpot, bright pink slices of duck were lined up.</p>

      <p>“Here’s your chopsticks, Mako. The duck gets really tough if you leave it in too long, so heat it up <em>just</em> before you wanna eat it. The meat is nice on its own, but I’d really recommend having some of the vegetables with it.” Eir was giving a really detailed lecture... Apparently, she was strict when it came to hotpot.</p>

      <p>“Eh, don’t worry about it! Just eat the way you want.” On the other hand, Noah was just as easygoing with this as she was with everything else. Her personality was certainly showing.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the food,” I said, taking a single slice of the meat and dipping it through the scalding soup.</p>

      <p>Once it’d heated through, I wrapped some of the mustard leaves around it and lifted the bite to my mouth.</p>

      <p><em>Wha?! </em>The meat juices burst in an explosion of flavor. I saw stars—rainbows filled my vision. My entire mouth tasted of joy and my mind went blank.</p>

      <p>Wh-What the hell?! I’d never had such tasty meat!</p>

      <p>“Wow, I don’t often see you that surprised,” Noah commented.</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s first-class golden duck from the divine realms!” Eir boasted. “Its tagline is ‘Heaven in a Single Bite.’”</p>

      <p>“Can humans actually eat that?” Noah asked Eir.</p>

      <p>“Mako’ll probably be fine. Use <em>Calm Mind </em>just in case.”</p>

      <p>“You could have told me that <em>before </em>I ate it.” It really had felt like I was being taken to heaven. I could practically see the angels tugging at my clothes. The whole experience of having hotpot with the two goddesses was odd, to say the least.</p>

      <p>“So, what am I here for today?” I asked while watching Eir add the finisher to the hotpot. I doubted they’d brought me here just to share a meal.</p>

      <p>“Hm, what was it? Eir said she wanted to talk to you,” Noah replied. She was packing away vanilla ice cream, even though we were in the middle of the hotpot. When I asked why she wasn’t having dessert last, she said she always had dessert when she felt like it.</p>

      <p>She sure was a free spirit...uh, goddess.</p>

      <p>“Right! It’s important. It’s about Irrie!”</p>

      <p>For how “important” the conversation was, Eir didn’t stop what she was doing—putting soba noodles in the soup. <em>Wait, soba noodles?</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, Eir, don’t you use rice gruel to finish off a hotpot?” Noah asked.</p>

      <p>“Ah-bah-bah. You have much to learn. Soba noodles are the best for duck hotpot.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, they are?”</p>

      <p>Noah and I looked into the pot with interest. The mix of juices from the duck combined with the soup broth smelled amazing. After a while, Eir portioned out the noodles into bowls for each of us, then topped them with some bright green spring onions and a sprinkle of shichimi.</p>

      <p>“Here you go.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Eir,” I replied, putting my hands together in thanks.</p>

      <p>“Mmm! This is great!” Noah exclaimed, diving straight in and slurping up some of the noodles.</p>

      <p>And so, the three of us enjoyed our soba. <em>Ahh, this is so calming... Hm? Are we forgetting something? Weren’t we just in the middle of a conversation...?</em></p>

      <p>“Oh yes, we were talking about Irrie!” exclaimed Eir. “She’s been down in the world this whole time!”</p>

      <p>“You spoke to her?” I asked, straightening. I wasn’t going to miss this information.</p>

      <p>“Why’s she in her priestess all the time?” Noah wondered.</p>

      <p>“Well, she’s still unhappy about the dark ages a thousand years ago. She said that’s why she’s staying down there—she doesn’t want to make another mistake with her precognition. It makes sense since it’s harder to see the future up in the divine realm.”</p>

      <p>After she finished speaking, Eir started tidying up the crockery.</p>

      <p>“I’ll give you a hand,” I said, moving to help out.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it, Mako. You just sit and relax.”</p>

      <p>Really? I was supposed to just let a goddess do the cleanup? Actually, this was Noah’s space...so shouldn’t she be doing it?</p>

      <p>I looked over at my goddess to see her eating a second ice cream.</p>

      <p>“What?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Nothing...”</p>

      <p>She seemed like she was having fun, so I chose to forget about it.</p>

      <p>“Still,” Eir said, “being down there makes it harder to see the big picture.”</p>

      <p>“Should she even be doing it?” Noah interjected. “It’s a bit of a gray area as far as the rules go, right?”</p>

      <p>Those rules again... Roughly speaking, divine beings were pretty much in agreement that the gods shouldn’t interfere directly in the mortal world. So, as far as that rule was concerned, Ira was probably on pretty thin ice.</p>

      <p>“I don’t see a problem if we beat the demon lord,” I said. If Ira being in our world helped everyone, then that was for the best.</p>

      <p>“Sure! It’ll be fine,” Eir cheered, giving a wink and a thumbs up. “Irrie’s all serious, so she’ll manage it properly.”</p>

      <p>“She will?” Eir’d certainty helped me relax. Everything would work out as long as Sakurai, Lucy, Sasa, and the others were fine.</p>

      <p>And yet, I heard Noah grumbling. When I turned, I saw that she looked unhappy.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong?” I asked her.</p>

      <p>“Eir, it feels like you’re scoring points. No converting Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“That won’t change anything,” Eir replied with a sigh. But Noah still seemed worried, and she got up close to me.</p>

      <p>“Here, Makoto. You can have this ice cream.”</p>

      <p>“No way—that’s your leftovers.”</p>

      <p>Though Noah had just been going to town on it, she now held the ice cream up to me. “What? You won’t eat something if it’s been in my mouth?! You cheeky disciple. Just eat!”</p>

      <p>She grabbed the spoon she’d been using, scooped up some of the ice cream, and—</p>

      <p>“Hey, don’t force it! Mmmph.”</p>

      <p>—shoved it into my mouth. The cold sweetness spread across my palate. It <em>was</em> tasty.</p>

      <p>“See! It’s great, right?!”</p>

      <p>“I would’ve preferred a new one rather than your leftovers, though.”</p>

      <p>“What was that?! Here, have another bite!”</p>

      <p>“No!”</p>

      <p>“You two sure have fun, huh?” Eir remarked, laughing at the pair of us.</p>

      <p>At that moment, my vision started going blurry. Time was up, it seemed.</p>

      <p>“See you later, Noah, Eir. Thanks for the conversation and hotpot.”</p>

      <p>“Bye, Mako! Good luck with the war☆!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t let your guard down.”</p>

      <p>I nodded in response to their advice. <em>I’ll have to brace myself</em>, I thought.</p>

      <p>At that point, I passed out.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>When I woke up, things were noisy and I could hear an argument nearby. I used <em>Listen</em> to check it out.</p>

      <p>“Spit it out, Aya! What were you doing with Makoto last night?!”</p>

      <p>“Man, Lu, we didn’t do anything☆”</p>

      <p><em>Guh... </em>They were talking about me.</p>

      <p>“Liar! I could smell him on you. Besides, I found some of his hair on your clothes! Caught you red-handed!”</p>

      <p>“Hawawawa!”</p>

      <p>Lucy’s logic was cornering Sasa. <em>I should get out of here, one way or another. How about...back to sleep?</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, Makoto’s awake.”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki’s awake.”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa reacted at the same time.</p>

      <p>How had they known?! My bed was behind a partition!</p>

      <p><em>Damn it. No choice...</em></p>

      <p>“Ah, he’s about to run. I saw it in the future. Grab him,” Furiae said.</p>

      <p>“Princess?!” <em>Don’t use </em>Future Sight<em> for that!</em></p>

      <p>In the end, they caught me...and we had to admit everything.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>