<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>The wig, hat, and outfit were all things she’d lent me, and since we were similar in stature, I could wear them too. As for <em>why</em> I was doing it... Well, her plan was essentially for Sakurai and me to pretend like we were<em> together</em>.</p>

      <p>This job would be dangerous for a girl, so we couldn’t make someone else do it. Since I was a guy, it was better for me to take the role, but this...was way more embarrassing than I’d expected. I’d never worn girls’ clothes before, and this was the route to school.</p>

      <p>As we walked, I glanced around nervously. <em>What if we run into someone we know?</em></p>

      <p>“I’m surprised Sasaki lent you her clothes,” Sakurai remarked.</p>

      <p>“She’s just getting a laugh out of it.”</p>

      <p>“A girl wouldn’t lend you her clothes just because of that.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“You’re...surprisingly dense.”</p>

      <p>We kept talking, strolling slowly down the street. It was past eight in the evening—anyone who didn’t have club activities would have gotten home ages ago, and even those who did rarely finished <em>this</em> late.</p>

      <p>So, we just kept moving slowly forward, waiting for the stalker.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I heard a skittering noise. Someone rushed over.</p>

      <p><em>Is it her?!</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t turn around. Our plan was to let Sakurai take the lead and decide how to react.</p>

      <p>“Ryousuke!” came a woman’s voice.</p>

      <p>He’d said she was older, but this voice was younger than I’d expected, almost like a classmate’s. It...was familiar.</p>

      <p>“I thought you had plans today? Oh, who’s this?”</p>

      <p>Wait, this was a classmate! It was Yokoyama!</p>

      <p>“Sakurai! This isn’t what we planned!” I whisper-shouted.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, I’ll distract her,” he whispered back.</p>

      <p>“I...heard you didn’t have a girlfriend at the moment. Is she...?” Her voice wasn’t as firm as usual. She sounded almost faint.</p>

      <p>“No, Saki—this is my cousin. She’s thinking of coming to our school, so she was checking it out. She’s staying at my place tonight, so I came to fetch her.”</p>

      <p>“This late?”</p>

      <p><em>Come on, Sakurai, she’s already suspicious!</em></p>

      <p>“She traveled from Chiba, so it took a long time. And she got on the wrong train, so she was even later. Right, Mako?”</p>

      <p>Speaking would definitely blow my cover, so I just nodded. The hat and wig were hiding my face, so I figured it should be fine. Also, “Mako” was pretty simple, even for a fake name.</p>

      <p>“Hm, so you’re Mako. Nice to meet you. I’m Saki Yokoyama.”</p>

      <p><em>Crap!</em> I had to reply, but I couldn’t talk! <em>What do I do?!</em></p>

      <p>“Sorry, Saki. She’s pretty tired, and shy as well. I’ll introduce you some other time.”</p>

      <p>“Right... Sorry for keeping you then.” Yokoyama didn’t look entirely convinced, but she walked off, apparently having decided not to keep questioning us.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Saki!” he called, grabbing her arm.</p>

      <p><em>Why’d you stop her?!</em></p>

      <p>“Ryousuke? Wh-What’s up?”</p>

      <p>“Take care on the way home. It’s pretty dark, so stay on the main roads.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right. I’ll be fine though. I’m used to this route.”</p>

      <p>“No! You shouldn’t be heading home alone at this time of night! I wish I could walk you back, but I can’t today...”</p>

      <p>“R-Right... Thank you for worrying about me. I’ll use the main roads.”</p>

      <p>“Take care. See you tomorrow, Saki.”</p>

      <p>“Right, you too!”</p>

      <p>Sakurai’s concern caused her mood to completely flip, from sad to elated. <em>This guy...how much of a ladies’ man could he be?</em></p>

      <p>“Sorry about that, Takatsuki. We managed to get through it.”</p>

      <p>“I thought my life was over...”</p>

      <p>Taking deep breaths to calm ourselves, we carried on again. But nothing else happened. Sakurai’s high-rise was already in sight. Today was a bust.</p>

      <p>Just when I’d decided to give up, I suddenly heard a clacking sound.</p>

      <p>High heels, <em>tap-tapping</em> against the asphalt. Someone was approaching us quickly. This time...it was the real deal. The footsteps stopped behind us.</p>

      <p>“Good work today, Ryousuke.”</p>

      <p>It was a low, woman’s voice. She didn’t seem bright or enthusiastic like either Sasaki or Yokoyama.</p>

      <p>“Good evening. Looks like we’re meeting again...” Sakurai’s voice shook.</p>

      <p>Meeting again? More like she’d followed him again. She actually <em>was</em> a stalker.</p>

      <p>“Why don’t you show that girl...your cousin...home, and then we can talk?”</p>

      <p>On top of following us, she must have overheard the conversation with Yokoyama.</p>

      <p>“Um...” Sakurai fumbled before finding his nerve. “I had something I wanted to tell you today.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, and what would that be? I’d prefer to talk alone, though.”</p>

      <p>Sakurai had done the setup, so now it was my turn. Would I manage to act properly? I prepared myself, then opened my mouth.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Miss, but I’m not Sakurai’s cousin,” I said in my normal voice. There was no need to pretend to be a girl anymore.</p>

      <p>“You’re...a boy? Why are you dressed up like that?” The stalker looked at me doubtfully—I suppose that was her natural reaction to my cross-dressing in front of her. The next line was extremely important. I’d have to say it...</p>

      <p>“Um, I’m—”</p>

      <p>Sakurai blurted it out before I could form the words.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki is my boyfriend!”</p>

      <p>There was a <em>long</em> pause.</p>

      <p>“What?” Her eyes were wide.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah...that’s about right.</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“You just need to be Sakurai’s partner!”</p>

      <p>That was Sasaki’s plan. At first, I hadn’t understood what she was getting at.</p>

      <p>“Uh, you want me to pretend to be a girl?”</p>

      <p>“No, you can just look like normal.”</p>

      <p>“Like normal? But, uh...we’re both guys, you know?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly! Okay, so the stalker is a woman, right?”</p>

      <p>“Apparently.”</p>

      <p>“If she knows Sakurai likes guys, she’ll have to give up.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...that’s not going to work,” I said, immediately rejecting the suggestion. “It’ll obviously be a lie.”</p>

      <p>Sasaki kept going, though.</p>

      <p>“There are plenty of people like that, even at school.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Who?”</p>

      <p>“I can’t tell you,” she replied, keeping the details private.</p>

      <p>Well, according to Sasaki, this kind of thing wasn’t rare. If the stalker was an adult, she’d probably understand...or so Sasaki said.</p>

      <p>“Though...maybe it’d be a good idea to pretend to be a girl at first. She might not turn up if you don’t. Then, once she’s there, let her know that you’re a boy <em>and</em> Sakurai’s boyfriend!”</p>

      <p>“Guh.”</p>

      <p>It all felt like a bit much. I wasn’t really happy about it, but I couldn’t think of any other plan, so we decided to give it a go.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>And now, the woman was looking blankly at us.</p>

      <p>“R-Really?” she asked.</p>

      <p><em>She bought it? </em>I thought the deception would be obvious. Sasaki was right.</p>

      <p>“Really!” Sakurai insisted, his voice serious. Man, he really could do anything...</p>

      <p>“Oh...I see. So you’re Ryousuke’s boyfriend...” Her pointed look made me want to correct her, but I resisted. “Okay...” she muttered. “If Ryousuke is that kind of person, then I would never be able to satisfy him.”</p>

      <p>She slumped and turned to leave.</p>

      <p><em>Phew, it’s over...</em></p>

      <p>“Wait a minute,” Sakurai called, stopping her. “Why me?”</p>

      <p><em>What’re you doing?!</em></p>

      <p>“Forget it... There’s no point in life anymore... I just want to vanish...”</p>

      <p>“Well, I might not be able to date you, but I can hear you out. We haven’t been able to talk properly before.”</p>

      <p>The woman seemed shocked. “You’d...listen to me?”</p>

      <p>“I can’t be your partner, but I don’t want to hear you saying that there’s no point to life.”</p>

      <p>What the hell? Why was he giving his stalker advice?!</p>

      <p><em>Seriously... Is he a saint?</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ The Next Day ◇</p>

      <p>“So, how’d it go?” Sasaki asked.</p>

      <p>“Well,” I began, “she apparently had a bad experience with a man that left her traumatized. Because of that, she’s scared of men her age, so she thought things might work out with Sakurai since he’s younger. She said she fell for him at first sight when she saw him in town.”</p>

      <p>“Huh... That’s kinda sad to hear.”</p>

      <p>“They’re friends now. He’s helping her to get over her fear.”</p>

      <p>“Uh... Whaaaaaa?!” Sasaki yelled in surprise. Yeah, I agreed—it was pretty shocking. Just what kind of person could help out their stalker?</p>

      <p>“Sakurai’s <em>too</em> friendly, isn’t he?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I think you’re pretty friendly yourself.”</p>

      <p>“I am?”</p>

      <p>“Yup. It seems like she was a gentle person, but you could have been stabbed!”</p>

      <p>I let the silence hang in the air.</p>

      <p>“Women only walk around with knives in TV shows and manga, right?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“There might be some girls like that who are closer than you think...”</p>

      <p>“Scary.”</p>

      <p>Sasaki and I laughed.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“I remember now...”</p>

      <p>That whole ordeal was definitely a <em>notable</em> moment from my past...but one I really wanted to forget.</p>

      <p>I recalled that Sasa had kept teasing me and asking what cross-dressing was like. And then, several years later, I couldn’t laugh about the situation because it felt like Sasa might actually come after me with a knife.</p>

      <p>Sakurai smiled. “See, you’ve always been willing to save me.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t lump your stalker in with the demon lord.” Zagan would be spinning in his grave.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, a voice called out to us. “Ah! There you are!” Yokoyama had spotted us hanging out.</p>

      <p>“Found you!” Sasa cheered.</p>

      <p>Furiae cocked her head. “Shall we head back?”</p>

      <p><em>Sasa, you shouldn’t be waving fruit knives around...</em></p>

      <p>The sky was a beautiful blue, with clouds drifting through the air. Since the weather was so nice, chatting about the past with my childhood friend definitely hadn’t been bad.</p>

      <p>This fight had been the riskiest so far, but we’d all managed to make it through.</p>

      <p>Our first battle against the demon army...had ended in victory.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>