<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: Makoto Takatsuki Finds Out about the Northern Front Plan</h1>

      <p>“We’re riding those?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“Wow!” exclaimed Sasa. “They’re so big!”</p>

      <p>The two of them were pointing to a collection of a dozen or so airships floating in the sky above the capital. This unit was called Scarlet Wing, and it was the pride and joy of Great Keith’s air force. It was an impressive sight, to be sure.</p>

      <p>“Let us embark, Sir Makoto,” said General Talisker.</p>

      <p>“Ah, General. We can get to Highland on my friend’s airship...” As I said that, I noticed that he’d brought a retinue of his subordinates to greet us. It almost felt like we couldn’t escape.</p>

      <p>“Our destination is the same,” he insisted. “Scarlet Wing is not only here for you, but for our own hero, Lady Aya. It makes sense for all of us to travel together.”</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto,” Princess Sophia whispered into my ear. “Let us take the general up on his offer.”</p>

      <p>I looked over to meet her gaze—her eyes said to give up.</p>

      <p>“It is hot here. Let us hurry and depart, my knight,” Furiae said, parasol in hand. She was also glaring up at the sun. Twi was sleeping on Furiae’s shoulder in the shade, and to be honest, I was impressed that the cat was managing to not fall.</p>

      <p>“Okay, Princess. Let’s go,” I said. We all quickly boarded the military airships.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>A few hours had passed since we’d left.</p>

      <p>I was sitting in a big conference room aboard the ship with General Talisker and the others. Princess Sophia, Prince Leonardo, Lucy, Sasa, and Furiae were all with us. The rest of the seats were occupied by various people from Great Keith’s military.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t settle down...</em></p>

      <p>I’d have honestly preferred to ride with Fujiyan. He was heading back to Macallan, though—Kawakita would be staying with Chris for the time being since she had no place to live. Macallan was probably the safest place for her. Fujiyan told us he’d catch up after he dropped her off.</p>

      <p>“I have information for you all,” the general said, staring out at us from the center of the conference table’s curve. “Great Keith has been constantly sending large numbers of warriors to gather intelligence on the demon lords’ armies.”</p>

      <p>Oh, that made sense. Had Roses been doing the same? I looked swiftly at Princess Sophia.</p>

      <p>“We don’t have the people for that...” she replied quietly.</p>

      <p>“I see...” The struggles of a weak country, I suppose.</p>

      <p>“According to our intel, there has been a change in their forces. Zagan and Forneus are massing their troops.”</p>

      <p>As one, we all drew a sharp breath. Zagan ruled over the plains of the continent, including the Ash Lake and Phantom Desert. Forneus controlled the entirety of the coast, ruling over the sea monsters. Normally, they would never join forces, which meant...</p>

      <p>“Are they planning an attack?” Prince Leonardo asked.</p>

      <p>The general nodded gravely. “Most likely.”</p>

      <p>“The demon army’s brass have made moves before, but this time, the order came from the demon lord himself. That has not happened since the war a hundred years ago,” one of the knights explained.</p>

      <p>“A hundred years ago... When Rosalie became a hero?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“That’s right—she fought with Highland’s hero against Valac,” Lucy explained quietly.</p>

      <p>This was definitely important news then. I considered what I’d learned about the northern continent in the Water Temple. During the dark ages a thousand years ago, the world had been ruled by the Great Demon Lord, Iblis. Nine lesser lords had served beneath him:</p>

      <p>Astaroth, the King of Ancient Drakes.</p>

      <p>Zagan, the King of Beasts.</p>

      <p>Forneus, the Abyssal King.</p>

      <p>Goliath, the King of Giants.</p>

      <p>Bifrons, the Undead King.</p>

      <p>Valac, King of the Flies.</p>

      <p>Erinyes, King of Fallen Heaven.</p>

      <p>Barbatos, King of Devils.</p>

      <p>And finally, Black Knight Cain...Noah’s former disciple.</p>

      <p>They had ruled the world—each continent in the cardinal directions, the seas between them, and even the floating continent. All of it.</p>

      <p>The world had been shrouded in ceaseless black clouds, with the surface dwellers firmly enslaved. Then, Abel the Savior had defeated the Great Demon Lord. This had scattered the other demon lords, and now, only three of them remained on the northern continent. Those demon lords were currently plotting to rule the world once again.</p>

      <p>The three of them—particularly Astaroth, who was known as the strongest of them—were the most powerful demon lords. Who knew how well they would fight?</p>

      <p>“With that said,” the general continued, changing the overall mood, “according to Sól, their movements have been postponed for Iblis’s resurrection. Is that not so, Priestess Dahlia?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Hence why we should strike while the iron is hot.”</p>

      <p>Naturally, the fire priestess was also part of this meeting. The Hero of Incandescence was at her side, but she was being oddly meek.</p>

      <p>“The events on the demon continent concern me,” said another soldier. “They usually aren’t ones for subterfuge...”</p>

      <p>“The cambions—traitors of mankind in the form of the Snake Sect—have dispersed into the armies. This gathering of troops may have been at their urging. After all, they specialize in that kind of thing.”</p>

      <p>The labeling of cambions as “traitors of mankind” bothered me, and I used <em>RPG Player’s</em> perspective switch function to look behind me. Furiae had an aggrieved look on her face. I turned my physical eyes to her, silently asking whether we should say anything. After a moment, she gave me a look that said, “Just stay quiet and listen.” This annoyed me a bit, but I did as she wished.</p>

      <p>“The Northern Front Plan will commence in a month,” General Talisker stated. “This is based on the message from Lady Estelle about how the demons’ plans are delayed by over sixty days. The specifics of our strategy will be discussed when all the heroes are gathered in Highland. Does anyone have any questions?”</p>

      <p>Silence filled the conference room.</p>

      <p><em>So Iblis’s return could be only two months away...</em></p>

      <p>It had been about two years since we’d come to this world. While there’d been a lot of trouble for us on a personal level, the continent as a whole had been at peace.</p>

      <p>If I hadn’t purposely made my way into dungeons and fought against the Snake Sect, I’d have probably been able to relax and enjoy the otherworld life. But war was on the horizon—a war between the allied races of the western continent and the demons of the northern continent.</p>

      <p>Something suddenly occurred to me. <em>Huh... I’m pretty sure people live on the other continents, right?</em></p>

      <p>“General, I have a question.” I raised my hand like I was back in school, and everyone turned to look at me.</p>

      <p>“What is it, hero?”</p>

      <p>“Are we coordinating with countries on the other continents?”</p>

      <p>There were continents to the east and south of us as well, and I thought that humans and other races were probably living there. But, since our continent didn’t conduct much trade with them, I hadn’t found out much about these places in the Water Temple.</p>

      <p>“Ah, of course. You are an otherworlder, so you would not know. Yes, we have sent envoys to the other continents asking for aid. However...”</p>

      <p>The southern continent was split into three large countries. Highland had sent a representative to the largest empire, but after taking into account the distance between the northern and southern continents, they had declined to participate. Instead, they promised aid in the event that the Great Demon Lord returned. The other two smaller countries followed the empire’s example.</p>

      <p>Things were even worse in the east—those nations were embroiled in a power struggle to rule the continent. It was impossible to tell who would win, and sending an envoy to any specific country could fan the flames even further. As such, there would be no assistance from them.</p>

      <p>“When Iblis returns, he is likely to aim for the west first. We are closest to the demon continent, and Abel the Savior also came from this continent.”</p>

      <p>“I...see. Thank you for answering,” I replied as his explanation wound down.</p>

      <p>The western continent definitely felt the demons’ threat most clearly. The fear of the Great Demon Lord was still alive and well here. That was why there were hardly any conflicts between the various countries—we all needed to be ready to prepare for war with the demons. The other continents didn’t feel as much of the risk though. Ultimately, they would be no help here.</p>

      <p><em>It’s a bad situation...</em> I thought as the conference drew to an end.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Several days later, we arrived in Symphonia. The massive castle had been visible from quite a ways out. The castle in Gamelan was large as well, but not on the same level. A statue of Abel the Savior, sword drawn, stood in front of the massive fortress town, and its green tinge made me think of the Statue of Liberty.</p>

      <p><em>Wait, what? </em></p>

      <p>Something felt <em>really</em> off. What was it?</p>

      <p>“There’s the capital,” Sasa pointed out, leaning over the railing. “I wonder if Saki’s all right.”</p>

      <p>I wanted to tell her that being so close to the edge was dangerous, but if she fell, she probably wouldn’t even get hurt.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Sasa?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“What’s up?”</p>

      <p>“Was the statue always that color?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? I think so?”</p>

      <p>“It feels like it’s different than the last time I saw it...” Maybe I was just misremembering?</p>

      <p>“I think I’d notice if it’d changed,” she said.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, probably...” Sasa was right. I must’ve just misremembered.</p>

      <p>“We will be arriving soon,” one of the general’s subordinates informed us. “There are carriages waiting below. We will take them to the castle.”</p>

      <p>He soon led us down to them.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Think Sakurai’s good, Princess?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Of course he is,” Furiae replied curtly. “He’s the Hero of Light, after all.”</p>

      <p>I was looking forward to speaking with Sakurai again. He’d probably be busy with the demon army’s plots, though. Would we have time to talk? I looked out of the carriage at the city streets and saw as many people as ever.</p>

      <p>Only humans though. I couldn’t see any elves or beastmen.</p>

      <p>Unlike in Roses or Great Keith, there were clear lines between the races in Symphonia. I wondered how that mafia guy, Peter, was doing. The kids in the church in the ninth district were on my mind as well.</p>

      <p><em>I can’t spend all my time worrying about everyone. We’re about to go to war...</em></p>

      <p>Eventually, the carriage reached the castle gates and halted. As I moved to leave the carriage, Furiae called out to me.</p>

      <p>“My knight. Disaster shall find thee...maybe?”</p>

      <p>“Where’d that come from?”</p>

      <p>“I just saw a moment of the future...” she murmured. “But I didn’t really understand it.”</p>

      <p>“I really wish you’d quit making me worried,” I griped, staring flatly at her as we passed through the gate along the paved path.</p>

      <p>“Stop, Takatsuki,” Sasa said, pulling at my arm.</p>

      <p>“Wha?”</p>

      <p>“What gives?” would’ve been the next words out of my mouth, but I didn’t get the chance—there was a sudden flash right in front of me. A second later, the ground shook and dust filled the air.</p>

      <p><em>Is it a bomb?! The Snake Sect?!</em></p>

      <p>Hurriedly, I unwrapped my right arm and got ready to fight. When the dust gradually cleared, it revealed a blond swordsman in golden armor. His aura was sparking off his armor.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, it’s you.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, Hero Makoto Takatsuki of Roseeees!”</p>

      <p>He was so loud. Seriously. He didn’t need to shout.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Gerry,” I replied after a moment. “You seem...well.”</p>

      <p>“C’mere!”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t help but let out a noise. <em>Yeah, he’s just as rude and haughty as ever. </em>This was the Hero of Lightning, Gerald Ballantine.</p>

      <p>“Did you have some business with me?” I asked, trying to keep things low-key.</p>

      <p>“You...! ’Course I do! You pulled one over on me.”</p>

      <p>“Pulled one over?”</p>

      <p>He was approaching me rapidly, a glare on his face. Oh no. The blond hoodlum was coming my way. Scary. I wanna run.</p>

      <p>“Brother!” a blonde woman yelled, running up and grabbing his arm before tugging him back.</p>

      <p>“Let me go!” Gerald shouted.</p>

      <p>“I will not! Why are you being so belligerent?! You just want to talk to him about the demon lord in Springrogue, don’t you?!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t tell him that!”</p>

      <p>Oh...that’s what this was about.</p>

      <p>“I just got lucky there,” I told him.</p>

      <p>“Pull the other one!” Gerald yelled. “No one’s been able to do anything about that grave for a thousand years! They couldn’t even get near it! You took out a demon lord first, you bastard! That was your plan from the start, wasn’t it?!”</p>

      <p>I could almost hear... Actually, scratch that, I <em>did</em> hear him grind his teeth.</p>

      <p>“Come on, you’re bothering him,” Janet scolded before turning to me. “My apologies. I had been looking forward to seeing you again, but it seems now is not a good time.” She started pulling her brother away.</p>

      <p>“Stop yanking me!” he protested as they moved farther back.</p>

      <p>“Oh, right,” Janet said, turning to smile at me before they actually left. “Makoto Takatsuki, please make some time tonight.”</p>

      <p>Gerry and I uttered noises of confusion at the same time.</p>

      <p>“Ah...Janet? What is it you need...?”</p>

      <p>“The hell do you mean, ‘tonight’?!’”</p>

      <p>“It has nothing to do with you,” she told her brother. “Until later, Makoto Takatsuki.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>