<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Makoto Takatsuki Fights the Demon Lord</h1>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Ryousuke Sakurai’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>Two years ago, my classmates and I all found ourselves in another world.</p>

      <p>The Water Temple investigated our skills and found out I was the “Hero of Light.” In the blink of an eye, I became the reincarnation of their savior.</p>

      <p>Though the pressure was immense, it wasn’t all bad. Highland offered me the best possible treatment and said I could bring my friends. We would all be state guests, and if I fought as their Hero of Light, they’d guarantee all of our lifestyles. I invited everyone, but anyone who had strong skills decided to go it alone. Even Takatsuki turned me down, which was a shame.</p>

      <p>I learned about this new world and was taught how to use a sword and magic. I met so many people. Then, I fought against the demon lords’ armies. The fighting went well—I managed to follow the strategy and defeat the demon lord Zagan. We didn’t suffer many losses either.</p>

      <p>Commander Owain ordered us not to pursue. We could not fall back until they retreated entirely, so we had been waiting to see how the situation developed, and then—</p>

      <p>“The demon lord’s army is still attacking!”</p>

      <p>—they descended upon us once more. We had let our guard down, assuming victory over Zagan.</p>

      <p>Before we knew it, the seventh division and I were all sealed off in a barrier. It was designed solely to hold the Hero of Light, and it was strong enough that even <em>my</em> attacks had no effect. That...had never happened before. Additionally, the sunlight, the source of my strength, was weakening. This was all probably part of their plans. My comrades fell, one after another.</p>

      <p>Eventually, I was the only one left standing.</p>

      <p><em>How long...can I keep fighting...? </em></p>

      <p>I pushed doubt aside, swinging my sword over and over.</p>

      <p>I could keep going. I could last another hour.</p>

      <p>Two hours later—I could fight on through sheer force of will.</p>

      <p>At three hours, even thinking was difficult.</p>

      <p>At four...I was probably done for.</p>

      <p>No one was coming to save me.</p>

      <p>My comrades were dead. I’d already used up my restoratives. I couldn’t escape from the barrier. Countless monsters surged, attacking me over and over.</p>

      <p>My sanity was slipping.</p>

      <p>I was no longer swinging my sword out of duty as a hero, but because I feared death. Though I was desperate, I knew—it would be over soon. My thoughts finally faded. I cut down enemies robotically, without thinking. Just when I was about to fall to my knees...</p>

      <p>Cold water splashed my face.</p>

      <p><em>An attack?!</em></p>

      <p>And yet, it didn’t hurt. There was no malice to it, and water magic was offensively poor anyway. I turned to see who was now standing against me.</p>

      <p><em>Oh...</em></p>

      <p>I felt like crying.</p>

      <p>Not an enemy... It was a mage. My childhood friend.</p>

      <p><em>Takatsuki.</em></p>

      <p>“Let’s rip that barrier down,” he declared with a silly look on his face. He was just the same as ever. That expression was so similar to the one he’d worn back in junior high. He’d helped me then too.</p>

      <p>“But...how?”</p>

      <p>I’d attacked the barrier countless times. Our army outside with Commander Owain had lots of powerful mages, but even though it had been a whole day, they still hadn’t broken the deadlock.</p>

      <p>However, his response wasn’t an answer to my question.</p>

      <p>“Sakurai, grab on to me somewhere.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“Come on, hurry up.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay.” I gripped his shoulders tightly.</p>

      <p>“You don’t need to use both hands...” he muttered. “Well, whatever.”</p>

      <p>He lifted his left hand.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Grand Cascade</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Whoa!”</p>

      <p>The next moment, a huge amount of water fell on the area—it was like Takatsuki had upturned an entire swimming pool. And it just...kept...going. Before I knew it, the whole field was completely covered. W-Were we going to drown?!</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Water Breathing</em>, oh, and <em>Water Magic: Water Talk</em>,” I heard. Then, “Can you hear me, Sakurai? Can you breathe all right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Wow... I never knew this spell existed.”</p>

      <p>I remembered him using the breathing spell in Labyrinthos, but I didn’t know there was a spell for talking while underwater. He’d also used a spell called <em>Grand Cascade</em> to conjure all this water. That meant he was controlling <em>three spells </em>at once. We barely had any mages, even in the Soleil Knights, who could maintain that many at the same time.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki! We’ve got company!”</p>

      <p>Despite the torrent of water, some monsters lunged for us again, seeming barely affected by the spell.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Flow</em>,” Takatsuki cast. He didn’t even look. Suddenly, the monsters started spinning...and they were dragged away.</p>

      <p>“I wonder how long it’ll take to fill the dome,” murmured Takatsuki. “The water was summoned with magic, so the barrier’s treating it as an attack and absorbing it... Hmm, I guess that’s what I expected.” He gave a faint smile and scratched his cheek.</p>

      <p>The situation had changed somewhat, but wasn’t it still bad?</p>

      <p>“What’s the point if it’s absorbing the spell?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry, I’m conjuring water faster than it’s being absorbed.”</p>

      <p>“That’s...possible?”</p>

      <p>“Yup. With elemental magic, at least.” He smiled smugly. I remembered that expression from when he used to play pranks at school.</p>

      <p>“Time for the next step!”</p>

      <p>Next step? What did he mean?</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Abyss</em>.”</p>

      <p>I felt a chill run up my spine. This was the spell he’d used against the Hero of Lightning in Highland.</p>

      <p>“Sakurai. Don’t let go.”</p>

      <p>I nodded. Then, I heard his voice again, albeit being carried by his water magic.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ten Thousand Meter Depth</em>.”</p>

      <p>This world didn’t use meters, so it was surely a spell he’d invented. If I remembered right, the deepest part of Earth’s sea was the Mariana Trench, which was about eighteen thousand meters deep. So that meant...ten thousand was over half of that. I wasn’t exactly a scientist, but I seemed to remember that this depth exerted a crushing amount of pressure—one ton of weight per every square centimeter. No creature could survive that.</p>

      <p>I used <em>Scout</em> to see how many monsters in the barrier were still alive.</p>

      <p>None.</p>

      <p>“T-Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>I was worried. This was the fifth spell he was controlling. And considering the scale of <em>Abyss</em>...was he going to be able to maintain the mana and keep everything up?</p>

      <p>“Over there! More monsters incoming! Nice!” Takatsuki cheered.</p>

      <p>Apparently, he was just fine.</p>

      <p>We waited in the water for a while, but no monsters actually got close to us.</p>

      <p>For the first time in hours, things were peaceful.</p>

      <p>“This is boring,” he protested, stretching. He was maintaining <em>Grand Cascade</em> and <em>Abyss</em>, crushing monsters as they kept coming. <em>Like it’s nothing...</em> This level of spellcasting would normally require a ridiculous amount of concentration...</p>

      <p>“So...what are we going to do now?” I asked. After all, we <em>were</em> still trapped in here.</p>

      <p>However, his response wasn’t something I expected.</p>

      <p>“I guess just wait for twenty-four hours.”</p>

      <p>“Twenty-four hours?!” In my shock, I almost let go of him. That was a whole day...</p>

      <p>“Estelle’s prediction was that you wouldn’t last the night. So, if we just make sure you do, it’ll probably change the outcome.”</p>

      <p>“But...twenty-four hours...” There was no way he could concentrate for that long.</p>

      <p>“I’ve gone three times that long playing a game.”</p>

      <p>I was silent. Right... I remember him talking about not sleeping for three days. Apparently, it was true.</p>

      <p>“I’m bored,” he whined. “Sakurai, let’s chat.”</p>

      <p>“<em>Here?!</em>”</p>

      <p>The contrast between this casual demeanor and the absolutely desperate state I’d been in not even an hour ago...was dizzying.</p>

      <p>“Do you have any interesting stories?” he asked.</p>

      <p>Well, that was <em>one</em> way of changing the topic. But it was also typical Takatsuki.</p>

      <p>“Uh... Well, I guess I did fight against an ancient dragon in Caol Ilan...”</p>

      <p>“Oh, nice! I wanna hear about it!”</p>

      <p>So I told him. And after I finished, he told me about the mess in Great Keith. Then, he asked a whole bunch of questions about my fiancées. I asked why, and he replied that he was doing better with women these days, but he wanted advice on how to take things more seriously. I honestly didn’t think I was the person to ask, but I obliged.</p>

      <p>We passed the time talking, and then suddenly, we heard a snap, followed by a huge cracking sound.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki! The barrier!”</p>

      <p>“Oh... That was quicker than I expected.”</p>

      <p>All around us, the dome was breaking down.</p>

      <p>“How on earth did you...?”</p>

      <p>His response was nonchalant. “I think I just surpassed the amount it could absorb and overwhelmed the structure.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, there were two general methods for breaking barriers. The first was to understand how it was constructed and take it apart cleverly. But the other way was the brute force approach—overwhelm it with magic head-on. Takatsuki had gone for the latter.</p>

      <p>“I thought it’d hold out for a little longer.”</p>

      <p>Something was odd about the way he said that. He sounded almost disappointed, like he’d wanted it to put up more of a fight.</p>

      <p>“You’re up, Sakurai.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right.”</p>

      <p>I soon understood why. Once the barrier completely splintered, Takatsuki’s water transformed into a massive dragon and rocketed up into the clouds. It had been a whole day since I’d seen the sky, and now it was covered in dark clouds. Yet, something else drew my eye.</p>

      <p>A massive silver beast was standing in front of us.</p>

      <p>It was a familiar sight, though the iteration I remembered was much older.</p>

      <p>Demon lord Zagan.</p>

      <p>From what Takatsuki had told me in the barrier, this version of Zagan had inherited the previous one’s power and was now even stronger.</p>

      <p>And now, all that power stood right in front of us.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>Zagan looked—simply put—like a massive silver lion.</p>

      <p>“He’s...a bit big, isn’t he?” I couldn’t help but say.</p>

      <p>That was just how large he was—he was probably over a hundred meters tall, which made dragons and giants look like kittens. If I didn’t know any better, I’d have called him a <em>kaiju </em>rather than a demon lord.</p>

      <p><em>I explained before: Zagan is descended from the Divine Beast of the Earth, Behemoth</em>, said Noah. <em>He’s on a different level from monsters and dragons.</em></p>

      <p>That was information she’d relayed before I’d arrived at the battlefield. Apparently, Behemoth had remained in the world even after the ancient war of Titanomachia and had given birth. The beast’s descendants had all become demon lords.</p>

      <p><em>That’s </em>really<em> making a nuisance of yourself...</em> <em>Incidentally, where </em>is<em> Behemoth?</em></p>

      <p>Noah scoffed and replied, <em>Sleeping on the demon continent. Just like the last fifteen million years. Don’t worry, she’s not waking up. On maps, she’s called the Hazel Mountain Range.</em></p>

      <p>She was treated as a mountain range? Leviathan was big enough already...</p>

      <p>“Think you can manage?” I asked Sakurai.</p>

      <p>“I’d love to say I can...but I only defeated the last one because I was under the sun. So, as things currently stand...”</p>

      <p>I peered up. The sky was still covered in dark clouds with no sunlight peeking through at all. We’d need to do something about that.</p>

      <p>But then, it happened.</p>

      <p>“<b>×××××××××××××</b>”</p>

      <p>Zagan’s mouth opened. The air vibrated in violent tremors. His voice was pretty much an attack all on its own. The demon lord was speaking in a low, menacing voice, but—</p>

      <p>“Sakurai, what did he say?”</p>

      <p>—I couldn’t understand any of it. It wasn’t a human language. Naturally, it wasn’t Elemanti either.</p>

      <p>“I think it’s the demon language, but I don’t know it either,” he replied apologetically.</p>

      <p>The demon lord continued the same way.</p>

      <p><em>Come on! Talk so we can understand you!</em> I had a feeling his words were directed at us. At least Bifrons and Setekh had both spoken our language!</p>

      <p><em>Well, the two of them ruled over the continent a thousand years ago</em>, explained Noah. <em>Without learning your language, they could’ve never managed the mortals. Zagan here has only ever been on the demon continent, so I guess that’s the only language he can speak.</em></p>

      <p>Made sense. By the way, Noah, can you speak the demon language?</p>

      <p><em>More or less... Wait, are you trying to make me interpret?</em></p>

      <p>Ah, sorry. Guess that’s not happening.</p>

      <p><em>Oh well. Just this time, you hear?</em></p>

      <p>Nice! She’d agreed.</p>

      <p><em>Okay, so he said this: “Foolish humans. The demons shall rule over the land again, vindicating their honor from a millennium ago.” He just kept on going on with stuff like that. He also challenged the Hero of Light to a duel.</em></p>

      <p>So, nothing important. Also...he considered this trap a duel?!</p>

      <p>“Sakurai, attack him while he’s posturing,” I muttered.</p>

      <p>“U-Uhhh... Are you sure?” Sakurai hesitated at my suggestion. <em>Come on, man... There’s a limit to being polite.</em></p>

      <p>“By the way, I’ve been trying to get rid of those clouds, but it’s not going well. I can control them, but they just come straight back.” I was using my <em>Right Hand of the Elemental</em> to control the weather, but it wasn’t working on the <em>Clouds of Darkness</em>. I could clear it for about thirty seconds at a time, but that was like a drop in the ocean.</p>

      <p>“The day before yesterday when we defeated the last Zagan, I fought alongside Commander Owain, the other commanders, and the Grandsage. But now...” Sakurai looked out into the distance. In that direction, I could see the allied army fighting fiercely.</p>

      <p>We wouldn’t be getting any reinforcements. And, though we’d gotten rid of the barrier, they didn’t know that Sakurai was safe. The massive body of Zagan in front of us certainly garnered all the attention—not many idiots would launch an attack at such a lively demon lord.</p>

      <p>“So...tactical retreat?” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“If only we could...”</p>

      <p>We stared at the massive silver beast in front of us. It was hard to tell where he was looking because of his size, but I was pretty sure it was at us.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto! He said that if you don’t reply, he’ll start things off!</em></p>

      <p>Reply <em>how</em>?! <em>Zagan, speak so we can understand you!</em></p>

      <p>“Sakurai! Get ready!”</p>

      <p>“R-Right!”</p>

      <p>We braced ourselves for his attack. The king of beasts opened his mouth wide. What was he planning...?</p>

      <p>Light started to gather in his gaping maw.</p>

      <p><em>No way...</em></p>

      <p>A flash of brilliance burst from his mouth, headed straight for us.</p>

      <p>What? Am I dead...? I felt like I’d been thrown into the sun.</p>

      <p>“<em>Holy Sword: Explosion</em>!”</p>

      <p>But then, Sakurai swung his sword. The two attacks collided in midair and burst, canceling out the other.</p>

      <p>“Wow! We might just—” I cut myself off.</p>

      <p>Sakurai always looked completely unruffled, but his shoulders were heaving as he gasped for breath.</p>

      <p>“Sakurai...are you okay?”</p>

      <p>“I can’t regenerate my mana or aura without the sunlight... We’re going to be in trouble if he keeps that up.”</p>

      <p>This was bad.</p>

      <p>“Let’s hide for now,” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>The two of us used <em>Stealth</em> to put some distance between us and Zagan.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Mist</em>. I didn’t know whether it would actually work as a smoke screen, but I covered the area in fog anyway. Hopefully, we could use it to slip by and escape.</p>

      <p>The beast’s roar echoed through the air. Less than a second later, the ground began shaking like it was about to overturn.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki! Grab onto me!”</p>

      <p>“Thanks!”</p>

      <p>Just as I was about to fall, Sakurai supported me. We stumbled on, getting farther and farther from Zagan.</p>

      <p>Then, suddenly, something rushed into our field of vision.</p>

      <p>A wall.</p>

      <p>We were encircled by a massive wall.</p>

      <p>Zagan wasn’t letting us get away.</p>

      <p>He’d been able to conjure that huge wall so quickly. <em>Hell, that might even put him on the same level as that giant we met in Roses...</em></p>

      <p>Noah’s voice filled my mind. <em>Zagan carries the blood of Behemoth, the Divine Beast of the Earth. Just assume that the whole ground is his weapon.</em></p>

      <p>I appreciate the explanation, but maybe offer a strategy guide instead?</p>

      <p><em>A hero with a goddess’s blessing is the best tool for defeating a demon lord. Your best chance is to rely on the Hero of Light, but...</em></p>

      <p>I glanced at Sakurai. He was gazing back at me.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to get us some light for a second,” I said. “See if you can do anything with it.”</p>

      <p>“Got it!”</p>

      <p><em>Right Arm of the Elemental</em>.</p>

      <p>A hole swirled into existence among the clouds, allowing sunlight to stream through. Sakurai lifted his sword—light gathered around him.</p>

      <p>But then...</p>

      <p><em>They’re pushing back!</em></p>

      <p>The clouds were probably made from mana, so I couldn’t control them like I could normal clouds. <em>I should probably treat them like they’re a spell from another mage.</em></p>

      <p>However high my magic mastery was, I couldn’t control someone <em>else’s</em> spell.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki! He noticed us!”</p>

      <p>“Guh!”</p>

      <p>The demon lord had his mouth open again, charging another shot of his laser attack.</p>

      <p><em>You’re that damn big and have a long-range attack?! What are you, Godzilla?!</em></p>

      <p>The light flashed.</p>

      <p>“<em>Holy Sword: Grand Cross</em>!”</p>

      <p>The beam from Sakurai’s sword met Zagan’s attack, and both detonated.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!” I yelled as the blast launched me into the air.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki?!”</p>

      <p>Sakurai managed to catch me, but this wasn’t going to work. As I was, my presence was a hindrance more than anything else. <em>Maybe we should try something different...</em></p>

      <p>Just as I was thinking that, a shadow fell over us. The massive lion bore down, staring right at us. He raised an enormous paw, then let it fall, his wicked claws glowing like magma.</p>

      <p><em>Crap!</em> Sakurai was already in an unstable position after catching me.</p>

      <p>We couldn’t get out of this. Sakurai seemed to feel the same way—out of the corner of my eye, I saw him readying his sword.</p>

      <p><em>This might not work, but I have to try...</em> <em>Calm Mind 100%</em>. I reached unconsciously for Noah’s dagger, hoping that my last-minute idea might give us a chance...</p>

      <p>“Hey.”</p>

      <p>Sakurai and I yelped as a voice spoke from behind us. We turned, but our vision went black for a second.</p>

      <p>The same voice spoke again, this time in exasperation. “The two of you are in quite the predicament, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>Before we knew what was going on, the two of us were hanging in the air like kittens grabbed by the scruffs of their necks. The ground below us—where we’d been standing moments before—was gone. In its place was a massive, burning crater.</p>

      <p><em>The hell kind of attack was that?!</em> If we’d been on the ground, Sakurai and I would be dead right now. Somehow, we’d escaped by the skin of our teeth.</p>

      <p>I recognized this feeling—it was the same thing I’d experienced when Lucy sent me here. However, the mana was dozens of times more refined.</p>

      <p>A chantless <em>Teleport</em>.</p>

      <p>Across the entire continent, there were very few people who could cast that without the incantation. I shifted and finally managed to look back.</p>

      <p>Snow-white hair, a white robe, and gleaming red eyes...</p>

      <p>“You came...” Sakurai said in relief. I let out a sigh as well. <em>Phew, she saved us.</em></p>

      <p>“Let us defeat him.”</p>

      <p>I was relaxed by that dependable voice, and when I looked back, I met the eyes of the great mage. However, I quickly noticed something.</p>

      <p>“Grandsage... You don’t look so good.”</p>

      <p>She was a vampire, so she was always pale, but right now, she seemed even more so... Her expression seemed slightly stiff as well.</p>

      <p>“That’s what I get for forcing myself back here... Sorry, Elementalist, but I’ll take my <em>usual</em>.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right.”</p>

      <p>I pulled my collar down and offered my throat. She latched on immediately and started drinking... It seemed like she guzzled a bit more, and a bit faster, than usual... I was feeling somewhat light-headed.</p>

      <p>“Grandsage?!” Sakurai was panicking. “That’s too much!”</p>

      <p>“Phwah! Aaah, a long journey really does add to the taste.”</p>

      <p>“Am I just a sports drink to you?” I griped.</p>

      <p>She ignored me. “Finally, I feel alive again.”</p>

      <p><em>You’re undead, though, right?</em></p>

      <p>“Grandsage, take some from me as well,” Sakurai offered.</p>

      <p>“I’d love to, but...” she said, trailing off.</p>

      <p><em>It’s kinda unfair how she’s only drinking from me...</em> But then, I remembered something. Really...was that it? She’d mentioned that nonvirgin blood tasted bad before, hadn’t she?</p>

      <p>“Is this really the time to complain about that?” I asked bluntly.</p>

      <p>“Honestly...I tried it once, but it was unbelievably terrible. I don’t think I’ve tasted something so rancid since Johnnie’s...”</p>

      <p>“It’s <em>that</em> bad?”</p>

      <p>Her expression was so serious that I couldn’t say anything more. Besides, it definitely wasn’t the time for this conversation. The <em>Teleport</em> had won us some distance, but Zagan still seemed to know where we were...and that the Grandsage was here too.</p>

      <p>“Can you fight, Hero of Light?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Well...I think it’ll be tough. I can barely even deflect his attacks.”</p>

      <p>There was a long pause.</p>

      <p>“I see. Okay then. Leave him to me—you two run.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>We weren’t going to fight together? From what Sakurai had said, they’d all worked together to defeat the last Zagan. Surely we should do the same this time. Still, this <em>was</em> the Grandsage, so maybe she could just take him out on her own...<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Leave the Grandsage behind and escape?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>RPG Player </em>activated.</p>

      <p>The selection floated in the air in front of me. <em>Leave</em> the Grandsage... That was an odd way of wording it. My mind caught on that detail.</p>

      <p>“Got it. Come on, Takatsuki, we’ll just be in the way if we stay here.”</p>

      <p>“Grandsage,” I said, momentarily ignoring Sakurai.</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“Can you win on your own?”</p>

      <p>She was silent for a long while, and then said, “I’m not so senile you need worry over me.”</p>

      <p>She usually had a casual, competent air about her, but right now, she didn’t. Being a vampire, she was rarely outside during the day, but she’d traveled between Cameron and Highland twice within the past twenty-four hours.</p>

      <p>That would take a pretty heavy toll on her.</p>

      <p>I made no move to run, and Sakurai looked uneasy. “Takatsuki...?”</p>

      <p>“Just go!” the Grandsage insisted irritably. “We cannot afford to lose the Hero of Light here. He is the only one who can defeat Iblis.”</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, she’s definitely forcing herself.</em></p>

      <p>It almost felt like she was planning on sacrificing herself here. Over the time we’d known each other, she’d helped me a lot—Labyrinthos, Highland, and the list goes on. I needed to pay her back.</p>

      <p>“Grandsage, I have an idea.”</p>

      <p>“Which is?”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki?”</p>

      <p>“What about this?” I asked, launching into the explanation.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“So...that’s pretty much it,” I finished up.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, intriguing!”</p>

      <p>“That certainly sounds...”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>