<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Yessir! One of Zagan’s subordinates, Hayate of the Ten Fangs, has been taken down!”</p>

      <p>“So I didn’t mishear...” The sour look on his face was clear on the magic screen. I glanced around at the other people present, and I could almost hear them thinking, “him again?”</p>

      <p>But this time, it hadn’t been me.</p>

      <p>Hayate of the Ten Fangs was one of Zagan’s top demons and was apparently known for being accomplished at ambushes. My <em>Sense Danger</em> and Furiae’s <em>Future Sight</em> had let us dodge him. Though, if Furiae hadn’t helped, I might have been in trouble.</p>

      <p>He’d wanted to kill the Hero of Roses. In other words, me. I had practically no hand-to-hand abilities, so getting in close would’ve meant death. I had managed to avoid the first attack, but the second would probably have killed me.</p>

      <p>However, the demon’s greatest misfortune had been sleeping in the tent right next to us—Sasa, the State-Authorized Hero of Great Keith. The commotion had woken her up and put her in a bad mood, so she’d come out swinging and yelling, activating <em>Super Star</em> instantly. The poor demon had face-planted on the ground.</p>

      <p>Though, because he was one of the top members of Zagan’s army, he was still alive after her attack. Except...Lucy’s Meteo had immediately followed, silencing him for good. I’d left the rest of the disposal to the Soleil Knights.</p>

      <p><em>Strong demons always seem to come back after you think you’ve killed them.</em></p>

      <p>Ortho explained all of that to the others listening.</p>

      <p>“Hm, so it was our State-Authorized Hero, Aya—well done. That demon was skilled in ambush and assassination, so his presence was a major concern to our plans,” General Talisker said.</p>

      <p>“You’re welcome,” Sasa said, tone slightly embarrassed.</p>

      <p>Olga, at the general’s side, didn’t look amused.</p>

      <p>“Well done, Lucy!” exclaimed the Priestess of Wood. “But don’t push yourself! You’re not allowed to pull a Rosalie and try and take on the army all by yourself.”</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t do that, Florna.”</p>

      <p>“But I worry. You’re too much like her.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t like fighting <em>that</em> much.”</p>

      <p>Their conversation had turned into family talk.</p>

      <p><em>Guys, this </em>is <em>technically a strategy meeting...</em></p>

      <p>“How long are we going to just sit back?! They’re just doing whatever they want!”</p>

      <p>Whoops, Gerry had finally snapped. Yeah... Waiting days on end for an attack would definitely be stressful.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. If we just keep waiting, our bodies will dull,” said Olga, the Hero of Incandescence. She’d been quiet thus far, but I knew she must be under the same stress...and the talk of Sasa blasting away that demon had definitely gotten to her.</p>

      <p>The others seemed to be affected too—the room was getting noisier.</p>

      <p>Then...</p>

      <p>“The battle will commence tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>Everyone froze at Estelle’s words.</p>

      <p>“Zagan will make landfall tomorrow,” Owain restated. “Is this correct, Estelle?” It was only a question in form—more confirmation than inquiry.</p>

      <p>The priestess nodded quietly.</p>

      <p>So...the demon lord himself was about to attack.</p>

      <p>“Then let us talk tactics. Though, our strategy <em>is</em> based on Lady Estelle’s foreknowledge. So, if you would?”</p>

      <p>“Very well,” Estelle (or rather, Ira within Estelle) began. “A force led by Zagan will make landfall along Cameron’s coast tomorrow, and they will begin destroying nearby towns. Halting travel through Cameron will have a large impact on our alliance. We, therefore, need to meet them in battle. However, their true aim...is killing the Hero of Light.”</p>

      <p>We all listened quietly as her clear voice came through the magic screen.</p>

      <p>“They will move slowly,” she continued. “After all, they are trying to exhaust us and play for time. The demons will make a show of the battle, but they won’t engage in truth during the light of day. While the sun is out, they will prolong any fight as much as they can, sending repeated waves of attacks. Then, as soon as the sun sets, Forneus’s army will join them in an all-out barrage. At that point, we will be exhausted, without the full power of the Hero of Light, and we will fall. That is the future I have foreseen.”</p>

      <p>No one spoke.</p>

      <p><em>Come on! That’s just us losing... </em>Well, I suppose that’s why Ira was here to predict things. Everyone waited for her to speak again.</p>

      <p>“We will therefore outsmart them. They will want to stretch the battle out until sunset, but we must thwart them quickly.” She paused for a moment. “Ryousuke Sakurai, Hero of Light?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?!” he replied.</p>

      <p>“You will lead an elite force to directly attack the demon lord.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait a moment! Isn’t that too dangerous?!” The protest came from Princess Noelle. I had to agree—it definitely seemed like a pretty risky call.</p>

      <p>“It will be fine,” Estelle said. “We will attack at noon, when the sun is at its apex. The Hero of Light will be invincible. Besides, Highland has people who can use <em>Teleport</em>, so we need not worry about exhaustion before the battle.”</p>

      <p>“I will escort him,” the Grandsage said coolly. Her voice was as calm as ever, which was pretty reassuring.</p>

      <p><em>She’s a vampire though... Can she wander around in the sun like that?</em></p>

      <p>I was a little concerned. She seemed to notice my gaze and gave me a smile, as if telling me not to fret. <em>Guess I shouldn’t worry.</em> She was a hero after all, one who’d saved the world, even if it was a thousand years ago.</p>

      <p>“We can ensure that there will be several commander-level knights and orichalcum rank adventurers present. However, will we be able to pinpoint their positions during the heat of battle?” Commander Owain asked. There were over twenty thousand in the enemy army, so finding individual soldiers wouldn’t be easy.</p>

      <p>Estelle smiled confidently. “That will not be an issue. They are just as worried about the possibility of their commander’s death, so they will be changing their formation. I will be able to see them, so I will also constantly relay their position.”</p>

      <p>“Very well, Lady Estelle,” said Commander Owain. “We will make the judgment call of <em>when</em> to attack while on the scene. Depending on the conditions, it could still be dangerous to have the Hero of Light behind enemy lines. We will secure an escape route and then aim for Zagan’s head.” His words were firm, though they held a hint of restrained caution.</p>

      <p>“That is fine. Things will not necessarily go well on the first day. I leave the timing to you.”</p>

      <p>“As you wish. We shall trust in your information on their positioning.”</p>

      <p>Everything now sounded wrapped up. Tomorrow, we would finally engage in the deciding battle.</p>

      <p>I was somewhat disappointed that I wouldn’t be able to be there...</p>

      <p>“You seem bored, Hero of Roses,” Estelle suddenly said to me.</p>

      <p>I jumped. “N-Not at all. I’m listening.”</p>

      <p>“Of course you are,” she sighed. “Hero of Roses, Commander of the First Division. The demon lord’s armies will not be present in Laphroaig after tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>Ortho and I both asked, “What?” in unison.</p>

      <p>“It is hardly a surprise. You crushed ten thousand of Forneus’s forces, then wiped out five thousand of Zagan’s aerial fighters. Additionally, you have taken out one of the Ten Fangs. In return, you have taken zero losses. They will now know that attacking Laphroaig is not worth the effort.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>Estelle—Ira—seemed rather kind today. Maybe because Eir had spoken to her?</p>

      <p>“However,” she continued, meeting everyone’s eyes seriously. “Every other location will see a strengthening onslaught.”</p>

      <p>Tension rippled throughout the room.</p>

      <p>“This is to prevent us from reinforcing the main army?” Commander Owain inquired.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. They want to keep our strength as far from the Hero of Light as possible. They are aiming to kill him before he can destroy Iblis.”</p>

      <p>I glanced at Sakurai. He looked nervous.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, don’t scare my friend like that! </em>Still, it was important to warn him about the demons’ intent.</p>

      <p><em>Good luck, Sakurai!</em></p>

      <p>“So we’re being attacked as well?”</p>

      <p>“Hmph, finally.”</p>

      <p>“They will not lay a finger upon the citizens.”</p>

      <p>Gerald Ballantine, Olga Sól Talisker, and Maximilian Lagavulin all seemed ready to fight. I couldn’t tell what Highland’s State-Authorized Hero, Alec, was thinking. He had his own screen but was just staring, blank-faced. <em>He’s with Sakurai, right?</em> Prince Leonardo’s face was nervous as well, but he was with Maximilian, so I was sure he’d be fine.</p>

      <p>There were several points of order, and then the final meeting before the battle was over.</p>

      <p>I glanced at my childhood friend once again. His profile looked nervous, and he was talking to Commander Owain about something.</p>

      <p>He didn’t seem to notice me staring.</p>

      <p><em>Be careful. Don’t get hurt</em>, I encouraged mentally, watching the image until it vanished.</p>

      <p>We went back to our tent and told Furiae what’d happened. She listened quietly, adding only a muttered “I see...”</p>

      <p>I was wondering how she felt, considering that Sakurai was going to be fighting tomorrow. However, she ended up asking <em>me</em> if <em>I</em> was nervous.</p>

      <p>“Well, y’know,” I answered vaguely.</p>

      <p>I soon left the tent, telling them I was going to train and calm down. Or, at least, I tried to. Sasa and Lucy stopped me.</p>

      <p>“Another demon might attack you.”</p>

      <p>“Just sit down and take it easy.”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine,” I assured them. “Estelle said they won’t come here anymore.” Guaranteed by Ira. We could be pretty sure she was right.</p>

      <p>So, I trained until the dawn light peeked over the horizon.</p>

      <p>The next day was just as Ira had predicted—peaceful. We spent it on edge, and then, nighttime fell...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>The room was buzzing even before the meeting started. Screens popped up in dribs and drabs. Some of the faces seemed to know something—they didn’t appear relaxed.</p>

      <p><em>Did something happen?</em></p>

      <p>If it had...then it must’ve concerned the fight. I used <em>Listen</em> so I could hear the conversations.</p>

      <p>“Is it true?”</p>

      <p>“It’s too soon, surely?”</p>

      <p>“Unbelievable. It’s going so well.”</p>

      <p>Then, I heard someone mutter to themself—</p>

      <p>“The Hero of Light has defeated Zagan.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>