<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Both of them seemed interested. However, the air soon shook again with another deafening roar. Zagan was getting more menacing by the minute.</p>

      <p>“He was cautious of my presence at first, but since we haven’t yet made a move, he’s losing his patience,” said the Grandsage, her gaze sharpening.</p>

      <p>“I’ll buy you time,” Sakurai promised. “I’m counting on you, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>The Grandsage nodded. “And I’ll protect the Hero of Light.”</p>

      <p>“Be ready in five minutes!” I shouted to Sakurai. “The Grandsage will give you the signal.”</p>

      <p>We all knew our roles.</p>

      <p>The demon lord roared again, spitting out black flames. They surged toward us like a wall of inferno. In the next instant, our surroundings blurred—the Grandsage shifted us slightly with a <em>Teleport</em>. Yet even then, Zagan didn’t stop attacking. Sakurai was still there, right in front, and <em>he</em> was the demon’s target.</p>

      <p>He was risking his life to buy us time, so I had to work as quickly as I could. I set <em>Calm Mind</em> to 100%, then...</p>

      <p><em>Right Arm of the Elemental</em>.</p>

      <p>Lifting my hand, I called upon the water elementals in the area. I gathered as much mana as I had when diverting the comet in Great Keith.</p>

      <p>“And...of course he’s noticed.”</p>

      <p>The Grandsage was right. Zagan had stopped attacking Sakurai. After a slight hesitation, he launched the black flames at the Grandsage and me again.</p>

      <p>“Merely a half-baked attack,” the Grandsage remarked before chanting something. A second later, there was a barrier in front of us—it looked almost like a thin mirror.</p>

      <p>Zagan’s flames slammed into the wall but then immediately bounced back.</p>

      <p><em>That’s the strongest type of barrier!</em> <em>A reflection barrier! </em>It worked to rebound your enemy’s spells, which would be sent back toward the caster without losing any power. A reflection barrier was one of the most difficult spells to cast, and the Grandsage had whipped it out like it was nothing.</p>

      <p>“I need more mana. The only spells I can use are these little cantrips,” she commented unhappily. <em>Little...?</em> I was pretty sure that barrier was saint class...</p>

      <p>By now, the demon lord had returned his attention to Sakurai. The Grandsage and I were apparently being put off until later.</p>

      <p>The Grandsage noticed the shift in Zagan’s attention and said, “I should get in the way a little.” She instantly shot off the king rank fire spell <em>Phoenix</em>. The demon lord heaved his massive body out of the way. Sakurai managed to withstand the attack as well.</p>

      <p>The Grandsage chuckled. “You damned demon. He doesn’t know whether to keep up his barrage on the Hero of Light or not.”</p>

      <p>None of her spells amounted to a final blow for Zagan, but they all caused a decent amount of damage. The demon lord was definitely getting annoyed.</p>

      <p>“Done yet?” she asked.</p>

      <p>I was still gathering mana, and I paused for a beat, calculating the time. “Three more minutes.” Meanwhile, Sakurai was focused on dealing with Zagan’s assault. I figured that he shouldn’t lose given our current strategy.</p>

      <p>And so, the deadlock carried on...until I was ready.</p>

      <p><em>Great! That should be enough mana!</em></p>

      <p>“Grandsage!”</p>

      <p>“Finally!” she yelled back in joy.</p>

      <p>I cast my spell.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Water Creation</em>.</p>

      <p>This spell, which consumed the enormous amount of mana I’d just gathered, was actually low rank. It simply manifested water. Lots of water. Water enough to fill a portion of the sky, higher than even the clouds.</p>

      <p>Now, it was time for the next step. “Do something about those clouds!” I called out to the Grandsage.</p>

      <p>“Clear,” she commanded, opening up a break in the clouds. It was maybe a touch smaller than the opening I’d made earlier.</p>

      <p>“Tch, I never do well with this kind of thing,” she grumbled.</p>

      <p>It was enough, though.</p>

      <p>Light poured in through the gap. It wasn’t the tiny amount from last time, though—a twenty-kilometer-wide patch of sunlight was now all focused on a single spot.</p>

      <p>“I’m impressed you managed that,” the Grandsage remarked. She sounded like she meant it.</p>

      <p>My entire focus was on controlling my arm and the spell, so I couldn’t reply. However, peering up, I saw <em>it</em>, my handiwork, through the gap in the clouds.</p>

      <p>“It” just so happened to be the twenty-kilometer-wide lens I’d made from water.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Ryousuke Sakurai’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>Making a lens to gather more light was Takatsuki’s strategy. I would’ve never come up with anything like that, and this kind of thinking was certainly not common strategy in this world. Proof of that was how impressed the Grandsage had been with the plan...despite how she seemed to know everything.</p>

      <p>“We should, Elementalist. Let’s do it.”</p>

      <p>“Counting on you, Takatsuki!”</p>

      <p>The two of us were on board.</p>

      <p>“Sure,” he replied. He was already ready, and he lifted his blue arm to the sky. I gave his face a sidelong glance and saw that same smile playing on his lips—it was the one he always wore when doing pranks.</p>

      <p>But after that, all my attention switched to reaction—I needed to draw the demon lord’s attacks.</p>

      <p>Our current situation was similar to before the Grandsage had arrived, but different as well. Now, I was on the defensive with an actual strategy. And since that strategy had come from Takatsuki, I didn’t have any doubts about it.</p>

      <p>After a while, the air around me began to brighten, turning blindingly white.</p>

      <p>Sunlight was raining down on me.</p>

      <p><em>Here we go!</em></p>

      <p>Light from several kilometers, all focused on me. My <em>Hero of Light</em> skill was converting it into aura. This skill—the same skill the savior had once possessed—activated.</p>

      <p>The demon lord swung a massive arm with enough force to pulverize Highland Castle. Closer and closer, it barreled toward me. A moment ago, I would’ve needed to dodge. But now...</p>

      <p>“<em>Shield of Light</em>!”</p>

      <p>I put my right hand out in front of me and a massive shield appeared. Zagan’s paw slammed into it, and the barrier held, easily blocking the attack.</p>

      <p>The demon roared again and kept attacking. Towering black flames approached, but none of them reached me.</p>

      <p>Sunlight was still pouring down; mana and aura were returning to me. I couldn’t let this chance—the chance Takatsuki had given me—slip through my fingers.</p>

      <p><em>I feel hot...</em></p>

      <p>It was almost like I was burning.</p>

      <p>I glanced up and saw the massive lens of water focusing twenty kilometers of light down onto me. That light began to warp.</p>

      <p>He’d said that I would have a single minute. It was barely any time, but it was enough—I had the energy to defeat Demon Lord Zagan.</p>

      <p>I began chanting the spell I had learned at the church, one Abel the Savior had used.</p>

      <p><em>The angels sing their gratitude, filling the heavens with their thanks to the guide. Let us rejoice on this solemn day. Glory to the Goddess most high.</em></p>

      <p><em>Sword of Uriel</em>.</p>

      <p>The sword in my hands transformed into a blade of white flames. Before me, the massive, silver-furred lion shuddered. With a roar, the beast rushed me.</p>

      <p>“<em>Sword of Judgment: Sin</em>.”</p>

      <p>I quietly swung the sword. The blade seemed to hang in the air for lingering moments. Given its slow speed, it seemed that the demon lord would surely avoid it.</p>

      <p>But I knew better.</p>

      <p>The wind, the shifting clouds, the noise—all of it stopped. The demon lord was quiet and still.</p>

      <p>In this instant of stopped time, I was the only thing moving.</p>

      <p>The gently shifting sword sheared off a slash of light that raced toward the demon lord. And a second later...</p>

      <p>An enormous pillar of light sprouted into the air, branching into a cross.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p><em>What the...? Did it work?</em></p>

      <p>Sakurai had swung his sword, but for a moment, nothing seemed to happen. I thought the attack had failed. Was there not enough sunlight?</p>

      <p>But then, my vision went white.</p>

      <p>This blinding brilliance was followed by a screech that put my hair on end, and a line of white sheared through the demon lord’s body. The flesh on either side of that line separated, slipping against itself and falling. Then, the giant silver lion burst into flames, engulfed in a white inferno.</p>

      <p><em>Wait...h-he’s dead? He can’t still be alive...right?</em></p>

      <p>My eyes did not deceive me—Zagan, the King of Beasts, was indeed dead.</p>

      <p>Even the Grandsage looked dazed. “The Hero of Light...borrowed the <em>seraph’s</em> power.”</p>

      <p>“Nice one, Sakurai!” I called out. “Piece of cake for you, huh?”</p>

      <p>The Grandsage shook her head. “Don’t be stupid. If he could normally do that, he would’ve done it already. He should be limited to borrowing power from the seventh rank of angels—the principalities—and below. Yet somehow, he pulled through.”</p>

      <p>So this was Sakurai’s absolute strongest attack... <em>Guys like him sure are on another level.</em></p>

      <p>“How high of a rank can you borrow from?” I asked the Grandsage.</p>

      <p>“Have you forgotten that I’m a vampire? I can hardly borrow an <em>angel’s</em> power. I pray to Pluto. Besides, I’m not particularly fond of divine rank magic you have to pray for.”</p>

      <p>“You’re not? Once you get in good with the deities, aren’t those spells pretty powerful?”</p>

      <p>“Besides the excessive delays before they actually activate, they are far weaker if you don’t have enough faith. Activating one is a request to the gods in the form of magic.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...” I felt somewhat bad thinking it, but that response was typical Grandsage—she was undead, so a lot of her logic ran contrary to the usual order of this world.</p>

      <p>“Still...a seraph,” she mused. “However you look at it, that is too high a leap for someone like the Hero of Light to make. I wonder if a goddess interfered?”</p>

      <p>“A goddess...”</p>

      <p>Eir and Noah’s faces floated across my mind. Eir was fond of messing with things, and Noah quite liked her under-the-table deals. Although, there was also Ira... Her <em>All-Seeing Eye</em> had failed, so was she trying to tip the scales in another way?</p>

      <p>Either way, the demon lord was dead. <em>All’s well that ends well. </em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, I heard the Grandsage utter a quiet, uneasy sound. “This isn’t good. He’s passed out.”</p>

      <p>“That’s <em>really</em> bad!”</p>

      <p>“Give me your hand,” she demanded.</p>

      <p>I obliged, and the two of us quickly teleported to Sakurai. We swiftly checked him, looking for damage to his prone body. Then, from overhead, we heard someone call out.</p>

      <p>“Ryousuke!”</p>

      <p>I looked up. A knight astride a pegasus was heading this way, and it was a familiar one—Yokoyama.</p>

      <p>“Is he okay?!” she cried out.</p>

      <p>“Fear not,” said the Grandsage. “He just lost consciousness. Power backlash from borrowing the seraph’s strength knocked him out, but he isn’t likely to die.”</p>

      <p>Yokoyama sighed in relief. “Okay... Thank goodness.” She turned to me. “Thank you for saving him!”</p>

      <p>“You’re welcome. But he ended up defeating the demon lord on his own.”</p>

      <p>“You’re the one who broke the barrier. I saw the two of you come out, but I couldn’t fly in close because of the demon lord.”</p>

      <p>“We can’t relax yet,” the Grandsage pointed out. “I thought the demon army might retreat once Zagan was defeated, but it looks like they’re ready to battle to their last breaths.”</p>

      <p>I stared out at the battlefield—our allied forces were still fighting, and the demon troops didn’t look like they would give up any time soon. Turning back to the Grandsage, I asked, “What should I—?”</p>

      <p>She didn’t let me finish. “Take the hero and withdraw. He’s weak right now, so we can’t risk him getting caught up in the aftermath. I’m not sure...” Her words trailed off, sounding listless.</p>

      <p>“Are you okay? You don’t look like you’re doing so well.” Somehow, her skin had gotten even paler. “Want some?” I asked, baring my neck.</p>

      <p>“You aren’t much better,” she retorted. “You’re swaying on your feet.”</p>

      <p>“The bags under your eyes are really bad, Takatsuki,” said Yokoyama. “You look like you’re barely staying upright.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? I do?” I hadn’t even realized. Using <em>Calm Mind</em> made it harder to notice when I was struggling.</p>

      <p>“Get the Hero of Light to safety,” the Grandsage told Yokoyama. “Elementalist...don’t strain yourself. I’ll drive them off.”</p>

      <p>I shook my head. “You shouldn’t push yourself either...” It wasn’t fair for the Grandsage to take all of this on when she looked so frazzled.</p>

      <p>“Right! I’ll fight too!” Yokoyama, apparently sensing that we were in peril, had decided to stand with us.</p>

      <p>Then, suddenly...</p>

      <p><em>Thud.</em> A massive impact shook the ground. Something had fallen pretty close.</p>

      <p><em>An attack?!</em></p>

      <p>“Ha ha! Here I am!”</p>

      <p>When the dust parted, it revealed an elf who looked just like Lucy, cloaked in bright-red aura.</p>

      <p>It was the Crimson Witch, Rosalie J. Walker.</p>

      <p>I was stunned into silence for a moment before I finally spoke. “Rosalie?”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Lucy’s boyfriend? Well, no matter! Let’s defeat that demon lord!” Her raised fist was covered with elementals, and red mana swirled through the air.</p>

      <p>“Crimson...he’s over there.” The Grandsage pointed to where Zagan’s body—felled by Sakurai in a single strike—was collapsed on the ground in a heap.</p>

      <p>There was a <em>long</em> pause.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Her mouth dropped open and her fist hung in the air. “Whaaaa?! I was training in the underworld, but when I heard the war had started, I came running back! What’s going on?!”</p>

      <p>“You mistimed it,” I remarked. <em>Man, it really would’ve been useful if she were here earlier.</em></p>

      <p>“But I’m all fired up! What do I do now?!”</p>

      <p>The way she was complaining reminded me of Lucy. They really were mother and daughter...</p>

      <p>The Grandsage scoffed. “Well, if you’ve got power to burn, chase the rest of the demons off.”</p>

      <p>“Awww, but cleaning up the small fry is boring!”</p>

      <p>“The demon lord might be dead, but there’s still thirty thousand of his army. Though, if you’re scared, I won’t force you.”</p>

      <p>“You what?! Who’re you calling scared?! Just you watch!”</p>

      <p>Rosalie barely finished speaking before she leaped into the fray, covered in aura. A massive pillar of fire billowed into the air, roaring. Simultaneously, ten king rank fire <em>Phoenix</em>es appeared in the sky and dove into the lines of demons. Almost immediately, the relative deadlock of the battle broke apart—our foes’ formation began to crumble.</p>

      <p>Soon enough, the demons realized that Rosalie—who was in the middle of the scrimmage—was to blame.</p>

      <p>“Kill that elf!”</p>

      <p>“Bring down the witch!”</p>

      <p>Their generals (I assumed) immediately issued orders, and the demon army surrounded Rosalie.</p>

      <p><em>Uh oh... Even </em>she<em> might be in danger...</em></p>

      <p>“Aha ha ha ha ha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>But then, I heard her high-pitched laughter cut across the air.</p>

      <p>“Come, elementals of fire! <em>Manifest, Fire Giant</em>!”</p>

      <p>A moment later, an inferno consumed the Crimson Witch, flames billowing and coalescing into a towering giant made of fire, with her at the center. Nearby monsters and demons screamed and ran. Our allies were also sprinting away as they tried to avoid getting caught up.</p>

      <p><em>She’s...a natural disaster.</em></p>

      <p>“Lady Rosalie is more like a demon lord than Zagan was...” Yokoyama murmured.</p>

      <p>The giant turned to look at us. I had a feeling Rosalie was doing the same from inside the fire.</p>

      <p>“Looks like she can hear you...” I whispered.</p>

      <p>Yokoyama hurriedly corrected her words. “W-Wow! The demon army can’t measure up against her at all!”</p>

      <p>At that, the giant puffed up proudly. <em>I guess...that works?</em></p>

      <p>“You. Take the Hero of Light somewhere defensible,” the Grandsage told Yokoyama. “Make sure you find a healer.” Since Rosalie was trampling the army, Yokoyama no longer needed to fight.</p>

      <p>“O-Of course! Take care, Grandsage, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>With those parting words, Yokoyama arranged Sakurai on her pegasus and flew off. Now, it was just me and the Grandsage.</p>

      <p>She let out a breath and almost staggered to the ground.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!” I exclaimed, quickly bracing her body. “You did a lot, Grandsage.”</p>

      <p>“You weren’t half bad yourself,” she replied. She then collapsed, exhausted, on a nearby rock. I hesitated for a moment before sinking down next to her. Rosalie’s spell—the fire giant—was rampaging in the distance. I could see the demon army running as it chased them.</p>

      <p>“What now?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I’ll rest and head back to the capital. The base should have some blood packs, so I’ll get a good drink before I go.”</p>

      <p>“You could drin—”</p>

      <p>“Elementalist.” She cut me off sharply. “Look at yourself. You’ve used too much magic. Even without counting that giant water lens, you’ve been casting for hours, haven’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Well, it took a few hours to destroy that barrier.”</p>

      <p>“You need to take more care of yourself. Using this much magic without rest puts a burden on your mana circuits.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>In all the pandemonium, I hadn’t noticed...but I really <em>had</em> been pushing myself.</p>

      <p>The two of us sat silently as the clamor of the battle washed over us. I thought we might be in trouble if a monster turned up, but because the demons all thought the Hero of Light was still with us, they left the area around Zagan’s corpse alone.</p>

      <p>“So Iblis is next?” I asked, more for something to talk about than anything else.</p>

      <p>“Indeed... He will be back soon.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>What did he look like? According to the legends, he was humanoid, so he probably wasn’t huge like Zagan. Those same legends described him as a terrifying mage on the level of the divine.</p>

      <p>“Are you scared?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Nah. I got to see this demon lord up close, but I was wondering if I’d get that chance with Iblis.” Though I’d gotten to fight with the main forces this time, I doubted I’d be on the battlefield with the Great Demon Lord.</p>

      <p>“You...want to meet Iblis?” The Grandsage looked at me like I was crazy.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, Iblis is considered the embodiment of fear... No one </em>wants<em> to see him. Don’t say that again or you might get mistaken for a member of the Snake Sect. Someone might even interrogate you if you’re not careful.</em></p>

      <p>Oh, right. My bad.</p>

      <p>“Um, no, that’s not it exactly,” I said, trying to backtrack. “I just can’t allow Iblis to drive the whole world to fear, so I wanted to fight directly...”</p>

      <p>The Grandsage paused for a long moment, then muttered, “A perspective from outside of this world...”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Your skill. In exchange for not feeling fear, you lose your sense of danger.”</p>

      <p>“Did I mention that skill? Oh, your <em>Appraisal</em> told you?”</p>

      <p>“I suppose so.”</p>

      <p>I was glad she’d been so quick to understand. Still, I was pretty sure that <em>Calm Mind</em> wasn’t in my Soul Book. I hadn’t even realized its full effects and detriments until Noah had told me.</p>

      <p><em>The Grandsage is just that clever, I suppose.</em> Suddenly, I found myself wanting to ask about back then—to hear about the battle between Iblis and Abel the Savior. The details I’d learned in the Water Temple had probably changed a lot over the years, so I wanted to know what the Grandsage had truly experienced.</p>

      <p>“Grandsage, I want to ask...” As I spoke, I turned to look at her.</p>

      <p>She was breathing softly, leaning against me with an adorable look on her face. Like this, she looked so young, almost like she was only in her early teens. <em>I’ll just have to ask some other time.</em></p>

      <p>As I decided that, I heard the tail end of a whisper pass her lips. “...oto hasn’t changed...”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Did you say something?”</p>

      <p>She didn’t respond. Perhaps she’d been sleep-talking.</p>

      <p>After a while, we met up with the Soleil Knights, and the demons were ultimately repelled back to their continent within the day.</p>

      <p>And thus, the first battle against the demon army was over.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>