<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: The Goddess of Fate</h1>

      <p>“This is...”</p>

      <p>I was in the ever-familiar space that belonged to Noah. I looked around for a moment, searching for her.</p>

      <p><em>There she is.</em> Yet, things were different than normal.</p>

      <p>Noah was standing there wearing a white dress, her silver hair shining. Eir was nearby in a blue dress, and her hair glittered gold. However, I spied someone else: a small girl with narrow shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Makoto, you’re finally here.”</p>

      <p>“What kept you, Mako?”</p>

      <p>“Noah, Eir, you’re both as beautiful as ever,” I replied. “Who’s this?” I was pretty sure of the girl’s identity, but I didn’t want to make a mistake, so I asked.</p>

      <p>“Come on.” Noah prodded the girl. “You came all this way to talk to him.”</p>

      <p>“You can’t just stay silent, Irrie!”</p>

      <p>Ira, the Goddess of Fate—also known as the Goddess of Fortune—was one of the seven Sacred Deities. She was also the war criminal who’d made the Northern Front Plan so difficult.</p>

      <p>“Who are you calling a war criminal?!” The petite girl glared at me.</p>

      <p><em>She’s gonna start reading my mind right away, huh?</em></p>

      <p>“He’s right, though,” Noah said.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Irrie, aren’t you supposed to be thanking him?”</p>

      <p>“Ugh... W-Well.” She groaned and glared. “Hmph. You have my thanks!” After spitting the words out, she swiftly looked away.</p>

      <p><em>That</em> was her attempt at thanking me?</p>

      <p>“What’s that supposed to be?!” Eir demanded, rubbing her knuckles into Ira’s (her little sister’s) hair.</p>

      <p>“Ow! Ow! That hurts! You’re going to split my head open!”</p>

      <p>It definitely looked like it hurt, but was this really how she acted? I’d imagined the goddesses being a bit calmer.</p>

      <p>“Well, she’s the youngest of them,” Noah said. “She only just became a goddess.” Before I knew it, she had wrapped her arm around my shoulders.</p>

      <p><em>Noah...is really close...</em></p>

      <p>“So she’s young?” I asked. She truly <em>looked</em> like a junior high student.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Ira managed to break out of Eir’s grip and jump over to me. “Hey! Who are you calling a junior high student?!” She righted her balance, then folded her arms and peered up at me. “Phew. Makoto Takatsuki! You did well! Especially considering you’re Noah’s disciple!”</p>

      <p>This was weird... Noah was beautiful enough to charm anything, and Eir had a motherliness about her, so she could hold on to people—Ira didn’t seem to have any of that dignity.</p>

      <p>“Uh, Mako... I’m actually younger than Noah, so...why <em>motherly</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Wahhh, I’m being treated like a granny!”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t say that! Besides, you make yourself look young!”</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki—as thanks, I will be your ally from now on! You can be grateful!”</p>

      <p>Everyone was talking over each other and I could barely keep up with who was saying what. I was, however, curious about something, so instead of trying to parse out their rapid back-and-forth, I decided to ask a question.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Ira. Does this mean you’ll help me?”</p>

      <p>“I will!” she exclaimed. “I <em>do</em> have the most believers after Althena! I’m reliable.”</p>

      <p>I knew that already. She was Cameron’s goddess—merchants and adventurers alike followed her, whether they were from Cameron or not. Many people from all over partook of Ira’s fortune.</p>

      <p>“So, how exactly can you help me out?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“E-Exactly?”</p>

      <p>She was clearly panicked. <em>Guess she hasn’t thought of anything.</em></p>

      <p>“I gave him a relic and his <em>Elementalist</em> skill,” Noah said.</p>

      <p>“And I got him his position as Hero of Roses. Oh, and Sophie!”</p>

      <p><em>Hey, Eir, you shouldn’t talk about Princess Sophia like that...even if I think you are joking.</em></p>

      <p>Ira’s gaze roved as she turned over their comments in her mind. After a moment, she seemed to get an idea. “I-I can see the future!” she stammered. “You’ll be able to avoid danger!”</p>

      <p>I was impressed, but...</p>

      <p>“I thought you couldn’t see my future because I’m Noah’s believer?”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s right, but I <em>can</em> see the major line of fate. Normally, I only tell Estelle about it! But I’ll tell you as well!”</p>

      <p>“I see...” Having a goddess by your side to predict the future... It certainly was reassuring.</p>

      <p>“Regardless of what she can offer, it’s a good thing she’s agreeable,” Noah said. “Cameron is one of the bigger countries, so having their goddess on your side isn’t a bad thing.”</p>

      <p>I nodded.</p>

      <p>“Then, Ira, there’s something else I want to ask you.”</p>

      <p>“Phew... Okay, ask whatever you like!”</p>

      <p>And so, I opened my mouth to pose the question that’d been gnawing at me. “Can the Hero of Light—Sakurai, I mean—beat Iblis? He won’t die, will he?”</p>

      <p>He’d won this time, but we’d also been lucky. The fight had certainly been a close call. Would he have enough strength to go up against Iblis?</p>

      <p>Silence filled the space as all three goddesses looked at each other. Then, Ira stepped smoothly forward.</p>

      <p>“Rest assured, Makoto Takatsuki. This battle has moved us much closer to victory. And, we have a trump card for if the worst should happen.”</p>

      <p><em>Huh, a trump card. I really wish we’d used it this time.</em></p>

      <p>“So we can beat Iblis?”</p>

      <p>“Right!”</p>

      <p>Seeing Ira’s confident face finally allowed me to relax—she was the Goddess of Fortune, so I knew I could trust her words.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>That was how I’d felt at the time. But I should have worried more.</p>

      <p><em>We’re in real trouble.</em></p>

      <p><em>I truly never thought...that it would come to this...</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>