<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue: Lucy’s Magic Training</h1>

      <p><em>My head hurts... I drank too much last night.</em></p>

      <p>There’d been a <em>lot</em> of parties since we’d come to Great Keith. Maybe hotter climates spurred people on like that.</p>

      <p>Last night, Kawakita had asked Fujiyan about his wives and demanded to meet them at some point. I had a lot of fun watching him get overwhelmed. Though I’d barely spoken to Kawakita in our old world, things were different now. It was actually surprisingly easy to hold a conversation with her, which made me wonder how our other classmates were getting on.</p>

      <p><em>It’s been a while since I’ve seen Sakurai. Maybe I should drop in on Highland at some point</em>, I mused while looking out of the window.</p>

      <p>Raindrops were currently pounding against the glass. Rain was rare in Great Keith, but my elemental magic had put a slight skew on the weather patterns, so it had been pretty common lately. And, thanks to the stormy weather, there were a lot more water elementals around.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I spotted a red-clothed mage outside. I climbed out of the window to investigate.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, what’re you doing out here?” I asked. She was soaked through, staff in hand.</p>

      <p>“Practicing magic,” she replied. “Mama said I had to do it every day.”</p>

      <p>“It’s raining though. Can’t you do it inside?”</p>

      <p>“If I screw up, I’ll blast the place away.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...” Yeah, that wouldn’t be good. We were staying in lodgings that catered to the royal family of Roses. I couldn’t even imagine how much the repair bill would be.</p>

      <p>“You could practice when it’s finished raining, right?” I asked. “If you want, I can stop it for you.”</p>

      <p>She looked at me doubtfully as I lifted my right hand to the sky. “Isn’t the Grandsage about the only person who can change the weather?”</p>

      <p>“Maybe. I feel like I could do it, though.” Noah had shown me how before, and with the mana from <em>Right Hand of the Elemental</em>, it definitely felt possible.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...” Lucy groaned. “It’s scary how likely that seems... Aya’s a hero now too. I’m being left behind...” She slumped, twisting her foot on the floor.</p>

      <p>“Lucy? You seem kinda down.”</p>

      <p>“Am I actually useful?” she asked, sending a nervous glance my way.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t be an idiot...</em> I couldn’t help but think.</p>

      <p>“If you weren’t here, then I wouldn’t be either.”</p>

      <p>“D-Do you really think so?”</p>

      <p>Things had gone well in Springrogue only because Lucy had been there. Thanks to her, we’d managed to make inroads with the Crimson Witch and Freya’s hero, Maximilian.</p>

      <p>Lucy was the great-granddaughter of one of the legendary heroes who’d fought with Abel the Savior, and the daughter of a current hero, Rosalie. She’d been schoolmates with Maximilian and was the Priestess of Wood’s sister-in-law. She’d even become the Grandsage’s apprentice in Highland.</p>

      <p><em>Putting it all together like that, she’s part of a really elite family.</em></p>

      <p>Honestly, Lucy probably shouldn’t have had any trouble finding comrades in Macallan. Her self-deprecation and unwillingness to use family connections were probably why, though. She was such an awkward one sometimes...</p>

      <p><em>Well, one of my friends is down, so it’s my job to cheer her up.</em></p>

      <p>“I’m sure you’ll be just as good of a mage as Rosalie. What are you practicing right now?”</p>

      <p>“Teleportation. But I just can’t get it to work right...”</p>

      <p><em>Whoa! </em>Teleport<em>! I seem to remember Lucy mentioning something about that...</em></p>

      <p>“You said you’re currently successful around ten percent of the time, yeah?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Yup...” she replied, hunching over farther. “Though, I won’t be able to actually use it in a fight unless I get better.”</p>

      <p><em>Teleport</em> was a really difficult spell, so it was hardly a surprise that she couldn’t cast it right away. Maybe it’d be best to get her mind off it somehow.</p>

      <p>“Let’s try together then. I want to see your <em>Teleport</em>.” I grabbed hold of her hand.</p>

      <p>“Both of us? But I can’t even get it right when it’s just me.”</p>

      <p>Still, she gripped my hand back.</p>

      <p>“A change of pace is just the thing you need when you’re getting stuck,” I told her.</p>

      <p>“Hmmm, maybe... Okay then.” She didn’t seem wholly convinced but was at least ready to give it a try. “Then...here I go.”</p>

      <p>Her right hand held her staff, and her left hand squeezed my own. She began to chant the <em>Fate Magic</em> incantation.</p>

      <p>At the same time, she gathered an absolutely massive amount of mana. <em>Teleport</em> was a famous spell, and lots of mages tried to learn it. Despite that, there weren’t many people who could actually cast it. One reason for this was the inefficiency—the spell used up stupidly huge amounts of mana. However, that made it perfect for races like the elves, who were naturally gifted with large mana reserves.</p>

      <p>Lucy finished up the chant, and several magic circles floated around us.</p>

      <p><em>She’s got just as much mana as ever... </em>In all our time adventuring, I’d never seen her run out.</p>

      <p>“Here goes!”</p>

      <p>“It’ll work, I know it.”</p>

      <p>“<em>Teleport</em>!”</p>

      <p>Immediately, we were enveloped in light, and a moment later, the scene in front of us changed completely. We were now being buffeted by the wind.</p>

      <p>“See! It worked!” I exclaimed. “Uh...Lucy?”</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto! We’re falling!”</p>

      <p>We’d reappeared...in midair. Really high up as well. We were (probably) about a kilometer off the ground, well above the clouds. The land below was getting closer and closer. It was like we were skydiving.</p>

      <p>“Ahhhh! Makoto!” screamed Lucy, her voice blending with the rushing wind. “What do we doooo?!”</p>

      <p>“You can use flying magic, right?” It was a popular mid rank spell. Comparatively, anyone could use it...anyone who wasn’t a mage apprentice like me.</p>

      <p>“I-I’m practicing it, but I can’t really <em>fly</em>!”</p>

      <p>“Aaah, right.” It probably would have been a good idea to learn that <em>first</em>, Lucy.</p>

      <p>By this point, her yells were sounding teary. “M-Makoto! We’re gonna fall!”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>