<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>Damn, my skill is making me too calm.</em></p>

      <p>“×××××××××× (Hey, elementals,)” I called out. Lifting my right hand out in front of us, I cast—</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Water Phoenix</em>.”</p>

      <p>In the blink of an eye, a massive bird of water appeared before us. I tugged on Lucy’s hand and dove onto its back. Hopefully, the water magic would disperse the shock of the fall.</p>

      <p>“Wha—? Whaaat?!”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Lucy. I should have done that to start with.”</p>

      <p>“That was king rank magic! How can you do that so easily?!”</p>

      <p>“Because of this,” I explained, showing my <em>Right Hand of the Elemental</em>. Using it, I could quickly draw elemental mana through my right arm.</p>

      <p>Now safely aboard the water phoenix, the two of us drifted through the sky over Gamelan. I was looking for our hotel from above, when suddenly, the phoenix lost its balance.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!”</p>

      <p>“Ah!”</p>

      <p>The angle suddenly steepened—it felt like we were about to fall again.</p>

      <p>“S-Stop that!” I shouted. I focused my power and managed to stabilize us so that we could avoid dropping. <em>That was close... Guess I can’t properly command it yet. </em>“Sorry, Lucy. You good?”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m fine. It’s not like you to lose control of water magic like that.”</p>

      <p>“It’s harder to use this hand than I thought,” I replied, showing her my glowing blue arm. She frowned at it.</p>

      <p>“It doesn’t hurt, does it?”</p>

      <p>“Nope. Hell, I can’t feel anything at all.”</p>

      <p>“Well... That’s pretty worrying on its own.”</p>

      <p>“It’s definitely taken a toll on my fine motor skills... But at least I can do this.”</p>

      <p>I peered up. The sky above us was covered in gray clouds pattering rain, and I lifted my hand once more.</p>

      <p>“××××××××××××××××× (Elementals, scatter the clouds,)” I said.</p>

      <p>They instantly swirled and broke apart in a whirlpool-like movement above us, revealing the sun.</p>

      <p>“Y-You did...<em>that</em>?” Lucy sputtered.</p>

      <p>“Handy, right? I can only do it when it’s raining though—there need to be plenty of water elementals.”</p>

      <p>She was silent.</p>

      <p>“Lucy?”</p>

      <p>Nothing.</p>

      <p>When we got back to the inn, I suggested that she give <em>Teleport</em> another go...but she declined. Apparently, a passenger’s mana had an effect on the destination. Thanks to my arm, we were more likely to get swept away and end up in the clouds.</p>

      <p>It was certainly a tricky spell. Lucy was working hard at her practice and I didn’t want to get in the way, so I headed off somewhere else.</p>

      <p>“I’ll catch up to you soon!” she said desperately as I left.</p>

      <p>“Don’t push yourself too hard,” I replied.</p>

      <p>“What, like you do? All the time?!”</p>

      <p><em>Did I?</em> In the end, I wasn’t even sure if I’d managed to cheer her up.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I woke up early the next morning, so I decided to do some training before breakfast. When I uncovered my arm, I stared down at the glowing blue.</p>

      <p>It hadn’t gone back to normal since I’d turned it into an elemental.</p>

      <p>Though it was <em>my</em> arm, I couldn’t move it properly... It felt like I was connected to my own limb from far away, and mana pulsed through it like blood. Just above the elbow, there was a faint red mark. It flashed like a low-battery light, probably because Noah was sealed in the Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p>According to Eir, this was anima. I still couldn’t properly make use of my arm or that anima, but...</p>

      <p><em>Have I gotten stronger recently? </em>Yesterday...I controlled the <em>weather</em>. I felt my lips form a grin.</p>

      <p>Just as I was deciding what to do today, there was a call at the door, and someone stepped inside.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto! Are you up?!”</p>

      <p>Only one person would address me as “hero” in a relatively casual tone.</p>

      <p>“S-Sophia? Morning,” I said, frantically schooling my expression.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you were training.” She smiled. Then, her face turned serious once more.</p>

      <p><em>What happened?</em></p>

      <p>“The day when we will launch the Northern Front Plan has been decided,” she informed me.</p>

      <p>The Northern Front Plan—our strategy for invading the northern continent and attacking the demon lord. This was something we’d discussed several times.</p>

      <p>“When will it be?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“A month from now... We do not have much time.”</p>

      <p>Whoa... I’d thought it would be at least three months away. This timeline felt too sudden for a large-scale military expedition. Sophia seemed to catch on to what I was thinking, and she nodded in response.</p>

      <p>“I feel the same way. Perhaps something has changed... As of now, all heroes and priestesses have been given word to gather in Highland.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>