<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword"><div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>This is Isle Osaki. Thank you for picking up volume six of <em>Zero Believers</em>. Our setting for this volume was Lucy’s home of Springrogue.</p>

      <p>I wanted to make a romp...of Makoto becoming a hero in this other world and fighting against the demon lord. However, as those of you who have read the volume know, things didn’t quite go that way. Rosalie is the key figure in this volume. She’s one of the top three mages on the continent and the closest to a “problem child” in the series. I had envisioned her character from the beginning, and now I’ve finally managed to bring her into the story. Though, I did forget about that famous game that has an elf character named Rosalie. Remember to google your names when you think of them.</p>

      <p>Overall, we’re around halfway through the story. Next time: Great Keith, the fourth country.</p>

      <p>Finally, I want to thank Tam-U for the always-amazing illustrations, Hakuto Shiroi—who is responsible for the <em>Zero Believers</em> manga—and my editor, N. Apologies for all the barely made deadlines. I also want to thank all of my readers of both the published and online versions, and I ask for your continued support.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>