<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 1</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“Your encounter with the water priestess was horrible, wasn’t it? Well, you don’t have to believe in that goddess of theirs.”</p>

      <p>She spoke as though she’d read my mind. I wondered if she actually had. Or wait, if she knew about the water priestess thing, then she must have been telling the truth about watching me.</p>

      <p>“I’d rather not remember, so let’s put that behind us,” I said. “So, Goddess, could you tell me your name?”</p>

      <p>The deities of this world all had names. The Hero of Light, Sakurai, had received something called the “Favor of the Sun Goddess, Altena.” Given that it multiplied all of his stats, it was less a blessing and more of a cheat code. For real, how does one guy get all the luck?</p>

      <p>My ulterior motive for asking the goddess’s name was to set my expectations for any future blessing. Even if her boon wasn’t as broken as the one given to Sakurai, I could at least expect a nice blessing if she were famous enough.</p>

      <p>“Tee hee. Well, I’m a bit of a minor goddess, so you might not have heard of me.”</p>

      <p>“Well, perhaps, but I’d still like to know the name of the goddess I’ll worship.”</p>

      <p>“Then I shall tell you in due time,” said the goddess, playing it off. I didn’t know why she’d deflected, but I gave up and changed the subject.</p>

      <p>“Do you think I can make it as an adventurer in this world?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I see you’re concerned with your low stats.”</p>

      <p>“I can’t say I’m not,” I admitted. My magic wasn’t even strong enough to defeat a lone goblin because my attack power was just too low. And my mana always dried up in an instant to boot. Could I even make it as an adventurer?</p>

      <p>“But, Makoto, you have some rather convenient skills.”</p>

      <p>“You mean <em>Calm Mind</em> and <em>RPG Player</em>? Sure, they’re convenient, but they can’t hold a candle to strong mage or warrior skills.” I was practically griping at this actual goddess, but it was the truth.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the goddess changed the subject. “Do you know your classmates Suzuki, Yamashita, and Endou?”</p>

      <p>Well, of course I knew them. We’d been transported to this world together. Not that we’d been close; I’d only had two friends in that class. But as far as I could recall, they had high rank warrior and mage skills.</p>

      <p>“Well, those three classmates of yours have gone missing. Perhaps even perished.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” <em>Did... Did she just say...</em></p>

      <p>“Perhaps they placed a bit too much faith in their powerful skills. They fought monsters too high in level and braved dungeons too great in difficulty only to find that they’d bitten off more than they could chew.”</p>

      <p>“Oh... I see...” I couldn’t believe it. I’d spent a whole year cooped up in the Water Temple, so I had no idea.</p>

      <p>“It’s because the land of Japan that you all hail from is a peaceful country,” she explained. “Your classmates may have been gifted with powerful skills, but the strength of their nerves was the same as ever. Your <em>Calm Mind</em>, however, stabilizes yours. What’s more, it protects you from overconfidence and carelessness. A wonderful skill, indeed. And your <em>RPG Player</em> skill is unique to otherworlders. It’s one I find quite intriguing.”</p>

      <p>“Doesn’t it just change my point of view?”</p>

      <p>“Being able to see yourself in third person protects you from sneak attacks. And by viewing in 360 degrees, you can observe from quite a distant vantage point. It also automatically maps out the places you’ve visited. I’d consider that rather convenient.”</p>

      <p>Well, <em>RPG Player</em> didn’t sound so bad when she put it like that. Guess it all comes down to how you use it. Now that I felt a bit better, I decided to ask a different question.</p>

      <p>“You said you’ve been watching me this whole time. If so, why did you wait until now to speak to me?”</p>

      <p>“Because the Water Temple is under the purview of the Water Goddess, Eir. I felt it prudent to refrain.”</p>

      <p>“There were believers of other goddesses who came by the Water Temple to scout, though,” I pointed out. Sakurai, the Hero of Light, had become an acolyte of the Sun Goddess.</p>

      <p>“Well, good for them.” The goddess’s answer was vague. “So, Makoto, will you become my believer?”</p>

      <p>She was really laying it on. I had to think hard.</p>

      <p>At first, her beauty had taken my breath away. But now that I’d come to my senses, I honestly couldn’t deny that this goddess was kinda shady. My stats were meager and my skills were weird, so why would she want someone like me as a believer? I’d played plenty of RPGs that gave players these seemingly sweet deals early on. In my experience, choosing “Yes” typically came back to bite you.</p>

      <p>That’s what my gaming senses told me—however, unlike a game, this choice couldn’t be undone by the reset button.</p>

      <p>“I think I’ll sleep on it.”</p>

      <p>“What?!” The goddess’s previously refined demeanor quickly gave way to panic. “H-Hold on. You could be a goddess’s <em>acolyte</em> here! And you’re hearing it right from the goddess herself! That’s an honor and a half!”</p>

      <p>This was true. Goddesses pretty much never appeared directly to people. Even the priestesses who I brought up earlier only heard their voices. I’d never heard of anyone seeing or speaking to a goddess, even in a dream like this one.</p>

      <p><em>Well, an </em>actual<em> goddess, anyway</em>, whispered my brain as <em>Calm Mind</em> kept it collected. <em>So, is this goddess as real as she claims?</em></p>

      <p>“Of course I’m real!” she protested.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, oops.”</p>

      <p>So she <em>was</em> reading my mind.</p>

      <p>“I guess that’d be a piece of cake for a goddess,” I concluded.</p>

      <p>“You really are calm...”</p>

      <p>Thanks, it’s my one redeeming quality.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, listen,” pleaded the goddess. “Coming to the human world as a deity is a <em>huge</em> pain in the butt. Do you think I could get a contract tonight?” She sidled up to me, held my hand, and gave me puppy dog eyes.</p>

      <p>Okay, personal space. The goddess’s flawlessly sculpted face was right before my eyes. Her mannerisms reminded me of the customer service in a hostess club I’d seen on TV a long time ago. Her eyes sparkled with a faint golden glow. My mind went blank as I reeled back a bit.</p>

      <p><em>Wait</em>, I realized. <em>Is she using charm magic?</em></p>

      <p>I’d learned about the existence of charm magic from my studies at the Water Temple. Women who worked at brothels used it pretty frequently. There were many types of charm magic, but the fundamentals were to look your target in the eye, give them some sweet talk, and make physical contact with their body.</p>

      <p>There was no shortage of stories about wet-behind-the-ears adventurers getting charmed by lady merchants and going into debt over the money they’d spend on their presumed sweethearts. Was my story about to be added to the list?</p>

      <p>But I had perspective: specifically, the third-person perspective granted to me by my <em>RPG Player</em> skill, which I always left active. I could see the reactions of both myself and my conversational partner from a few meters away. Because of this, the requirement of making eye contact would never get fulfilled. Incidentally, this skill also made her voice and touch feel like they were for someone else. To top it off, my <em>Calm Mind</em> skill kept my heart from swaying.</p>

      <p>My teacher at the temple had once told me that I’d be hard to persuade with charm magic. I remember thinking it’d be useless in combat at the time, but hey, guess you never know what ends up coming in handy.</p>

      <p>“Goddess, please step away from me. You’re a bit too close.” I calmly put some distance between the two of us.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh? Wait, why didn’t that work?!”</p>

      <p><em>O Goddess</em>, I thought, <em>you might not want to say that out loud. Using charm magic to secure followers seems like it’d be frowned upon. That’s the practice of a shady cult.</em></p>

      <p>“For crying out loud, I’m not shady!”</p>

      <p>“So you <em>are</em> reading my mind!” I declared. Since there wasn’t much point in leaving things unsaid, I cut to the chase. “If you can read my mind, then you can understand why I’d be skeptical. I suggest you cut your losses and call it a day.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t wanna! This is my first chance to nab an acolyte in a thousand years! I’ll make you my believer if it’s the last thing I do!”</p>

      <p>The goddess had finally been reduced to rolling on the ground in a tantrum. The authority she’d displayed at first sight had long vanished. I could almost see her underwear from beneath the skirt of her short dress...but not quite. Were these the defenses of a deity?</p>

      <p>“Would you become my acolyte if I gave you a peek?” asked the goddess while my thoughts were occupied by absolute idiocy.</p>

      <p>“That sure is a sentence.”</p>

      <p>The goddess sat on the floor while looking at me with tears in her eyes. Cute. But sadly, that wasn’t the standard on which I based my religious choices.</p>

      <p>“Please, please, please! Please become my believer. I’m begging you!” She was now gripping my shoulders and physically shaking me. Once again, personal space.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm</em>, I thought, <em>what should I do?</em></p>

      <p>To be honest, I didn’t know what she was after. But I knew she was serious. Either way, I had no intention of worshipping any of the six major goddesses of this continent. Even though that was just because the water priestess gave me a bad first impression.</p>

      <p>At the end of the day, this goddess was telling me things that nobody else had. All to get <em>me</em>. I decided to just hope I wouldn’t get taken advantage of.</p>

      <p>My <em>RPG Player</em> skill displayed a choice.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Become the goddess’s acolyte?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶Yes</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>&#160;No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“I understand. I’ll become your believer.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, really? I-I did it!” The goddess hip-hip-hurrayed as she bounced up and down. “So, can I borrow your Soul Book?”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t sure I even had it in this dream, but I found it in one of my pockets after a bit of searching. “Here you go.”</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s see here...”</p>

      <p>The goddess traced over my Soul Book with her finger. For a moment, it looked like the page’s surface lit up. When I looked over the text of our contract, I saw “The Goddess’s First Believer” written on it.</p>

      <p>“Uh, are there any acolytes besides me?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, there used to be. But you’re my first one in a while! You should be honored!”</p>

      <p>I was instead concerned. This was beyond just being “minor.” How does a goddess get to be this unpopular? Still, there was another question that needed answering first.</p>

      <p>“Do I get anything for having your blessing?” It might have been a bit disrespectful to ask that the moment I became her follower, but it was important.</p>

      <p>The goddess, however, just gave a dismayed frown in return.</p>

      <p>“You see, I’m a minor deity, so I can’t give believers my blessing at the drop of a hat. But if you offer me prayers every day, you might get your blessing soon.”</p>

      <p>She had to be kidding.</p>

      <p>“But don’t you worry! I can give you this instead.” She handed me a dagger. “As proof of our contract, I present you with a divine treasure. It’s really cool!”</p>

      <p>“Is this a weapon?”</p>

      <p>“You <em>can</em> use it as a weapon! This blade was forged by divine hands, so it won’t break too easily! Also, make sure you have it while you’re praying.”</p>

      <p>I guess it was like a cross.</p>

      <p>“Anyway, I gotta get going,” she said. “If you get into any trouble, just rely on your good ol’ goddess!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, do you have any orders or anything?” I scrambled to make sure I wasn’t being left without something important, but the goddess just looked dumbfounded.</p>

      <p>“You don’t want me bossing you around, right? You’d prefer your adventure to be open-world.”</p>

      <p>She really did know everything.</p>

      <p>“I mean, I would, but goddesses usually start you off with a fetch quest or something at times like this.”</p>

      <p>“You’re asking for an errand? My, aren’t you a considerate acolyte.” She thought for a moment. “Well, I do have one: become strong.”</p>

      <p>“Is that an order?”</p>

      <p>“It’s not an order—just a simple request,” she clarified. “You’re the only believer I have, so you’d better not die that easily! I have high hopes for you.”</p>

      <p>The goddess gave me a wink, a thumbs-up, and a “Go get ’em, champ” before vanishing.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>When I woke up, an unsheathed dagger fell next to my pillow.</p>

      <p>Yikes, close call!</p>

      <p>“Wait, isn’t this the dagger I stole from that hobgoblin yesterday?” The once-rusted hunk of metal had been reborn into a beautiful blade. I cautiously reached out and picked it up. Its weight was just right; not too light, not too heavy. The hilt fit perfectly into my hand and I felt the sensation of mana pouring into me.</p>

      <p>It must have been a magic weapon. The blue-tinged steel emitted a mysterious glow.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Goddess.” I gripped the dagger with both hands and prayed.</p>

      <p>Afterward, I opened my Soul Book and saw the words “The Goddess’s First Believer” written on it. Was it really not a dream?</p>

      <p>“Um, Mr. Takatsuki?” came a voice. “What’re you holding a dagger for?”</p>

      <p>Shoot, I hadn’t noticed that the merchant’s daughter had woken up. “Oh, you know, just praying to the Goddess.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll join you,” she said. “O Ira, Goddess of Fortune, thank you for allowing us to meet Mr. Takatsuki.” I felt like she was being a little over-the-top, but I <em>had</em> saved their lives, so maybe the excess was warranted.</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s get going. I think we can reach the city by the afternoon.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>The City of Water, Macallan.</em></p>

      <p>I’d heard it was around the twentieth-largest city on the continent. The river from the Forest of Elementals and the Great Forest flowed here to become a canal. It then emptied into Lake Chimay, and the beautiful city of Macallan was built on the shore. There were many water channels running throughout the city, with people traveling atop them via rowboat. The city was also famous for its bustling breweries, and Macallan-made flaming cocktails were adored the continent over. Or so the merchant and his daughter had told me.</p>

      <p>“We made it, safe and sound. Mr. Takatsuki, thank you for everything.” The merchant’s daughter gripped my hand tight. I blushed a little before wishing that her father would tone down the death glare he was shooting me.</p>

      <p>“Really, I should be thanking you for everything you’ve taught me.” During the trip here, they had given me info about the town’s government as well as where to find the adventurer’s guild, cheap items, good food, and solid lodging.</p>

      <p>I had them look at the dagger I’d received from the goddess while we were traveling together, but unfortunately, they’d said that they couldn’t figure out much using their <em>Appraisal (Low Rank)</em> skills.</p>

      <p>Before we parted ways, the merchant said that he’d return to his company. I chose to head for the adventurer’s guild in the shopping district.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, there was a church at the center of the city. The churches held quite a bit of power in Roses, so towns here were always built with a church in the center.</p>

      <p>However, the object of worship in Roses was the Goddess of Water, with that water priestess Sophia being the core of their theocracy. You weren’t gonna catch me goin’ there. I swore to myself that I’d steer clear.</p>

      <p>I found the adventurer’s guild in no time. It was a larger building with much sturdier stone construction than I had imagined. I went inside to find a wide-open space lined with food stalls and open-air weapon shops. This must have been the entrance.</p>

      <p>“Hey there, how ’bout a pint? I got some ice-cold ale for ya!”</p>

      <p>“We got imports from Caol Ilan that came in just this morning! Act now and you’ll get ten percent off!”</p>

      <p>“This here’s a shield made from a dragon’s scale! First come, first serve!”</p>

      <p>Business was clearly booming. There were even people holding feasts atop simple tables here and there. I took a look at the directory board and saw that there was a rest stop (which allowed overnight stays separated by gender), a training ground, and a storehouse for captured monsters.</p>

      <p>The adventurer’s guild was the place that issued adventurer’s licenses. I imagined it to be pretty close to a driver’s education school, but it felt more like a sports gym with a side of recreational facilities. Thankfully, the line for licenses wasn’t very long, so I made it to the counter pretty quickly.</p>

      <p>“Hello. What can I do for you today?”</p>

      <p>The receptionist was a beautiful woman. I glanced around at the other receptionists and noticed that their looks were all at a pretty high level.</p>

      <p>“Can I register as an adventurer?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, so it’s your first time using our services,” she said. “In that case, fill out the necessary information on this form. Also, you have your Soul Book with you, correct?”</p>

      <p>I handed my Soul Book to the receptionist. I then wrote down my name, work history, skills, and current job on the form.</p>

      <p>“Here, I’ve filled it out.”</p>

      <p>“Perfect, thank you very much. I’ll look it over.” The receptionist seemed to raise an eyebrow at my name and the fact that “otherworlder” was written in my work history, but she didn’t say a word. What a pro.</p>

      <p>“No problems with your information. Are you okay with leaving your job as ‘apprentice mage’?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, leave it as is.”</p>

      <p>“It’ll take some time to have your license printed, so please take a number and wait until called.”</p>

      <p>I glanced around as I walked away just in case there were any unsavory adventurers who saw newbies to the guild as fresh meat, but thankfully, there were no such thugs. Not long after, my adventurer card finished printing.</p>

      <p>“Here you go,” said the receptionist as she handed it to me.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Makoto Takatsuki: Apprentice Mage</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Level: 2</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Adventurer Rank: Stone</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Unique Skills: <em>Calm Mind</em>, <em>Water Magic (Low Rank)</em>, <em>RPG Player</em></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Normal Skills: <em>Sense Danger</em>, <em>Stealth</em>, <em>Scout</em>, <em>Mapping</em>, <em>Dodge</em>, <em>Flee</em>, <em>Clairvoyance</em>, <em>Listen</em>, <em>Throw</em>, <em>Gut</em>, <em>Cook</em>, <em>First Aid</em>, <em>Ignite</em></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Strength: XX</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Stamina: XX</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Spirit: XX</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Agility: XX<br/><br/></code></p>

      <p>Defeating those goblins had bumped me up to level 2. Everything after looked to be the same unimpressive stats I’d seen over and over at the temple.</p>

      <p>Damn, I’m weak. Not exactly news, though.</p>

      <p>“Oh well.” Thanks to my <em>Calm Mind</em> skill, I didn’t need to dwell on it.</p>

      <p>I pocketed my adventurer’s license card and left the building. On to my next destination, a place I’d specifically asked the merchant about: Fujiwara Trading Company.</p>

      <p>That’s right. My old classmate Fujiyan already had his own store.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>