<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1"><div class="main">
      <p>Lessons in the Water Temple had taught me that saint rank magic were miracles that borrowed the powers of the gods. I suppose that was why, in this instance, Rosalie’s magic had formed one of the messengers of the gods, an angel. Saint rank magic would burn through the enemy, regardless of whether it was undead or not.</p>

      <p>The demon suddenly seemed to realize that she was outmatched—she fled with a grunt, vanishing instantly.</p>

      <p>“Ah! She’s gone!” Sasa complained.</p>

      <p>She’d gotten away... Rosalie’s smile was fierce, though. “I ask that you destroy that demon, Nachal,” she said.</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p><em>Th-The spell talked?!</em></p>

      <p>The angel of fire vanished just as quickly. Was it chasing Sciulli?</p>

      <p>After a few seconds, there was a tremendous roar. A pillar of fire burst into existence in the distance, spreading out to form a cross.</p>

      <p>We heard a scream as well.</p>

      <p><em>That cross shape was the same as Sakurai’s </em>Sword of Light<em>,</em> I thought dazedly.</p>

      <p>“Did you get her?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>Almost as if in answer, the burning aura around Rosalie started to fade.</p>

      <p>Her red hair gradually returned to its original brilliant blonde color, and the crimson in her eyes morphed back to blue. Standing there without a single wound, she turned her pretty face toward us.</p>

      <p>“Piece of cake.” She grinned, her expression just like Lucy’s own smiles, and far too innocent for her moniker.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>