<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_2"><div class="main">
      <p>—and thrust the dagger, covered in Noah’s anima, into the demon lord’s chest.</p>

      <p>A massive blast of mana blew me back, and a chorus of damnable howling ripped through the air.</p>

      <p>The demon lord’s body vanished.</p>

      <p>A stone about the size of my fist rolled along the floor.</p>

      <p><em>Hot!</em></p>

      <p>The stone was pulsing, and not metaphorically either. This...was the demon lord’s magicite?</p>

      <p><em>Humans call it a philosopher’s stone,</em> Noah informed me.</p>

      <p><em>Aww, I could have made him into such a powerful hero... </em>muttered Eir.</p>

      <p>This was...a philosopher’s stone. I’d heard that they sold for a fortune—enough money to live in luxury for generations.</p>

      <p><em>It’s not like you’re struggling for money.</em></p>

      <p>True. I didn’t have anything to use it for right now, though. I’d probably talk it over with Fujiyan.</p>

      <p>Just then, sunlight splashed across my face, breaking through the darkness.</p>

      <p><em>So bright...</em></p>

      <p>The body was falling apart. Isaac’s reincarnation—failed and deformed—decayed around me until only the philosopher’s stone and I were left behind.</p>

      <p>Noah, Eir, it’s over. I imagined they were still watching.</p>

      <p><em>Well done, Makoto.</em></p>

      <p><em>You’re so reliable, Mako!!!</em></p>

      <p>They’d been a large part of this victory.</p>

      <p>Just then, I felt someone’s eyes on me.</p>

      <p>“Disciple? So it’s over...” Setekh had waited. He was definitely a loyal person. “Rest well, Bifrons,” he murmured, kneeling toward the empty space.</p>

      <p>“He had a message.”</p>

      <p>“You talked with him?” Setekh’s shoulders shuddered as he turned around.</p>

      <p>“He said, ‘You were loyal. Show that loyalty to another great ally in the future.’”</p>

      <p>Hearing my words, his voice began to shake. “I don’t deserve it. The praise is more than I earned...lowly as I am...”</p>

      <p>Though I didn’t understand the context, it looked like I’d just told him something good. He <em>was</em> technically an enemy, though.</p>

      <p>“So what are you doing now?” I asked him. “Are you going to fight me?”</p>

      <p>“I would never! In fact...I would much rather be your ally!” Setekh declared.</p>

      <p>“Noah’s not going to let me ally with demons...”</p>

      <p><em>That’s right. Fuck demons!</em></p>

      <p>Flipping the bird is obscene, Noah.</p>

      <p>Apparently, she hadn’t forgiven or forgotten being tricked a thousand years ago. But...she’d been tricked by Eir just now. It struck me that she was perhaps a bit <em>too</em> easy to trick.</p>

      <p>“Guh, Noah’s disciples are all zealots...” grumbled Setekh. “Cain was always saying ‘My goddess’s words are law!’”</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, I’m not so sure about that.</em> Her charm didn’t work on me, so I thought things between us were at least a <em>little</em> different.</p>

      <p>“Then I shall wait until Noah changes her mi—” He suddenly cut himself off.</p>

      <p>“What’s up?”</p>

      <p>“U-Um...disciple. Ah...” His red eyes had gone wide and he was pointing at me.</p>

      <p>“You’re turning to stone!”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>Damn, I was! It was getting harder to move!</p>

      <p>“I thought you were immune?!” cried Setekh.</p>

      <p>“Ah, the time limit ran out.” Noah’s armor had worn off.</p>

      <p>“It’s going so fast! You’re a hero, so why aren’t you resistant? I didn’t manage to get you with a surprise attack like Springrogue’s hero.”</p>

      <p>My resistance was a big fat zero. That’s why.</p>

      <p>“Can you undo it?” I asked, figuring that it made sense to ask the person with the magic eyes.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t move my legs anymore. So this was what petrification felt like...</p>

      <p>“W-Wait a minute... I can activate the curse, but unraveling it...” As he spoke, he hurriedly wrapped a cloth over his eyes.</p>

      <p>“You can’t control it?”</p>

      <p>“Bifrons was always scolding me for it! My eyes turn everything I see to stone...friend or foe alike. That’s why I was always on my own...and why I was so happy to speak to Cain since it didn’t work on him.”</p>

      <p>Oh, so that’s the reasoning. He’d been a loner before meeting up with Noah’s old disciple. Setekh was strong, but not really demon lord material.</p>

      <p>I could hear footsteps getting closer.</p>

      <p>“Makoto!”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki!”</p>

      <p>“Mr. Boyfriend!”</p>

      <p>Oh, they were all safe. They must have defeated the rest of the blight monsters.</p>

      <p>“Rosalie’s on her way,” I told Setekh. She was a battle maniac, so she’d probably attack first, and ask questions later if she saw him.</p>

      <p>“Gah! I can’t beat that witch! I wish we could have talked for longer...”</p>

      <p>Setekh looked around with the cloth over his eyes, but surely, he couldn’t see...</p>

      <p>“Before I go, tell me your name, disciple of Noah!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I never said?” Thinking back, I <em>hadn’t</em> introduced myself. Man, where were my manners? “My name is Mak—”</p>

      <p>That was when my mouth stopped moving. The curse was too quick.</p>

      <p><em>No, your resistance is too low.</em></p>

      <p>Damn...my stats are making life harder even now, huh?</p>

      <p>“I-I’ll get your name next time!”</p>

      <p>My mouth was stone now, so I couldn’t reply. His parting shot was kind of bizarre, but he did rush away right after. I could see Lucy and Sasa racing over. Neither of them looked particularly hurt.</p>

      <p>Everyone was safe, then.</p>

      <p><em>Man...I’m so...tired...</em></p>

      <p>I could hear cracking noises inside myself. This must have been what petrification sounded like. It was kinda chilling.</p>

      <p>Then...I lost consciousness.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>