<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1"><div class="main">
      <p><em>Water Magic: Flood Gaol.</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, we were submerged in water.</p>

      <p><em>Whaaaaat?! A-Air... Wait, I can breathe? </em></p>

      <p>“What in the world...?” Despite the water, I could still hear the demon.</p>

      <p>“What is this, my knight?” I asked. I could talk, even underwater. What was going on?</p>

      <p>However, my knight ignored both the demon and me, speaking instead to...someone else. “Come on, Undyne. Right, I <em>did</em> say I wanted water, but the amount was a shock... Well, it doesn’t look like Lucy’s place is going to flood at least.”</p>

      <p>“Damn you!” Enraged, the demon tried to approach, but...</p>

      <p>“Impossible!”</p>

      <p>She couldn’t move. <em>Flood Gaol</em> was stopping her. Makoto Takatsuki was still speaking to someone who was invisible to me.</p>

      <p><em>So surreal...</em></p>

      <p>“That’s just what I’d expect from you,” he said, speaking to the water again. “Not even a high-rank demon can move at all. Well, that <em>Shadow Gaol</em> has us in the same boat.”</p>

      <p>Then, he laughed.</p>

      <p>“What are you laughing at?!” I demanded. Why did he lack any sense of tension at all? Was he stupid? We were going to die!</p>

      <p>“Princess?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“Don’t look blank like that! Do something!”</p>

      <p>“Neither of us can move, though.” After that, he cheerily said that someone would probably come to save us.</p>

      <p>The demon’s face twisted again. “Hah! Impressive mana, human mage. Water magic won’t beat me, though! You can’t destroy me—I’m undead! You are our food! Act like it and let me devour you!”</p>

      <p>This haughty demon considered herself our ruler. The miasma around us increased. She had even <em>more</em> power? Slowly but surely, she was starting to move.</p>

      <p><em>Even while bound in this </em>Flood Gaol<em>?</em></p>

      <p>“My knight!” I panicked, pulling at his arm. “We need to do something!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, getting eaten would certainly put a damper on the day. Let’s do it.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>He sounded so calm that I almost thought I’d misheard him.</p>

      <p>“Hah! Beat me! You wish you could!” the demon declared, confident in her undead nature. My knight didn’t say anything—he just quietly unsheathed his beautifully engraved dagger.</p>

      <p>It was coated in mana, and the metal began to shine blue. A blessing to destroy the undead...would be good, but there wasn’t one. This dagger was just a normal magic weapon. Sciulli still wore a fearless smile. My knight held his blade in both hands as if praying.</p>

      <p>Then, he whispered. “I offer this to you, Eir.”</p>

      <p><em>What? </em>That wasn’t the goddess he followed. Eir was one of the Sacred Deities.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the dagger began to glow ominously. The water around us morphed into a humanoid shape, glowing as mana compressed into it. Eventually, it formed the shape of a child floating in the air.</p>

      <p>No, it wasn’t just the shape—the figure had eyes and a mouth. Its eyes rolled as the naked child laughed. What a bizarre sight, almost as if life had been formed within the water. The child had two small, adorable wings on its back, and it was followed by several more of its ilk.</p>

      <p><em>Young angels...the tenth rank...Angely?</em></p>

      <p>H-How? Only saint rank magic could summon angels. On top of that, it ought to be impossible to summon an angel of a god you didn’t follow.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What are you! Stay away!” the demon screamed. She must’ve sensed that she was in a bad situation.</p>

      <p>“<em>Throw</em>,” commanded my knight. He launched his dagger, sending it toward the demon.</p>

      <p>The blade plunged into her chest.</p>

      <p>“What?” Normal weapons shouldn’t have any effect on the undead... In fact, Sciulli started mocking him for exactly that.</p>

      <p>“Hah! That puny weapon won’t do anyth—”</p>

      <p>Makoto Takatsuki seemed wholly uninterested, just following the motions as he spoke.</p>

      <p><em>Sacrificial Magic: Offering.</em></p>

      <p>As soon as the words left his mouth, the adorable little angels leaped at the demon and began...<em>eating</em> her.</p>

      <p>She let out a bloodcurdling scream, audible over the sound of something chewing.</p>

      <p>“L-Let me...go! Sto...p...”</p>

      <p>They wolfed the demon’s body down, even as she screamed and bled black. I could hear nerves snapping and bones breaking. My knight watched it for a time before letting out a quiet murmur and glancing away with a disturbed expression.</p>

      <p><em>Y-You were the one that did that!</em></p>

      <p>I couldn’t even speak in the face of such a sight.</p>

      <p>As the Priestess of the Moon, normal things didn’t move me... I controlled death, darkness, and curses. The grimoires and writings for those magics were full of all kinds of gruesome depictions and having studied them, I had developed quite the strong stomach...but I still shuddered at this sight.</p>

      <p>“You okay, Princess?” asked my knight, his voice unchanged. I nodded clumsily, confused by how he was so unbothered.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Undyne,” he said. “I’m fine now.” The <em>Flood Gaol</em> holding the demon broke apart as my knight offered his thanks. Sciulli was still being eaten by the angels. I looked closer.</p>

      <p>They weren’t just eating her flesh.</p>

      <p><em>Her mana...? No...it’s like they’re eating her very soul...</em></p>

      <p>Defeating the undead usually required holy purification magic...<em>usually...</em></p>

      <p>Still, Sciulli’s threads of fate were snapping one after another. Those threads were the connections between the soul and the world. Cutting them...meant an end. Her life would finish here.</p>

      <p>“He...lp...me...my...ki...ng...”</p>

      <p>Her final words were almost unintelligible since she was missing most of her body. That pitiful voice was all that was left of her, and it soon vanished. Then, with a giggle, the angels vanished as well.</p>

      <p>Despite her strength, Sciulli’s body was now crumbling away into dust. The wind blew away that dust like ash. It swirled through the air and vanished—the onetime subordinate to the demon lord left nothing behind... It was as if she’d never existed in the first place.</p>

      <p>All that was left was my knight’s dagger, motionless where he had thrown it.</p>

      <p>“Well, those wanting to eat should be ready to be eaten...” he said in an almost silly tone. “I’m sure someone’s said that before.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know what he meant—I was too scared. His back was facing me, so I couldn’t see his facial expression, and I was honestly scared to find out.</p>

      <p>“Phew, we beat her.”</p>

      <p>His voice was calm. It was the same tone he used to talk to the mage and warrior. When he turned my way, his face was softened by a kind smile—from my perspective, it looked almost demonically innocent.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>