<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Makoto Takatsuki Prepares for Battle</h1>

      <p>“Phew, we beat her.” I sighed in relief.</p>

      <p>Sciulli...a high-rank demon and the Undead King’s aide... She had been a horrifying opponent. I’d panicked when she’d attacked out of nowhere. She had seemed weaker than when Lucy’s mom had fought her though, so we’d managed somehow. This was becoming a daily occurrence.</p>

      <p>“We got her, Princess,” I repeated.</p>

      <p>Thanks to using <em>Synchro</em> with Furiae, I’d managed to summon Undyne as well. I needed to thank her for that.</p>

      <p>As I turned around to look at Furiae...she squeaked, wearing a terrified look.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? Uh? Why?</em> I thought.</p>

      <p>“M-M-M-M...My knight!” she stammered. “What was that spell?! When did you learn something so horrific? And you made an offering to <em>Eir</em>?! Which goddess do you even follow?!”</p>

      <p>“Wha?” What’d made her ask that? I was well and truly devoted to Noah.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, but the sacrifice was something Eir taught me. Maybe that’s where the misunderstanding came from...?</em></p>

      <p>“Princess, it was—”</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re just like that Highland lot—tricking me to take advantage! Just like that demon! Just like her!”</p>

      <p>“I’m not.” With a rueful grin, I walked toward her.</p>

      <p>“Stay away!” she snapped. “You virgin bastard! You’re after my body!”</p>

      <p>“Hey!”</p>

      <p><em>Why’d you say that?! Also, how’d you know?! Was it Lucy?! Sasa?! Well, really, it could’ve been either of them...</em> That was the kind of thing that seemed like it’d come up in girl talk anyway.</p>

      <p>“Calm down, Princess. Just...calm down for now,” I soothed, waving my arms placatingly at her.</p>

      <p>Gradually, she went back to normal, though she still glared at me silently with half-closed eyes. She was like a stray cat.</p>

      <p>“Well, whatever. Hmph! Well done, my knight.”</p>

      <p>There we go—back to normal.</p>

      <p>“So,” she continued. “About that magic...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, well—”</p>

      <p>Just as I started to try and explain Eir’s modification of the dagger, a voice interrupted. “Oh, Lucy’s boyfriend. Cheating on her?”</p>

      <p>Furiae and I whirled in shock. The Crimson Witch... Had she teleported?</p>

      <p>“I sensed some miasma, but it vanished. Do you know anything?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, well, Sciulli was actually still alive,” I answered.</p>

      <p>“Hrmm! Really? Where’d she go?!”</p>

      <p>“We killed her.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, you did...?” She looked interested all of a sudden, humming as she inspected me. It felt like I was a mouse sitting in front of a hawk. Suddenly, she touched my cheek. Her hand was kinda warm.</p>

      <p>“What a strange boy you are... Lucy seems rather taken, so I’m even more interested.” There was a noise in my ears.<em> The...elementals, probably?</em> “How’d you defeat a high-rank demon?”</p>

      <p>Her eyes were lit in red, and orange light was spreading through her hair.</p>

      <p>Simultaneously, I could smell alcohol. Was she drunk?</p>

      <p>“It was thanks to Eir,” I told her.</p>

      <p>“Would you mind showing me?” she asked excitedly.</p>

      <p>She wanted me to show her...the sacrificial technique?</p>

      <p>“Y-You can’t, my knight!” Furiae panicked, moving to stop us.</p>

      <p>It was fine, though—I couldn’t do it right now anyway.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, it’ll take a bit more time until I’m able to do it again. I just used it, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Aww, that’s a shame,” Rosalie trilled. Her eyes went back to being blue and her hair was only blonde once again. Then, she looked away from me and toward Furiae. “Oh...you’re an interesting one too. Isn’t that right, priestess?”</p>

      <p>Furiae stiffened.</p>

      <p>“Um! Rosalie, the princess here is—”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry. The moon priestess is on humanity’s side this time, not the demons’, right?”</p>

      <p>“O-Of course I am!” Furiae exclaimed firmly.</p>

      <p>Rosalie smiled at her before giggling. “My Lucy’s got such interesting friends. That lamia friend of hers has a strange power about her as well.”</p>

      <p><em>Ah...she knows it all. She probably has </em>Appraisal<em> as well.</em></p>

      <p>“Damn, though. Sciulli managed to slip away? I must be losing my touch...” Rosalie remarked with a stretch. “Oh! Who do you like second best? Lucy’s in the lead, <em>right</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Uh? Um...well...”</p>

      <p>This conversation was all over the place.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps that beautiful priestess at your side? Maybe that lamia, Aya? Or maybe it’s that haughty blonde in the armor or the blue-haired little one?”</p>

      <p><em>That last one there is a boy, Rosalie,</em> I thought.</p>

      <p>“I never thought Lucy’d be bringing a boyfriend home. I take my eyes off her for a second and she’s grown up so much. Hurry up and give me grandkids!”</p>

      <p>I fell silent. The topic had truly been rocketing all over the place.</p>

      <p><em>Yup...she’s drunk all right. </em>She was acting just like Mary back home in the Macallan guild.</p>

      <p>“Well, see ya,” she said suddenly, apparently having finished what she’d come for. She hoisted a hand up in the air. At the same time, I started hearing a whooshing noise, and magic circles spread around her.</p>

      <p>Then—she was gone.</p>

      <p>“A chantless teleportation...even while drunk?”</p>

      <p>“She vanished...” Furiae murmured.</p>

      <p>The Crimson Witch had arrived, said her piece, then gone.</p>

      <p>“Shall we head back?” I asked Furiae.</p>

      <p>“Right...we should.”</p>

      <p>We made our way to the village chief’s house. Rosalie...wasn’t there. I explained our encounter with Sciulli to the chief and Maximillian.</p>

      <p>“What?!” exclaimed the chief. “She was still alive?!”</p>

      <p>“It is good to see you safe, Sir Makoto.”</p>

      <p>The two of them looked grave.</p>

      <p>“Rosalie’s magic had weakened her some,” I explained.</p>

      <p>“I should have been with you,” Lucy said.</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” added Sasa. “We’re glad you’re safe, though.”</p>

      <p>The pair both had worried faces. I felt kind of bad.</p>

      <p>“Though, if that saint rank magic could not fully destroy the demon...then we are facing a hard battle,” noted Florna, the Priestess of Wood. She looked uneasy as she brought in some tea.</p>

      <p>“Has Freya said anything?” I asked her.</p>

      <p>“Just...to be careful... She doesn’t give much guidance like that.”</p>

      <p><em>Hmm, I see.</em></p>

      <p>I turned to Janet. “Can we get any reinforcements from Highland?” If the goddess Freya wasn’t offering help, then the neighbors were our next best bet.</p>

      <p>“I have asked for aid, but...something is interfering with the march, so the reinforcements are delayed.” Janet’s voice was harsh.</p>

      <p>“Interfering with the march?” I wondered. There were people that would go against Highland?</p>

      <p>“It’s the Snake Sect,” Furiae stated, absently biting an apple-like fruit.</p>

      <p>“How do you know?” asked Lucy.</p>

      <p>“<em>Fate Magic</em>,” she answered. “I’ve got an idea at least.”</p>

      <p>That was convenient.</p>

      <p>“Fuu, you should have told Janet,” Sasa remarked.</p>

      <p>“Well...it likely wouldn’t have made any difference. The sect is constantly trying to work against the country.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right...” I agreed. They were a damn pain. “I guess we’ll have to rely on Lucy’s mom. After all, she’s Springrogue’s strongest fighter.”</p>

      <p>I had no idea where she’d gone, though. I hadn’t seen her anywhere.</p>

      <p>“Mama... Well, she drank too much and went off to the moon.”</p>

      <p>“<em>To</em> the moon? Not just moongazing?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, she’s constantly using <em>Teleport</em> to do it,” Lucy explained.</p>

      <p>“W-Wow...” It was that easy? For her, at least, it seemed so.</p>

      <p>“I hope she’ll be all right,” one of Lucy’s sisters commented. “Last time she said she was ‘off for a walk,’ she was gone for a year...”</p>

      <p>Everyone apart from Rosalie’s family looked toward the elf in shock.</p>

      <p>“W-Well, that likely won’t be the case this time. Even <em>she</em> should understand the situation we’re in,” the chief said as a trail of sweat trickled down his face.</p>

      <p>Everyone was silent. Seriously, what was with this atmosphere? Worrying wouldn’t really help us, so we ended up dispersing to get some sleep and recover our stamina. I collapsed into the guest room bed that the chief had given us. The prince was breathing softly in the next bed over, and I looked toward him.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, he really does just look like a beautiful girl,</em> I thought. It was no surprise Rosalie had made the mistake.</p>

      <p>“Nrow, nrow.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, is this where you went?”</p>

      <p>Twi had come crawling out from under the bed. I gazed up at the thatched ceiling as I felt the tuft of her tail brush against my cheek. There was a small lamp lit on a pillar.</p>

      <p>Tomorrow, we would be heading for the Demon Lord’s Grave, and we still didn’t know the full lineup of enemies waiting for us.</p>

      <p><em>Let’s get some rest...</em> I decided, closing my eyes.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>I dreamed that night. It must have been because of the uncertainty in my heart. However, things were different than normal.</p>

      <p>“Noah...? What are you doing?” I asked.</p>

      <p>The area went on forever, a boundless divine realm. Within this space was my goddess, the topmost “beauty” in the heavens. But...she had a sour look on her face...</p>

      <p>And a whip in her hands.</p>

      <p>Floating at her side...</p>

      <p>“U-Uh...what’s with the getup...?”</p>

      <p>Well, floating at her side was Eir. Tied up in midair...in tortoise-shell bondage...</p>

      <p><em>Uh? What?</em></p>

      <p>“Hi, Mako☆” Eir smiled.</p>

      <p><em>Where the hell do I even begin?!</em></p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>