<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_1"><div class="main">
      <p><em>Chantless ultra rank magic! The same spell Gerry used too. They’re definitely siblings. </em></p>

      <p>At her words, a massive bolt of lightning dropped from the sky toward the black demon—</p>

      <p>“Too slow.”</p>

      <p>—and missed.</p>

      <p>“He managed to dodge?”</p>

      <p>“This is one of the demon lord’s direct subordinates,” she said, a sorrowful look on her face. “On our own, we can’t...”</p>

      <p>No, we couldn’t beat him. However, I hadn’t asked for her spell so we could try and defeat Jvāla—the flashy magic would’ve been too obvious. In actuality...</p>

      <p>We just needed to stall.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Mist.</em></p>

      <p>I doubted it would work, but it was worth a shot. Our surroundings were immediately covered in dense fog.</p>

      <p>“Do you think you can escape?!” Jvāla roared. The volume of his shout scattered the mist, and I saw his massive frame coming for us.</p>

      <p><em>It didn’t work!</em></p>

      <p><em>Dodge...</em></p>

      <p>Jvāla’s attack left only a grazing blow, but it still sent us flying.</p>

      <p><em>Hurry up already!</em></p>

      <p>As if my mind had summoned my wish, a yell suddenly thundered through the air.</p>

      <p>“Hah ha!”</p>

      <p>Someone clad in red aura leaped forward and kicked the demon right on the crown of his head. At the same time, fire burst from the point of impact, immolating the centaur.</p>

      <p>“Graaahhh!” he screamed as he burned.</p>

      <p>Beside the flames, Rosalie landed lightly on the ground.</p>

      <p><em>Whew. </em>Thank goodness she’d arrived. I could relax.</p>

      <p>“You okay, kids?” she asked teasingly.</p>

      <p>“You’re a lifesaver,” I replied, while Janet couldn’t manage to string together a sentence.</p>

      <p>However, the moment of respite did not last.</p>

      <p>“Such pointless surprise attacks, Crimson Witch.” The jet-black demon stepped from the towering flames.</p>

      <p>That blow hadn’t even damaged him?</p>

      <p>“Sorry I’m late,” Rosalie remarked with an easy laugh. “That stony friend of yours took a while to deal with.”</p>

      <p>She’d...taken out Setekh? I hadn’t even seen his eyes... Well, not that I could have either way.</p>

      <p>“That useless fool... Still, it seems he managed to land a hit.”</p>

      <p>“Your arm!” Janet suddenly yelled.</p>

      <p>Indeed, Rosalie’s left arm was a hard, ashen gray. She’d been petrified?</p>

      <p>“Man, I let my guard down a bit. I might have trained my magic resistance in the demon realm, but the legendary eyes still managed to get through it.” There was no sadness in her voice. If anything, she sounded entertained.</p>

      <p>“Fool...exposing yourself like that,” Jvāla proclaimed, looking down at her.</p>

      <p>“Hah! If you want to beat me, you’d better bring at least a demon lord. Call it a handicap!”</p>

      <p>At least her confidence was still intact.</p>

      <p>“That arrogance will be your undoing!” The fell wind from Jvāla approached Rosalie. She just smiled challengingly, glowing red and matching the breeze with her own. The shining winds clashed, shedding shock waves that headed toward Janet and me.</p>

      <p>We knelt to make sure the overspill wouldn’t send us flying. A battle between the demon lord’s subordinate and the Crimson Witch was unfolding right in front of us...</p>

      <p><em>It’s too fast, though! I can’t see a thing! </em>I felt like a manga character who couldn’t keep up with the power creep... I glanced to Janet at my side.</p>

      <p>“I-Incredible... Those movements!” Apparently, she <em>could</em> follow it. Well, that was an ultra rank knight for you. It was beyond a mage apprentice like me.</p>

      <p>Since I wasn’t going to get anything out of watching the battle, I looked around our surroundings. The wreckage spanned almost as far as I could see—in the distance, I spotted a small flash of green. The Great Forest. Rosalie had apparently contained the destruction pretty well.</p>

      <p>People seemed to have been drawn by the fighting, and I used <em>Clairvoyance</em> to take a look. This group wasn’t made up of monsters or demons, but of familiar people.</p>

      <p><em>Sasa and Lucy!</em> Prince Leonardo and Maximillian were there too, along with some of the elven warriors from Canaan.</p>

      <p>Great, everyone was safe. None of them came rushing over, though. Everyone was gingerly picking their way across the scorched plains toward us.</p>

      <p>The reason for their caution was...</p>

      <p>Janet yelped from next to me, and when I turned, I saw dozens of pillars of fire and several explosions.</p>

      <p><em>Rosalie sure doesn’t do half-measures.</em></p>

      <p>I couldn’t <em>see</em> anything, but <em>Listen</em> picked up grunts and cries of dismay from Jvāla...along with extended spans of laughter from Rosalie.</p>

      <p><em>I guess she’s a bit of a battle junkie? Either way, it looks like she’s got the advantage.</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto!”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki!”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa called out for me—the noise of combat must have drawn them closer. Maximilian, Prince Leonardo, and all the other elves were with them.</p>

      <p>“I’m glad you’re both safe,” I said. And that was exactly what I was feeling.</p>

      <p>However, the smile on my face was...<em>not</em> matched by those two.</p>

      <p>“Say, Aya. Makoto’s holding Janet’s hand.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha, don’t be silly, Lu. Janet doesn’t like Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>Hearing the conversation, Janet dropped my hand like it had scalded her. “D-Don’t misunderstand! It isn’t like that!”</p>

      <p>“Right. I used <em>Dodge</em> and Janet took charge of the offense,” I explained honestly.</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa gave ambivalent hums as they looked coldly at us.</p>

      <p><em>Why?!</em></p>

      <p>“Um! Makoto?” Prince Leonardo exclaimed, breaking through the awkward air. “Is the fight over there...between Rosalie and the demon army’s leader?!”</p>

      <p><em>Nice one! You got us back on track.</em></p>

      <p>“She’s fighting Jvāla—one of Bifrons’s subordinates. She seems to be doing better than...” I trailed off. “Oh.”</p>

      <p>As I’d been speaking, a massive explosion drew our gazes. Then, a blackened corpse fell to the ground. A shining red figure who looked to be wreathed in magma stepped forward, standing where the other had fallen.</p>

      <p>The red light soon faded away to reveal blonde hair, blue eyes, and a person who was very close to Lucy.</p>

      <p>“Phew, he was quite the opponent.” Rosalie wore a satisfied expression. I couldn’t see any real injuries on her...apart from her petrified arm.</p>

      <p><em>Wow, she beat him one-handed...</em></p>

      <p>“Mama, your arm!” Lucy yelled.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine,” Rosalie said soothingly. “I’ll just get Florna to fix it later.”</p>

      <p>“Magnificent!” Maximilian exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Maxie, you brought everyone here? That’s a good lad.”</p>

      <p><em>Whoa...she’s treating Springrogue’s hero like a kid. </em></p>

      <p><em>Wait, whoops, that’s not the important thing here...</em></p>

      <p>“Rosalie,” I called. “I heard from the demons that Bifrons’s resurrection has already taken place.”</p>

      <p>Everyone present turned to stare, and they cried out in shock.</p>

      <p>“Well, I did have a bit of a bad feeling...” Rosalie mused. “That’s why I burned it all down.” She gestured to the newly scorched clearing that had once been the Forest of Fiends, though she didn’t seem bothered by the loss.</p>

      <p><em>Doesn’t that seem like a bit of an overreaction?</em> Still...she’d certainly beat the demons to the punch.</p>

      <p>“You could have <em>said </em>something, mama,” Lucy complained. “Grandpa was furious.”</p>

      <p>“Ack. Guess I’ll be traveling for a while then,” she replied easily.</p>

      <p>Just as things seemed to be relaxing, someone broke the calm.</p>

      <p>“Ahh, I see... They were all worthless, useless trash.”</p>

      <p>A man was suddenly standing in front of us. He wasn’t from Springrogue. Nor was he a demon. There was, however, something <em>off</em> about him.</p>

      <p>“An undead...?” Sasa murmured. I’d thought the same. After all, the man’s neck was twisted off its axis by more than ninety degrees. A human could never have survived that.</p>

      <p>“No. That’s a puppet being controlled,” Rosalie explained calmly. “The man before us isn’t the same as the one who’s speaking.”</p>

      <p>“The Crimson Witch... I didn’t think you had returned. How unpleasant to run into you,” the broken-necked man spat hatefully.</p>

      <p>“You’re...Archbishop Isaac from the Snake Sect, aren’t you?” I guessed. The man’s gaze swung to me.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. The State-Authorized Hero of Roses... You seem to be a thorn in our side, no matter where we go.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, I was on the money. Isaac was pulling his usual crap and staying out of sight. In contrast to the vitriolic words coming from his mouth, the puppet’s face was blank. He didn’t blink, just stared into the distance, and he moved like a doll—his mouth was the only part of him in motion. Even so, the anger was clear in Isaac’s voice.</p>

      <p>“Well...no matter. You will all die here, with Springrogue soon to follow. It is inevitable.”</p>

      <p>“I think not,” Maximilian denied shortly, gripping a greatsword that shone with light. The sword was called Clarent and was considered to be the strongest sword in Springrogue.</p>

      <p>Yup, definitely a hero. That’s so cool!</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, take this seriously,</em> Noah interjected as my thoughts turned slightly frivolous.</p>

      <p>Rosalie and the country’s hero are both here, though... Would I even be needed?</p>

      <p><em>Be careful, Mako.</em></p>

      <p><em>Eir?</em> I thought back. She was usually so playful and flighty, but her warning had been utterly serious.</p>

      <p>“You think you can destroy this country by yourself?” Rosalie asked.</p>

      <p>The puppet’s mouth opened. However, it wasn’t an answer that left his lips.</p>

      <p><em>I offer this to you, my lord Typhon.</em></p>

      <p>Once that left his mouth, the controlled man began to cackle. His neck was still off-kilter as he gripped a small orb of metal in his hand. This orb was apple-shaped and decorated with the motif of two snakes intertwining. Soon, the thing began to glow.</p>

      <p><em>“It’s been a while, Bifrons.”</em></p>

      <p>In an instant, the man’s voice changed—he now sounded like a young boy whose voice had yet to break.</p>

      <p><em>“Revival is impossible, though. Your soul aches.”</em></p>

      <p>The voice was...familiar. I’d heard it before in the capital of Roses. And, I remembered Noah telling me who it belonged to...</p>

      <p>“The Great Demon Lord Iblis...?”</p>

      <p>Everyone whirled to look at me as I murmured the words.</p>

      <p><em>“I’m sad you won’t remember me.”</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto! Is this really Iblis’s voice?!” Prince Leonardo exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“<em>Fire Storm!</em>” Without waiting for an answer, Rosalie launched her spell and immolated the broken-necked man.</p>

      <p><em>“Yet your reincarnation is worth celebrating.”</em></p>

      <p>The voice didn’t stop, though. Even as the man burned, it continued.</p>

      <p><em>“Now, be reborn.”</em></p>

      <p>Several strange, keening cries echoed across the scorched area. Strange globby creatures, black as tar, oozed over the ground. The offensive screeching was coming from them. Most eye-catching among them was a large monster that looked something like a hill. Its body was impaled with countless arms and legs that writhed like tentacles. Even looking at the creature was unpleasant.</p>

      <p><em>“This is a blessing of both a wonderful new king and wonderful beasts!”</em></p>

      <p>Even as the boy’s voice rose in proclamation, it cut out. All that was left were the profane monsters in front of us. An <em>RPG Player</em> selection screen drifted up in front of me.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you challenge Bifrons and these children, failures of Iblis?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I wasn’t sure what to think. Iblis...not another demon lord?</p>

      <p>“Tch...blight monsters from a demon lord of an upper world? This is annoying...”</p>

      <p>For the first time, I heard some unease in Rosalie’s voice.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Janet Ballantine’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>This happened several years ago. <br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>We were in Highland Castle being taught by the Grandsage. The students were all heroes, priestesses, or other important people who would run the country in the future. I was nothing more than an ultra rank knight, but my brother Gerald had managed to get me included.</em></p>

      <p><em>The white-robed sage floated through the air before us, looking at her students. “Listen up, children. A thousand years ago, your upbringing would have seen you ground to dust in an instant.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“What, exactly? I’d be fine, you hag. My </em>Hero of Lightning <em>skill means I could ki—guh!”</em></p>

      <p><em>“Call me teacher, brat.”</em></p>

      <p><em>The Grandsage had kicked him. Honestly...big brother...</em></p>

      <p><em>“Gerald,” Noelle chided. “Take this seriously.” She was called the reincarnation of Anna the Holy Mother...and she was my brother’s fiancée. We’d been close ever since I was young.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Lately though, Noelle and I had barely spoken... Even if I used to look up to her as an older sister...well, she was not my brother’s betrothed anymore.<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>“Grandsage, what abilities did the Great Demon Lord have?” I asked.</em></p>

      <p><em>“Hmph, so your sister is better behaved. I’ll answer then. His most annoying abilities were </em>Transmigration <em>and</em> Awakening<em>.”</em></p>

      <p><em>Noelle and I spoke at the same time.</em></p>

      <p><em>“</em>Transmigration <em>and</em> Awakening<em>?”</em></p>

      <p><em>“What kind of spells were they?”</em></p>

      <p><em>“His subordinates kept coming back, even when we thought we’d killed them. That’s the first skill, </em>Awakening<em>,” answered the Grandsage.</em></p>

      <p><em>“Like the undead?” I asked. Undead monsters were weak to sun magic, though. My brother or Noelle could easily take them down.</em></p>

      <p><em>“They were not undead,” countered the Grandsage. “They were reborn. </em>Awakening<em> allowed the demon lord to mold them into even higher existences.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“Higher existences?” we all asked in sync, questioning the unfamiliar term.</em></p>

      <p><em>“You probably think our world is the only one out there, don’t you? Not so—it’s actually just one of an infinite number of realms. Iblis came from one of those other realms. The denizens of that world appear to be far stronger than the people of our own.”</em></p>

      <p>I don’t get it...<em> I thought. None of the others seemed to either.</em></p>

      <p><em>“Hah! That’s bull. Other realm or not, we can just beat the crap out of him!”</em></p>

      <p><em>My brother was a simple person. As far as he was concerned, strength was everything.</em></p>

      <p><em>The Grandsage just laughed. “I like your fire, Gerald. However, those superior existences are terrifying. We inhabitants of the lower realms can’t even look at them. Doing so degrades our spirits.”</em></p>

      <p><em>We all fell silent. We couldn’t even look at them? How was that fair? Was there even anything we could do?</em></p>

      <p><em>“Well, heroes and priestesses would be fine thanks to the goddesses’ protection. Calming skills can also allow even normal people to withstand their presence.” The Grandsage paused, allowing us to absorb this information, before continuing. “Now, the Great Demon Lord’s </em>Awakening<em> could manifest higher beings, however, there was an annoying byproduct—blight monsters.”</em></p>

      <p><em>Blight monsters were a type of monster that Iblis had commanded a thousand years ago. There were legions of them and they were all...</em>wrong<em>.</em></p>

      <p><em>“Hag...</em>Teacher<em>. Where are the blight monsters?”</em></p>

      <p><em>That was my brother—he didn’t repeat his earlier mistake.</em></p>

      <p><em>“Iblis felt alone having come to our world from another,” the Grandsage explained. “He used </em>Transmigration <em>and</em> Awakening<em> to try and turn his subordinate monsters and demons into elevated existences like himself. The ones that failed became blight monsters—unsightly beasts that should not exist in this world.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“So they don’t exist anymore?” I asked.</em></p>

      <p><em>“There are a few still on the northern continent, but other than those, all of them were destroyed. As long as no more are created, you will never see one. I only know of Iblis himself as someone capable of using </em>Transmigration<em>.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“Hm, so if the failures became blight monsters, what happened to the ones he succeeded in elevating?” My brother asked cheekily.</em></p>

      <p><em>“They simply got stronger,” the Grandsage answered. “Setekh the Magic Eye was the most famous success. He was originally a pitiful undead, but Iblis rebirthed him into an upper-rank demon with a magic eye.”</em></p>

      <p><em>“That...was one of the demons Abel the Savior destroyed, right?” Noelle asked.</em></p>

      <p><em>“Indeed. Setekh with his </em>Eyes of Petrification<em> and Cain, the Wicked Deity’s Disciple, killed all heroes a thousand years ago...apart from Abel.”</em></p>

      <p><em>That was a famous legend.</em></p>

      <p><em>The demon lord Cain was known as “the Wicked Deity’s Disciple,” “the Mad Hero,” and “the Enemy of Humanity.” A thousand years ago, he killed many heroes single-handedly.</em></p>

      <p><em>The legends told that Cain had no subordinates of his own for some reason—he just roamed the world killing heroes. Setekh was said to have been friendly with him, and according to what the Grandsage had just said, Setekh had been transmigrated by Iblis. Legends also told that Setekh had been strong enough to become of the demon lords but had always refused the appointment.</em></p>

      <p><em>“Either way, Abel killed them, so you needn’t worry. The problem is the blight monsters—they lose their sense of self and do not even function as living creatures. They cannot even breed. However, though failures they may be, they are still higher-realm creatures. Challenging them recklessly will see you devoured. If you ever come across one, choose your partners carefully. The weak will just be eaten.”</em></p>

      <p><em>We all nodded seriously.</em></p>

      <p><em>“I can’t wait...” my brother said with a wide smile. He really did like to fight.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Recently, the reports of blight dragons in Labyrinthos had gotten him fired up. Unfortunately, he hadn’t been allowed to battle them—politics had gotten in the way, since Highland was hoping to give the otherworlder Hero of Light some legitimacy... My brother had been enraged.</p>

      <p>Though...he’d been happily training to rematch the Hero of Roses lately...<br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>“Put bluntly, your first call if you meet a blight monster should be to flee. The underworld miasma they possess erodes the mind, and they cannot be fought in a frontal attack. Heroes are a different matter, but normal people will have to get used to it more gradually.”</em></p>

      <p><em>We all chorused back an acknowledgment. Yet despite her words, I couldn’t picture a beast like that. My brother or the Soleil Knights could surely defeat any terrifying monsters though. Besides, we had the Grandsage too.</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Back then, I’d been so sure that we’d be fine...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>Presently, we were in the ruins of the Forest of Fiends. The air was thick and cloying, full of miasma. That wasn’t the only issue.</p>

      <p>The unpleasant cacophony grated on my ears—cackling laughter and the screams of the dead. They were voices cursing all that lived, melding together into a discordant symphony.</p>

      <p>I took in the area, moving only my eyes.</p>

      <p>We were surrounded by black, dripping monsters with slime-like skin. They wriggled and writhed, morphing as they tried to become something...or perhaps give birth to something? Staring at them made my mind start to feel funny.</p>

      <p><em>My head hurts... I can’t feel my hands and I’m shaking... That stench is awful as well... This must be the underworld miasma the Grandsage was talking about...</em></p>

      <p>If I stayed here, I’d pass out sooner or later...</p>

      <p>“Wind elementals, blow!” Rosalie cried, blasting the miasma away.</p>

      <p>That helped me to recover slightly. I was no longer feeling like I wanted to die. When I tried to speak I could only manage inarticulate noises. Had I forgotten how to talk? How did I do it? Then, I felt a soft strike at my shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Janet? Are you okay?” came a voice by my ear. That person pulled my shoulder toward them. I peered over. Hero Makoto of Roses, the man I’d been with earlier, was there.</p>

      <p>Even surrounded by monsters, I relaxed at the sight of his face.</p>

      <p>“U-Um...” I stammered.</p>

      <p>“You look pale. Rest for a bit.”</p>

      <p>My heartbeat slowed as I listened to his calm voice. He had me drink a restorative potion and I gradually calmed down. Then, I looked at everyone in the area.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? What in the...</em></p>

      <p>The elves from the village that had come to save us, and all my knights, were on their knees. Some of them had even passed out. The only ones still keeping their composure were Rosalie and Maximilian, the girl called Aya...and Makoto Takatsuki. Everyone else looked ill at the least.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Lucy. Need some water?” he asked, moving away from me to support his comrade.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah...”</p>

      <p><em>You could have stayed with me for a little long— What am I thinking?!</em></p>

      <p>I was the commander of the Pegasus Knights. I heaved myself to my feet to examine my comrades. All of them were at least conscious.</p>

      <p>“Use your <em>Serenity</em> skills,” Rosalie instructed. “Also, keep your eyes away from the blight monsters. You should avoid looking at the demon lord in particular—it will poison your minds. Maxie, you have Freya’s sword, right?”</p>

      <p>“I-I do.”</p>

      <p>The two of them still seemed ready to fight. I couldn’t help but admire that.</p>

      <p>“Can you release it?” she asked.</p>

      <p>Heroes with their goddesses’ protection could “release” their patrons’ swords to draw out true power. There were only seven such blades in the world, and only the goddesses’ heroes could release them.</p>

      <p>Gerald was putting in so much effort to gain usage of Caliburn.</p>

      <p>“Of course!”</p>

      <p>The dragonoid hero readied a sword even bigger than he was. The blade began to shine green, and it gave off a refreshing breeze.</p>

      <p>“By Freya’s blessings,” he said. The words prompted a pleasant mist of mana to fill the area around him. The elves and knights—including me—relaxed at that.</p>

      <p><em>Incredible... This is a hero’s power...</em></p>

      <p>Heroes received blessings from their goddesses and stood above people as a symbol of hope.<em> He must be able to defeat the demon lord...</em> That’s probably what everyone else thought. Despite that...</p>

      <p>“Hmm, that’s only around half of its potential power, right?” Rosalie asked, her voice hard.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes. I only managed to release the sword about a year ago...” Maximillian said apologetically. It seemed like more than enough power to me, but apparently, it wasn’t. I seemed to remember Gerald saying he could only draw seven-tenths of the potential power from Caliburn.</p>

      <p>“It wouldn’t be a problem if I was at full power...” Rosalie explained. “But, I need to keep my mana going so Setekh’s curse won’t claim the rest of my body. I’m not currently at full power.” Rosalie’s face was troubled.</p>

      <p>“What...?” The hero’s expression tightened at that.</p>

      <p>“Why not teleport back to Canaan and get the priestess to heal you?” Hero Makoto asked.</p>

      <p>That was right! That was an option!</p>

      <p>“It won’t work. Even she will need time to undo a curse of this level. While she’s doing that, you’ll be wiped out.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” he replied, slumping.</p>

      <p>“You, Hero of Ice and Snow,” Rosalie called out. “Do you have your sword?”</p>

      <p>“I do...but I cannot yet release Ascalon...”</p>

      <p>“Well, that figures.”</p>

      <p>As they spoke, the screeching of the monsters carried on.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I heard someone scream as a black, birdlike monster attacked. The “bird” had wings and a body, but no head. Instead, dozens of mouths were gaping across its flesh.</p>

      <p>Was that a blight monster?!</p>

      <p>“<em>Sun Magic: Flash Arrow,</em>” Rosalie cast. The spell pierced through—holes appeared throughout the monster and it writhed in agony.</p>

      <p>I-It...wasn’t dead from that?</p>

      <p>“This is bad,” Rosalie warned. “The monsters around us have been blighted by Iblis’s voice. They’ll be stronger than normal.”</p>

      <p>“Rosalie, I will defeat Bifrons with this sword,” Maximilian said with surety.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, but can you manage with only half its power...?” she mused.</p>

      <p>“What other choice is there?!” he demanded.</p>

      <p>“I could join you... But I’d be worried about the kids back here. Plus, I’ve only got the one arm.” Rosalie seemed worried for once, trying to decide whether to join the local hero against the demon lord or defeat the blight monsters.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Rosalie? Would my treasure work?” the Hero of Roses interjected.</p>

      <p><em>How is he so calm?</em></p>

      <p>Maximilian refused. “Sir Makoto, I appreciate the offer, but you need a holy sword to defeat a demon lord.”</p>

      <p>However, Rosalie’s expression changed.</p>

      <p>“Hm? Hang on. Are you talking about that dagger?”</p>

      <p>“I am. My goddess gave it to me.”</p>

      <p>Rosalie glared steadily at it. “Show me its release.”</p>

      <p>“What’s a release?”</p>

      <p>“It doesn’t matter—just show me how strong it is.”</p>

      <p>He sighed, scratching his head as he raised the blade. “Eir...help, please. Right, call it an advance...”</p>

      <p>I could hear him mumble <em>something</em>, but not exactly what. When I moved closer to try and hear, I was rewarded with a faint voice in my head.</p>

      <p><em>You’re such a needy boy, Mako.</em></p>

      <p>I could see <em>someone’s hand</em> on the hero’s dagger...but then, I felt dizzy. It was a sense of pressure on an utterly different level to the blight monsters. My breath caught in my throat as fear crushed my chest. Then, a chill raced over my skin.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What the...?!</em></p>

      <p>The blight monsters turned to us as one. They were all focused on Makoto Takatsuki...</p>

      <p>On the one who would destroy them.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Makoto Takatsuki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p><em>I feel like everyone’s staring...</em></p>

      <p>Rosalie, Maximilian, the other elves, Janet, her knights, and even the blight monsters surrounding us were all looking my way.</p>

      <p><em>I </em>do<em> appreciate the help, Eir... But that might’ve been too much.</em></p>

      <p>Just then, rain began falling from the sky.</p>

      <p><em>Did the updrafts from Rosalie’s spells form clouds?</em> I thought on it for a moment but decided that the wind likely wasn’t enough to cause this. Maybe the rain was a coincidence. Or...Eir doing me a solid...?</p>

      <p>Either way, the rain was lucky for me—there were at least a few water elementals gathering around the area now.</p>

      <p>“Hey!” Rosalie exclaimed with sparkling eyes. “How’d you do that?”</p>

      <p>“Um...I asked Eir...” I replied vaguely. I glanced away, feeling awkward, though I wasn’t quite sure why. After all, it wasn’t like I’d done anything wrong. Maybe I felt this way because I’d asked <em>Eir</em> for help instead of Noah...?</p>

      <p>“B-But...” a dazed Janet stammered. “I thought you were a State-Authorized Hero...?”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, right... State-Authorized Heroes are basically ascended adventurers—they don’t have the goddess’s blessing like other heroes, so my dagger shouldn’t have this kind of power...</em></p>

      <p>However, I didn’t think the group would let me fight without proving myself in some way.</p>

      <p>“Was that...<em>direct</em> <em>interference</em>...rather than a <em>blessing</em>?” Rosalie mused. “Is that even possible?” Peering at my dagger, she placed a hand on her chin and a deep frown spread across her face.</p>

      <p>Maximilian and Prince Leonardo were both wide-eyed and frozen.</p>

      <p>“Is that dagger from the Godslayer?”</p>

      <p>“Godslayer?” I parroted. I seemed to remember hearing Setekh say something similar.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, what’s the Godslayer?” Sasa asked, poking her head out from behind me. She was actually a lamia, so being surrounded by the blight monsters didn’t bother her.</p>

      <p>“I don’t actually know,” I admitted.</p>

      <p>“Aya...the Godslayer is a fragment of a weapon used in Titanomachia...” explained Lucy. “Wait... <em>That’s</em> what your dagger is? Let me look.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, here you go.” I handed over my blade, and Lucy and Sasa both inspected it closely, murmuring in amazement as they did.</p>

      <p>While they poured over it, the prince looked up at me. “Makoto, where did you get that dagger?”</p>

      <p>“Umm, from...my goddess,” I answered, keeping the truth about the <em>type</em> of goddess unspoken. If I wasn’t cautious concerning what I said about Eir, he’d find out later. I’d need to be careful.</p>

      <p>The Crimson Witch suddenly burst into laughter.</p>

      <p>“Rosalie?”</p>

      <p>“You’re the best! We’re killing a demon lord, but you brought a weapon to kill a god? That’ll be more than enough.”</p>

      <p>Maximilian seemed utterly bewildered. “R-Rosalie? Will Sir Makoto be joining us?”</p>

      <p>“Well, there’s an advantage in numbers, right?” She then turned to Sasa. “You’ll be fine too, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yup, I’ll back Takatsuki up!” she said, swinging around the Fierce Deity’s Hammer (which was currently over two meters long). I hadn’t seen it in a while.</p>

      <p>“I-Is that...the Fierce Deity’s Hammer from a thousand years ago?” I heard Janet ask in shock. “Someone’s wielding it?”</p>

      <p>I doubted anyone but Sasa even <em>could</em> use it. That thing was <em>heavy</em>.</p>

      <p>“You need to be careful, though,” Rosalie told me. “If you get too close to blight monsters who’ve been reincarnated into superior existences, then you won’t be able to stand up against their miasma. Only heroes with blessings can stand up to their touch. Well, Aya over there would probably be fine too.”</p>

      <p>Rosalie’s look over at Sasa was meaningful. After all, she knew my friend was a lamia, though she didn’t seem interested in outing her for it. The more strong allies we had, the better.</p>

      <p>“Maxie has a blessing and Aya’s race makes her more resilient. So, Mr. Boyfriend, what’re you doing?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, let’s think.”</p>

      <p>Fighting up close out of the question. My stats were too pitiful for that...</p>

      <p><em>Wait right there! Why aren’t you asking me?!</em> Noah demanded.</p>

      <p>Well...do you have a suggestion?</p>

      <p><em>Guh, if I wasn’t sealed away here, I would!</em></p>

      <p>Eir started giggling. <em>What about asking </em>me<em>, then? I’ll let you change over without a penalty charge.</em></p>

      <p>I’m not converting. Still, it looks like Noah can’t help this time...</p>

      <p><em>F-Five years!</em> Noah blurted out. <em>If you give me five years of lifespan, I’ll give you a divine rank barrier!</em></p>

      <p>Suicide magic? I didn’t think you wanted me to use that...</p>

      <p><em>W-Well, I can’t help otherwise!</em></p>

      <p>How long would that barrier last, powered by five years of my lifespan?</p>

      <p>There was a long pause.</p>

      <p><em>Th-Thirty minutes, </em>Noah mumbled.</p>

      <p>That’s it?! Well, I suppose I can’t get in close to attack without a barrier... I would just need to take it on the chin.</p>

      <p>“I think I’ll be able to manage the miasma,” I told Rosalie.</p>

      <p>“Oh? How?”</p>

      <p>How indeed, Noah? Oh, like this, maybe?</p>

      <p>I pressed the blade of the dagger into my arm and let blood start to flow. Then, I began to pray.</p>

      <p><em>Noah, I offer this to you.</em></p>

      <p>I gave a silent grunt as I felt the lifespan getting ripped from my body.</p>

      <p><em>All right! Here we go, Makoto!</em> Noah cheered. Then, her tone immediately changed—a beautiful voice echoed in my ears.</p>

      <p><em>By my name as Goddess Noah—protect Makoto, </em>Divine Armor<em>.</em></p>

      <p>My surroundings were softly enveloped in dim light. This was divine rank magic? It was...less dramatic than I’d—</p>

      <p>Suddenly, screeches and yells split the air. <em>Eck, the monsters </em>really<em> didn’t like that... </em>The warped demon lord with countless eyes all over its body had every one of them fixed on me. Gross.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, forbidden magic.” Rosalie grinned at me. Guess it was pretty clear that I was using suicide magic.</p>

      <p>“W-We don’t have much time, so let’s go,” I said, trying to prevent an interrogation.</p>

      <p>“There’s so much to ask...but yep, we’re short on time!” Rosalie agreed. “You heroes can deal with the demon lord. Lucy and I will take out the blight monsters!” She threw an arm around Lucy’s shoulders.</p>

      <p>“What? Mama?” Lucy was still unsteady on her feet from the miasma. She probably felt much safer with her mother, though.</p>

      <p>“U-Um!” the prince interjected. “Makoto, I’ll come with you!”</p>

      <p>Oops. Yeah, he was a hero too. I just...</p>

      <p>“Leo, you stay with me,” Rosalie instructed, refusing his request.</p>

      <p>“But...”</p>

      <p>“You’ll be in the way,” she replied bluntly.</p>

      <p>He hung his head in shame.</p>

      <p>Personally, I was happier with him staying beside Lucy and her mom. I glanced over at Janet and got a nod in return. She’d help protect him too. Even if she did still look kind of unwell...</p>

      <p>With all of that settled, Sasa and I rushed toward the demon lord alongside Maximillian.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, we’re going to cast together,” said Rosalie. “You should be able to use a saint rank spell or two at this point.”</p>

      <p>“Wha... Saint rank? But I only have a skill for king rank!”</p>

      <p>“What’s that supposed to mean?! Considering who your parents are, saint rank should be nothing! I’ll demonstrate—make sure you pay attention.”</p>

      <p>“What?! Now?!”</p>

      <p>My <em>Listen</em> skill carried the cute conversation between mother and daughter to me. <em>You’re going to be using saint rank magic, Lucy... You’ve grown so much.</em></p>

      <p>“Mama! That’s hot! Why’s it hot?!”</p>

      <p>Rosalie chuckled. “Your mana’s perfect. It’s more fire-aligned than mine. Ahh, I’m getting chills.”</p>

      <p>“Mama, this is getting away from us! It’s scary! The hell are you trying to do?!”</p>

      <p>“We’re going to start with <em>Synchro</em> and the seventh saint rank.”</p>

      <p>“What, just like that?! Wait, I need to get ready.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, you get a countdown. Three, two, one, go!”</p>

      <p>The sheer energy of those two seemed to have pulled the blight monsters’ attention. However, it did sound like they were having fun. Everything was fine, just as long as they didn’t go too far and lose control of the spell...<br/><br/></p>

      <p>We were nearly at our battleground.</p>

      <p>Compared to the other blight monsters, the one before us was aberrant. It was as big as a seven—maybe even an eight—story building. The body was covered in black tentacles, and its form slowly shifted over time. This was the lingering remnant of Bifrons, reborn through the transmigration. As we neared, I could see that its tentacles seemed to end in hands.</p>

      <p>“Huh? It’s grabbing the others,” said Sasa.</p>

      <p>I followed Sasa’s pointing finger and saw that the massive ex-demon lord’s tentacles had wrapped around nearby blight monsters. They screeched pitifully as they were dragged into the demon lord’s bloated body.</p>

      <p>“It...ate them?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Maximilian confirmed. “It can absorb things if they get too close.”</p>

      <p><em>What happened to the miasma being the problem, Rosalie?</em></p>

      <p>“Takatsuki! Monsters!”</p>

      <p>On top of all of that, several blight monsters were advancing on us.</p>

      <p>“We’ll need to deal with them first,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Understood!” Maximilian readied his massive sword.</p>

      <p><em>Hurricane Blade!</em></p>

      <p>As he swung, a huge twister spun around the monsters, slicing them to ribbons.</p>

      <p>“Hi-yah!” Sasa cried, slamming her massive hammer into one of the monsters and blasting it backward.</p>

      <p>She was dealing with the fast ones. As for me...</p>

      <p>“It’s huge.”</p>

      <p>A massive boar-shaped monster—about three times bigger than an African elephant—was lumbering toward me. If it’d been just a boar, things would’ve been fine...but for some reason, it had a human face.</p>

      <p><em>Bleh, that’s gross!</em></p>

      <p>“×××××(Hey, elementals,)” I called out.</p>

      <p>“×××(Heyyy!)”</p>

      <p><em>Water Elemental Unity.</em></p>

      <p>I pulled together the water elementals with my dagger and used them to form a blade of mana. Turning to the massive monster, I leveled my dagger, and let the energy scythe out.</p>

      <p>Mana ripped through the beast—the monster’s flesh split apart and flew back.</p>

      <p>Even so, the mana blade was too weak, so it didn’t outright <em>kill </em>the blight boar. <em>Sasa or Maximillian can finish it off,</em> I decided.</p>

      <p>For the next little while, I warded off monsters as they attacked us.</p>

      <p>“Watch out!”</p>

      <p>Out of nowhere, a huge arm snatched me away from where I was standing, scooping me up in an evasive leap.</p>

      <p><em>Guh!</em></p>

      <p>Right where I’d been moments before, a ginormous black monster fell. The impact split the ground, even gouging out a crater.</p>

      <p><em>Too close...</em> Noah’s barrier or not, I didn’t want that thing landing on me.</p>

      <p>“Th-Thanks, Maximilian.”</p>

      <p>“Look sharp, Sir Makoto.” The manly dragonoid hero was glaring out at the monsters. So cool!</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki! You’re okay!” Sasa called as she ran to me. It seemed like the other blight monsters had mostly been dealt with.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. That one was headed for Rosalie,” Maximilian pointed out.</p>

      <p>The dark form of the huge monster was unbalanced. Above the torso, it had three heads and more than a dozen arms. However, its lower half was like an immense horse with eight legs.</p>

      <p>“Did that monster...use to be a subordinate of Zagan’s?” I asked. “The one Rosalie defeated—Jvāla?”</p>

      <p>“It seems so. At least, judging from its appearance.”</p>

      <p>Would Rosalie be okay? In addition to fighting, she was tasked with protecting the elves and the prince. And certainly, becoming a blight monster would have made Jvāla stronger...</p>

      <p>“Sasa. We’ll be fine here—would you go help Lucy and the prince?”</p>

      <p>“Hm? I mean, I can...but are you staying here? It’s dangerous.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be okay for another twenty minutes.” That’s how much longer Noah’s barrier would hold out.</p>

      <p>“Got it. I’ll see you soon.” With that, she rocketed off toward Rosalie.</p>

      <p>“Sasa!” I yelled. “Don’t push yourself too much! Let Rosalie help with the stronger enemies!”</p>

      <p>“Riiight.”</p>

      <p><em>I </em>guess<em> she heard me. </em>Then again, with her extra lives, she’d probably be fine regardless.</p>

      <p>“Maximilian,” I called out. “I’ll keep an eye on our surroundings, so you go for the demon lord.”</p>

      <p>“Very well!” he proclaimed, hefting his goddess’s blade. Soon, a dense layer of mana covered him. The sword glowed with a green light and started emitting wind.</p>

      <p>While he was getting ready, I kept watch to make sure none of the blight monsters blindsided us. The ones that’d been close to the demon lord were mostly dealt with, but the rest were crowded around Rosalie. Occasionally, a billowing cross of fire would bloom in the sky.</p>

      <p>It seemed like they were fine.</p>

      <p>As I observed the scene, Maximilian was gathering mana in his sword.</p>

      <p><em>Is it some sort of special attack?</em> I wondered. I glanced his way, and then...</p>

      <p>The wind suddenly stopped.</p>

      <p><em>Wah?</em></p>

      <p>The raging gale... His mana... All of it had suddenly gone quiescent.</p>

      <p>“Maximilian?” I asked.</p>

      <p>There was no reply.</p>

      <p>“Did something hap—”</p>

      <p>As I turned to look, my mouth snapped shut.</p>

      <p>Where the Hero of Swaying Trees had been standing, there was now a large, petrified statue.</p>

      <p><em>How?!</em></p>

      <p>“Hello, human! Goodbye, human!”</p>

      <p>Setekh... I was sure Rosalie had defeated him...but he was in front of us once again. Just like the last time I saw him, there were cracks running across his skin, but now, he had a pair of bloodred eyes glowing brightly in his sockets.</p>

      <p>Those were the legendary <em>Eyes of Petrification</em>!</p>

      <p>We locked gazes for a moment. Setekh peered at me oddly.</p>

      <p><em>Uh? What’s going on? </em>The silence stretched further as Setekh tilted his head at me.<em> I guess I should try attacking?</em></p>

      <p><em>Water Elemental Unity: Water Blade.</em></p>

      <p>I sent forth a wave of water from my mana blade.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!” Setekh arched back into a bridge position to dodge it. Did he think this was <em>The Matrix</em>? Regardless, he sure seemed relaxed.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s strange... Why aren’t you stone...?” he murmured. “Well, no matter! Time for a direct attack!”</p>

      <p>He was fast, just as fast as Sasa or Gerald—maybe even faster! His jet-black claws closed in on me, ready to swipe through the rest of my life.</p>

      <p><em>D-Dodge!</em></p>

      <p><em>Damn it! Not enough!</em></p>

      <p>There was a bizarre “fwahn” sound as his claws bounced off the space surrounding my body.</p>

      <p>Both of us gasped in shock.</p>

      <p>“A-Again!” he yelled in a fluster. However, “fwaahhhn,” was all his wicked claws managed to accomplish. It was like they had smacked into a cushion a dozen or so centimeters away from my skin.</p>

      <p><em>Must be Noah’s armor. </em>The protection was just as good as I’d expected for having cost me years off my life. The sound effect was kinda dumb, but I was still wrapped in an invisible cushion.</p>

      <p><em>You could even survive atmospheric reentry!</em> I heard Noah say smugly. I could see her puffing up in my mind’s eye. Seriously, wow!</p>

      <p>“I-Impossible. My <em>Eyes of Petrification</em> do nothing, and my attacks cannot reach you...” Setekh slumped to the ground in despair.</p>

      <p><em>I’m shocked too, buddy. </em>Overall, I was conflicted about what to do. Setekh was a major enemy of ours. I glanced over at the life-size statue of Maximillian. <em>I’ll get Furiae to fix you later, </em>I promised mentally,<em> so just hang in there!</em></p>

      <p>Then, I looked up at “Bifrons.” Even now, the beast was an overwhelming presence. I quickly decided that this...thing...had to be taken out first. Readying my dagger, I approached the building-sized monster.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait!” cried Setekh in anguish. “If you are the Wicked Deity Noah’s disciple, why are you standing against us?! Did she not fight against the heroes of the Sacred Deities a millennium ago?!”</p>

      <p><em>Ugh, he caught me.</em></p>

      <p>Setekh hadn’t possessed eyes when we last met, so this was the first time he’d seen me.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, but I can’t ally with Iblis this time.” I wouldn’t follow the same path as my predecessor.</p>

      <p>“But why not?!”</p>

      <p><em>Why? Well, if I remember right, Noah mentioned...</em></p>

      <p>“A thousand years ago, I believe your god betrayed mine.”</p>

      <p>Right, Noah?</p>

      <p><em>That’s right! </em>Noah confirmed. <em>That damned Typhon tricked me! I won’t trust him again!</em></p>

      <p>Yup, he lied to Noah a thousand years ago. Well, she does seem like the type to fall for scams like that.</p>

      <p><em>What?! </em>exclaimed Noah, sounding offended.</p>

      <p><em>Pfft, he sure told you.</em></p>

      <p><em>Shut it, Eir! I’ll smack you!</em></p>

      <p><em>Ha ha, your punches feel more like tickles since you’re sealed away!</em></p>

      <p><em>Mrrgh!</em></p>

      <p>Goddesses, pipe down! You’re killing the tension!</p>

      <p>“I see... Typhon broke the pact with Noah...” Setekh’s shoulders slumped. “I was so looking forward to fighting alongside another disciple of hers...” His voice sounded almost grieving as he fell back into nostalgia. The look on his face made me feel kind of guilty, but I didn’t say anything and just kept walking toward Bifrons.</p>

      <p>“Modern-day disciple of Noah,” Setekh said. “Sir Bifrons was once known as the most beautiful scion among the demons.”</p>

      <p>“Oh?” I hadn’t known that. Now, he was just a grotesque tentacle monster. Not pretty at all.</p>

      <p>“Yet, he has been reduced to this pitiful form,” lamented Setekh. “I had originally heard that he would be resurrected as he once was...by Archbishop Isaac. This outcome is far from what I expected...”</p>

      <p>Oh, so this had blindsided Setekh too. He must have been fairly shocked...expecting to meet his old superior only to see this monster instead.</p>

      <p>“Are you going to try and stop me from killing it?” Setekh seemed oddly placid, so I felt the need to ask him.</p>

      <p>“This isn’t the Bifrons I knew... Besides, I can’t even touch you. Never have I felt more powerless than at this moment. I will at least watch over him until his last.”</p>

      <p>I paused for a second, then replied, “I appreciate it.” If Setekh wanted to give up and stay out of the way, I wasn’t going to complain. Though, I still had no idea how I was going to actually take Bifrons out.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, there should be a core in the middle of that huge body. Eir is helping out with the dagger, so stab forward and destroy its body.</em></p>

      <p>Was that really the only way? Destroying this writhing mass of tentacles? A dagger wouldn’t be able to penetrate deep enough to strike at the core of something this size...</p>

      <p><em>I’ll have to attack from the inside.</em></p>

      <p>I sighed. There was no better plan, and I was running out of time...</p>

      <p>Hundreds of the tentacles tried to grab me as I approached, but they were all repelled by Noah’s armor before they even got close. Even so, they still surrounded the barrier. Was this really going to work?</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re just walking on in?!” came Setekh’s flabbergasted demand. “I think even<em> I </em>would be eaten if he caught me... Then again, with Noah’s blessing... Hah, I could never measure up.”</p>

      <p>Noah chortled. <em>Keep coming with the prai—no, we don’t have the time! Hurry!</em></p>

      <p>Oh, right. The time limit. Still, she was playing around...</p>

      <p>“Okay, off we go!” Time to defeat the demon lord! I readied my dagger again.</p>

      <p>“Noah’s disciple!” Setekh called out. “I doubt he is conscious anymore...but give Bifrons my regards, would you?”</p>

      <p>I nodded slightly in response as I carried on through the tentacles. The massive monster opened up an equally massive mouth. It was utterly dark inside, like an entrance to hell.</p>

      <p>Scary! <em>Calm Mind, Calm Mind.</em></p>

      <p>In we go.</p>

      <p>I jumped into the abyss...and was swallowed by the darkness.</p>

      <p><em>Nothing... I can’t see anything...</em></p>

      <p>So <em>this </em>was the inside of a monster’s body... Up until now, I had (obviously) never been eaten by a monster. I’d expected it to be much more painful, but the divine armor meant I didn’t really feel anything.</p>

      <p>The...ground...underfoot was soft and hard to walk on. Bifrons’s body coiled around me—the armor deflected it.</p>

      <p><em>Well, let’s give this a try. </em></p>

      <p><em>Sacrificial Magic: Offering.</em></p>

      <p>I slashed at my surroundings as I channeled the wish to Eir, but nothing happened.</p>

      <p><em>Mako, you need to find Bifrons’s body and stab it,</em> she told me.</p>

      <p>But it’s pitch black! I can’t see anything.</p>

      <p><em>Just keep going straight ahead.</em></p>

      <p>It’s not like I can even tell what “ahead” is.</p>

      <p><em>Just let yourself get pulled along,</em> Noah instructed.</p>

      <p>I decided to trust Noah and carried along through the darkness. Something grumbled in the void, a groaning hatred. Was I still even in the same world? Or had I fallen to hell?</p>

      <p>Suddenly, something appeared in front of me.</p>

      <p><em>What the...?</em></p>

      <p>Scenes suddenly sprung up around me, seeming almost hologram-like. Visions of war, of demons being persecuted. Young children were sold as slaves; images of corpses piled up around my feet. It was far from pleasant to look at.</p>

      <p><em>It’s probably some mental attack,</em> I decided as I continued pressing forward. Most of the corpses vanished.</p>

      <p>The scenes changed.</p>

      <p>They now depicted a young boy. He was alone in class, doing nothing but playing games. He had no friends.</p>

      <p>This was...me?</p>

      <p>The image... It was me...as a child...</p>

      <p>What in the world?</p>

      <p>Was this pulled from my memories? It was true that, as a kid, I didn’t do much other than game. I didn’t particularly enjoy seeing it, but what was the point?</p>

      <p><em>Noah?</em> I heard Eir ask. <em>Isn’t this </em>that<em> spell? That one that turns humans into husks of themselves after seconds of exposure?</em></p>

      <p><em>It is. Though it’s pointless to use on Makoto.</em></p>

      <p><em>Whoa! </em>Eir exclaimed.<em> Mental influences really don’t do anything to him.</em></p>

      <p>That wasn’t something I could just ignore... A spell like that was a <em>huge</em> deal.</p>

      <p><em>Don’t worry about it,</em> Noah told me.</p>

      <p>She said that, but I couldn’t help but fret. However, in time, the images of my past vanished, and the darkness closed in once more.</p>

      <p>This was getting tiring. Also, Bifrons’s body was way too big.</p>

      <p>A short time later, I noticed that something white had appeared in the darkness. I slowly approached it.</p>

      <p>It was a person. They had pale skin and snow-white hair. Their eyes were closed, apparently in sleep—or maybe death. Though their beauty was that of a woman, their physique was definitely male.</p>

      <p>This beautiful man was held aloft by countless black hands.</p>

      <p><em>That’s Bifrons,</em> Noah said.</p>

      <p><em>Take him out☆,</em> Eir cheered happily.</p>

      <p>That’s easy for you to say... I didn’t want to just attack some guy in his sleep.</p>

      <p>But...if the demon lord came back, so many people would die... As a professional hero, I had to take him down.</p>

      <p>Sorry, Setekh.</p>

      <p><em>Sacrificial Magic: Offering.</em></p>

      <p>I prayed to Eir and readied my dagger. Yet, just as I was about to thrust it into the man’s chest, his eyes flicked open, and he caught my wrist.</p>

      <p>Damn, he was awake. Was I too careless? I hurriedly pulled my dagger back and moved away.</p>

      <p>The demon lord’s open eyes were blank. His gaze was unfocused, and he didn’t seem to be looking <em>at</em> anything. Apparently, Setekh was right in assuming that he’d lost himself.</p>

      <p>His eyes roved around for a while, and then he spoke. “How long...has passed...since I fought Althena’s hero? Why...is this my body?” His tone was inarticulate, and he probably wouldn’t be much for discussion.</p>

      <p>What to do?</p>

      <p>As I was considering my options, his eyes met mine, and his expression changed.</p>

      <p>“Why are <em>you</em> here?”</p>

      <p><em>Huh?</em></p>

      <p>He was clearly antagonistic toward me. Actually, <em>murderous</em> was probably more accurate. I could feel the pressure coming from him even through Noah’s armor. Sweat trickled down my cheek. Our surroundings flared up with an ominous red glow.</p>

      <p>Now that he was conscious, the mass of mana around us was now under the demon lord’s control. In this space, he was the highest existence.</p>

      <p><em>He’s still got his sanity, Setekh...</em> I thought.</p>

      <p>His body was in tatters, though. It didn’t seem like he had any of his four limbs left. Still, the menace pouring off him was palpable, and far beyond any other enemy I’d encountered.</p>

      <p>“No...you aren’t him... You can’t be...”</p>

      <p>I looked questioningly at Bifrons as his menace abated and his expression turned pensive. His terrifying looks now seemed more sad.</p>

      <p>“Who are...you, human?”</p>

      <p>“Um, the hero who’s come to kill you...” I answered.</p>

      <p>“The...hero?” he asked, seeming puzzled. “A hero... <em>He</em> wasn’t a hero... Then...you are different people... Telling humans apart is...difficult...”</p>

      <p>Hmm, maybe he <em>had</em> lost his mind? This wasn’t a proper conversation.</p>

      <p>“Human...who am I?”</p>

      <p>What’s with the tricky question?</p>

      <p>“The demon lord...Bifrons...right?” I asked hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“Bifrons... That <em>is</em> my name...but I am not...long for this world... The transmigration has...failed...” The demon lord stared distantly at me. His body, held up by the black hands, had no limbs and was gradually being eaten away. “Still...this is a pitiful...mimicry... He must...have tried to imitate Iblis’s transmigration...”</p>

      <p>“Oh, really?” I asked. Transmigration was way beyond anything I could understand.</p>

      <p><em>What are you playing at?! Kill him!</em></p>

      <p>Noah?</p>

      <p><em>She’s right, Mako. He’s weak right now—use the power I gave you!</em> Eir urged.</p>

      <p>My time limit was thinning out. I needed to finish it now.</p>

      <p>I held my dagger in both hands.</p>

      <p><em>Eir, I off—</em></p>

      <p>“You...are a wicked deity’s disciple, are you not...? Why are you borrowing strength from the Sacred Deities...?”</p>

      <p>Instantly, he’d detected my allegiance to Noah, <em>and</em> Eir’s technique.</p>

      <p>“How did you—?”</p>

      <p>“It’s written...all over you. I fought alongside one of you before... If you wish to destroy me...you need not use that technique. I suppose the Sacred Deity tricked you? She must have...said you needed her technique to defeat a demon lord...?”</p>

      <p>Noah and I both let out noises of surprise.</p>

      <p>“Souls slain by that technique and offered up to a Sacred Deity...are reborn as loyal servants of the goddesses. Considering my long history as a demon lord...I would rather avoid such a fate... Besides...a wicked deity made that dagger of yours, along with that anima armor you are covered in. That...is more than enough to destroy me. You do not need Eir’s rite.”</p>

      <p><em>Ach, I’m found out☆,</em> Eir chirped. Apparently, Bifrons was telling the truth.</p>

      <p><em>You knew but tricked us!</em></p>

      <p><em>Of course I did☆ If I got a demon lord’s soul, I could make a really strong hero. Aww, there goes my chance to birth the strongest hero in Roses...</em></p>

      <p>Damn, that’s cold... She was plotting all that?</p>

      <p><em>You used my Makoto! </em>accused Noah.</p>

      <p><em>It’s your fault for not noticing.</em></p>

      <p><em>Wait right there! I’m gonna beat the crap out of you.</em></p>

      <p><em>Ahhhh!</em></p>

      <p>Things were really noisy in my head. I turned back to the demon lord and quietly readied the blade. “You’re not...going to resist?” I asked.</p>

      <p>The man’s expression was bored as he answered my question with another. “Disciple...what is your goal?”</p>

      <p>“To free Noah from the Seafloor Temple.” Though admittedly, I had plenty of other goals.</p>

      <p>The demon lord offered a simple word of acknowledgment before explaining. “My mind is soon to fade...and when it does, I will be naught but a blighted beast. Destruction would be more pleasant... If you do so...you can take the magicite that forms the source of the Undead King’s power. You may use it as you wish... I do not want...to become a dog of the Sacred Deities.”</p>

      <p>“Got it...” I answered after a pause. It seemed like I’d manage the mission one way or another. He was pretty understanding... I was honestly surprised that he was such a gentleman.</p>

      <p>“Though, if you were one of <em>their</em> heroes...I’d fight to my last breath.” He grinned.</p>

      <p>Yup, he was a scary one.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, right, I need to pass the message on.</em></p>

      <p>“Setekh sends his regards.”</p>

      <p>“Setekh...? I remember that name... Oh, him?”</p>

      <p>Good for you, Setekh, he remembered you!</p>

      <p>“Still loyal despite working him so hard...the fool.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, that’s...”</p>

      <p>Right, time to kill him.</p>

      <p>“Disciple. I have a message.”</p>

      <p>“A message?” I asked warily.</p>

      <p>“You were loyal. Show that loyalty to another great ally in the future. Tell...Setekh that.”</p>

      <p>I could feel a faint amount of gratitude in his words.</p>

      <p>“I’ll tell him when I see him.” If Setekh was still waiting, I would pass along the message.</p>

      <p>“Do it... My mind is almost gone.”</p>

      <p>“Got it.” I centered myself and gripped the dagger. Then, I took several steps forward—</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>