<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Makoto Takatsuki Aims for Springrogue</h1>

      <p>“We can travel together this time! I’m so happy!” the prince cheered, squeezing me.</p>

      <p>“I look forward to it as well,” I replied. Despite saying that, I couldn’t help but look confused. I hadn’t heard anything about him coming to Springrogue with us.</p>

      <p>“Leo, you’re bothering him. Move away,” said Princess Sophia. I guess she was here too.</p>

      <p>“That’s right! You’re Sophia’s fiancé, which means you’ll be my brother! I hope we can be closer!”</p>

      <p>“R-Right.” His breath in my ear made my heart speed up.</p>

      <p>“Leo!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll see you later, then!”</p>

      <p>At that, the prince scampered off. I met the princess’s gaze and scratched my cheek. “Prince Leonardo’s in a good mood.”</p>

      <p>“He’s happy that he can go with you,” she explained.</p>

      <p>Yeah, I definitely hadn’t known about that. “So, why’s the prince coming with us?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Leo wants to see you on an adventure, it seems. He practiced in the capital but has no real combat experience, so I’m hesitant to send him after monsters alone. If he’s with you, then I can relax.”</p>

      <p>“It’s an honor...but also a pretty heavy responsibility.” I could feel it on my shoulders. Still, being trusted wasn’t a bad feeling at all.</p>

      <p>“Look after my brother, Hero Makoto,” she commanded.</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>After I said that, I moved to get out of bed and change clothes. But...she hadn’t left yet. Did she need anything else?</p>

      <p>“Oh, right, did you speak with Eir?” I asked, since just keeping quiet would be rude.</p>

      <p>“I have. We discussed how best to protect the people of Roses with Iblis returning.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...” Apparently, she was more serious with Sophia than with Noah and me.</p>

      <p>Her eyes narrowed. “I also heard that she has been in your dreams along with your own goddess. The two of you seem to be getting along <em>very</em> well.”</p>

      <p>“Nah, I just get ordered around by <em>both</em> of them.”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia let out an exasperated sigh. “You have the opportunity to speak with <em>two</em> goddesses at once...and <em>that’s</em> how you talk about it. Well, no matter. You have a guest, so come out once you’ve changed.” At that, she left the room.</p>

      <p><em>A guest?</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>A sharp-eyed knight was standing in the room when I arrived, clad in golden armor.</p>

      <p>“It has been a while, Hero of Roses.”</p>

      <p><em>Uh... Who’s this again? I think I met her in Highland.</em></p>

      <p>“You’re the commander of the Pegasus Knights, the Hero of Lightning’s younger sister, right?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Please, use my name. I am Janet Ballantine.”</p>

      <p>Oh yeah, that was her name. I remembered now. But why was she in Macallan?</p>

      <p>“I requested her,” Princess Sophia explained. “I asked Princess Noelle if we could borrow some support troops for your trip to Springrogue.”</p>

      <p>“You should be grateful,” said Janet haughtily. “We Pegasus Knights are best suited to crossing the Great Forest of Springrogue.”</p>

      <p>“Right... But can’t we use the airship?” I asked. It wasn’t fair to Janet after traveling so far, but the normal method of traveling in Fujiyan’s airship would be much less awkward.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Fujiyan spoke up from the side of the room. “That is impossible, my friend.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re here too. Why can’t we use the airship?”</p>

      <p>Fujiyan and Nina proceeded to explain: there were several different types of dragons in the forest, and using the airship would make us a target. I guess Fujiyan <em>had</em> mentioned before that he’d set up some airship routes <em>around</em> dragon territory. Apparently, there were a lot of green dragons that called the forest home, and even Fujiyan’s ship wouldn’t stand up to them.</p>

      <p><em>So there’s no choice but the Pegasus Knights...and Janet...</em></p>

      <p>We’d fought alongside each other in Highland, and I seemed to remember that the Pegasus Knights had a lot of...pretty intense personalities.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, a knight—one of Janet’s subordinates it seemed—burst into the room. “C-Commander, it’s an emergency! The town is under attack! We’re fighting back, but nothing’s working!”</p>

      <p>“Oh.” That guy was already here?! He sure was quick.</p>

      <p>“It’s awful, Makoto!” Lucy exclaimed as she burst into the room alongside Sasa. “There’s a monster attacking the town!”</p>

      <p>Everyone in the room was tense.</p>

      <p>“Ah, don’t worry. I called him.”</p>

      <p>At my declaration, everyone present wheeled around in shock to face me.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>There was a giant standing before us, gleaming in a kaleidoscope of colors. Well, at least he <em>looked</em> like the creature called a “giant,” but the anima coming off him clearly differentiated him from other monsters.</p>

      <p>Just seeing him was overwhelming. Everyone was holding their breath, but I just walked up to him.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while,” I said, offering my greetings.</p>

      <p>“It has indeed...boy.”</p>

      <p>The pressure from the anima was nothing like before. <em>Is it because he’s stabilized? </em>I could hardly believe that I’d taken this guy on in a fight... I must’ve been reckless because I’d only just come to this world.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, the knights on their knees behind him were apparently depressed that even their all-out attacks had done absolutely nothing.</p>

      <p>It was hardly surprising, though. After all, he was a god.</p>

      <p>“I would hear your desire,” he said to me.</p>

      <p>“I’d like you to strengthen the walls around Macallan.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I see... I would be willing, but in what way?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? In, uh...a strong way?”</p>

      <p>He looked awkward. “That is less than helpful...”</p>

      <p><em>So I can’t just ask him? </em></p>

      <p>Just then, Fujiyan came jogging up. “I have blueprints!” he exclaimed. “Could you strengthen them like this?”</p>

      <p>“When’d you get those?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I searched out architects when I heard your plan. Lady Chris approved them, so they should cause no issues.”</p>

      <p>“Show me...” The giant took a long look at the plans. “Hm, very well.”</p>

      <p>Phew! Fujiyan was a lifesaver. I’d thought that the giant could just figure it out since he was a god.</p>

      <p>“I am not an architect,” replied the giant. Oops. Apparently he’d read my mind and felt the need to retort.</p>

      <p>“Ah, right. Sorry.”</p>

      <p>“If you would back away...” he instructed, kneeling and putting a hand on the ground. His body was already absolutely covered in anima, but suddenly, it was joined by a massive amount of mana.</p>

      <p>It was more than even Undyne had summoned in Highland. The Pegasus Knights and Sophia’s guards all lost whatever color was in their faces.</p>

      <p><em>“Let it be,”</em> he proclaimed gravely.</p>

      <p>The earth shook and almost seemed to rise up.</p>

      <p>Actually, it didn’t just <em>seem</em> to rise up—the whole town was gradually ascending and being surrounded by thick walls. Overall, it took about ten minutes, and then...</p>

      <p>The town was completely overhauled.</p>

      <p>Everyone—me included—was dumbstruck. Janet threw a leg over her pegasus and took to the sky. When she returned, she wore a stunned expression.</p>

      <p>“Everyone...the town is now a fortress.”</p>

      <p>“Th-That was incredible magic,” Princess Sophia stammered.</p>

      <p>“What in the world is that giant...?” asked Janet.</p>

      <p>“One of Hero Makoto’s acquaintances, apparently...”</p>

      <p>“He <em>is</em> my brother’s rival...”</p>

      <p>The two women both had looks of disbelief.</p>

      <p><em>Could you stop treating me as your brother’s rival?</em></p>

      <p>“S-Say...my knight. That was divine rank magic...” Furiae said, her voice sounding deeply shocked.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, well, you know...” I hedged.</p>

      <p><em>I mean, it was magic used by a god... So that makes sense.</em></p>

      <p>“I...have fulfilled my promise,” rumbled the giant. “Farewell.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you,” I replied.</p>

      <p>At that, he melted into the ground and vanished.</p>

      <p>“Man, you could have taken it easy for a bit,” I remarked.</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie, his power was as awe-inspiring as before.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” I said, turning to Fujiyan. “By the way, I’m gonna want to buy a bunch of stuff for the trip to Springrogue.”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me! I shall prepare a spread.”</p>

      <p>“Great. Are you girls coming as well?” I asked, directing my gaze to Lucy, Sasa, and Furiae.</p>

      <p>Now that we’d done everything we could to fortify Macallan, it was time to get ready for the trip to Springrogue.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“See you later,” I called out to Fujiyan, Nina, and Chris.</p>

      <p>“Take care, my friend,” Fujiyan said.</p>

      <p>It was the day after the Pegasus Knights had arrived, and our group was ready to depart.</p>

      <p>“Be careful, everyone,” instructed Princess Sophia. “Leo, listen to what Hero Makoto says.”</p>

      <p>“I will! Goodbye!”</p>

      <p>“You’re going to the capital, right?” I asked her. “We’ll drop by once we’re back in Roses to give our report.”</p>

      <p>“I will be waiting.” She looked a little lonely as we finished our farewells.</p>

      <p>“Say, my knight, what are we doing about this one?”</p>

      <p>“Nrow!” Twi, the black cat that lived in my garden, was perched in Furiae’s arms.</p>

      <p>“Mary, can you look after her?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you’ve got a pet? Sure, leave it to me.” As far as the guild was concerned, Mary was officially responsible for dealing with the Hero of Roses, so she was looking after my home as well.</p>

      <p>Though, with that said, the totality of my belongings consisted of about a rucksack’s worth of stuff...so the rooms were pretty much empty.</p>

      <p>“Is that not dangerous?” Furiae inquired. “She might be young, but she <em>is</em> a magic beast. I was sure you were going to make her your familiar.”</p>

      <p>“She is?!”</p>

      <p>Mary looked curious at the declaration. And when I thought about it, Furiae was right—it was probably a bit too risky to ask a normal person to look after Twi.</p>

      <p>“Guess you’re coming along then...” I said, reaching a hand out.</p>

      <p>Twi hissed at me, pulling back. <em>Eh...why?</em></p>

      <p>“Nrow, nrow,” the cat meowed, cuddling up into Furiae.</p>

      <p>Furiae peered down at Twi. “He’s your master, not me.”</p>

      <p>The cat seemed to sigh before coming over to me and curling up on my shoulder.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, Twi, you’re being a bit mean.</em></p>

      <p>“Fuu stole Twi.”</p>

      <p>“Poor Makoto...”</p>

      <p>Sasa and Lucy stared pityingly at me. <em>Guys, don’t look at me like that!</em></p>

      <p>“Just you wait, black cat. You’re not even going to be able to live without me when I’m done,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Nrow, nrow.”</p>

      <p>Well, she didn’t seem to care. <em>The little so and so...</em></p>

      <p>“Are you done?” Janet and the other knights were looking at us, seeming exasperated.</p>

      <p>Oops. Guess we’d kept them waiting.</p>

      <p>“We’re off, then,” I waved at the people below as all the pegasi rose up and took us into the sky.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Macallan gradually got farther away, and I turned to stare at the newly formed fortress town.</p>

      <p>It now was surrounded by thick, tall walls of stone, with a moat circling the outer edge. Looking at it from afar, all I could see was a massive military installation, and it definitely looked up to the task of weathering tens of thousands of monsters. I doubted a stampede would just pass by, but defending against one would be much easier now.</p>

      <p><em>Still...</em></p>

      <p>Macallan was like my starter town.</p>

      <p>After being whisked away to a world where I didn’t know the language, and after a year of studying in the Water Temple, Macallan was the first town I’d arrived in. It had taken care of me since I was a level 2, and now, it’d changed a lot.</p>

      <p><em>Isn’t it a bit...over-the-top for a starter town? </em>I was sure any future otherworlder that came here would be shocked when they saw it.</p>

      <p>As I pondered that, Macallan shrank to a pinpoint on the horizon.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>After we’d been flying for a while, I spoke up. “Janet, roughly how long will it take to arrive at Canaan?”</p>

      <p>My arms were around her waist, and we were a few hundred meters into the air. There was nothing below us except an ocean of treetops. We were bypassing the Forest of Fiends since it was home to strong monsters, and we moved further into the Great Forest as a whole.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>