<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Makoto Takatsuki Arrives in the Elven Village</h1>

      <p>“This is my big sister and our priestess, Florna,” Lucy said, introducing the woman more properly. “Florna, these are the heroes of Roses—Makoto and Prince Leonardo.”</p>

      <p>“Welcome to Canaan. I’m Florna, the Priestess of Wood,” she replied.</p>

      <p>“Nice to meet you. I’m Makoto Takatsuki,” I said, offering my own polite introduction.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while, Lady Florna,” the prince added.</p>

      <p>Abruptly, Florna said, “Later, Lucy.”</p>

      <p>“Yup, see you,” Lucy replied.</p>

      <p>I thought we’d be talking for a little longer, but she’d just up and left. Really? Already? We’d just met, though...</p>

      <p>“Lucy, wouldn’t it have been better to...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry,” Lucy replied. “Everyone will come together since a member of the family’s back. We can talk later.”</p>

      <p>“Right. I guess that’s fine.” At least the family connection made things easier. We could accomplish one of our goals right away.</p>

      <p>“Come in, everyone!” Lucy exclaimed. “This is where I grew up—the village chief’s home.”</p>

      <p>It was a mansion built from weathered wood. The beams that supported the walls and ceiling looked to be made of demon trees that’d been processed with magic. The carpet on the floor was woven in a complex design that had magic characters embroidered into it. Bookshelves covered the walls, and they were filled with books on magic. It felt like I was back in the Water Temple’s library.</p>

      <p><em>So this is where Lucy grew up...</em></p>

      <p>We walked farther inside, and I peered around, taking everything in. I spied a rocking chair in the room, and an elderly elf sitting in it. The wrinkles on his face were deep-set, and his body seemed to be withering away, but his eyes still had a sharp glint in them.</p>

      <p>“I have been waiting for you, Hero of Roses,” said the old elf. “I presume that you are Prince Leonardo?”</p>

      <p>“No, this is him,” I answered, pulling Prince Leonardo out from where he’d hidden behind me. <em>Why’d he look at me and think of the prince? Surely I am a blatant commoner?</em></p>

      <p>There was a long silence.</p>

      <p><em>Uh? What gives?</em></p>

      <p>“Grandpa...don’t try to play it cool when your eyes are that bad.”</p>

      <p>“I-Indeed. Lucy, introduce us,” he said.</p>

      <p><em>You should have done that from the start!</em></p>

      <p>“Um, this is Prince Leonardo of Roses. This is Janet of the Pegasus Knights of Highland. This is my best friend Aya, an otherworlder.”</p>

      <p>He nodded and hummed along as she introduced us one at a time, but when she said “otherworlder” he gave a jolt. Otherworlders really <em>were</em> rare, then.</p>

      <p>“This is Fuuri from Cameron,” she continued, using the usual lie.</p>

      <p>“It’s nice to meet you,” Furiae added after a moment. She’d gotten a lot friendlier.</p>

      <p>“What beauty...”</p>

      <p>That was Furiae, all right. Even Lucy’s grandpa had fallen for her.</p>

      <p>“Hey! Grandpa...”</p>

      <p>His expression snapped back to a serious look, but it was probably already too late.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for coming all this way, everyone,” he said. “I am Canaan’s chief, Walt J. Walker. You are welcome here as long as Lucy calls you friends.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, wait, wait!” Lucy protested. “I haven’t introduced Makoto yet.”</p>

      <p>Oh, right. I’d gotten only halfway introduced before being mistaken for the prince.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, that would be the youth with such little mana? He doesn’t look like a hero, so I assumed he was probably your porter,” Lucy’s grandpa said with a chuckle.</p>

      <p><em>Hey! I </em>am<em> a hero...more or less... Even if I do have a mana stat of four...</em></p>

      <p>Lucy clutched her hands together behind her back, fidgeting, and she stepped a little closer to me.</p>

      <p>“He’s a State-Authorized Hero of Roses, and...my lover, Makoto Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“What in the world?!” the old elf yelled. I’d assumed that he was in the rocking chair because his legs were bad, but he practically leaped up from it, waving a staff around. “This is the first I’ve heard of that!”</p>

      <p>“That’s because I just told you!”</p>

      <p>“No! He isn’t right for you!”</p>

      <p>“And what’s <em>that</em> supposed to mean?!”</p>

      <p><em>Yeah...this seems about right for her family... </em>Their levels of excitement seemed to shift at the slightest thing.</p>

      <p>“Grandpa, you shouldn’t be so angry, it’s bad for your blood pressure.” Another elven woman had come out to check on the commotion and calm him down. She also looked related to Lucy.</p>

      <p>The chief’s breaths were now coming in wheezing gasps.</p>

      <p>“So you’re already pregnant, then?” asked the new woman.</p>

      <p>“What?! Where’d that come from?!” Lucy demanded.</p>

      <p>Sasa and I stared at each other in shock. Where <em>had</em> that come from?</p>

      <p>“Well, why else would you bring a man back?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not like mama and you lot!”</p>

      <p>“Don’t even try it. I bet you’re at it like rabbits.”</p>

      <p>“We haven’t yet! W-We’ve only...k-kissed...”</p>

      <p>“You’ve only kissed?” asked the other woman tauntingly. “What are you playing at? What’ll become of our reputation?”</p>

      <p>While Lucy and her sister were having their...charming...conversation, someone came up next to me. It was Lucy’s grandpa.</p>

      <p>“Boy, what is the relationship between you and Lucy?” he demanded with a vice-like grip on my shoulder. I really didn’t like the look in his eyes.</p>

      <p>“Uh, well, you see...”</p>

      <p>We <em>were </em>together, yes, but I was worried that saying so in front of Sasa would end badly. However, at that point, Sasa grabbed hold of my arm and smiled.</p>

      <p>“Lu’s his girlfriend. Also, so am I...along with Princess Sophia of Roses.”</p>

      <p>“Bwuh?!” came the simultaneous gasp from the chief and Lucy’s sister.</p>

      <p>“What in the world...?” her granddad said.</p>

      <p>“You got a princess and a man. Not bad, Lucy...” her sister added.</p>

      <p>Things were just all over the place now! I ended up having to explain everything rather than holding some of it back. Naturally, I also added our reason for coming to Springrogue—we were here to investigate the origins of the monster stampede.</p>

      <p>“A stampede of monsters from the Forest of Fiends...” mused Lucy’s grandfather with a grave expression. “This should be discussed with the other villages. I will prepare the council. Everyone, this way.”</p>

      <p>We were guided further into the mansion, into a room that was about fifteen square meters. At the center of the room was a massive magic circle.</p>

      <p><em>What’s this for?</em> I wondered.</p>

      <p>Lucy looked at my confused expression and began to explain. “Makoto, this room...”</p>

      <p>Springrogue—the country we were in—was the only nation on the continent that had no king. Rather, it was a collection of hundreds of villages of elves and demihumans. So, how had it become organized as a country? According to Lucy, Springrogue had established a council.</p>

      <p>“Representatives of each village come together to make up the Springrogue Council,” she explained. “They deal with the overall running of the country. The chairman rotates between each village on a four-year cycle. Grandpa was chosen back in the past.”</p>

      <p>“The system was implemented by the legendary Johnnie Walker,” Prince Leonardo said. Johnnie Walker had been one of Abel the Savior’s companions, as well as Lucy’s great-granddad.</p>

      <p>“Great-grandpa was too free-spirited, though, so he was never the chairman,” Lucy added.</p>

      <p>“My father spent four hundred years ensuring his lineage as he traveled the world,” the village chief remarked absently. Well, the rumors <em>did</em> say that Johnnie Walker had left behind many children.</p>

      <p>As the conversation went on, images of various elves and beastmen started appearing above the circle. <em>I-Is it...a video conference system?</em> There were twenty to thirty images, and all of them floated in the air. Each one also had sound.</p>

      <p>“A summons from Canaan? That’s a rarity.”</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“You’re cutting into time with my grandkids.”</p>

      <p>The elderly voices were probably from the chiefs of other villages.</p>

      <p><em>W-Wow! </em>I’d underestimated fantasy worlds! This was a full-on broadcast.</p>

      <p>“It would appear that there has been an occurrence in the Forest of Fiends which led to a stampede on a town in Roses. Does anyone have more information?” Lucy’s grandfather asked the rest of the assembly.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I have nothing...”</p>

      <p>“Things seem too calm for a stampede.”</p>

      <p>“That’s rare for the Forest of Fiends.”</p>

      <p>The first few people to speak up didn’t have anything new to add.</p>

      <p>“Actually, there have recently been more sightings of the undead,” one remarked.</p>

      <p>“Ah...I seem to remember hearing the same thing.”</p>

      <p>“My own village has reported seeing undead in the forest.”</p>

      <p>But eventually, things shifted in a more promising direction.</p>

      <p>“They’re being summoned by the Forest of Fiends, then.”</p>

      <p>“This won’t end well.”</p>

      <p>“It wouldn’t be an issue if they <em>stayed </em>in the Forest of Fiends. But since they’re out in the Great Forest proper, we need to take action.”</p>

      <p>The chiefs all wore serious expressions as they started up a debate. I wasn’t quite following the conversation, so I softly asked the question that was on my mind.</p>

      <p>“Why is the forest summoning the undead?”</p>

      <p>“The grave of Bifrons, the Undead King, is within the Forest of Fiends,” Prince Leonardo told me. “It’s called the Demon Lord’s Grave and it’s protected by tens of thousands of undead.”</p>

      <p>“The Demon Lord’s Grave...” I murmured. I recognized the name—it was on the quest board at the Macallan guild, listed as a mythril rank investigation. Naturally, no one had taken it.</p>

      <p>Actually...Lucas might have said that he’d tried?</p>

      <p>“Why would you just leave something like that?” Sasa murmured. “Couldn’t you just destroy it?”</p>

      <p>I was honestly thinking the same thing.</p>

      <p>“Well, warrior,” Furiae began, “powerful magic seals it away, but the grave still gives off a strong miasma. Normal people can’t get close to it, and destroying it would require the sacrifice of an incredible number of people.”</p>

      <p>While our group was whispering amongst ourselves, the conversation between the chiefs continued.</p>

      <p>“Speaking of these things, where is the Hero of Springrogue?”</p>

      <p>“Training in the Great Forest for this Northern Front Plan.”</p>

      <p>“That was just Highland’s decision. Hardly something we should be involved in...”</p>

      <p>“Highland is a large country, though. We don’t have much room for argument.”</p>

      <p>The debate had started to include some complaints about Highland, and now Janet had a scowl on her face.</p>

      <p>“My apologies for the summoning today,” said Lucy’s grandfather. “Let us reconvene in seven days from now with all the villages. I would appreciate the hero being contacted as well.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, very well then.”</p>

      <p>“What a pain.”</p>

      <p>Gradually, the images winked out.</p>

      <p><em>I see...so the country unifies its responses like this? </em>It was pretty democratic. I’d heard citizens of Springrogue referred to as just “tree people” that lived alongside nature, so I’d honestly expected them to have a fairly primitive lifestyle... Seeing this, though, maybe Springrogue was the most advanced of them all.</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p><em>Will this system work during wartime?</em></p>

      <p>Their overall leader changed every four years, after all. I guess it wasn’t our place to criticize how other people ran their countries.</p>

      <p>With the meeting concluded, we all filed out of the conference room—next, Canaan held a feast to welcome us.</p>

      <p>There was a lot of food, and a <em>lot</em> of Lucy’s family. The majority of the cooking utilized wild plants and fruits, grilled horned rabbits, river fish, and so on. The seasoning was light, but everything was done well and it all tasted good.</p>

      <p>“Oh, so you’re a prince? How cute.”</p>

      <p>“Do you like older women?”</p>

      <p>“Hey! You’re over forty years older.”</p>

      <p>“You’re not much different. You’ve been and gone twice.”</p>

      <p>Prince Leonardo was proving popular with the female elves. Incidentally, they were all fairly old in literal terms but still looked to be in their twenties. On top of that, they were all visions of beauty. That was elves for you...</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto...” he pleaded, looking my way for help.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, I was caught up with Lucy’s granddad.</p>

      <p>“So, Makoto. Tell me about your relationship with Lucy.”</p>

      <p>“Um, well we met in Macallan.”</p>

      <p>“Come on, grandpa, this is the tenth time!” Lucy protested.</p>

      <p>But the old elf just kept going. “You say you are <em>with</em> both Lucy and this Sasaki woman! Surely that must be in bad faith!”</p>

      <p>Incidentally, Sasa was currently nestled on my lap. She <em>said</em> it was because she was drunk...but I wasn’t so sure she was actually even tipsy.</p>

      <p>“Come on, grandpa! Enough already!”</p>

      <p>“It is not! You’re too much like Rosalie!”</p>

      <p>“No way, not even slightly!”</p>

      <p>“Right, she’d already had kids by Lucy’s age,” one of the sisters chimed in.</p>

      <p>“So did you!”</p>

      <p>“Did I?”</p>

      <p>Lucy’s mother... I kind of wanted to meet her once. I also wanted to speak with the priestess, but Furiae was currently doing so. She must have been talking as one priestess to another—I’d have to get Furiae to fill me in later.</p>

      <p>The elves were all heavyweights when it came to drinking, and it didn’t look like the party would end any time soon. The prince, however, was dropping off, so I walked him to bed. Janet’s subordinate was keeping watch over him, so I didn’t need to worry.</p>

      <p>Lucy, Sasa, and Furiae were all still at the party, so I’d need to head back.</p>

      <p><em>But I am feeling a bit tipsy, so maybe I’ll get some air first...</em></p>

      <p>I wandered around the darkened village for a while. It felt kind of empty without any street lighting. There were spots of glowing moongrass all over the place though, and they bathed the area in moonlight.</p>

      <p><em>Night Vision </em>enabled me to see, despite the dim lighting. Considering how good elven eyes were, they must only bother with this much illumination. The barrier around the village kept it safe, and the silver light from the moongrass was gorgeous.</p>

      <p>As I was walking through the village and enjoying the night breeze, a female voice called out to me.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I haven’t met you before.”</p>

      <p>An elf woman was standing in the moonlight.</p>

      <p><em>Is she one of Lucy’s sisters?</em></p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>