<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Makoto Takatsuki Faces a Demon Lord</h1>

      <p>“That stupid girl!” the chief yelled. All of Rosalie’s children (Lucy included) wore troubled expressions. The hero and priestess—that is, Maximillian and Florna—had hard looks on their faces.</p>

      <p>Immediately, I suggested chasing after her.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Makoto,” Lucy interjected. “<em>Teleport</em> is mama’s specialty.”</p>

      <p>“We could run after her and not manage to catch up,” Sasa pointed out. “I could even see us arriving at her current location...only to realize that she’s already gotten back home...”</p>

      <p>The pair then explained just why everyone was gathered.</p>

      <p>“So...all we can do is wait?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I struggle to imagine the Crimson Witch losing...” Janet muttered. This made sense—after all, Janet <em>had</em> seen the woman easily take out one of the demon lord’s aides.</p>

      <p>“She is not invincible, though,” the chief countered. “Rosalie has said that she cannot beat the White Grandsage.”</p>

      <p>“Plus, it was the Hero of Highland who defeated the demon lord Valac a century ago...” added another family member.</p>

      <p>Clearly, the family as a whole was concerned for Rosalie. I’d also heard something that bore further questioning.</p>

      <p>“The Grandsage is stronger than Rosalie?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Mom said that when they fought in the past...she lost...so, yes,” answered one of Lucy’s sisters.</p>

      <p>“What?! Mama fought against the Grandsage?” Lucy exclaimed, shocked at her older sister’s words.</p>

      <p>“Apparently, when she was married and living in Highland, she used fighting as a stress release when the class system got to be too much for her.”</p>

      <p>“There were twenty matches between them...and mom ended up beaten to a pulp every time.”</p>

      <p>I was amazed at the explanation from Lucy’s sisters, but...</p>

      <p><em>Whoops, getting off-topic.</em></p>

      <p>“So, have we decided our next moves?” I asked, redirecting the conversation back to the current situation.</p>

      <p>Silence fell again.</p>

      <p>As the country’s priestess, Florna spoke for the whole group. Our plan could be summed up by the following three points:</p>

      <p>Springrogue’s forces would head for the Demon Lord’s Grave at noon today.</p>

      <p>The safest move would be to join them.</p>

      <p>The current plan would leave Rosalie alone until that time.</p>

      <p>That last point was their main concern. I glanced toward my friends.</p>

      <p>Lucy was engrossed in her thoughts, eyes downcast. It had been years since she’d been able to see her mother, so she was probably worried about Rosalie’s safety.</p>

      <p>“Let’s set out ahead of the main forces,” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“Makoto?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“You’re worried about your mom, right?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah...” Lucy was fretfully wringing her hands.</p>

      <p>“So, we’ll leave before the rest.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait!” said a flustered Prince Leonardo. “You cannot go alone!”</p>

      <p>“It’ll be fine. Sasa and I can use <em>Stealth</em>, so we’ll avoid the monsters. If Rosalie is there, we can have her use <em>Teleport </em>to send us on.” Plus, if we couldn’t find her, we could stay hidden until we met up with everyone else.</p>

      <p>“That good with you?” I asked, directing the question at Lucy and Sasa.</p>

      <p>“Sure,” Sasa replied lightly.</p>

      <p><em>Thanks, Sasa.</em></p>

      <p>After a moment, Lucy said, “Thank you, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Wait.” Furiae waved her hand at me. “Aren’t you forgetting someone?”</p>

      <p>“You’re holding down the fort with Florna,” I told her. <em>She should be fairly safe if she sticks with the other priestess.</em></p>

      <p>“You’re abandoning me again?” Furiae snapped, her eyes narrow and lidded.</p>

      <p>“I mean, it’s the Demon Lord’s Grave. That’s not a good...” I trailed off. It was obviously dangerous. However, Furiae didn’t seem to be having any of it.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be useful. You know that, right? <em>Necromancy</em> is my specialty, so I’m a good match for the monsters in the Forest of Fiends.” She poked me in the cheek, and then I realized that Twi was pawing my leg. <em>You want in as well?</em></p>

      <p>Even so...</p>

      <p>I hummed. Since I was her guardian knight, I didn’t think I should be taking her to dangerous places.</p>

      <p>“Nope. Definitely not.” I decided. “You stay back here.”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>“Meow, meow!”</p>

      <p>Priestess and cat alike both protested. <em>So you </em>can<em> meow properly! Still, I don’t care how much you complain—you’re staying here.</em></p>

      <p>“Right, guys, be ready to go in forty sec—”</p>

      <p>The chief cut me off. “Wait, Hero of Roses.” He peered my way with a sharp gaze. “These are needless concerns. Rosalie is our family, so we shall accompany you!”</p>

      <p>“We’ll guide you. There are shortcuts known to the elves.”</p>

      <p>“We’ll be ready in moments.”</p>

      <p>“Guys!” Lucy exclaimed at her siblings, her expression brightening suddenly.</p>

      <p>In the end, half of our fighters went after Rosalie. The remaining forces were tasked with defending the village. Most of the fighters with us were male elven warriors (and many of them were Lucy’s brothers). There was also the Hero of Swaying Trees, Prince Leonardo, and Janet.</p>

      <p>The chief would wait in Canaan so he could communicate with the other villages. He’d originally raved about coming with us, but his family had talked him down. Furiae and Florna were staying in the village, along with the majority of the female elves. Almost all elves were high rank mages, so the women were formidable as well.</p>

      <p>Canaan’s defense should be fine...unless things went <em>very</em> wrong.</p>

      <p>We had already left for the Forest of Fiends. I was almost holding my breath as we progressed quietly through the area. It wasn’t the same route I’d previously taken with Sasa; this was a shortcut to the Forest of Fiends that only the elf village knew. There were few monsters and it was a safe route...or, it should’ve been.</p>

      <p>A thick mist lingered between the trees, even during the day. The massive branches of the demon trees—said to be over a millennium old—entwined into a canopy that blocked out the sun.</p>

      <p>I felt something strange about it, though—the water elementals were restless.</p>

      <p>“There are a lot of monsters,” Janet commented quietly. She had a long-range scouting skill, so we could trust her judgment.</p>

      <p>“What do you think, Lucy?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Yeah... I’ve never seen the area this noisy.”</p>

      <p>So even one of the locals felt a sense of unease. I could sense the tension of the warriors leading the way as we carefully progressed deeper into the forest.</p>

      <p>That carried on for a while, when suddenly, a splitting pain assaulted my head.</p>

      <p><em>What...?</em></p>

      <p><em>It’s...</em>Sense Danger<em>?</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, the elves at the vanguard halted.</p>

      <p><em>No... They haven’t </em>just<em> stopped...</em></p>

      <p>They’d turned to stone. The instant I realized that, I cast.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Mist!</em>”</p>

      <p>The spell conjured a thick blanket of fog, turning our vision pure white.</p>

      <p>“Oh! How splendid!” came a jubilant voice. “I used <em>Petrifying Gaze</em> but once and found my vision blocked... The best response. I would gladly meet such a calm mage!”</p>

      <p>I didn’t even need to ask who this was—I remembered him.</p>

      <p>“I have yet to introduce myself. I am Setekh the Magic Eye, beholden to our great and powerful Iblis. I apologize for keeping you waiting, warriors of Springrogue!”</p>

      <p>He was definitely excitable... Setekh the Magic Eye. The <em>Eyes of Petrification</em>, I suppose. He must have managed to regenerate them.</p>

      <p>This had gotten annoying.</p>

      <p>“Everyone, come forth!” he called loudly.</p>

      <p>All around us, monsters began baying.</p>

      <p>“We’re surrounded!” Lucy yelled. A moment later, I noticed as well—we were in the middle of an enemy swarm. Was this an ambush?</p>

      <p>“Scatter!” Maximilian ordered. “We’ll be a target if we stop!”</p>

      <p>Everyone started moving at once.</p>

      <p>“Sasa! You take the prince!”</p>

      <p>“Got it!”</p>

      <p>She could use <em>Stealth</em> and carry him on her own.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Lucy!” I grabbed hold of her hand and activated my own <em>Stealth</em> skill.</p>

      <p>“W-Wai—”</p>

      <p>“Be quiet,” I said, cutting off her protest.</p>

      <p>We moved away, quietly, and as fast as possible. The area was surrounded, but the monsters didn’t form a literal wall. We could still get out of this.</p>

      <p>“I’m over here, Hero of Springrogue.” Setekh guffawed. “Won’t you offer your name?”</p>

      <p>I could hear his provocation. How did he know the hero was here? Was it his voice? I used <em>Listen</em> to try and ascertain, but I couldn’t hear any fighting, so everyone must have gotten out of the area. We needed to do the same.</p>

      <p>Using my skill, I faintly detected some snippets of speech. “How boring... Sciulli hasn’t returned. His Majesty will soon...”</p>

      <p><em>By </em>soon<em>, he means...tonight, during the full moon, right?</em></p>

      <p>Was that actually true? I wasn’t so sure, but we needed to get away first. We progressed with bated breath under the cover of the thick mist and <em>Stealth</em>. Eventually, the footfalls and growls of the monsters died out. <em>Scout</em> also told me the monsters were far away, so we’d made it...</p>

      <p>I let out a sigh, then turned to my friend.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, we ma— Wh-What?”</p>

      <p>“I apologize. You said not to speak.” The girl holding my hand seemed apologetic. The <em>blonde</em> girl. With sharp eyes.</p>

      <p>Janet Ballantine.</p>

      <p>I hadn’t grabbed hold of Lucy. The instant I realized, my blood ran cold.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-Where is she?!</em></p>

      <p>I told myself to relax, setting <em>Calm Mind</em> to the maximum.</p>

      <p>This was Lucy’s birthplace. She knew the Great Forest and Wayward Woods well. She also knew how dangerous the Forest of Fiends was and how to hide. Her brothers were around too. If they had stuck together, they surely made it out.</p>

      <p><em>There’s also Sasa and...the prince.</em></p>

      <p>Sasa had survived and thrived in Labyrinthos, and she possessed powerful skills. She was looking after the prince, so everyone should be fine...</p>

      <p><em>Should</em> be fine.</p>

      <p>Okay, everything was fine. I was calm.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto of Roses. This was unavoidable, so let us return—”</p>

      <p>“Let’s head for the Demon Lord’s Grave,” I interrupted.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Janet demanded. “You realize that there are only two of us here...?”</p>

      <p>“Maximilian said ‘scatter,’ not ‘retreat.’” Everyone should still be in the Forest of Fiends. Well...just as long as I hadn’t misheard his order.</p>

      <p>“It will be hours before reinforcements arrive!” argued Janet. “What good will it do if we progress alone?!”</p>

      <p>“Lucy’s probably headed that way,” I said. I knew she had a tendency to rush headlong at things when she got fired up, so she would keep on going out of worry for her mother. “Prince Leonardo also has a strong sense of responsibility. He won’t be willing to escape on his own.”</p>

      <p>“I can understand that. Still, won’t your comrade Aya Sasaki suggest a retreat?”</p>

      <p>“Nah...I kinda doubt that.”</p>

      <p>Sasa would know what I’d do. We’d known each other for a long time, so she was pretty familiar with how I usually thought. So...if I ran, it would defy my usual behavior pattern and we wouldn’t be able to meet up.</p>

      <p>“I know I’m being a bit selfish,” I said, “so I don’t mind if you head back.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t mock me! I would never leave you and run off on my own. I was tasked by Princess Sophia with the protection of the heroes of Roses.”</p>

      <p>Oops. I’d pissed her off. Honestly, though, I was glad to have Janet with me. The long-range <em>Scout</em> and her spear skills were really reassuring.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, then. I’ll use <em>Stealth</em>, so keep hold of me.”</p>

      <p>“I thought you were a more careful man, but you jump into danger just like my brother,” I heard her murmur in quiet dissatisfaction.</p>

      <p><em>Heh, Gerry, you got told off by your sister.</em></p>

      <p>Then, the pair of goddesses spoke up—they’d recently<em> </em>made a habit of mentally commentating on my life.</p>

      <p><em>You’re the same as Gerald,</em> I heard Noah say.</p>

      <p><em>Good luck, Makoooo,</em> Eir added.</p>

      <p>So, with that, Janet and I made our way slowly through the mist.</p>

      <p>“Setekh regaining his <em>Eyes of Petrification</em> makes things much harder for us,” Janet said through clenched teeth.</p>

      <p>“The people he turned to stone...will they be all right?” Some of them were Lucy’s brothers... Could they be restored? Perhaps with some item or spell...?</p>

      <p>“Florna should be able to break the curse,” Janet replied.</p>

      <p>“The priestess...”</p>

      <p>Furiae’s face passed through my mind. Curses were her specialty. Had it been the wrong call for her to stay back? No—we needed her to be safe after the battle to restore the petrified people. It’d been good judgment. It must have been.</p>

      <p>We carried further on in silence.</p>

      <p><em>Hmmm, it’s really quiet.</em></p>

      <p>“Are your knights okay?” I asked. The Pegasus Knights had split—half of them in the village, the other half with us. Though now, our faction was completely broken.</p>

      <p>“There will be no issues. The North Cardinal Knights are prepared to lay down their lives to defeat the demon lord.”</p>

      <p>I let out a stuttering sigh and a flat word of acknowledgment. That wasn’t what I’d meant. She was certainly a serious woman. In some ways, she reminded me of Princess Sophia.</p>

      <p>“What bothers me is the demons lying in ambush,” she continued. “They seemed to know we were coming. Perhaps someone in Springrogue is feeding them information... What say you, Hero of Roses?”</p>

      <p>A spy...was definitely something that would hinder us. It didn’t quite ring true, though.</p>

      <p>“If it was a trap, he let us go pretty easily.” Even Maximillian had been there. Setekh should have been able to pursue us more vigorously to make sure he caught us.</p>

      <p>“The minds of demons are confusing at best— Wait, Hero Makoto, stop.” Her <em>Scout</em> must have caught something. “There is a group of monsters ahead.”</p>

      <p>“I haven’t picked up any— No, you’re right, there they are. A lot of them... They’re probably from Zagan’s subordinate...”</p>

      <p>Which meant that the general—Jvāla of the Ten Fangs—would be there as well. <em>Stealth</em> didn’t work on high-rank demons, and there were thousands of monsters ahead. They were likely all ancient and all from the demon continent.</p>

      <p><em>Right...going any farther is going to be difficult.</em></p>

      <p>There were only two of us—an ultra rank knight and a mage apprentice.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto...I cannot agree to charging them.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t act like I’d tell you to commit suicide!” I griped. “We’re not fighting.”</p>

      <p>What <em>were</em> we doing, though?</p>

      <p><em>First things first—information gathering. </em></p>

      <p>I activated <em>Listen</em>.</p>

      <p>The monsters were noisy, but I needed to find out whether there was anything intelligible among them. Apparently, demons tended to enjoy intelligent conversation more as they gained higher ranks.</p>

      <p>“Sir Setekh, my thanks for driving away those heroes.”</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, the witch was not present.”</p>

      <p>“The rite for Sir Bifrons’s resurrection has safely been completed. However, I am impressed that <em>Darkness Magic</em> was usable, even during the day. The developments in magic over the past thousand years have been vast indeed.”</p>

      <p>One of the voices was familiar... Setekh’s. However, there was something more important than his presence.</p>

      <p>“Janet,” I whispered. “The resurrection has already happened.”</p>

      <p>“I-Impossible! The sun should make that...”</p>

      <p>The chief had said the same thing—he had been convinced the resurrection would take place during the night when demons were stronger.</p>

      <p>“The ceremony will require some time until it can activate. Please guard the area until then, Sir Jvāla, Sir Setekh.”</p>

      <p>“I pity any fool that challenges my army. Crimson Witch or not.”</p>

      <p>This was the first time the voice from yesterday—Jvāla—had joined the conversation. And the first speaker...was probably Isaac, the archbishop of the Snake Sect.</p>

      <p>“To think that you can use fate magic to see the future, Lord Isaac. Such power you possess.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all, Sir Setekh. I am nothing before our great leader.” The man laughed.</p>

      <p><em>Ha ha, I see.</em> These three were reeeal chatty.</p>

      <p>“At this rate, the demon lord will probably be back before night falls,” I whispered to Janet.</p>

      <p>“Inconceivable...”</p>

      <p>“Also, the ambush was because the archbishop—Isaac—can see the future,” I concluded.</p>

      <p>The same as Furiae.</p>

      <p>“So we don’t have a traitor...”</p>

      <p>“Well, we might. The sect really likes scheming.”</p>

      <p>“What do we do now?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmmm.” That was definitely the question.</p>

      <p>The Demon Lord’s Grave was covered in high-rank demons and groups of monsters. Lucy and Sasa wouldn’t be here. And if those two weren’t here, then there was no reason for me to stick around either.</p>

      <p>“Let’s head back and meet up with the people from Springrogue.”</p>

      <p>If the worst came to pass, maybe it’d be best to summon Sakurai from Highland to deal with the resurrected demon lord. Actually, maybe Gerry would happily come marching over.</p>

      <p>As I was considering this, something whipped over my head. Janet and I stiffened, but whatever it was plunged into the crowd of monsters. There was a low thud that shook the ground when it hit.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, an explosion—a pillar of flames rocketed up. Not just one either, but many.</p>

      <p>When I could finally comprehend what was happening, I saw countless balls of fire raining down.</p>

      <p><em>Is that Lucy’s Meteo Rain? No...she can’t cast that many times...</em></p>

      <p>“Rosalie! So you have arrived!”</p>

      <p>“You sully our sacred lands with your presence, mage.”</p>

      <p>“A champion of the heroes. Then we shall meet you in battle.”</p>

      <p>Rosalie had apparently started an attack, and the demons were responding. Maybe she’d been listening to their conversation, just as we had. Each time a massive fireball landed, it engulfed part of the ground in flame. I couldn’t see anyone casting them either, so she must have been a fair distance away.</p>

      <p>While that was happening, the incessant pillars of fire were setting trees alight. In response to the flames, monsters started acting out in shock. Though, being beasts in the demon lord’s army, they didn’t just scatter like normal animals would.</p>

      <p>The smoke from the trees had already reached us, and the flames were spreading fast.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto! The fire will get us if we stay here!”</p>

      <p>“Right...let’s fall back.”</p>

      <p>Getting caught up in Rosalie’s spell would be no laughing matter.</p>

      <p>“Crafty, waiting for us to attack and then turning it back on us.” A fell wind whipped up, accompanied by a whirlpool of incredible mana. That had probably come from Jvāla. His mana was even stronger than Sciulli’s. Was Rosalie going to be all right?</p>

      <p>“Lord Jvāla, if I may offer assista— Oh, what is this?”</p>

      <p>An intense light filled the area just as Setekh spoke. Scorching heat followed immediately.</p>

      <p><em>Sunlight...? No, something else.</em></p>

      <p>In the harshness of the light, the mist faded.</p>

      <p>“H-Hero Makoto?!” Janet yelped.</p>

      <p>“Damn, we need to get out of here.”</p>

      <p>Once the fog had parted, the sky was visible. However, it was red. The area above the Forest of Fiends was covered in burning crimson light. And the source? Giants, made entirely of fire.</p>

      <p>Those giants surrounded us. In Highland, my single water giant had engulfed five thousand monsters. I would bet money on each one of these being a king rank spell—after all, the water giant had been a king rank, and I’d only managed to conjure it when <em>Synchro</em>’d with Undyne.</p>

      <p>Above us, there were now several of these massive giants.</p>

      <p><em>No way... No way in hell...</em></p>

      <p>A low rank fireball was one thing, but each king rank fire giant required ridiculous levels of mana. And around us, I could feel enough mana for hundreds of them. Could a human even control that much mana?</p>

      <p><em>She probably borrowed it from the elementals. It must have taken a fair bit of time to collect it all... Still, surrounding the forest with spells of that level...</em></p>

      <p>It really brought home the gulf in power between Rosalie and me.</p>

      <p>I suddenly snapped back to focus. <em>This isn’t a situation where I should be spacing out. </em></p>

      <p>“Let’s get going,” I said.</p>

      <p>“We’re surrounded! We’ll never make it!” Janet cried out. “<em>Thunder Lance!</em>” She used a spear technique to blast a hole in the earth—it was just big enough for two people to fit inside.</p>

      <p>“Go!” she yelled, pulling me by the hand into the pit. It was a tight squeeze, but if I wrapped my arms around her, the both of us could barely fit.</p>

      <p><em>Fire Magic: March of the Fire Giants.</em></p>

      <p>Rosalie’s voice reached my ears via <em>Listen</em>.</p>

      <p>An instant later, all I could hear was roaring.</p>

      <p>The ground shook, and the wind was rushing past from the sheer heat of the attack. If we’d been above ground...things wouldn’t have ended well. The eardrum-rattling roar of noise and superheated air missed us, surging above the hole.</p>

      <p><em>Lucy and Sasa weren’t nearby, right? </em>I’d rather believe that Rosalie wouldn’t have caught her daughter in friendly fire.</p>

      <p>“What kind of spell was that...?” Janet’s breath ghosted over my cheek as she spoke.</p>

      <p>“We should probably stay put for a bit,” I said.</p>

      <p>“You are...rather close. Then again, there isn’t much choice.”</p>

      <p>Her face reddened as she cast a sideways look my way. <em>Calm Mind</em>, do your thing. We were in the same position. I used <em>Listen</em> to distract myself and figure out what was going on outside.</p>

      <p>There were explosions and cries from monsters, along with the sounds of something crumbling.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, no point...</em></p>

      <p>That was when I noticed one of the fire giants looking toward us.</p>

      <p>Janet and I yelped.</p>

      <p>Silence simmered between the three of us for a good ten seconds. The intimidation and heat made it hard to breathe. Still, the giant didn’t seem to be directing malice toward us.</p>

      <p><em>Can it tell friend from foe?</em> I wondered.</p>

      <p>Then, the giant left.</p>

      <p><em>Ph-Phew. We didn’t get mistaken for monsters...</em></p>

      <p>Explosions continued outside for a while.</p>

      <p>“Her spell seems to be able to distinguish between monsters and people, so Lucy and Sasa wouldn’t have gotten caught in the attack. I can certainly see why she’s the number one mage on the continent.”</p>

      <p>As I spoke, I looked over at Janet. She was just mutely opening and closing her mouth.</p>

      <p><em>Is she hyperventilating?</em></p>

      <p>“Janet?” I asked, lightly slapping her cheek.</p>

      <p>She started. “I’m fine... Please stop hitting me.” She let out a deep sigh. “I truly thought I was about to die.” Her eyes looked exhausted.</p>

      <p>“That spell was incredible. It’s really hot, though.” I tried to use my hand to fan my face. It didn’t do much of anything.</p>

      <p>“How are you so calm?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“I’m freaking out internally.”</p>

      <p>“You certainly don’t look it...”</p>

      <p>We kept chatting like that until we heard the magic ease off.</p>

      <p>“It’s gotten quiet,” I observed. “I’m gonna check it out.”</p>

      <p>“Be careful.”</p>

      <p>Gingerly, I poked out of the hole and looked around.</p>

      <p>The Forest of Fiends...was gone.</p>

      <p>Every one of the trees had burned down. There wasn’t a monster to be seen.</p>

      <p><em>That’s ridiculous, but...it doesn’t look to be dangerous anymore.</em></p>

      <p>I stepped out.</p>

      <p>“Wah, that’s hot!” The scorched plot beneath my feet was as hot as hell (literally). The trees had burned to ash. I pulled Janet out as well.</p>

      <p><em>Oof, heavy... </em>(Her armor.) I managed to help her up, and she just gaped at the sight.</p>

      <p>Where the forest had once been, we could see way too far into the distance.</p>

      <p><em>We should get out of here.</em></p>

      <p>As I made that decision, a voice broke the silence. “Fools from Springrogue...? No, it would appear not. That armor makes me think you are from that wretch Abel’s country.”</p>

      <p>Janet and I jolted at the malicious speech. I turned.</p>

      <p>Behind us was a huge, jet-black centaur.</p>

      <p><em>Crap, Jvāla. He survived her magic?!</em></p>

      <p>“My army, entrusted to me by Lord Zagan... What a sight.”</p>

      <p>Right—his monsters had all been destroyed. Rosalie was the one who’d done it, though. It didn’t seem to matter to him.</p>

      <p>“I will crush you, scum.”</p>

      <p>His massive hooves came down on us.</p>

      <p><em>Dodge! </em></p>

      <p>I grabbed Janet’s shoulder and used my skill to dodge. The place where we’d been standing moments ago was now home to a crater.</p>

      <p>Then, there was a gust of wind, blasting ash all around us.</p>

      <p>I yelped mentally. We were done for if that hit us.</p>

      <p>“<em>Thunder Lance!</em>”</p>

      <p>Janet’s spear bolted toward him, but he punched it negligently away.</p>

      <p>“Worthless!”</p>

      <p>Each time Jvāla kicked his back legs, the ground shook like an earthquake. His black body was covered in miasma of the same color, as well as vast amounts of mana. This creature was one of the right-hand demons to the rulers of the northern continent.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, there’s no fighting this.</em></p>

      <p>I looked around. Water elementals had practically deserted the scorched plains that Rosalie had left behind.</p>

      <p>My last hope was dashed. Which meant...</p>

      <p>“Janet, use your most flashy spell.”</p>

      <p>“Eh? U-Uh...but that won’t—”</p>

      <p>“Just do it!”</p>

      <p>“V-Very well. <em>Sun Magic: Thunderbolt!</em>”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>