<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“What?” I asked in confusion. My head was currently in Furiae’s lap, and she was smacking me...which must have looked like I was having a fling with another girl right in front of my fiancée.</p>

      <p>Unlike me, Furiae was as quick as lightning. The moment she saw the princess, she said, “I’ll leave you two be,” and then bolted, just like a cat.</p>

      <p>And thus, Princess Sophia and I were left alone.</p>

      <p>“You seem awfully close with that priestess,” she said.</p>

      <p>“Uh, well...I guess?” What was going on? Her expression was the same as ever, but there was a chill running down my spine as a cold sweat gathered on my forehead.</p>

      <p>“That reminds me—apparently, the third daughter of the Ballantine family wishes to wed Hero Makoto of Roses,” she intoned, her voice sterile. “How strange. I was under the impression that she rather disliked you.”</p>

      <p>“Wah?” The <em>third </em>daughter? <em>Janet? </em>“Oh, right. I actually haven’t seen Janet...” In fact, <em>none</em> of the Pegasus Knights seemed to be around anymore.</p>

      <p>“She has returned to Highland to report on the near revival of a demon lord in Springrogue.”</p>

      <p>“Haaahh...I see.” There definitely was a lot to report concerning the Snake Sect and Zagan’s indirect involvement. Still, she must’ve really raced off. She could have at least said goodbye...</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto, I have a message from Janet Ballantine for you,” the princess told me.</p>

      <p>“A message?” Oh, so she <em>did</em> say goodbye.</p>

      <p>“The...woman...had the gall to leave word that she would train to fight alongside you during the Northern Front Plan. She also said that the next time you meet...she’d like to have a meal alone with you.”</p>

      <p>Sophia’s anger was palpable when reciting the latter half of that message. If I remembered correctly, the Ballantine family was on about the same class level as the royal families of some countries...including Roses.</p>

      <p>“I’ve taken my eyes off my fiancé for such a short period...and girls are falling over themselves for you.”</p>

      <p>“Um...that’s not true,” I protested awkwardly. She placed her hand on my cheek, and it was terrifyingly cold. Was it due to her ice magic? We just looked at each other for a while.</p>

      <p>But then, her expression smoothed out, and her hand warmed on my skin. “Well, no matter. At least you are safe. I was shocked to learn that you had been petrified...” She paused for a moment, and her tone turned more sympathetic. “Well done. Your only duty in Springrogue was to bring my regards to the hero and priestess of this country, and yet, you defeated a demon lord...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” I said. “A lot happened... A lot more than I expected.”</p>

      <p>Suddenly a large person lumbered through the door. “Oh! Hero Makoto! You’re awake. I’m glad you’re safe!” Maximilian’s voice was as loud in the quiet room.</p>

      <p>“Glad you’re safe too,” I replied. The last time I’d seen him was after he’d turned to stone. He’d apparently been freed safely.</p>

      <p>“That was truly embarrassing... I spent the period of greatest peril as nothing but a statue,” he complained, clenching a fist in shame. “Once you’re recovered, I’d love to train with you! I’d love to test myself against someone of your stature!”</p>

      <p>I let out a confused noise as I looked at the dragonoid’s towering figure. With my stats, he’d send me flying with a flick.</p>

      <p>Maximilian didn’t say anything more, just wandered off with a merry laugh.</p>

      <p>“You appear to have made ties with the hero of Springrogue as well,” Princess Sophia remarked seriously.</p>

      <p>“Well, we fought together against the demon lord.”</p>

      <p><em>Right, the whole point was to meet him. I’d forgotten. Well! Mission accomplished.</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, you’re awake!” exclaimed an elf woman. She rushed into the room and suddenly grabbed my hand. “Lucy was worried. You’ve been sleeping for the past week!”</p>

      <p>Right, this was Freya’s priestess...I think. Her name was...</p>

      <p>“Sorry for worrying you, Florna.”</p>

      <p>“Thank goodness...my pitiful curse breaking was no help at all. That Fuuri you brought along was incredible.”</p>

      <p>“Well...yeah...” After all, Furiae was an <em>expert</em>.</p>

      <p>Also, Florna was holding my hand tightly...and Sophia’s expression was getting scary.</p>

      <p>“I’ll go call Lucy and Aya. They were both worried as well.” Florna turned to leave, giving the princess a casual wave. “Farewell, Lady Sophia.”</p>

      <p>There was silence for a moment in her wake, and then, almost inaudibly, Princess Sophia muttered, “Womanizer...”</p>

      <p>“Just so you know, she’s engaged and is Lucy’s sister-in-law,” I pointed out.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, that wasn’t the problem. I guess Sophia wasn’t going to be in a good mood for a while. As a State-Authorized Hero, it would probably serve me well to make sure my boss was happy.</p>

      <p>I was thinking about what to say when a blonde elf appeared—literally out of thin air—and wrapped her arms around me.</p>

      <p>“Yay! Mr. Boyfriend!”</p>

      <p>“Wah?!” I managed to blurt before getting my bearings a bit. “R-Rosalie?!”</p>

      <p>“The Crimson Witch?”</p>

      <p>My statement prompted a surprised question from the princess. Had Sophia not met Rosalie yet?</p>

      <p>“Ah, it’s none other than the hero of the hour who triumphed against the demon lord! You’re finally awake!” Rosalie cheered. “Hm? Who’s this prickly-looking beauty next to you? Is this an affair? I can’t approve of that.”</p>

      <p>“Morning, Rosalie,” I said, finally greeting the teleporting woman properly. “Are you OK? Setekh’s curse was lifted?” Last time I saw her, one of her arms had been petrified.</p>

      <p>Rosalie broke down into guffaws. “No worries, no worries! I forced it off.”</p>

      <p>“You healed it by yourself?!” Seriously, what was this woman?</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia, on the other hand, couldn’t get a full sentence out through her panic. “U-Umm, I-I am—”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, you go for noble-looking girls like this? Lucy’s more down to earth like me. She’ll be just as wild in bed, though.”</p>

      <p>“Can you get your mind out of the gutter until I’ve woken up at least?” I griped. <em>Also, that’s your </em>daughter<em> you’re talking about.</em></p>

      <p>She laughed again. “So, what gets you going? These girls all look diligent, but you know what they say: it’s always the quiet ones.”</p>

      <p>“What?!” the princess demanded angrily.</p>

      <p>Man, this was going to end up as a diplomatic incident...</p>

      <p>“This is Princess Sophia of Roses,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Guh?!” Rosalie suddenly put both hands in the air and jolted away from me. “Awawawa! Royalty?! Seriously?! Am I gonna end up on the chopping block?!”</p>

      <p>“Sophia, you planning on executing her?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“H-How could I?! She’s a hero of Springrogue!”</p>

      <p>“There you go,” I told Rosalie.</p>

      <p>“For real? Well, I’ll stop third-wheeling then. Make sure you show me that dagger some time—I want to see the Godslayer!”</p>

      <p>And just like that, once Rosalie had finished her sentence, she teleported away.</p>

      <p>Sophia and I fell silent.</p>

      <p>That woman really was like a storm...</p>

      <p>I glanced over at the princess to find her staring fixedly at me.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“You... You really built relationships with the movers and shakers in this country... My previous messengers didn’t manage anything...” Her expression darkened considerably.</p>

      <p>“Ah, well, they’re all involved with Lucy,” I explained. Heroes and priestesses sounded like lofty titles...but the ones in Springrogue were Lucy’s classmate, sister-in-law, and mother. Honestly, bringing Lucy along had been a cheat code.</p>

      <p>Sophia let out a sigh before looking back at me. “Hero Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“You have been summoned by the king of Highland.”</p>

      <p>“What?” Highland <em>again</em>? I’d only just left the place.</p>

      <p>“Why do you look so confused? You <em>did</em> defeat the demon lord, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Uh... Yes, I did.” Well, kinda. I’d had a conversation with the demon in question when he could already feel himself fading away... I guess that counted. The Bifrons I’d beaten had already been weakened by Rosalie beforehand, and had mostly been defeated through Eir’s technique anyway.</p>

      <p>What had I actually done?</p>

      <p>“Rosalie was the one to pull the most weight,” I asserted.</p>

      <p>“Was she? By her words, you were the most helpful, and all the credit should go to you...at least, that’s what the village chief told me.”</p>

      <p>I fell silent.</p>

      <p><em>Rosalie! You’re just foisting off the annoying crap onto me! Where’d she go? I’m going to give her a piece of my mind!</em></p>

      <p>“However,” Sophia continued, “Princess Noel has sent a secret messenger. She says that it would be best for you not to come.”</p>

      <p>“What does that mean?” I asked, confused. The king was her father, so why would she try to stop his summons?</p>

      <p>“It’s simple,” the princess offered dully. “The Highland nobility has certainly been working on the royal family. They wish to greet a hero capable of defeating a demon lord...and to join that hero to their own families. I wager that if you go to Highland, you won’t be able to leave again. You’ll have your pick of the nobility as wives and concubines. Good for you.”</p>

      <p>Wait, seriously? Was I being put on the same route as Sakurai? With twenty wives?</p>

      <p>“What will you do?” she asked with upturned eyes.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, an <em>RPG Player</em> choice flashed in my mind.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you take the harem end in Highland?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><b>▶No</b></code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Phrasing! My skill was bullying me!</p>

      <p>“I’m not going to Highland,” I told her. That made her eyes widen in surprise.</p>

      <p>“If you marry into the Highland royal or noble families...your life will be made,” Sophia pointed out. “They aren’t a weak country like Roses. They’re the strongest on the continent.”</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, but still...</em></p>

      <p>I remembered the discussion with Noah and Eir. Our chances of winning this war were perilously low.</p>

      <p><em>This ain’t the time to be playing around with the nobility. I have to train.</em></p>

      <p>“I’ll deal with all that stuff after we defeat Iblis,” I declared. “We need to make Roses stronger first. According to Eir, we need another ten heroes.”</p>

      <p>“What?!” Sophia exclaimed. “We can’t get heroes that easily! Also...according to Eir? What are you—”</p>

      <p>The sudden change in topic had made the princess lose her composure entirely.</p>

      <p>“We need to consider strategies for if we lose,” I continued. “We should also make sure the forts are maintained as refuges.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, prepare for losing? The goddesses would be shocked to hear that!”</p>

      <p>As a matter of fact...I’d heard about our potential loss from a goddess. How much was Eir keeping from her priestess? Was it because the truth would unnerve Sophia?</p>

      <p>Also, does Sakurai know about this future? He had a blessing from Althena, the daughter of the pantheon head. He should be fine even against Iblis, I’d thought. However, the conversation with Eir had made me much more nervous.</p>

      <p>“Sophia, I need to ask you to pass something along to Princess Noelle.”</p>

      <p>“Just...wait a moment,” she said, sounding utterly bewildered. “I haven’t been following this conversation...”</p>

      <p>But then, our discussion was derailed by Lucy and Sasa calling my name. They both leaped into the room and wrapped their arms around me. The force of their affection sent me flying back down onto the bed.</p>

      <p>“Are you okay now?” Lucy said through teary eyes. “The curse wouldn’t dissipate, even after all that time...”</p>

      <p>“I was so worried,” Sasa murmured through her own tears. Neither of them showed any sign of backing off. Their hands were shaking.</p>

      <p>Well...I was petrified for a whole week.<em> </em>It was hardly a surprise that they’d been fretting.</p>

      <p>“Sorry I made you both worry,” I apologized.</p>

      <p>“We’re just glad you’re okay,” Sasa said. “Right, Lu?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah, that’s right. Can you move now?”</p>

      <p>“Mhm, though my body still feels heavy.” I thought that I should be able to walk at least. However, the next thing they had to say was way beyond what I expected...</p>

      <p>“See! Go on, Lu! Go for it!” Sasa cheered.</p>

      <p>“What?! I’m the one saying it?” Lucy complained. “Urgh... All right, Makoto. Heroing is a pretty dangerous job, right? And you don’t know when you might die...? And, uh...considering what happened this time, uh...” she was fidgeting as she spoke, and eventually, she moved next to my ear to whisper the last sentence. “S-So can we act more like lovers?”</p>

      <p>A shudder ran down my back, and I felt my body temperature shoot up.</p>

      <p>“You’re bright red, Takatsuki,” Sasa remarked.</p>

      <p>“S-Sasa?”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, her face was right next to mine. <em>Wait, wait! Something’s strange here.</em> It was happening so fast...</p>

      <p>There must have been someone pulling the strings.</p>

      <p>I looked around, activated my <em>Listen</em> skill, and then I heard Rosalie’s voice urging them on. Seriously?! What was with her?</p>

      <p>“Womanizer,” Sophia muttered once again.</p>

      <p><em>What?! Crap! The princess is still right next to me!</em></p>

      <p>“You shouldn’t worry your companions so much,” Sophia said with a slightly sulky look. Her voice sounded like she was chiding a child.</p>

      <p>She...wasn’t angry?</p>

      <p>“Hey, <em>you</em> didn’t leave his side for the past three days,” Sasa pointed out.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, the princess had knights stationed around the clock until he woke up,” Lucy said.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey!” Sophia sputtered. “You said you wouldn’t tell him!”</p>

      <p>“‘Alas, if only I could have been with you, Hero Makoto...’” Sasa quoted.</p>

      <p>Was that supposed to be an imitation of the princess?</p>

      <p>“S-Stop that at once!” Sophia demanded, grabbing Sasa’s shoulder and shaking her.</p>

      <p>At her touch, Sasa yelped and started to shiver.</p>

      <p>“Princess! Your ice magic!” Lucy exclaimed, panicking. Lamiae couldn’t deal with low temperatures at all, and apparently, Princess Sophia was being a bit lax with her mana.</p>

      <p>I watched the three girls giggling for a while, and then Furiae returned with Twi on her shoulder.</p>

      <p>“What’re you all doing?” she asked. Maybe she’d heard the commotion and felt left out.</p>

      <p><em>Phew, everyone’s safe. </em></p>

      <p>It had been really hard, but we’d all overcome the danger. I leaned back, still groggy, and closed my eyes. <em>Another nap sounds perfect,</em> I decided, letting my friends’ voices lull me to sleep.</p>

      <p>And thus, my adventure in Springrogue came to an end.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>