<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1"><div class="main">
      <p>Her big blue eyes reminded me of Lucy, though her hair shone gold in the moonlight. She had an aura of refinement that would make you assume she was nobility if she were human. If Lucy were a bit older and calmer, would she look the same?</p>

      <p>This woman hadn’t been at the party.</p>

      <p>“I’m Makoto Takatsuki. I’m an adventurer who’s in a party with Lucy.”</p>

      <p>“Oh my! When’d Lucy get a man?” She grinned, sensing some gossip. “How about we talk for a bit? You’re an interesting one.” As she spoke, she started tugging me along by the hand.</p>

      <p><em>Sh-She’s strong.</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, my feet lifted from the ground.</p>

      <p><em>Flight magic?</em></p>

      <p>It was a relatively popular mid-rank spell, so there was no shortage of users. Yet, this mage made the floating feel natural, more than any other time I’d experienced it. That was another impressive thing about her. Before I knew it, we’d arrived at the top of the massive tree in the middle of the village. There was a thick branch just big enough for the two of us to sit on.</p>

      <p>“This spot has the best scenery in the village,” she explained.</p>

      <p>“It lets you look out over the forest, yeah.”</p>

      <p>The Great Forest was lit by the moon overhead. The trees might’ve been reacting to the mana from the moon since they were also faintly glowing. There was, however, a conspicuously dark spot within the sea of treetops. <em>Is that the Forest of Fiends?</em></p>

      <p>“You’re interested in the Forest of Fiends?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes, we came to investigate it—”</p>

      <p>She cut me off. “Hmm, <em>I’m</em> more interested in how far you and Lucy have gone.” Still holding onto my hand, she used her other hand to ruffle my hair. She was really touchy-feely. Sasa was the same, but this woman certainly was more used to it.</p>

      <p>“Well, we’ve gone together into Labyrinthos and the Great Forest,” I said.</p>

      <p>“That’s not what I meant by ‘how far...’” She chuckled, still not letting go of me. “You’re...Makoto, right? There’s something strange about you. You have practically no mana of your own, but the elementals love you.”</p>

      <p>“You can see them?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Of course. I can see water, wind, ground...but of course, fire elementals are the ones I like the most.”</p>

      <p><em>W-Wow! She’s mastered four elements.</em></p>

      <p>I’d been speaking with Lucy’s family earlier, but none of them could see the elementals.</p>

      <p>“Which means you can see them as well?” she asked, suddenly edging closer. I could feel her breath on my cheek.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes... Though, only water elementals...” Well, strictly speaking, I could see the fire elementals when I kissed Lucy, but I kept that quiet.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... What a strange human you are, to be so close to the elementals. You certainly are an interesting one.” As she spoke, she planted herself in my lap. She must have been using magic, because I couldn’t feel any weight at all.</p>

      <p>“Um, what are you doing?”</p>

      <p>“Stay still a moment.”</p>

      <p>She was leaning in closer to my face when the silence was broken by someone calling my name from the trees below.</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Where’d you go?”</p>

      <p>“I can smell him around here...”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa must have come to search for me. Did Sasa really have a sense of smell on par with a dog?</p>

      <p>“Sorry, I should be heading...huh?”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, the woman was gone. She’d vanished so completely that I almost thought I’d hallucinated her.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell...? </em>Maybe I’d been daydreaming? Not entirely with it, I made my way down from the tree.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you two,” I greeted.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki! Hm...were you with someone?”</p>

      <p>“I can smell a new perfume on you,” Lucy said.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>The two of them leaned in close to me, then proceeded to stare.</p>

      <p>“N-No! I was just looking at the moon.”</p>

      <p>“Lies.”</p>

      <p>“P-Princess?”</p>

      <p>Furiae had shown up as well.</p>

      <p>“You’re lying, my knight! You were with some woman!”</p>

      <p>And so the lie was seen through instantly. Fate magic must have let her know that I’d been talking with someone. In the end, I explained about the elf woman, but when we got back to the party, she wasn’t there.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“I think it might have been mama,” Lucy told me the next day.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>We’d been put up in Lucy’s old home and Lucy’s sister was making breakfast.</p>

      <p>“She had blonde hair and blue eyes, and looked like me, right? Plus, she was good at magic?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” I replied. “She kind of had the same air as you. Also, she had crazy control of her mana.” She had certainly looked like an older sister of Lucy’s.</p>

      <p>“Lucy looks the most like her,” the sister interjected, still cooking.</p>

      <p>“Damn you, Rosalie. If you’re back, you could at least show yourself.” I heard the chief complain quietly.</p>

      <p><em>That was Lucy’s mom?</em> I should have spoken with her for longer.</p>

      <p>Springrogue’s strongest fighter was Rosalie J. Walker, also known as the Crimson Witch. She was one of three mages to be considered the strongest on the continent—alongside the White Grandsage and Oz the Northern Miracleworker—and was currently the most powerful mage in Springrogue.</p>

      <p>Her fame had been cemented a century ago in the great human-demon war. One of the four demon lords that had ruled the Demon Continent at the time was Valac, King of the Flies. A hundred years ago, he had commanded a force to attack the western continent, and the six heroes of the goddesses had met him in battle.</p>

      <p>At the time, Rosalie had been a companion of the hero of Springrogue. The war between the demons and the human-demihuman alliance had been long and drawn out—the demon armies had seemed endless, and the defenders had been gradually dwindling.</p>

      <p>Valac had sent his forces forward and stayed on the continent himself. The Grandsage had somehow kept these forces held back, but without reinforcements, they’d lose the war of attrition sooner or later. Rosalie had feared that outcome, so she’d led a counterattack alongside the Hero of Highland. Why Highland rather than Springrogue? Well, the Hero of Springrogue had already been wounded in battle and had withdrawn from the front lines.</p>

      <p>The Crimson Witch had specialized in ultra-long-distance teleportation, and she could take two people in total—including herself. Therefore, she’d taken the strongest fighter (Highland’s hero) and together, they’d managed to strike the demon lord down.</p>

      <p>Having proven herself a hero, she’d married the Hero of Highland and they’d all lived happily ever after.</p>

      <p>It’d been a picture-perfect fairytale ending. However, the Crimson Witch hadn’t been able to function under the strict class divides in Highland, and the marriage had broken down within five years. Apparently, she’d then returned to Springrogue before starting to travel the world, sticking her nose into anything that seemed interesting.</p>

      <p>Her specialization now was elemental magic. None could match her with fire and wind elementals—she would use them to create massive giants of fire and leave only ashes in her wake. Because of that, she had gradually become known and feared as the Crimson Witch.</p>

      <p>That was the tale of Rosalie the Crimson Witch, as told by Lucy over breakfast.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Hey, Aya, Fuuri, I’ll introduce you to my friends around the village!” Lucy exclaimed after we finished eating.</p>

      <p>“Sure.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t have anything else to do.”</p>

      <p>So, the three girls headed out into the village. Lucy hadn’t been home in a while, so I figured we should let her do her own thing.</p>

      <p>I’d wanted to talk to the Priestess of Wood some more but couldn’t find her. Maybe she was working. The Hero of Springrogue was training, so I couldn’t talk with them either.</p>

      <p><em>Guess I have some free time.</em> <em>Maybe I could check out the Wayward Woods?</em></p>

      <p>I’d been to that dungeon with Lucy once before. Unlike the Forest of Fiends, it was suitable for iron rank adventurers, just as long as you didn’t lose your way.</p>

      <p><em>I should be fine on my own.</em></p>

      <p>As I was leaving, Prince Leonardo came up to me. “Where are you going, Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“I want to take a look around the Wayward Woods.”</p>

      <p>“You’re going to a dungeon alone?” he asked worriedly. “Isn’t that dangerous?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll run away if it looks dicey. It’ll be fine.”</p>

      <p>“Well then...I’ll come too!”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, he’s gonna give me some backup?</em></p>

      <p>“Wait,” Janet interrupted. “If Prince Leonardo is going, then so shall I. Princess Sophia entrusted me with her brother’s safety.”</p>

      <p>“She did?” It was the first I’d heard of it. I’d thought that the Pegasus Knights would be heading back since we’d arrived in Canaan.</p>

      <p>“She also asked me to look after you.” Janet’s gaze turned cold as she stared at me. Apparently, my reputation as a womanizing hero had been solidified...even though I was still a virgin.</p>

      <p>“Nrow, nrow,” Twi mewed, jumping up on my shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Weren’t you with Furiae?” I asked, rubbing the cat’s throat and prompting it to purr. Janet stared fixedly at Twi.</p>

      <p>“Want to touch Twi?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I-I do not!” Janet shouted with a glare. She sure <em>looked</em> like she did... Regardless, the three of us (plus one cat) headed for the Wayward Woods.</p>

      <p>The Wayward Woods was a dungeon within the Great Forest. Its main characteristics were being a sea of unchanging trees with shoulder-high weeds. The thick mist kept it gloomy even during midday when the sun was high, and elementals were said to enjoy leading travelers astray. It was, to sum it up, easy to get lost.</p>

      <p>“Yup, we definitely need <em>Mapping</em>,” I said as we walked.</p>

      <p>The guild considered it to be a dangerous dungeon, but less because of the monsters and more because of how easy it was to lose your sense of direction.</p>

      <p>“Your <em>Mapping </em>skill seems well developed,” Janet remarked.</p>

      <p>“The woods are even less pleasant than I thought,” added the prince.</p>

      <p>We kept talking as we traveled through the woods. Fortunately, we hadn’t come across any dangerous monsters so far. After a while, though, we stumbled across something bizarre.</p>

      <p>“What happened here?” Prince Leonardo murmured, sounding frightened.</p>

      <p>“Be careful, Your Highness. There could be dangerous monsters around.” Janet lifted her spear, ready to protect him.</p>

      <p>“They’re corpses...” I mumbled. “Not just animals either—there are monsters too.” The bodies were scattered around the trees. Deer, horned rabbits, and so on. At a glance, it looked like a person had killed them.</p>

      <p><em>Were they...eaten?</em></p>

      <p>The animals all had bite wounds. However, there seemed to be very little blood for the injuries they’d sustained. I didn’t really want to stare, but looking closer, I saw that the bodies were all dried out.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki. You are familiar with this dungeon, correct? What kind of monster did this?” Janet asked.</p>

      <p>“The monsters in the Wayward Woods are the same as in the rest of the forest. I’ve never seen something that would do this.”</p>

      <p>Honestly, this was the first time I’d seen anything like this, anywhere.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...have they been drained of blood?” asked Prince Leonardo.</p>

      <p>“Looks that way.” <em>Drained of blood... So, a vampire? At this time of day? Weren’t the undead active at night?</em></p>

      <p>“Well, we heard during the conference that there <em>are</em> more undead around,” the prince pointed out.</p>

      <p>“The Demon Lord’s Grave... The undead gather around that area, right?” I asked. Lucy’s granddad had mentioned something like that.</p>

      <p>“Bifrons... The Undead King who was sealed over a thousand years ago but still produces miasma...” whispered the prince.</p>

      <p>“The seal hasn’t been broken, has it?” The idea of a sealed grave gave me a bad feeling.</p>

      <p>“That seal was created by Abel the Savior and the Grandsage, so it’ll never break!” Prince Leonardo exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Well, I guess I’d just have to believe in that.</p>

      <p>“You are prone to worry, Makoto Takatsuki,” Janet said. “It would take Shur or Setekh to break the seal, and Abel the Savior defeated both of them. Undead are the worst type of demon, so Highland would never set up paltry measures to counteract them.”</p>

      <p>Janet seemed to find the idea laughable as well. Maybe it was just me fretting too much since I wasn’t from this world...</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p>That was when we heard it.</p>

      <p>It was a strange noise, like a crunching, slurping sound. It reminded me a bit of a carnivore eating its prey. What was that sucking noise, though? I’d never heard anything like it before.</p>

      <p>We all exchanged looks and naturally fell silent, walking as quietly as possible.</p>

      <p>“Should we go back?” I whispered. Escape was always a good option when you found an unknown enemy.</p>

      <p>“No,” Janet argued. “I want to know what made that mound of corpses. We need to at least see it.” There was a certain amount of logic to her reasoning.</p>

      <p>I turned to Prince Leonardo. “Hold on to me tightly so <em>Stealth</em> stays active on you.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right!” The prince was already nervous, and he tightened his grip on my arm.</p>

      <p>“U-Um...I cannot use that skill either,” Janet admitted in embarrassment.</p>

      <p><em>Stealth</em> definitely didn’t fit the image of a Ballantine knight, so I wasn’t exactly surprised.</p>

      <p>“Then you hold on to me too.”</p>

      <p>She gently grabbed the sleeve of my other arm. We carried on, soon drawing close to the source of the sound. There were more and more corpses littered at our feet, and the smell of blood was strong in the air.</p>

      <p>“It’s a feeding frenzy...” Janet murmured. Prince Leonardo had paled even further.</p>

      <p>Our breath had caught in our throats at the sight.</p>

      <p>The forest floor had been dyed bright red, with over a hundred monster corpses lining the area. They had all been bitten, without exception. Standing in the middle of them, munching and slurping, was...a humanoid. We watched it for a while.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the thing turned our way. Its face was eyeless, with just black holes where eyes should have been. Its pale white skin was cracked and pulsing with dark blood. Just looking at it, I knew that this thing was a blight on existence.</p>

      <p>The teeth in its maw were sharp like a shark’s, with rivulets of blood running down them as evidence of its earlier activities.</p>

      <p><em>Is that...a vampire?</em></p>

      <p>It seemed ridiculous to compare that abomination to the Grandsage—the whole thing was blasphemy.</p>

      <p>Beside me, the prince was shaking, and he let out a small whimper. Janet had a sheen of sweat on her forehead. The vampire grinned in our direction, opening its mouth. Janet and I readied our weapons.</p>

      <p>“My apologies, I was focused on my meal. Oh, how embarrassing,” it said, scratching its head with a clear laugh.</p>

      <p><em>H-Huh...?</em></p>

      <p>The shockingly friendly response made me stall.</p>

      <p>“Elves... No, you don’t feel like elves. Oh, you humans are in the forest?” It chuckled once more. “I can’t see you, but then again, I’ve got no eyes!”</p>

      <p>While its tone of voice was cheery, overall, the thing just seemed crazed. Was it an enemy? The other two couldn’t seem to manage a word.</p>

      <p>Since I was calm, I’d have to talk with it.</p>

      <p>“Likewise, we apologize for interrupting your meal,” I said.</p>

      <p>Its face morphed into an expression of surprise. “My, how polite. To think that someone would speak normally with me... I never would have thought so a thousand years ago. My, how times change.”</p>

      <p>“A thousand years ago?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Well, I only just woke up from a long sleep. That’s why I’m so, so hungry. Though honestly, it shames me to eat such base food.”</p>

      <p><em>A thousand year...sleep? Could it be?</em></p>

      <p>“Are you Demon Lord Bifrons?” I asked, a slight quake to my voice.</p>

      <p>It started laughing uproariously. “Me?! The Great Bifrons?! Humans have gotten even more amusing over the last millennium! No, I am merely a nameless demon. It is an honor to be compared to him, human.”</p>

      <p>“Ah.” So he wasn’t a demon lord. Thank goodness. I was still the only one talking—the others were speechless. Twi hissed on my shoulder, fur standing on end.</p>

      <p>Time for a strategic retreat, I think. That was when words appeared in front of me.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you run from Demon Lord Bifrons’s subordinate, Setekh?</code></p>

      <p class="noident"><code><b>▶ Yes</b></code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Come on...seriously?</em></p>

      <p>A demon lord’s subordinate was standing right in front of me. <em>Didn’t Abel the Savior take this guy down?! We need to run!</em></p>

      <p>It hadn’t even taken me a second to make the decision. This wasn’t someone I could fight. Even <em>RPG Player </em>was asking to run.</p>

      <p>“Well then...I’ve got an appointment to keep, so I’ll leave you to it,” I said, maintaining a calm front as I bid the demon farewell.</p>

      <p>“Oh. Is that so, human? I’d hoped to talk for a while longer. A shame.”</p>

      <p>The demon didn’t <em>look</em> particularly torn up about it, and he didn’t stop us. Phew. I tugged at Prince Leonardo’s hand and clapped my other hand on Janet’s shoulder. The two of them stood rooted to the spot, shuddering. <em>Hmm...maybe I should pull them?</em> But Janet’s armor looked pretty heavy, so I probably couldn’t manage it on my own.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, there was a keening howl—a shadow passed over our heads and attacked the vampire.</p>

      <p><em>A Wolf King from the Great Forest? </em>That shadow was indeed the leader of the forest wolves. It must have come for revenge after the demon killed its pack.</p>

      <p>“My, what a bouncy puppy,” the vampire remarked, laughing joyously, heedless of the wolf’s jaws around his throat. Then, fixing his arms around the wolf’s neck, the vampire leaned in and used his own teeth to tear a chunk of flesh from around an artery. The Wolf King scrabbled at the ground as gushing blood showered the area. However, the vampire’s arms held fast, and the wolf breathed its last in the hold. Then, with a grotesque slurping sound, the vampire started draining the wolf of its blood like one might down a sports drink.</p>

      <p><em>The Grandsage </em>definitely<em> has better table manners. </em>If she’d drained me like that, I would’ve been a mummy in a moment.</p>

      <p>The vampire seemed focused on its meal, and I would’ve loved to get away in the middle of it, but...</p>

      <p>“Phew, fresh is definitely best for blood. Monsters of late have been dying all too quickly. I thought this puppy might have lasted a little longer.”</p>

      <p>The drained carcass fell to the floor with a thud.</p>

      <p><em>It’s already done...?</em></p>

      <p>Now that the wolf was out of the way, the vampire’s entire body was stained red. His eyes were still empty hollows, but it seemed like his skin had been slightly rejuvenated. Was he regaining power? While I was thinking over the implications, Setekh the vampire sniffed at the air.</p>

      <p>“Oh my. I may not be able to see you, but it smells like none of your blood is yet tainted.”</p>

      <p>“Tainted blood?” I asked after a pause.</p>

      <p>There were two meanings to that phrase. One implied that there were no demons in a person’s ancestry. The other, when used by a vampire, meant that a person had not yet had any “experience” with the opposite sex.</p>

      <p><em>So essentially, he’s saying we’re all virgins.</em></p>

      <p>I’d really prefer if people stopped prying into my privacy like that!</p>

      <p>The prince was a child, so that went without saying, but I couldn’t help but mentally note that Janet was “untainted” as well. I glanced at her. Considering her current, pallid complexion, it really wasn’t the time to poke fun.</p>

      <p>“Oh! How long has it been since I have drunk fresh human blood?! It must be delicious!”</p>

      <p>Setekh’s hands shot open and his mouth split into a grin. Then, his body split as well—all the markings that had looked like cracks in his skin opened wide, revealing mouths.</p>

      <p><em>He’s covered in mouths?! Gross!</em></p>

      <p>It reminded me of the blight dragon in Labyrinthos. The hundreds of mouths started to cackle, and the various laughs formed a discordant symphony. Hearing the horrendous sound, I decided that I didn’t want to stick around. Quickly, I yanked at the prince and Janet.</p>

      <p>“Ahhhhhhh!” the prince yelled. Suddenly, he leaped at the vampire.</p>

      <p>“P-Prince?!”</p>

      <p>“Prince Leonardo!”</p>

      <p>Janet and I instantly raced after him.</p>

      <p>“<em>Blizzard Blade!</em>”</p>

      <p>His sword closed in.</p>

      <p>“Oh, the food is coming to me,” Setekh remarked. He caught the prince’s blade, holding it back with two fingers. Fangs shone red with blood from the demon’s wide mouth.</p>

      <p><em>I need to protect the prince!</em></p>

      <p>Janet moved first, though.</p>

      <p><em>Thunder Lance! </em>She wrapped herself in aura and rocketed forward.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no way that attack’s dodgeable!</em></p>

      <p>“My, how sparky,” the demon said. He used his other hand to catch Janet’s spear. “This power feels akin to the Hero of Lightning from a thousand years ago. Perhaps you’re related?”</p>

      <p><em>He’s way too strong!</em></p>

      <p>The vampire paused for a moment. “I suppose it is my turn.”</p>

      <p><em>Makoto! Cover your ears!</em></p>

      <p>As soon as I heard Noah, I hurried to do as she instructed.</p>

      <p>Not a moment too soon—a shock wave almost brought me to my knees. It thudded into my stomach as all the birds fled the treetops. Prince Leonardo and Janet collapsed where they were. They still had mana, so they were probably still alive...although...</p>

      <p><em>Shit.</em></p>

      <p>“<em>Elementals,</em>” I called, praying they’d respond.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, the dagger!</em></p>

      <p>I followed Noah’s advice again, unsheathing the dagger and funneling the elementals’ mana into it.</p>

      <p>It began to ring, becoming an ad-hoc mana blade thanks to the elementals. This vampire associate of the demon lord had easily defeated both Prince Leonardo, who was the Hero of Ice and Snow, and Janet, the Hero of Lightning’s sister. Plus, considering what he’d said...</p>

      <p><em>If he’s talking about a hero from a thousand years ago...then he must be old enough to have fought Abel the Savior.</em></p>

      <p>A cold sweat sprang up on my back. My elemental magic was great for wiping out a bunch of small fry at once, but I was out of my depth against a single strong opponent. That was why I avoided one-on-one battles, focusing instead on ambush tactics.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t sure what I should do...so I just set <em>Calm Mind</em> to maximum and kept pumping mana into the blade. However, the vampire did nothing. He just stood there.</p>

      <p>“That elemental mana...” he murmured eventually. “The pressure of that godslaying blade... It cannot be.” His voice had changed, shifting to shock. His lack of eyes made reading any expression on his face pretty difficult. Suddenly, he gave a polite bow. “Allow me to introduce myself. I am Setekh the vampire. I follow the Great Iblis and the Daemon Typhon.”</p>

      <p>I...wasn’t sure how to react. What had brought this on?</p>

      <p>“Could you tell me the name of the god you follow?” he asked. I wasn’t sure how to answer. Noah was usually treated as a wicked deity. Then again, the creature asking <em>was</em> a demon, so...</p>

      <p>“The goddess Noah...” I answered. The shift in his behavior was dramatic.</p>

      <p>“Oh, what fortune! A disciple of one of the old gods that helped us so much! To think, I’d meet a comrade here!”</p>

      <p>“Uh...ummm?” What the hell?</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, humor him. You can’t beat him now.</em></p>

      <p>I let out a mental sigh. “You know her disciples?” I asked him.</p>

      <p>“But of course! He was a true hero! He slaughtered the pretenders to the title, people following the foul Sacred Deities! Simply recalling him sends me all aflutter!”</p>

      <p>My predecessor apparently had rave reviews. Then again, it made sense from a demon’s perspective.</p>

      <p>“So, we will soon start preparing for Lord Bifrons’s resurrection with the archbishop. Would you care to join us?”</p>

      <p>I let out a mental yelp. I’d never expected to be asked that. At least now I knew what the plan was, though.</p>

      <p>“Um, would that archbishop be the cambion Isaac?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, my comrade! I see you are already acquainted!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, well, a bit.” <em>As enemies...</em> Still, it was him again...</p>

      <p>“Cambions were pitiful a thousand years ago, but this one awoke me from my slumber, so they’ve grown much more useful,” Setekh told me happily. This vampire sure liked the sound of his own voice.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, how are...<em>we</em> resurrecting Lord Bifrons?” That was the most important question. Humanity had to stop it.</p>

      <p>The vampire chuckled. “I’d love to tell you, but not even I know the full method. Sir Isaac would be a better person to ask.”</p>

      <p>“I-I see...”</p>

      <p>Damn, he was keeping that information need-to-know. I figured that I shouldn’t stick around, so I decided to end the conversation.</p>

      <p>“Well, I should be leaving with those two about now,” I said, pointing at the two collapsed forms. Upon closer inspection, they were both breathing, and they didn’t <em>look</em> too hurt.</p>

      <p>“Hm, I can pick up the stench of those deities on the pair of them...” the demon spat. “Oh, wait, your dagger possesses the same scent. What is the meaning of this...?”</p>

      <p>Guh, was he on to me? I guess there’s only one way out of this situation—</p>

      <p>“It is all according to Lady Noah’s guidance,” I told him.</p>

      <p>—blame Noah.</p>

      <p><em>Hey!</em></p>

      <p>“I see, I see! Her plans run deep indeed!”</p>

      <p>He was a pretty open vampire. I’d love to keep talking, but him finding me out was scarier than the information was tempting. I’d just ask one more question.</p>

      <p>“One last thing... When will the demon lord be resurrected?”</p>

      <p>“I believe Sir Isaac said the rite would take place on the next full moon.”</p>

      <p>The next full moon...should be in four or five days. If we’d just taken it easy for the next week, the demon lord would already be back. Damn, that was close.</p>

      <p>“I shall continue the hunt to regain my power then,” the vampire told me. “May the old gods bless you.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed...thank you for the information,” I replied.</p>

      <p>At that, Setekh vanished into mist.</p>

      <p>Thanks for the help, Noah.</p>

      <p><em>You were cutting it fine.</em></p>

      <p>I could do without bumping into the demon lord’s subordinates on the roadside! Oh, right! I can’t just space out here.</p>

      <p>“Prince Leonardo! Janet!”</p>

      <p>I rushed over, then used potions on both of them. Slowly, they opened their eyes.</p>

      <p>“Urg...Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“I’m...alive?”</p>

      <p>The two of them got up. <em>Thank goodness... They both seem fine.</em></p>

      <p>“What happened to that demon?!” Janet demanded, grabbing me. “Don’t tell me you killed it?!”</p>

      <p>“He was way beyond me. I managed to get him to leave.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t exactly explain that it was because he was friendly with my predecessor, so I just used Eir’s blessing to handwave past that little detail. That wasn’t the important information, anyway. The moment I finished explaining the demon lord’s revival, the pair paled again.</p>

      <p>“That demon...was Setekh, Bifrons’s subordinate?”</p>

      <p>“The next full moon? This is awful...”</p>

      <p>Man, it was all too much.</p>

      <p>“Why are you so calm?” Janet demanded, peering at me strangely.</p>

      <p>“I’m...not?” I half asked. “I was really nervous until the vampire left.”</p>

      <p>There was a pregnant pause, then she sighed. “You certainly don’t look it.”</p>

      <p>“We should head back to the village,” the prince suggested. “We need to make sure Springrogue knows.”</p>

      <p>“That’s true, and we need to share it with the other countries as well,” Janet said. “If possible, my broth—some other hero could come and help us in the next four days.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s hurry then,” I urged.</p>

      <p>The two nodded and we returned to Canaan without stopping.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Janet and Prince Leonardo were being seen to by a healer while the second emergency meeting in as many days was taking place.</p>

      <p>“Indeed! We need every able fighter! Heroes are a given, but we need fighters from every village!” Lucy’s grandfather exclaimed. It sounded like he wanted an allied force involving all of them.</p>

      <p>The battle would take place in three days—the day before the resurrection. How many troops would we manage to gather? Janet was using communication magic to report back to Highland and asking that any nearby heroes be sent our way.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...you met Bifrons’s subordinate?” Lucy asked, worried. “Are you okay?”</p>

      <p>“Things got a bit dicey, but I’m fine.”</p>

      <p>Sasa and Furiae were looking concerned as well.</p>

      <p><em>What he said, though...</em></p>

      <p>The demon lord’s resurrection was something that would affect more than just Roses—it would stymie all the countries of the continent. This must’ve been what the Snake Sect was aiming for.</p>

      <p>Therefore, we all made our preparations for the battle three days hence.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“It galls me...that all we can do is wait,” Janet complained, practicing with her spear. The lack of help she’d been against the demon was grating on her.</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t do anything...” Prince Leonardo said. “My inexperience put the two of you in danger.”</p>

      <p>“Well, a demon lord’s subordinate showed up out of nowhere. That would shock anybody,” I replied, encouraging the prince to not let it bother him.</p>

      <p>“By the way, what’s the meaning of those clothes?” he asked.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t wearing my usual traveling gear. These garments were shabby and worn.</p>

      <p>Sasa walked up, wearing clothes in a similar state of repair. “I’m ready, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, Sasa. Got it. Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“Where are you two going?” Janet asked.</p>

      <p>“The forest is dangerous at night,” the prince added.</p>

      <p>They’d stopped their practice to pay more attention to us.</p>

      <p>“Sasa and I can use <em>Transformation</em> to look like undead and scout the Forest of Fiends,” I explained. It was getting boring just waiting around, plus it’d be a waste of time.</p>

      <p>Prince Leonardo and Janet both looked blankly at me. I just wanted to scout the mission area for information, basically RPG 101, but they were really shocked by my plan.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>