<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue"><div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: Traveling with a Witch</h1>

      <p>In front of me, there was a massive hole the size of a lake. It descended into darkness, and I couldn’t see the bottom. Just peering down filled me with the sense that I was being dragged inside.</p>

      <p>“So this is Tartarus...said to connect to the underworld...” I murmured.</p>

      <p>“It’s one of the <em>last dungeons</em>, unknown to mankind...” Lucy replied.</p>

      <p>As for why we were here... The story began several hours ago.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Every time I staggered up to go train, Sasa and Princess Sophia sent me back to bed for more rest. I was under observation to stop me from sneaking away.</p>

      <p><em>Damn it. I’m tired of lying in bed.</em></p>

      <p>Lucy seemed like she’d be easier to convince than Sasa or Princess Sophia, so I tried pleading my case. “Come on, Lucy, I’m fine now. I just want to go outside.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I’d like to let you, but the doctor says you still need to rest.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be with you. We can go together.”</p>

      <p>“Aww, but Aya’ll be mad... If you have to, though...”</p>

      <p>Great, it was working! I just needed to keep up the pressure.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you two,” Rosalie said, suddenly appearing from nowhere. “You’re heading out? I’ll play transport.”</p>

      <p>Lucy and I barely had time to utter a noise before our field of vision changed.</p>

      <p>Before us was a world of blue and white. Lucy and I had been released...in the sky...more than a kilometer above the ground.</p>

      <p>We both started screaming.</p>

      <p>“What’s with the yelling?” Rosalie asked, her voice calm like she was just taking a stroll. “Oh, can neither of you fly?”</p>

      <p>“We can’t!” I yelled.</p>

      <p>“Do something, mama!”</p>

      <p>“Such needy children,” Rosalie said. The next moment, we were enveloped in light, and we started to float in the air.</p>

      <p>“What are you doing?!” Lucy demanded.</p>

      <p>“Well, I thought I was doing you both a favor.”</p>

      <p>“You didn’t wait!”</p>

      <p>I was watching the parent and child argument when I remembered that Rosalie was a master of teleportation. “Rosalie? How far can you go with your <em>Teleport</em>?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Hm? Is there somewhere you want to go?”</p>

      <p>“Well, I haven’t seen any of the other continents in this world.”</p>

      <p>“So you want to see the sights? Okay! A wonderful excursion for an adventurer, coming right up☆!” She grinned, grabbing our arms. “Time for a secret tour!”</p>

      <p>Lucy and I both yelped, and then, we found ourselves in front of Tartarus.</p>

      <p>“Brr!” I quickly put up a barrier against the cold. Where were we?!</p>

      <p>“Mama! This is the north pole!”</p>

      <p>Tartarus was at the northernmost point on the northern continent. In other words, it was damn freezing. Discounting that, though, it was an incredible sight. A fissure had lanced through the ice, so wide that it was impossible to see the other side. What on earth was down there...?</p>

      <p>“It’s a last dungeon, so no one’s ever completely explored it. Want to give it a go?” Rosalie smiled at me. “Apparently, if you clear the deepest floor, you can get some serious power! Like, the god of the dead can grant you the ability to bring people back to life!”</p>

      <p>Right—this was a dungeon where you could have people raised from the dead. It was also a place with no end of challengers, despite its location at the pole. The entrance was huge, so we couldn’t see any other adventurers...but they were almost certainly here.</p>

      <p>“Have you ever tried?” I asked Rosalie.</p>

      <p>“Of course. I got as far as the fourth floor, but you can’t live and go to the fifth floor.”</p>

      <p>“What? Then how do you get past that?”</p>

      <p>“Well, you die, of course,” she said casually.</p>

      <p>What the hell? I suppose...if you manage to clear the fifth floor, you get to come back to life...?</p>

      <p>Hell, that was a one-way trip. What a crazy dungeon. Either way, even the fourth floor of this last dungeon was beyond my abilities. Though, I kinda wanted to take a look at the first floor.</p>

      <p>“Look! Something’s there!” Lucy exclaimed, pointing at the cliffs. I peered over there with <em>Clairvoyance</em> and saw a huge snakelike monster writhing around.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, that’s a shadow dragon. The first floor is their nest,” Rosalie explained.</p>

      <p>“So it’s a dragon lair...?” It was just like Labyrinthos’s final floor...except this was the first one.</p>

      <p><em>Yeeeah... I can’t do that...</em></p>

      <p>“Why don’t we just look from here and call it a day?” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“Oh, really? To the next stop, then!” Rosalie cheered.</p>

      <p>“The next?” Lucy and I asked in unison, but we didn’t have time to stop her before the scenery in front of us changed again.</p>

      <p>“Here we are—the last dungeon, Babel, and the dungeon town, Carafe!”</p>

      <p>Lucy and I both let out impressed noises at the sight in front of us.</p>

      <p>The first thing we saw was the tower—known as Babel or Celestial Tower. It was a huge building jutting up from the center of the town; it seemed to be holding the very skies up, and its top was obscured by clouds.</p>

      <p>“This is Carafe...the number one adventurer town...” Lucy murmured, and I immediately understood the gravity of her words. “It’s a town built around one of the last dungeons... The merchants are here for its treasure.”</p>

      <p>Carafe was a place Fujiyan had mentioned wanting to visit several times. I never thought I’d get here first...</p>

      <p>Aside from the impressive dungeon, the town itself was interesting as well. It wasn’t like the towns in any other country I’d visited before. The stalls were lined with magic items I’d never encountered, along with powerful weapons. They’d probably all been found in the dungeon.</p>

      <p>The people of Carafe were made up of all races, and each individual seemed visibly strong. Seeing that, I could understand why it was known as the number one adventurer town.</p>

      <p>As we observed Carafe, Rosalie continued the explanation. “Technically, they aren’t adventurers, but <em>investigators</em>. The dungeon is managed, so you need to apply for permission to explore it. Although...my <em>Teleport</em> means I can skip all the formalities.”</p>

      <p>“Come on, Rosie, that’s illegal.”</p>

      <p>“Hm?” was Rosalie’s only reaction. Lucy and I started in shock.</p>

      <p>A huge man had turned up right behind us.</p>

      <p>Could he teleport as well? No one had been there a moment ago... He had sharp eyes and a robust beard that made him look almost like a lion.</p>

      <p>“Oh, if it isn’t Uther!” exclaimed Rosalie. “Can you afford to waste time here?”</p>

      <p>“Well, a mage with ridiculous mana reserves teleported into my town, so why wouldn’t I come running?”</p>

      <p>“Welp...guess we were discovered by the law,” Rosalie said sheepishly. “Sorry, guys, we’re not going in the dungeon today.”</p>

      <p>I hadn’t been intending to break the law anyway. Honestly, I was more interested in the man before us.</p>

      <p>“Um...mama. You called him Uther...”</p>

      <p>“Oh, so this lovely lady is your daughter?” asked the man. “Nice to meet you. I am Uther Mercurius Pendragon. I’m in charge of this town.”</p>

      <p>He was pretty informal about it, but that meant—</p>

      <p>“King Uther of the Dungeon Town...”</p>

      <p>—the man in front of me was a king.</p>

      <p>“I am not fond of that kind of title, boy. I’m an investigator at heart.”</p>

      <p>“Well...I’ve read your <em>World of Adventure</em> so many times,” I told him. It’d been one of my favorite books when I’d been making my way through the literature in the Water Temple. But...I never thought I’d meet the legendary adventurer Uther here.</p>

      <p>“Oh! You like my book? That’s good to hear. May I have your name?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto Takatsuki,” I answered nervously.</p>

      <p>“An otherworlder’s name if I ever heard one. Interesting. Please, I would like to invite you to my home for some tea. Naturally, there will be accompanying snacks of the finest make.”</p>

      <p>“No, no, no,” Rosalie refused. “This is their date! No third-wheeling!”</p>

      <p>“I would say that having the girl’s mother along on a date is the biggest example of a third wheel,” Uther said in exasperation. He then shrugged, and a magic circle spread out beneath his feet. “There is much to see in the town. Enjoy yourselves. Just please refrain from breaking the law.”</p>

      <p>With that, the man vanished.</p>

      <p>Lucy and I let out sighs.</p>

      <p>“What’s up?” Rosalie asked us. She obviously didn’t understand how we felt.</p>

      <p>“Mama...you know the king of the number one adventurer town in the world?”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t he a legend?” I pressed.</p>

      <p>Rosalie was a bit legendary herself—she had killed a demon lord after all. However, the impression she usually gave off was more average, and when I spoke to her, it mostly felt like talking to Lucy’s mother rather than a renowned witch.</p>

      <p>She was incredible, though... Even when warned against lawbreaking by the king himself, she seemed unruffled. Whew.</p>

      <p>“Anyway, now that he knows we’re here, there’ll be no sneaking in. The prize for clearing Babel is famous, so you probably both know about it, right?”</p>

      <p>“Eternal life,” I recited, “and...”</p>

      <p>“Access to the realm of the gods,” Lucy finished.</p>

      <p>The dream of all mankind. Babel was the most popular dungeon in the world. It was right in the middle of the southern continent as well, so it was well-placed for travel.</p>

      <p>“It’s a stupid-long dungeon though—a thousand floors! You need to be ready,” asserted Rosalie.</p>

      <p>“A thousand...”</p>

      <p>“That’s ridiculous...”</p>

      <p>Naturally, mankind had yet to succeed. Lucy and I exchanged looks. This dungeon was also crazy, albeit in a different way than Tartarus.</p>

      <p>“Let’s move on to the next one,” Rosalie declared.</p>

      <p>My heart pounded at that. There were three dungeons known as the last dungeons in this world. Having <em>three</em> despite them each being called the <em>last</em> was a bit odd...but whatever.</p>

      <p>These dungeons were Tartarus, Babel, and the Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p>“Next is the Seafloor Temple, right?!”</p>

      <p>Rosalie’s expression soured at my excitement. “You...want to go?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, aren’t we?”</p>

      <p>Her expression said she wasn’t feeling it.</p>

      <p>“He’s aiming to get there, mama.”</p>

      <p>“Ah... Why?” she asked curiously.</p>

      <p>“Well, don’t all adventurers want to beat the last dungeons?” I deflected. I wanted to hide anything about Noah since she was a wicked deity.</p>

      <p>“Well, true... But the Seafloor Temple is on another level. It isn’t a massive dungeon in itself, but the protector is a bit much...”</p>

      <p>Rosalie’s words brought up vivid memories of my previous attempts. “Leviathan, the divine beast...” I murmured. “On top of that, you can’t use elementals around the temple...”</p>

      <p>“Oh?” Rosalie’s voice was curious. “How do you know about the barrier? Wait...don’t tell me...”</p>

      <p>“He made the attempt before and saw Leviathan.”</p>

      <p>Rosalie’s eyes widened. “What?! But you’ve only been in this world for a few years! You’ve already faced a last dungeon <em>and</em> Leviathan?!”</p>

      <p>“Not that I managed anything...” I replied dully. For some reason, she smiled widely.</p>

      <p>“Not bad! You’re loopy!” she exclaimed, grabbing my hand between both of hers.</p>

      <p>I sighed.</p>

      <p>“I’ve been looking for a companion after all the solo traveling,” she continued. “What do you say—I’ll give you a hand if you want to clear the last dungeon.”</p>

      <p>I could have the Crimson Witch by my side? Why wouldn’t I accept that? Just as I was about to do so, a<em> </em>selection screen appeared in front of me.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you enter the Rosalie Route?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>And just what’s </em>that<em> supposed to mean, Mr. </em>RPG Player<em>?</em></p>

      <p>“Don’t you dare steal him!” Lucy protested. “Don’t fall for it, Makoto!”</p>

      <p><em>I don’t think that’s what she meant, Lucy...</em></p>

      <p>“One time wouldn’t hurt. You must be tired of all the young girls, right? A more <em>experienced</em> woman...someone a bit older than you... Well, from time to time, it makes for a nice change.”</p>

      <p><em>I retract my previous remark. That’s exactly what she was aiming for.</em></p>

      <p>“‘A bit older’ indeed!” chastised Lucy. “You’re two hundr—”</p>

      <p>“I said no talking about my age!”</p>

      <p><em>Should I try and stop the headlock?</em></p>

      <p>“Ahhh! Stop, mama! That hurts!”</p>

      <p>Well, they looked like they were having fun, and interfering with family time was rude.</p>

      <p>After they’d squabbled for a while, Rosalie turned back to me. “Okay, joking aside...”</p>

      <p>“Uh, I think...you were at least half serious,” Lucy complained, staggering back over to me now that her mother had released her.</p>

      <p>“The Seafloor Temple’s underwater, and Lucy’s no good with water magic, so going there right now isn’t ideal,” said Rosalie. “I’ll take you two somewhere else instead.”</p>

      <p>Grabbing our hands, Rosalie teleported once more.</p>

      <p>“Where...” I muttered, glancing around. The area was covered in green as far as I could see. At first, I thought the color came from the trees, but looking down revealed an uneven wooden floor. However, a blue, cloudless sky stretched out over our heads, so we weren’t inside.</p>

      <p>“The sky feels so close... Mama, where are we?”</p>

      <p>Lucy was right—the sun seemed significantly closer than normal, and the air felt thin.</p>

      <p>Rosalie chuckled. “This is the floating continent. That thing in the middle is the world tree!”</p>

      <p>“The floating continent?!”</p>

      <p>“The world tree?!”</p>

      <p>The four continents of the world were surrounded by a middlesea that stretched out to the north, east, south, and west. However, I’d heard that there was a continent floating above that ocean as well. The other countries barely traded there, and the people living on the floating continent were almost isolated...</p>

      <p>“The world tree...” Lucy said nervously. “That’s supposed to be a holy site for the people living here... Maybe we shouldn’t just go walking in.” Her uneasy voice made me nervous as well.</p>

      <p>We’d literally just been scolded by the king in the dungeon town. Rosalie seemed all too willing to ignore immigration control.</p>

      <p>“There’s a village on the world tree—it’s up this way. The place is really interesting, so I’ll show you the way.” Despite her daughter’s hesitancy, Rosalie was as unconcerned as ever. Lucy and I exchanged glances, but since we didn’t want to get left behind, we hurried after her.</p>

      <p>The floor was practically made of rolling trees. At first, I’d thought it was made of plain wood...but it was actually comprised of massive branches. How damn big was this tree?</p>

      <p>“You’re not finding it hard to walk?” I asked Lucy.</p>

      <p>“I’m fine. I grew up in the Great Forest, so I’m used to this. What about you?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll manage,” I replied. The surface was completely different from walking on solid ground, and I was being careful not to fall.</p>

      <p>I followed after the two elves, albeit more slowly.</p>

      <p>“There, we can see it now! That’s Torys Village—the village atop the world tree.”</p>

      <p>In the direction she was pointing, I spied a small settlement that was about half the size of Canaan. The houses were made in a similar style to those in the elf village. They looked kind of plain at a glance, but the people were certainly unique. In fact, they had wings growing from their backs.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, look!”</p>

      <p>“They’re angels,” I said, while Lucy simultaneously declared, “Avians!”</p>

      <p>We stared at each other. Apparently, one of us was wrong.</p>

      <p>One of them seemed to notice our voices and turned toward us. The person’s expression turned to shock, and they flew over.</p>

      <p>“Rosalie! You came to visit!”</p>

      <p>“Yup, I sure did!”</p>

      <p>The two apparently knew each other, and the first winged person was soon joined by more. All of them were women.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto,</em> <em>these are avians, </em>Noah explained. <em>Their race lives only on the floating continent.</em></p>

      <p>So they weren’t angels...</p>

      <p><em>Angels are just spiritual and holy,</em> Noah clarified.<em> They don’t have bodies. Avians are completely different.</em></p>

      <p>I hadn’t studied enough... It seemed that I didn’t know much about the world outside of the western continent.</p>

      <p>“Who are these two?” one of the avians asked, looking at Lucy and me.</p>

      <p>“My daughter and son-in-law.”’</p>

      <p>“Oh my! Your family? We need to make them feel welcome!”</p>

      <p>Out of nowhere, we found ourselves in the middle of a party. Interestingly, all the avians present seemed to be women.</p>

      <p><em>How do they have kids?</em> I wondered, but there was no way I’d bring that up around people I’d just met. Rosalie could tell me later...</p>

      <p>Speaking of Rosalie, she was happily drinking away with the villagers. Lucy and I awkwardly listened in.</p>

      <p>Apparently, Rosalie had once saved the avians—she’d happened to drop in during an attack by a calamity level monster. The beast could have spelled the end of the village, but she’d repelled it, earning the avians’ gratitude.</p>

      <p>No outsiders were usually allowed here, but Rosalie’s presence seemed to be an automatic pass.</p>

      <p><em>So, yeah! This also </em>wasn’t<em> somewhere that we should just wander into!</em></p>

      <p>Lucy and I had turned apologetic at that point, but the avians had smiled and said that any family of Rosalie was welcome. She seemed to have well and truly earned their trust.</p>

      <p>However, the most interesting thing we heard was that this village had been the birthplace of Anna the Holy Mother. She’d been Abel the Savior’s comrade and lover, on top of being Highland’s first king and pope. And, in the middle of this village, there was apparently a statue of her alongside Althena.</p>

      <p>According to the avians, it was a symbol of the village’s peace. Had Anna the Holy Mother been an avian? She’d had wings? I hadn’t heard anything like that before now...</p>

      <p>As the party continued, an avian girl turned and whispered to Lucy and me. “This is just between us...”</p>

      <p>According to her, there was a nice clearing past the rear gate of the village where you could see the entire continent. <em>Also</em> according to her, vows between lovers that were spoken there would last forever.</p>

      <p>“It’s even where Abel the Savior and Anna the Holy Mother exchanged their vows!” she said with sparkling eyes.</p>

      <p><em>Huh? </em>In the story Princess Noelle had told me, those two had not gotten married. Abel had defeated Iblis, and then he’d left to keep the world at peace...</p>

      <p>Did this village have another story?</p>

      <p>“Thank you for telling us!” Lucy exclaimed. “I’d love to go and see it!”</p>

      <p>The story had gotten Lucy really excited.</p>

      <p>I stole a glance at Rosalie. She was focused on the meal—this feast seemed like it’d keep going for a while.</p>

      <p>“Want to check it out now?” I asked Lucy.</p>

      <p>“Of course! It’s not every day you get to come to the world tree!”</p>

      <p>Well, normally we <em>couldn’t</em> come, full stop. And, if we weren’t careful, we’d never be able to come again.</p>

      <p>So, with that in mind, Lucy and I headed out of the village’s back gate and walked along a small road. Well, it was more like a green tunnel than a road, though it felt different than walking through the forest.</p>

      <p>Eventually we came to a clearing where the branches thinned and the sky was visible. This was a place where the huge boughs of the world tree protruded through the canopy, and it was a great spot to look out at the scenery below. You could see everything from the cradle of the tree.</p>

      <p>“Wow...so this is the floating continent,” I murmured.</p>

      <p>“Are there clouds down there?” Lucy asked, her voice filled with wonder.</p>

      <p>There were no clouds...but the ultramarine expanse we could see below us must’ve been the ocean. It really felt like we were flying, though not even Fujiyan’s airship could come this far up. This was definitely the highest place in the world, and viewing the scenery from here was awe-inspiring.</p>

      <p>We just stared out at it for a while.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Makoto?” Lucy said, wrapping her arm around mine.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is it?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“You know exactly what it is,” she replied, looking at me through her lashes and pressing herself into me. I remembered what the avian girl had said. Then, Lucy giggled. “You’re shaking for once.”</p>

      <p>“I-I am not,” I protested, even as I felt my heart pound.</p>

      <p>She looked up expectantly at me with bewitching eyes, arms sliding around my shoulders as she drew closer.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you propose to Lucy?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>RPG Player </em>was cutting off my escape here. I wasn’t going to get away with playing dumb.</p>

      <p><em>Takatsuki?</em></p>

      <p>Just then, I had a sudden vision of Sasa with a knife and a smile.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>