<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“Hey, you’re thinking about Aya!”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m not,” I denied flatly.</p>

      <p>“Liar! It’s written all over your face.”</p>

      <p>“Am I seriously <em>that</em> transparent?”</p>

      <p>Apparently, <em>Calm Mind</em> didn’t come with acting skills.</p>

      <p>The words floating in the air helped me make up my mind.</p>

      <p>“Lucy,” I said firmly, putting my hands on her shoulders.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...” she replied, looking at me through misty eyes.</p>

      <p>“Would you ma—”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, my question was interrupted by a keening screech that sliced through my head.</p>

      <p><em>Sense Danger?</em> It’d been a while since the alarm had sounded so strong. The ground...well, tree, shook under our feet.</p>

      <p>Lucy screamed and I turned toward the source of the tremors.</p>

      <p>“Geh!”</p>

      <p>My face twisted. There was a huge—almost ten meter long—caterpillar. It was almost like one of the monsters in a sentai series. Unlike a blight monster, it at least seemed to belong in this world, but the <em>size</em>... The tentacles writhing around made it look even worse.</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto! What is it?! So gross!”</p>

      <p>“A bug monster, I guess? It doesn’t look like it’s going to attack us.”</p>

      <p>The massive caterpillar was munching on the leaves of the world tree. I didn’t particularly want to watch, but before I could decide whether to leave it alone or not, someone came up to us.</p>

      <p>“Th-This is awful. That’s a dragon wyrm—a monster that feeds on the world tree!”</p>

      <p>“You’re that girl...” I recognized her as the avian who’d told us about this spot. For a moment, I wondered why she was here, but then I realized... “You were peeping, weren’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Eh, no way!” Lucy yelped, reddening.</p>

      <p>“Tee hee,” she giggled, sticking her tongue out. Well, she looked around the right age to be interested in romance.</p>

      <p>“M-More importantly,” she said, moving the conversation back to the wyrm. “If we leave it alone, it’ll eat all the leaves, build a nest, and lay eggs. When they hatch, there’ll be hundreds of them!”</p>

      <p>So things were more dangerous than I’d thought.</p>

      <p>“I’ll go get Rosalie and the adults. Can you keep watch?!” she asked.</p>

      <p>She raced off before waiting for our response.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, the huge caterpillar—the dragon wyrm—was munching away at the leaves. It wasn’t interested in us, so maybe it was a herbivore? The response from <em>Sense Danger</em> meant we couldn’t let our guard down, though.</p>

      <p>“Well that killed the mood,” I remarked.</p>

      <p>“Why’d this have to happen?” Lucy griped. I dropped my hand on her head and patted her. Our current view wasn’t the most pleasant, so I really hoped someone would come soon.</p>

      <p>Then, the monster suddenly stopped eating, and its lower stomach began to glow. I saw countless red spheres, all pulsing ominously.</p>

      <p>“Eggs...” I whispered, remembering the girl’s comment.</p>

      <p>If they hatched, the situation would be pretty dire... Rosalie and the villagers still weren’t here.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What do we do?” Lucy stammered. “Can we really just keep watching?”</p>

      <p>I hesitated. If we wanted to attack, magic was our only choice. But, could I really blast magic all over the world tree? Lucy’s fire magic would probably be effective, but she wasn’t great at detail work—I didn’t want to even think about possibly burning down this important place.</p>

      <p>While I was thinking, the glow from the eggs was growing stronger. At this rate, one of the places linked to Anna the Holy Mother would be destroyed...</p>

      <p>We’d have to do something.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, I’m going to use elemental magic.”</p>

      <p>“What?!” she cried. “Will water magic work on it?”</p>

      <p>I shook my head. “I’m going to use both water and fire. Lucy, I’ll need your help.”</p>

      <p>She looked blankly at me for a moment until it hit her. She gasped. “Fire elementals... R-Right, I get it.” She caught my signal and closed her eyes.</p>

      <p>Lucy and I had fairly incompatible mana, so I couldn’t just use <em>Synchro</em> with her. But...</p>

      <p>I kissed her.</p>

      <p>Red lights appeared around me—fire elementals. My <em>Contract</em> with Lucy let me see them. The water elementals I could already manipulate were around us too. I could now borrow strength from both types at the same time.</p>

      <p>As a huge swell of mana gathered between the two of us, the caterpillar made a threatening noise. Apparently, it saw us as enemies now.</p>

      <p>How to deal with it?</p>

      <p>That was when strands, silken like those of a spiderweb, came <em>fwipp</em>ing through the air toward us. Guess the bug had taken the initiative.</p>

      <p>“<em>Water Magic: Ice Barrier,</em>” I said, blocking the strands just before they hit. The deflected threads bubbled where they hit the tree.</p>

      <p>What the hell?!</p>

      <p><em>Its silk is poisonous, </em>Noah informed me. <em>If you touch it, you won’t be walking it off.</em></p>

      <p>Poison? That was annoying. I offered a few words of thanks to the goddess as I tried to decide how to deal with this new threat.</p>

      <p><em>Phoenix</em> or <em>Yamata no Orochi</em> were both powerful, but they also damaged my surroundings, so I didn’t really want to use them atop the world tree. What should I do?</p>

      <p>Lucy’s worried eyes were fixed on me. “Makoto...”</p>

      <p>That was when one of the dragon wyrm’s threads touched a fire elemental.</p>

      <p>It burst into flames.</p>

      <p><em>Will that...?</em></p>

      <p>I’d been focusing entirely on borrowing their power, but maybe the elementals themselves could attack. In fact, perhaps I could just ask them...</p>

      <p>“×××××××××× (Fire elementals, will you attack that monster, and only that monster?)”</p>

      <p><em>Leave it to us!</em> came a harmonious response.</p>

      <p>The water elementals were watching and fidgeting—they were probably sulking that I wasn’t talking with them. I’d have to ask them to do something too.</p>

      <p>“×××××××××× (Water elementals, can you make sure the poison doesn’t touch the world tree?)”</p>

      <p><em>Right! </em></p>

      <p>Now <em>that</em> was an energetic response.</p>

      <p>The dragon wyrm keened in pain. It was currently burning, surrounded by fire elementals. However, the wood and leaves of the world tree were uncharred. The fire elementals were doing well with their attacks.</p>

      <p><em>It’s going great... So this is another way of using elemental magic, </em>I thought.</p>

      <p><em>People...used to use it this way,</em> Noah said.</p>

      <p>They did? I was surprised—no one had ever mentioned anything like that before.</p>

      <p><em>You need the elementals to really like you, though, </em>she added. <em>Guess they’re fond of you.</em></p>

      <p>There was more to elemental magic than I’d thought...</p>

      <p>By now, the wyrm was nearly dead. Its fruitless poison threads were being frozen by the water elementals, and the thing let out an unintelligible screech, breathing its last before thudding down sideways.</p>

      <p>Phew, it was dead.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...that’s amazing,” Lucy gushed. “You defeated a calamity level monster on your own.”</p>

      <p>“No, I defeated it with you,” I said, trying to play it cool.</p>

      <p>She just sighed, half-glaring at me. “All I did was get kissed by you.”</p>

      <p>“Uh...”</p>

      <p>But then, she wrapped her arms around me. “That was so cool.” She pushed me down and kissed me once more. “This man, so shamelessly stealing kisses.” She had a sharp expression, but her voice wasn’t angry at all. “You’re taking responsibility.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, of course,” I replied after a dazed second.</p>

      <p>“Shall we carry on the conversation from earlier? Go on, say it.”</p>

      <p>“N-Now?” She wanted me to propose while she was straddling me? I could foresee a long future of getting bossed around.</p>

      <p>“Say, Lucy...” I said, putting my arms around her to match her body language.</p>

      <p>“What is it, Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“Oh?” interrupted a familiar voice. “Someone came to warn us about a monster, but here I just find my daughter playing around in public.”</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>“Mama?!”</p>

      <p>Rosalie appeared right next to us and Lucy jumped away.</p>

      <p>So...what was I supposed to say here...? “Rosalie, we defeated the monster,” I stated.</p>

      <p>“They said it was a calamity...and you defeated it? Not bad. I guess I <em>can</em> trust you with Lucy!”</p>

      <p>Then, the avian villagers joined in.</p>

      <p>“You took down an adult dragon wyrm?”</p>

      <p>“That’s amazing, mister!”</p>

      <p>“Wow...”</p>

      <p>After that, the young avians started dealing with the corpse. They seemed to know how to handle its poison too.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, Lucy, well done,” said one of the avians. “Thank you for defeating the dragon wyrm.”</p>

      <p>“I cannot believe we didn’t notice such a large one...”</p>

      <p>“We need to strengthen our guard rotations.”</p>

      <p>“The village owes you both, so please allow us to thank you.”</p>

      <p>The mood was even more of a party than it’d been before. But, since we couldn’t stay too long without worrying the others, Lucy and I begged off early.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>Rosalie teleported us back.</p>

      <p>I’d only meant to get out of bed for a while and go for a walk, but Lucy and I had ended up going on a real adventure. Before she left, Rosalie said she was going drinking again. Maybe she was headed back to the avian village?</p>

      <p>Sasa soon appeared in front of us.</p>

      <p>“Where. Were. You. Two?”</p>

      <p>Yeah... Upon seeing my empty bed (where I was supposed to be), she’d gotten angry.</p>

      <p>“R-Rosalie took us sightseeing. She used teleportation, so I didn’t even push myself.”</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s right,” Lucy said, backing me up. “Makoto needed a change of scenery.”</p>

      <p>“My knight was fighting a calamity on the floating continent,” Furiae added.</p>

      <p>“Princess?!”</p>

      <p>“Fuuri?!”</p>

      <p>How did she know?!</p>

      <p>“I used <em>Postcognition</em>,” she answered. “It’s not something I’m particularly skilled in, but it seems like I was right.”</p>

      <p>Ack... She’d baited us.</p>

      <p>“Let’s <em>chat</em> then,” Sasa fumed.</p>

      <p>“Aya! I’m not going to run, let go! Also, don’t grab me there!”</p>

      <p>Sasa had a firm grip on Lucy as the elf squirmed.</p>

      <p>“I want to hear this as well,” said Furiae. “You’re supposed to be my guardian knight, and yet you’re gallivanting off to who-knows-where. I want to know <em>everything</em>.” She grabbed my arm. <em>So tight...</em> I couldn’t shake her off at all.</p>

      <p>“You’re not getting away,” Sasa trilled.</p>

      <p>“You can’t even just remain silent,” declared Furiae. “My fate magic will tell me everything.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t even have the right to remain silent?! At their mercy, Lucy and I ended up in a particularly tough interrogation.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>That night, Princess Sophia appeared after finishing her meetings with the leaders.</p>

      <p>“I heard what happened. You were told you needed rest, and yet you slipped out instead and got scolded for it. Really, you can’t sit still? You defeated a demon lord, so why not take a break?”</p>

      <p>“I just went out for a walk.”</p>

      <p>“You can hardly call going to another continent and fighting a calamity ‘a walk.’”</p>

      <p>Well...guess my boss had found out all the details... I considered trying to claim that Rosalie dragging me along had been an act of god...but I found myself pushed back into the bed. Eyes like chips of ice stared me down.</p>

      <p>“I want you to go to Great Keith next. Yet, I cannot shake this worry...so I will be joining you.”</p>

      <p>“S-Sophia? Are you mad?”</p>

      <p>“I am not. I am a priestess, after all.”</p>

      <p>I scratched my cheek. That wasn’t really a reason... She was <em>definitely</em> mad.</p>

      <p>“What’s Great Keith like?” I asked, trying to change the topic.</p>

      <p>“It borders Roses, but our climates are completely different. It has wide swathes of desert, and its towns are built around oases. Water is a valuable resource. The people there also mine precious stones and ore, so they do a lot of trading.”</p>

      <p>“They’re a military country, right? Even the royal family is in the army.”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. Great Keith is a hard land and climate to live in, so the monsters are commensurately stronger. The military is indispensable in the protection of the people that live there.”</p>

      <p>“A harsh climate... So it doesn’t rain much?”</p>

      <p>I knew some of those details since I’d seen quests in Great Keith offered while adventuring in Macallan. To me, the most important fact was about rainfall—there wasn’t much of it, which meant few water elementals.</p>

      <p>“Without the water elementals, I’m not going to be able to do much,” I warned her.</p>

      <p>“I won’t ask the impossible of you, so don’t worry,” she replied with a smile.</p>

      <p>Great Keith was our next destination, and it was the worst country for my specialty.</p>

      <p><em>So you’re heading to a place without elementals... </em>Noah said in my mind. <em>I’m worried.</em></p>

      <p><em>Be careful, Mako. No dying☆</em></p>

      <p>Thanks for the encouragement, goddesses...but that feels like tempting fate.</p>

      <p>I’d just pray for a peaceful journey.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>