<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“Come on! It’s breakfast time. If you don’t get up...” Her voice trailed off. “Hey, what’s going on? You’ve got a weird look on your face.”</p>

      <p>I felt laughter bubbling up within me at the strange sight of Lucy—with her bright red hair and long elven ears—wearing the school uniform.</p>

      <p><em>It took me a while to notice...but I must be dreaming.</em></p>

      <p>“Seriously...what gives— Kyah!” she cried.</p>

      <p>I grabbed hold of her. This was a dream after all, so it was fine.</p>

      <p><em>Great... That’s right. I’m not in my old world anymore.</em></p>

      <p>I tightened my hug.</p>

      <p>“How long are you going to hold on to her for?!” Lucy’s voice suddenly demanded. This was followed by a sharp blow to my head.</p>

      <p>“Mhmm?”</p>

      <p>The pain brought me back to reality. I looked up and saw that Lucy was now standing off to the side, glaring at me as I reeled in the aftermath of a slap to my head. And...Princess Sophia was actually the one in my arms. She had an awkward look on her face.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm...” she stammered. “You need to get up soon, Hero Makoto.” Her face was pink as her breath drifted across my ears.</p>

      <p><em>Why is she here?</em> I wondered, racking my brain for the details. But then, I remembered.</p>

      <p>We’d gotten back from Cameron last night. This was my home in Macallan. I’d been dreaming, and now I was wide awake.</p>

      <p>“Morning, Sophia,” I mumbled.</p>

      <p>“Good day, Hero Makoto. I appreciate your passion so early in the morning, but please do these things around fewer people.” Her statement prompted me to quickly release her from the hug. “Breakfast is ready. I will wait in the dining room.”</p>

      <p>Despite her embarrassment, the princess left the room with an elegant smile...leaving Lucy behind, glaring at me.</p>

      <p>“So...you should wash that lousy face,” she griped.</p>

      <p>“Ah, right.”</p>

      <p>She couldn’t hide her displeasure... Her arms were crossed. And, of course, she was wearing her usual outfit, not a school uniform.</p>

      <p><em>She was cute in that uniform, though...</em> I thought, the image still fresh in my mind.</p>

      <p>“What’s with that look?” she snapped, her voice sharp. “Was holding Princess Sophia really <em>that</em> comfortable?”</p>

      <p>“I thought it was you, actually.”</p>

      <p>I only realized what I’d said after the words had left my lips. What kind of excuse was that? Was I trying to be a player? However, Lucy’s expression morphed into one of delight.</p>

      <p>“What?! R-Really? Hm, you’re so hopeless.” She climbed onto the bed, combing her hair back with her fingers to hide her nerves.</p>

      <p>“Uh, L-Lucy?”</p>

      <p>“See, you can get it right this time. Hug me as much as you like.” As she spoke, she slipped her hands behind my neck, bringing our faces closer together...</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I heard another voice. “Luuuu? What are you and Takatsuki doing?” <em>Sense Danger</em> pinged in my head. I glanced over at the door and saw Sasa standing there, knife in hand, staring our way.</p>

      <p><em>Scary!</em></p>

      <p>“Breakfast’s ready!” Sasa said loudly.</p>

      <p>“R-Right. Don’t get mad, Ayaaa.”</p>

      <p>“Jeez, Lu, no trying to get ahead.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry!” Lucy replied hurriedly.</p>

      <p>At that, the two girls headed out to the living room.</p>

      <p><em>Guess I may as well get up.</em></p>

      <p>I used water magic to wash my face before pulling on the now-dry clothes from yesterday. Then, I polished my dagger with a cloth and offered my prayers to Noah. In exactly forty seconds, I was finished.</p>

      <p>I strode into the next room, which was pulling double duty as both the living room and dining room.</p>

      <p>“Morning, Sasa.”</p>

      <p>“Morning, Takatsuki!”</p>

      <p>She turned around in her pink apron, smiling. Her hair was pulled back and tied up. That apron was actually something she’d made herself, and it was fastened with a big ribbon at her waist. She really was impressive.</p>

      <p>“You’re late, my knight!” Furiae protested, tapping her chopsticks against her bowl.</p>

      <p><em>Where’d you learn that? It’s rude, quit it.</em></p>

      <p>By contrast, Princess Sophia was calmly drinking tea. The sheer lack of balance to the scene was honestly pretty amusing.</p>

      <p>“Okay, everyone, eat up!” Sasa exclaimed.</p>

      <p>We chorused our thanks and tucked into the meal. Unlike my dream, this wasn’t a gloomy living room where I was all alone—no, I was sitting at a cheery dining table with lots of people.</p>

      <p>I was glad I’d been asleep. This world is better than my old one.</p>

      <p><em>Well, you say that, </em>Noah chimed in,<em> but the girls at the table are all fighting over you. You might end up getting stabbed.</em></p>

      <p>Goddess...please don’t tempt fate so early in the morning.</p>

      <p><em>Well, who cares? After all, you’re so populaaar.</em></p>

      <p>Her voice seemed sulky. I needed to calm her down before starting breakfast.</p>

      <p>You don’t seem happy. Are you angry?</p>

      <p><em>Not really.</em></p>

      <p>Well, Noah, you’re still special to me.</p>

      <p><em>Heh, I see. Guess that’s fine, then.</em></p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>