<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 6</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>

</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue: Makoto Takatsuki’s Breakfast</h1>

      <p>I opened my eyes to the dull orange glow of the ceiling light.</p>

      <p>Sleepily, I looked around my room. A dim shaft of light was poking in through the blinds. The floor was covered in scattered game cases and manga volumes, and there was a neat pile of textbooks and reference books on the desk.</p>

      <p>The clock on the desk read 6:35.</p>

      <p>Honestly, I’d had enough of the dreary sight of my room.</p>

      <p><em>I should get ready for school.</em></p>

      <p>I wandered down to the living room. No one else was around. <em>Did my parents even come home last night? </em>They both started early and always got back after the last train.</p>

      <p>Actually...it was more frequent that they just didn’t get home at all. There was an envelope on the desk with several notes inside it—that was my allowance for the week...which meant it must have been Monday.</p>

      <p>Man, I was tired. <em>Did I stay up all night gaming?</em> I wondered. That must have been why I was so exhausted. I didn’t remember beating the game either. That demon lord boss had been too hard. It was undead, and every time I killed it, the thing revived. How was I supposed to deal with that?</p>

      <p><em>Getting breakfast ready is too much effort...</em></p>

      <p>I wasn’t particularly hungry, but I wouldn’t be able to concentrate in class if I didn’t eat. Sasa would call me dead-eyed as well.</p>

      <p>With that in mind, I took the remote and flicked on the TV.</p>

      <p>There was a news segment on entertainment, but I couldn’t muster up any interest. I changed the channel and found a weather forecast. It was going to rain today.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, damn it. I’ll need an umbrella...wait, umbrella? It’s been ages since I last used one...</em></p>

      <p>Right. I didn’t need an umbrella. I never used to like the rain, but I didn’t mind it so much anymore. After all—</p>

      <p>“Makoto! How long are you going to sleep in?!”</p>

      <p>The door slammed open, allowing Lucy—wearing the Eastern Shinagawa Public High School uniform—to barge in, shoes still on her feet.</p>

      <p><em>At least take those off!</em></p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>