<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 2</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="backmatter-rw Appendix-rw auto-rw page-open-left-rw" epub:type="backmatter appendix" id="appendix001">
<h1 class="chapter-title1"><a id="page-179"/><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-appendix001">AFTERWORD</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">Thank you for your patience, everyone. Yu Shimizu here. This is Volume 2 of <em>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy</em>, an academy sword fantasy that tells the story of a ten-year-old Dark Lord and the older girls who help him!</p>
<p>This volume added quite a few new concepts. Spirits, Demon Swords, the Integrated Empire… There are still many mysteries to unravel in this world, and how Leonis faces the truth of those enigmas is where the fun comes in!</p>
<p>Incidentally, the character adorning the cover art this time is our favorite combat maid, Regina. Her name actually means xxxxx in Latin. (Censored for spoiler purposes.) Anyone who’s interested is welcome to look into it after finishing the volume!</p>
<p>Now then, this book mainly takes place on a large imperial battleship docked in the Seventh Assault Garden. It’s more than just a battleship, though—it’s also a personal ship of the royal family, so its interior is that of an extravagant passenger vessel.</p>
<p>To scope out what such a ship would look like, I went cruising with a few author friends of mine on a luxury liner (for research purposes, of course). The ship had a pool, a movie theater, a concert <a id="page-180"/>hall, a game center, a library, a bar, and even a casino (not that I could gamble). I had a lot of fun (despite definitely going there for research purposes).</p>
<p>So as you can see, Volume 2 was written with a lot of studying done beforehand, so I hope you all like it. This series is enjoying great success. It’s actually startling how well it’s selling. (We got three requests for a second-edition printing before Volume 2 even came out!)</p>
<p>I also have a bit of good news! A manga version for this series has been announced, with Asuka Keigen handling the art! Leonis, Riselia, and the rest of the eighteenth platoon will be starring in a manga adaptation, and it’s all because of your support as readers. Thank you very, very much! I’ll be working hard to make this an even bigger work with a living, breathing story, and lots of twists. I hope you will continue to support us going forward.</p>
<p>Now, time for some thanks. To Asagi Tosaka, thank you for drawing the wonderful cover art as well as the adorable insert pictures! All the illustrations were delicate, cute, and so pretty that I can’t help but sigh in appreciation. I hope we continue to work together well into the future.</p>
<p>I’m sure I caused plenty of grief for this book’s designers, proofreaders, my editor in chief, and the other editors in charge of my work during the process of writing this volume. Once again, I extend my thanks to all of you.</p>
<p>But the greatest thank-you goes to you, readers!</p>
<p>Let’s meet in the next volume! Volume 3 is set to be a turning point, and I plan to really pile on the plot.</p>
<p class="right"><strong><em>—Yu Shimizu, August 2019</em></strong></p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>