<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 2</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter016">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a id="page-103"/><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter016">CHAPTER <span class="size">5</span></a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter016">A MAD PARTY</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">“…Where did Leo go off to now?” Riselia wondered aloud, looking around the hall with a glass of juice in hand.</p>
<p>While she was busy taking care of Millet and Linze, Leonis had disappeared.</p>
<p>“What’s wrong, Selia?” Elfiné asked her.</p>
<p>“Miss Elfiné, have you seen Leo?”</p>
<p>“Maybe he went outside for a breather? Being around a lot of people can be exhausting.” Elfiné cracked a strained smile. “Aren’t you being a bit overprotective?”</p>
<p>“A-am I…?”</p>
<p>“It’s like taking care of a cat. If you’re being too clingy, it might run away.”</p>
<p>Elfiné tapped Riselia on the shoulder gently and walked off to another table. Riselia, however, was left a little surprised.</p>
<p><em>Maybe I</em> am <em>being overprotective…?</em> The cat charm Leonis had given her vibrated slightly from its spot attached to Riselia’s terminal.</p>
<p>For some reason, Riselia simply couldn’t bear to leave Leonis alone. The question was <em>why?</em> It wasn’t just because he was a <a id="page-104"/>ten-year-old boy, and she was certain it wasn’t because she was his minion, either.</p>
<p>She’d felt that way <em>ever since she first saw him in the ruins</em>, after all. Riselia had this strange sensation that felt like she’d known Leonis since long before they’d met.</p>
<p><em>Why do I feel this way…?</em></p>
<p>Riselia lifted her face and saw Leonis approaching her.</p>
<p>“Oh, Leo, where were you?”</p>
<p>“I don’t like being around crowds, so I went out for some fresh air.”</p>
<p>“Oh…” It was exactly as Elfiné had said.</p>
<p>“Miss Selia…,” Leonis began, fixing his eyes on her face.</p>
<p>“What is it?”</p>
<p>“You’re cute.”</p>
<p>“…Huh?!” Riselia’s face went red. “Wh-wh-wh-what are you saying?!”</p>
<p>Leonis simply smiled, as if enjoying her flustered reaction.</p>
<p>“Were you lonely without me? You adorable thing, you,” he teased smugly.</p>
<p>“L-Leo, what’s gotten into you?” Riselia asked, sensing something was clearly off with his behavior and tone.</p>
<p>“I am such a sinful man to have inflicted this loneliness upon you, Miss Selia.” Leonis cradled his head in his own arms.</p>
<p>“Did you eat something strange?” Riselia asked, wondering if there might have been suspicious mushrooms in his salad.</p>
<p>Just as she was thinking of calling the ship’s doctor, the lights suddenly went out, plunging the hall into blackness.</p>
<p>“Huh…?”</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>