<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
<title>The Demon Sword Master of Excalibur Academy, Vol. 2</title>
<link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter005">
<h1 class="chapter-number"><a id="page-27"/><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter005">CHAPTER <span class="size">2</span></a></h1>
<h1 class="chapter-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-chapter005">THE PRINCESS’S ARRIVAL</a></h1>
<p class="noindent">It took a full hour to finish transcribing the books.</p>
<p>Leonis left the library wearing the most innocent face he could manage after having created copies of ancient tomes. Now he wanted nothing more than to find a nice quiet corner to begin his reading.</p>
<p>Upon leaving the building, Leonis pulled out a small device given to him by the academy. When he tapped on the screen, the terminal sensed the faint mana in his fingertips and activated. He wasn’t quite used to operating this machine yet, but it was quite the convenient little thing. By sliding his finger across the screen, he scrolled through a digital copy of his academy curriculum.</p>
<p><em>Hmm. So I have a classroom lecture on group tactics theory next…</em></p>
<p>Having commanded armies in the past as a Dark Lord, such a lecture seemed quite promising to Leonis. Understanding how human tactics had changed over the last millennium was useful. On top of that, a student’s lecture attendance was closely monitored. If Leonis ever skipped a class, Riselia was sure to learn of it and get angry with him.</p>
<p><a id="page-28"/>“…I suppose I can always read the books later,” Leonis whispered to himself.</p>
<p>Just as he turned to make for the classroom ward, however…</p>
<p>“Ah, there he is! Leoooo!”</p>
<p>“M-Millet, don’t shout…”</p>
<p>Leonis heard the high-pitched voices of several children calling after him.</p>
<p>“…?”</p>
<p>Doing an about-face, he saw a girl who looked to be five or six years old running toward him across the park lawn. The child had a lively face, her hazelnut hair was in pigtails, and she wore a short skirt.</p>
<p><em>Who’s that?</em></p>
<p>Suspicious, Leonis looked around and spied two other children following the girl. One of them was a gangly, bespectacled boy who looked to be the same age, while the other was a slightly older girl. The oldest of the three had slender, doll-like limbs and shoulder-length black hair. Moreover, Leonis actually knew who she was.</p>
<p>On the day of the Void Stampede, he’d met her when he visited Phrenia’s orphanage. She’d been the oldest child there.</p>
<p><em>Tessera, I believe?</em> Leonis recalled.</p>
<p>She’d proven herself to be quite a brave child, for she’d dared to ask Leonis to protect Riselia after witnessing a sliver of his terrifying power. If Tessera was here, then the other kids with her were likely from the orphanage as well.</p>
<p><em>What could they be doing here?</em></p>
<p>Part of Excalibur Academy’s premises were open to the public. While there was a strict identity check necessary to enter the sections of the academy used by the students, the cafeteria and exercise facilities adjacent to the park were available for anyone.</p>
<p><a id="page-29"/>The orphanage was a long a walk from the academy, though. It was one thing if they could use a vehicle, but Leonis couldn’t imagine children making such a long trip on foot.</p>
<p>“Haah, haah… I finally found you…,” Millet said, gasping for air as she came to a stop in front of Leonis.</p>
<p>Soon after, the other two caught up to her. Clearly, they’d been looking for him, though Leonis could only guess at the reason.</p>
<p>“Ah… Hmm, err…!” Tessera tried to say something from her spot behind the younger girl.</p>
<p>“…?” Leonis cocked his head.</p>
<p>“C’mon, Tessera, you’ve got something to give to Leonis, right?” Millet urged, lightly pushing Tessera forward.</p>
<p>“Y-yeah…” Tessera stepped closer and looked up at Leonis as if steeling her nerves. “I… Leonis… I… Have this…”</p>
<p>She held out a small bag.</p>
<p>“…What’s this?” he asked.</p>
<p>“It’s, erm, a thank-you gift.”</p>
<p>“…A thank-you gift?”</p>
<p>“Yes. Thank you so, so much for protecting the orphanage!” Tessera offered the little satchel to Leonis and bobbed her head in a bow.</p>
<p>“I saw you from the window. You were awesome!” Millet said excitedly. “You took out those Voids one after another!”</p>
<p>“I—I saw it, too. B-but I was a little scared…,” the bespectacled boy added.</p>
<p>“Linze, you’re being rude to Leo!” Millet chided, landing a small, bouncy punch on his head.</p>
<p class="noindent">“I didn’t do anything you should be thankful for…” Leonis shook his head. “Protecting people is a Holy Swordsman’s duty.” Leonis had rather nonchalantly just said something he didn’t believe in the slightest. Truth be told, he’d only protected <a id="page-31"/>the orphanage on a whim. If it hadn’t been a place Riselia—his minion—held so dear, he wouldn’t have even considered doing something that risked exposing his identity to protect it.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>