<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<title>That Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime, Vol. 7</title>
<link href="css/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<meta content="text/html; charset=utf-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="galley-rw">
<section class="body-rw Chapter-rw" epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter003ad">
<p>“Yeah. That’s my job.”</p>
<p>“But it was I who ordered Reyhiem to come here…”</p>
<p>“And I’m the one who let you do so without comment. You don’t need to concern yourself about it.”</p>
<p>“Is there any way to convince you…ah, not to?”</p>
<p>“Enough already. Stop worrying. It’s not guaranteed to be a fight yet.”</p>
<p>…And if it was, it wasn’t guaranteed to be a defeat. Hinata still had a trick up her sleeve—not some silly Dragonbuster, but something much loftier, nobler. Besides, Luminus had personally told her to restrain herself.</p>
<p>She had zero intention of dying. If it came to blows, whether Rimuru was ascended or not, she believed he was still a defeatable target—for now. There was nothing to worry about. She wasn’t 100 percent sure of victory, but she had a lot of experience with taking on targets bigger than her. Plus, she even had more than one ace up her sleeve. It was such a lovely morning. It didn’t need to be marred with such gloomy talk.</p>
<p>“It’ll work out fine, Nicolaus. Like it always does. You don’t need to worry about a thing.”</p>
<p>She smiled—a small, gentle smile. The first one with no careful calculation behind it in a while.</p>
</section>
</div>
</body>
</html>