<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Their Respective Nights</h1>

      <p>Just past evening that same day, in a guest room of Liselotte’s mansion in Amande. Duke Huguenot had finished his dinner and was listening to the captain of the elite guard, Raymond Brandt, give his report.</p>

      <p>“...The investigation squad didn’t return?” Duke Huguenot asked with a furrowed brow.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I believe something unforeseen must have happened,” Raymond reported with a pale face.</p>

      <p>“Something unforeseen? Did we not discuss forming an advance squad with our knights with a focus on fighting ability and mobility in order to deal with that?” Duke Huguenot asked detachedly.</p>

      <p>“It would mean that the dispatched squad encountered a difficulty not even they could deal with.”</p>

      <p>“Do you mean to say a higher number of monsters were lurking than expected?”</p>

      <p>“It is also possible that they simply had an accident...” Raymond said with difficulty. While the probability wasn’t zero, they were still knights that had undergone training. There was nothing more shameful than to have run into such trouble in the forest beside the city.</p>

      <p>“...Very well. You may leave. I will send a directive shortly,” Duke Huguenot ordered, sighing deeply.</p>

      <p>“Understood.” Raymond nodded with a stiff voice, then turned around. After a moment, the door swung shut.</p>

      <p>“It seems we really are lacking soldiers with military capability. That squad should have included Alphonse, too... So he really was incompetent.”</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot’s irritated voice echoed through the empty room.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, elsewhere in Liselotte’s mansion, Hiroaki was having after-dinner tea with Flora and Roanna in a guest living room separate to the guest bedrooms.</p>

      <p>“...” The usually talkative Hiroaki was drinking tea silently for some reason. Flora also seemed a little dazed, but she was never very chatty to begin with.</p>

      <p><em>It’s quiet...</em> Roanna quietly watched Hiroaki’s face, observing his vastly different behavior.</p>

      <p>“...Hah.” With his teacup in hand, Hiroaki let out a long-suffering sigh. He seemed to be clearly exhibiting the signs of worrying about something. However, Flora remained in her dazed state, unresponsive to how oddly Hiroaki was behaving.</p>

      <p><em>Princess Flora also seems listless. I wonder what’s gotten into her and Sir Hiroaki...</em></p>

      <p>Roanna was unable to stand the strange air in the room any longer. “Umm, Sir Hiroaki, is something the matter?” she asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“Hm? What?” Hiroaki replied in a rather curt voice. Roanna mustered her courage to speak up.</p>

      <p>“Umm, you don’t seem to be very happy. If there’s anything bothering you...”</p>

      <p>At that, even Flora finally noticed their conversation, turning her ear towards them.</p>

      <p>“Nah, it’s not that anything’s the matter...” Hiroaki said, shaking his head exaggeratedly. Contrary to his words, his attitude clearly showed something was wrong, so Roanna quietly waited for him to continue speaking.</p>

      <p>“Don’t you think Flora is acting weirder than me?” Hiroaki suddenly said, turning to Flora.</p>

      <p>“...Huh?” Taken aback, Flora’s body shook.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki watched her silently. “...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm, did I do something strange?” Flora cocked her head in confusion.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. So you’re not aware of it. Ever since we were attacked by the monsters, you’ve been restless, like your heart isn’t really in it,” Hiroaki said with slight displeasure. Roanna made a face of realization as something sprung to mind.</p>

      <p>“I-I don’t believe that’s true...” Flora shook her head with a frown.</p>

      <p>“Well, if that’s what you insist, then fine. It just seemed like that was the case to me, but what you say is probably right,” Hiroaki said sharply. The way he phrased it was enough for Flora to feel the need to confirm.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, what did I look like to you?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Well, as an example, you seem to be rather interested in that man. You were always watching his face, you know?” Hiroaki said, watching Flora’s reaction with a sidelong glance.</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm, by that man, you mean... Umm. Do you mean Sir Haruto?” she said hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. So you’re aware that the man I’m talking about is Haruto,” Hiraki said in an ill-tempered tone.</p>

      <p>“Huh? No... Umm, that’s...”</p>

      <p>Flora had no idea why Hiroaki would say such a thing. Being that she was raised as a princess, she was hardly pressed by others as it concerned her speech or actions; when combined with her natural disposition, she had no idea how to deal with it.</p>

      <p>“Princess Flora represents all of us, so she is probably troubled by how to properly express gratitude towards him for saving us from our predicament. There’s also the fact Duke Huguenot seems to be trying to scout him,” Roanna said immediately, supporting Flora.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I see. Is that true?” Hiroaki asked somewhat dubiously.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes,” Flora said, nodding awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Well, I suppose I can understand that much. But still, that Haruto... Don’t you think you’re all acting a little too excited about him?” Hiroaki said with skepticism.</p>

      <p>“That’s because you are so powerful. When your own position is so far above, it makes those surrounding you appear lower. For us regular people, he seems plenty amazing.” Roanna explained, complimenting Hiroaki in the same breath. If it were Flora, she probably wouldn’t have been able to make something up on the spot as cleverly.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I see... So that’s how it is. Well, in that case, I guess it can’t be helped.” Hiroaki’s pride was pleased to receive the praise, making him smirk.</p>

      <p><em>For Roanna’s sake I’ll quietly accept that for today,</em> he thought. However, he was still disappointed in Flora.</p>

      <p><em>Honestly, I can always count on Roanna to have a lively conversation. Flora’s cute, but there’s nothing beyond that.</em></p>

      <p>Hiroaki spent time with Flora and Roanna on a daily basis, so he already knew what their personalities were like. Flora could be summarized in one word: shy. To put it nicely, she was reserved... but if one chose to be harsh, you could say she was gloomy. She didn’t seem to be used to socializing with men, so she barely spoke when she was in the presence of the opposite gender. Even when she was with Hiroaki, who she knew fairly well by now, there were awkward silences at times.</p>

      <p>At the very least, she wasn’t the type of girl to aggressively pursue men. The fact that she assertively tried to talk to Haruto, despite that, didn’t sit right. He couldn’t help but feel unsatisfied that she was acting proactive towards the wrong person. He was thinking selfishly.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki didn’t seem to be aware of it himself, but contrary to his aspirations, he didn’t have the guts to go about forming human relations all that well by himself. That’s what made him both easy and difficult to handle at the same time.</p>

      <p>He was a spoiled and troublesome man.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Flora bid farewell to Hiroaki and Roanna once the conversation died down and returned to the guest bedroom she had been allocated. Liselotte’s attendants helped her prepare a bath and change of clothes, leaving her to flop onto the bed afterwards.</p>

      <p><em>...Was I really that strange today?</em></p>

      <p>She was bothered by what Hiroaki had pointed out earlier; he had said she was showing too much interest in Haruto, and seemed rather unhappy about it.</p>

      <p>However, it was an undeniable fact that she was interested in Haruto.</p>

      <p><em>Rio. Haruto. Their names are different. Their hair colors are different. He had acquaintances that he had been with for a long time. That’s why he should be a different person, and yet...</em></p>

      <p>She couldn’t help but overlap the sight of Haruto fighting the minotaur from behind and of Rio, who had fought the minotaur during the academy’s outdoor drill in order to save Flora.</p>

      <p>It was why she couldn’t help but stare at Haruto all day today. If the others around her found it strange, then it was possible that Haruto thought the same.</p>

      <p><em>Ugh, I’m so hopeless...</em></p>

      <p>Flora felt a strong sense of self-hatred. Her head was spinning, unable to keep up with her thoughts, but she continued to question herself.</p>

      <p><em>What do I even want to do about it, anyway? If Sir Haruto really is Rio, what would I do?</em></p>

      <p>She couldn’t possibly confirm it by asking him, but even if Haruto really was Rio, she doubted he would tell her the truth. After all, the Kingdom of Beltrum had once pushed a false accusation on Rio, then returned his favor with enmity instead. There was no taking back that sin.</p>

      <p><em>Do I apologize? What we did was something unforgivable, though...</em></p>

      <p>Did she really want him to forgive her? If so, it seemed far too convenient for her.</p>

      <p>“Nn...” Once she reached that conclusion, she hated herself even more than she had earlier. Her face twisted with tears.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>