<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter61">
    <div class="main">
      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>A short while ago, in a drawing room of Liselotte’s mansion...</p>

      <p>“...And that’s what happened. At present, the status of our knights is unknown, but it would be appropriate to assume that they have run into some kind of trouble,” Duke Huguenot explained. He’d requested an emergency audience with Liselotte to report how the dispatched knights had yet to return.</p>

      <p>“...I am sorry. I should have sent out personnel from my side too,” Liselotte apologized with a shamed expression.</p>

      <p>“No, I was the one who requested that the advance squad be formed from our knights. It’s hard to believe that a squad of twenty knights lacked the combat power for an initial investigation. If anything, one would normally consider it overkill.” Duke Huguenot shook his head with a bitter smile. Without an escort target to protect getting in the way, twenty knights was enough to take down a minotaur. He had sent them with that in mind. If that hadn’t been enough, then this could no longer be called anything but bad luck.</p>

      <p>“Even so...” Liselotte started to say something mournfully. However, Duke Huguenot lifted a hand to stop her.</p>

      <p>“It’s not confirmed that they were entirely wiped out, though I suppose it is hard to imagine that they’ve simply become lost wandering the forest. However, we should be considering what to do next. Do I have that right?” Duke Huguenot stated calmly.</p>

      <p>“...Yes. However, in the event that the worst has happened, I will provide the maximum compensation,” Liselotte said in a resolute voice after taking in a deep breath.</p>

      <p>“I apologize for being even more of a burden, but this is not an issue that should go unaddressed. We will do our best to resolve the situation. Let’s pull ourselves together.”</p>

      <p>“...I appreciate that. As much as I want to send a follow-up squad right away, if an unforeseen situation has happened to as many as twenty knights, I must be careful in selecting personnel.”</p>

      <p>It was no exaggeration to say that the title of a knight was proof that a human had obtained military ability of the highest degree. Certain powerful, leading figures who could use enchanted swords and run through the battlefield displaying their superhuman prowess by temporarily enhancing their physical abilities with magic or sorcery were merely exceptions.</p>

      <p>Of course, knights had differences in individual strength and squads had differences in experience, but there was no overlooking a formation of twenty knights being caught off guard.</p>

      <p>Thus, the squad to be sent next needed to be selected with more military power, either by increasing the overall quantity or raising the individual quality.</p>

      <p><em>If it’s come to this, I’ll have to send Aria,</em> Liselotte thought.</p>

      <p>Aria was the strongest subordinate she had. She normally kept Aria beside her as a guard, but she’d have to mobilize her in this situation.</p>

      <p>“If you do send one, make it after daybreak. At earliest, after the sun rises. There’s still the possibility they’ll suddenly make their way back in the morning. I would say noon would be latest to reach a conclusion, do you agree?” Duke Huguenot said with a contemplative look. While it was a little slow-paced, it would be reckless to enter the forest at night. If the search party ran into trouble, their efforts would be meaningless.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” Liselotte nodded immediately, having thought exactly the same.</p>

      <p>“However, I do believe most of the monsters were cleaned up in the earlier battle.”</p>

      <p>“...There were some monsters that fled back into the forest, but I don’t really want to consider that possibility. You mean to imply that there might be minotaurs left behind — is that correct?” Duke Huguenot and Liselotte frowned together.</p>

      <p>As an estimate, there were roughly several hundred monsters that attacked them earlier — a number no normal city would have in their vicinity even if they were all rounded up. On top of that, minotaurs weren’t commonly spotted monsters to begin with. For several of them to be lurking about made the situation far too irregular.</p>

      <p>“Perhaps. If I were to assume the worst case scenario, there could be more monsters than what appeared earlier still lurking. Although it’s not something I want to believe,” Duke Huguenot said bitterly. If that assumption were true, it would mean over a thousand monsters were hidden in the area surrounding Amande.</p>

      <p>Liselotte also nodded bitterly. “Agreed.” <em>If that many monsters were completely overlooked in the vicinity of the city, then it’s even stranger. But such preconceptions are what led us to the current situation anyway.</em> She scolded her own naivety.</p>

      <p>“I intend to send Aria out for this. I will also select several proficient attendants and soldiers and lend them enchanted swords.” She normally only allowed Aria to carry an enchanted sword, but she was going all-out this time.</p>

      <p>“Understood. I would like nothing more than to offer some of my knights, but...”</p>

      <p>“No, there is no need to mobilize any more of your knights for us. The next party shall be formed by my forces,” Liselotte said in an orderly manner. With twenty knights missing in the current situation, she couldn’t allow him to move any more of his personnel.</p>

      <p>Duke Huguenot nodded heavily and brought up Haruto, who would be most reliable after his great earlier performance. “I understand. Then may I suggest that you inquire if Haruto would be willing to lend his assistance?”</p>

      <p>“...It would be one thing to rely on an adventurer of Amande, but Sir Haruto is merely a commoner. Not to mention there are also women in his company...” Liselotte shook her head respectfully.</p>

      <p>“True, one would normally turn to adventurers for cases like this.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. But I will not be using adventurers this time. With such a high possibility of minotaurs still around, it’s possible the monsters might follow some kind of leadership like they did during the road attack. Preparations should be made in case Amande is attacked while short-handed.”</p>

      <p>The biology of monsters wasn’t well understood, but it was known that they swarmed around powerful individuals and moved under their leadership towards a target. The monsters that had attacked them on the road were clearly following some kind of leadership, so it was most likely that a minotaur or humanoid monster had been leading the horde.</p>

      <p>And if there really were minotaurs remaining, it was highly likely they would make planned movements, at worst placing the city in danger of attack. There were rarely any adventurers with skill on par with knights, but they were many in number. If the monsters attacked in droves, they would be a reliable source of combat power.</p>

      <p>“That is a most justified decision,” Duke Huguenot said, nodding worriedly.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, in the depths of the forest west of Amande, Lucius and Reiss were seated around a campfire. Surrounding them were countless dark-skinned revenants, standing silently. It made an extremely eerie sight.</p>

      <p>“The bodies recreated towards the end should be completely settled soon.” Reiss chuckled in satisfaction as he looked around at the revenants.</p>

      <p>“Good to hear... But the way they swarm around pisses me off. Put them away already,” Lucius demanded uneasily.</p>

      <p>“Oh? I would have liked to keep my new collection up for a little longer to gaze upon them.”</p>

      <p>“Hah, you really are a creepier bastard than I am.”</p>

      <p>Reiss grinned. “Why, that’s because they’re basically my children. But if you insist, then I suppose I have no choice,” he said, breathing a small sigh. The revenants standing around them immediately began to sink into the earth.</p>

      <p>“I can finally breathe again. Now I can have a good night’s rest, at least,” Lucius huffed through his nose in satisfaction.</p>

      <p>“The plan will be set in motion tomorrow morning, before the sun rises. Make sure you don’t sleep in.”</p>

      <p>“Hey, hey. Who do you think you’re talking to?”</p>

      <p>“I suppose you would never sleep in before a fight, hmm?” Reiss said with a chuckle.</p>

      <p>“If you’re going to worry about sleeping in, worry about our Alphonse, our newest member, over there. Right? Hey,” Lucius bantered lightly, looking over at the third person sitting by the fire to warm up. There sat a revenant with jet black skin far darker than the dark grey skin of the other revenants, silently watching on.</p>

      <p>“...Hmph. In that case. You. Should have let me. Go to Amande alone. And clean up. Everything. Before the other defectives. Settle in.” The jet black revenant named Alphonse huffed unhappily through his nose before boasting in a terribly ghastly voice.</p>

      <p>“Hahaha, what a revolting voice,” Lucius said lightly, mouth turned in a carefree grin.</p>

      <p>“This is the final form of the revenant. While it is notably more powerful and aggressive than the enhanced version, it’s all intellect and no reason, making it difficult to handle,” Reiss muttered tiredly.</p>

      <p>“But he’ll be of use in tomorrow’s attack, no?” Lucius asked, his mouth in a relaxed grin.</p>

      <p>Reiss nodded in exasperation. “Well, yes.”</p>

      <p><em>As a disposable pawn, anyway.</em> His mouth twisted faintly in a repulsive smile.</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s what it’s gonna be. We have high expectations of you, Alphonse,” Lucius said brightly, his smile completely hollow.</p>

      <p>The jet black revenant nodded, his reply disjointed. “Yeah. I’ll kill them. All. Of them.” Nothing but hatred swirled within those eyes that had lost all sense of reason.</p>

      <p>“Haha. How hopeless.”</p>

      <p>Lucius’ disgusted laugh echoed throughout the quiet forest.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>