<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue</h1>

      <p>Just what time was it? And where was this place?</p>

      <p>Miharu wondered vaguely in her drowsy consciousness.</p>

      <p>“Miharu.” Someone called her name.</p>

      <p><em>Ai-chan...</em> Yes, it was Aishia’s voice.</p>

      <p>Before she knew it, Aishia was standing before Miharu. Aishia stared at Miharu’s face closely. “Though it’s temporary, a connection between your soul and mine will be made because of the path formed. Is that all right?” she asked suddenly.</p>

      <p>“Umm, is there a problem with having connected souls?” Miharu’s mouth moved regardless of her own will to confirm nervously.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, this is a dream. From before we came to the village...</em> Miharu became aware that she was within her own dream, vividly reliving a past event.</p>

      <p>“Not particularly. Maybe the occasional empath moments?” Aishia answered with a tilt of her head.</p>

      <p>“Empath?”</p>

      <p>“Our minds may connect with each other.”</p>

      <p>“Umm, what will happen when it does?” Miharu couldn’t quite picture it in her head and sought a more specific explanation.</p>

      <p>“The other person’s mind and memories might be transmitted to you in some form. Like déjà vu. I’m able to intentionally create an empath effect if we’re in direct contact, but I can’t trigger it willingly from afar. It won’t happen often, either. And it’s uncontrollable. But it might happen when either one of us is feeling a strong emotion,” Aishia explained carefully for Miharu’s sake. While one would normally feel creeped out and dislike it, Miharu showed no reluctance at all, accepting the temporary path with Aishia.</p>

      <p>“That’s fine. Use my magic essence until Haruto returns.”</p>

      <p>“...Okay, thank you,” Aishia said.</p>

      <p>Thus, this was how Miharu and Aishia formed their temporary path. But why was she having a dream about it now? Miharu pondered with her drowsy mind, but she didn’t know. As she was thinking, her vision changed once more. A different dream seemed to be beginning.</p>

      <p><em>Who is that?</em> Miharu blinked in wonder. A black-haired mother and her similarly black-haired child of around five years old were happily walking in front of her with their hands linked. They seemed to be located in a city somewhere in Strahl.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Mom. Why do you and I have black hair? We’re the only ones different to the people around us.” The boy asked his mother curiously.</p>

      <p>“Well, you see, Rio. That’s because your father and I came here from far away, I think.” The mother answered the boy’s question with a troubled face.</p>

      <p><em>Rio? That’s... Haruto? And Haruto’s mother? She’s beautiful...</em> Once Miharu realized she was looking at a young Rio, she watched his mother in a daze.</p>

      <p>“Do all the people who live far away have black hair?” Rio asked curiously.</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s right. It’s not just you and me. Your father’s hair was black, your grandpa’s hair was black, and your grandma’s was as well,” his mother answered with a gentle smile.</p>

      <p>“Huh... I want to meet grandma and grandpa someday.” Rio watched his mother’s smile and grinned in return.</p>

      <p>“...Let’s see. I’ll take you to meet them once you’ve grown up. They’re in a place called the Yagumo region,” his mother said with yet another troubled smile.</p>

      <p>“Really? It’s a promise?”</p>

      <p>Rio’s smile was too innocent to turn down. “Yup, it’s a promise.” The woman gave a motherly smile and nodded with a voice filled with affection. It was a warm, beautiful day in the life of a parent and child.</p>

      <p>However, Miharu’s vision changed once again. There, the mother who had been holding Rio’s hand and walking mere moments ago, was being pinned down face-up by a well-built man.</p>

      <p>“Hey Rio, are you frustrated?” The man sneered with a chilling grin, his weapon pierced through the mother’s body. Young Rio cowered and cried as he reached for his mother in a daze.</p>

      <p><em>Uh...</em> Miharu couldn’t help but avert her gaze from the scene.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, a grown-up Rio stood right beside her. His hair was grey and he was wearing the outfit Miharu was used to seeing him in. Rio had his sword grasped tightly in his hand as he stared fixedly at the gruesome scene.</p>

      <p><em>Ah, H-Haruto... He shouldn’t look,</em> Miharu thought, but her mouth wouldn’t open.</p>

      <p>Rio paid no attention to Miharu’s presence, merely watching the tragedy with a terribly cold gaze. After a moment, Rio started walking towards the man.</p>

      <p>Miharu couldn’t tear her eyes away. She knew immediately what Rio was trying to do. In the next moment, Rio cut the man’s head off without a moment of hesitation.</p>

      <p><em>Ah!</em> That was where Miharu’s mind went drowsy again. Her consciousness was rapidly fading. When she opened her eyes in the morning, she might lose her memories of the dream.</p>

      <p><em>N-No, I can’t. Don’t wake up...</em> Miharu didn’t want to know such a sad story, but she didn’t want to forget, either. Her memory of this dream was something she thought shouldn’t be forgotten. She thought it was something she should look at straight-on, no matter how painful it was. Scared, sad, frustrated, and helpless, Miharu couldn’t do anything but embrace the Rio in her dreams.</p>

      <p>Her heart hurt... But that was when the door to her memories slammed shut heavily. Miharu’s mind finally faded away...</p>

      <p>And dawn broke.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>