<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 7</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Interlude: Meanwhile, in the Proxia Empire</h1>

      <p>The Proxia Empire was a military superpower located north of the Strahl region. It boasted a large land size and bordered the Beltrum Kingdom to the south, which was shaped longer horizontally, whereas the Galarc Kingdom to the southeast was shaped longer vertically.</p>

      <p>However, while its landsize was comparable to its vast military prowess, the Proxia Empire was, in actuality, an extremely young country established merely 40 years ago.</p>

      <p>The founding emperor, Nidoll, was a former orphan born to a small and impoverished kingdom. Once he grew up and started working as a mercenary, he made a name for himself with his unparalleled fighting ability. After seizing sovereignty of the small kingdom he belonged to, he formed the Proxia Empire.</p>

      <p>The lands to the north of the Strahl region had once been known as warring countries, high in number and small in size. Led by Nidoll, the Proxia Empire army stormed them one after another and expanded its land size in the blink of an eye. At the center of their military force were the elite demi-dragon knights, a squad formed of low ranked demi-dragons including winged lizards and lizard runners. They made use of the demi-dragons’ mobility to specialize in blitzkrieg-like attacks and capture over twenty small countries to date.</p>

      <p>However, the strongest warrior that supported the Proxia Empire was not in the demi-dragon knights. The strongest person in the empire, both past and present, was the founding emperor — Nidoll Proxia.</p>

      <p>Even in his sixties, Nidoll’s physical body showed no sign of old age; his enormous frame was still as hard as a boulder and fighting prowess as tremendous as ever, leaving both his own country and other countries in fear. Word of Nidoll’s military exploits had traveled wide and far throughout Strahl, making him undoubtedly the strongest in the entire region.</p>

      <p>At present, somewhere in the imperial capital of the Proxia Empire, Nidgard, Nidoll stood on the wide balcony of the towering imperial castle, idly looking down at the cityscape of the capital below. While the area would normally be forbidden to even the nobles of the imperial court, from behind Nidoll spoke a friendly male voice.</p>

      <p>“Yo, Nidoll. How’s it going?”</p>

      <p>“Bored,” Nidoll replied listlessly. He didn’t bother to turn around, showing no interest in the man talking to him.</p>

      <p>The young man was wearing the outfit of a soldier. His body was clad in high-quality combat clothes, and there was a sword hanging from his waist, but he showed none of the proper mannerisms of a knight.</p>

      <p>“Ha. You’re always looking so damn depressed. Are you that restless for war? Actually, I’ve just been preparing an interesting stage for you to take part in,” the man said with a sneer.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. My tastes don’t match yours. I’m not interested,” Nidoll answered with a huff.</p>

      <p>The man shrugged his shoulders with a sigh. “Yeah, yeah. Stubborn as usual, I see. That aside, what are you gonna do? What about Beltrum? Though I’m not involved over there.”</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t care less about that kingdom,” Nidoll stated bluntly.</p>

      <p>“Now now, you shouldn’t be like that. It wouldn’t be fun if the Arbor faction fell now.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about that. As a sign of friendship and reassurance, I’ve sent an official goodwill ambassador. Nothing will come of their internal conflicts.”</p>

      <p>“Hah. You sure went out of your way for a kingdom that’ll fall sooner or later.” Contrary to his words, the man gave a pleasant smile.</p>

      <p>“I suppose we do agree there,” Nidoll said, huffing with a grin.</p>

      <p>“Right. I guess I’ll be making my way back to the kingdom of Paladia now.” With nothing more to say, the man made to turn on his heel and leave, when another man’s voice rang through the terrace.</p>

      <p>“Please wait a moment.”</p>

      <p>“Ah? Well, if it ain’t Reiss,” the man turned back and said. There, standing before him, was the man in question.</p>

      <p>“I’ve been searching for you, Mr. Lucius,” Reiss said, grinning with an emotionless smile.</p>

      <p>“Hah, and you always seem to show up at the most convenient time for yourself,” Lucius said with a sneer.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>