<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Yes, though there’s no way to be certain... Aishia actually defeated that skeleton knight back then. We wondered if Reiss died in that battle, but...”</p>

      <p>“Considering there was no enchanted gem left behind back then—and the reappearance of the same knight now—he may still be alive?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“I see... But to think that a giant like that could be defeated alone... It seems I’ll never cease to be surprised.”</p>

      <p>Francois had only watched things take place from the ground, but the menacing sight of the Hero Killer Draugul had been burned into his eyes. He had seen how it flew around unaffected by the intermediate and high grade spells, so he was amazed that Aishia had defeated it alone.</p>

      <p>“Spirit girl—Aishia. I wish to ask you a question,” he said to Aishia.</p>

      <p>“What...would you like to ask?”</p>

      <p>Aishia replied plainly at first, then added more polite words to show respect for the king.</p>

      <p>“In your eyes, how strong was that skeleton knight?”</p>

      <p>“He had tough defenses. But once I got past that, he wasn’t too hard to defeat.”</p>

      <p>“The people gathered here are strong enough to represent their respective nations. How would they compare to him?”</p>

      <p>“In a one-on-one battle, no one here would fall behind in terms of overall strength. They might not be able to defeat him without breaking through his defenses, but that doesn’t mean they’d lose.”</p>

      <p>“I see. In that case, it would be best for someone to act as a decoy while another prepares a powerful magic spell to break through. What do you think of this strategy?”</p>

      <p>“That would be the best option if you were taking him on in a group. However, if your attacks were ineffective, it might be difficult to stop him from rampaging about. He’s highly mobile, so it’d be a challenge to hit him from afar. You’d have to be careful there.”</p>

      <p>“It sounds difficult, but now I can adjust our training regime in preparation for future monsters like him. Thank you for the valuable opinion.”</p>

      <p>“Sure thing... I mean, you’re welcome.”</p>

      <p>“Incidentally—I know you defeated it by yourself, but how would Haruto have fared?”</p>

      <p>Francois knew that Rio was strong, but he didn’t have an exact image in his head. He figured this was a good chance to ask about it.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Aishia looked at Rio to check if she was allowed to answer. Rio nodded to convey that he didn’t mind.</p>

      <p>“It wouldn’t be a problem for Haruto. He could even take on multiple at once.”</p>

      <p>“Multiple at once... Ha ha ha! No, I apologize. I should have guessed, but he truly is a remarkable man. It seems I underestimated you yet again,” Francois said to Rio cheerfully. First the King’s Sword Alfred, the strongest man of the Beltrum Kingdom, then Lucius, the veteran commander of the Heavenly Lions. The boy named Amakawa Haruto had overcome such influential figures to prove himself. And now he had defeated a beast of even greater size.</p>

      <p>He had known that Rio was stronger than those renowned across the world, but it was clear that there was still no limit to his strength.</p>

      <p>“I have one more question, spirit girl. If that skeleton knight were to fight the beast of the land, who would win?”</p>

      <p>“The beast of the land.”</p>

      <p>“An immediate reply, hmm?”</p>

      <p>“Not even an army of skeleton knights could take on the beast of the land. The most they could do is buy time.”</p>

      <p>“I see. The beast of the land must be quite the monster. I can see why Haruto is wary of the Saint’s survival,” Francois said, sighing tiredly. He then turned to Rio. “According to your report, it seemed like the Saint was in control of the beast. And it’s possible the beast is a spirit, you said?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve learned a lot over the course of defending the castle from this incident. Things about spirits, and things about spirit arts. Lady Sara explained how the power hidden in the Divine Arms closely resembles the phenomenon of spirit arts.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed,” Sara confirmed.</p>

      <p>“If the beast of the land is a divine beast summoned and controlled through the Saint’s hero powers, would it be correct to assume Lady Satsuki could do the same?”</p>

      <p>“I considered that possibility as well...”</p>

      <p>Rio looked at Sara and Orphia’s faces, nodding together. The two had the same thought after hearing Rio’s report earlier. Their gazes all gathered on Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“Wait, what? I don’t know how to summon such a scary-sounding beast!” Satsuki protested in confusion.</p>

      <p>“What about Sir Hiroaki, Princess Christina?” Francois asked Christina, the representative of another organization with a hero.</p>

      <p>“Such a thing has never been mentioned to me...”</p>

      <p>“In that case, we cannot say for sure whether it is a hero ability. Even if the beast of the land is a spirit, the Saint may have formed a contract unrelated to her powers as hero, no?” Francois asked, turning back to Rio.</p>

      <p>“I doubt it’s truly a spirit, but the possibility exists.” “Why do you doubt it?”</p>

      <p>“As I said earlier, spirits can sense the presences of other spirits. Aishia said the beast of the land felt similar, but fundamentally different from a spirit’s presence.”</p>

      <p>“Right...”</p>

      <p>“Besides, a spirit with that much power should be humanoid in shape.”</p>

      <p><em>Isn’t that right?</em> Rio looked at Sara and Orphia to confirm. As spirit folk, they knew more about spirits than he did.</p>

      <p>“Yes, that should be the case... But there are people more knowledgeable than us about spirits, so Orphia and I will find the time to go ask them about it,” Sara offered. She was probably referring to the elders of her village.</p>

      <p>“I see... Then I shall leave the investigation of that matter to you,” Francois agreed.</p>

      <p>“There’s one thing I’d like to check too...” Rio started, raising his hand.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Has there been any record of a beast like that appearing in the literature about heroes?”</p>

      <p>“There’s no such mention in any of the sacred scriptures or apocrypha. I also had all the pseudepigrapha searched through after Lady Satsuki was summoned, but the possibility still exists. I’ll have them investigated once more.”</p>

      <p>Firstly, sacred scriptures were scriptures that were personally inscribed by the Six Wise Gods and transmitted widely until the present. They contained accounts of the Six Wise Gods and the heroes, as well as an extremely simplified history of the Divine War. Rio had seen them in person at the Royal Academy, but their contents were abstract and the texts themselves were very short.</p>

      <p>Additionally, apocrypha were the supplementary texts that kingdoms produced to explain the abstract contents of the sacred scriptures. The religious belief in the Six Wise Gods was controlled by the royal families of each kingdom, so they usually recorded the origin of the royal family and other matters convenient to the ruling class. They also included additional descriptions where necessary.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, because the apocrypha were different for every kingdom, wars had previously occurred over their contents. Thus, there was now a diplomatic and unspoken understanding that no kingdom would interfere with the apocrypha of another.</p>

      <p>Finally, pseudepigrapha were the supplementary texts written by civilians without the approval of the kingdom. They weren’t treated as heresy just for being written without approval, but the authors would be punished if they wrote anything inconvenient for the kingdom. Thus, most pseudepigrapha were written anonymously and released in single volumes, with very few in circulation. They were referred to as pseudepigrapha for their lack of credibility.</p>

      <p>In short, apocrypha were the texts produced by the kingdom, while pseudepigrapha were the texts created by civilians. If Hiroaki were here right now, he’d probably call both a type of historical fantasy novel.</p>

      <p>“There aren’t that many in our possession, but I’ll ask the Restoration to search through the pseudepigrapha in Rodania as well,” Christina chimed in, offering her assistance.</p>

      <p>“That would be helpful,” Francois said, nodding. “Now, I would like some time to organize my thoughts. If there’s nothing else to discuss, let’s call it a day.”</p>

      <p>He tried to wrap up the discussions for the day, when—</p>

      <p>“Umm, this might not be the place to ask, but I do have a matter that should probably be approved by the king as well.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki raised her hand.</p>

      <p>“What is it, Lady Satsuki?” Francois asked.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to ask Haruto for a favor,” she said, turning to look at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Yes...?” Rio looked puzzled, having no idea what Satsuki could want from him.</p>

      <p>“You mentioned how the Divine Arms’ abilities are extremely similar to spirit arts. I’d like you to give me proper instruction on how to use my powers.”</p>

      <p>“Are you saying that because you want to become stronger?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I... I want to be stronger.”</p>

      <p>“May I ask why?”</p>

      <p>With the beast of the land in mind, Rio had been thinking of explaining the existence of spirits to Francois and asking for his permission to seek Satsuki’s assistance anyway. Thus, this development was most welcome to him—but that was only if he considered himself. He still wanted to know how serious Satsuki was and what she was thinking.</p>

      <p>Besides, there was also the issue of what the Galarc King thought about Satsuki’s pursuit of greater power.</p>

      <p>“I was frustrated. When this mansion was being raided by the attackers, everyone else was fighting while I hid somewhere safe... I joined the fight eventually, but I was only able to watch on when the skeleton monster appeared. That’s why I want to become stronger. I want to be able to fight with everyone when something happens.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki laid bare the feelings in her heart. All that was left was to confirm Francois’s intentions.</p>

      <p>“Practically speaking, will your instruction in spirit arts actually draw out the abilities of Lady Satsuki’s Divine Arms?” Francois asked Rio.</p>

      <p>“Yes... I’ve given her some simple advice before, and that was enough for her to show visible improvement. If I were to teach her properly, she would probably improve far more dramatically.”</p>

      <p>“I see... In that case, I would like to make the same request. Would you be able to provide proper instruction to Lady Satsuki?”</p>

      <p>“After fighting the beast of the land, I was hoping to ask Satsuki for her help in finding out more about Divine Arms anyway. It would be my pleasure to accept.” Rio placed his right hand over his chest respectfully.</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided. You may use the rear garden of the castle if you so wish, but if you would prefer to train somewhere out of sight, then you may leave the castle as well.”</p>

      <p>“I can leave the castle?”</p>

      <p>Satsuki’s eyes widened. Although it was for the sake of training, the others also showed signs of surprise to hear that she was allowed to leave so easily.</p>

      <p>“You’ve never been prohibited from leaving in the first place, no? I would express my disapproval if the situation were unfavorable, but that doesn’t apply to cases where you have a proper reason for going out and understand the risks.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s true...”</p>

      <p>“I thought I had made my trust in you clear. I would prefer it if you informed me of your plans before leaving, but I won’t oppose your outings if Haruto is accompanying you. You may arrange the details with Charlotte later.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, please do.” Charlotte nodded happily. It was clear from her expression that she was hoping to take advantage of the opportunity and leave as well.</p>

      <p>“Then let us end talks for real this time. I’m sure the Cretia family has much to discuss. Please lend them a room in the mansion to catch up with each other,” Francois said to Rio and Charlotte, showing consideration for the family that probably wanted to have a proper reunion in private.</p>

      <p>“Then allow me to show you to a spare drawing room. Princess Christina, Princess Flora, please remain here. Will that be acceptable, Sir Haruto?” Rio owned the house, so Charlotte sought his permission.</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>And so, the group dispersed.</p>

      <p>“I will return to the castle first. Charlotte, come see me in my office after you’re done showing them to the room.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>“And Haruto, may I ask you to escort me there?” Francois asked, getting up from his seat. He had his own personal guards, so he usually didn’t ask Rio for an escort.</p>

      <p>“Sure... Gladly.”</p>

      <p>The unusual request caught Rio off guard, but he agreed quickly with a smile.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>After Francois left the mansion, he ordered his usual guards to follow from a distance. Thus, he and Rio began making their way to the castle.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t say this earlier, but there’s something else I’d like to share with you,” he said abruptly to Rio, who was walking diagonally behind him.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Before I do, I’d like you to keep what I’m about to tell you a secret from Lady Satsuki. I do not wish to give her needless worry over an uncertainty. Understood?”</p>

      <p>“I understand.” Rio had figured there was something else Francois wanted to discuss privately from the moment he asked for an escort, but it seemed to be a heavy topic.</p>

      <p>“A thought came to mind when you mentioned the Saint might still be alive. Could it be that heroes cannot die? Or at least not to a sword through the heart.”</p>

      <p>“Why do you think that...?”</p>

      <p>“When Lady Satsuki was summoned, I had all the pseudepigrapha in the kingdom gathered. One of them stated that the heroes were tenacious with bodies that seemed immortal. I recalled that when you mentioned it.”</p>

      <p>“Immortal, you say? In the unaging, undying way?” Rio was taken aback by the fantastical terminology.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. However, at the end of the day, the source is a pseudepigraphon written by an unknown author. I dismissed it for the lack of credibility, but your fears reminded me of the text.”</p>

      <p>“In other words, you believe the Saint might still be alive, Your Majesty?”</p>

      <p>“Who knows? It is hard for me to believe that someone can survive a sword through the heart. And if the heroes were truly immortal, the ones that fought in the Divine War should still be alive now.”</p>

      <p>If immortality meant eternal life, then they wouldn’t be able to die of old age.</p>

      <p>“No one knows what happened to the heroes of that time, right?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>Such as where they died, or where they went.</p>

      <p>“There are folklores of the heroes establishing the kingdoms, but there are no specific details of what happened to the heroes after the Divine War in any of the ancient texts.”</p>

      <p><em>If they vanished after the war, is it possible they returned to their original world?</em></p>

      <p>Rio thought in his head.</p>

      <p>“It’s strange how there’s no record of what happened to the key figures of the Divine War... Is it possible for me to view these ancient texts as well?” he asked, seeking permission to read the apocrypha and pseudepigrapha. He was unlikely to find an answer to the aftermath of the heroes, but it was possible he could discover something new. Pseudepigrapha in particular were texts that kingdoms didn’t want to be seen, so they weren’t available for everyone to view.</p>

      <p>“Very well.” Rio received permission without any resistance from the king.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>“Of course. It has to do with the reason why I summoned you here like this.”</p>

      <p>“By which you mean...?”</p>

      <p>“It has to do with the heroes’ powers. There were many anecdotes of the heroes in the pseudepigrapha, but it is difficult to determine what is true or not due to the abstract nature of the ancient scriptures. Immortality is one such example—I shouldn’t utter this even as a joke, but I don’t suppose you’d be willing to stab Lady Satsuki to confirm?”</p>

      <p>“No...” Rio shook his head, gulping.</p>

      <p>“Your instruction may awaken the power sleeping within Lady Satsuki. I fear the control of a monster like the beast of the land and the possession of an immortal body might be too much for a young girl to bear. It is enough to destroy a human’s heart.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“Lady Satsuki is smart, honest, and possesses a strange charm that draws others to her. However, she is only a normal girl. At least, that is how I see her. What are your thoughts on this?”</p>

      <p>“I feel the same way.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, I make this request of you as a man. I’d like you to guide her as necessary so that she isn’t swallowed if her power grows to be too much. Can you do that for me?” Francois stopped walking and turned around to face Rio.</p>

      <p>“Is it... Is it something I can do?” It was an important role. Rio couldn’t agree to it without due consideration.</p>

      <p>“I believe you can. You too have far more power than a single person can bear, yet you haven’t been swallowed by it. You didn’t accept my request immediately, and I wish to entrust this to you precisely because of that.”</p>

      <p>“I understand...”</p>

      <p>“I’m counting on you.”</p>

      <p>Seeing Rio nod politely, Francois bowed his head deeply in return. While they were talking, they had arrived right before the front entrance of the castle.</p>

      <p>“We’ve arrived at the castle. Accompany me for a while longer.”</p>

      <p>It seemed Francois wasn’t done speaking; he walked into the castle without waiting for Rio’s response. As the king, Francois stood out even at the best of times, and Haruto Amakawa was the hottest topic nowadays. They attracted much attention as they walked through the castle together, eventually reaching Francois’s office.</p>

      <p>“Go on, have a seat.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you.” Rio sat down on the lower seat that Francois, who had sat down first, offered.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Francois nodded in silence for a moment. Rather than being undecided on a topic, it seemed he was hesitating over how to approach the topic he had in mind.</p>

      <p>Time passed like that until Charlotte arrived at the office. “Excuse me.”</p>

      <p>Francois gave her permission to enter the room.</p>

      <p>“That was rather fast,” he said in slight surprise. Only a minute had passed since they sat down.</p>

      <p>“I had a feeling there was something very interesting to be discussed, so I entrusted Princess Christina and Princess Flora to Lady Celia.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Well, have a seat.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you.”</p>

      <p>With an eager and cheery reply, Charlotte sat right beside Rio on the three-seater sofa. She was practically clinging to him.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>They weren’t even betrothed. No, even if they were betrothed, doing such a thing in front of her father, King Francois, was somewhat troubling. Very troubling. Rio casually shifted to the side to gain some distance from Charlotte, but she merely shifted over to fill that gap.</p>

      <p>If he moved aside any farther, his actions would be seen as unnatural to Francois, who was seated across from them. Rio gave up on distancing himself further.</p>

      <p>“Heheh.” Charlotte smiled impishly.</p>

      <p>“Hm...” Francois watched the two of them curiously, but eventually began to speak. “I have some questions about the existence of spirits and spirit arts. Lady Sara and her friends gave me a brief explanation of the topic while you were absent. I searched through ancient texts afterwards and found mentions of casters of such techniques existing in the Strahl region in the past.”</p>

      <p>Rio pulled himself together and answered through feigned composure. “Yes, though the techniques have been lost from Strahl for a long time. I’ve barely encountered any spirit art users throughout my travels of the Strahl region.”</p>

      <p>“Barely, meaning there has been at least one?”</p>

      <p>“That would be Reiss.”</p>

      <p>“I see... I think I can understand the reason why spirit arts became obsolete in Strahl: because sorcery and magic are the miracles given to mankind by the Six Wise Gods. Worship of the gods would have prioritized sorcery and magic over spirit arts. And if magic is easier to learn than spirit arts, it would be more convenient to use for military purposes as well.”</p>

      <p>“It is exactly as you say.”</p>

      <p>“However, there is a group of people who have passed down the use of spirit arts to the modern era.”</p>

      <p>Francois paused, staring closely at Rio seated opposite him. “You are one of them,” he said, stressing his words.</p>

      <p>“Yes...”</p>

      <p>“It seemed that the Yagumo nations we were once connected with had no knowledge of the Six Wise Gods and used no sorcery or magic. Instead, they had techniques that were similar to spirit arts. The ancient texts also said that elves, dwarves, and werebeast species excelled at such techniques.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>At first, Rio couldn’t see the point of the conversation, or why Charlotte had been summoned to sit in on it, but now he had an idea of what Francois was getting at.</p>

      <p>“That was when I wondered—could Lady Sara and Gouki’s groups all hail from outside the Strahl region?”</p>

      <p>He had just discovered that users of the lost art of the Strahl region had gathered around Rio in droves. Someone as wise as Francois would naturally consider that possibility. Charlotte seemed to be similarly intrigued about it, as she looked up at Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“You need not answer if you do not wish to do so.”</p>

      <p>Just as Rio was about to answer, Francois spoke over him.</p>

      <p>“No, it is as you have guessed. Everyone originally lived outside of the Strahl region.”</p>

      <p>He had deduced this much already. Rio didn’t attempt to cover up the truth. He had trust in Francois and Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“As I expected... In that case, will you tell me about your relationship to the Saga couple?”</p>

      <p>This was the true question that Francois wanted to ask Rio. A couple old enough to be his parents was treating him with deep loyalty. It was impossible for it not to pique interest.</p>

      <p>“The circumstances are a little complicated. I’m afraid I must ask that you keep this an absolute secret.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Just to confirm, is it something that Charlotte may listen to? My daughter’s at that age where she’s brimming with curiosity. I invited her to sit in on this conversation as she would only probe around if I tried to hide it from her.”</p>

      <p>“It was my intention to explain things to Your Majesty and Princess Charlotte anyway. I also wish to inform Satsuki, so I’ll talk to her again later.”</p>

      <p>“Very well. Make sure you keep this confidential, Charlotte.”</p>

      <p>“Of course,” Charlotte agreed in a truly pleased voice.</p>

      <p>“Firstly, my parents are immigrants from the Yagumo region...”</p>

      <p>And so, Rio disclosed his relationship with Gouki and Kayoko, and the circumstances of his parents. The explanation took several minutes. He had already explained it once to Miharu and Celia, so he was used to talking about it.</p>

      <p>“I wondered if there were special circumstances surrounding your identity, but I hadn’t expected royal blood...” It was certainly a shocking revelation. Francois sighed heavily to suppress his surprise.</p>

      <p>Rio raised his hand, seeking permission to speak. “Your Majesty. May I ask one more thing?”</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“There are more than ten others that traveled to the Strahl region with Gouki. I’d like to invite them into my mansion. Would that be an issue?”</p>

      <p>“That mansion belongs to you. You are free to invite whoever you wish.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>Rio bowed at the approval that was readily granted.</p>

      <p>“Why not just make them your vassals?” Francois suggested. “That complies with their own desires, does it not?”</p>

      <p>“That’s...”</p>

      <p>“I understand you do not want that. However, I plan on rewarding them for their meritorious deed in defeating the giant skeleton. If you have any intention of employing them as vassals, I can bestow on with the rank of an honorary knight. That will make their lives far more comfortable if they are to live in the castle—something which you should know well yourself, no? Well, you can discuss this with them.”</p>

      <p>Rio paused, then nodded stiffly. “I understand...”</p>

      <p>“And that just leaves... Right. There’s something I wished to ask you. Charlotte, you may excuse yourself first.” Francois suddenly changed the topic.</p>

      <p>“All right...” Despite her confusion, Charlotte stood up and exited the room. The door clicked closed behind her. Just what were they about to discuss?</p>

      <p>“Do you have any interest in marriage with Lady Satsuki or Charlotte, or perhaps both?”</p>

      <p>Rio fell speechless, freezing for a long moment. He eventually snapped back to his senses and squeezed out the words, “Surely you jest.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Well, just keep it in mind.” Francois smiled suggestively.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio couldn’t reply.</p>

      <p>“You may return to the mansion now. Please instruct Lady Satsuki well.”</p>

      <p>With those final words, Francois showed Rio to the door.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>“Please excuse me.” Rio left Francois’s office.</p>

      <p>“I was waiting for you, Sir Haruto. That was quick.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte was waiting outside, beaming from ear to ear.</p>

      <p>“Yes... It was just a brief question.” He refused to inform her that he had been offered her hand in marriage.</p>

      <p>“What did you talk about?”</p>

      <p>“You’ll have to ask His Majesty...”</p>

      <p>Charlotte held her curiosity to the forefront, stepping forward forcefully. Rio faltered for a reaction.</p>

      <p>“Ahem.” A light cough resounded. There was a middle-aged noble standing a short distance away from Charlotte. This man was the head of the second major duke family in the Galarc Kingdom, on par with the Cretia family—Clement Gregory.</p>

      <p>“Oh my, I almost forgot you were there, Duke Gregory. If it’s my father you’re after, he’s still in his office. Why don’t you go inside?” Charlotte asked.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to have a word with that man too,” Gregory said, glaring at Rio. Even to a bystander, it was clear he felt animosity towards Rio.</p>

      <p>“How can I help you?” Rio had greeted Duke Gregory briefly during the banquet. He hadn’t felt any particular hostility back then.</p>

      <p>“Sir Haruto has just returned from a long journey,” Charlotte interrupted in an annoyed tone. “He’s very tired, so could you please keep it brief?”</p>

      <p>“Then, Sir Amakawa. Where were you during such an important time? The Heavenly Lions attacked the castle in your absence. It seemed their attack was focused around your mansion, but what is your relation to them?”</p>

      <p>Duke Gregory rapidly began interrogating Rio, though it would be of no surprise coming from the head of a duke family. Despite being in the Second Princess Charlotte’s presence, he wasn’t about to read the room and back down easily. His position allowed for that.</p>

      <p>“I...”</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, Duke Gregory.” Charlotte cut in before Rio could reply. Her expression was cheerful, but the gaze she turned to Gregory was cold.</p>

      <p>“This topic has already been discussed with my father. Sir Haruto was out on a mission to rescue Liselotte. He’s just returned from fulfilling that mission. Someone as quick-eared as you should be aware that Liselotte has returned, no?” she stated.</p>

      <p>“So it was you...” Duke Gregory looked discontent that Rio had gained another achievement to his name.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Without saying another word, Charlotte knocked on the door to the office. She forcibly ordered the knight guarding the door to open it. “Open up.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>“Father, Duke Gregory has come to pay you a visit.” She waved Duke Gregory into Francois’s office.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>