<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: A New Match</h1>

      <p>The problem occurred two days after they began training. Precisely speaking, it happened just as they were about to board the carriage outside the mansion.</p>

      <p>“Halt! Sir Amakawa! Is Sir Amakawa present?” a voice called across the garden of the mansion. It was Clement Gregory. He was accompanied by dozens of nobles—members of his faction, most likely.</p>

      <p>Out of the people present, the one who knew Duke Gregory the best was Princess Charlotte, followed by Rio and Satsuki who knew his face. Everyone else made confused faces, unaware of who he was.</p>

      <p>Having been designated by name, Rio had no choice but to reply. But before he could do so, Charlotte stepped forward in his place.</p>

      <p>“What do you want, Duke Gregory? Visiting without an appointment like this. I believe my father has forbidden anyone from entering Sir Haruto’s property without permission.”</p>

      <p><em>Which I know you are well aware of, </em>Charlotte’s fed-up tone clearly implied.</p>

      <p>“That is why I’m waiting outside the mansion like this.”</p>

      <p>It was a ridiculous technicality, but Duke Gregory seemed to feel no guilt about it.</p>

      <p><em>So he knew we planned on leaving and decided to ambush us like this.</em></p>

      <p>It was hard to believe someone on the inside had leaked their schedule. They had probably seen them leave the mansion at this time yesterday and assumed they would do the same today. Charlotte instantly deduced that in her head.</p>

      <p><em>It’s an annoyance, but this may be a good chance.</em></p>

      <p>Despite her annoyed sigh, she started devising a delightful plan in her head. It was about time this duke was taught a lesson.</p>

      <p>“Even then, this is too insolent of you. Marching here in such great numbers without a prior appointment,” Charlotte protested unhappily.</p>

      <p>“My apologies. However, this is a matter that involves the kingdom and the great hero, which I just could not leave unresolved,” Clement replied in a dramatic tone.</p>

      <p>“Is that really all you’re after, coming here in droves?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>Rio and the others watched their exchange in silence. At this point, the first impression of those without any knowledge of Duke Gregory wasn’t looking too great.</p>

      <p>Just then—</p>

      <p>“What is the meaning of this commotion?”</p>

      <p>Francois arrived.</p>

      <p>“Your Majesty.” Duke Gregory and his men bowed their heads respectfully, but Charlotte didn’t miss the smile on his face.</p>

      <p><em>He’s prepared for Father’s arrival. It seems like all the pieces are in place.</em></p>

      <p>A large group had been waiting outside a mansion they were forbidden from entering. Naturally, Francois had been alerted of the situation immediately—even before Rio and the others noticed. In other words, this development was exactly what Duke Gregory wanted.</p>

      <p>Like Charlotte, Francois could see through Gregory’s intentions easily. He addressed him undauntedly. “Answer my question.”</p>

      <p>“I wish to make a direct appeal to Your Majesty with regards to a matter regarding the kingdom and the great hero. It involved Sir Amakawa and Duke Cretia as well.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve heard that Sir Amakawa is currently serving as the hero’s instructor.”</p>

      <p>Duke Gregory faced Francois without fear.</p>

      <p>“What about it?”</p>

      <p>“The truth is, there are many people who are unhappy about it. Can Sir Amakawa really serve as the hero’s instructor properly?” Duke Gregory looked at Rio with suspicion. It wasn’t very commendable, but using inflammatory speech to rile the opponent up was the oldest negotiation trick in the book. However, it was a method that only worked when the opponent was of equal or lower status. In a situation with Francois and Satsuki, who were clearly above him in status, Duke Gregory’s success depended on his skill and Rio’s reaction.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Rio accepted the words with a straight face. Meanwhile, the people around him felt antipathy at the words just now. It showed considerably on the faces of some of them.</p>

      <p>“You witnessed Haruto’s abilities yourself at the night of the banquet, did you not? Why do you feel he is unworthy?”</p>

      <p>“I won’t deny he has the ability. But isn’t he too young to be an instructor? I hear he is even younger than the hero.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. That’s true. Come to think of it, you’re only sixteen, aren’t you Haruto? I forget myself sometimes.”</p>

      <p>Francois’s eyes widened faintly before he let out a hearty laugh. Rio frowned at his reaction.</p>

      <p>“It isn’t a laughing matter. For the sake of the kingdom, a proper and worthy instructor should be appointed to guide the great hero. Someone like this is...” Duke Gregory made his claim in an indignant, emotional tone.</p>

      <p>“Is what?” Francois asked calmly.</p>

      <p>“Frankly speaking, I don’t think he is to be trusted.”</p>

      <p>“Wha—?” Satsuki was unable to suppress her anger any longer. She spoke out angrily, glaring at Duke Gregory with her brows furrowed. “You don’t even know where he’s from! Just because he’s done a few good deeds—”</p>

      <p>“Well, if you ask me, I find you much less trustworthy,” Satsuki snapped without any hesitation, interrupting Duke Gregory’s words.</p>

      <p>“What... H-How rude! I am a duke! You may be a hero, but that is uncalled for!”</p>

      <p>After being taken aback, Duke Gregory expressed indignation.</p>

      <p>“Aren’t you the one being rude to Haruto, the honorary knight? Just coming here in such a large group is rude enough to begin with.”</p>

      <p>“That is because our dissatisfaction has reached the limit. I understand he has made meritorious achievements, but you’ve bestowed on him a royal mansion within the castle and given him free rein to do as he pleases. He’s invited an unknown group of armed people onto the castle grounds, and keeps taking the hero outside the castle without proper guards.”</p>

      <p>The unknown group of armed people Gregory referred to was probably Gouki’s group. Perhaps Sara’s group was included as well. In reality, Duke Gregory glanced at them as he voiced his concerns.</p>

      <p>“The attack that occurred the other day was only repelled thanks to the efforts of those present here,” Francois pointed out in defense of the group.</p>

      <p>“But that attack was aimed at Sir Amakawa in the first place, was it not? Those men were clearly targeting this mansion.”</p>

      <p>It seemed they weren’t making a fuss here for no reason. They had prepared plenty of material against Rio. Duke Gregory didn’t back down easily and continued to blame Rio.</p>

      <p>“That hasn’t been confirmed as fact. And I believe you’re deviating off topic, no?”</p>

      <p>Duke Gregory’s original point in question was whether Rio was worthy of being Satsuki’s instructor.</p>

      <p>“It’s very much related. The point is that someone of unknown background cannot be entrusted with instructing the great hero. Is there a need to leave the castle just to train? Unless you can explain exactly what you are doing without hiding a thing, we cannot accept it. What if the hero is placed in danger because of him?”</p>

      <p>“In short, you cannot trust Haruto. That is what you want to say?”</p>

      <p>“Well, he does have multiple achievements to his name. I’m not saying he cannot be trusted, only that you should reconsider who should be instructing the great hero in an impartial and fair way that everyone can accept. We must control things to ensure the hero isn’t negatively influenced.”</p>

      <p>“Control...?”</p>

      <p>Satsuki had been watching on unhappily, but that word was particularly irritating to her.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me!”</p>

      <p>Before she knew it, she was raising her voice.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Lady Satsuki?” Francois sighed with a pained expression.</p>

      <p>“Why are you trying to decide who should instruct me without my consent? I <em>want</em> Haruto to teach me. Shouldn’t that leave no room for argument?” Satsuki said with a subtly angry and twitching expression, all the while keeping an otherwise-cool smile on her face to remain calm.</p>

      <p>“I’m saying this for your sake, great hero. It isn’t discussed openly, but there are rumors spreading of how you and Sir Amakawa are in an intimate relationship, which is why you favor him so much.”</p>

      <p><em>He wasn’t selected for his ability, but out of lust. Is that what you want people to believe? </em>Duke Gregory was implying.</p>

      <p><em>How shameless. It’s only your faction that’s spreading such rumors, </em>Charlotte thought with a cold expression.</p>

      <p>“What did you say?” Satsuki said furiously.</p>

      <p>“Calm down, Satsuki,” Rio called out to her, grabbing her shoulder. Then, he whispered so that only she could hear, “He’s trying to rile you up and hinder your calm judgment.”</p>

      <p>“Haruto...” Although she was still infuriated, Satsuki managed to regain her composure.</p>

      <p>“Sir Amakawa. I am asking for your answer,” Duke Gregory said, glaring at Rio without hiding his disgust.</p>

      <p>“I am against the idea of disregarding Lady Satsuki’s opinion. I am also opposed to the word ‘control.’”</p>

      <p>It was a statement made precisely because he saw Satsuki as a human, not a hero. Satsuki seemed to understand that, as she smiled happily.</p>

      <p><em>He’s using the hero as a shield... This scum doesn’t even have enough independence to express his own thoughts. He’s a disgrace to all nobles—no, to all men.</em></p>

      <p>However, Duke Gregory thought otherwise. He believed the hero was a political asset that had to be controlled and used effectively. As a hero, he thought it was only natural for her to accept that.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” Duke Gregory clicked his tongue in annoyance. “You are only able to say such things because you have no responsibility. Your attitude is inappropriate for nobility—it’s the mindset of a commoner. Corrupting the hero with such folly...”</p>

      <p>“Let me apologize in advance, Haruto. Sorry,” Satsuki suddenly said.</p>

      <p>Rio could tell she had quietly snapped. “For what?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“I’m about to drag you into this.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind that.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks. Make sure you beat him thoroughly,” she whispered so that only he could hear, then turned to Duke Gregory with a fearless smile. “Fine. If you’re so insistent, I’ll give you an equal chance.”</p>

      <p>“Oh?” That was exactly what Duke Gregory wanted. His mouth turned upwards in a twisted smirk. “Then how should we go about deciding?”</p>

      <p>He hurried the discussions along before Satsuki could change her mind.</p>

      <p>“You’re unhappy with Haruto’s abilities, right? Then why don’t you prepare instructors you’re happy with and have them face Haruto in a match? You wouldn’t possibly dream of recommending someone weaker than Haruto, correct?” This time it was Satsuki’s turn to taunt Duke Gregory.</p>

      <p>“Of course... However, as this is the great hero that is to be instructed, I wish to prepare an instructor for each field.” Duke Gregory didn’t falter.</p>

      <p>“What I’m seeking from Haruto is instruction in the use of the Divine Arms and battle techniques. There’s no need to compete in any other areas. Please restrict the field to the topic of combat.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I suppose that is fine.”</p>

      <p>“That, and I want you to apologize to Haruto. And you must agree to never interfere in my business again,” Satsuki added.</p>

      <p>“Wait...” Duke Gregory expressed reluctance.</p>

      <p>“Clement. Lady Satsuki has agreed to your demands. It is only right to accept hers in return,” Francois immediately interrupted, blocking off any possible objections.</p>

      <p><em>Your impatience in demonstrating your power has made you negligent in measuring your opponent, Clement.</em></p>

      <p>Francois had wanted to see how things would develop, so he had watched over the scene quietly until now. He was prepared to intervene and adjust things as necessary, but he was mostly unneeded this time.</p>

      <p>“I understand...” Duke Gregory nodded stiffly.</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided. Is that okay, King Francois?” Satsuki asked.</p>

      <p>“As long as you are fine with that, I have no objections.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. Can I leave the rules and appointment of an umpire to you as well?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. When will the match take place?”</p>

      <p>“I am available whenever. I could even go today,” Rio answered first.</p>

      <p>“I also have a candidate selected already. However, I will need the time to summon them here, so could I please be given a three-day allowance?”</p>

      <p>“Very well. Then the match will be held in three days’ time, when the afternoon bell rings three.”</p>

      <p>Thus, the match between Rio and Duke Gregory’s instruction candidate was decided.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh... Just try and beat Haruto if you can.”</p>

      <p>It seemed Satsuki had a lot of pent-up rage, as the smile on her face was more like an evil grin.</p>

      <p>“Satsuki must be really angry. Well, she has reason to be,” Latifa said as she witnessed Satsuki in such a state.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, she does.”</p>

      <p>Latifa, Celia, and the others offended by Duke Gregory were dumbfounded. They were all aware of Rio’s abilities, so none of them doubted his victory. Satsuki had arranged things well, so all that was left to do was watch on.</p>

      <p>“This concludes the discussions. Gather in the training grounds in three days’ time,” Francois said, turning to return to the castle first. He glanced at Charlotte before his departure, and she quietly followed behind him. Duke Gregory and his men also took their leave, and Rio and the remaining people returned to the mansion.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Half an hour or so later...</p>

      <p>“I have returned.”</p>

      <p>“Pardon the intrusion.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte returned to the mansion. She was accompanied by Liselotte, whom she must have run into while at the castle. The door of the dining room connected to the entrance hall was left open, so Rio and the others were able to welcome them back while they prepared lunch.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back, Char. And welcome, Liselotte. We’re just about to have lunch. Everyone’s waiting, so let’s talk while we eat.”</p>

      <p>Thus, the group had their meal together. The rest of the Yagumo group had also moved into the mansion, so it was a large gathering. The number of people made it difficult to seat everyone at the same table, so they set up multiple tables in the dining room for people to change seats every day.</p>

      <p>Since they wanted to hear about the incident with Duke Gregory today, Rio and Satsuki sat with Charlotte and Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“How should I put this... It’s nice. Eating here in this house, I mean. It’s warming,” Liselotte said, looking around the room with a smile.</p>

      <p>The majority of the residents had been raised in an environment far from hierarchical society. To them, it was only natural to have meals together.</p>

      <p>“I’ve also become used to these kinds of meals. On the occasions where I take my meal alone in the castle, I feel so bored by myself. The meals here are healthier and better tasting too.” Charlotte placed a hand against her cheek and sighed elegantly.</p>

      <p>“I get it. Especially since the castle likes to serve oily foods first thing in the morning... And the meals I had alone when I was first summoned here were tough too,” Satsuki agreed keenly.</p>

      <p>“Your heart was closed off back then,” Charlotte added.</p>

      <p>“Yeah...” Satsuki had a faraway look in her eyes, recalling how she believed she was alone in this world back then. “Oops, got a little emotional there. Sorry,” she said in slight embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Speaking of apologies, we must apologize for something as well. I am terribly sorry for the discourtesy you were treated with earlier, Sir Haruto, Lady Satsuki.” It was at this point that Charlotte brought up the topic of what happened with Duke Gregory earlier.</p>

      <p>“I would like to apologize as well.” For some reason, Liselotte apologized after Charlotte did.</p>

      <p>Satsuki exchanged a look with Rio, who was seated beside her, then tilted her head in confusion. “Uh, it’s not something you two need to be sorry for... And why are you apologizing when you weren’t even there, Liselotte?”</p>

      <p>“It’s related to the factions of the royal court, so it’s a little complicated...” Charlotte began. According to her, Duke Gregory had been impatient until quite recently.</p>

      <p>The two leading noble families of the Galarc Kingdom were Duke Cretia’s and Duke Gregory’s respective houses. However, ever since Liselotte had established the Ricca Guild, Duke Cretia’s power had grown dramatically.</p>

      <p>On top of that, Duke Cretia’s house had strong ties to the honorary knight that had recently made numerous achievements.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Duke Gregory’s house didn’t have any notable achievements to its name. At this rate, a huge gap in power would be created between the two houses during Clement’s generation. He probably couldn’t forgive himself for that.</p>

      <p>Thus, Duke Gregory was constantly on vigilant watch for opportunities to show his presence—or to sabotage Duke Cretia.</p>

      <p>“Because I was abducted by the Saint, Duke Gregory’s house has regained momentum. The consequences of that were shifted onto the two of you. I’m very sorry.” Liselotte bowed her head at Rio and Satsuki once again.</p>

      <p>“That still doesn’t mean it’s your fault.”</p>

      <p>“Right. If you’re going to say that, then the Heavenly Lions’ attack on the mansion was what originally caused Duke Gregory to move.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki pouted sullenly. “In the first place, I don’t like his ulterior motive of rising by stepping on others. He claims he’s acting for the sake of the kingdom, the sake of the king, and the sake of the hero, but in the end, he only wants what benefits himself.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, it is exactly as Lady Satsuki says. That is why we’ve been dealing with them before they could reach you until now, but we failed to stop Duke Gregory this time.”</p>

      <p>With the protection of Charlotte and Francois, who wasn’t here at the present, Duke Gregory’s faction was completely kept in check. On top of that, Rio kept gaining more achievements. The frequent rewards he received from the royal family made Duke Gregory direct his discontent towards Rio.</p>

      <p>Then, when he realized there weren’t many opportunities to make contact with Rio, he chose to make a bold move.</p>

      <p>“Because of his position, Father has to remain impartial to both sides until the matches are over, but he’s stated that he doesn’t mind if you beat him up without holding back. So, Sir Haruto, please teach him a lesson he’ll never forget.”</p>

      <p>Despite her radical words, Charlotte grinned cheerfully, creating cute dimples.</p>

      <p>“That’s right! Beat him to a pulp, Haruto!” Satsuki clenched her fists in a fighting pose as she cheered Rio on.</p>

      <p>“I’ll do my best...” Rio nodded with a wry smile.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Three days later, as the afternoon bell rang three times...</p>

      <p>With his beloved sword at his waist, Rio stood in the training grounds of the castle. Facing him were two men who seemed to be the instructors Duke Gregory had prepared for Satsuki, with Duke Gregory beside them.</p>

      <p>“Haruto. Clement has a proposal.” Before the match began, Francois came to the center of the training ground and personally spoke to them.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Out of consideration for Lady Satsuki’s education, I wish to split the matches into the fields of spears, martial arts, and enchanted swords.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind.”</p>

      <p>Francois had asked him to instruct Satsuki in the field of spirit arts out of the hope that it would improve her handling of the Divine Arms. That’s why they should have been competing in the field of spirit arts, but Duke Gregory was unaware of the existence of spirits. Thus, he had probably been told that the instruction was regarding enchanted swords.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. There are two instructors prepared by Clement, but only one of you, Haruto. You’ll be at a disadvantage like this. If you have any protests, I will allow you to fight on another day. You may also nominate a substitute.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the consideration. But in order to secure an instructor for Lady Satsuki, I’d like to settle things today. I can fight three times by myself without any issue.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so?” Francois chuckled heartily. Meanwhile, the man facing Rio with a spear in his hand looked a little discontent.</p>

      <p>“Then, spears, martial arts, enchanted swords: which would you like to start with?”</p>

      <p>“With all due respect, please allow me to fight first.”</p>

      <p>The man with the spear stepped forward. He seemed to be aged in his early twenties, and had a masculine face. He was dressed in a knight uniform and carried himself with dignity.</p>

      <p>“This is William Lopes, the deputy commander of the First Order of the Galarc Knights. He normally serves to protect the kingdom’s borders. The weapon in his hand is an enchanted sword—an enchanted spear, if you will.”</p>

      <p>“As introduced, I am William Lopes. I volunteered myself when I heard there would be an opportunity to spar with the renowned Black Knight. Pleased to make your acquaintance.” William introduced himself and offered his hand for a handshake.</p>

      <p>“I’m Haruto Amakawa. I’m honored to be granted this opportunity to face you. Let us have a good match.” Rio extended his hand and shook William’s.</p>

      <p><em>I expected him to be moving on the orders of the duke, but...</em></p>

      <p>While he didn’t seem to be in the best mood, his first impression was honest and favorable. However, whether William himself was a good person or not, if his family was affiliated with Duke Gregory’s faction, then he had to follow their orders. It was too dangerous to judge him based on his first impression alone.</p>

      <p>“If you possess an enchanted spear, then you must be the instructor for the spear and enchanted sword training.”</p>

      <p>William glanced at the other man beside him, then nodded. “That is correct.”</p>

      <p>At that, Duke Gregory looked like he wanted to say something.</p>

      <p>“In that case, would you like me to fight with an enchanted sword or a spear first?”</p>

      <p>“I would like to request a fight against your enchanted sword,” William replied immediately.</p>

      <p>“Oi, Sir Lopes.” Unable to control himself any longer, Duke Gregory interrupted.</p>

      <p>“What is it, Duke?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t go changing the order we agreed on.”</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter?” Rio asked William and Duke Gregory, tilting his head.</p>

      <p>“I merely wish to fight with my opponent at his strongest. Fighting against someone tired from successive battles wouldn’t be considered a victory,” William replied on Duke Gregory’s behalf.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>That was probably why he had looked discontent when he heard Rio agree to three consecutive matches in a row.</p>

      <p>“Sir Lopes. You must win, understand?”</p>

      <p>“Of course.” William nodded without taking his eyes off Rio.</p>

      <p>“If you’re done introducing yourselves to each other, let’s begin. You may use the abilities of your enchanted sword, but you are forbidden from injuring your opponent with it. Either stop your attack before making contact or limit yourself to blows that can only deal minor injuries.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>Rio and William both nodded respectfully. Once Francois finished explaining the rules, he left the umpiring to one of his subordinate knights and returned to the spectator zone where Satsuki and Charlotte were. Duke Gregory and the remaining candidate followed behind him.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, as the match was open to the public, a considerable number of people had gathered to watch.</p>

      <p>“Now, both sides take your places. Ready your weapons,” the umpire said.</p>

      <p>Rio and William both held their weapons ready.</p>

      <p>“Begin!”</p>

      <p>Thus, the first round commenced.</p>

      <p>The two of them stepped forward without hesitation. The first to attack was William. He launched a sharp thrust aimed at Rio. Although the spear he used was a short spear, it still had a longer range than a sword, so that was the most natural move to make.</p>

      <p>However, Rio was more than aware that the other side would make the first move, considering the differences in their reach. He aimed the point of his sword at the spear and diverted the thrust. Once the spearhead was sent veering to the side, he took the chance to step right up to William.</p>

      <p>“Hah!” What a spear user disliked the most was for an enemy with an adaptable weapon to come up close to them. Thus, William’s reaction was swift—he withdrew his spear as Rio moved forward, retreating immediately.</p>

      <p>Rio moved forward to close their gap as William counterattacked to prevent the sword from coming within reach. The battle seesawed between offense and defense. With physically enhanced bodies, they ran around swiftly, probing each other for openings like threading a needle.</p>

      <p><em>He’s fairly strong.</em></p>

      <p>Rio felt William’s strength firsthand. He was certainly worthy of his position as the deputy commander of the First Order of the Galarc Knights. He probably hadn’t reached Gouki and Alfred’s level, but he had considerable abilities. If he fought Sara with the condition of only using physical body enhancements, he would probably best her.</p>

      <p>In a corner of the spectating space, Gouki hummed to himself in interest. “Hoho, the opponent uses his spear very well. Although a spear has the advantage over a sword, it’s no easy feat to block Sir Haruto’s sword. I would love to spar with him myself.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte expressed her surprise. “I expected Sir Haruto to end the match in an instant, before his opponent could even react...”</p>

      <p>“Spears are a rather difficult weapon to approach from the front. On top of that, there’s no knowing what ability is contained in that spear. Considering that, he’s probably chosen to take his time with the battle,” Gouki explained. “However...”</p>

      <p>“Ngh...”</p>

      <p>The balance between Rio and William toppled. By catching William within reach of his sword, Rio had gained the advantage.</p>

      <p>“As you can see, Sir Haruto is winning in weapon technique. If his opponent continues to hold back his spear’s power, at this rate...” The match would be settled in seconds. But before Gouki could say those words...</p>

      <p>“Haaah!”</p>

      <p>Sensing he would lose in a few more blows, William activated his enchanted spear’s ability. He stabbed the stone spearhead into the ground. Then, an ice spear shot up before him.</p>

      <p>“Wh...” Rio retreated at the last moment, escaping the reach of the ice spear.</p>

      <p>“You truly live up to the rumors, Black Knight... No, you surpass them. Marvelous.” With sweat running down his brow, William praised Rio with a refreshed look.</p>

      <p>“I’m honored.” They were still in the middle of a match, so Rio’s reply was awkward.</p>

      <p>“Sorry. You wouldn’t have known the abilities of this spear, and the ability is rather lethal, so I didn’t want to use it. But it seems it’d be ruder to hold back against you.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all...”</p>

      <p>“This spear is a family treasure that has been passed down by generations. I will now use its abilities without reserve.”</p>

      <p>“Then I shall do the same.” He had been wary of activating his weapon’s abilities before his opponent as Duke Gregory could potentially find fault with it, but that was no longer necessary. Rio decided on using his wind from that moment.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Here’s to a fair fight!”</p>

      <p>Rio and William separated from each other by ten meters, bracing their weapons. One moment later, they both started running.</p>

      <p>A wind wrapped around Rio’s body as he moved forward. The sand around him was blown up into the air, creating a dust cloud that hid him from view.</p>

      <p>“Wait, that’s—!” Satsuki cried, recognizing the move as the one Rio used against her yesterday.</p>

      <p>“Humph!” William didn’t seem to want his vision obstructed, so he created countless ice arrowheads at the tip of his spear and released them. The thin arrowheads pierced holes in the dust cloud, making the spectators stir.</p>

      <p>“Hah!” Unassured by the attack sent into the dust cloud, William stabbed his spear at the ground. At that, several ice spears appeared in a circle around him. He was probably covering all his blind spots, wary of an attack after Rio obstructed his field of view.</p>

      <p><em>Wow, he could tell he would be approached from behind in an instant. Amazing.</em></p>

      <p>Having received an explanation on the move from Rio yesterday, Satsuki was impressed William had seen through it in one go. Their exchange of blows was very enlightening. Rio had indeed gone around behind William, and had been blocked by the ice spears.</p>

      <p>“There you are!”</p>

      <p>William swung his spear as he turned around, aiming the countless ice arrowheads at Rio.</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>However, instead of being struck by the arrowheads, Rio disappeared from William’s view.</p>

      <p><em>Was that Shukuchi? </em>Satsuki thought, but even watching from afar, she could see his movement speed was rather slow. He was still faster than any human could run, but it was easily ten to twenty times slower than the Shukuchi speed she knew. His trajectory was also curved instead of a straight line.</p>

      <p>The reason why it looked like Rio had disappeared in spite of that was because he hadn’t used a single muscle of his body, entrusting the wind to move him. And with the curved movement, Rio had come right up to William in the blink of an eye.</p>

      <p>Like a floating cherry blossom petal, the way he closed the gap was truly elegant. Gouki was so captivated by the sight of Rio’s movement, he muttered to himself in admiration. “He truly moves wonderfully...”</p>

      <p><em>In a single instant, he moved to this position with no extraneous movements at all...!</em></p>

      <p>By the time William spotted Rio with his eyes, it was already too late. Rio had his sword pointed just before William’s solar plexus.</p>

      <p>“This is my loss. I surrender.” Unable to react in time, William admitted his defeat.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>At the conclusion of the first match, the training ground burst into cheers. It was a splendid match that even had the spectators heated up, and it had ended in Rio’s undeniable victory. The only area that wasn’t cheering was the corner where Duke Gregory’s faction members had gathered.</p>

      <p>“Damn it, Lopes!”</p>

      <p>Among them, Duke Gregory was unable to contain himself and ran towards William the moment the match was over.</p>

      <p>“The numerous rumors of the Black Knight were no exaggeration. I can assure you of his abilities. Even without holding the rest of the matches, I would have no qualms entrusting him with the great hero’s instruction like this.”</p>

      <p>William praised Rio openly, showing no frustrations over his defeat.</p>

      <p>“You... How dare you...!” Duke Gregory immediately reddened.</p>

      <p>“I know how you feel about Sir Amakawa, Duke, but I believe he is far more trustworthy than that mysterious man over there,” William said, glancing at the man standing behind Duke Gregory. The man was the second candidate Duke Gregory had prepared as Satsuki’s instructor.</p>

      <p>He appeared to be in his mid-thirties and was wearing combat clothes, though not those of a knight. Compared to a genuine knight like William, he seemed rather frivolous in appearance. There was something dark and creepy about him.</p>

      <p>“Guh... If that’s how you’ll be, then—Gilbert! It’s your turn! This man is useless!”</p>

      <p>Duke Gregory gave up on William and turned to entrust the match to the remaining man.</p>

      <p>“As I told you in advance, my field of expertise is hand-to-hand combat utilizing enchanted swords in the form of knives. The plan has veered slightly astray, but...well, I’ll do my best.”</p>

      <p>The man named Gilbert shrugged, then started walking towards the center of the training grounds where Rio waited.</p>

      <p><em>Damn it, if only Lopes hadn’t ignored the plan and challenged him in enchanted swords first... On top of that, he just had to lose in such an unsightly manner.</em></p>

      <p>The original plan had been to fight with spears and martial arts for the first two matches, then challenge him in enchanted swords in the third match after he was fatigued. By watching him in the first and second matches, they could adjust their approach in the third match.</p>

      <p>But William had chosen enchanted swords for the very first match, ruining their plan. At least, that was how Duke Gregory saw it.</p>

      <p><em>I paid Gilbert an exorbitant amount upfront to hire him. If he loses like this, all my money will be wasted! This better work out...</em></p>

      <p>Fearing that Gilbert wouldn’t be worth the money he had paid, Duke Gregory glared at his back hatefully.</p>

      <p>“Those clothes... Is that man not a knight from this kingdom?” Celia, who was spectating the matches, asked.</p>

      <p>“He’s probably one of Duke Gregory’s private soldiers, but I’ve never seen his face before. I’ve never heard any rumors of excellent soldiers under his command, though...”</p>

      <p>It seemed like Charlotte didn’t know anything about Gilbert either.</p>

      <p>“It’s a pleasure to meet you. My name is Gilbert.” With a fake smile on his face, Gilbert bowed.</p>

      <p><em>He has no family name...? Is he not a noble?</em> Rio thought.</p>

      <p>“I’m Haruto Amakawa. It’s nice to meet you.” He quickly returned the bow.</p>

      <p>“As you may have guessed already, I am not a noble. I have been serving under Duke Gregory for a long time, valued for my skills. When he approached me with this offer, I agreed, as I wanted to see the great hero with my own eyes.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so?”</p>

      <p>“Despite my appearances, I am a faithful believer of the Six Wise Gods. I don’t have much experience in jobs like this, but even if I am unsuited for the role of the instructor, I would love to have an audience with the hero.”</p>

      <p>Gilbert revealed a little more about his background and glanced over at Satsuki in the spectator zone.</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>“The great hero, disciple of the Six Wise Gods. I wondered what kind of person they would be, but she seems no different to a normal girl. Although that might be rude of me to say out loud.”</p>

      <p>“She’s just another human like us,” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>Gilbert looked a little disappointed. Unsure of the reason for that disappointment, Rio tilted his head in confusion.</p>

      <p>“The second match will now commence. Sir Amakawa, this is your second consecutive match, but is it really fine?” the umpire knight asked Rio one last time.</p>

      <p>“It is.”</p>

      <p>“Then the martial arts match is a contest of pure martial arts. The use of any weapons or magic is forbidden. Is that understood?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>The two responses overlapped each other. For the record, Rio had left his sword with the umpire at the end of the first match.</p>

      <p>“Both sides, take your places.”</p>

      <p>Rio and Gilbert stood five meters from each other and assumed their fighting stances. That being said, neither made a show of clenching their fists. They both took deep breaths, lightly assuming fighting stances while remaining calm and composed.</p>

      <p>Several seconds later...</p>

      <p>“Begin!”</p>

      <p>At the umpire’s signal, the match began.</p>

      <p>“...” They both held their stances while slowly approaching each other.</p>

      <p>Hand-to-hand combat that relied on pure physical abilities was always more boring to watch than battles with enchanted swords. The gallery probably believed that as well.</p>

      <p>“Grah!” Once the exchange of blows began, their movements were truly transcendent. That didn’t mean they were moving about extravagantly—as far as their leg movements went, one would step back if the other stepped forward. That was all.</p>

      <p>What was moving at a speed too fast for the eyes to follow was their hands. However, they weren’t throwing flashy punches around either. They were quietly moving their hands, aiming to land the winning blow while fending off the opponent’s advances.</p>

      <p>It was a silent exchange, but it was also speedy. Because of that, the spectators held their breaths in silence as well. Rio and Gilbert knocked each other’s hands out of the way, creating the sound of fabric brushing against each other.</p>

      <p>Eventually, Rio’s fist found the first opening in his opponent’s defenses.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...!” With a dull impact, Gilbert’s body was blown backwards. But that was because he had guarded himself with both arms, jumping back to release the force of the blow. He hadn’t sustained any damage.</p>

      <p>“Goodness me... Sir Amakawa, was it? Your techniques are far beyond others of your age,” Gilbert grinned.</p>

      <p>“You are quite a formidable opponent yourself.”</p>

      <p>In contrast, Rio’s gaze was somewhat wary. During the short exchange of blows, he had felt there was something strange about him.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Gouki, who felt something odd from where he was spectating, furrowed his brow. “Kayoko dear, that man...”</p>

      <p>“Yes. He reeks of blood. I doubt he’s done much decent work up until now.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Well, it shouldn’t be a problem for Sir Haruto either way...”</p>

      <p>The Saga couple decided to watch over their master. Meanwhile—</p>

      <p>“Personally, I’d like to end this soon, but... Perhaps you could give me a bit more of your time,” Gilbert said.</p>

      <p>He quietly stepped forward. Rio also stepped forward to meet him. Like that, their exchange of blows resumed.</p>

      <p>They relaxed their muscles to reduce extraneous movement, weaving their attacks through the openings between their concentration and breaths. Detecting the attacks of their opponent and diverting their trajectories. Their fighting styles were similar, but different.</p>

      <p>Rio’s style of martial arts involved using a kick or punch at just the right moment to throw his opponent’s body off-balance.</p>

      <p><em>I knew it... This person’s martial arts are clearly based around the use of a knifelike weapon. Is his fighting style based off assassination techniques? Or the hand-to-hand combat of some country’s militia?</em></p>

      <p>Gilbert’s martial arts seemed to be refined for the use of a weapon to efficiently kill an opponent. Every time they passed, a fist extended directly towards Rio’s body, aiming for his vitals as though there were a knife in his hand.</p>

      <p>Another example was how he continued using attacks that involved moving his hands, but never attempted to grab Rio. He persistently kept trying to send his hand forward, aiming for the vital spots of the body. It would be one thing if he were aiming to land a blunt strike, but he merely seemed to be aiming for a certain spot as quickly as possible—there was no force behind his strikes. On top of that, he kept using his arm to deflect Rio’s blunt strikes, as though he were holding a knife in his hand.</p>

      <p><em>Are these truly assassination techniques? Does that mean this person is an assassin?</em></p>

      <p>Did Duke Gregory intend on teaching Satsuki assassination techniques by employing this man as an instructor? Had he chosen anyone who seemed capable of victory, regardless of their occupation? Either way, it didn’t make sense.</p>

      <p>Gilbert distanced himself from Rio, then grinned eerily as he spoke suggestively. “My apologies. I can’t quite break the habit in my hands.”</p>

      <p>“You’re...” Rio stopped moving and faced Gilbert.</p>

      <p>“Now that you’ve learned my secret, I am no longer able to win against you. I do not wish to reveal any more of my techniques either. That being said, I have my employer’s order to consider...” Gilbert glanced at where Duke Gregory stood in the spectating space. “If possible, I would appreciate it if you could defeat me as painlessly as possible. I dislike being hurt, you see.”</p>

      <p>It was as good as a declaration of surrender.</p>

      <p>“I have no intention of attacking someone with no will to fight. If you do not wish to fight, please surrender clearly.” Rio shot down his request swiftly.</p>

      <p>“Good grief. In that case...”</p>

      <p>Gilbert sighed tiredly and charged towards Rio. He thrust his fist straight forward, as though to plunge a knife into Rio’s heart.</p>

      <p>But before he could reach him, Rio grabbed his arm and performed a one-armed shoulder throw. Gilbert was cleanly slammed against the ground.</p>

      <p>“Ah, you are a kind person,” Gilbert muttered the moment he was thrown. Once he was lying face-up on the ground, he added, “May the Six Wise Gods grace you.”</p>

      <p>“Halt! The winner is Sir Amakawa.” At the umpire’s declaration, the second match ended in Rio’s victory.</p>

      <p>Afterwards, Rio and William fought one more round using spears, which also ended in Rio’s victory. Thus, Duke Gregory’s plot to drag Rio down from the role of Satsuki’s instructor was completely thwarted.</p>

      <p>But if today had just ended like this, Duke Gregory would still have been spared from the worst day of his life.</p>

      <p>“That was wonderful, Haruto.” At the end of the third round, Francois entered the grounds to praise Rio.</p>

      <p>“Thank you.”</p>

      <p>“I cannot imagine anyone better suited for the role of Lady Satsuki’s instructor. That was proven today. Isn’t that right, Clement?”</p>

      <p>“...Yes,” Clement rasped, barely managing to nod. The truth of three consecutive losses had been thrust in his face. He wanted to retort, but he had no means of doing so. The man named Clement Gregory wasn’t opposed to acting shamelessly for the sake of his goals, but he was also aware that fussing further would just be a disgrace.</p>

      <p>“And so, Lady Satsuki’s instructor will continue to be Haruto. The method of instruction will also be left to his discretion,” Francois declared in a loud voice so that the spectators could hear.</p>

      <p>Just then, a knight came running over in a panic. “Your Majesty!”</p>

      <p>“What is it? We’re in the middle of something here.”</p>

      <p>“I-I am terribly sorry for interrupting, but this is an emergency,” the knight panted.</p>

      <p>“Speak.”</p>

      <p>At Francois’s word, the knight shot a pitiful glance at Duke Gregory’s face. “We have received notice that the capital of Duke Gregory’s territory has fallen. His son, the governor, has been taken hostage.”</p>

      <p>“Wh...WHAT?!”</p>

      <p>Duke Gregory’s scream echoed across the training grounds.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>