<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>That thought put a smile on her face, but the future was rather concerning.</p>

      <p>“What’s that look for...?” Liselotte pouted, puffing up her cheeks cutely.</p>

      <p>“Nothing. But if I were to offer one word of advice...”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“If there’s one thing I can say for sure, it’s that you won’t find a better gentleman than Sir Amakawa anytime soon. Don’t regret your decisions.” With that, Aria pushed open the front door.</p>

      <p>“Stop saying weird things to make me feel self-conscious about it,” Liselotte grumbled. Perhaps she already knew in her head, and her heart just hadn’t caught up yet.</p>

      <p><em>What am I thinking?! I’m practically admitting that I’m conscious of Sir Haruto...</em></p>

      <p>She soon came to her senses and shook her head furiously.</p>

      <p><em>This really is dire...</em> Aria thought, watching her master’s reaction with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“What’s up, you two?” Just then, Rio came over.</p>

      <p>“G-Good morning, Sir Haruto,” Liselotte replied first, feigning composure. But there was a clear blush tinting her cheeks.</p>

      <p>“Nothing. I’m about to prepare breakfast, so please have a seat.” Aria was her usual self. She bowed at Rio and Aishia before turning to head for the kitchen. But Rio called out to stop her.</p>

      <p>“Let me make breakfast today. As an apology for all the worry I’ve caused.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, let me make it. I’m the one who should be expressing my gratitude,” Liselotte immediately offered instead.</p>

      <p>“No, it’ll just be a simple Japanese meal...” In other words, there was no need to make a big deal of it.</p>

      <p>“If I may be so bold as to speak, my master has been quite anxious as to how she can express her thanks. She’s also well versed on the subject of Japanese meals. Would you kindly consider taking her up on her offer?”</p>

      <p>Aria tactfully took the chance to assist her master. Like Rio, Aria was aware that Liselotte had memories of her past life—what she wasn’t aware of was that Rio also had memories of <em>his</em> past life. In her mind, this was the perfect excuse for Liselotte to make breakfast for him.</p>

      <p><em>Take this chance to win him over with your cooking.</em></p>

      <p>Aria’s intentions were clearly conveyed to Liselotte, who blushed shyly.</p>

      <p>“How about we make it together?” Rio suggested. “There’s all sorts of ingredients available, so we can both make a dish we want to make.”</p>

      <p>“That sounds wonderful,” Aria agreed dramatically.</p>

      <p>“Enough, Aria!”</p>

      <p>“You two sure get along well.” Rio chuckled.</p>

      <p>“Umm... Please let me cook with you.”</p>

      <p>And so, Rio and Liselotte decided to make breakfast together.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>“You really have everything...” Liselotte mumbled, looking around in awe. They were in the walk-in pantry connected to the kitchen.</p>

      <p>“There’s soy sauce, miso, and dashi, as well as every seasoning you need to make Japanese food. Anything raw or hard to preserve is stored in the Time-Space Cache, so just let me know if you need something you don’t see here.”</p>

      <p>Rio opened the refrigerating magic artifact as he gave his explanation. The Time-Space Cache was far better at preserving foods than this fridge, so he only kept foods he planned on using soon in here.</p>

      <p>“Wow, there’s even seaweed and tofu.”</p>

      <p>“There’s also natto, wild yam, and okra.”</p>

      <p>“Oh! I want to eat that...!”</p>

      <p>The two stood before the fridge, checking the contents like that.</p>

      <p>“Let’s make something you want to eat. What would your dream Japanese breakfast be?” Rio suggested after he’d finished explaining all of the features of the kitchen.</p>

      <p>“My dream breakfast... That would have to be rice and miso soup.”</p>

      <p>“I see. What ingredients do you like in your miso soup?”</p>

      <p>“I can’t decide! I like tofu, but how about radish and abura-age? Since there’s soy sauce, I’d like to eat the tofu with that.”</p>

      <p>The prospect of eating Japanese food again seemed to have stimulated Liselotte’s soul as a Japanese person, as her voice was brimming with excitement.</p>

      <p>“We can also chop the radish leaves and make a stir-fry.”</p>

      <p>“That sounds great! It’d go well with rice too.”</p>

      <p>“Is there anything else you’d like?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Maybe a grilled fish...”</p>

      <p>“We can season it with salt and serve it with grated radish. That would be nice.”</p>

      <p>“That sounds delicious!”</p>

      <p>They settled on a breakfast menu in no time at all, then returned to the kitchen to finally begin cooking.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Who normally does the cooking in your mansion, Sir Haruto?”</p>

      <p>“Miharu and Orphia take the initiative to make our meals. Everyone else helps out here and there. Do you normally cook for yourself, Liselotte?” Rio asked back. Although she was the daughter of a duke, she clearly seemed familiar with cooking.</p>

      <p>“I leave all the cooking to the chefs when I’m at home, but when I’m developing new recipes for work, I cook myself. The fastest way to recreate the dishes I ate while I was in Japan is to make them myself.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s why you’re so good at cooking.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the compliment. Back when I was Minamoto Rikka, my parents managed a family restaurant, so I learned a lot by helping them. That experience helped a lot.”</p>

      <p>“My experience as Amakawa Haruto has helped me a lot too.”</p>

      <p>“You also cooked when you were Amakawa Haruto?” Liselotte asked a little hesitantly. They both knew that the other had memories of their past life, but they hadn’t had many opportunities to discuss it quite like this.</p>

      <p>Of course, she had always wanted to talk to Rio about his past life, but Rio wasn’t the type to talk about himself. Would it be rude to ask prying questions to someone like that? Such considerate worries had kept Liselotte from broaching the subject until now.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I lived alone from my high school years to university. I also worked part-time jobs at restaurants and learned a bit there.”</p>

      <p>Rio explained how he was forced into learning by necessity, showing no reluctance in discussing the topic. This eased the self-restraint Liselotte had maintained until now.</p>

      <p>“Amakawa-senpai. Ah...”</p>

      <p>Liselotte unconsciously called Rio “Amakawa-senpai,” then immediately panicked. It was a blunder she would normally never commit; it had slipped out when she brought the Minamoto Rikka side of herself to the forefront.</p>

      <p>Rio blinked in surprise. “Senpai...you say?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, no. Umm... I may have mentioned it before, but I knew you in my past life... And you were my upperclassman, so I would have called you ‘senpai.’ S-Sorry for bringing it up out of the blue.” Liselotte bowed her head, blushing furiously.</p>

      <p>“Is that so...?” Rio replied curiously. He wasn’t completely unaware of a girl named Minamoto Rikka, but he only knew that she was a high school girl who rode the same bus as him. He didn’t think she’d seen him any differently to how he saw her, but perhaps that wasn’t the case...</p>

      <p>Liselotte read Rio’s question off his face and hurriedly added to explain, “I didn’t have the chance to say this before, but I knew you when you were in high school as well.”</p>

      <p>“Umm... Did we meet somewhere then?”</p>

      <p>“I suppose you could say that. I don’t expect you to remember, though—we only met once during the cultural festival of your high school. You happened across me and helped me out when I needed a hand. But...”</p>

      <p>“But?”</p>

      <p>“But there’s another reason I knew about you... My cousin actually attended the same high school as you.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see now.” Rio finally nodded in understanding.</p>

      <p>“My cousin’s name was Fujiwara Mafuyu. Do you remember her?” Liselotte asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“Fujiwara... Yes, I remember.” He looked through Amakawa Haruto’s memories and a certain girl came to mind.</p>

      <p>“You remember her?” Liselotte sighed in relief, smiling happily.</p>

      <p>“Yes. She used to hang out with someone named Chizuru a lot.”</p>

      <p>Chizuru was one of the loud and lively girls in his school.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you even remember Chi-san.”</p>

      <p>“You called her Chi-san?” Rio smiled in amusement, surprised by the unexpected acquaintance they had in common. Mafuyu was one of the more introverted girls, but Chizuru often invited him to hang out after school. That was why he could still recall them.</p>

      <p>“I also called my cousin ‘Fu-chan.’ I was still in middle school back then, but the two of them were my best friends. I often played together with them.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s why you were at the school festival.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Thank you for helping me back then.”</p>

      <p>“You’re welcome, though I doubt I did anything special.”</p>

      <p>“No, no, you were really cool.”</p>

      <p>“Ahaha. Thanks,” Rio chuckled shyly.</p>

      <p>“I’m sure Fu-chan would be shocked to hear that I’m cooking alongside Amakawa Haruto in a world where I was reborn after I’d died.” Liselotte looked into the distance longingly.</p>

      <p>“Maybe.”</p>

      <p>“Besides...” Liselotte started to say, fixing her gaze on Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“Besides?” Rio made eye contact with her.</p>

      <p>There was still one thing she had yet to tell Rio: that Fujiwara Mafuyu had been in love with Amakawa Haruto. That was something she had learned from Chizuru, rather than Mafuyu herself.</p>

      <p>It was why Rikka had always known about Amakawa Haruto: she had always supported Fujiwara Mafuyu’s crush. The young man her cousin loved had been reborn into this world and was standing before her.</p>

      <p>“It’s nothing. Sorry, I got a little sentimental there.”</p>

      <p>After some hesitation, Liselotte decided not to tell Rio. No, she couldn’t tell him—though she didn’t know the reason why herself.</p>

      <p>“Right.” Rio was a little puzzled by the averted topic, but he readily moved on.</p>

      <p>“Amakawa-senpai,” Liselotte said slowly, immersing herself in the sound of the words.</p>

      <p>“It’s a little embarrassing to be called that,” Rio mumbled, scratching his cheek.</p>

      <p>“May I call you by that name again, sometime in the future?” Liselotte asked seriously. She didn’t appear to be making fun of him, so Rio granted her wish pleasantly.</p>

      <p>“Sure... If you want.”</p>

      <p>It felt like he had gained another connection with someone, which made him feel happy. No, it probably wasn’t his imagination. Acting cowardly out of the fear of others... Acting brave to be liked by others... That was how people accumulated connections.</p>

      <p>“Hehe,” Liselotte giggled, feeling how their relationship had deepened. The same feeling applied to Rio.</p>

      <p>“We’ve stopped moving. Let’s get back to cooking.”</p>

      <p>“Yes sir!”</p>

      <p>At Rio’s suggestion, they resumed cooking.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Aishia and Aria had been watching over the two of them from the living room behind them. They had quiet personalities, so their conversation hadn’t been very lively, but the silence between them wasn’t uncomfortable either. Aishia wasn’t the type to feel awkward over any silence in the first place, and Aria understood that after their recent experience of living together.</p>

      <p><em>I was worried about what would happen between them for a while there, but...</em></p>

      <p>“Let me thank you once again, Lady Aishia.” Aria looked away from her master in the kitchen to address Aishia, who was seated beside her.</p>

      <p>“Sure.” Aishia nodded in return, her expression soft as she watched Rio. Her side profile was beautifully alluring even to Aria, who found herself swallowing her breath.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>If Aishia had any romantic feelings for Rio, she would be an extremely formidable rival to her master. Aria almost pitied Liselotte—but it seemed Liselotte was yet to accept her own feelings, so it wasn’t a concern for now.</p>

      <p>And it wasn’t only Aishia. Once they returned to Galarc, Rio would be surrounded by charming girls who were attracted to him. Aria was certain that her close friend Celia was included among them.</p>

      <p><em>Who should I support between my master and my close friend...</em></p>

      <p>Aria grimaced at the difficult position she was left in.</p>

      <p><em>But at least I can cheer for my master without any reservations while we’re here.</em></p>

      <p>With that thought, she resumed watching over Liselotte, who was happily standing in the kitchen.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>