<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter9_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“It’s fine, Gilbert.” Erica’s detached head disappeared. In the next moment, it was reattached to the body it should have been separated from. Erica had called out to Gilbert with a hole in her chest.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” Aria immediately backed away from Erica.</p>

      <p>“How mysterious...” Gouki also leaped back.</p>

      <p>Was she really human? They stared at Erica in wonder.</p>

      <p>“That wasn’t enough to kill her...?” Aria muttered in shock.</p>

      <p>“Strange, isn’t it? I’ve tried it myself, you know. If you cut off my head and take it away from my body, one will disappear and reattach itself to the other. In the beginning, I lost consciousness when I died, but even that stopped happening.” Erica cracked her neck as though to test the strength of the reattachment.</p>

      <p>“Are you truly a human?”</p>

      <p>“I wonder that myself.” Erica casually agreed with Aria’s sentiments.</p>

      <p>“Ooh, Lady Saint! Great Hero! You truly are an agent of the gods! I am convinced of that even more now!” Gilbert yelled, rejoicing Erica’s revival.</p>

      <p>“That’s right—I am an agent of the gods. That is why it is my duty to present the answer only the gods know to everyone. Until my duty is over, I cannot die.”</p>

      <p>Whether she truly thought that or was just playing into her role of the Saint, Erica made her declaration dramatically.</p>

      <p>“That’s impossible!”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>At the realization they were facing an inhuman existence, Aria and Gouki both let out anxious noises.</p>

      <p>“Foolish humans. Let me ask you once again. Will you really be the ones to kill me? Are you capable of such a thing?”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Neither Gouki nor Aria could answer.</p>

      <p>“Please kill me. If you can, that is.” The magic essence flowing out of Erica’s body surged suddenly.</p>

      <p><em>Good heavens... She still had this much magic essence hidden?</em></p>

      <p>Gouki was taken aback by her overwhelming power. But for the sake of his master, he couldn’t back down. He had absolutely no intention of losing.</p>

      <p>Thus, the battle with the Saint resumed.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Kayoko and Gilbert’s battle also resumed.</p>

      <p>“Bwahahaha!” Gilbert was cackling louder than he had ever laughed in his life. He was grateful for her two resurrections and the fact he had met her sublime existence today.</p>

      <p>Kayoko swung her two kodachi with a disgusted look on her face. Facing her, Gilbert had a long-handled knife in his left hand and a short-handled throwing knife in his right. The strength of their physical body enhancements appeared to be equal as they exchanged blows with each other.</p>

      <p>In the midst of one such exchange, Gilbert threw another throwing knife with his right hand relaxed at his side. He flung it with the snap of his wrist, resulting in nearly no warning motion.</p>

      <p>It would have been impossible to react without watching his hands. But he had used the same type of attack on Kayoko already.</p>

      <p>“...” Kayoko deflected the knife with a bored look.</p>

      <p>“Heh.”</p>

      <p>Gilbert smirked as he moved to release the knife in his left hand at Kayoko’s body. He twisted his arm like a snake to alter the trajectory of the knife, but Kayoko used the kodachi in her right hand to knock the edge of the knife before it could change course.</p>

      <p>“Impressive, but...!” Gilbert stumbled backwards, left hand recoiling from the deflection. His right hand had lost the throwing knife, so he was full of openings in his current posture. At least that’s what it looked like.</p>

      <p>Kayoko stepped forward to pursue him. Gilbert used the momentum of the recoil to swing his left knife and stop her. But the kodachi in Kayoko’s right hand parried the knife, allowing her to strike the kodachi in her left hand at his unguarded solar plexus.</p>

      <p>“Guh!” Gilbert grunted as he thrust his right shoulder forward to evade the strike. This inevitably caused his left hand with the knife to pull backwards. The kodachi in Kayoko’s left hand swiped through empty space.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...?” Gilbert’s mouth was twisted in a smirk. But when he heard the screech of clashing metal before him, his eyes widened. He immediately looked down.</p>

      <p>“Your techniques are truly devious.”</p>

      <p>The kodachi in Kayoko’s right hand was held up against something Gilbert held in his right hand. “Something,” because the object couldn’t be seen. The invisible object was actually Gilbert’s knife-shaped enchanted sword.</p>

      <p>“Could you see it...?” Gilbert asked in astonishment.</p>

      <p>“No. The invisible weapon was beyond my expectations. But I assumed you were doing something with your right hand, so I was able to deal with it. I said I was experienced in dealing with the tricks of assassins, did I not?”</p>

      <p>Kayoko made it sound simple, but it was an invisible knife—the perfect weapon to catch someone unawares. If anything, <em>she</em> was the strange one for blocking it so naturally.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, how formidable. It’s the first time someone’s ever blocked this enchanted sword’s attack, you know. And for me to be beaten at my own game...”</p>

      <p>Using the kodachi in her left hand, Kayoko pierced Gilbert through the heart. She then withdrew her sword and quickly backed away.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Lady Saint...” Gilbert called for Erica, then collapsed.</p>

      <p>“Finally, some quiet.” Kayoko sighed in annoyance and turned her gaze towards Gouki’s fight.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Erica caught sight of the fatally wounded Gilbert. She paused mid-battle, ignoring Gouki and Aria to run over to him.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for your sacrifice, Gilbert,” she said to him.</p>

      <p>“I am...unworthy...of such words...” Gilbert closed his eyes with a satisfied expression.</p>

      <p>“May you rest in peace.” Erica stabbed the end of her staff into the ground in a silent prayer. Several seconds later, the ground folded up to swallow Gilbert’s body.</p>

      <p>“You may not die to a sword through the heart, but aren’t you ignoring us a little too much?” Kayoko’s voice said from behind her.</p>

      <p>The next moment, a blade of water stabbed through Erica’s heart from behind. The one who had attacked her was Kayoko. The kodachi in her hand had extended through spirit arts, creating a blade to pierce Erica’s chest.</p>

      <p>“You won’t even allow me to give a proper burial... How saddening,” Erica sighed sadly, her heart still in a skewered state. Blood poured out of the wound, staining the ground where Gilbert was buried.</p>

      <p>“I heard you ordered the beast of the land to attack your own comrades. And now you’re burying allies in the middle of battle? That’s quite the dramatic change of heart,” Kayoko said, glaring at her back coldly.</p>

      <p>“He had only just met me, yet he believed in my words faithfully. I believed he was worthy of my compassion. However...”</p>

      <p>Erica had been standing with the end of her staff stabbed into the ground, but the next moment, dirt spears shot up from the ground at Gouki, Aria, and Kayoko’s feet.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!” They all jumped aside at once.</p>

      <p>“I won’t have any compassion for you.” Erica stared at them with vacant eyes.</p>

      <p>“Goodness. Fighting an opponent that doesn’t die from stabs and cuts is rather unpleasant, isn’t it?” The battle seemed to have left a bitter aftertaste in Gouki’s mouth, as he frowned in shame.</p>

      <p>“But we have no choice but to keep killing her. As many times as it takes, no matter how many times she revives,” Kayoko stated flatly.</p>

      <p>“Fortunately, this woman is an amateur at combat. We have all the opportunities we need,” Aria agreed, readying her sword.</p>

      <p>“Hehehe. Go on, come at me then.” Erica readied her staff leisurely.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” Gouki disappeared. He approached her with the movement spell Rio used—coined Shukuchi by Satsuki—and swung his sword as he passed.</p>

      <p>“Oh my...” Erica’s body was split into two. But the two pieces were being drawn together as though time was rewinding. In order to prevent that, Kayoko landed a knee kick to Erica’s upper body, sending her flying.</p>

      <p>“<em>Magicae Displodo</em>.” Aria pursued Erica’s upper body while chanting a spell. A magic circle appeared before the left hand she had extended. In the time it took the spell to activate, Aria leaped, catching up to Erica’s body, and slammed the essence cannon into her from point-blank range.</p>

      <p>“Haaah!”</p>

      <p>The thick beam of light swallowed Erica’s body. However...</p>

      <p>“So you can withstand an intermediate-class attack spell from up close too,” Aria muttered, furrowing her brow in contempt.</p>

      <p>“Are you satisfied now?” Erica’s voice called from where her lower half was lying. At some point, she had returned to her unharmed state and got back to her feet.</p>

      <p>“Hmph!”</p>

      <p>But Gouki and Kayoko immediately struck, piercing her heart and throat respectively.</p>

      <p>“This is the most I’ve ever died in such a short span of time.”</p>

      <p>As she said those words, Erica swung her staff. Gouki and Kayoko immediately leaped away to avoid the attack. Once Erica finished swinging, Aria cut off her arms, which were holding the staff. Using the momentum of her motion, she turned her blade and slashed Erica’s body with a return swing.</p>

      <p>“When will you people learn?” Erica muttered tiredly. “No one can stop me.” She lifted her staff.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Rio and Aishia were both under attack.</p>

      <p>“RAAAH!”</p>

      <p>The beast of the land opened its mouth. Light gathered rapidly, aiming at the spot where Erica and the others were.</p>

      <p>“No!” Rio had experienced the attack before, so he knew that the beast of the land was about to fire at everyone where Erica was located. This allowed him—and Aishia—to react rapidly. They locked onto the beast’s face, which had stopped to take aim.</p>

      <p>“I won’t let you!” Rio released a blast of magic essence. Aishia created three orbs of light, firing them at the three snake heads.</p>

      <p>“RAH?!”</p>

      <p>A total of four explosions occurred at once. For a brief instant, the world turned white as a tremendous noise thundered through the area. The force of the explosion blew up the beast’s head, causing pieces of its skull to go flying. But Rio and Aishia knew that this wasn’t enough to defeat it—they had already damaged it to this extent countless times.</p>

      <p>This much was nothing for the beast of the land’s superregenerative abilities. Rio and Aishia braced themselves, watching for the beast’s next move carefully. The pieces of its head were rapidly regenerating already.</p>

      <p>“Ruuuh...”</p>

      <p>It was strangely quiet. Just a short while ago, it had been rampaging violently in a mad rage, but now there was a strange clarity in its eyes.</p>

      <p>“What? It suddenly calmed down...” Rio said, confused as he noticed the abnormality.</p>

      <p>“Did it fight wildly enough to settle down?”</p>

      <p>“No, I don’t think that’s it...”</p>

      <p>That didn’t sound possible, but it was true it had calmed.</p>

      <p><em>What to do...</em></p>

      <p>They could use this chance to attack it, but it would just be a waste of energy if they couldn’t defeat it. It didn’t seem like the beast was about to make an attack, so they decided to observe it for a little longer.</p>

      <p>“Grrr...”</p>

      <p>The beast of the land stood still as it stared down at Erica. Then, for some reason, it glanced over at Aishia. Finally, it gazed over at the lake. The beast looked between those three points once more.</p>

      <p>“It disappeared...?”</p>

      <p>Like a spirit returning to its spirit form, the beast of the land vanished.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, just before the beast of the land disappeared...</p>

      <p>“Bwahaha! Sir Haruto saved our lives.”</p>

      <p>Gouki had noticed the beast of the land aiming at them, but Rio and Aishia had stopped it immediately. That realization made him burst into hearty laughter.</p>

      <p>“Goodness. If only he had died back then,” Erica sighed, looking up at Rio annoyedly.</p>

      <p>“Kayoko, have you noticed? The more we kill her, the faster she heals from her wounds,” Gouki said to Kayoko, who was standing beside him, without taking his eyes off of Erica.</p>

      <p>“Yes, and her movements are getting faster. Things may get a little tricky if she gets any faster than this.”</p>

      <p>“At this rate, I’m going to run out of magic essence...” mumbled Aria.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. How should we deal with this...”</p>

      <p>In their current state, they hadn’t succeeded at anything more than buying time. And at this rate, even their ability to do that seemed limited. Gouki hummed in thought, considering their options to break through this situation.</p>

      <p>“Hehehe. I’m still brimming with power. At this rate, I won’t even need the beast of the land to—” Erica cut off midsentence. “Why... Why has the beast of the land...?”</p>

      <p>The beast had disappeared. Erica’s eyes widened in surprise, even though she should have been the one in control of it.</p>

      <p>“Aaaaaah!”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, despite having endured numerous attacks without so much as a flinch until now, Erica suddenly clutched her head and screamed.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>