<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Report</h1>

      <p>In the dining hall of Rio’s mansion, located on the Galarc Castle grounds...</p>

      <p>It was just the day before that Rio and Liselotte made breakfast together, listened to Aishia’s investigation report after eating, and departed for the Galarc Kingdom that very morning. Rio had carried Liselotte and Aishia had carried Aria as they flew through the sky, arriving in the capital of Galtuuk in the span of one day.</p>

      <p>Rio and Liselotte were currently reporting everything that had happened to them to Francois and the others. Liselotte started with what had happened during her abduction, explaining the state of things in the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica.</p>

      <p>This was followed by Rio’s explanation of how he rescued her—that is, his fight with the giant creature called the beast of the land. He described how it had attacked him, wiping out Erica’s own allies in the process, and how the battle ended with him piercing Saint Erica through the heart. Yet despite this, the people of the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica believed she was still alive.</p>

      <p>“And that is everything that happened up until my return,” Rio said, concluding his report.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... I see it was the right choice to send you after all.” Francois, who had carefully listened to the entire report without interrupting, hummed in deep thought and commended Rio.</p>

      <p>“But I have returned without resolving the issue. I apologize for my failures.”</p>

      <p>“Saint Erica’s survival, and the monster called the beast of the land...”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“Your apology is unneeded. Take pride in your results. The duty you were entrusted with was to retrieve Liselotte and set an example for the foolish nation that stepped out of line. You succeeded on both accounts. I knew from the start that these goals had the potential to provoke a counterattack—the scale of the counterattack being greater than expected is not a failure on your part.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the kind words...” Rio bowed his head, his expression still concerned.</p>

      <p>“If the Saint is truly alive, then the issue is rather headache-inducing. I’m sure the beast of the land is also a tremendous monster to be reckoned with.”</p>

      <p>“If that monster were to attack, there would be nothing left of the capital. As long as the Saint’s survival is unclear, it would be best to watch out for any incoming attacks.”</p>

      <p>“Suppose the capital were to become the battlefield... Would you be able to drive off the monster, having won against it before?”</p>

      <p>“I cannot guarantee I would win a second time... Even if I could, the capital is highly unlikely to get by unharmed.”</p>

      <p>“I see. If someone like you is saying that, then this cannot be dismissed lightly. But do you truly believe the Saint is alive?”</p>

      <p>“It shouldn’t be possible...I think...” However, he couldn’t say he was absolutely sure. That was what his choice of words was implying.</p>

      <p>“You’re certain you pierced your sword through her heart, no? You also confirmed her pulse had stopped. When you infiltrated the capital the next day, you were unable to spot the Saint alive anywhere.”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“It seems most reasonable to assume the leaders of that country are hiding the Saint’s death, as you previously pointed out in your report.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed, it is exactly as you say.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Then let me confirm this: can you think of any means for a stopped heart to start beating again?”</p>

      <p>“I cannot...”</p>

      <p>It was possible to heal a heart the moment it was stabbed, but the damage he dealt to the Saint had been enough to kill her instantly. It would have been difficult to survive even if she had had her physical body enhanced when he stabbed her. Controlling one’s magic essence when fatally wounded was extremely difficult. She wouldn’t have been able to heal herself in such a state, and even if she activated the spell, she wouldn’t have been able to maintain it long enough to heal herself.</p>

      <p>There was a possibility she was healed by someone else nearby, but even then, there was little to no chance of survival.</p>

      <p>“I see. I agree it would be more reassuring to have some kind of confirmation that the Saint is truly dead, but you are aware of the difficulties of proving a death with no corpse, yes? You weren’t able to locate the corpse even after looking for it.”</p>

      <p>“I can go and search for it again,” Rio suggested. He wouldn’t have the duty of escorting Liselotte back this time, so he could take his time investigating.</p>

      <p>“You’ve just returned after fulfilling your duty. You may appear fully herald, but you were terribly wounded in battle, were you not? Remember that you need your rest as well,” Francois warned Rio with a somewhat exasperated sigh.</p>

      <p>Indeed, leaving for the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica immediately upon bringing Liselotte back to Galarc was bordering on overwork. All the girls sitting present nodded along in approval to Francois’s words.</p>

      <p>“But...” Rio hesitated under all of their gazes.</p>

      <p>“If the need arises, I will make an official request for your assistance—but until then, restore yourself in this mansion. I have other options available to me, such as sending spies to hide in their capital or an official envoy to probe their attitude.”</p>

      <p>“I understand...” With that, Rio finally backed down.</p>

      <p>“I would also prefer for you to remain in this capital as a form of defense. As I mentioned earlier, there was a bit of an incident here that was unrelated to the Saint. I’d like you to focus on protecting the castle in the meantime,” Francois said, finally moving on to the incident that occurred while Rio was absent.</p>

      <p>“What happened?”</p>

      <p>“The castle was attacked three days ago.”</p>

      <p>“By whom...?”</p>

      <p>“The remnants of the Heavenly Lions.”</p>

      <p>“What...?!” The moment the Heavenly Lions were mentioned, Rio froze. It went without saying that he believed it was his fault.</p>

      <p>“I’ve heard that the group has some deep animosity for you, but there’s no clear evidence that the attack was for the purpose of revenge on you. That is how I see it, at least,” Francois immediately said. “We captured some prisoners, but they all died without warning. It was just like what happened to the attackers that appeared on the night of the banquet. You understand what I’m saying, right? This removal of witnesses is the exact way of the Proxia Empire.” Francois let out another sigh, this time out of irritation.</p>

      <p>“But they targeted this mansion, didn’t they?”</p>

      <p>He had seen traces of what had been combat scattered across the castle grounds on his way here, but the area surrounding the mansion was particularly damaged. In fact, a whole section of the building had been clearly destroyed.</p>

      <p>In other words, they had attacked with the knowledge that Rio lived here—or so Rio assumed.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, this mansion was targeted. They also made some statements that implied they were after revenge against you.”</p>

      <p>Everyone in the castle knew that much, so Francois didn’t bother to hide the fact the mansion had been at the center of the fighting.</p>

      <p>“Then surely...”</p>

      <p>Surely that meant their goal was to have revenge on him, did it not? A dark shadow fell across Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“Even if their goal was to have revenge on you—so what? This is the royal castle of the capital. As the king, it is my duty and my pride to protect it. No matter what connection you may have with the assailants, it became the kingdom’s problem the moment they attacked the castle. My failure in preventing invasion is not your blame to take,” Francois stated clearly.</p>

      <p>“Besides,” he continued. “There were many important figures gathered in this building at the time of the attack. Lady Satsuki, Princess Christina, Princess Flora, and Charlotte. Three princesses and one hero—if they were after someone to take hostage, it would only make sense for them to come here.”</p>

      <p>All four of the girls named were present in the room. Francois looked around at each of them as he mentioned their names.</p>

      <p>“Flora and I have been targeted by them before,” Christina added in support. “The Proxia Empire is connected to the Arbor family and the Beltrum Kingdom. There’s nothing strange about their coming after the leaders of the Restoration.”</p>

      <p>Flora shot out of her seat to add her theory, defending Rio intently. “That’s right! It’d even mean that Sir Haruto’s mansion was targeted because we were here, making it our fault...!”</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s one possibility. It could also be my fault the mansion was targeted,” Satsuki said, agreeing with them.</p>

      <p>“The mercenaries of the Heavenly Lions targeted Sir Haruto’s mansion, where multiple figures of importance were present at the time. That is the objective truth. With more than one candidate for the attack, there is no need to point fingers at anyone. Everyone is innocent until proven guilty—if anyone is to blame, then it’s the attackers. That is why Sir Haruto’s apology is unnecessary.”</p>

      <p>With a smile that wouldn’t take any objections, Charlotte shot Rio down before he could apologize further.</p>

      <p>“Fortunately, there wasn’t much damage done, thanks to the efforts of Lord Gouki’s people and the girls here. If anything, I should be thanking you all.” Francois chuckled, looking around the room.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, everyone...” Rio bowed his head, expressing his deep gratitude for everyone. No one immediately stepped forward to say something on behalf of the others, as they all accepted his words happily.</p>

      <p>“Speaking of which, I don’t see everyone here.” Rio noted that Latifa, Alma, and the rest of the Yagumo group were not present.</p>

      <p>“Let me just say this first—Alma was injured in this incident,” Sara replied first.</p>

      <p>“Wh...” Rio’s expression instantly stiffened.</p>

      <p>“You’re not allowed to apologize to Alma either,” Orphia interrupted. “Because it’s not your fault. Her wound has fully healed already; she’s resting in another room with Suzune just to be safe.”</p>

      <p>“I understand... Then I shall thank Alma and Suzune later.”</p>

      <p>“It isn’t something you need to thank them for either. We’re all friends here, and we just did what was natural,” Sara mumbled somewhat shyly.</p>

      <p>“Hmm? Did you say something, Sara?” Orphia asked with a grin. She was sitting right beside her, so she had heard her words clearly.</p>

      <p>“It’s nothing!” Sara feigned ignorance in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Hehe.” Miharu and Celia giggled at the sight of the two of them.</p>

      <p>“Komomo and the others are waiting outside the city. Everyone should be doing well, so there’s no need for concern,” Gouki said.</p>

      <p>“I can see why you and Kayoko are here now. Thank you so much for coming...”</p>

      <p>“We ended up intruding upon the castle in an unexpected manner, but I’m glad we were able to help.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>Gouki and Kayoko both bowed their heads respectfully. Unaware of the relationship between them, Francois and Charlotte watched on curiously. The couple was old enough to be Rio’s parents, yet they showed this kind of attitude towards him.</p>

      <p>“They were amazing, you know? Gouki and Kayoko defeated all the mercenaries as soon as they arrived. It was a great battle!” Satsuki gave them raving praise.</p>

      <p>“There were monsters that appeared along with the attack, but the Saga couple assisted in subjugating those as well,” Francois added.</p>

      <p>“Monsters appeared?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Black orbs fell from the sky, releasing swarms of monsters. According to Lady Celia, the same monsters appeared during the attack on Amande.”</p>

      <p>The monsters they were referring to were revenants.</p>

      <p>“They were humanoid monsters that moved nimbly. The strong ones that appeared at Liselotte’s mansion,” Celia explained to Rio.</p>

      <p>“Those things...”</p>

      <p>“I don’t want to believe it, but it seems the Proxia Empire—or perhaps the Heavenly Lions—have a means of controlling monsters. That’s the only possibility I can see based on the situation.”</p>

      <p>“So it seems...”</p>

      <p>“However, there’s an even more troublesome monster out there. It wasn’t as formidable as the beast of the land you fought, but a giant skeleton knight appeared,” Francois said, referring to the Hero Killer Draugul.</p>

      <p>That prompted a reaction from Aishia.</p>

      <p>“A giant skeleton knight?”</p>

      <p>Everyone’s gazes focused on her.</p>

      <p>“Do you know something about it?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“It might be Reiss... I ran into him while you were in the Paladia Kingdom.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, back then...”</p>

      <p>Rio remembered what she was referring to. It was around the time he had achieved his revenge against Lucius and returned to the Galarc Kingdom. Reiss had appeared before Celia and Aishia, whom he had left in Rodania. He fled when Aishia chased after him, turning into a monster when cornered—and was then defeated.</p>

      <p>According to Rio’s memory, Celia had reported her encounter with Reiss to the Restoration, and it would have reached Christina and Francois’s ears. However, she hadn’t mentioned Aishia chasing after him. Doing so would require explaining how Aishia was guarding her in spirit form.</p>

      <p>“Reiss is the man acting as the ambassador for the Proxia Empire, no? He was the one dispatched to the Beltrum Kingdom... Did that truly happen?” Francois asked Rio.</p>

      <p>“Yes, it happened. But I’m not sure where to start explaining...”</p>

      <p>If he were to explain things truthfully, he’d have to start with how Aishia was a spirit and everything else he had kept hidden until now. Rio struggled to answer.</p>

      <p>“It was when Princess Christina and Princess Flora were kidnapped by Lucius. Do you remember when I reported that I saw Reiss?” Celia explained on behalf of Rio.</p>

      <p>“I remember.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>Christina and Francois exchanged a look before nodding in turn.</p>

      <p>“That was back when Haruto was absent, and Aishia was secretly guarding me,” Celia revealed honestly. Hearing that, Rio held his breath. But he didn’t think someone as intelligent as Celia would slip up like this, so he kept an impassive look on his face.</p>

      <p>“Umm, they know that Aishia is a spirit,” Celia clarified, giving a short summary of the situation to clear Rio’s woes.</p>

      <p>“Ifritah, Hel, and Ariel fought alongside us when the invaders attacked,” Orphia added. “That was how Lady Aishia came up.”</p>

      <p>“So that’s what happened. No wonder...”</p>

      <p>No wonder they had come to meet him at the gate earlier, Rio thought. The spirits had detected Aishia’s presence, and there was no need to hide that any longer.</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s how it is,” Francois said heartily, making fun of Rio’s surprise.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, I didn’t think it was good to speak about spirits freely...”</p>

      <p>“No worries. Records of spirits exist in literature, but I’ve never heard of anyone seeing them in person. It’s clearly not a topic to speak about openly. It would be one thing if it were just uncommon, but the value in that rarity could bring even more trouble.”</p>

      <p>In this world, in this era, rare talents and fortunes had to be hidden to stay out of trouble. That was one of the secrets to success.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, it is as you say...” Unsure of how far the knowledge of spirits had spread, anxiety filled Rio’s face.</p>

      <p>“There were many people who witnessed the spirits during the fight, but only a select number of trusted figures know that they were spirits. Don’t worry about it.”</p>

      <p>Rio sighed in relief. “Thank you for your consideration.”</p>

      <p>“No problem. We can’t have any more needless trouble happening around you. That aside, she really looks no different from a regular human... Besides her appearance, which is so unhuman she almost looks divine... I mean. Let’s get back on topic.”</p>

      <p>Francois was nearly captivated by Aishia when he turned to look at her, but the steel reasoning power of a king prevented him from trailing off-topic. He returned his gaze to Rio and asked, “What were you saying about Reiss?”</p>

      <p>“We believe that the skeleton knight may have been Reiss’s true identity. That was the form he took on when he fought Aishia. We’ve also seen him summon monsters.”</p>

      <p>“So Reiss’s true form is a monster?”</p>

      <p>“The transformed skeleton knight didn’t leave an enchanted gem, so he may not be a monster... If he has the ability to summon monsters, he may be a being of a higher existence than just a regular monster.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. If there are spirits that look no different to humans, there may be monsters that look no different to humans as well.”</p>

      <p><em>Controlling monsters is taboo for anyone who believes in the Six Wise Gods. It’s heresy. His existence would even be considered on par with the King of Fiends from the Divine War, as recorded in the sacred scriptures.</em></p>

      <p>Francois thought in his head, refraining from deviating the conversation.</p>

      <p>“Right,” Rio nodded with a contemplative look.</p>

      <p>“Now that I think of it, I may not have finished him off. That might be why there was no enchanted gem,” Aishia added beside him. Rio listened to her words, then turned to Gouki who actually fought the knight.</p>

      <p>“Did he leave an enchanted gem when you defeated him?”</p>

      <p>“No, I didn’t see anything of the sort. Did anyone else?” Gouki asked, looking around at Celia, Sara, Orphia, and Kayoko who had fought with him.</p>

      <p>“Nothing...”</p>

      <p>“I don’t recall anything like that.”</p>

      <p>“Nope.”</p>

      <p>“Me neither...”</p>

      <p>It seemed that no one had seen it.</p>

      <p>“Did you fight as well, Celia?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I did,” Celia said, blushing proudly.</p>

      <p>“Wasn’t it a strong monster, though?”</p>

      <p>“I can fight as well, you know? Although I do need to be protected while casting my magic...”</p>

      <p>“I knew you were an amazing sorcerer, but...”</p>

      <p>“Oh, it was a tremendous spell,” Gouki praised, having seen Celia use her magic in person. “She blew up the shield we were struggling against in a single blow, taking out half the body with it. If Lady Celia wasn’t there, it would have been a much harder battle.”</p>

      <p>“It was stronger than anything we can cast, wasn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. It truly was a sight to see.”</p>

      <p>Orphia and Sara both sang praises of Celia as well.</p>

      <p>“Th-That doesn’t matter right now. We’re in His Majesty’s presence, so please continue with what you were saying. Something about Reiss’s identity, right?”</p>

      <p>Celia urged Rio to continue speaking, hiding her embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“Yes, err... As you may have heard from Sara and the others already, spirits are extremely sensitive to the presences of others.”</p>

      <p>Despite his confusion, Rio resumed his explanation.</p>

      <p>“Presences, you say?”</p>

      <p>“You can think of them as invisible waves, unrelated to magic essence. Perhaps as spiritual existences, they can feel the souls of other creatures? That’s how I see it, anyway.”</p>

      <p>“I see. And?”</p>

      <p>“Presences tend to have similarities within their species. Spirits feel like other spirits, humans like other humans, and monsters like monsters. However, Reiss sometimes feels like a spirit, and sometimes feels like a monster...”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. So when she saw him transform into the giant skeleton knight, she felt a presence that wasn’t that of a monster?”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>