<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“S-Saint Erica!” The escorts that had accompanied her from the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica rushed over to her in a panic.</p>

      <p>“Ohh, what a tragedy...!”</p>

      <p>“Help! Does anyone know healing magic?!”</p>

      <p>“Someone, please! Please save the Saint!”</p>

      <p>They truly believed Erica was dying. Their confusion was no act—to them, it was as though the world were ending.</p>

      <p>But there was someone who was laughing in joy, having witnessed everything up close.</p>

      <p>“Ha... Ha ha ha! Wonderful! What a masterpiece!”</p>

      <p>It was Gilbert. He had always believed that humans were their ugliest when they were killed unfairly. But what about now?</p>

      <p><em>How beautiful...! Has there ever been a more beautiful death than this? She is no witch! Yes, she is a saint! A true Saint!</em></p>

      <p>She had taken her own life without hesitation, for the sake of some commoners who didn’t even know her. She died gripping her staff in prayer, as though she believed in the beauty of mankind.</p>

      <p>Gilbert grasped his own hands in prayer, holding his head up towards the skies.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, Six Wise Gods! I give you my sincerest thanks for letting me witness this moment. I was wrong! I believed humans to be ugly creatures. That is why I dedicated my life to assassination. But humans are beautiful! She has taught me this! If she isn’t a Saint, then who in this world is?!</em></p>

      <p>He then walked over to Erica, who was still on her knees, and beckoned Duke Gregory’s three subordinates over. “Now, come and confirm for yourself! She is most certainly dead!”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>The three men exchanged looks with each other before approaching Erica, dragging the mother and daughter along.</p>

      <p>“Did she really stab herself in the heart...?”</p>

      <p>“No way...”</p>

      <p>“Just what was she thinking?”</p>

      <p>The men looked down at the kneeling Erica in disgust.</p>

      <p>“People like you would never understand,” Gilbert muttered loathingly. Then, at a speed faster than anyone around them could see, he flicked his right hand out.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>A strange sensation immediately overcame the three men. Their vision blurred as they suddenly felt like they were falling. One beat later, pain ran through their heads. Three thunks could be heard in unison, and the world spun dizzily.</p>

      <p>“What?!”</p>

      <p>The men realized their heads were rolling along the ground. They looked up at Gilbert, who was glaring down at them in disdain. His hands were empty, but they could tell he was the one who had done this to them.</p>

      <p><em>Why?!</em></p>

      <p>They moved their mouths, but no sound came out. In place of their dead voices, the mother and daughter who were held hostage screamed.</p>

      <p>Gilbert turned around to the crowd and held his arms up. “She—the Saint—taught me the beauty of mankind! She sacrificed herself for the lives of strangers...” he called out, loud enough for the square to hear.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s right...!”</p>

      <p>“The Saint was... Saint Erica was...!”</p>

      <p>Those words stabbed deep into the hearts of the people who came from the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica. They clung to Erica’s kneeling body and wailed in grief over her death.</p>

      <p>“Can you all forgive something like this?!” Gilbert yelled like a changed person.</p>

      <p>No, perhaps he really <em>was</em> changed.</p>

      <p>“I cannot forgive my own disgraceful actions! That is why I will confess to my sins! I infiltrated this city as an assassin, hired by Duke Gregory! Yes, I was on the side of these three men who came here to kill the Saint!”</p>

      <p>Still in a fevered craze from earlier, Gilbert revealed himself as an assassin.</p>

      <p>“However, I have realized the truth! After seeing the Saint offer her own life to protect everyone here, I have realized it! I...was wrong...! I... I cannot forgive myself...”</p>

      <p>He continued to blame himself in shame.</p>

      <p>“No...!” a young man clinging to Erica shouted, getting to his feet. “It’s not your fault! The true disgrace is the noble class! That’s what happened here too... The ones who killed Saint Erica are the nobles who took the people they should have protected as hostages! Isn’t that right?!”</p>

      <p>He cried as he raised his voice, questioning every resident watching on.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>No one said anything to confirm or deny him. But in their hearts, they probably agreed with the young man and Gilbert. They were all looking down in guilt.</p>

      <p>“How can you all forgive them?! They’ve always suppressed us with their power! They threaten us into subordination! I cannot forgive that! Saint Erica came to this city to fight against such tyranny! Yet...!”</p>

      <p>After yelling his heart out, the young man hung his head in silence.</p>

      <p>“We have to avenge her...” someone eventually murmured.</p>

      <p>“Yes, we must...!”</p>

      <p>“Let’s fight! Let’s take on the army outside the city!”</p>

      <p>The people from the Holy Democratic Republic of Erica began a call for a war of revenge. Their passionate belief in Erica seemed to transmit to the residents of the city, who began to adopt expressions of resolution.</p>

      <p>“Yeah! Let us fight too!”</p>

      <p>“Me too!”</p>

      <p>“We can’t forgive what they’ve done!”</p>

      <p>“Grab your weapons!”</p>

      <p>Once the dam broke, the residents began blurting out their pent-up emotions.</p>

      <p>But there was a different voice among them.</p>

      <p>“You must not...” Erica, who should have been dead, suddenly said.</p>

      <p>“Wha—?!”</p>

      <p>The people closest to her stirred at the sound of her voice. The next moment, the staff in her chest vanished into thin air.</p>

      <p>Light wrapped around her body, rapidly closing the hole in her chest. The unrealistic scene was almost divine.</p>

      <p>Everyone was speechless. Gilbert trembled as he witnessed Erica reviving before himself, letting out a noise of joy. “O-Ooh...”</p>

      <p>“I will be the one to fight. This is a crusade. As a hero and the Saint, I must be the one to protect everyone. That’s why...!”</p>

      <p>Erica materialized her staff once more, holding it in her right hand. She stabbed the end into the ground and staggered to her feet. There wasn’t a soul who wasn’t moved by the sight of the weak Saint declaring to fight after a miraculous revival.</p>

      <p>“I will fight in everyone’s place! I was given this power to do that! I summon thee, beast of the land!” Erica yelled, raising her staff high.</p>

      <p>Several seconds later...</p>

      <p>“WROOOOOOH!”</p>

      <p>The roar of a destructive monster echoed throughout Duke Gregory’s territory.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>