<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter10_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Aishia was clutching her head and groaning in pain. “Urgh...”</p>

      <p>“A-Aishia?!” Rio called out in a panic.</p>

      <p>“Damn it, I can’t use my full power while possessing another. And my memory has been affected by that one...!” Erica muttered hatefully. She also seemed to be experiencing pain, as she was pressing her forehead while glaring at Aishia.</p>

      <p>Rio took that chance to send a slash of wind her way.</p>

      <p>“Dragon King. Why has your power declined even more than mine? Have you also possessed that creature because of them?”</p>

      <p>Erica sent a tremendous amount of magic essence into her arm, catching Rio’s sword.</p>

      <p>“I have no idea what you’re saying,” Rio said, sweating profusely. He didn’t know what was going on, but Erica was even stronger than the beast of the land right now. That was the only thing he knew.</p>

      <p>“Have you lost even more memories than me? No... That woman resides within you? And that woman’s soul is... What is the meaning of this?”</p>

      <p>Erica looked between Rio and Aishia questioningly.</p>

      <p>“I... I...” Aishia seemed to be in terrible pain.</p>

      <p>“Does that woman have two souls? No... This woman is an empty shell. The soul I sense over there has a far stronger aura to it.”</p>

      <p>Erica suddenly looked over at the lake. She then glared at Rio in suspicion. “Dragon King. You haven’t betrayed me as well, have you...?”</p>

      <p>“I said I have no idea! Who are you?! What happened to Saint Erica?!” Rio yelled.</p>

      <p>Just then, Erica yelled in Erica’s voice. “Stop! Stop it! Who are you?”</p>

      <p>Her voice changed to the man’s voice. “Me? I’m the Saint. Saint Erica. No, I’m...!”</p>

      <p>Erica started groaning in pain again.</p>

      <p>“This is my fight!” she yelled in her own voice. “Don’t get in my way!”</p>

      <p>There appeared to be someone else within Erica—someone who was a man.</p>

      <p>“Fool. You’re nothing more than a mere puppet. This is not your war,” the man inside Erica said to her.</p>

      <p>“No!” she yelled in desperation. “This is my crusade! No one has the right to stop me!”</p>

      <p>“You are irrelevant! I... I...!” The man inside Erica appeared to be just as confused. “You are no agent of god! There are no gods in this world—they have all left! The only fools that haven’t accepted that are the demigods!”</p>

      <p>“That’s right, there are no gods in this world! That’s why I was trying to become god! I wanted to exact divine punishment!”</p>

      <p>“You are an imitation of a god! No, you are a mere puppet!”</p>

      <p>Erica and the man’s voice argued loudly with each other.</p>

      <p>“Damn it... I can’t remain as myself for that long, yet... Argh, forget it! It’s annoying enough having the Dragon King’s interference. In that case...”</p>

      <p>The man within Erica seemed to be in a hurry. She glared in the direction of the lake.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” She accelerated rapidly, leaving them all behind.</p>

      <p>“No! Aishia...!” Rio yelled, about to chase after Erica. But he paused upon seeing Aishia curled up in pain.</p>

      <p>“Sorry... Go on ahead...” Aishia groaned.</p>

      <p>“All right...!” Rio moved faster as he flew after Erica.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>At the lake located five kilometers from the territory capital of Greille, the army led by William Lopes had just returned to the base.</p>

      <p>“It’s been a few minutes since the beast of the land disappeared...” Francois murmured, gazing in the direction of Greille from aboard the enchanted airship.</p>

      <p>Just then, one of the ship’s crew came running over. “Your Majesty, almost all personnel have finished boarding.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>With the beast of the land gone, there was a possibility the fight was over. However, with no way of knowing the victor, they could only send a scout or wait for Rio or someone else to come back. Francois hesitated over whether he should give the order to depart for some moments.</p>

      <p>“Inform me when all boarding is completed,” he decided eventually. If the battle was over, someone may still return to them. He wanted to delay his decision until everyone was on board.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Majesty!”</p>

      <p>The crew member who came to make the report quickly departed. Then—</p>

      <p>“They’ve returned! Over there!” Miharu shouted from the deck, pointing at Orphia and Ariel, who was carrying Gouki’s group.</p>

      <p><em>They’re all safe. That means...</em></p>

      <p>Did they win? He couldn’t see Rio and Aishia anywhere. For now, he’d have to hear what happened from Gouki. However, someone suddenly appeared, passing by Ariel.</p>

      <p>“What? Saint Erica...?!”</p>

      <p>Indeed, it was Erica, flying through the air. Her arrival out of the blue left everyone looking up, lost for words.</p>

      <p>“I’ve found you, accomplice to the traitor. I see you’ve also possessed a human soul like the Dragon King, though I cannot fathom why...”</p>

      <p>The person who looked just like Erica glared down at a girl on the deck. At the end of her gaze was Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?” She looked confused as to why she was being glared at.</p>

      <p>“It would be easy to kill you right now...” Erica held a hand out at Miharu. A beam of destructive light extended towards Miharu. She was standing beside Celia and Latifa, who would inevitably be caught in the attack.</p>

      <p>In the last moment before the beam hit—</p>

      <p>“Haaah!”</p>

      <p>Rio appeared before them. He poured all his magic essence into his sword to deflect the destructive beam in another direction.</p>

      <p>“Why do you interfere, Dragon King?”</p>

      <p>The person inside Erica looked down upon Rio.</p>

      <p>“Why do you want to kill them?”</p>

      <p>With Miharu, Celia, and Latifa behind him, Rio shot Erica a deathly cold glare.</p>

      <p>“If I answer that, I will no longer remain me. That woman over there forced that limitation on me. Fortunately, it seems there are no demons around...”</p>

      <p>“Limitation? Demons? What are you...?”</p>

      <p>“Either way, there’s no time. Which is also that wicked woman’s fault.” Erica tried to fire another destructive beam at Miharu.</p>

      <p>However, using flying spirit arts, Rio stopped the spell right before it reached him. He used a wind-clad slash to drive Erica away from the airship. In fact, he slammed the attack into her—a regular human would have been crushed by the destructive force of his swing, but...</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Erica caught the blow with a cool expression. The impact only knocked her back a little.</p>

      <p>In which case...</p>

      <p>“I’ll distract her! Run away!” Rio yelled, beginning a fierce attack on Erica.</p>

      <p>“Take off now!” Francois immediately ordered. But no matter how much they hurried, it would take a few minutes before they could depart.</p>

      <p>“Did you think I’d let you run?” Erica said coolly, blocking Rio’s slashing attack with both arms. In the next moment, she disappeared from before him, moving rapidly to the side.</p>

      <p>She silently held her right hand towards the airship, preparing to fire a destructive burst of energy. She seemed to be intent on aiming at Miharu aboard the ship. But Rio kept up with her speed using wind spirit arts, swinging his sword to interrupt her.</p>

      <p>“It seems you have the speed, at least. In that case...”</p>

      <p>Erica frowned in annoyance, sweeping her arm to the side powerfully. The next instant, the sword that had accompanied Rio through countless battles...</p>

      <p>“Wh—”</p>

      <p>...shattered into pieces.</p>

      <p>“Hah!” Rio immediately abandoned his bladeless sword handle and closed in on Erica empty-handed. He used his punches and kicks to slam spirit arts into her.</p>

      <p>“How irksome.”</p>

      <p>Erica tried to brush him off, but he saw through her movements and evaded her accordingly.</p>

      <p>Rio’s attacks were fearsome; he obviously surpassed the realm of being simply a human in combat. Those who were watching their fierce battle from below were overwhelmed by the sight.</p>

      <p>However, Erica was unfazed. “You’ve truly weakened, Dragon King.”</p>

      <p>“Ugh! Hhaaah!”</p>

      <p>With a one-armed shoulder throw, Rio hurled Erica at the ground. He accelerated his own speed to descend with her, stomping down on her abdomen as she fell. A small crater formed at the point of impact, but...</p>

      <p>“Hmph.”</p>

      <p>With her back to the ground, Erica held her hand up and fired a bullet of light at Rio. It was only twenty or so centimeters in length, but it was too fast to evade. On top of that, it contained extremely condensed magic essence.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” Rio barely managed to raise his arms and create a barrier of essence to guard himself. When the bullet made its direct hit against it...</p>

      <p>“Guh...!” The fierce knock back sent him flying.</p>

      <p>Erica fired several additional bullets after Rio’s retreating form, and they all found their mark. The explosion swallowed Rio, blowing him back even farther.</p>

      <p>“Haruto!” Several girls screamed at the chain of attacks Rio had taken.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Erica looked away from Rio and towards the airship with Miharu on board. While she was distracted, Gouki, Kayoko, and Aria all made a move, swinging at her with all their strength. But with her pale, thin limbs, Erica caught all of their attacks. She then brushed them away like flies.</p>

      <p>“Wugh...”</p>

      <p>Gouki and the others easily went flying.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Orphia fired a rain of arrows at Erica. Several made a direct hit, but they bounced off of Erica’s body as though it were made of rock.</p>

      <p>“Alma!”</p>

      <p>“Right!”</p>

      <p>Sara and Alma placed their hands on the ground and activated a spirit art together. One side used ice while the other used dirt to bury Erica alive.</p>

      <p>“Oh no!”</p>

      <p>“The art is...!”</p>

      <p>The formation was obstructed as though the activation of their art had been denied.</p>

      <p>“Infants of the species that inherited our blessings. Did you really think that such child’s play could seal the upper high class spirit of earth?” Erica said to them.</p>

      <p>“The upper high class spirit of earth...? Are you saying...?”</p>

      <p>Sara and the others were dumbfounded.</p>

      <p>“...” Erica didn’t answer them. Just then, the kingdom’s army started attacking as well. But Erica paid them no mind as she held her hand out towards the airship once again. Then, Miharu came running out of the airship.</p>

      <p>“Wait! Don’t go, Miharu!” Satsuki was following her in a fluster. Erica aimed her hand at Miharu as soon as she was off the ship.</p>

      <p>“She’s definitely aiming at me! That’s why I have to leave the ship! You can’t come after me!” Miharu was yelling as she tried to move to somewhere with no one around, but...</p>

      <p>“There’s no way you can do that!”</p>

      <p>Naturally, Satsuki won in physical ability. She caught up to Miharu quickly, holding her spear-shaped Divine Arms ready to protect Miharu.</p>

      <p>“...” Erica released a destructive light without thinking twice.</p>

      <p>“I won’t let you! Ugh...!” Aishia said, cutting in. She stood before Miharu and Satsuki, casting a barrier of magic essence to block the light.</p>

      <p>“Ai-chan!”</p>

      <p>“Fall back! This man is after you, Miharu!”</p>

      <p>Erica was clearly a woman, yet for some reason, Aishia had called her a man. At that moment, the headache seemed to strike once again, as Aishia grimaced in pain.</p>

      <p>“Perfect. You can all die together.” The destructive light Erica released expanded.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...!” The barrier Aishia had created was unable to withstand its strength and began creaking.</p>

      <p>“Ai-chan! If you don’t have enough magic essence, take mine...!”</p>

      <p>Miharu clung to Aishia’s back, pouring all the magic essence she had into her. At that, Aishia seemed to realize something; her eyes widened in shock. For a moment, Aishia froze, staring into space as though time had stopped.</p>

      <p>“I’ll help!” Satsuki put up a barrier of wind to reinforce Aishia’s essence barrier.</p>

      <p>“Miharu, this man has a grudge against you and me...” Aishia suddenly said, as though she had remembered something.</p>

      <p>“A grudge on us...?”</p>

      <p>Whatever for? Miharu was bewildered, unable to think of a reason why. As she was thinking that, Aishia’s barrier was on the verge of breaking.</p>

      <p>“Haaaaaah!” Suddenly, Rio returned from being blown away by the earlier attack. He came up beside Aishia and held out both hands to support the barrier with her.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...”</p>

      <p>Even then, pushed by the destructive light, Rio and the others inched backwards.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ignis Iecit</em>!” A ball of fire came flying from the airship. The sorcerers of the kingdom had made an attack. Liselotte and Charlotte were among them. Fireballs struck Erica’s body in succession, enveloping her flesh in flames. But those flames were also extinguished instantly.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>