<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter10">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 10: For Whom Is the Crusade</h1>

      <p>“Aaaaaah!” Erica screamed, clutching her head in distress.</p>

      <p>Everyone was taken aback by the sudden change in her.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” Gouki shouted, leaping back.</p>

      <p>Spears of dirt rose from the ground, creating a circle protecting Erica. They spread at a tremendous speed, filling a hundred-meter radius around her. Everyone, including Gouki, managed to evade the attack.</p>

      <p>“Get on.” Orphia descended with Ariel.</p>

      <p>“Many thanks!”</p>

      <p>Gouki, Kayoko, and Aria all jumped onto Ariel’s back. Meanwhile, the crowd that Orphia had been keeping back saw what had happened on the battlefield and scattered back towards the city.</p>

      <p>“Are you okay?!”</p>

      <p>Rio and Aishia also descended from the sky.</p>

      <p>“Yes, all present and accounted for!” Gouki replied stiffly.</p>

      <p>“What in the world happened here?” Rio asked, looking down at Erica as she screamed.</p>

      <p>“She suddenly started screaming... Even though she was fine when we killed her all those times...” Confused, Gouki followed Rio’s gaze down to Erica.</p>

      <p>Then, it happened.</p>

      <p>Erica’s screams came to a sudden stop. She slowly raised the head she had clutched in her hands.</p>

      <p>The dirt spears surrounding Erica separated from the ground, shooting up towards them. Each one only had the force of a lower-grade attack spell, but there were enough to cover the whole sky. Controlling this many spears of dirt was no easy task. It was clearly Erica’s doing.</p>

      <p>Rio and Aishia lowered their altitude to protect Ariel. But it seemed like most of the dirt spears were aimed at Aishia.</p>

      <p>“Orphia, get everyone away immediately!”</p>

      <p>“Right!” At Rio’s order, Orphia immediately rose higher into the sky with Ariel. Meanwhile...</p>

      <p>“...” Seeing the trajectory of the spears aimed at her, Aishia deduced that Erica was able to freely control them. She flew to lure the spears away from everyone.</p>

      <p>“Aishia!” Rio sent magic essence into his sword, slashing away some of the spears. There were too many to cut down in one swing, so he repeated his slashes again and again.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to fight with Aishia! Retreat to the base!” Rio shouted at Orphia, intuitively sensing something was wrong. Orphia did as she was told and flew away with Ariel, leaving Rio and Aishia in the sky alone. Saint Erica was still on the ground. She had been watching the spears fly about without any emotion, until...</p>

      <p>“Heh... Hehehe...”</p>

      <p>“Ha! Bwahaha!”</p>

      <p>Two laughs overlapped with each other; the voices had both come from Erica. The same person was speaking, yet the two voices were different. One was clearly feminine, while the other was masculine. The feminine voice indisputably belonged to Erica, but the masculine voice was unfamiliar.</p>

      <p><em>What...?! </em>Rio cut down more spears as he watched the ground in disbelief.</p>

      <p>“...” Aishia had been preparing her magic essence while luring the dirt spears after herself. She cast several hundred orbs of light around herself, sending them hurtling towards Erica on the ground.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” Erica swung her empty-handed arm. All the orbs Aishia had released disappeared.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Rio was speechless.</p>

      <p>“Hah!” Erica immediately leaped at Aria at a tremendous speed. Her physical abilities were far greater than anything Rio had seen from her up until now. She closed the distance to Aishia instantly.</p>

      <p>“I won’t let you...!” Rio wedged his body between them.</p>

      <p>“Out of my way!” The voice of an annoyed man left Erica’s mouth. She swung her fist to shake Rio off. Rio brought down his sword with the intention to sever her arm, but he couldn’t cut it.</p>

      <p><em>That can’t be...</em></p>

      <p>Rio’s sword and Erica’s arm clashed midair, but Erica had far more physical strength, and was overpowering him easily. Rio used his wind spirit arts to push back with all his might.</p>

      <p>“Why do you hinder me, Dragon King?!” Erica yelled in a man’s voice, glaring at Rio.</p>

      <p>“What are you saying...?!”</p>

      <p>“That woman betrayed us both!”</p>

      <p>“I said what—”</p>

      <p><em>What was she going on about?! </em>Rio couldn’t make any sense of it. He was confused beyond belief.</p>

      <p>“We must kill that woman!”</p>

      <p>“I won’t let you!” Rio raised his voice, desperately protecting Aishia.</p>

      <p>“Why?!” Erica raged, her power increasing explosively in a single instant.</p>

      <p>“Guh!” Rio finally lost to her strength and was blown backwards. Fortunately, they were in the air. He used his wind spirit arts to immediately decelerate, minimizing the distance he was sent back. He quickly came up beside Aishia once again.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>