<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 20</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“I understand. I will search for it.” Rio got the gist of it and agreed.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. Please apologize to Rikka for me. She was a very good girl...”</p>

      <p>“I will.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you... Goodbye, true hero. I’m sure you know this already, but be very careful of the other heroes...”</p>

      <p>With those final words, spoken with satisfaction, the light finally disappeared from Erica’s eyes.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Once upon a time, there were fourteen transcendent ones in the world. The one and only god of that world created a handful of absolute rules.</p>

      <p>Not even the fourteen transcendent ones could escape those rules.</p>

      <p>And now, over a thousand years later, one of those rules had been triggered.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Beside the lake, Miharu, Celia, Latifa, the other girls, and the people of the Galarc Kingdom were all standing, stunned. Not a single person could even begin to comprehend what had just happened.</p>

      <p>They had witnessed a cataclysm before their very eyes, and then that cataclysm had vanished completely. Their utter confusion was very much justified.</p>

      <p>Then, someone spoke up.</p>

      <p>“Wait...” they said in a very panicked voice.</p>

      <p>“Who’s that fighting over there?”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>