<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>This is Isle Osaki. Thank you for buying volume nine of <em>Zero Believers</em>. The last volume was the standard fantasy battle against the demon lord, but this time, we had a completely different enemy. As far as strength went, this one was the strongest of the lot, and Makoto was in real trouble. Of course, if you’ve read the series, then I don’t have to tell you that it’s going to get even more difficult. From this point on, things are going to be <em>really</em> tough for him.</p>

      <p>The story is reaching its endgame now. In the next volume, the whole cast, apart from Makoto, will be new. We’ll have some new heroines as well, and they’ll be very charming. This will be the longest arc so far, so I hope you enjoy it.</p>

      <p>We’re now in the fourth year since I started this series in 2019. I’m truly grateful that I’ve been able to continue for this long.</p>

      <p>I would like to thank Tam-U for the wonderful character and cover illustrations (as always). To Hakuto Shiroi, I want to say that Sasa is wonderful in the manga. S took the lead on editing this time, so thank you as well. Finally, to my readers, I hope you will continue to enjoy <em>Zero Believers</em> in the future.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>