<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>Hmm, I must have given her the wrong impression...</em></p>

      <p>“No, I’m not... I’m looking for one, though.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re one of their comrades!” the girl exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“By the way, I don’t really know the area... Do you know where we are?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” the girl looked up at me doubtfully. She was obviously confused about why I would even ask that. Guess it was a really weird question...</p>

      <p>“W-Well, I was actually attacked by a really strong monster before I got here,” I explained. “I hit my head, so I don’t remember much.”</p>

      <p>It was a painful excuse, but...she let out a sigh. I didn’t know whether she believed me, but she didn’t ask any more questions. After all, she <em>did</em> owe me her life.</p>

      <p>“This is Demon Lord Bifrons’s human farm.”</p>

      <p>That was...a lot to unpack. Suddenly, Ira’s comments came flooding back to me. I was supposed to land someplace significant to me.<em> </em>A demon lord... I’d struck the final blow against him in my time, but what’s more, I’d <em>spoken</em> to him. That was definitely significant.</p>

      <p>It seemed like I’d ended up in the Undead King’s territory.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>