<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5 — Makoto Takatsuki Awakens</h1>

      <p>I opened my eyes to an unfamiliar ceiling.</p>

      <p>It was dizzyingly high, easily more than ten meters above my head. Around me, stained glass artwork depicted angels and gods. <em>Where am I? </em>I wondered, looking around. But the moment I shifted, something jumped into my view.</p>

      <p>“Makoto!”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki!”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa grabbed me, clinging with viselike strength.</p>

      <p><em>Ugh... Can’t breathe...</em></p>

      <p>“L-Lucy, Sasa...”</p>

      <p>I was about to tell them to calm down, but the words caught in my throat. Tears and snot were streaming down their faces.</p>

      <p><em>U-Uh? Guys, I just woke up—what’s going on? I was in the middle of fighting the Hero of the Sun, and then... I remember now!</em></p>

      <p>“Sasa!”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“He hurt you bad! How are your wounds?!”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Oh! I’m fine. My <em>Extra Lives</em> brought me back good as new. Look.” She rolled up her shirt to show her stomach. There wasn’t a mark on it. “Want to check?”</p>

      <p>She picked up my hand and held it to the spot where she’d been injured. <em>Her skin’s so smooth... Wait, not the time!</em></p>

      <p>“I-I get it,” I said awkwardly, lowering her shirt and pulling my hand back.</p>

      <p>“No fair!” Lucy sulked, grabbing onto me again.</p>

      <p>“Sorry. Are you all good too?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Yup. Fine.”</p>

      <p>She buried her head in my chest. Sasa joined in the cuddle pile as well.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto,” said a voice from behind me.</p>

      <p>“Sophia?”</p>

      <p>“Fool...” she murmured. She placed a hand on each of my cheeks, and I noticed that she’d been crying.</p>

      <p>What...had happened to me? My memories were still vague.</p>

      <p>“When Eir told me you’d died...I...I...” She broke off.</p>

      <p>I remained quiet for a long moment. “Sorry, Sophia.”</p>

      <p>It was coming back to me now. As payment for the transformation, I’d died.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki!” yelled another familiar voice.</p>

      <p><em>Guess it’s Sakurai’s turn now. </em>“Hey,” I said, turning to him. “Looks like I worried you all.”</p>

      <p>He gave a watery smile, though his tears still fell. “You really did. But I’m glad you’re alive.”</p>

      <p><em>Have I seen everyone? Who’s left? Oh, right! Where’s Furiae?</em></p>

      <p>I glanced around, looking this way and that, before spotting the black-haired beauty standing a little ways away. Her mouth was hanging open, and the expression didn’t exactly match her otherwise refined looks.</p>

      <p>“Heeeyyy? Princess?” I called out. I stood, and then started to walk toward her.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Sakurai spoke up, his voice sounding strained. “T-Takatsuki! You should, uh, put on some clothes...”</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>It was then that I realized...</p>

      <p>I was buck naked.</p>

      <p><em>Whaaaaat?! Why?!</em></p>

      <p>Why had none of them told me?!</p>

      <p>“Wear this, Makoto Takatsuki,” Estelle said, handing me a robe. I hadn’t seen her approach, but I hurriedly pulled on the offered garment. Phew.</p>

      <p>I peered around again. Other than my party, Princess Sophia and her guards were present, along with Princess Noelle and her guards, Sakurai, and Estelle. What a strange lineup. Needless to say, the Hero of the Sun was not here. The pope was also absent.</p>

      <p>Turning to Estelle, I asked the question that was on my mind. “Ira, was it you who brought me back?”</p>

      <p>“It was. I used a <em>Miracle of Resurrection</em>.”</p>

      <p>At her words, everyone around us practically jumped. Gradually, they all started backing away.</p>

      <p>“Ira...you descended?” Princess Noelle asked, speaking for everyone. That prompted her guards, Princess Sophia’s guards, and Lucy to immediately kneel. Sakurai and Sasa hurriedly followed suit.</p>

      <p>Since this was the site of a goddess’s descent onto the mortal plane, I should’ve been kneeling as well. However, I had a complaint to make.</p>

      <p>“Ira. What happened back there with the Hero of the Sun? We were in real trouble. I want you to deal with it properly.”</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Makoto?!” Princess Noelle sputtered.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia’s shock was nearly identical. “Hero Makoto?! Is that really the tone you want to use?!”</p>

      <p><em>It’s all good, guys. Ira’s fairly nice.</em></p>

      <p>“I can now explain what happened with the Hero of the Sun,” Ira said. “Also, correct your use of the word ‘fairly.’ I am an <em>overwhelmingly</em> loving goddess.”</p>

      <p>“Sure.”</p>

      <p>“Noah’s children are always so mouthy... Well, no matter.”</p>

      <p>See, she forgave me. Ira was just a bit <em>tsundere</em>. Oh yeah—I wanted to talk to Noah as well. She was probably angry about me dying, huh?</p>

      <p><em>Noaaah? Are you watching?</em></p>

      <p>Silence.</p>

      <p>Was she <em>that</em> mad?</p>

      <p>“Noah is indeed watching,” Ira confirmed. “But I currently have a <em>Divine Barrier</em> in place, so her voice cannot reach you.”</p>

      <p>Got it. I’d have to apologize later.</p>

      <p>“To the next point at hand,” Ira continued. “I shall have someone explain the sequence of events that took place.”</p>

      <p>As she spoke, a huge magic circle appeared in the air. It was iridescent, shining with every color of the rainbow. <em>A summoning circle?</em> Who was she bringing through?</p>

      <p>Suddenly, a torrent of mana blasted out of Estelle’s body, and all of it was sucked in to the circle. No human could’ve contained that amount of power—any mortal would’ve run out of mana. A figure manifested within the circle, glowing bright with magic, and began to descend.</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle gasped in surprise. “Wha...?”</p>

      <p>The woman who’d appeared was tall, blonde, and wearing white armor. She was also gorgeous. Well, I got that impression, but because she was radiating so much light, it was impossible to look directly at her. She was definitely not human—intuitively, she felt like a being that existed above mere mortals.</p>

      <p>“Raise your heads,” she said.</p>

      <p>That was when I realized that Princess Noelle, Sakurai, and Princess Sophia were on their knees once again. And it wasn’t just them—Lucy, Sasa, and Furiae had also fallen to the floor. Everyone had their heads bowed, and it looked like they’d even forgotten to breathe.</p>

      <p>Vacantly, I noticed that I was the only one still standing. Wait, no, Ira was on her feet as well, though she wore a more humble expression than usual.</p>

      <p><em>Should...I be kneeling too?</em></p>

      <p>I exchanged a glance with Ira, but she didn’t say anything. Even<em> </em>a <em>goddess</em> was deferring to the new arrival, which meant...</p>

      <p>“I am Althena,” said the woman. She spoke somewhat brusquely, as if confirming my mental speculation.</p>

      <p>This was the Goddess of the Sun, Althena, ruler of the world...and she was standing right in front of me.</p>

      <p>Everyone knew her as the leader of the seven goddesses, the divine governing pillar of the world. She was the eldest daughter of Jupiter and the goddess of both victory and justice. As the sun goddess, she was the figure worshiped by the majority of the faithful on this continent.</p>

      <p>Her body was emitting so much light, and it was impossible to directly make out the details of her features. Her feet didn’t even touch the floor as she floated in our eyeline. Quietly, the goddess looked down at us.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>