<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“G-Grandsage?!” I yelped.</p>

      <p>She chuckled. “You’re always pleasant,” she murmured, stroking my skin. “Your body is just as clean as your blood. I never would have thought you were an adventurer.”</p>

      <p>I sighed. “Well, I use water magic every morning and night to shower, and if I get sweaty, I get rid of it right away.”</p>

      <p>“Huh, you do?” Furiae asked in surprise. “That sounds nice. Do it for me at some point too.”</p>

      <p>“I did it for Sasa, but she said it tickled like I was touching her everywhere,” I warned.</p>

      <p>“How filthy... I’ll pass.”</p>

      <p>“By the way, Grandsage, aren’t you going to— What are you doing?!”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, she’d started to pull my shirt off.</p>

      <p>“Hm? Well, always using your neck gets boring,” she said, tracing delicate fingers over my chest. She looked about twelve years old or so. At first, it was almost like she was a kid playing around, but knowing her actual age made the gesture feel oddly alluring. Her large red eyes looked up at me as she put a cold hand on my cheek.</p>

      <p>“Now then...time to punish my rude servant for sneaking into where I sleep.”</p>

      <p>I gave a long pause. “I’m your guardian knight, not your servant,” I pointed out.</p>

      <p>“Close enough.”</p>

      <p><em>Was it?</em> During that exchange, she kept pulling my clothes off. Though she wasn’t using her hands, <em>something</em> was deftly undoing my buttons. Was this...spatial manipulation?</p>

      <p>I sat back and watched her magic, feeling impressed by it. Then, a yell came from my side.</p>

      <p>“M-My knight! Why are you just letting her do that?!” Furiae demanded, her cheeks red.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Grandsage, Princess isn’t happy with it, so no more.”</p>

      <p>“Miser,” she complained. She then put her arms around my back and sank her teeth into my neck like normal. Actually, not like normal. She didn’t just have her arms around me—she’d even wrapped her legs around my waist like some sort of koala.</p>

      <p><em>Whew, this is kinda hot. </em>I listened to her drink my blood down until she licked up the final drops and healed the punctures with a touch.</p>

      <p>“Well then, now that I’ve had my fill, I am going to rest until my trip. You can use the place however you like.” After that, she fell back onto the sofa. She seemed kinda tired. Normally, she would keep chatting.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe she’s still exhausted after the last fight?</em></p>

      <p>“Grandsage, will you be all right in Caol Ilan?” I said to her back. “Make sure you rest up proper—”</p>

      <p>I hadn’t expected a response, but an answer interrupted me regardless. “You worry about yourself. Things are about to get much more difficult for you.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not going to happen. I’ll just leave the strong guys to Sakurai.”</p>

      <p>Honestly, it felt like the last battle was going to be the worst of it. As long as we watched out for the <em>Clouds of Darkness</em>, Sakurai was pretty much unbeatable. I’d just be taking things easy far from the front lines. Obviously, though, I’d go help him if he needed it.</p>

      <p>“No. Things are going to get much more difficult for <em>you</em>.”</p>

      <p>She said it as if it was set in stone. It almost sounded like...</p>

      <p>“Is that <em>Future Sight</em>?” I asked. Had she foreseen me befalling some terrible fate?</p>

      <p>“Not exactly. I can only see about a minute ahead, not the distant future.”</p>

      <p>“Even that much is pretty unfair, isn’t it?” That level of clairvoyance was pretty much perfect for positioning during a fight.</p>

      <p>“Whoops. It’s a secret—make sure you don’t tell Rosalie.”</p>

      <p>“You told <em>me</em> pretty easily...”</p>

      <p>“I’m heading to sleep now. Don’t wake me up.” Suddenly, I heard soft breathing coming from her. <em>She must have actually gone to sleep.</em></p>

      <p>I really wanted to hear <em>what</em> in my future was going to be hard... <em>Some other time, I guess.</em> I glanced over at Furiae and found her eyes fixed on me.</p>

      <p>“Princess?”</p>

      <p>“I’m heading back,” she replied after a moment, stalking off toward the entrance.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, hold up!” I rushed after her. “What’s up?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing.”</p>

      <p>“Are you angry?”</p>

      <p>“I am not!”</p>

      <p>She sure seemed like she was. Neither of us said anything after that—I just followed her silently as she left the estate.</p>

      <p>“Why did you even bring me?” she finally snapped. “You’re her guardian knight, aren’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Well, I was yours first.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph! A likely story! After how you were so touchy-feely with her!”</p>

      <p>“That’s pretty much how it always is.”</p>

      <p>“She’s always...?” Her eyes widened in shock as she turned to me. <em>I suppose the Grandsage may have been a touch more extreme this time.</em></p>

      <p>Furiae let out a tired sigh and sank down onto a nearby bench. I sat next to her. She wore an unhappy frown.</p>

      <p>“I’m thirsty,” she murmured.</p>

      <p>Oh, was this my chance to get out of the doghouse?</p>

      <p>“Wait a minute,” I said, pulling a cup and some fruit from my snack pack. The fruit was something tropical-looking—it was easily preserved by keeping it cool.</p>

      <p><em>Water Magic: Ice Cutter</em>.</p>

      <p>I used ice blades to peel it, remove the seeds, and blitz the fruit as a whole. I conjured even finer ice crystals and mixed them throughout the pulp, then slid everything into the cup. I handed it over to her, wishing I had a straw as well.</p>

      <p>“What’s this?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“An Otherworld Tropical Smoothie.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll try it...” Doubtfully, she took a sip. Then she exclaimed, “This is amazing!” before practically chugging it down.</p>

      <p><em>Ah...if you drink that fast—</em></p>

      <p>“Ow, my head! Is this a curse?!”</p>

      <p>“You shouldn’t drink iced things so quickly...” I said, explaining about brain freezes and prompting her to take another, slower sip.</p>

      <p>She cheered up again. Girls really do love smoothies! (Just a bit of a stereotype.)</p>

      <p>This drink was something Fujiyan and I had come up with—it should be popular in this world. However, Nina had said it’d cost too much to hire someone that could make them with water magic like I did, so ultimately, the idea had never been used.</p>

      <p>“Aaah.” Furiae sighed happily. “That was delicious. You need to make it again.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, any time. You’re the first one to try it, so I’m glad you enjoyed.”</p>

      <p>“I was the first... Hmmm.” As she sat on the bench, she swung her legs in the air. It was a habit of hers when she was in a good mood. “Say, my knight. You and that merchant are always thinking up new products. What else is there?”</p>

      <p>“I can only really help with water magic... But Fujiyan’s got a whole bunch of ideas.”</p>

      <p>“Tell me.”</p>

      <p>“Well, lately...” I quickly launched into an explanation of one of his more recent projects.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Eventually, after killing enough time, Furiae and I headed back to the castle. Lucy and Sasa were both snoozing against each other, and the ceremony itself was still going on.</p>

      <p><em>I think they’re from Great Keith</em>, I considered as I looked at the person onstage.</p>

      <p>“You took your time.” Princess Sophia shot me a glare.</p>

      <p>I apologized as I sat down in my chair. “How’s it going?”</p>

      <p>“You should be called in an hour.”</p>

      <p>An hour... That was ages away. When I glanced up at the stage again, I noticed something: the warrior from Great Keith was talking about how great their country was.</p>

      <p>“Sophia, do I have to do that as well?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Of course you do... Have you not thought of a speech?”</p>

      <p>I’d been given homework?! “I...haven’t...”</p>

      <p>“I told you over and over.” She sighed. “Fine, let’s think of something together.”</p>

      <p>“Right...”</p>

      <p>Furiae glowered at me—apparently, I’d picked the wrong time to run away from my obligations.</p>

      <p>“Start by introducing yourself,” said Princess Sophia. “State your position.”</p>

      <p>“It’s ‘hero,’ right?”</p>

      <p>“‘State-Authorized Hero General Makoto Takatsuki of the Roses Royal Family’ is your official title.”</p>

      <p><em>Huh, didn’t know that. It’s really that long?</em></p>

      <p>“Then, after that...”</p>

      <p>“Uh... So if I...”</p>

      <p>“You should make it a little longer. Also...”</p>

      <p>Thanks to her help, we just about made it—I even managed to get everything out without tripping over my tongue. I felt almost faint standing in front of nearly ten thousand people. Though, if it had been ten thousand monsters, I would’ve been fine.</p>

      <p>“Calm down, Takatsuki,” Sakurai soothed from behind me.</p>

      <p>Chances are, I would’ve bolted if not for his encouragement. <em>He really </em>is<em> handsome, inside and out...</em> Oh, the award itself? It was some money and land or something. I hadn’t really been listening.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>With that, our business in Highland was finally over.</p>

      <p>However, Iblis would be resurrected in a few days, and then the heroes would all reconvene in Highland again anyway. We could head back to Roses temporarily...but that was more effort. We were thinking over what we should do when a messenger arrived with a letter.</p>

      <p>A letter from the pope.</p>

      <p>Remnants of the Snake Sect had been sighted near the capital.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇</p>

      <p>“Makoto, do we really have to pay attention to his requests?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“Right! He was so awful to Fuu! It was like something out of an ero-doujin!”</p>

      <p>“What’s an ero-doujin?” Furiae asked.</p>

      <p>“Oh! I know!” Lucy exclaimed. “Where the girls say ‘just kill me,’ right?”</p>

      <p>“Lu...how do you know that?”</p>

      <p>Furiae threw her hands up. “I have no idea what either of you are talking about.”</p>

      <p>The three girls continued chattering away. Currently, we were a short distance from the capital poking around some ruins. This was a village that’d been destroyed by a stampede a few decades ago. It had been uninhabited for a while, but there were rumors that the Snake Sect was now using it. We were here at the pope’s request to find out whether that intel was true.</p>

      <p>“It’s not like we have much of a choice,” I pointed out. “Princess Sophia’s in a tricky position.”</p>

      <p>Roses had some Temple Knights, though not many—because of our nation’s lack of defensive personnel, they were on loan from Highland. They fulfilled a similar role to the police in this world and were an indispensable part of public order. However, their allegiance was to the church. In other words, the head of said church could, at any time, recall them “to defend against Iblis.” This would put Roses in a terrible position.</p>

      <p>Of course, such a thing would normally never happen...but refusing the pope could make him go after Furiae again. Thus, we decided to just go along with his request for now.</p>

      <p>“So, are any of the sect here?” Furiae asked, clinging to Sasa’s sleeve and peering around.</p>

      <p>As her guardian knight, it would normally be my role to act as her shield...but she was honestly safest with Sasa.</p>

      <p><em>Scout</em>. I scanned for enemies as we traipsed through the ruins. I saw nothing, though. <em>Well, </em>Scout<em> only has about a hundred-meter radius...</em></p>

      <p>One of us was far better than me at finding enemies, though.</p>

      <p>“How’s it going, Lucy?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Hm, nothing. Can’t hear a thing.” Her hearing had a longer range and was more precise than my skill. So if she couldn’t hear <em>anything</em>...</p>

      <p>“It’s a false lead, huh?” I said.</p>

      <p>“Then what’re we doing hanging around here?” Sasa asked. “Shall we head back?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” If there truly was no one here, we didn’t have any reason to keep looking. I did consider something though—maybe they just weren’t here <em>now</em>. <em>We should stick it out for a bit longer.</em></p>

      <p>“We’ll wait for a while and head back if no one turns up,” I decided.</p>

      <p>Sasa nodded in agreement. “Sure.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” Furiae seemed less content with the plan. “And after we came all the way out here.”</p>

      <p>“Better safe than sorry,” Lucy said.</p>

      <p>We settled down to wait, relaxing in the shade. My <em>Scout</em> was active, and Lucy was paying attention, so an ambush was pretty unlikely.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Thirty minutes or so had passed when I heard a voice.</p>

      <p><em>No... Mak...! Get...of...!</em></p>

      <p>Noah? She sounded so far away. Goddess, what’s wrong?</p>

      <p>No answer. Weird.</p>

      <p>But then...</p>

      <p><em>Thud.</em></p>

      <p>It was a small noise—someone landed on the ground. It seemed as though they’d been flying. I hadn’t even noticed their presence until they were right in front of me. <em>That’s terrifying! They’re so quick and quiet... </em>I felt my skin erupt in goose bumps.</p>

      <p>The man standing in front of us was wearing white armor emblazoned with the goddess’s emblem. A Temple Knight.</p>

      <p>This was the Hero of the Sun, Alexander.</p>

      <p><em>But...why didn’t </em>Scout<em> react to him?</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, what a coincidence,” he said brazenly, a slight smile on his face.</p>

      <p>Coincidence? In a place as deserted as this? No way.</p>

      <p>Silently, I readied my dagger. Lucy lifted her staff and Sasa stood in front of Furiae, who was glaring dubiously at Alexander.</p>

      <p>He grinned openly. “If I could, just let me take that priestess.”</p>

      <p>“Like hell,” I said, refusing immediately.</p>

      <p>He seemed to have expected that since he didn’t look surprised in the least. “Sure, but you don’t actually have the right to say no.” He shrugged.</p>

      <p>“Did the pope put you up to this?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Nope. This is all me.” His face was still fixed in an easy grin. Even if he hadn’t been sent by the pope directly, this whole excursion out of town had been a trap fueled by ideas the pope had set into motion... We shouldn’t have come.</p>

      <p>“Sasa,” I said.</p>

      <p>“I’ll protect her!” she exclaimed fiercely. I called out to the elementals; Lucy readied her mana.</p>

      <p>The hero in front of us just kept grinning. He didn’t make any other moves. “Come on! Resistance is pointless. Just hand her over before you get hurt.” He seemed to view this as a done deal.</p>

      <p>When we still didn’t acquiesce, he apparently decided to force things along. “Haah... I’ve never really enjoyed picking on the weak, but... Hm?” He stopped midway through the statement and glanced up. I followed suit.</p>

      <p>Something was closing on us fast.</p>

      <p>“Furiae!”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki! Aya!”</p>

      <p><em>Sakurai!</em> He and Yokoyama swooped in on a swift pegasus. Sakurai leaped from the pegasus and stood in front of us. Phew! The Hero of Light was here. We could relax.</p>

      <p>“We heard from Princess Noelle that the pope was planning on capturing Furiae,” Sakurai explained.</p>

      <p>Alexander sighed.</p>

      <p>“So <em>you’re</em> here too. But I was told I couldn’t hurt you...”</p>

      <p>Alexander didn’t seem fazed, even with Sakurai in his way. I glanced up, and while there were some clouds, it was nothing like when we’d fought the demon lord. Even in dappled sunlight, Sakurai was practically all-powerful. So why was Alexander so relaxed?</p>

      <p>“Move, Hero of Light,” he said haughtily.</p>

      <p>“I will not,” Sakurai answered, drawing his sword.</p>

      <p>Lucy, Yokoyama, and I moved so we could support him.</p>

      <p>In contrast to our wariness, the Hero of the Sun still seemed utterly at ease. He sighed again. “What a pain.”</p>

      <p>Then, there was a roar—massive waves of aura billowed off Alexander’s body.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Sakurai began to glow, and we were all engulfed in light. His aura must’ve been protecting us from Alexander’s. Though Sakurai’s was much quieter and calmer, it was a match for the aura coming off the Hero of the Sun.</p>

      <p>“Alec, Hero of the Sun. We should not be fighting here. Withdraw.”</p>

      <p>“Of course, Hero of Light. I am not here to fight.”</p>

      <p>“Then—”</p>

      <p>Alexander spoke right over him. “As long as I take that priestess with me.”</p>

      <p>“I cannot allow that.”</p>

      <p>“Then negotiations are over.”</p>

      <p><em>What about this could be considered a negotiation?! </em>Alexander had just made demands without listening to us.</p>

      <p>“Don’t come any closer,” Sakurai warned harshly.</p>

      <p>“Ryousuke...” I heard Furiae murmur uneasily.</p>

      <p>The Hero of Light was supposed to be the strongest, so it should be fine...right?</p>

      <p>Alexander’s smile didn’t falter as he continued closing in on us.</p>

      <p>Sakurai narrowed his eyes. “I’ll go easy on you, so don’t blame me.” He swung his sword, striking the other man with the flat of the blade.</p>

      <p>But Alexander snatched Sakurai’s sword out of the air with his bare hand.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Yokoyama exclaimed in shock.</p>

      <p>“Did you think such a sloppy blow would do anything to me?” Alexander asked. His other hand swiftly darted toward Sakurai’s face.</p>

      <p>“Guh!” Sakurai grunted, backing off.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you dodged? Maybe I held back too much as well.” The Hero of the Sun kept smiling pleasantly. “Come on! Stop this pointlessness and give her to me.”</p>

      <p>“Fine then. I’ll attack properly this time,” Sakurai snarled, his body and sword shining like they had when he’d defeated Zagan.</p>

      <p>Instantly, he vanished from my sight.</p>

      <p><em>Flash, Sword of Light!</em></p>

      <p>There was a small burst of light and an explosion. Then, a blast of wind sent dust scattering in the air around us.</p>

      <p>I saw something fly away—a person.</p>

      <p>“What the...?” I heard someone ask dazedly.</p>

      <p>The figure...was Sakurai.</p>

      <p>Unconscious.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>