<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>This couldn’t go on.</p>

      <p>“All right, Princess, stop,” I said, turning to Furiae.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia spoke in a soothing voice. “Calm down, Lady Noelle.”</p>

      <p>We then pulled them apart. <em>Those two are like cats and dogs! </em>I could understand why they might squabble when Sakurai was present, but even when he wasn’t around, the pair still fought. They were like this <em>all</em> the time.</p>

      <p>“My apologies, Sophia. Please, Sir Makoto, meet with Ryousuke,” Princess Noelle said with a soft smile.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay,” I stammered, nodding along.</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle then bid us farewell and left. I used <em>Listen</em>, and as she departed, I heard her giggle. Under her breath, she whispered, “We’ll be having a real <em>talk</em> tonight, Ryousuke.”</p>

      <p>Ack, she was going yandere. <em>Sorry, Sakurai.</em> I mentally prayed for him.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia rushed off after her, perhaps wanting to converse as they walked. Getting time with busy individuals really was tough.</p>

      <p>And so, the usual peace returned to the room.</p>

      <p><em>Next up...</em></p>

      <p>Since the princess had asked me, I figured I should get it sorted out quickly. I hustled over to Fujiyan.</p>

      <p>“Fujiyan, Fujiyan.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, what is it?”</p>

      <p>“I wanna ask you something.” I lowered my voice to a murmur. “Can you arrange someplace where I can talk to Sakurai privately?” It wouldn’t be easy to get some of his time since he was so central to the war effort. But I figured Fujiyan should be able to help with that.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, he seemed to think it would take him a fair while, even if he utilized his <em>Mind Reading</em> skill to optimize things. “Lady Yokoyama deals with his schedule. If you wish to meet with him, well...you should be prioritized if you simply ask.”</p>

      <p><em>Ah, I remember—Saki Yokoyama is his second-in-command, right? </em>Here, it was all about who you knew. And, true to that, I had an appointment by the very next day.</p>

      <p>I waited for Sakurai in a reserved space in one of the bars in the business district. The place was busy and noisy, but the customers weren’t a bad sort. I wouldn’t have to worry about getting caught up in anything weird.</p>

      <p>As I waited for him, I picked at my fries and sausage. What did he want to talk to me about?</p>

      <p>Considering how diligent he was, did he want to discuss the next step of the Northern Front Plan? We’d just defeated a demon lord, so as long as we prepared ourselves, I figured we should be fine.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, I was pulled from my thoughts.</p>

      <p>“Did I keep you waiting, Takatsuki?” My old friend looked rather glum.</p>

      <p>“I just got here,” I replied. Our exchange was practically the cliché couple’s conversation...</p>

      <p>After greetings, we made our way to a mostly private bar. I got a second ale while Sakurai had fruit juice, and we ordered a fair bit of food as well. We toasted our drinks and just chatted for a while. <em>He looks tired... Or am I just seeing things?</em> He soon gave a little laugh and explained that apparently, his defeat of Zagan had improved morale among the Soleil Knights, but as a result, training had gotten a lot more exhausting.</p>

      <p>After a bit more catching up, Sakurai brought up the reason for our meeting. “By the way, I wanted your advice.”</p>

      <p>“What’s up?” I asked. His expression had grown serious.</p>

      <p>“In that fight against Zagan...I thought I was done for.”</p>

      <p>I paused. “Yeah, it was a pretty sticky spot.”</p>

      <p>So he wanted to talk about<em> that</em>? I mean, it was already over and done with. As long as he’d learned something useful that would help him survive the next time, what was the problem?</p>

      <p><em>Ira’s more engaged now as well. </em></p>

      <p>Those thoughts swirled through my head as I sipped at my ale.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki,” he said, “there’s a significant chance I could lose my life fighting against Iblis. If that happens, will you defeat him with the other heroes?”</p>

      <p>I stared at him, silent and questioning. That sure was a bizarre request.</p>

      <p>But his words only grew more forceful as he leaned forward. “You can react calmly against anything, so even Iblis—”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, Sakurai,” I interrupted, noticing something that was off. “There was a <em>Fate Magic</em> prediction that the Hero of Light would be killed by Iblis, right?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah... That’s why I want you to—”</p>

      <p>“And we can’t do anything about it after the fact?”</p>

      <p>“Wha?” Sakurai’s mouth dropped open at my question.</p>

      <p>He hadn’t even thought about it.</p>

      <p>“This world has skills that can resurrect people even after they’ve died. There are probably items that can do the same thing.”</p>

      <p>“There...are?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve met someone with a skill like that, so I’m sure of it.” Well, I knew of Sasa—her <em>Action Game Player</em> skill had the subskill <em>Extra Lives</em>.</p>

      <p>Sakurai still looked somewhat hesitant. “But...something like that would be a national treasure, or some divine—”</p>

      <p>“What’s the problem there? Treasure or relic, mankind is doomed if you lose.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose... Surely Noelle would know about something like that if we had it?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Probably.” Considering how head over heels she was for him, she would’ve likely realized the possibility already. I had another idea, though—Ira. Surely, she’d have some idea. I mean, she was a goddess! She <em>should</em> know.</p>

      <p>“I’ll ask an acquaintance of mine.”</p>

      <p>“Sure... Thanks, Takatsuki. Sorry, I’ve been a mess lately.”</p>

      <p>“Sakurai...” I hadn’t been imagining his exhaustion earlier. How could I get his spirits back up? Damn my introversion and how much I struggle with wording this kinda stuff! “For two heroes, you and Princess Noelle seem a bit depressed.”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, out of nowhere, two girls called out to us.</p>

      <p>“Yoo hoo! Takatsuki, Ryousuke!”</p>

      <p>I briefly thought we were getting hit on, but at a second glance, they were both people we knew.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Princess and Yokoyama?”</p>

      <p>“Saki, Furiae, what’s up?”</p>

      <p>Furiae was wearing her usual dress, but Yokoyama wasn’t in the armor I’d seen her in before. Instead, she was wearing a blouse and skirt.</p>

      <p>“It’s sad to see two men drinking on their own. We came to keep you company.”</p>

      <p>“I’m taking this one.” Furiae sat next to me while Yokoyama took the seat next to Sakurai. At least <em>these</em> two seemed to get along... Princess Noelle and Furiae certainly didn’t.</p>

      <p>“What’s up?” I asked Furiae quietly.</p>

      <p>“I met her while wandering around town. Then, when I heard you had come to meet Ryousuke, I decided to tag along. Problem?”</p>

      <p>“Not really.” My one concern...was how angry Princess Noelle had been yesterday. Well, we’d be fine if she didn’t find out about this meeting.</p>

      <p>“Are you two done talking?” Yokoyama pouted. “Ryousuke’s so busy that we rarely have time to hang out, even if we do work together.”</p>

      <p>Yeah, she was definitely the most beautiful in our class...and her confidence made her even cuter.</p>

      <p>“Why are you falling for someone else’s girl?” Furiae demanded, pinching my cheek.</p>

      <p>I shook my head. “I wasn’t.”</p>

      <p>“The two of you seem pretty close...” Yokoyama remarked, her tone questioning.</p>

      <p>“D-Do we?!” Furiae’s tone, on the other hand, seemed a bit panicked. “Not particularly!”</p>

      <p>Sakurai smiled. “Furiae, you seem to be in good spirits.”</p>

      <p>“And you certainly don’t.”</p>

      <p>Sakurai’s smile turned somewhat rueful.</p>

      <p>“He’s been down since the fight against Zagan,” I explained.</p>

      <p>Furiae eyed him for a moment, then huffed. “Hmph, I’ll listen. Out with it. Oh! But I want some wine first!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll go for a sangria, I think,” Yokoyama said. “This place has so many delicious drinks. The food’s good too.”</p>

      <p>“So, swordfighter, is their fish pie good?”</p>

      <p>“It is! I’d recommend their vegetable terrine and the prawn fritters!”</p>

      <p>The two of them were excitedly poring over the menu together. Suddenly, the atmosphere seemed much brighter. Having the girls with us really brought the mood up! Sakurai seemed to be happier as well.</p>

      <p>“Oh, right,” Yokoyama said, facing me. “I mentioned this to Furiae as well, but the pope has been shifty lately. You follow a wicked deity, right? Watch out for him and the Temple Knights.”</p>

      <p>“I need to...watch out for them?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Sakurai looked equally confused. “What’s happened, Saki?”</p>

      <p>“He’s on good terms with you, so you probably haven’t noticed, but the pope is extremely critical of other faiths,” Yokoyama explained.</p>

      <p>“I know...” Furiae added. “The oppression of Laphroaig got much worse after he took power.” She was mournfully chewing at her nails. Well...the pope was pretty much a natural enemy of Furiae and me.</p>

      <p>“Apparently, his predecessor died in one of the Snake Sect’s terrorist attacks. Since then, he’s been obsessed with revenge...”</p>

      <p>“Well, didn’t he just get revenge?” I asked. Highland’s State-Authorized Hero had destroyed the Snake Sect’s hideout. Surely the pope was satisfied by that.</p>

      <p>“Well...” Yokoyama paused for a moment. “He’s been talking about ‘pulling out the root’ to prevent a second Snake Sect from forming. Cambions and followers of other gods are becoming targets now.”</p>

      <p>“That’s just Takatsuki and Furiae, isn’t it?” asked Sakurai.</p>

      <p>Furiae groaned. “He’s such a pain...”</p>

      <p>“So,” I interjected, “he’s got a list of <em>potential</em> criminals?” The pope was even worse than I’d thought.</p>

      <p>“Yeah...but I’ve got good news as well,” Yokoyama said with a smile. “You’re the Grandsage’s guardian knight now, right? Not even the pope will mess with her, so you’re actually safe.”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah! Did you see this coming?” Sakurai asked.</p>

      <p>“W-Well, you know how it is.” They thought that me becoming the Grandsage’s guardian knight was some kind of plan I’d devised, but I really hadn’t thought that deeply about it. “Well, forget about me...” I turned to Furiae. “I’m worried about Princess here.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph. I’ll be fine. The church already hated me.”</p>

      <p>“Still, you should be careful. Maybe you shouldn’t wander the town alone like you did today,” Yokoyama warned.</p>

      <p>I nodded. “That’s good advice.” Yokoyama really was nice.</p>

      <p>After that, we spent a while just eating and chatting, particularly about the fight against Zagan.</p>

      <p>“Sakurai’s sword was crazy...” I murmured.</p>

      <p>“In training, I was never able to borrow power from such a high-level angel,” he told us.</p>

      <p>“See, Takatsuki, he’s way better when he’s around you,” Yokoyama said.</p>

      <p>“He is?”</p>

      <p>“I am!” Sakurai insisted. “You should join our squad!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, I heard the Soleil Knights have the toughest training on the continent.” <em>I like training on my own, but in a group...</em></p>

      <p>“I’ll be with you!” Sakurai said, grabbing my hand tightly.</p>

      <p>“Ow! Sakurai...”</p>

      <p>“Are you drunk, Ryousuke?”</p>

      <p>“Oh? Are you two <em>together</em>?”</p>

      <p>“What the hell?”</p>

      <p>Spirits were high enough that we could just mess with each other like that.</p>

      <p>“I think he’s cheered up,” Yokoyama remarked with a sudden laugh. “Takatsuki, I’m glad you came to see him.”</p>

      <p>“You support Ryousuke in public and private alike,” Furiae said to her with a sigh. “As his fiancée, shouldn’t you be able to take it easier? You don’t need to force yourself onto the battlefield.”</p>

      <p>She was right—the burden on Yokoyama must be pretty heavy.</p>

      <p>“Well...yeah. But I’m the only one who can fight with him.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t the rest of our classmates have strong skills?” I asked. I remembered a whole bunch from the Water Temple.</p>

      <p>“Even if they do, that doesn’t mean they can use them.” Sakurai’s expression was conflicted. “Veterans are stronger, and not many people will willingly fight against the demon lords.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, so that’s why...” And here I was, doing my best with <em>Water Magic (Low Rank)</em>. My other classmates didn’t know how good they had it! Oh well. The elemental magic Noah gave me is strong, so it’s fine!</p>

      <p>Furiae spoke up, a grin spreading across her lips as she sipped her wine. “Still, isn’t your biggest duty as his fiancée to have his children? Are you being rash?”</p>

      <p>Sakurai looked awkward. I didn’t blame him.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...kids. I’m still a teenager, so being a mom is...” Yokoyama trailed off. “Also, I’m Ryousuke’s second-in-command, so I get to spend the most time with him. I see more of him than even Princess Noelle.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm.” <em>I guess working alongside your lover has its perks.</em></p>

      <p>“Although...we’ve used protection...but we <em>are</em> properly together. Right, Ryousuke?”</p>

      <p>“Uh...yeah.”</p>

      <p>Are you drunk, Yokoyama?! We didn’t need to hear that much detail!</p>

      <p>“R-Right...I see.” Furiae had turned red, even though she’d been the one to bring it up.</p>

      <p>Yokoyama, probably noticing the awkward mood, forcefully changed the subject. “Wh-What about you and Aya, Takatsuki?! She made a big announcement about becoming your wife! Are you already married?!”</p>

      <p>“Well...sooner or later we will be.”</p>

      <p>“Are you taking care of her? She said she wanted four kids, so you’ll need to work hard too!”</p>

      <p><em>Why are we back on this topic?!</em></p>

      <p>“Uh, yeah... I will.”</p>

      <p>“You’re going to marry Princess Sophia as well, right? And there’s that cute elf. Do you and Aya get any time on your own?”</p>

      <p>She was full-on blitzing me with questions.</p>

      <p>“U-Uhmm, sometimes?”</p>

      <p><em>Sorry, I’m always training...so not really.</em></p>

      <p>“Hmmm, something smells fishy,” Yokoyama said, peering into my eyes. “When was the last time you two did it? Answer me!”</p>

      <p><em>Ack, she’s wasted!</em></p>

      <p>Sakurai tried to cover for me. “Saki, you’re bothering him, so—”</p>

      <p>“You shut up! Now tell me!”</p>

      <p>“Urgh.” I was in a bind. If I just answered without thinking, she’d find out soon. She and Sasa were friends after all.</p>

      <p>I’d just have to be honest and—</p>

      <p>“He’s still a virgin,” Furiae interjected with an exasperated sigh.</p>

      <p>The other two yelled out in shock.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...aren’t you traveling with Aya?” Yokoyama asked.</p>

      <p>“I know how it sounds coming from me,” Sakurai said, “but you should probably be with her a bit more.”</p>

      <p>Ugh... I felt so embarrassed. Why did my classmates have to find out about this? While I was thinking about how to respond, Furiae spoke up.</p>

      <p>“He trains until two in the morning and gets up before anyone else. He hasn’t got the time to look after any lovers.”</p>

      <p>Everyone stared silently at me.</p>

      <p>“I mean, what’s the problem?” I asked. “My skills are weak, so I need to train.”</p>

      <p>“You should take some time off.”</p>

      <p>“A moment’s carelessness can mean the difference between life and death!” I protested.</p>

      <p>“I have no idea what you’re talking about...” Yokoyama mumbled.</p>

      <p>Neither did I, to be honest.</p>

      <p>Sakurai cocked his head. “Do you...always live like that?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... How long have you been training so hard?” Yokoyama added.</p>

      <p>“Well, since the day we got here.”</p>

      <p>Again, silence.</p>

      <p>“Ryousuke, your friend’s a weirdo.”</p>

      <p>“Well, he’s strong... No one else trains like that.”</p>

      <p>Furiae scoffed. “Don’t give him too big a head or he’ll float away.”</p>

      <p>They were all being so rude. <em>Also, Furiae...he probably wasn’t complimenting me...</em></p>

      <p>Eventually, our party came to a close. I hoped Sakurai’s mind was a bit lighter now.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“I drank too much...” Furiae murmured. She leaned against me as we headed back to the inn.</p>

      <p>“It’s the other way ’round this time,” I remarked.</p>

      <p>I then realized that we were a wicked deity’s believer and a cambion walking around a town that viewed those things unfavorably... <em>Just in case, I should have </em>Scout<em> running. </em>I was pretty sure the Temple Knights weren’t just going to attack us out of nowhere, but I couldn’t be positive.</p>

      <p>“Say...my knight?”</p>

      <p>“Hm? What’s up?”</p>

      <p>“I...used to have some feelings for Ryousuke.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.” It was only after I answered that I noticed the “used to.” So...she didn’t like him anymore?</p>

      <p>“I’d never left Laphroaig, so I didn’t know how the world worked. I was in Highland, a place full of enemies, and I made a mistake—I fell for the only person who was kind to me. I thought he might feel like that about me too.”</p>

      <p>“Well, he’s a natural lady-killer...”</p>

      <p><em>I think he </em>is<em> fond of her.</em> Still, he had like twenty fiancées, so it wasn’t like he could return the feelings of everyone who fell for him.</p>

      <p>“Lately, though, my eyes have been opened. Ever since I met you.”</p>

      <p>“Huh. Well, that’s good.” Traveling over the last few months had really seemed to do her good. “Hopefully you’ll be able to meet someone nice.”</p>

      <p>There was a pause.</p>

      <p>“Are you...doing that on purpose?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Doing what?”</p>

      <p>“Quit it with that dumb look! You’re pissing me off...” She turned to me, and through a haze of drunkenness, stared intensely. “My knight, who’s the most important to you? The Princess of Roses? The mage? The Hero of Great Keith? Or...someone else?”</p>

      <p>“The most important?” <em>Hmm, probably the first person I became an acquaintance with in this world.</em> “I guess...Noah?” She’d been the first one to have faith in me.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t that your goddess? Well, you can’t get with her, so that’s better than I thought.”</p>

      <p>“Get with?”</p>

      <p>“It was nothing. We’re there. I’m heading to bed. Good night.”</p>

      <p>At that, she headed straight into her room with steady steps.</p>

      <p>The next day, I was training in my room when I heard thundering footsteps. <em>That definitely sounds like Fujiyan. </em>I felt like the same thing had happened not too long ago.</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie!”</p>

      <p>“Brother!”</p>

      <p>Surprisingly, Peter Castor was next to him.</p>

      <p>“Come with us!” Fujiyan urged.</p>

      <p>“It’s huge, Brother! Come on, right away!”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What?!” I sputtered.</p>

      <p>“Just move!” they called in unison, yanking me along outside. It looked like we were heading for the military training grounds behind the castle.</p>

      <p>“Fujiyan, Peter, what is it?”</p>

      <p>“The goddess Ira has descended!” Fujiyan exclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Ira?” I parroted. She’d been here the whole time though, possessing Estelle. <em>Wait, only Noah and Eir know that...</em></p>

      <p>“Yeah!” Peter cried. “She never comes to other countries, but she urgently showed herself here to cheer up the citizens of Highland!”</p>

      <p>“And we could not bear to leave you out!” Fujiyan added.</p>

      <p>“You’re an impressive one, Fujiwara,” said Peter. “Tickets are already going for a fortune at the Premier!”</p>

      <p>“It did indeed cost a pretty penny for the three tickets!”</p>

      <p>“Brother, this’ll be the best day ever!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, okay?”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t keep up with them. Though now that I thought about it, both Fujiyan and Peter were followers of Ira since she was the Goddess of Fortune. Either way, I trailed along behind them until we reached our destination.</p>

      <p>Normally only those affiliated with the military were allowed inside the training grounds, but currently, they were packed. I figured they were all Ira’s believers...but the whole vibe was just odd.</p>

      <p>“Ira=★=LOVE!”</p>

      <p>“Ira=★=Life!”</p>

      <p>“I’d die for Ira!”</p>

      <p>These, among other slogans, were written on a bunch of jackets and hand fans—many in the crowd seemed to be wearing this merch. The people who were running the event (the organizers?) were calling out across the crowd with amplification magic.</p>

      <p>“Okay! Everyone line up properly!”</p>

      <p>“No cutting ahead! Ira hates those who don’t follow the rules.”</p>

      <p>“Merchandise is limited to three items per customer! No scalping!”</p>

      <p><em>Uh... What the...?</em></p>

      <p>“Come now, come now. This way,” Fujiyan said, guiding us to our seats.</p>

      <p>“I’ve never been in the VIP section before, Fujiwara!” Peter exclaimed.</p>

      <p>Fujiyan guffawed. “Likewise, in fact!”</p>

      <p>They were practically dancing with excitement. Just what was going on here? Eventually, the training grounds were completely overcrowded, and...the atmosphere grew almost feverish.</p>

      <p>Then, the show began. The surrounding area darkened.</p>

      <p><em>An attack?!</em> I thought for an instant. But it seemed as if a barrier had actually blocked out the light. Suddenly, a spotlight illuminated the stage. It was...<em>Sun Magic: Light</em>...or something like it. A cute girl was standing in the halo of light. Hang on...Estelle? Her airy, sparkling dress was different from her usual garb, so I hadn’t realized for a moment.</p>

      <p><em>What exactly is going on here?</em></p>

      <p>Then, Estelle opened her mouth and spoke.</p>

      <p>“Hiiii☆! It’s everyone’s idol, Iraaaa! Thank you all so much for coming today! Let’s all have lots of fuuuun!”</p>

      <p><em>Wh-What...?</em></p>

      <p>For a moment, I couldn’t even comprehend what was going on.</p>

      <p>“Ahhhh!”</p>

      <p>“Iraaaa!”</p>

      <p>“Look this way!!!”</p>

      <p>A roar rattled the arena as the audience started cheering, jumping up and down, and shaking the ground. I looked sideways—Fujiyan and Peter were yelling as well.</p>

      <p>“Tackie! It’s our goddess! She’s right in front of us!”</p>

      <p>“Wow! She’s actually here in the flesh... I’m so glad to be alive! Right, Brother?!”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah...”</p>

      <p>I’d met Ira pretty casually, but I guess that wasn’t really normal... Estelle—hosting Ira—was now singing and dancing on the stage. It was weird, but it all seemed almost familiar. I felt like, somehow, this was something I’d seen a lot of.</p>

      <p>“Are you all having fuuuun?!” she called out with a wink.</p>

      <p>A wall of noise answered her. She had a perfect smile, was acting cute, and no matter how much she bounced around, her miniskirt didn’t show her underwear.</p>

      <p><em>Oh... It’s just like Noah</em>, I realized.</p>

      <p><em>Rude!</em> my goddess mentally retorted. <em>I’m way cuter!</em></p>

      <p>So she was listening.</p>

      <p><em>Well, Irrie’s always focusing on you, Noah</em>, said Eir.</p>

      <p>Is she? I thought back.</p>

      <p><em>Yep! She’s not happy that Noah’s considered the most beautiful goddess in the divine realm.</em></p>

      <p>I heard Noah give a smug hum. <em>Well, that’s not changing anytime soon!</em></p>

      <p>Huh...</p>

      <p>Estelle on the stage was letting her clothes flutter around as she sang some weird song. “This might be a bit much...” I muttered to myself, earning a fierce glare from my side.</p>

      <p>“My dearest Tackie? I assume you were not intending to speak ill of Lady Ira, were you? You would never bad-mouth our perfect Goddess of Fortune, whom I have relied on since my apprentice days, while I had no time even to sleep...would you?!”</p>

      <p>“Brother...even you should have some awareness of what you can and can’t say... Ira is my strongest foundation. I was never good at fighting, despite being in the mafia, and since I’m a beastman, I’m dumb. I’m sure you wouldn’t be speaking badly of the perfect goddess who supported me even as I was compared to my brothers...right?!”</p>

      <p>Their words were both coming so fast.</p>

      <p>“S-Seeing such a perfect goddess is the best,” I blurted out.</p>

      <p>“Right!” they chorused.</p>

      <p>Scary. So that was what a zealot was like... I cheered along with the crowd so they didn’t realize that I wasn’t a “fan” as well. Eventually, the concert ended in thunderous applause.</p>

      <p>Watching the concert together had put Fujiyan and Peter on the exact same wavelength. The pair wandered off to go drinking. <em>With the way things are going, it won’t be long before Fujiyan is a “Brother” as well.</em> They invited me too—I went along to the first bar, but when they suggested that we hop to another place, I begged off. I just couldn’t keep up with the two of them.</p>

      <p>On my walk back, I peered up at the sky. It wasn’t even evening yet. <em>What to do now?</em> My only real idea was to visit the estate that Estelle had in Highland, the one I’d only visited once before. I decided to ask about Sakurai’s future.</p>

      <p>Despite my plan, though, there were a lot of guards around the district. It didn’t look like they’d just let me wander in. Also...Estelle had just finished a concert. She was probably pretty tired.</p>

      <p><em>I guess this isn’t the time for it.</em></p>

      <p>Just as I went to turn around and head back, I heard someone call out to me. “Oh, if it isn’t Hero Makoto of Roses.”</p>

      <p>“Janet?” I turned to see the armored captain of the Pegasus Knights.</p>

      <p>“I thought you were in the— Well, I suppose it wasn’t necessary to begin with.”</p>

      <p>Janet giggled. She had actually come to visit me on several occasions. Although every time, she’d sighed and left because I’d been training.</p>

      <p>“So, what are you doing here after not only not accepting my proposal but becoming the Grandsage’s guardian knight?”</p>

      <p><em>That sure was a pointed question...</em></p>

      <p>“Uhm, well I’ve come to visit Estelle.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm? Have you got an appointment?”</p>

      <p>“No...”</p>

      <p>“What? None at all?”</p>

      <p>“So I <em>would</em> need one, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Of course.” She sighed deeply.</p>

      <p>Whoops. Apparently, I’d overlooked the way things were supposed to work. “Lady Estelle was just a host to her goddess. For the time being, she will not be—”</p>

      <p>But suddenly, a loud voice interrupted her. “Is that the Hero of Roses, Sir Makoto Takatsuki?!”</p>

      <p>Huh?</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s me,” I answered, raising my hand.</p>

      <p>“Lady Estelle wishes to see you! Please head to her estate!”</p>

      <p>Janet and I exchanged silent looks.</p>

      <p>“You didn’t make an appointment, did you?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Nope, I just turned up.”</p>

      <p>“And got summoned...”</p>

      <p>“Looks like it.”</p>

      <p>“This way!” called the butler-looking guy, ushering me along. “You can bring your companion!”</p>

      <p>“Shall we head off?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“W-We?!”</p>

      <p>“Well, I’d be kinda nervous on my own...”</p>

      <p>“Ugh. Well, I suppose I’ll have to.”</p>

      <p>I realized how unfair it was for me to rope her in like that, but she agreed anyway.</p>

      <p>We were both guided to a reception room. Inside—wearing a completely different dress than earlier, something more elegant—was Estelle. Guards were lined up around her as well.</p>

      <p>“Welcome, Hero of Roses. To you as well, Daughter of the Ballantines.”</p>

      <p>“Pardon our sudden visit,” Janet said.</p>

      <p>“Hi, Ir— Lady Estelle.” I’d quickly stopped myself from saying “Ira” under Estelle’s sharp glare.</p>

      <p>Estelle ordered the guards to leave and the three of us were left alone.</p>

      <p>“So,” she began. “I would hear your business.”</p>

      <p>“How’d you know we would be here?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I...” she paused for a moment, befuddled. “Who do you think you’re talking to?”</p>

      <p>Oh, duh. Estelle was the priestess of Ira, who could see the future. Of course she knew we were coming. <em>Still, Ira, you predicted the future wrong during the battle...</em></p>

      <p>“Forget what happened in the fight against Zagan!” Ira (as Estelle) snapped.</p>

      <p>“Sure.”</p>

      <p>“Um...” Janet interjected. “I’m not quite sure what you’re talking about.”</p>

      <p>Well, Ira had answered my thoughts rather than what I’d said aloud, so the gap in conversation would sound pretty weird. <em>Well, whatever. Let’s just distract Janet by carrying on.</em></p>

      <p>I cleared my throat. “I’m actually here about the Hero of Light...Sakurai.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, I see,” said Ira.</p>

      <p><em>Come on! If you keep reading my mind and answering, this conversation’s going to get even weirder!</em></p>

      <p>At my side, Janet was looking quizzical.</p>

      <p>“Is there an item that could prevent his death after Iblis’s resurrection? Or let him survive even if it looks like he’ll die?”</p>

      <p>“There is not.”</p>

      <p>“I...see.” <em>I suppose an item to resurrect the dead would be way too convenient.</em></p>

      <p>“There is, however, a spell. The Priestess—pardon, the Saint of Affection—Noelle can use <em>Revival</em>. All we can do is have her at the Hero of Light’s side during the battle,” Ira explained.</p>

      <p>“That’s all...?” It was what Furiae had suggested. Apparently, even Ira didn’t have a perfect solution. <em>Ah, maaaan...</em></p>

      <p>“Wicked Deity follower, you go too far.”</p>

      <p><em>Whoops, shouldn’t have thought that.</em> “My apologies.”</p>

      <p>“Um...Lady Estelle, Makoto didn’t say...”</p>

      <p>Ack, Janet was really confused now. Estelle (or Ira) seemed to think the same thing—she sighed, then snapped her fingers. The air seemed to thicken oddly in the room.</p>

      <p>“Janet?” I asked.</p>

      <p>She’d fallen silent and wasn’t even blinking. Huh?</p>

      <p>“This is an isolation barrier,” explained Ira. “She was getting bothersome, so I created a place where we could speak privately.” She said it so simply, but I was pretty sure that an isolation barrier<em> </em>was saint rank... “Now then, you’ve been all too happy to run your mouth, Disciple of Noah.”</p>

      <p>Her tone had changed. She approached me, glaring. <em>Ack, she’s pissed. I have to say something!</em></p>

      <p>“Y-Your concert was great!”</p>

      <p>That stopped her dead. “You...were there?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, with friends.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph... So, what did you think?” The anger in her eyes was fading.</p>

      <p>“Y-Your dancing and singing were the best! Both of them started crying!” Fujiyan and Peter actually had done that, so I wasn’t lying!</p>

      <p>“My...how honest. I like that.” Her eyes gleamed an ominous gold as she put her hand on my cheek.</p>

      <p>Hang on... Wasn’t that<em> Charm Eyes</em>?!</p>

      <p><em>Hold it right there! No stealing my Makoto! </em></p>

      <p>“Tch, I suppose a saint rank barrier isn’t enough to hide from Noah.”</p>

      <p><em>Irrie, I saw him first.</em></p>

      <p>“Eir is there too...?” Both of the goddesses had butted in to the conversation, and everything was getting way more hectic. “Okay, back on topic. About Sakurai dying... Isn’t there any way we can avoid that?”</p>

      <p>“As of now...no. I had thought Zagan’s defeat might change the future, but it hasn’t. We will just have to deal with it when Iblis returns. Noelle needs to remain at his side constantly so she can cast <em>Revival </em>when needed.”</p>

      <p><em>Right... </em>“Even though she has that spell, she can’t be part of the war, can she?”</p>

      <p>“Fighting Iblis will be different,” Estelle stated. “Against him alone, we will be unable to win if we do not fight with all we have. All of the priestesses will be participating.”</p>

      <p>“What?! Even Princess Sophia?” Would she be okay...?</p>

      <p><em>Right, even her! </em>Eir exclaimed.<em> So you make sure you protect her!</em></p>

      <p>“G-Got it.”</p>

      <p>Though, when was Iblis going to return? Everyone kept going on and on about how he would be back soon, but so far, it just hadn’t happened.</p>

      <p>“In the next ten days,” Ira said casually.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Oh...that’s soon...” <em>Finally, huh?</em> I wondered what kind of person he was.</p>

      <p>“The demons’ future strategies cannot continue as they were,” Ira interjected awkwardly. “After all, we have crushed the Snake Sect.”</p>

      <p>Oh yeah. The Snake Sect’s zealotry toward Typhon had skewed the accuracy of Ira’s visions. So...did that mean we’d be okay next time?</p>

      <p>“I apologize for not living up to your expectations,” she sniped, folding her arms. “Was there anything else you wanted?”</p>

      <p><em>Anything else... Yes! Something really important!</em></p>

      <p>“You know Furiae...I mean, the Priestess of the Moon?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Hm? Ah... You want to do something about the discrimination against her and the cambions?”</p>

      <p>Well, that was quick. Ira looked conflicted though.</p>

      <p>“Is that...not something you can do?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, well... The moon priestess a thousand years ago made things awful, so, maybe...”</p>

      <p>The Priestess of the Moon back then was known as the Witch of Calamity. She’d been a traitor to humanity who’d defected to Iblis. Surely that had nothing to do with Furiae though, right?</p>

      <p><em>Irrie, maybe you should let bygones be bygones?</em></p>

      <p>Woo, thank you, Eir!</p>

      <p><em>You should!</em> Noah added. <em>You can add me to that, right? I want loads of believers.</em></p>

      <p>“<em>You’re</em> out of the question,” Ira and Eir retorted in unison.</p>

      <p>Yeah, that figured.</p>

      <p>“Naya’s priestess—the Witch of Calamity—rampaged of her own accord, so it doesn’t<em> </em>have anything to do with the current priestess. However, Noah, your believers were doing <em>exactly</em> what you told them! They killed our heroes!”</p>

      <p>“The situation’s different now,” I tried.</p>

      <p>“But you’d do <em>anything</em> she asked, wouldn’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Well, pretty much,” I admitted.</p>

      <p>“Then no! I will not be wiping Noah’s slate clean,” said Ira. “Naya lets her believers just live their lives, but Noah...pretends to do that and then gives exact guidance. She’s much more dangerous. That’s why she can’t have any extra followers.”</p>

      <p>Aw. Oh well. I’d thought that, with additional believers, we might’ve contributed more.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, if she could have more believers, who would you want to convert?” Ira asked me, though she probably already knew.</p>

      <p>“Well, Lucy, Sasa...maybe Fujiyan.”</p>

      <p>“Rosalie’s daughter, Great Keith’s State-Authorized Hero, and the biggest merchant in Roses... That is a dangerous combination.”</p>

      <p><em>Well... Yeah. Let’s leave it.</em></p>

      <p>Eir?!</p>

      <p><em>Meanies</em>, griped Noah.</p>

      <p>Eir spoke again. <em>Though, we </em>should<em> do something about the moon priestess and the cambions. They should be treated equally now.</em></p>

      <p>“Really?!” I exclaimed. Yes!</p>

      <p>“Althena will need to make the final decision though,” Ira said.</p>

      <p><em>Mako, Irrie and I will both talk to her at some point.</em></p>

      <p>“Thank you!”</p>

      <p>Phew, that should help both Furiae and the cambions in Laphroaig... I hope.</p>

      <p>Ira stared at me through Estelle’s eyes. “So, is that everything?”</p>

      <p>“Yes...” I didn’t think there was anything else... Oh, wait, there was. “You seem different from normal when you’re in front of people.”</p>

      <p>“Gah!” she cried out. “What does it matter?!”</p>

      <p>Huh. That reaction was way more than I’d expected.</p>

      <p><em>Irrie’s always put on a bit too much of a front.</em></p>

      <p>Noah chuckled. <em>Yeah, it’s super cringe, so she should stop it.</em></p>

      <p>“It’s fine!” Ira protested. “Eir, leave it be! Also, Noah, I don’t want to hear that from <em>you</em>!”</p>

      <p><em>Well, I’m a calmer goddess, aren’t I?</em></p>

      <p>Was Noah actually more relaxed? Honestly, I’d gotten the impression that Ira was more serious.</p>

      <p>Eir then piped up. <em>Hey, Mako, take a look at your Soul Book.</em></p>

      <p>“My Soul Book?”</p>

      <p><em>Irrie’s the one who wrote the descriptions for your skills.</em></p>

      <p>“Huh?” I quickly pulled it out and flipped through to the skill pages.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code><em>Water Magic (Low Rank): A skill that lets its user cast beginner water magic. Your low MP means your spell’s low rank, but them’s the breaks! Good luck training!</em></code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“This... <em>Ira</em> wrote it?”</p>

      <p>“I did. Got a problem? It says so right there.”</p>

      <p>Oh, it did... Her name was written in small text next to the skill... Huh, so most people did know her like that. In person, she had a more ladylike demeanor.</p>

      <p>“That’s enough already! I’m dropping the barrier.” Ira huffed, arms folded, and looked away.</p>

      <p>“All right. Thanks for everything,” I said, kneeling.</p>

      <p>With a muttered admonishment that I should always be that respectful, Estelle snapped her fingers.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh? What the...?” Janet blinked dazedly.</p>

      <p>“We’re done talking,” I told her. “Let’s head back.”</p>

      <p>“Uh? You are? When did you—?”</p>

      <p>I pulled Janet along by her hand. <em>Guess I shouldn’t have brought her.</em></p>

      <p>“Bye, Estelle,” I called over my shoulder. “Give my regards to Ira. Thank you.” I’d thanked her already, but doing so again was fine.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know what will happen with the moon priestess. Still...you can rely on me if you need anything.”</p>

      <p>I nodded. “Excuse us.”</p>

      <p>“Come again.” She waved as we departed.</p>

      <p>“Um. Makoto Takatsuki, you seem rather...close with her,” Janet remarked.</p>

      <p>“I do? We’ve always been like that.”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t realize it before, but... The Grandsage, Lady Noelle, General Talisker, Lady Rosalie... You are oddly skilled at getting the influential on your side.”</p>

      <p>Was she praising me?</p>

      <p>She then shot me a glare. “Though it seems you only consider me as a useful contact.”</p>

      <p>Ack, she was mad now. “L-Let’s go eat!” I exclaimed, trying to pull her away from that topic.</p>

      <p>“Hmph... I suppose so.”</p>

      <p>“I know a good place! This way.” Well, I said that, but it was just somewhere that Fujiyan operated. I could always count on him! Oh, but he was off drinking with Peter right now... Well, whatever! They <em>did</em> have good food.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Welcome, Mister Takatsuki’h. Thank you for your— Is that Lady Janet Ballantine’h?!” Nina’s shock had her ears standing on end.</p>

      <p>Oops. Almost forgot that Janet was from a pretty impressive family. <em>Maybe I should have called ahead.</em></p>

      <p>“Do not worry about me,” Janet said.</p>

      <p>“R-Right’h... If you’ll pardon our humble establishment’h... Please, enjoy yourself’h.”</p>

      <p>After her short greeting, Nina sidled up to me. “Mister Takatsuki’h! Why are you always with royals and nobles’h?! You don’t even make reservations’h!”</p>

      <p>“Sorry... By the way, how come you’re working here every time I visit? Surely you don’t have to?” After all, Nina was a noble too, and Fujiyan’s wife, so surely she didn’t <em>need</em> to be here.</p>

      <p>“I prefer keeping myself busy than playing at being a noble’h... On another note, you’re never here with the same woman’h... But I won’t tell Miss Sasaki or Miss Lucy’h.”</p>

      <p>She gave me an exasperated wink. <em>Uh, it’s not like that...</em></p>

      <p>“What’s wrong?” Janet asked.</p>

      <p>“Nothing at all’h!”</p>

      <p>Nina and I hurriedly turned back to Janet. We ordered some light drinks and some of the specials. This place was a commoner-style food establishment in the noble district, and Janet was peering around in avid interest.</p>

      <p>“This is a very unusual place for the third district,” she remarked.</p>

      <p>“Right? My friend runs it.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re a regular? I’ll remember that.” She smiled. It seemed like her good mood had returned...for now at least. I suppose this made up for dragging her along to Estelle’s estate.</p>

      <p>“What kind of places do you usually eat at?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I often dine with my knights. Eating at home is rather stuffy, so I haven’t as of late... My parents are constantly badgering me about marriage.” The latter half of her statement was quiet enough that I wasn’t <em>entirely </em>sure what she’d said.</p>

      <p>“Huh? I didn’t catch the end of that.”</p>

      <p>“It doesn’t matter!”</p>

      <p>I sighed. Afterward, we spent a while just chatting with each other.</p>

      <p>“Hey, got any seats?” I heard from the door.</p>

      <p>“Welcome, feel free to sit where you like!” answered a waitress.</p>

      <p>The newcomer was wearing gleaming golden armor and had similarly colored hair. <em>A flashy knight, huh...</em> I looked at his slightly drunken face and he stared back at me with sharp eyes.</p>

      <p><em>Hm?</em></p>

      <p>“Oi, Hero of Roses, why are you with my sister?”</p>

      <p>“B-Brother?!”</p>

      <p>“Guh.”</p>

      <p>This was the Hero of Lightning—Gerald, the leader of the North Cardinal Knights.</p>

      <p>“Explain yourself,” he demanded.</p>

      <p>Damn, another scary one.</p>

      <p>“Gerr-bear, what’s up?” A familiar exotic beauty peered out from around him. This was Sól’s hero, Olga.</p>

      <p><em>What an odd combination.</em></p>

      <p>“L-Lady Olga, you’re here together?” Janet asked calmly, albeit clearly shaken.</p>

      <p>“Oh? You’re with a guyyy? I can’t let you out of my sight, can I?! Ooooh la la!”</p>

      <p>“L-Lady Olga! Are you drunk?”</p>

      <p>“Not yet, but I will be!”</p>

      <p><em>Was Olga always like this?</em></p>

      <p>“Oi! Are you listening to me, Hero of Roses?!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yeah, yeah, I’m listening.” <em>Whoops, zoned out for a second.</em></p>

      <p>“I’m joining you, got it?” Gerald demanded.</p>

      <p>“G-Go ahead.” It didn’t sound like he’d take no for an answer, so I might as well take the chance to get closer to the other two heroes. Although, both of them were pretty...<em>yikes</em>...and had beaten me up before.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the conversation was interrupted.</p>

      <p>“Would you go elsewhere?” Janet asked her brother coldly.</p>

      <p>“Wha?! Janet?” Gerald seemed taken aback.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Gerr-bear, don’t get in your sister’s way. Later, Janet, Hero of Roses.”</p>

      <p>“O-Oi,” Gerald protested as Olga dragged him away.</p>

      <p>Huh? Guess we wouldn’t be eating together.</p>

      <p>“Sorry about him,” Janet said.</p>

      <p>“You don’t mind sending him away like that?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t!”</p>

      <p>“Okay... By the way, he and Olga seemed pretty close.”</p>

      <p>“They fought alongside each other in the battle against the demons. Since then, they’ve been spending time together.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...”</p>

      <p>“Lately, Lady Olga has been sneaking into his room...” she finished awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Sneaking?”</p>

      <p>“Um, so, she’s there until morning, and...” Janet wore a glare, practically insisting that I try and understand what she was implying.</p>

      <p><em>Oh! They’re spending the night together? Wait, whaaat?! Gerald and Olga?! Huh, that was a surprise...</em></p>

      <p>I glanced in their direction. If I had to say, it looked like Olga was taking the lead. Gerry might have looked irritated, but he still seemed like he was enjoying the conversation. I guess they were pretty alike—both enjoyed picking fights.</p>

      <p>Crap, Gerald was glaring back at me. I glanced away hurriedly.</p>

      <p>“Forget about him,” Janet said. “You’re with me now.” She took my hand as she spoke... Her eyes were a bit sharper than usual. Scary.</p>

      <p>“Janet, are you drunk?” I asked.</p>

      <p>She giggled. “I haven’t had that much,” she insisted, resting her head on my shoulder.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, that’s what drunk people do.</em></p>

      <p>Hmm... I was scared of looking at Gerald, so I used <em>RPG Player</em> to do it without actually moving. Olga was offering him a drink. He wasn’t looking this way though. <em>Phew, all good.</em></p>

      <p>“You have your head in the clouds,” Janet remarked.</p>

      <p>I paused for a moment. “That’s not true,” I protested.</p>

      <p>“Look at me,” she said, hands shifting to my cheeks to pull my gaze to her. She still had her head on my shoulder, so I could feel her breath tickling my face. Her glossy golden hair brushed against my skin as her eyes peered up at me through her long eyelashes.</p>

      <p>“Do you have free time today?” she whispered into my ear.</p>

      <p>“Well, a bit,” I answered after a moment.</p>

      <p>“Then spend it with me.”</p>

      <p>I’d pulled her along to see Estelle, so I couldn’t rightly say no to that request.</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>She giggled. “It’s a promise.”</p>

      <p>I was slightly uneasy at the tone of her voice, but the pink in my cheeks was just from the alcohol, okay? She was just moving when—</p>

      <p>“What are you doing?” demanded a voice with all the warmth of the arctic tundra.</p>

      <p>It came from the side opposite Janet. Someone sat in that seat, right next to me. Who was it? Before I could check, they started tugging my arm and pulling me closer.</p>

      <p>Finally, I managed to turn and see who it was.</p>

      <p>“S-Sophia?”</p>

      <p>“I was looking for you, Hero Makoto,” she said with an icy smile, her grip tight on my arm.</p>

      <p>I thought she was alone, but then I saw several guards standing at the entrance.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Why are you here?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“You were late coming back, so I came to find you. Come, let us go.”</p>

      <p>No, I was asking why she was <em>here</em> specifically, at Fujiyan’s restaurant. <em>Oh, looks like Nina just hid farther inside. Guess she was the informant. Well, she said she wouldn’t tell Lucy or Sasa, but she didn’t say a word about Princess Sophia...</em> She was Fujiyan’s wife, and he was a noble of Roses, so she would have to answer her husband’s superior if asked.</p>

      <p>The princess and Janet were currently glaring at each other. I was caught in the middle.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Sophia. Makoto and I are having a meal currently—perhaps another time?”</p>

      <p>“My betrothed has been caught up by some strange woman. How bad for you. Let us go, Hero Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“You know men run from controlling women, right?”</p>

      <p>“Would you kindly refrain from making passes at my fiancé?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, but he said he would spend the night with me.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” Princess Sophia suddenly glared at me fiercely.</p>

      <p><em>Hey, Janet! I said I’d spend time with you </em>today<em>, but not until </em>morning<em>.</em></p>

      <p>“L-Let’s all eat together!” I tried desperately.</p>

      <p>I was employed by Roses, and I was Princess Sophia’s fiancé, so I knew I should listen to what she said...but I <em>had </em>promised Janet I’d stay with her, and didn’t want to break that promise while the words were still hanging in the air.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia sighed. “If we must...”</p>

      <p>“I suppose so...”</p>

      <p>I’d assumed they’d be angry, but they’d both just agreed. <em>G-Great! Let’s get them some good food.</em></p>

      <p>“N-Nina!” I called.</p>

      <p>“Yessir’h!” she replied, bounding over. So she’d been watching us the whole time.</p>

      <p>“Get Sophia a drink if you would!”</p>

      <p>“I already have it’h!”</p>

      <p>Nice service! I hadn’t even asked yet.</p>

      <p>“Your usual, Lady Sophia’h!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, thank you.”</p>

      <p>Oh! Her <em>usual</em>! So Nina knew what Princess Sophia liked...wow.</p>

      <p>“Mister Takatsuki, the food will be here soon’h!” she said before bouncing off. I...felt kinda bad. I’d have to apologize later.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Makoto Takatsuki, empty your glass,” urged Janet.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia scoffed. “Hero Makoto, move over this way.”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t that somewhat wanton behavior for a princess?”</p>

      <p>“Likewise, Janet.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“Guys, come on,” I tried. Was this going to go all right? Either way, our bizarre group began our night.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“And yet he doesn’t care in the slightest!”</p>

      <p>“I feel sorry for you, Sophia. Come on, Makoto Takatsuki! You were part of the demon lord’s defeat—act like it.”</p>

      <p>“I misjudged you, Janet. I apologize for saying you were past it...”</p>

      <p>“You don’t need to <em>say</em> it. Father’s been too much lately as well...”</p>

      <p>“Perhaps I can introduce you to someone?”</p>

      <p>“And would they be stronger than Gerald?”</p>

      <p>“Could you drop that, already?”</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, Princess Sophia and Janet were getting along like a house on fire. I just kept sipping at my drink and picking at the snacks.</p>

      <p>“Come on, up you get, Gerr-bear!”</p>

      <p>Gerald had fallen over in his seat. Was he a lightweight? Great! I could challenge him to a drinking contest the next time he insisted on a fight! Olga soon picked him up and left the restaurant. At my side, the conversation had been looping and repeating topics.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe we should head back as well?</em></p>

      <p>“You must be getting tired. There is a carriage for you all outside.” That was Fujiyan, coming back from his night out with Peter.</p>

      <p><em>There’s my mind reader! Thanks!</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“I have said this repeatedly, but your ceremony is tomorrow,” Princess Sophia told me before she left. “Please do not forget to come to the castle.”</p>

      <p>“I remember. I’ll be there,” I answered tipsily, nodding and waving as I watched the carriage leave. Her guards, including her geezer guardian knight, were flanking it.</p>

      <p>“Sorry about making you guys wait out here,” I apologized. I’d invited the guards to join us, but they’d turned us down.</p>

      <p>The geezer let out a loud guffaw. “Her Highness finds it difficult to let her hair down, but she has the most fun while she is with you!”</p>

      <p>I waved again, and soon, the carriage pulled out of sight.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Captain, let’s go.”</p>

      <p>“Where’s my pegasus?” Janet asked. “I cannot see it.”</p>

      <p>“You’re drunk! No drinking and riding!”</p>

      <p>Some of her squad quickly pulled her into another carriage and then left. Huh. So drinking before you rode a pegasus was a no-go? This world had some sensible laws.</p>

      <p>After seeing them off, I headed back to my seat and stretched. “Aw, maaaan.” I sighed, slumping over.</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie—”</p>

      <p>“—that’s our line’h!”</p>

      <p>The voices behind me were reproachful. Fujiyan and Nina were glaring at me.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry for bringing big shots!” I apologized, throwing myself in front of them.</p>

      <p>Afterward, Fujiyan had me test his new menu item—<em>niboshi ramen</em>.</p>

      <p>“How is the taste?” he asked.</p>

      <p>“Really strong...where’d you get the niboshi?”</p>

      <p>“He made them’h...” Nina sighed.</p>

      <p>Ah, another type of ramen dragging him toward the red. But it was really good. The fragrant taste of the fish stock paired with the chewy noodles was delicious. It was topped with char siu, bamboo shoots, fishcakes, and spring onion.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, this type of food is great</em>, I thought, draining the broth.</p>

      <p>By the time I got back to my room, it was long into the night.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Aya Sasaki’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“My knight is late,” Fuu murmured from where she was reading her book.</p>

      <p>“That’s the third time you’ve said so,” Lu commented. She was striking poses and practicing her magic in front of the mirror. It was different from how Takatsuki trained—he was usually still like a statue. Apparently, they did things really differently, even if they were both magic users.</p>

      <p>“Sophie went to look for him, so I’m sure they’ll be back soon.” I was busy making preparations for tomorrow’s breakfast.</p>

      <p>“He’s enjoying a night out on the town,” Lu sniped.</p>

      <p>“He’s not you,” I retorted.</p>

      <p>“What?! I wouldn’t...well, maybe I would.”</p>

      <p>“You’re not getting away with that, Lu...” I warned her, sharpening the knife.</p>

      <p>“Aya, don’t point that at me. I’m bored without Makoto here, so let’s have a drink. C’mon, both of you!” At that, Lu pulled out a strong-looking bottle of liquor. She’d been pretty daring lately. I suppose...like her mom?</p>

      <p>“Fine,” I conceded. “I’ll get some snacks.” I was pretty sure we had some bacon, cheese, and crackers. I rustled through the cupboards.</p>

      <p>“It’s a girls’ night! Let’s drink the night away!”</p>

      <p>“Lu, you know you’ll get fat if you eat this much at night?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be fine! I just need to throw around a few king rank spells to cancel it out!”</p>

      <p>I was pretty sure that logic didn’t work. Still, she <em>didn’t</em> get fat, however much she ate. It wasn’t fair. She twirled her staff around, and each movement made her chest bounce. Were they...bigger than before? I looked closer.</p>

      <p>“What’s up, Aya? You look kinda— Aaah!”</p>

      <p>She yelped as I grabbed her chest and squeezed.</p>

      <p>“They <em>have</em> gotten bigger,” I declared.</p>

      <p>“What are you doing?!”</p>

      <p>“Whoa.”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Lu pushed me back onto the bed, and her hand went inside my clothes.</p>

      <p>“Hold on! Stop!” I yelled.</p>

      <p>“I’ll massage them bigger!” she insisted.</p>

      <p>I yelped as we got into the usual flow of messing around.</p>

      <p>“Mmm, My knight is late...” Fuu sighed longingly.</p>

      <p>That was the fourth time tonight. Lu and I exchanged wordless glances before stopping. We then leaned in close to one other and started whispering.</p>

      <p>“Fuuri’s acting weird.”</p>

      <p>“She’s in love.”</p>

      <p>“Ah... Damn it, Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Well, there’s not much we can do...”</p>

      <p>“Okay, let’s make her admit it!” Lu whispered before getting louder. “Come on, Fuuri, stop sighing and talk about Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s chat, Fuu!”</p>

      <p>She looked up, jolting, as we got closer to her. “Wh-What about?!”</p>

      <p>We bombarded her with questions about him, but even after talking all night, she wouldn’t admit her feelings.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Mmh...” I mumbled, stretching as I woke up. I looked over at the next bed.</p>

      <p>“She’s stripped again,” I mumbled, sighing. Lu’s pajamas were askew, and I gently fixed them.</p>

      <p>The bed on the other side of Lu would be cradling a softly breathing Fuu...</p>

      <p><em>Hang on?</em></p>

      <p>“She’s not there...”</p>

      <p>Fuu usually woke up really late, but she wasn’t in bed. Maybe she’d gone to the bathroom. Well, whatever.</p>

      <p>“Mmmmh!” I stretched again before getting out of bed. It was still dark outside. I washed my face and checked my reflection, then opened the next door and found that Takatsuki had (probably) fallen asleep while training. He was snoozing while sitting completely upright.</p>

      <p>“C’mon...” I lifted him, placing him in a bed and pulling a cover over his body. For a moment, I watched his dozing form. “Sleep well,” I said, kissing him on the forehead. I then left the room.</p>

      <p>In the kitchen, I started getting breakfast together, which was my usual routine. Ham and eggs would work this morning. Bread or toast might be nice...but Takatsuki preferred Japanese breakfasts, so maybe rice? While I was thinking about that, I noticed a figure who would normally never be in the kitchen this early—a black-haired girl in a silky dress.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, warrior,” she said sleepily.</p>

      <p>“Morning, Fuu! You’re up early.” She definitely wasn’t a morning person.</p>

      <p>“Can I help you prepare breakfast?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Sure! But how come?”</p>

      <p>She shifted awkwardly. “I...wanted to make something for my knight.”</p>

      <p>“R... Right...”</p>

      <p>Her cheeks were red and she was hiding her mouth.</p>

      <p><em>How cute... She’s definitely in love! She needs to admit it already!</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>