<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2 — Makoto Takatsuki Is Shocked</h1>

      <p>“The Snake Sect has been destroyed!”</p>

      <p>This must have been the “idea” that Ira mentioned earlier... But, how?</p>

      <p>“Fujiyan, what exactly—”</p>

      <p>“I am personally unaware of the details... All I know is that under Lady Estelle and His Holiness’s orders, the State-Authorized Hero of Highland—Sir Alexander—traveled to the demon continent alone, attacked the Snake Sect hideout, and killed the archbishops who were sheltering within.”</p>

      <p>“H-Huh.” As far as I was concerned, that was plenty detailed. <em>Seriously, how large is Fujiyan’s information network anyway?</em> “Still, Alexander did all that on his own? The last time I saw him, he seemed completely spaced out. Were none of the Soleil Knights or Temple Knights involved?”</p>

      <p>“Well... It certainly seems like it was an independent action rather than a military one.”</p>

      <p><em>Hmm. Highland’s hero must be ridiculously strong.</em> Wouldn’t it have been easier to defeat Zagan with his help? He’d been acting independently of Sakurai so far, and I wasn’t sure why.</p>

      <p>“Regardless, he killed every leader of the Snake Sect,” Fujiyan continued. “Their heads are currently on display in the courtyard in front of the castle. Archbishop Isaac is among them...”</p>

      <p>“He is?”</p>

      <p>I was aghast.</p>

      <p>This was a terrorist who had set blight monsters loose in Horn, caused a stampede in Symphonia, tried to bring a demon lord back to life in Springrogue, and planned a comet strike on Great Keith. In addition to all this, he’d apparently been proposing strategies to the demon army as they attacked Cameron.</p>

      <p><em>That</em> was Archbishop Isaac.</p>

      <p><em>Oh...so he’s dead... And his head’s even on display... </em>I’d never actually seen him alive, considering how everything had turned out. I wonder what he looked like...</p>

      <p>“Will you be going to view them?” Fujiyan asked obliquely.</p>

      <p>I shook my head. “Nah...I’ll pass.” It was too late now. Trying to punish the dead just didn’t sit right with me. It was strange—the atmosphere was oddly heavy despite the fact that we’d just lost a serious enemy.</p>

      <p>“Oh, but I do have another piece of news to share!” Fujiyan boomed, trying to shake the lingering gloominess away. “Princess Noelle has safely broken through the Saint’s Trial! She has become the Saint of Affection!”</p>

      <p>“The Saint’s Trial?” I asked, tilting my head.</p>

      <p>Just then, Princess Sophia arrived. Having overheard us talking, she began to explain. “Indeed, Hero Makoto. Lady Noelle—as the Priestess of the Sun—overcame the trial and has gained the same power as Saint Anna once held.”</p>

      <p><em>Oh...I think I remember.</em> Someone had mentioned something along those lines a while ago. Huh. So Princess Noelle was a saint now. That likely meant that she was stronger...but could a saint fight in a battle?</p>

      <p>“My esteemed Tackie, Saint Anna’s <em>Ballad of Victory</em> was a legendary skill. I’ve heard that it can increase the power of thousands upon thousands of soldiers at once, making each one dozens of times stronger.”</p>

      <p>Oh, a buff skill. Strengthening tens of thousands of people at once was just ridiculous though. Normal buffs could only affect a few people at a time—maybe as many as a dozen. <em>Ballad of Victory</em> must have been a skill unique to the Saint of Affection.</p>

      <p>“And Princess Noelle can use that now?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. She has received the skill as a result of beating the trial.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that’s good to hear.” It would have been even better if we’d had it in the last fight...but being able to use it against Iblis was still a stroke of good luck.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, did you have need of us, Princess Sophia?” Fujiyan asked. He was probably reading her mind and steering the conversation along.</p>

      <p>“I do, yes. Lord Fujiwara, I apologize, but I will need to borrow Hero Makoto and take him to Princess Noelle.”</p>

      <p>“Of course!” Fujiyan replied. “Think nothing of it.”</p>

      <p><em>Uh? So do I not get any input?</em> I suppose it was an order from my superior, so I couldn’t exactly object.</p>

      <p>Ultimately, the two of us headed for Highland Castle.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“So those are...?” My words came out half question, half mumble.</p>

      <p>Many people were gathering in front of the castle, and there could only be one reason: they were all here to see the heads of the Snake Sect’s leaders, mounted and on display. Some in the crowd were even throwing stones.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t <em>exactly </em>call it in bad taste. The Snake Sect was an organization that extolled the liberation of cambions. This in and of itself wasn’t a bad thing, but their methods were flawed, just indiscriminate terrorism. They often targeted Highland and Cameron since faith in the Sacred Deities was strongest in those two nations, and each scheme dragged innocent civilians into the line of fire. Many people even lost their families. Thus, some might find satisfaction in seeing their hated enemies in such a disgraced position.</p>

      <p>The gathered crowd was talking, and I used <em>Listen</em> to catch snippets of the conversation.</p>

      <p>“Don’t shy away! Do you know how many times they’ve ruined our business?!”</p>

      <p>“Right! I have nothing but gratitude for His Holiness and our hero!”</p>

      <p>“How many have died because of the Snake Sect?”</p>

      <p>“Our pope is kind and merciful. They should have just eradicated all cambions while they were at it.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve got that right. If you let their filthy blood survive, they’ll sprout back up in Laphroaig.”</p>

      <p>“Laphroaig should be burned to the ground!”</p>

      <p>“They killed my dad!”</p>

      <p>“Just wipe the cambions out!”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t put what I was feeling into words. The Snake Sect was made up of cambions...but not every cambion believed in the Daemons. I thought about the orphaned cambion children living in the church in the slums and about the nun who cared for them. Despite being cambions, all of them were peaceful citizens who believed in Althena.</p>

      <p>The general public seemed to view all cambions as evil, though. Cornet was Furiae’s hometown, and her people were merely eking out a life beneath the ruins. Would there ever come a day when they could live in peace?</p>

      <p><em>Maybe I can talk to Ira about that.</em></p>

      <p>While I pondered things, Princess Sophia and I headed through the gate.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“I apologize, Hero Makoto. I made an appointment, but...”</p>

      <p>“Her secretary double-booked the slot—it’s not your fault,” I told her.</p>

      <p>When we’d arrived, Princess Noelle hadn’t been present. Princess Sophia had demanded to know what was going on, but she’d simply been dismissed. “Lady Noelle is extremely busy. Make another appointment.”</p>

      <p>It was their mistake...and yet they were being completely unreasonable about it. <em>So this is the difference between the crown princess of a massive nation and the princess of a small country...</em></p>

      <p>With no other choice, Princess Sophia made a new appointment, but it wasn’t for another few days.</p>

      <p>We trudged back to the infirmary.</p>

      <p>“Oh, welcome back, Sir Makoto, Sophia.”</p>

      <p>“What?” the two of us asked in unison.</p>

      <p>When we stepped back into my room, I realized that Princess Noelle was present.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell?!</em> <em>I mean, I kinda thought there were a lot more Temple Knights around than usual. They must be her guards.</em></p>

      <p>Furiae sat in a chair nearby, unhappily petting the black cat on her lap. “My knight, it seems that she came to see you and Princess Sophia.”</p>

      <p>I also spied Lucy and Sasa nearby. They seemed somewhat nervous about sharing the space with Highland’s crown princess.</p>

      <p>“What’s going on?!” Sophia asked, hurriedly running over.</p>

      <p><em>Right, I suppose I should say something. </em>“Congratulations on your trial, Princess Noelle.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Sir Makoto,” she replied. “Sophia, I apologize for my secretary. There was a change of plans, so I came here.”</p>

      <p>“I... It is an honor.”</p>

      <p>Oh, so Princess Noelle had purposefully prioritized us. I could see why Princess Sophia seemed so overwhelmed. The local princess <em>should</em> be massively busy, so what was she doing here?</p>

      <p>I stared at her quizzically, but she just grinned and strode over.</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes?” What was she about to say?</p>

      <p>“I hear you have become the Grandsage’s guardian knight. It seems that the castle has been talking of little else but you since the fight against the demon lord.”</p>

      <p>“It...has?” Well, that was somewhat unsettling. Then again, the Grandsage was pretty high-ranking. <em>I guess I kinda brought that on myself.</em></p>

      <p>“Ryousuke has been talking about you constantly as well. Please, work to defeat Iblis alongside him.”</p>

      <p>She gripped her hands together and peered up at me. Light seemed to be radiating from her. <em>I-Is it because she’s a saint now?</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly I felt the icy daggers of Lucy, Sasa, and Princess Sophia’s glares stabbing into my back. But since this<em> was</em> Princess Noelle, it seemed like they were holding back.</p>

      <p>“I will keep it in mind,” I answered ambivalently.</p>

      <p>“Don’t think—do!” She leaned in even more.</p>

      <p><em>You’re kinda close!</em> I tried to back away a little.</p>

      <p>“Would you stop fawning over my knight?” Furiae asked, yanking Princess Noelle backward.</p>

      <p>“Oh, my apologies.”</p>

      <p>“Hmph.”</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle moved away, not even sparing a glance at Furiae.</p>

      <p>“Highland already has many excellent heroes and warriors,” Furiae snapped. “My knight is weak, so kindly refrain from dragging him into this.”</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle carried on despite the objection. “Highland will, of course, stand directly against the demon lords’ armies. However, we will need all of our strength. Additionally, I am a ‘saint’ now.”</p>

      <p>Furiae scoffed. “Hmph, and you feel the need to boast about it?”</p>

      <p>“Hardly. I would appreciate you not implying as much.”</p>

      <p>Those two weren’t meeting each other’s eyes. They both <em>sounded</em> calm, but... The chill in the air was rather unpleasant. Seeming to realize the tense atmosphere, Princess Noelle changed the topic. She looked up at me, beaming. “Sir Makoto! I have a message.”</p>

      <p>“For me?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Ryousuke has something he would like to discuss with you. Please arrange to meet with him.”</p>

      <p><em>Huh? </em>I couldn’t help but be taken aback by her words. <em>Sakurai has come by the infirmary quite a lot. In fact, he was here pretty recently... </em>He’d chatted with me and had conversations with Furiae and Sasa. But he hadn’t brought up needing to speak with me. Did he want to talk <em>alone</em>?</p>

      <p>“Ah, I had noticed that the Hero of Light wasn’t with you,” Princess Sophia commented.</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle’s smile seemed a bit lonely. “Indeed. He is rather busy, so I have been unable to see him much of late.”</p>

      <p>Oh, so that was how things were? The two were passing by one another like ships in the night. <em>Does that mean I shouldn’t mention Sakurai sneaking in here?</em></p>

      <p>I glanced over at Sasa and saw her staring back at me meaningfully. Yeah, message received. I could read the room <em>that</em> much at least!</p>

      <p>Furiae, on the other hand...did not hold back. “Oh? But Ryousuke occasionally visits us here. Isn’t that right, my knight?”</p>

      <p>“Guh.”</p>

      <p><em>Come on, Furiae! Why would you say that?! Oh, there goes the princess’s smile.</em></p>

      <p>Furiae offered an exaggerated look of chagrin.</p>

      <p><em>Hey! You did that on purpose, didn’t you?</em></p>

      <p>“Furiae...” Princess Noelle murmured after a moment. “Is that true?”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t say anything. Just forget about it.”</p>

      <p>“I haven’t seen him in a week!”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that sounds awful,” Furiae said. “You have my sympathies.”</p>

      <p>“Why is he seeing <em>you</em>?!”</p>

      <p>“Hey! Don’t grab me like that! It hurts.”</p>

      <p>“Ryousuke! What’s so good about this woman?!”</p>

      <p><em>Yup, Princess Noelle’s lost it.</em></p>

      <p>Furiae merely replied, “Ask him that.”</p>

      <p>A long silence trailed in the wake of her words.</p>

      <p>“I can’t,” Princess Noelle finally admitted.</p>

      <p>Furiae’s eyes flashed. “Hah! I suppose feigning innocence sure is tough.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t want to hear that from a wanton charmer like you.”</p>

      <p>“What was that?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, is there a problem?”</p>

      <p>The argument had escalated, and now, the two of them were up in each other’s faces, glaring.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>