<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6 — Makoto Takatsuki Speaks with a Saint</h1>

      <p>Lucy and I had been busy raving about what we’d found in my Soul Book when Sasa came out to the garden and yelled for us to hurry up.</p>

      <p><em>Guess we can properly look into the whole 999 mastery thing later.</em></p>

      <p>Once we’d all gathered to eat, we offered a chorus of “Thank you!” and tucked in to breakfast. Sasa had made toast and a clear soup, along with a ham and egg salad. It was Western food, but in a style that you could expect to see on a Japanese dining table. I piled some ham and egg salad onto my toast and added a bit of mayonnaise on top—that particular condiment had come from Fujiyan’s store.</p>

      <p>As I munched away on my makeshift sandwich, I shared the content of my dream with my friends.</p>

      <p>“Althena’s actually a pretty good person. I feel sorry for Ira though.”</p>

      <p>“Huh... So Ira is <em>that</em> kind of goddess?” Lucy asked. “It’s...kind of a shock.”</p>

      <p>Furiae just vacantly listened to our conversation.</p>

      <p>“Princess?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is it?”</p>

      <p>“You feeling all right?”</p>

      <p>“Of course I am!”</p>

      <p><em>If she says so... </em>She wasn’t really eating much.</p>

      <p>Either way, we finished breakfast and then poured ourselves cups of tea. But suddenly, I heard footsteps approaching. A <em>lot</em> of footsteps. Had we invited guests?</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto! Furiae! Are you there?!”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia and her guards barged in—Fujiyan was with them. And also...Estelle?</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Princess Sophia. Is something the matter?”</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Hero Makoto. I see Furiae is here as well.” She walked over to us, her expression severe.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is it?” Furiae asked, shifting.</p>

      <p>“The cambions of Highland—no, of the <em>whole</em> continent—want to meet Saint Furiae.”</p>

      <p>“Wha...?”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t just Furiae who responded. Lucy, Sasa, and I were all dumbstruck too.</p>

      <p>“What actually happened?” Furiae asked, clearly confused.</p>

      <p>“It seems that the Goddess of Fortune appeared in the cambions’ dreams, foretelling that you would create a country for them!” Fujiyan explained. “Thus, the cambions have come to gather before you...”</p>

      <p>“<em>Ira</em> did that?”</p>

      <p>I glanced suspiciously at Estelle, who was hanging behind everyone else. She immediately looked away.</p>

      <p>“Ira? Would you mind explaining?” I asked.</p>

      <p>Everyone whipped around to stare at me, looking taken aback.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto, what do you mean?” asked Princess Sophia. “This is Estelle...”</p>

      <p>I kept my eyes trained on “Estelle” and said, “Iraaaa? Look me in the eye, would you? I’ll tell Althena.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t!” Estelle shouted, jumping at me.</p>

      <p><em>See, I</em> knew<em> it was Ira!</em></p>

      <p>“So? What’d you mess up this time?”</p>

      <p>“I messed up nothing! Now that Furiae is a saint, she will need a workforce to create this country, won’t she? So, I just let the cambions know about the plan...using their dreams! But now there’re loads of them gathering here.”</p>

      <p>“You truly are Lady Ira?!” Princess Sophia asked. She and her guards’ faces all stiffened in shock. Well, yeah... A goddess descending to the mortal plane wasn’t usually treated so casually.</p>

      <p>“Isn’t this a bit sudden, though? Shouldn’t we have been able to prepare first—”</p>

      <p>Ira interrupted me. “How can you suggest such a slow reaction, Makoto Takatsuki? Iblis will return tomorrow! And when the state of emergency is announced, people will find it difficult to travel. This was the best timing.”</p>

      <p>“Tomorrow?!” everyone shouted.</p>

      <p><em>Ira, why didn’t you tell any of them something so important?!</em></p>

      <p>“O-Oh? Did I not already say?”</p>

      <p>Damn this useless goddess. Still, despite not knowing the exact timing, everyone <em>had</em> known that Iblis was going to be back within the next few days. Hopefully, we should all be ready to fight.</p>

      <p>“Princess, you good?” I asked, turning to Furiae.</p>

      <p>“Wha?! Uh... Yeah, I’m...fine...”</p>

      <p>“But you look kinda red...?” I said, half asking and half observing. I peered at her flushed face. <em>The barrage of information must have overheated her.</em></p>

      <p>“I-I’m fine! It’s just...you’re kinda close.”</p>

      <p>“Do you have a fever or something?”</p>

      <p>I placed my hand on her forehead. She gave a little “eep.”</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, she feels kind of warm.</em></p>

      <p>“All right, Fuu. Time to calm down,” Sasa said, coming over and patting her shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Makoto, you need to back off,” Lucy insisted. She grabbed me and forcibly yanked me away.</p>

      <p><em>Hey! I was worried about her...</em></p>

      <p>“Leave the cambions to Cameron!” Ira exclaimed. “We have a temporary housing area outside of Symphonia. Cameron will also provide meals.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, so you’re ready for this,” I remarked.</p>

      <p>Ira—in Estelle’s body—puffed out her meager chest. Turning to Furiae, she continued. “Check with those who’ve gathered and find the people you need to create this country. We will ensure there is somewhere you can interview them in turn.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You want me to...?”</p>

      <p>“You cannot build a country alone. Cameron will provide aid, so you must arrange for the personnel.”</p>

      <p>“U-Understood. I’ll try to do so.” Despite her uneasiness, Furiae’s nod of agreement was strong and firm.</p>

      <p>Well, I’d have to help too...somehow.</p>

      <p>“Fujiyan, you mind backing her up too?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Hm? Ah, I see. Of course, my friend,” Fujiyan answered, immediately cottoning on to my idea. Everyone gathering around Furiae would have their own motives—Fujiyan would be able to use his <em>Mind Reading</em> to see who we could trust.</p>

      <p>“Princess, do you mind if Fujiyan lends a hand?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t...but what about you, my knight?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be helping too, of course.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then that’s fine.” Her expression gradually calmed down.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia nodded at our course of action. “As the situation continues to develop...I will also offer whatever aid I can.”</p>

      <p>“I wonder if there’s anything we can do,” Lucy pondered aloud.</p>

      <p>“There definitely will be,” Sasa replied. “Fuu, if you need anything at all, just let us know!”</p>

      <p>And so, all together, we headed to where the cambions were gathered.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>That evening, we convened in the living room.</p>

      <p>“I am exhausted, my knight...”</p>

      <p>Sasa sighed heavily. “Maybe we should order food tonight...”</p>

      <p>“Good for you, Fuuri. You’re really popular...” Lucy mumbled.</p>

      <p>All three of them were slumped over.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia looked at me worriedly. “Everyone seems dead on their feet.”</p>

      <p>“Well, they were all so busy...”</p>

      <p>Just today, we’d interviewed over a hundred cambion candidates. Lucy had checked the mages’ capabilities, and Sasa had sparred with the fighters. Fujiyan had done the final checks on their personalities, and finally, they’d been allowed to speak to Furiae.</p>

      <p>Already, over a thousand cambions had put their names in the hat, and Furiae had only personally interviewed the particularly exceptional people—the average ones had been recorded and registered by Princess Sophia and Estelle’s subordinates. For now, the focus was on individuals with experience in either engineering or farming. Laphroaig was home to a lot of monsters, so fighters were important as well. Luckily, since cambions were often mages, there wouldn’t be too much concern in regard to defense.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia, Fujiyan, and the others had briskly solved all of those concerns. As for me? Well, I’d stayed by Furiae’s side, serving the candidates tea and such.</p>

      <p>“Now that we’ve screened applicants, I have an appointment to see Princess Noelle,” Princess Sophia said. She held my hand longingly, and I squeezed it back.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Sophia.”</p>

      <p>“If you truly think that, then show it a little more.” She pouted and pinched my cheek.</p>

      <p><em>Uhh, what do I do here? I know! If in doubt, hug it out! </em>She yelped adorably as I put my arms around her.</p>

      <p>“You’re not fair,” she complained, but her expression softened. A hug had definitely been the right answer.</p>

      <p><em>Not bad, Mako</em>, Eir told me.</p>

      <p>So she was watching... The ominous silence around me implied that so were Lucy, Sasa, and Furiae.</p>

      <p>I tried to just avoid looking their way, but that was never going to work.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The hour grew late, and I was training in my room. Tomorrow...Iblis would finally return. It would be the most historic event since our arrival in this world—something we’d been told about over and over. In a way, it was actually rather exciting.</p>

      <p>Now then, it was time to train! I had to be ready!</p>

      <p><em>That’s just what you always do</em>, Noah commented.</p>

      <p>Well, that’s the most important thing, right? She and I chatted mentally for a while, but we were interrupted by a knock at the door. It was probably Lucy coming to train alongside me, or maybe Sasa coming to talk. Either way, I’d pretty much expected one of them.</p>

      <p>“Come in,” I called.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay...”</p>

      <p>My expectations had been wrong. Instead of either Sasa or Lucy, it was Saint Furiae, in her bedclothes, who appeared in my doorway.</p>

      <p>“Um, do you have a moment?” she asked.</p>

      <p>She was wearing a purple...something. <em>I think it’s called a negligee? </em>Furiae stepped into my room, the erotic bed clothes swishing as she moved.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, ’course,” I managed, despite being taken aback by the different impression she was giving off right now. I gestured to a chair, but she sat on my bed instead. Why there? Did she need to discuss something serious?</p>

      <p>When Lucy or Sasa turned up, I usually kept training while we talked, but...in the end, I decided to stop my practice. I sat in a chair and faced her, ready for the conversation.</p>

      <p>She didn’t say anything for a while.</p>

      <p>“Princess?” I prompted. However, before I could ask what she wanted...</p>

      <p>“Next to me!” she blurted out, patting the bed at her side.</p>

      <p>“G-Got it.”</p>

      <p>I moved as I spoke, sitting at her side and peering at her. She wouldn’t meet my gaze, but she definitely seemed like she was trying to work up the nerve to say something.</p>

      <p>Was the topic hard for her to bring up? Maybe she wanted to leave the party so she could found the country as its saint. If she wanted to focus on that, then I was going to help her.</p>

      <p>Oh, but I’d also made a promise to Sakurai—I was going to help him fight Iblis. <em>In that case, Furiae and I might end up parting ways.</em> Also, I personally wanted to be part of the final battle. I was thinking over how I’d deal with everything as I waited for her to start speaking.</p>

      <p>I could faintly hear the noise of the city in the distance. Symphonia was an active city, right into the night. Yet things were quiet in my room.</p>

      <p>“U-Um, my knight!” Furiae finally broke the silence, grabbing my hand and turning to face me.</p>

      <p>“Yup?”</p>

      <p>She looked so serious... What on earth could she want to talk about?</p>

      <p>“Um...when you saved me from the Hero of the Sun...I really appreciated that.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah...you’re welcome.” She wanted to talk about <em>that</em>? I was sure she’d wanted to talk about the future.</p>

      <p>“I...was so happy. My <em>Charm Magic</em> doesn’t work on you...but you still risked your life for me...”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t expect to actually die though...” I sighed, remembering Noah’s harsh scolding.</p>

      <p>“Say, my knight?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah?” I asked, shaking off my regrets and facing her again.</p>

      <p>“You have done so much for me. You saved me from Highland, you’ve taken me to so many different countries, you rescued me from the Hero of the Sun, and you even helped me become a saint.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...yeah.” That last point was more because of Althena, but I decided not to say anything. “I got the <em>Charm</em> skill from becoming your guardian knight, so we’re even, right?”</p>

      <p>“That’s not enough—it doesn’t make us even at all. But I don’t know how to tell you how I feel, or what would make you happy, or what to give you in return...”</p>

      <p>I was about to tell her she didn’t need to worry about that kind of thing, but the tears gathering in her eyes were enough to make me swallow the words. Before I knew it, she leaned against me, her breath tickling across my neck.</p>

      <p>Her obsidian eyes met mine.</p>

      <p>“Makoto...” she murmured. As far as I could remember, she hadn’t ever called me by my name, not since I’d become her guardian knight. “Don’t keep pushing yourself so hard.”</p>

      <p>“Princess...”</p>

      <p>Her eyes seemed to pierce right through mine, and I couldn’t move. I had <em>Calm Mind</em> going, didn’t I? My heart was pounding in my ears.</p>

      <p>Furiae said nothing more. She closed her eyes.</p>

      <p>Slowly, so slowly, she leaned in, and as her beautiful features came in close, I felt the brush of her lips against mine. The moment I felt her kiss, I thought I could smell something floral. I was torn about whether I should slide my arms around her shoulders.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>