<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4 — Makoto Takatsuki Despairs</h1>

      <p>My mouth fell open, and a dull noise of shock made its way past my lips.</p>

      <p>Sakurai—the Hero of Light—had <em>lost</em>? The same guy who had taken down a demon lord in a single hit...?</p>

      <p>“No way...” Furiae murmured. It was impossible to believe...but Sakurai was lying unconscious on the ground behind us. That was our reality.</p>

      <p>“Ryousuke!” Yokoyama yelled. She rushed over to him and started pulling out restoratives. He didn’t seem like he was coming around anytime soon though. I heard footsteps tap their way toward us.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’ll be taking the moon priestess now.”</p>

      <p>Lucy and I reacted to Alexander’s words.</p>

      <p><em>Right Arm of the Elemental. </em>My arm started to glow blue as I gathered mana. “<em>Ice Magic (King Rank): Ice Phoenix</em>!”</p>

      <p>“<em>Fire Magic (King Rank): Fire Phoenix</em>!” Lucy cried.</p>

      <p>Because I had to borrow mana, it meant that my spell took a little longer to cast than usual—it activated at the same time as Lucy’s chanted fire version.</p>

      <p>The huge blue and red birds seemed to intertwine as they pierced through the Hero of the Sun with a massive explosion. That power would have been enough to take down even a dragon. But...</p>

      <p>“Bah, how tiresome,” he said, completely unruffled in the middle of the blast.</p>

      <p>He wasn’t hurt at all?!</p>

      <p>“Do not resist, moon priestess,” he continued, suddenly whirling behind us, so fast that I didn’t even see the motion.</p>

      <p>“L-Let me go!” Furiae demanded. There was a pause, and then, “My <em>Charm</em> didn’t work?! Why?!”</p>

      <p>Alexander gripped her in a single hand. Sasa and I moved to try and help. However, before I knew what was going on, there was a loud <em>bang</em>—I went flying several meters back. I could taste blood in my mouth and my entire body was screaming in pain. Lucy was crumpled next to me, blood dripping down her lip.</p>

      <p>“Lucy! Are you okay?”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m fine...”</p>

      <p>She sounded like she was in pain, but she was at least conscious. Sasa had flown in the other direction. What had he done?</p>

      <p>“You! I have a <em>Curse of Vengeance</em>. If you hurt me, the same will happen to you! If you kill me, you will die!”</p>

      <p><em>Right! I forgot about that!</em></p>

      <p>Alexander just scratched his head awkwardly. “Curses have no effect on me.”</p>

      <p>“L-Let me go! Damn you, you oaf!”</p>

      <p>“Silence, woman.”</p>

      <p>“Urk!”</p>

      <p>The Hero of the Sun tightened his hand around her throat. What was he even doing?!</p>

      <p>“A...aach.”</p>

      <p>“See? What of your curse? My neck is completely unharmed.” He guffawed.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>