<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>But then—</p>

      <p>“Makoto! Let’s train!”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki! I made snacks!”</p>

      <p>—the door slammed open. Lucy might have been talking about training, but she had a bottle of wine in hand. Sasa had a plate full of food.</p>

      <p>Silence consumed the room as we all exchanged glances. After recovering from a beat of shock, Furiae darted away from me.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s not what you think!” she yelled.</p>

      <p>The other two ignored that statement and walked over.</p>

      <p>Lucy sighed. “Just take a drink of this,” she insisted, pouring a <em>very</em> full glass of wine.</p>

      <p>“Here’s some food to keep your energy up for the night,” Sasa cheered, setting an overflowing plate down next to us.</p>

      <p>But...I never really ate much at night...</p>

      <p>“U-Um... Lucy? Aya?” Furiae asked, her voice shaking.</p>

      <p>There was something bothering me, so I asked the question.</p>

      <p>“Did you hear us talking?”</p>

      <p>“Of course we did.”</p>

      <p>“Loud and clear.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” Furiae reeled.</p>

      <p>Lucy was an elf, so she had sharp ears in more ways than one, while being a lamia meant that Sasa could pick up the slightest vibrations. As far as both of them were concerned, people speaking in the same building might as well be right next to them.</p>

      <p>“We didn’t think she’d actually go for the kiss though,” Lucy said.</p>

      <p>“Right, Fuu’s pretty bold.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait right there! You heard all of it?!” Furiae demanded in a panic.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t exactly <em>calm</em> either. That kiss had really startled me.</p>

      <p>Lucy nodded enthusiastically. “Come on, Fuuri! Admit how you feel about Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“You’re not getting out of it anymore,” Sasa cajoled.</p>

      <p>Furiae gasped. “Wait, you let it happen on purpose?!”</p>

      <p>“Well, not exactly...”</p>

      <p>“We just got excited finally hearing you go for it.”</p>

      <p>“Ugh... I can’t believe you overheard...”</p>

      <p>The three girls were really getting into the swing of things. <em>Guys, this is </em>my<em> room...</em></p>

      <p>Lucy soon beckoned to me. “Come on, Makoto, join in.”</p>

      <p>“What about training?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“You can do it while you drink!”</p>

      <p>She was being way more forceful than usual.</p>

      <p>“You made a move on Fuu,” Sasa said.</p>

      <p>“S-Sasa?!”</p>

      <p>The look in her eyes was terrifying. Furiae had gone red before she’d even started drinking.</p>

      <p>Ultimately, the four of us ended up having a bit of a party.</p>

      <p>“So? Are you and Fuuri going out?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>“Ahh, so Fuu’s part of it too now.”</p>

      <p>“Mmm...”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa just wouldn’t stop asking questions.</p>

      <p>“Hold it right there!” Furiae interrupted. “That’s not what this is!”</p>

      <p>“Hmm? You still won’t admit it? Even after kissing him?” Lucy asked.</p>

      <p>Sasa shook her head. “Looks like you still haven’t had enough to drink.”</p>

      <p>“You drink up too!” Lucy demanded, turning to me.</p>

      <p>“Why do I have to...?”</p>

      <p>At their insistence, I ended up sinking quite a bit of drink. Furiae did too. Even as it got really late, Lucy and Sasa wouldn’t let things go.</p>

      <p>“I’m sleeping here tonight!” Furiae declared, falling back onto my bed.</p>

      <p><em>Come on...</em></p>

      <p>“Me too,” said Lucy.</p>

      <p>“I’ll go get pillows,” Sasa declared.</p>

      <p><em>Why...?</em></p>

      <p>The three of them seemed really into it, so I didn’t think I’d be able to convince them otherwise. I lay down on the far edge of the mattress and eventually found myself drifting off to sleep.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The next morning, I woke up later than usual.</p>

      <p>I rolled to my side and saw Furiae sleeping there. The strap of her negligee had slipped off her shoulder, so I gently pulled it back into place. Sasa and Lucy were wrapped around each other on the other side of the bed. They were definitely getting along well. Though honestly, the population density of this bed was kinda crazy.</p>

      <p>I sat up suddenly. <em>Iblis will be back today.</em> It felt like tension was consuming the entire town.</p>

      <p><em>Okay! Time to get ready to go out!</em> I decided, moving to stand up. However, the door slammed open before I could move any farther.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto, Iblis has returned! Make your way to the cathedral and—”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia.</p>

      <p>We stared silently at each other. Her eyes then fell on Furiae, then to Lucy and Sasa. Finally, they snapped back to me.</p>

      <p>I looked away.</p>

      <p>She stalked toward me, and I felt a cold sweat spring up on my back. Then, she—<em>very</em>—forcefully pinched my face and yanked it around so I was looking directly at her. I was met by a kind smile...and a pulsing vein in her temple.</p>

      <p>“It seems you had a rather enjoyable night.”</p>

      <p>“I-It’s not what you think!” I sputtered.</p>

      <p>After a while, I managed to cheer her up again.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“All right, let us be off,” she said, taking my arm and steering me toward the cathedral.</p>

      <p>The whole point of this meeting was to discuss strategy for everyone involved in the fight against Iblis. Why the cathedral, though? The last time, before the battle against Zagan, we’d met in Highland Castle...</p>

      <p>There was also one other thing I was wondering about.</p>

      <p>“U-Um...Sophia? You don’t need to hold on to my arm so tightly.”</p>

      <p>“I certainly do. If I don’t, you’ll find yourself with another woman right away.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, I wouldn’t...”</p>

      <p>It seemed she was still angry. I glanced behind us.</p>

      <p>Lucy was whistling while Sasa offered an apologetic gesture and a rueful smile. Furiae wouldn’t even meet my gaze—she just looked away with red cheeks.</p>

      <p>Damn them. Was no one gonna help me out? Well...I’d been the one in the wrong, I guess...</p>

      <p>“Sophiaaaa.”</p>

      <p>She looked pointedly away from me. <em>Maybe I should give her more time...</em></p>

      <p>As we walked, I glanced around. The sky was cloudy and gloomy, and it felt like there were fewer people out and about. Iblis’s resurrection hadn’t yet been made public, but there was a clear lack of liveliness on everyone’s faces.</p>

      <p>From the streets, I noticed a gray statue of Abel the Savior standing at the entrance to the capital.</p>

      <p>Something was wrong.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t put it into words...but I felt awful.</p>

      <p>“Sophia?”</p>

      <p>“What is it? I am not angry with—”</p>

      <p>“Um, what color is that statue?”</p>

      <p>She looked questioningly at me.</p>

      <p>“Ah...of course. You mean the one of Hero Abel, right?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>For a second, I didn’t believe my ears. Unlike Sasa and I who had come from another world, Lucy and Princess Sophia had always called him “Abel the Savior” due to the clear distinction between Abel and normal heroes. The savior’s name was absolute to the people of this world. A priestess of the church would surely never use it incorrectly...</p>

      <p>“Let us hurry, Hero Makoto. Lady Noelle is waiting.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right.”</p>

      <p>We never got to discuss my misgivings or what the princess had actually said—quickly, we hurried to the cathedral.</p>

      <p>It was already packed with people. I spied royals from each country, nobles, heroes, priestesses, knights that had made a name for themselves...and so on.</p>

      <p>There were people I knew, but also those I’d never seen before.</p>

      <p>In the front of the room, a statue of Althena sat on a raised platform. Princess Noelle and Estelle were standing on the same platform.</p>

      <p>“Lady Noelle is currently acting as the pope,” Princess Sophia explained in a whisper. <em>So the last pope has already been removed...</em> That was all good as far as I was concerned—I didn’t want to see him anyway.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki!”</p>

      <p>“Janet?” A knight clad in golden armor raced over to me, and I turned my gaze toward her.</p>

      <p>“You seem well. Where will you be posted? If it hasn’t been decided, then I can convince the commander to—”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia interrupted her. “He will likely be with the same forces as the Hero of Light. Lady Noelle has said as much.”</p>

      <p>“I will?” I actually hadn’t heard that.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. The Hero of Light requested it himself, apparently.”</p>

      <p>“The same... Then that means you will be with Commander Owain’s forces. It should be simple then.” She giggled, giving me a meaningful smile. “We will fight together, Hero Makoto.”</p>

      <p>“I trust you will take care of him,” Princess Sophia said.</p>

      <p>“Oh?” Janet seemed surprised. “I thought you were against me being near him.”</p>

      <p>“I am... But I cannot be on the battlefield, so I need you to ensure that he does not go too far.”</p>

      <p>“Got it. I’ll do my best to make sure it doesn’t end the same way as last time!” she said cheerily.</p>

      <p>Janet wore a reliable-looking expression, and Princess Sophia smiled back. Then, she gave me a meaningful look.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, <em>all</em> of the women in the party have been with Hero Makoto, so I think you will find it difficult to make a place for yourself.”</p>

      <p>Janet looked at me in shock.</p>

      <p>“Y-You...made a move on the Priestess of the Moon? She’s a <em>saint</em> now!”</p>

      <p>“The norms of that ilk have no hold on my fiancé,” Princess Sophia lamented. “I personally saw them sharing a bed this morning.”</p>

      <p>“What an awful man... Sophia, you do not have it easy.”</p>

      <p>“Janet...this, too, is part of my royal duties...”</p>

      <p>“I am on your side,” the knight told her.</p>

      <p>It felt kinda like they were using me and becoming friends at my expense.</p>

      <p>“Silence, everyone!” a Temple Knight called loudly. The huge doors to the cathedral shut with a<em> thud</em>.</p>

      <p>“Everyone involved is now assembled.” Princess Noelle’s voice carried across the hall. The cathedral had enough seats for hundreds of people, but nearly all of them were filled. There were also lines of knights—likely bodyguards—stationed along the walls. Formations of Temple Knights stood outside as well. All in all, I was pretty sure this was currently the most important place on the continent.</p>

      <p>Our party took seats at the back of the room. Janet’s armor clanked slightly as she sat nearby. <em>Shouldn’t she be with the rest of the Ballantines?</em></p>

      <p>“The goddess has important news about Iblis’s return,” Princess Noelle said, giving Estelle—no, Ira—a look. Immediately, her body began to glow, and immense amounts of mana filled the air. Several wings of light sprouted from her back and literally everyone in the cathedral bowed their heads.</p>

      <p><em>She’s acting like she only just descended...but she’s been there the whole time, hasn’t she?</em></p>

      <p>Even as I followed suit, bowing my head, I glanced at her face. Oops, she was glaring at me. She must have heard my thoughts. But...she looked really tired.</p>

      <p>“Raise your heads,” she said solemnly. Then, she cast her gaze over everyone present. “I have news for you all. I believe you may have already heard, but today marks a thousand years since Iblis was defeated. This is also the day of his return.”</p>

      <p>The room began to stir.</p>

      <p>“However, he does not have his full power. Only two of the demon lords remain on the demon continent, so the situation has changed drastically in the past thousand years. We have the forces to fight back. A direct attack could very well end in victory.”</p>

      <p>Well, that’s the outcome we’d been preparing for over the past several years. A murmur of relief swept the crowd. Various nobles and military personnel around us were muttering.</p>

      <p>“So the time has come...”</p>

      <p>“True peace will reign after Iblis is defeated...”</p>

      <p>“I am ready...”</p>

      <p>They certainly sounded motivated.</p>

      <p>However, the dark expression on Princess Noelle’s face was bothering me. She was probably worried for Sakurai. I looked around and spied him right at the front, next to Owain.</p>

      <p>“The countries stand together in a powerful alliance. The demon lords have decreased in number, and Iblis is not at full power. If we were to attack, now would be the time. Or...it should be.”</p>

      <p>There was a questioning silence. It felt like things were getting off track. The cathedral began to stir once again, and if you looked closely, you could see the graveness of Ira’s expression.</p>

      <p>“Iblis was not without a plan for his resurrection,” Ira said. “His weaker armies have taken cowardly actions. We have already felt that influence here...no, across the whole continent. The wicked strength of the Great Demon Lord threatens our very lives.”</p>

      <p><em>Whoa, hold on there, Ira! Where’d all that morale go?!</em></p>

      <p>Everyone else also seemed lost at those words.</p>

      <p>“I shall speak plainly. As things stand, we cannot win against Iblis. Things can only end in defeat.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What do you mean?!” a noble of Highland demanded.</p>

      <p>“I will explain... However, there is someone I will call on first.”</p>

      <p>Ira lifted a hand, and a huge magic circle appeared in the air. It shone in a familiar rainbow of colors—a summoning circle. However, familiar or not, a human could never use a spell that powerful. Only the strength of Ira’s anima enabled its activation. The person who came from it was also familiar: a tall, beautiful goddess.</p>

      <p><em>Should she be descending so freely?</em> I wondered.</p>

      <p>This was Althena, who I had met only the other day.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>