<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7 — Makoto Takatsuki Receives a Divine Revelation</h1>

      <p>Althena stepped from the glowing magic circle. She looked down on everyone from her elevated position, and judging by her expression, she was in a bad mood. The slight warmth present in the room when Ira had revealed herself was gone. Instead, the air felt stifling, drawn taut by the pressure Althena exuded. Everyone was sweating buckets from just feeling her eyes on them. No one spoke—silence reigned in the cathedral.</p>

      <p>“The situation is grave,” Althena stated. “Iblis has likely decided that he cannot win a fight against humanity when your preparations have been so thorough. As such, he has utilized forbidden techniques to change the outcome.”</p>

      <p>“Forbidden techniques?” Princess Noelle asked for everyone. “What exactly do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“Altering history...and interfering with the past using <em>Fate Magic</em>,” Ira answered.</p>

      <p>I heard people gulp.</p>

      <p><em>Altering history...? What in the...</em></p>

      <p>Ira continued, her voice dark. “Iblis’s spell is attempting to reach a thousand years into the past and kill Hero Abel. That will throw all of history into disorder...and it will become impossible for you to defeat Iblis in this era.”</p>

      <p>The room remained quiet until the details finally registered with everyone, at which point, the cathedral erupted.</p>

      <p>“H-How can that be possible?!”</p>

      <p>“That is an act of the gods!”</p>

      <p>“Impossible!”</p>

      <p>Manipulating the past with magic was something many mages had tried to achieve, but it had yet to be made a reality. That magic was supposed to lie squarely in the realm of the gods.</p>

      <p>Eternal life, stopping time, and time travel... There were no mages who had achieved any one of those without imperfections. All that lived died, time marched on, and history was immutable...or so it should have been.</p>

      <p>“We do not know what method he has used. It is highly possible that he has borrowed strength from the Daemons...though we cannot stop and investigate that. With each moment that passes, the modification progresses. You are already losing your memories of Hero Abel.”</p>

      <p>A chorus of gasps rang out from everyone present.</p>

      <p>“Sophia, Lucy?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Why... Why can I not remember the savior...?”</p>

      <p>“M-Makoto...what do I do? I can’t remember any of the details. I know that I memorized everything and read so many picture books as a kid...”</p>

      <p>Both of them looked pale. <em>So history really is changing...</em></p>

      <p>“Althena, we beseech you for guidance. How should we navigate this crisis?” Princess Noelle asked this calmly, but her voice was wavering.</p>

      <p>“Is it possible for us to use the same magic?” Sakurai asked. “If our enemy is altering the past, then we should do the same!”</p>

      <p>“That is impossible, Hero of Light,” the Grandsage interrupted. She’d said a little while ago that she was traveling to Caol Ilan, but she must have come back.</p>

      <p>“Why, Grandsage?”</p>

      <p>“Mortals cannot use that kind of power. I can use some <em>Fate Magic</em>...but just enough to see a tiny amount of the future. It is impossible for mortal magic to alter the past.”</p>

      <p><em>No one on the continent is a better mage than the Grandsage. If she says it’s impossible, then it must be.</em></p>

      <p>“Iblis likely used thousands, no, tens of thousands of sacrifices to Typhon to gain that kind of power...” she explained. “It is not a spell anyone can mimic.”</p>

      <p>Everyone’s faces paled. <em>Tens of thousands of sacrifices... Hence it being forbidden, I guess.</em></p>

      <p>“So...is there any other method?” Princess Noelle asked, her voice growing quieter by the word.</p>

      <p>Althena said nothing. Ira remained silent as well.</p>

      <p><em>Guys...come on! Say something!</em></p>

      <p>“There is nothing you can do...” Ira answered.</p>

      <p>I heard a quiet, mournful exclamation.</p>

      <p>“In this instance...it is we, the divine, who must take responsibility for not noticing the alteration of history,” she said quietly. “So, we shall help you.”</p>

      <p>Everyone swallowed thickly, waiting for her to continue.</p>

      <p>“Ordinarily, the gods are not permitted to directly interfere in mortal affairs. We are bound by compacts between our kind... If those laws are broken, others will also interfere, and finally, war will break out among the divine. In that case, the world...will end.”</p>

      <p>Ira paused, allowing the room to feel the weight of her words, and then continued.</p>

      <p>“However, I will break those rules. As punishment...I will no longer be able to descend. I will also be unable to give skills to heroes or priestesses. Losing its core faith, I imagine that Cameron will begin to fall. However, that outcome is better than succumbing to the demon army.”</p>

      <p>The nobles and warriors of Cameron began to despair. However, no one spoke out against her.</p>

      <p>“Ira, may I ask specifically how you will aid us?” Princess Noelle asked.</p>

      <p>Ira looked over the gathered people, seeming to firm her resolve, and then spoke.</p>

      <p>“I will utilize a miracle and send a warrior a thousand years into the past. That person will aid Hero Abel in his survival.”</p>

      <p>A cheer rang out in the cathedral.</p>

      <p>“I will go!” Gerald exclaimed, immediately offering himself. He was a pretty manly man.</p>

      <p>“Wait, I’ll go too!” Olga shouted.</p>

      <p>They were both so sure of themselves!</p>

      <p>“I appreciate your courageous offers. However, I can only send a single person...” Ira said apologetically.</p>

      <p>“Then it should be me,” Gerald said. “No one has any complaints, right?”</p>

      <p>He was a high-ranking hero, and he had the <em>Hero of Lightning </em>skill, which Abel had also possessed. Judging by everyone’s reactions, no one seemed to object.</p>

      <p>“No. Hero of Lightning, Gerald, you have built your fame over a long time on this continent. Sending you would ensure that the Daemons notice our plan. The same goes for Olga, Hero of Incandescence,” Althena said. “This time travel will be presented as a <em>mistake</em> by Ira, so we cannot send a famous person from this world. The most appropriate candidate would be someone who has been unknown until recently.”</p>

      <p>A mistake by Ira...that certainly seemed possible. Ack, she was glaring at me. Either way, if neither of them would work, then who would?</p>

      <p>“Someone unknown until recently... So, an otherworlder...?” I heard someone say.</p>

      <p>“Would that mean Ryousuke?!” Princess Noelle practically screamed, breaking her earlier calm. Well, if they could only send one person, then the only strong otherworlder I could think of was Sakurai...</p>

      <p>Althena shook her head, offering a concise refusal. “Noelle, the Hero of Light has the duty of defeating Iblis in the present. We cannot send him to the past.”</p>

      <p>“I-I see...” Sakurai said. He sounded shocked. He must have expected to be chosen as well.</p>

      <p>“Lady Ira,” Commander Owain spoke up. “Highland and Great Keith have several orichalcum adventurers and the like who are on the level of heroes without possessing the title. Shall I call for them?”</p>

      <p><em>Makes sense. The person doesn’t have to be a hero.</em></p>

      <p>But Ira shook her head, still wearing a dark expression. “That will not work. The spell to send the warrior to the past must be as inconspicuous as possible...”</p>

      <p>“I shall inform you of the conditions that make a suitable candidate,” Ira said clearly. “A hero, priestess, or anyone with a strong skill will immediately be noticed by the Daemons. While the adventurers you mentioned are not heroes, they have saint or king rank skills and are thus ineligible.”</p>

      <p>“So mom or the Grandsage won’t work either,” Lucy murmured.</p>

      <p>True. Rosalie might be reliable, but the conditions Ira had just given would discount her.</p>

      <p>“Then how strong can they be before going over that limit?” General Talisker asked, voicing the question on everyone’s minds.</p>

      <p>“By mortal averages... They can have only mid rank or lower skills. That is what would make someone suitable.”</p>

      <p>“That...is quite the requirement...” Owain grumbled.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, definitely too extreme.</em></p>

      <p>“Complaining will do us no good. We need to gather candidates. We must find someone with only mid rank or lower skills who can help Sir Abel.” Despite the dark mood, Princess Noelle was still speaking optimistically.</p>

      <p>But...</p>

      <p>“That will not be necessary,” Althena said bluntly. “Ira has already checked all possible futures.”</p>

      <p>“Sh-She has...?” came the shocked response.</p>

      <p>Ira had seen the future of everyone on the continent? Well...it made sense that she was tired.</p>

      <p>“We have evaluated all of those who follow the Sacred Deities,” Althena said, face expressionless. “Unfortunately, no matter who of the goddesses’ faithful we send, none will be able to alter the past. Hero Abel will lose his life.”</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle uttered a cry of despair. No, it wasn’t just her—everyone in the room had lost the light in their eyes.</p>

      <p>The ruler of the whole world had said that Abel was absolutely going to die. I could already hear people saying that it was all over.</p>

      <p>“However...there is still a possibility.”</p>

      <p>People lifted their heads at the goddess’s statement, waiting desperately for her next words. Althena hesitated for a moment, letting her gaze move around the room before slowly, it fell upon my party. Her sharp eyes speared me. She opened her mouth, and when she spoke, her voice was distant, almost as if what she was saying had nothing to do with her.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki, we have a <em>revelation</em> for you.”</p>

      <p>I had a...<em>bad</em> feeling. Honestly, I was scared of hearing what she’d say next.</p>

      <p>“You are the only one...” she said, and this time, her voice was hesitant. She looked and sounded even more apologetic than when she’d been in Noah’s space. “You are the only one whose future Ira cannot see...and the only one who can change the past.”</p>

      <p>By my side, I heard Princess Sophia gasp.</p>

      <p><em>Come on! Gimme a break...</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki, will you travel back a thousand years to save Hero Abel...and the world?”</p>

      <p>To me, her words sounded like a death sentence. <em>No, more like a trip to hell. </em>But, looking closely, her expression seemed slightly pained.</p>

      <p>Everyone in the room turned to look at me, all the way to the back of the cathedral where I was sitting. All seemed to be waiting for my response.</p>

      <p>I glanced up for a moment. Decorating the ceiling were paintings of goddesses surrounded by angels.</p>

      <p>I’d expected a selection screen from <em>RPG Player</em>, but nothing popped up. <em>A thousand years in the past to save Abel the Savior... Why me?</em> It looked like there wasn’t anyone else suitable though. Also, if I turned them down, the world would end.</p>

      <p>Could I deal with that? No...I couldn’t.</p>

      <p><em>I’ll have to go.</em></p>

      <p>I stood and started walking up to the platform where the goddesses waited, scratching my head as I went.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto...”</p>

      <p>Someone grabbed hold of my arm.</p>

      <p>“Sophia...” I murmured.</p>

      <p>“Are you...leaving?”</p>

      <p>Her teary face stopped me from answering right away. “Depending on the conditions,” I replied with a vague laugh.</p>

      <p>I strode slowly through the cathedral, and after a moment, I noticed that Lucy, Sasa, and Furiae were walking with me. When I stopped in front of the platform, I found myself standing before Althena.</p>

      <p>“There are several things I want to ask,” I said.</p>

      <p>She offered a solemn nod. “I will answer.”</p>

      <p>“If I go back to the past, will I be able to return to the present?” That was the most important thing. If I was the only one who could fix the past, then I’d have to go. But...I really didn’t want it to be a one-way journey.</p>

      <p>“I will answer that,” Ira put forward quietly. “At present, we rule the world—our current era is one of light. That is what makes it easy to send you to the past. However, a thousand years ago, the Daemons ruled over an era of darkness. The power we had on the planet back then was much lower...and we will not gain enough power for time travel until a hundred years after Iblis’s defeat.”</p>

      <p>“No!” Sasa screamed.</p>

      <p>“S-So...?” Lucy asked, her voice shaking.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki...” Ira said, words heavy. “We cannot return you to the present.”</p>

      <p><em>Come on, for real?</em></p>

      <p>“Refuse, my knight!” Furiae yelled. “There is no need for you to put yourself through this!”</p>

      <p>She had a point—this was unfair no matter which way you sliced it. They were essentially telling me to sacrifice myself for the world. I said nothing and fixed my gaze on Althena. She should already know my thoughts.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki, I will grant your desires.”</p>

      <p>“My...desires?” I didn’t want standing or money, and she knew that. So, she continued with something else.</p>

      <p>“The restrictions on Noah’s believers will be released.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Noah will be able to have as many as she wishes.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>That was definitely a big win. Currently, Noah could only have one believer at a time, and right now, her “one” was me. Though, that aside...</p>

      <p>“Is that it?” I asked.</p>

      <p>The majority of people on the continent followed the Sacred Deities, and recruiting more believers would be pretty difficult for Noah since she was treated as a wicked deity. That was precisely why she had focused on me—I was an otherworlder and had not been raised knowing the difference.</p>

      <p>“Of course not. We will accept Noah as the eighth goddess on this continent. In other words, she will not be considered a wicked deity any longer. She will become a full member of our pantheon.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...”</p>

      <p>That was incredible. She’d be going from wicked deity to a pillar of faith.</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” came the inarticulate roar from the rest of the room.</p>

      <p>Well, that made sense—everyone in this world had been taught that wicked deities were evil, and soon, that same deity would be receiving their prayers. I glanced to my side and saw Lucy and Furiae lost for words. Even Princess Noelle, still standing on the stage, looked shocked.</p>

      <p><em>So this is a </em>real<em> exception. </em>It was the biggest thing they’d offered. However, if they’d go this far...</p>

      <p>“You may as well just free her from the Seafloor Temple...” I muttered.</p>

      <p>Althena’s answer seemed hesitant. “I...cannot.”</p>

      <p>“Why? You’re being stingy.”</p>

      <p>Everyone else jolted back, but Althena didn’t pay my rudeness any mind. She moved in close and whispered into my ear.</p>

      <p>“I thought the same and asked father for permission. That damned fossil said no... Apparently, if he lets her out now, then he can’t use her potential freedom as leverage for a marriage between them! She’s my childhood friend! That makes it bad enough, but he isn’t even slightly sorry about secretly having Alec!”</p>

      <p>“Althena,” I whispered back, “you’re slipping.”</p>

      <p>She paused for a moment, then said, “Sorry,” before backing away.</p>

      <p><em>Wow, she really does have it tough...</em></p>

      <p>“So, what will you do, Makoto Takatsuki?” Ira asked.</p>

      <p>“Are you leaving, Makoto?” Lucy asked uneasily.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto...” Princess Sophia said, a hand on my sleeve. I hadn’t even noticed her approach.</p>

      <p><em>What should I do?</em></p>

      <p>As I thought, I realized that the most important person, the person I would need to consult with before making this decision, wasn’t here. I couldn’t decide without her.</p>

      <p>Althena met my eye and nodded. “Indeed, we need to call her as well.” She raised a hand, and another huge magic circle appeared, glowing in prismatic rainbow colors.</p>

      <p>“Come forth, Wicked Deity Noah,” Althena commanded. The cathedral as a whole seemed to shudder.</p>

      <p>“A wicked deity?!”</p>

      <p>“This is the Holy Mother’s Cathedral!”</p>

      <p>“But Althena said she would become the eighth goddess...”</p>

      <p>“How horrifying will this goddess be?”</p>

      <p>I listened to their comments with half an ear as light spilled out of the circle. Then, people began to gasp.</p>

      <p>“Call and I shall come forth! Ta-da!” Noah cheered, leaping out of the circle.</p>

      <p>Silence.</p>

      <p>I noticed a huge disparity in the tension before and after Noah’s arrival. People had been fraught with anticipation and afraid of seeing a wicked deity, but when Noah came through, she was just...Noah. Frankly, it made the whole cathedral feel weird.</p>

      <p><em>Goddess? Could you not with the mood breaker?</em></p>

      <p>Ira held her head while Althena grimaced.</p>

      <p>“You slipped, Noah.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I did?” my goddess asked, humming as she shook her hair out. She was as gorgeous as ever.</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa were at a loss for words too. I sighed, then turned to my friends with a rueful smile.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Lucy. She might be a bit weird, but she’s usually more serious and— Huh?”</p>

      <p>Lucy had collapsed to the floor.</p>

      <p>“Wha?! L-Lucy! Stay with me!” I called, looking into her eyes and trying to wake her up. But they weren’t focusing, and there was a line of drool coming from her mouth. She’d fainted.</p>

      <p>“Ah...ahhhh...ahh...”</p>

      <p>By her side, Sasa was groaning, still standing upright but with vacant eyes.</p>

      <p>“Sasa?! Are you okay?!” I looked around, trying to work out what to do as I held Lucy.</p>

      <p>“Uhh...uaahha...”</p>

      <p>“Ahh...ahhhhh!”</p>

      <p>“Cree...creheehee...”</p>

      <p>Everyone in the room was acting weird. What the hell?</p>

      <p>“Noah!” Althena’s angry yell broke over the groans.</p>

      <p>Ira then cried out, “What are you thinking, coming into the mortal realm in your true form?! Hide yourself already! Everyone here’s gone mad!”</p>

      <p>Huh... Gone mad?</p>

      <p>“Oh, right. I just appeared as I usually do in front of Makoto,” Noah murmured, seemingly unconcerned. Suddenly, she went semitransparent. “There, that should be fine.”</p>

      <p>“Nothing about this is ‘fine’! The leaders of the continent are all here!”</p>

      <p>“Noah...could you give me my friends back?” I chided.</p>

      <p>“Fine, fine.” She sighed, snapping her fingers. “Elementals of time, turn back the clock.”</p>

      <p>The surroundings were engulfed in a rainbow. I felt dizzy for a moment and the air seemed oddly thick. That feeling soon went away, and the light vanished.</p>

      <p>When I looked around, I saw that things were the same as they’d been before.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>Lucy and Sasa peered around, confused.</p>

      <p>“Lucy! Sasa!”</p>

      <p>Thank goodness they were back. Everyone else seemed to have recovered as well.</p>

      <p>Ira shook her head. “Noah, you’re so...”</p>

      <p>“What, got a problem?” Noah demanded.</p>

      <p>“We’ll talk later,” Althena told her.</p>

      <p>Both of them certainly <em>did</em> have a problem, and even as I listened to the discussion, it was only with half my attention. I didn’t know <em>how</em> it’d happened at all, but I knew <em>what</em> had happened. It was a miracle—time had reversed.</p>

      <p>I knew this was one of the ways to bring back the dead. Noah had just arrived carrying the big guns, magicwise. Also, what were those time elementals? I couldn’t really understand, and as I was trying to parse everything, Noah spoke to me.</p>

      <p>“See, it’s all back to normal, right?” She grinned. That carefree expression was honestly pretty scary.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Makoto,” Lucy whispered into my ear. “Your goddess is kinda...”</p>

      <p>Right, this was the first time they’d all met.</p>

      <p>“Don’t say it like that,” Noah complained.</p>

      <p>“You always talk her up, Takatsuki,” Sasa said, “so I had this picture in my mind of a really good goddess...”</p>

      <p>“That’s strange, my knight. It seems like you are being taken in by some odd woman...”</p>

      <p>Huh. They’d all gotten a really bad impression of Noah.</p>

      <p>Around us, I could hear everyone murmuring in fear of the wicked deities.</p>

      <p>My goddess didn’t seem to care at all. <em>This is bad, Noah. They’re all scared.</em></p>

      <p>She must have heard my thoughts because she tilted her head and then put a finger to her cheek, stepping forward across the platform.</p>

      <p>“Hi, everyone☆ I’m Noah♡”</p>

      <p>She winked. Immediately, I felt a refreshing breeze accompanied by a floral scent. It was almost like we were in a flower field... <em>Wait, are there literally flowers here?! Is this an illusion...?</em></p>

      <p>“Ahhh, Noah...”</p>

      <p>“How lovely!”</p>

      <p>“I’ll join your faith...”</p>

      <p>The people in the cathedral suddenly sprouted hearts in their eyes. Whoa, she’d charmed them like it was nothing.</p>

      <p>“Kinda suspicious...”</p>

      <p>“Very.”</p>

      <p>“She’s an enemy...”</p>

      <p>On the other hand, Lucy, Sasa, and Furiae hadn’t been charmed.</p>

      <p>“Aww, don’t make me sad. I’ve been watching you all this time,” Noah said, hopping off the stage and walking over to us.</p>

      <p>The three of them shuddered.</p>

      <p>“Come on, Lucy, Aya, let’s all be friends. Why not convert to me?”</p>

      <p>“U-Uh...”</p>

      <p>“I-I’m scared, Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>Her anima was billowing around us and frightening them.</p>

      <p>“Noah, stop threatening my friends, please,” I said, tugging at her. What was she playing at?</p>

      <p>“I’m just inviting them.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll invite the two of them,” I said firmly.</p>

      <p>“Well, I’m just so excited to be down here again!”</p>

      <p>“<em>Too</em> excited,” I remarked, dragging her back to the platform.</p>

      <p>“Now, Noah—order your disciple to go back a thousand years in the past,” Althena said.</p>

      <p>“Hm? No way.”</p>

      <p>Althena balked at the immediate refusal. “What?”</p>

      <p>“Noah?” I asked.</p>

      <p>She’d be elevated as the eighth goddess <em>and</em> would be able to recruit more believers. After being treated as evil for so long, that should be the thing the Titanea wanted most of all. And, if she could gain more believers, the Titanea as a whole would grow stronger. Frankly, I’d expected her to give me the order right away...</p>

      <p>“Makoto, you decide by yourself,” she declared.</p>

      <p>I had no words.</p>

      <p>“Noah...what are you planning?” Althena asked harshly.</p>

      <p>Noah wore her usual kind smile...the same smile she’d worn since the first time we’d met. Her pale, translucent hand rested on my cheek. “Makoto, you can choose. Decide whether to <em>save</em> the world...or <em>damn</em> it...”</p>

      <p>There wasn’t a hint of a shadow in her smile as she burdened me with the heaviest decision of my life.</p>

      <p>No, it was the same smile she always wore.</p>

      <p>My eyes roamed the area, and I used <em>RPG Player</em> to glance at my friends’ faces without moving my head. Once again, I’d expected an <em>RPG Player</em> selection...but there was still nothing.</p>

      <p>Lucy looked generally unhappy.</p>

      <p>Sasa was tearing up.</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia was keeping a cool expression, but beneath the surface, she seemed to be struggling to endure.</p>

      <p>Furiae looked like an abandoned kitten.</p>

      <p>My resolve faltered. I went to say something, then stopped.</p>

      <p><em>If they try to keep me here, I’ll probably let them.</em></p>

      <p>I turned back to my goddess. “Noah.”</p>

      <p>“Yup, Makoto?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll go back in time. I’ll help Abel the Savior.”</p>

      <p>The cathedral seemed to sigh out a collective held breath. Even Althena looked relieved.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure? You won’t be able to see anyone you care about ever again.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t make me second-guess myself,” I said with a rueful smile. Then, as I climbed down from the platform, I turned back to my friends. “Sorry, guys. I’m going.”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...don’t...” Sasa pleaded, grabbing my arm and burying her face in my chest. “I’ll come with you. Goddess, I want to go with him...”</p>

      <p>“Aya Sasaki. We can only send a single person back. You cannot accompany him.”</p>

      <p>“That’s not f-fair...”</p>

      <p>All I could do was hold her as she cried. Someone else then approached me from behind.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto. You have the prestigious role of aiding the savior. I pray for your...” Her words suddenly trailed off.</p>

      <p>“Sophia...” I murmured.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. You’re the one who is suffering here, but...”</p>

      <p>Her gaze fell. <em>What should I say...?</em></p>

      <p>“Aww, you’re always forcing yourself,” said a cheerful, disembodied voice. Out of nowhere, Eir suddenly appeared, wrapping her arms around Princess Sophia from behind.</p>

      <p>“Eir?!” she exclaimed.</p>

      <p>I gave the water goddess a questioning look. “So, when did you descend?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I got summoned from the Seafloor Temple along with Noah.”</p>

      <p>“B-But you shouldn’t...” Princess Sophia stammered.</p>

      <p><em>Seriously, guys?</em> I looked at Althena and saw her awkwardly scratching her cheek. So she hadn’t <em>meant </em>to summon Eir...</p>

      <p>“It’s all right, Sophie. You’re allowed to cry when you’re sad.”</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia was silent for a few moments, then she whispered. “Okay.”</p>

      <p><em>I can probably rely on Eir to look after her. As for the others...</em></p>

      <p>I met Furiae’s eyes. Her usual aloof expression had vanished, and she was acting really meek.</p>

      <p>“M-My knight...”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Princess. I’m your guardian knight, but I won’t be able to stay by your side anymore.”</p>

      <p>“Forget about me! Are <em>you</em> going to be all right? You have to go a thousand years into the past, all on your own. That’s horrible...” She made her way over and took my hand. Her fingers were shaking ever so slightly.</p>

      <p>“I don’t really have a choice. It’s better than the world ending, right?”</p>

      <p>“But...you only just came back... Why— Why do you have to...?”</p>

      <p>“Guess it’s just bad luck.”</p>

      <p>She sighed. “You’re always so easygoing...”</p>

      <p>“Good luck building your new nation.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you...”</p>

      <p>Furiae must have understood how adamant I was about leaving—she let her hand slip from mine.</p>

      <p>Finally, I turned to the redheaded elf girl who had thus far stayed silent.</p>

      <p>“Lucy, I’m—”</p>

      <p>I was going to apologize for not being able to adventure together anymore, but she cut me off.</p>

      <p>“Makoto!”</p>

      <p>She was glaring, her arms crossed. Lucy had been my first friend in this world, and she was the girl I’d spent the most time with here. <em>Looks like we aren’t going to be able to keep our promise to clear the Seafloor Temple together...</em></p>

      <p>“Promise me.”</p>

      <p>“Promise you?” I parroted.</p>

      <p>“That you’ll come back!” she exclaimed. “When you save Hero Abel and defeat Iblis, you’re coming back to us!” She pointed an insistent finger at me.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>