<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3 — Makoto Takatsuki Heads for the Award Ceremony</h1>

      <p>I woke up and got dressed, then offered my prayers to Noah. When I made my way into the living room, Sasa was awake, as she always was. Oddly, Furiae was sitting there too—she would normally still be sleeping at this time. Lucy was almost certainly still in bed.</p>

      <p>“Morning, Sasa, Princess,” I greeted as I sat down at the table.</p>

      <p>“Hiya, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>“Good day, my knight.”</p>

      <p>As I sat down, I noticed a mysterious...thing...on my plate.</p>

      <p>“Sasa, what’s this black stuff?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Charcoal that used to be bacon?”</p>

      <p>“And the black thing next to it?”</p>

      <p>“Charcoal that was once an egg.”</p>

      <p>I was silent for a moment. “Is there...anything else?”</p>

      <p>“What?! Are you saying you can’t eat what I made?!” Furiae demanded.</p>

      <p>“What? <em>You</em> made it?!” I returned in shock. This was the first time I’d ever known her to cook.</p>

      <p>“Is there something wrong with that?”</p>

      <p>“N-Nothing.” I stared at the black objects on my plate. Charcoal? It wasn’t going to kill me, was it? I plucked up the nerve and reached out with my chopsticks, but then, Sasa yoinked my plate away.</p>

      <p>“All riiiight, this is your actual breakfast. We just wanted to show how much effort Fuu put in.” Sasa smiled, replacing the charcoal with a properly prepared meal. “I’m going to go wake up Lu,” she said, wandering off.</p>

      <p>I met Furiae’s gaze, but she quickly and awkwardly looked away.</p>

      <p>“It will be better next time,” she mumbled after a moment.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Okay.”</p>

      <p>This was really weird.</p>

      <p>Lucy arrived after a while, still sleepy, and we all ate breakfast together.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>I pulled my arms through my jacket’s sleeves, fixed my dagger to my waist, and then shoved my money in my pocket. I was just deciding where I’d spend my day when Lucy called out and stopped me in my tracks.</p>

      <p>“Where do you think you’re going?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, I was just gonna wander around the town.”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki,” said Sasa. “Do you remember what day it is today?”</p>

      <p>“Do we...have something planned?”</p>

      <p><em>Huh. I don’t think I promised to do anything with Lucy or Sasa... Did I?</em></p>

      <p>“Haven’t you heard?” Furiae asked, petting Twi in her lap. “Today is the award ceremony for those who distinguished themselves in the fight against the demon lord.”</p>

      <p>“Oh!” Right. That was <em>today</em>?</p>

      <p>“That was close. You wouldn’t have come back until the evening,” Lucy remarked.</p>

      <p>Sasa shook her head. “Sophie even reminded you. Jeez, Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>Oh yeah, Princess Sophia had mentioned it when we got back yesterday. <em>Oh well. Guess I’ll just spend the day here.</em></p>

      <p>I killed some time training, and Princess Sophia arrived at around lunchtime.</p>

      <p>When she saw me, she sighed in relief. “Thank goodness you’re actually here.”</p>

      <p>“Of course I am.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t lie, Makoto,” Lucy scolded. “You were about to go off this morning.”</p>

      <p>“He didn’t remember at all,” Sasa added.</p>

      <p><em>Stop tattling on me, you two!</em> Well, that cat was out of the bag. Princess Sophia gave me a half glare before saying, “We should be leaving now.”</p>

      <p>And so, we all walked with her toward Highland Castle.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“There’re so many people...” I muttered, looking around.</p>

      <p>The crowd was even denser than when Sakurai had been appointed—probably because people from all six nations were present. Lucy, Sasa, Furiae, and I were representing Roses. Though so many had already assembled, we were apparently still waiting on the king and the sacred nobility. <em>How lucky. They get to turn up fashionably late.</em></p>

      <p>I started juggling some waterballs to kill time, and I caught Furiae up in it. She challenged me to do something else, so we played around with all sorts of magic before Princess Sophia got angry and told me to wait quietly.</p>

      <p>A group soon headed over to us, maybe having seen the disturbance. One of them seemed like a genial old man at a glance, but his eyes were sharp. He was wearing a priest’s garb, but his attire was clearly of higher quality than the people around him.</p>

      <p>This was the pope of Highland’s church...with Temple Knights behind him.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, guests from Roses,” he said.</p>

      <p>“Your Holiness, what do you need of us?” Princess Sophia asked hastily. “If you had sent a message, we would’ve—”</p>

      <p>The pope interrupted, waving her off. “I have business with the delegation from Roses, so it is only right that I come to you.” He then turned to me. “Hero of Roses. You have my deepest gratitude for your aid in defeating the demon lord.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...” I answered warily. <em>I thought he hated me for following a wicked deity...</em></p>

      <p>“I would like nothing more than to ask you to convert to Althena’s church, but Princess Sophia is unlikely to allow that. However, is there a reason you have not converted to Eir? You are a hero of her country, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Your Holiness... Eir herself has allowed him to keep his own faith,” Princess Sophia answered for me.</p>

      <p>“It is not a matter of it being allowed or not. Our daily life is only possible thanks to the goddesses’ blessings. We should repay them with our gratitude and devotion. Making a wicked deity’s believer into a hero is heretical.”</p>

      <p>“W-Well...” she stammered, faltering at his sharp tone.</p>

      <p><em>This again...</em> I complained mentally.</p>

      <p><em>Althena’s followers are all so hardheaded</em>, Noah added.</p>

      <p>“Still, let us speak no more of it for now,” said the pope. “After all, Sir Makoto Takatsuki is the second most decorated here today. There will be plenty of time to discuss such things in the future.”</p>

      <p>Huh. He’d let it go way easier than I thought he would. Princess Sophia’s expression looked relieved as well.</p>

      <p>But then he continued. “The real problem is the Priestess of the Moon.” The pope’s hostile gaze switched to Furiae.</p>

      <p>She remained silent.</p>

      <p>“Iblis will return in the coming days. And yet, the reincarnation of the Witch of Calamity, the very antithesis of loyalty, remains free. I swear it now! When Iblis returns, he will once again contact the moon priestess, and she will be a wolf among the sheep. She cannot be allowed to remain free.”</p>

      <p>“Lady Noelle has said we should cooper—”</p>

      <p>“Princess Noelle is another matter... Equal treatment of the beastmen and demihumans aside, lightening our stance on the filthy-blooded...”</p>

      <p>Furiae’s expression was getting harsher as he spoke. This was bad.</p>

      <p>“Princess helped with the rebellion here,” I interrupted before she could say anything. “She’s hardly going to defect <em>now</em>.”</p>

      <p>“<em>Princess</em>...? Ah, you are her guardian knight, yes. Foolishness. Following a wicked deity was bad enough, but...”</p>

      <p>This old-timer sure loved bad-mouthing my goddess...well, I suppose that, publicly, she <em>was</em> a wicked deity.</p>

      <p>“However, I will concede that the moon priestess <em>has</em> contributed,” he admitted. “She will be kept in a guest room rather than a dungeon this time. That should solve the issue. Now, come with us.”</p>

      <p>We all startled as the Temple Knights surrounded us. <em>Come the hell on! This is way too heavy-handed!</em> Lucy, Sasa, and I all stepped out to protect Furiae. The knights of Roses, despite their clear confusion, also moved to shield us. This had now turned into a confrontation between two countries’ knights. How was this going to go?</p>

      <p>“My, what a shame. I hadn’t wanted to resort to force...” the pope said with a troubled look—albeit probably a fake one—as he folded his arms.</p>

      <p><em>You’re already being plenty forceful...</em></p>

      <p>“Hey, Grandpa Pope, want me to get her?”</p>

      <p>Even as I wondered who had asked that flippant question, I saw that it was someone among the Temple Knights.</p>

      <p>“You should not act out, Hero of the Sun,” the pope replied.</p>

      <p>“This is all pointless. I could take ’em in a single hit.” Alec, the Hero of the Sun, was grinning as he spoke.</p>

      <p>Was he...always like this? That’s not what I remembered.</p>

      <p>“Stop this, Alec. Althena would not permit such barbarism. Well then, people of Roses, if you change your mind, then come to the cathedral. We will be glad to supervise the Priestess of the Moon there. Once Iblis is defeated, she will be released. Until then.” The pope turned on his heel and walked away.</p>

      <p>“You got off lucky,” Alec added before he and the other Temple Knights followed suit.</p>

      <p><em>What was that...?</em></p>

      <p>“Was he always so...?” asked Lucy.</p>

      <p>Sasa shook her head. “He didn’t say a word before, right?”</p>

      <p>They seemed to be thinking the same thing I was. He’d changed way too much.</p>

      <p>“Tch.” Furiae scowled.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be okay, Princess,” I assured her.</p>

      <p>“It will.” Princess Sophia nodded. “Roses is on your side.”</p>

      <p>Furiae paused for a moment, then replied, “Thank you.” Her expression had relaxed somewhat at our words, but she still looked uneasy.</p>

      <p><em>Maybe we shouldn’t stay in Highland any longer than we strictly need to...</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“First, introducing our prime minister...”</p>

      <p>Regardless of the momentary chaos with the pope, all the participants had arrived and the ceremony had begun. The first order of business was a greeting from the prime minister, then a bunch of the sacred nobles and royalty would speak. That was when I realized something... <em>This is going to take absolutely ages, isn’t it? Will it even end today?</em></p>

      <p>“Sophia, do you know the schedule for this event?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“For the ceremony? Here,” she said, handing over the program for the day.</p>

      <p>It...was a ridiculously long program list. And I was pretty much the last thing on it. Until then, all I’d be doing was waiting.</p>

      <p>I looked at the list.</p>

      <p>The Grandsage (Absent)</p>

      <p>Rosalie, the Crimson Witch (Absent)</p>

      <p><em>Lucky them!</em> I thought in jealousy. Man...I was bored. Could I maybe slip away?</p>

      <p>“Sophia,” I whispered. “I’m going to get a drink.”</p>

      <p>There was a long pause. She looked at me intently.</p>

      <p>“Make sure you are back for when you’re called,” she reminded me. Busted—she’d seen through my excuse and knew I wanted to slack off. Still, with her permission (or not), I could kill some time somewhere.</p>

      <p><em>Stealth</em>. I was only using the skill to make sure I didn’t disturb anyone, but just as I tried to leave, I was interrupted.</p>

      <p>“Where are you going, Makoto?” Lucy asked quietly.</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki, it’s right in the middle of the ceremony,” Sasa scolded me.</p>

      <p>Furiae stared at me pointedly. “Just sit still, my knight.”</p>

      <p><em>Seriously, how did they have such sharp powers of perception?</em></p>

      <p>“I’m just going for a walk...” I mumbled.</p>

      <p>“Wait up, I’ll come with you.”</p>

      <p>“No fair, Lu! Me too!”</p>

      <p>“What?! If you’re going, my knight, then so am I!”</p>

      <p>Ack, this was turning into a full-on outing.</p>

      <p>“So, where are we going?” Sasa asked.</p>

      <p>I hadn’t made any real plans. There were a few hours before it would be my turn, but going too far probably wasn’t the best idea. Eventually, I came up with something.</p>

      <p>“Well, if I want advice, who better to ask than the Grandsage?”</p>

      <p>“Uh...won’t she be in a bad mood at this time of day?” Sasa asked.</p>

      <p>Lucy nodded. “Her place is all gloomy and kinda unnerving.”</p>

      <p>Neither seemed entirely on board—both decided to pass.</p>

      <p>“What about you?” I asked Furiae.</p>

      <p>“The White Grandsage’s estate... I’ve got some words to say to her about taking you.”</p>

      <p>Well, Furiae felt like joining in, so the two of us used <em>Stealth</em> to sneak out. Because of the ceremony, there weren’t many knights stationed around the castle as a whole. The ones on watch didn’t notice us, and we soon made our way to the Grandsage’s estate.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Hi!” I called as we entered. Furiae trailed cautiously behind.</p>

      <p>The combination of the candles and my <em>Night Vision</em> skill revealed the familiar building as we moved through it. As we entered a large room, I saw the Grandsage positioned on a large sofa. She was breathing softly. <em>She looks just like a kid when she’s asleep.</em></p>

      <p>“She’s resting, my knight. Perhaps we shouldn’t have just wandered in...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it. I’m her guardian knight.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t think that means what you think it does.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s just hang around until she wakes up.”</p>

      <p>“Wha...?”</p>

      <p>She looked exasperated, but I didn’t pay it any mind.</p>

      <p>Instead, I started poking around the place for anything interesting. I wasn’t <em>stealing </em>stuff...just looking. The Grandsage had all sorts of books and magic tools. I’d wanted to have a proper look around for ages.</p>

      <p>Furiae selected a rare-looking book from the shelves and started flipping through it. I headed farther into the room, wondering if there was anything unusual. <em>I might even borrow something if it looks interesting.</em></p>

      <p>Suddenly, I did come across something.</p>

      <p>“What the...?”</p>

      <p>Hidden behind a bunch of bookshelves was a weirdly empty space. In the middle of it was a huge, rectangular box that looked big enough to fit a person.</p>

      <p><em>Is this...a coffin?</em></p>

      <p>It was. A pitch-black coffin. What was this doing here? Well, the Grandsage was a vampire, so was this her bed? Although...she was currently sleeping on the sofa.</p>

      <p><em>Hmmm, then what’s this for? </em>I crept closer out of curiosity...even though I obviously couldn’t open it.</p>

      <p>“What’re you doing?”</p>

      <p>“Whoa?!” I leaped back in shock. The Grandsage had appeared right behind me.</p>

      <p>“You’re a bad person—sneaking into a home while the owner is asleep. What’s this supposed to be, some <em>nighttime</em> visit?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that’s what it is,” I replied.</p>

      <p>“Moron. Who brings a woman with them for that kind of thing? Come back here.”</p>

      <p>“Sure,” I replied, moving toward her. I hadn’t really been able to mess with that coffin.</p>

      <p>“So, what are you here for?” she asked. “The ceremony is underway, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Well, you are here, so as your guardian knight, it is only right that I spend my time with you, no?” I grinned.</p>

      <p>She smirked back. “Well said.”</p>

      <p>Then, she brewed some tea for Furiae and me.</p>

      <p><em>That’s nice of her.</em> I sipped at the tea. I thought Furiae might speak up, but she stayed quiet. Instead, the Grandsage carried the conversation.</p>

      <p>“That reminds me—after today, I will be away for a while.”</p>

      <p>“You will?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, Forneus has been sighted off Caol Ilan.”</p>

      <p>“What? That’s a big deal!” Was this really the time for ceremonies?!</p>

      <p>“It is likely just a threat. Iblis will be back soon, so there is unlikely to be an actual attack until then.”</p>

      <p>Forneus was the demon lord that ruled the sea monsters. I was sorta interested—I figured I might be able to help a bit if we were fighting on or in the ocean.</p>

      <p>“On another note... Both of you, be careful of the pope. He has been decidedly upset since I took you as my guardian knight. He probably has some sort of plan.”</p>

      <p>That was perfect timing.</p>

      <p>“Speaking of, we had the displeasure of meeting him just earlier.” Furiae scowled.</p>

      <p>“The current pope is a real hater of other religions. He has his reasons...but we need to avoid internal conflict until after Iblis is defeated.”</p>

      <p>“You can say that again,” I replied. I was in <em>full</em> agreement on that front. But it seemed sidestepping trouble with him wouldn’t be easy, considering how he’d been acting. <em>That reminds me...</em> “Oh yeah, the Hero of the Sun, Alexander, was with him.”</p>

      <p>“Him... I do not know the details myself, but he turned up out of nowhere about half a year ago. His strength is not in question, though. I had no idea there was someone with such mana and aura who was unaffiliated with a deity. I’d thought we had found all we could on the continent... But perhaps he hails from another. I considered that he might be an otherworlder...but that seems to not be the case.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...”</p>

      <p>What a weirdo. He’d changed completely in personality as well.</p>

      <p>“I-Incidentally!” Furiae said, breaking her silence.</p>

      <p>“Hm?” the Grandsage replied.</p>

      <p>“I-I would appreciate you not taking my guardian knight as your own without permission!”</p>

      <p>“Oh?” The Grandsage grinned, baring her fangs. “Jealous?”</p>

      <p>“I-I am not! What are you even implying?!”</p>

      <p>“Serving multiple people as a guardian knight is hardly rare. There is no real inconvenience to it.”</p>

      <p><em>That’s right! You gotta use what you have!</em></p>

      <p>“Still, he <em>is </em>using four of the five contracts... I may have recommended it, but four is a lot. Perhaps the<em> Blood Contract</em> was excessive.”</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>Four? I had one with Noah—<em>Soul</em>—one with Furiae—<em>Spoken</em>—and one with the Grandsage—<em>Blood</em>.</p>

      <p>“But I only have three?”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?” she replied. “I may not have noticed before, but you have a contract of the body as well. With that redhead. Well, a temporary contract like that won’t show up in your Soul Book...but I can still see it.”</p>

      <p>What? “That redhead” would mean Lucy. There was a <em>Body Contract</em> between us?</p>

      <p>“M-My knight...when did you?” Furiae, at my side, was looking betrayed. She was shaking slightly.</p>

      <p>Hold on! This was a misunderstanding! Right?</p>

      <p>“So, my knight! When did the two of you make a contract with your bodies?!” she demanded.</p>

      <p><em>Seriously...I don’t remember doing anything like that.</em> I’d researched them a bit after Princess Sophia had read me the riot act about not knowing what contracts I had.</p>

      <p>A <em>Body Contract</em> was exactly what the name implied—a physical relationship bound the contract. Incidentally, it had nothing to do with gender, so it’d be fine to have one with Prince Leonardo as well— <em>What am I even thinking?!</em></p>

      <p>“Waitwaitwait! Lucy and I haven’t done anyth— Actually, there was that time we went drinking... I don’t remember what happened. Or maybe when she and Sasa came onto me. Actually, that day... What?! Wait, what about the day before yesterday?!”</p>

      <p>“How many possibilities can you think of...?” Furiae asked with a glare.</p>

      <p>Well, I couldn’t help it! Lucy was always so assertive.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto, she’s talking about the </em>Love Contract<em>,</em> Noah said. <em>Love Contract</em>...? The thing that happens when we kiss?</p>

      <p><em>Ah, okay. Maybe people started calling it a </em>Body Contract<em> recently? </em>Right, just a difference in terminology.</p>

      <p>“Grandsage, apparently the contract we have is a <em>Love Contract</em>,” I relayed.</p>

      <p>She looked up at me questioningly. “A <em>Love</em>—? Elementalist, that’s a nickname. Some romanticist started calling it that. You don’t actually need romantic feelings to create that contract.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...”</p>

      <p><em>Oh...really? </em>Noah murmured.</p>

      <p>She and I both sounded surprised. Hang on, Noah didn’t know either...?</p>

      <p>“Only virgins call it that,” said the Grandsage, silencing both of us. “Well, I suppose that’s why you’d use that name.”</p>

      <p>There you go, Noah.</p>

      <p><em>S-So what?! A “</em>Body Contract<em>” sounds obscene!</em> she growled.</p>

      <p>“So, my knight, what’s the conclusion?”</p>

      <p>“My innocence is proven!” I proclaimed.</p>

      <p>“Is it now...?” she asked with a doubtful look.</p>

      <p>“Well, a <em>Body Contract</em> is usually a marriage. But a temporary contract implies that you won’t be tied down to a single woman and are still going to play the field. Our elementalist is quite the player for a virgin.”</p>

      <p>I had no words. It hadn’t proven my innocence at all! Furiae was once again looking at me like I was trash.</p>

      <p>“Well, I would prefer he stays chaste, so I don’t mind,” said the Grandsage. “Come on, Elementalist, hand over my usual.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, sure,” I replied. After all, you had to pay the entrance fee when you visited a venue.</p>

      <p>I sat down on the sofa she’d been sleeping on. She put her teeth to my throat and latched on...or, that’s what I expected to happen. Instead, her small tongue traced its way along my neck, sending a chill down my spine.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>