<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Lucy...”</p>

      <p>I wanted nothing more than to return...but Ira had just explained that I wouldn’t be able to.</p>

      <p>“Lucy J. Walker... I have said already, but there is no way for Makoto Taka—”</p>

      <p>Lucy didn’t even let Ira finish her sentence.</p>

      <p>“Shut it! You shitty goddess!”</p>

      <p>Ira gaped at her. “Wha?!”</p>

      <p>“Makoto!” she shouted, turning to me. “You’re coming back! Promise me!”</p>

      <p>As if in response to her words, letters on a selection screen floated up in front of me.</p>

      <p><em>Oh?</em><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Will you make a promise to Lucy?</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Yes</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>No</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>An option </em>now<em>? </em>Althena and Noah’s requests hadn’t prompted <em>RPG Player</em> at all...</p>

      <p><em>Going a thousand years into the past... Coming back...</em></p>

      <p>“M-My knight...” Timidly, Furiae took a step back.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki?!” cried Ira. “Y-You cannot— Mph!”</p>

      <p>“That’s enough.” Noah said, covering Ira’s mouth. “No getting in the way of tearful farewells, okay?”</p>

      <p>Huh. So Furiae and the goddesses could see the <em>RPG Player</em> choice screen... Regardless, I had to answer the question before doing anything else.</p>

      <p>“Lucy,” I said, meeting her burning red eyes for a moment before glancing at the selection screen in front of me. <em>Now that I think about it, didn’t a choice like this come up over and over again when Lucy and I first teamed up?</em> Back then, I hadn’t been able to say no to Lucy (or <em>choose</em> “No”), so she and I had ended up in the same party. The memory made me smile slightly, and I knew—I wouldn’t be able to turn her down this time either.</p>

      <p>“What?” Lucy demanded, her eyes hooded as she glared at my smile.</p>

      <p>I took a step closer to her. “I promise. I’ll come back to you.”</p>

      <p>And with that vow, “Yes” was chosen.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. It’s a promise then. Don’t even try going back on your word—I won’t let you get away with it!”</p>

      <p>She turned pointedly away, her arms folded. Well, I <em>had</em> promised...so I’d just have to keep it.</p>

      <p>Now that I’d offered farewells to my party, the only people left were...</p>

      <p>“Sir Makoto...”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki...”</p>

      <p>Princess Noelle looked conflicted—Sakurai was on the verge of tears. He was now solely responsible for defeating Iblis, wasn’t he? <em>I’ll do my best in the past, so the present’s up to you, Sakurai.</em></p>

      <p>“See you both,” I said with a clumsy smile. “Princess Noelle, look after Sakurai, will you?”</p>

      <p>I then glanced down at a small figure next to Sakurai, who was looking fixedly at me. The Grandsage. I needed to say goodbye to her as well.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Grandsage. I know I only just became your guardian knight.”</p>

      <p>“It matters not,” she said, her voice sounding almost completely apathetic. The tone made me feel kind of sad. “Look after Abel.”</p>

      <p>“I will.”</p>

      <p>Her words—the words of a hero who’d once saved the world—were brief. Despite that, they were heavy. The Grandsage wasn’t smirking like she usually was—she just stared at me with a blank expression.</p>

      <p>“By the way...did we meet back in the past?” I asked. This was something I’d really wondered about. After all, she was the only person here who’d actually been around a thousand years ago.</p>

      <p>She didn’t reply.</p>

      <p>“Grandsage?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t meet you, no, Elementalist.”</p>

      <p>“I...see.” That was a shame. It would be a relief knowing that I’d get to work with her. Apparently not, though.</p>

      <p>I turned around, looking out over everyone gathered in the cathedral. All eyes were focused on me. <em>I’d like to go around and actually say bye to everyone, but we don’t have the time. </em>And so, I got back onto the platform and knelt in front of Noah.</p>

      <p>“I will be on my way then, Goddess.”</p>

      <p>“Right. If you’re sure...then fine.”</p>

      <p>She put a hand on my head. <em>Maybe she’s about to say farewell or something.</em></p>

      <p>“In the name of Noah, I remove you from my faith.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?” That was <em>definitely</em> not what I’d expected. “Wh-What are you doing?!”</p>

      <p>Despite my yelling, her face remained calm. Frantically, I pulled out my Soul Book... It was already gone?! What was she thinking?!</p>

      <p>“I had another disciple back then. A thousand years ago, you could not have been my believer. After all, I was restricted to having only one.”</p>

      <p>I let out a breath. It made sense, but still... I wish she’d explained first.</p>

      <p>“Althena, Makoto’s heading back on his own, so give him some kind of blessing.”</p>

      <p>“Hm... His low stats mean I can’t give him a strong skill...”</p>

      <p>“Anything’s better than nothing.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose so.” Althena held out a hand toward me. “In the name of Althena, I bless you.” A soft light coated me, and Althena explained that she’d given me <em>Sun Magic (Low Rank)</em>.</p>

      <p><em>Oooh, a new skill?</em></p>

      <p>“M-Me too!” Ira wrapped her arms around me in a hug. <em>Hey?!</em> Estelle’s small frame squeezed me tightly. “Makoto Takatsuki... I am sorry. I’ve caused so much trouble for you. I give you Ira’s blessings, and I pray for your safety during your journey. Here’s <em>Fate Magic (Low Rank)</em>.”</p>

      <p>The gentle light glowed around us—she kept her hold on me for a while longer.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, Ira.”</p>

      <p>“When you arrive...come and see me. I can share my memories between the present and past, so I can give you advice... That’s <em>all</em> I can give you, but still.”</p>

      <p>“Got it—I’ll look for you. I just need to find your priestess from back then, right?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right,” Ira whispered, still hugging me. “If she hasn’t been killed yet.”</p>

      <p><em>Uh, can you let go already? I feel some pretty cold gazes coming from behind me.</em></p>

      <p>“That’s enough, Ira. Off you get,” Noah said, tugging her away. “Start the spell already.”</p>

      <p>“I-I know!” Ira protested. She straightened, then began to chant.</p>

      <p>So...this spell was vast enough that even a goddess had to chant? <em>I suppose that makes sense for such a leap into the past. It must be damn impressive.</em></p>

      <p>“Makoto, there are several things I need to tell you,” Noah said, launching into an explanation of what the world was like a millennium ago.</p>

      <p>She told me about Iblis, the nine demon lords, and especially about her previous believer. Then, she started talking again about how I wouldn’t be <em>hers</em>. That last part...was pretty tough to hear.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki, I have one more thing to tell you,” Althena said, interrupting Noah’s speech. “Your duty is to go to the past and save Hero Abel’s life. You need not concern yourself with anything else.”</p>

      <p>“Anything else...?” That was a weird thing to say.</p>

      <p>“You’re too indirect, Althena. Are you listening, Makoto? Essentially, she’s saying that if you save Abel, it doesn’t matter what else you do. Even if it majorly changes the past.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t say that!” Althena protested.</p>

      <p>So...I could change the past, even though I was going to the past to stop it from being changed? Actually, wasn’t keeping the past consistent like rule number one of time travel?</p>

      <p>“Makoto, thinking like that won’t give you the edge you’ll need,” Noah told me. “If you’re careless, you won’t survive. Ira will be working like hell to keep history on track, so you just need to focus on saving Abel, okay?”</p>

      <p>“While that phrasing leaves much to be desired...she is correct,” Althena said to me. “Do not worry about history—just focus on Hero Abel. Even if your actions do alter history, it will be Ira’s role to fix that.”</p>

      <p>“Ugh...” Ira said, tearing up. “I’ll do my best.”</p>

      <p>Was... Was she going to be all right?</p>

      <p>Regardless, I understood now. Ira would manage with some minor changes to history. All I had to do was stop what she couldn’t—Hero Abel’s death. Essentially, I was being given a blank check to do whatever I needed in order to achieve that end.</p>

      <p>Still...what on earth had happened back then...?</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto!” Princess Sophia called, running up. “Take this with you.”</p>

      <p>“What’s—”</p>

      <p>She thrust a small picture book into my hands. The cover read “The Legend of Hero Abel.”</p>

      <p>“If you read that, you should be able to find out where he is,” Eir explained.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I get it. Thanks, Sophia, Eir,” I said with a nod. Knowing what history was supposed to look like would be a big help.</p>

      <p>As for anything else I needed... Well, there were lots of things I wanted to bring along, but it didn’t look like we had the time.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki, I am ready,” announced Ira.</p>

      <p>A huge gate of rainbow light opened up on the platform.</p>

      <p>“If you pass through this Spacetime Gate, you will arrive at a point a thousand years ago. I cannot say exactly <em>where</em> you will land, but usually, it is somewhere of great significance to you. Thus, I believe you will be sent to Roses.”</p>

      <p>“Got it,” I replied.</p>

      <p>Before I stepped into the gate, I looked over at my friends one last time.</p>

      <p>Lucy was staring at me firmly. Sasa had tears streaming down her face. Princess Sophia was forcing a smile. Furiae seemed like she was about to cry.</p>

      <p>And...</p>

      <p>Noah looked the same as ever.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be off, then.”</p>

      <p>I took a deep breath, then stepped through the Spacetime Gate.</p>

      <p>And that was how I set out on a journey a thousand years into the past.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>