<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <div class="main">
    <section epub:type="copyright-page" id="Copyright01">
      <h1 class="copyright-title"><a href="../Text/toc.xhtml#toc-copyright">Copyright</a></h1>

      <p>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</p>

      <p>by Isle Osaki</p>

      <p class="section-break">Translated by MPT</p>

      <p>Edited by C.D. Leeson</p>

      <p class="section-break">This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.</p>

      <p class="section-break">Copyright © 2022 Isle Osaki</p>

      <p>Illustrations by Tam-U</p>

      <p>Cover illustration by Tam-U</p>

      <p class="section-break">All rights reserved.</p>

      <p class="section-break">Original Japanese edition published in 2022 by OVERLAP, Inc.</p>

      <p>This English edition is published by arrangement with OVERLAP, Inc., Tokyo</p>

      <p>English translation © 2023 J-Novel Club LLC</p>

      <p class="section-break">All rights reserved. In accordance with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, the scanning, uploading, and electronic sharing of any part of this book without the permission of the publisher is unlawful piracy and theft of the author’s intellectual property.</p>

      <p class="section-break">J-Novel Club LLC</p>

      <p><a href="https://j-novel.club">j-novel.club</a></p>

      <p>The publisher is not responsible for websites (or their content) that are not owned by the publisher.</p>

      <p>Ebook edition 1.0: September 2023</p>
    </section>
  </div>
</body>
</html>