<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>Honestly...this is a dragon’s territory! What are we playing at?</em></p>

      <p>By the time we tapped out, we were both breathing heavily.</p>

      <p>“Let’s head back to the tent,” I suggested.</p>

      <p>“Sure.”</p>

      <p>When we got inside, we rehydrated with some water and cooled down.</p>

      <p>“Are you tired, Lu? Why not get some rest?”</p>

      <p>“I’m fine. But why don’t <em>you</em> rest?”</p>

      <p>“I guess so. I’ll just have a nap.” Aya flopped down, and eventually, she started to breathe slowly in sleep.</p>

      <p>Quietly, so she wouldn’t wake up, I began performing maintenance on my staff. <em>Listen</em> was active the whole time, so I was sure not to miss anything.</p>

      <p>Time passed quietly in the tent, and soon enough, it was evening.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Say, Lu...” Aya mumbled absently. <em>Oh, so she’s awake again.</em></p>

      <p>I turned to face her. “What is it?”</p>

      <p>For a while, there was no answer.</p>

      <p>“Aya?”</p>

      <p>“When... When do you think Takatsuki will be back?”</p>

      <p>“I dunno...”</p>

      <p>This was the same topic as always. Every time we played around and tired ourselves out, the conversation would turn to this.</p>

      <p>“I miss him...”</p>

      <p>“Me too,” I said, collapsing by her side. Her face was right next to mine, and I saw faint tear tracks running down her cheeks. I said nothing and wrapped her in my arms.</p>

      <p>“Lu, I can’t breathe.”</p>

      <p>“Just bear with it,” I answered.</p>

      <p>I heard her giggle quietly. Still, it wasn’t long before she spoke up seriously.</p>

      <p>“Lately, I’ve been having nightmares about everyone dying in Labyrinthos again. It happened again when I was sleeping just now... I’ve been dreaming about being alone.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry. You’re like family to me. I’m with you.”</p>

      <p>“You won’t go away somewhere?”</p>

      <p>“I won’t. I’ll be with you my whole life.”</p>

      <p>She giggled. “That sounds kinda like a proposal.”</p>

      <p>Well, now that she mentioned it, it kinda did. <em>Oh well.</em> Since I’d already said it, I wasn’t going to take it back.</p>

      <p>“I’m not going anywhere, so you don’t need to feel lonely!” I said, trying to play it cool.</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Lu,” she replied after a pause, smiling and hugging me back. “But also... You need to let me know if you want to cry too.”</p>

      <p>“I won’t cry—I’m fine.”</p>

      <p>“And yet you were crying out for Takatsuki while you were training last night.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?!” <em>How did she know?</em></p>

      <p>“I was awake. You’re not allowed to force yourself to be strong.”</p>

      <p>She started stroking my head, and our normal comfort positions were suddenly reversed.</p>

      <p>“I know.” I nodded quietly. When she and I got too lonely, we’d cheer each other up. Neither of us would manage alone.</p>

      <p>“I’ll take the next watch,” Aya said. “You get some rest.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Aya. G’night.”</p>

      <p>And that was how our day ended.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Several days had passed since then.</p>

      <p>“In the end, the Hell Drake never showed up,” I lamented.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. The hot springs were fun, though.”</p>

      <p>“We weren’t supposed to be there to play.”</p>

      <p>The two of us had returned to the capital. We’d been gone for seven days in total, but we’d only seen that one dragon on the first day.</p>

      <p>“Hero Aya! Lady Lucy! You’re safe!”</p>

      <p>At the castle, the messenger from the other day was there to greet us.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, we didn’t see the Hell Drake,” Aya said.</p>

      <p>“Sorry,” I added.</p>

      <p>“Not at all! We were worried when you didn’t return. We are just glad you’re both safe.”</p>

      <p>It sounded like the messenger really had been worried about us. Soon, we were shown to General Talisker and the guild leader. We told them that a dragon had shown up on the first day but that the rest of our time had been peaceful.</p>

      <p>“Hm... So the Hell Drake didn’t appear?” Talisker asked.</p>

      <p>The guild leader sighed. “A shame. We will need to think of another method.” No one looked happy with the outcome. “Incidentally, what did the defeated dragon look like?” Apparently, the guild leader was interested in the materials the dragon could provide—scales, teeth, and so forth.</p>

      <p>“We used the magic box to store it. I’ll get it out for you.”</p>

      <p>I pushed some mana into the box. The huge corpse suddenly appeared in the area behind the guild that was designed for assessing monsters. A fair number of guild workers had crowded around to watch.</p>

      <p>“Here it is.”</p>

      <p>“It’s pretty big,” Aya said casually, even though she was the one that’d taken it down.</p>

      <p>The general and the guild leader stared at the dragon carcass, acting somewhat dumbstruck. Then, everyone around us began to yell. Aya and I just looked on, puzzled by their reactions.</p>

      <p><em>What’s wrong?</em></p>

      <p>“Why are you all surprised?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“It’s just a peeping dragon.”</p>

      <p>“I guess dragons that can use magic are rare.”</p>

      <p>“L-Lady Aya... Lady Lucy...”</p>

      <p>“What?” we asked in unison.</p>

      <p>“This <em>is</em> the Hell Drake! The dragon you defeated on your first day was the ancient dragon that had been terrorizing the whole country!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>It was our turn to look shocked.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>Well, the Hell Drake was defeated.</p>

      <p>Though that statement sounded like it had nothing to do with us, we <em>had</em> been the party to kill it. For the next three days and three nights, the capital was awash with festivities.</p>

      <p>Aya and I were at the center of it all. We got a commendation from the king—the Hero of Incandescence didn’t look happy at all. Still, when we were deep into the celebration, she threw her arm around Aya and said, “That’s why we’re rivals!” She even mentioned partying up with us at some point, so it looked like she wanted to make friends with Aya.</p>

      <p>We kept on adventuring after that. Though we struggled a lot, the two of us overcame it all. Working together, we gradually gained more and more notoriety, and eventually, we even earned a weird nickname: “the Crimson Fangs.”</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>