<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue — Lucy’s Musings</h1>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Lucy’s Perspective ◇</p>

      <p>“Look, Takatsuki! I peeled an apple ♡ Open wiiide!”</p>

      <p>“Mmmm.”</p>

      <p>“Good?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah.”</p>

      <p>“Eh heh heh! Eat up!”</p>

      <p>Aya was feeding fruit to Makoto, who was currently lying in the infirmary bed. <em>No fair.</em></p>

      <p>“Say, mage,” Furiae interjected. She was relaxing on the nearby sofa with Twi in her lap. “How long do we have to stay here?”</p>

      <p>“Nrow, nrow.”</p>

      <p>“I suppose...until the ceremony?” My response came out somewhat questioning, and because I didn’t really know the answer, I decided to keep it vague. “I think that’s about a week from now.”</p>

      <p>At the moment, we were all shut away in the royal infirmary in Highland’s capital. Our party leader, Makoto, was hospitalized... Or, that was the official reason for him being here. In reality, he hadn’t wanted to attend the award ceremony that would commemorate Zagan’s defeat. He’d tried to depart for Roses, but Princess Noelle and Princess Sophia had caught him trying to flee.</p>

      <p>And so, Makoto had been admitted to the infirmary suffering from “magic fatigue.” Technically, he <em>had</em> strained himself by using too much magic, so he was on bed rest. But...</p>

      <p>“I’m bored. Gonna go solo some goblins,” he announced before trying to slink out. By now, Aya had already caught and stopped him more than a dozen times. Even the doctors had told him to rest. He really needed to listen. Aya and I were so worried about him!</p>

      <p>“No running, Takatsuki,” Aya said firmly. “I’ll chase you down wherever you go.”</p>

      <p>I nodded. “You won’t get away from my good hearing, even with <em>Stealth</em>.”</p>

      <p>“You cheaters,” he said, slumping.</p>

      <p>No matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t run away from this.</p>

      <p>The entire continent was abuzz with news of the Hero of Light’s triumph over demon lord Zagan. Highland’s position as the leading force in the alliance had been further solidified. But that’s where the problems started—the Hero of Light had said that he was able to defeat Zagan because the Hero of Roses had come to his aid. The Grandsage had backed up this telling of events, making Makoto’s participation seem even more vital.</p>

      <p>It was different from the attention he’d gotten after the last battle—Makoto had indeed already made a name for himself in Springrogue by defeating demon lord Bifrons. However, no one had personally witnessed that, so the notoriety he’d gained had been relatively mild. In the end, the victory had been credited to a joint effort between Mama and Springrogue’s hero, Maximilian. Particularly harsh people had said that Bifrons’s death was only a matter of time—Makoto had just gotten lucky enough to be there.</p>

      <p>This time, no one doubted his contributions. The otherworlder hero Makoto Takatsuki had been instrumental to the Hero of Light’s triumph over Zagan, and even the Grandsage had acknowledged it.</p>

      <p>The Hero of Light was already going to be marrying into the Highland royal family. And now, people wanted the second hero, the Hero of Roses, to be just as successful. In other words, some aristocrats wanted Makoto to marry into their houses, thus gaining their family names a ton of prestige.</p>

      <p>The nobles of Highland—no, of the entire <em>continent</em>—wanted Makoto.</p>

      <p>It’d been decided that he would remain a patient in the infirmary until the awards ceremony was over. At least the nobility wouldn’t be able to proposition him while he was here...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ The Next Day ◇</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia! You should announce your engagement at the award ceremony!” Chris exclaimed.</p>

      <p>She had come to visit us all in the infirmary, along with Princess Sophia and Fujiyan.</p>

      <p>“Erm...” Princess Sophia looked uncomfortable. “Are you sure about that?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed! You most certainly should!” Fujiyan exclaimed. “Already, there are over a dozen noble families surreptitiously attempting to contact him.”</p>

      <p>“Well...” Princess Sophia turned, offering Aya and me a considerate look. “I cannot make such a decision solely by myself.”</p>

      <p>It was true—Aya and I <em>were</em> technically engaged to him as well... I guess. Not that he acted like it.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind,” Aya chirped. “As long as I can be with Takatsuki.”</p>

      <p>Despite her light tone, I knew how few connections she had in this world. That’s why “being with Takatsuki” was an absolute requirement for her. Sometimes, she scared me—she would wear this grim expression when she talked about what she would’ve done if she hadn’t met Makoto again.</p>

      <p>“And you, Lucy?” the princess asked after a pause.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind.” Having him tied to Roses was way better than Highland taking him—Roses didn’t discriminate against elves. It was closer to home as well.</p>

      <p><em>Although, I have to admit... I really want him for myself. He’s too damn popular now. Pisses me off.</em></p>

      <p>“It does not bother me,” Fuuri remarked, though no one had asked her. “It has nothing to do with me.”</p>

      <p><em>Reeeeeally? </em>I wasn’t entirely sure about the truth of her comment, but I also didn’t feel like kicking that particular beehive.</p>

      <p>Finally, everyone’s gazes went to Makoto. He stared back at us oddly, halting his water magic practice.</p>

      <p>Did he...even realize what we’d been talking about?</p>

      <p>“Makoto, were you listening?” I asked, obviously exasperated by how little he seemed to care about any of this. After all, it deeply concerned his future.</p>

      <p>“O-Of course I was!”</p>

      <p>He’d definitely been tuning us out. Princess Sophia walked over and took his hands, pulling him in close.</p>

      <p>“Hero Makoto...would you be my husband?” She was adorable with her red-tinted cheeks and shimmering eyes.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>