<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Wait right there!” I yelled. This was a hospital room!</p>

      <p>I grabbed hold of her head.</p>

      <p>“Hm?” I heard her swallow the juice, and then she started pouting. “Aw, you made me stop.”</p>

      <p>I folded my arms and looked down at her. “Hey! What were you playing at?!”</p>

      <p>She didn’t flinch at my tone and sent me a glare in return. “I wonder who snuck into the room last night for ‘training.’ Trying to get some ‘Synchro’ in with Takatsuki, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Urk.”</p>

      <p>How did she know?! I pivoted to look at Fuuri, who was playing with Twi.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I told her.”</p>

      <p>“Guh... I said it was a secret.”</p>

      <p>“That wouldn’t be fair,” she retorted. Fuuri had used her <em>Future Sight</em> to see me trying to sneak into Makoto’s bed, and she’d stopped me. <em>I thought she couldn’t see the specifics well!</em></p>

      <p>“Luuuuu?”</p>

      <p>“Urk.” The shoe really was on the other foot now... “It was just training! Makoto didn’t mind!”</p>

      <p>Makoto shrugged. “I was half asleep.”</p>

      <p>“Well, <em>this</em> is just nursing!” Sasa protested.</p>

      <p>“Maybe you have been nursing him...” I conceded. “But you’re all over him all the time! It’s not fair!”</p>

      <p>“It’s just mouth-to-mouth!”</p>

      <p>“That’s <em>not</em> nursing!”</p>

      <p>At that point, Fuuri cut off our squabbling. “Both of you, quiet down.”</p>

      <p>Then, suddenly...</p>

      <p>“I see things are noisy today as well.” We all turned to see that Princess Sophia had just walked in—without knocking. She’d really made herself at home.</p>

      <p>“Princess Sophia!” Makoto exclaimed. He rolled out of bed and strode over to her, grabbing her hand.</p>

      <p>“Wha?! Y-Yes? What is it?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve got a request for you.”</p>

      <p>It looked like the stress of the hospital stay had gotten to him again.</p>

      <p><em>Not </em>another <em>weird idea...</em></p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>