<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Full Clearing Another World under a Goddess with Zero Believers: Volume 9</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p><em>Wait, she’s proposing?! In front of everyone?! Why now?</em> I was in shock—Aya’s mouth had dropped open as well.</p>

      <p>“G-Gladly...” Makoto answered.</p>

      <p>Ah, damn him. He just got swept along by the moment. <em>Y’know, he’s really weak to pressure like that!</em> If anyone pressed him for an answer, he’d just give them an okay right away! He hadn’t even said it unambiguously!</p>

      <p>It got me thinking though... When could<em> I</em> ask him?</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ The Next, Next Day ◇</p>

      <p>“Okay, Takatsuki!” Aya exclaimed. “Pull up your shirt and I’ll wipe you down.”</p>

      <p>“Mhmm.”</p>

      <p>With his skin exposed, I could tell that he’d put on some muscle lately. When we’d first met, he’d been even spindlier than me.</p>

      <p>“Wow, you’ve gotten way more buff since junior high,” Aya gushed. “Like...around here.” She ran a finger along his skin.</p>

      <p>“That tickles, Sasa.”</p>

      <p>She was all over him. <em>No fair... I want to join in too.</em></p>

      <p>To distract myself, I turned to Fuuri. “Want to go out somewhere?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t have any acquaintances in Highland. Everyone I know is in this room.”</p>

      <p>“What about the Hero of Light?” I knew she was on good terms with him—he’d supported her while she’d been imprisoned by Highland.</p>

      <p>“I won’t be able to see him,” she retorted. “Besides, <em>she’ll</em> be with him.”</p>

      <p>“Princess Noelle?”</p>

      <p>“Right. The princess who detained me.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, her affinity for the Hero of Light was matched in equal and opposite intensity by her loathing of Princess Noelle. I couldn’t think of anyone I disliked that much.</p>

      <p>Suddenly, in a moment with “speak of the devil” timing, someone else strode into the room. He’d been present at Zagan’s defeat; he had come from the same world as Makoto, and they’d been friends as kids. This was the Hero of Light, Ryousuke Sakurai.</p>

      <p>“Hi, Takatsuki. I came to see you. Looks like it’s my turn.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, Sakurai,” Makoto answered.</p>

      <p>Two women followed the Hero of Light into the room.</p>

      <p>“Heya, Takatsuki!” The knight called Saki Yokoyama gave a wave. “Things going well with Aya?”</p>

      <p>“Good day, Sir Makoto,” said Princess Noelle.</p>

      <p>“Hi, Yokoyama, Princess Noelle.” After offering his greetings, Makoto fixed his eyes on the Hero of Light. In a casual tone, he asked, “Hey, Sakurai—wanna go somewhere?”</p>

      <p>“Somewhere? Uh, sure. With you, I’ll go anywhere.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, <em>anywhere</em>?” Makoto grinned. Yeah, that was the face he always wore when he was about to say something stupid. “Then how’s about we tackle the last dungeon, the Seafloor Temple?”</p>

      <p>Almost everyone uttered noises of shock as they turned to Makoto. However, the Hero of Light just looked thoughtful.</p>

      <p>“I only really know about Labyrinthos. Is the Seafloor Temple somewhere we can just go to on a whim?”</p>

      <p>“It’ll be fiiine,” Makoto answered easily. “I’m not planning on clearing it yet... I just wanna scout things out. You defeated the demon lord, so this should be a piece of cake.”</p>

      <p>The Hero of Light nodded. “Okay, then.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You can’t, Ryousuke!” Princess Noelle panicked, hurriedly stopping them in their tracks before they rushed off into peril.</p>

      <p>I sighed. “Makoto...you can’t take the Hero of Light somewhere so dangerous...”</p>

      <p>“Takatsuki,” Aya added sternly, “stop being silly and rest.”</p>

      <p>“Awww...” Makoto pouted and flopped back down onto the bed. “But Sakurai said it’s fine.”</p>

      <p>“My knight...” Fuuri leveled him with a look of disbelief. “Did you really intend to delve into one of the last dungeons?”</p>

      <p><em>Oh, he definitely did—there’s no doubt in my mind that he wanted to go.</em></p>

      <p>Word of his invitation had apparently reached Princess Sophia—she came rushing back to the room.</p>

      <p>“Makoto Takatsuki!” she yelled. “What are you thinking?!” After that, she launched into a lecture. Her being angry pretty much went without saying. After all...</p>

      <p>The survival rate for those dungeons was pitiful.</p>

      <p>By order of his superior, Princess Sophia, he was forbidden from challenging the Seafloor Temple.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ Even More Days in the Future ◇</p>

      <p>Princess Sophia had come every day to see Makoto. She really loved him, huh? Though, I had a feeling that she might’ve just been keeping an eye on him—she had to make sure he didn’t slip away.</p>

      <p>General Talisker from Great Keith had shown up to visit, along with Maximilian. The Hero of Lightning had stopped by as well—Gerald Ballantine.</p>

      <p><em>Makoto is incredible.</em></p>

      <p>These were important figures wielding huge amounts of influence who were all famous across the continent. But...Makoto just complained to everyone, saying that he wanted to get out of the infirmary. He received some really worried looks in response.</p>

      <p>Luckily, after that initial burst, the number of visitors calmed down. However, with less to distract him, Makoto was getting more and more restless. At least Aya was still forcing him to let her play nurse.</p>

      <p>“Are you thirsty?” she asked.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, kinda.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll get you some juice.”</p>

      <p>She trotted over to the fridge. Yes, the fridge—it was something Makoto had made with elemental magic, and it was super convenient. <em>Maybe I should learn the spell for it.</em></p>

      <p>Soon, Aya walked back over to him. “Open wide.”</p>

      <p>“Mm, later.” He was lounging on the bed practicing his magic—probably focusing on the spell.</p>

      <p>“Jeez, you’re so lazy! Guess I’ll give it to you mouth-to-mouth.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, sure.”</p>

      <p><em>Uh? </em>That...sounded like a weird answer. Mouth-to-mouth? Nah, I must have misheard.</p>

      <p>“Okay! Here I go!”</p>

      <p>I heard a single gulp. Makoto let out a noise of pure shock, and my own voice sounded much the same. Makoto—who hadn’t been listening to Aya’s words—was about to get his juice. She’d put some into her mouth and was closing in on him.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>