<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword"><div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Good day, or maybe good evening. Tarisa Warinai here. I’d have liked to discuss the inside story at my pace again, but since I don’t have many pages to work with this time around, it seems I’m unable to go into too much detail.</p>

      <p>The heroines of this volume are Lastiara and Maria, yet the cover shows only Lastiara. I didn’t leave her out to spite her, but rather because I thought Maria should be the focus of the cover of volume 3, so I’m having her wait for her time to shine.</p>

      <p>Story-wise, our roster of characters has increased a great deal. The focus was on Lastiara and Maria, but I’m keen to properly present the backgrounds of the other characters as well. That’s because I received their character designs from the illustrator, Ukai-san. I don’t want any of them to go to waste. My favorite out of all of them is Ragne. The kid’s a force to be reckoned with. First, she’s given “provisional first place” in the character popularity poll by force of the author’s say-so, and then she gets an insert illustration all to herself, also by force of the author. But of course, my personal fondness for her doesn’t affect the course of the story. Not consciously, at least. Probably.</p>

      <p>Having learned nothing, I think I’ll be committing the same blunder in the third volume as well. Please forgive me. Volume 3 contains an illustration of that one cool scene, so I think it’s inevitable that my self-indulgence levels will only increase. <em>That scene in volume 3... All I ask is to see </em>that<em> scene illustrated...</em> (Reflect on my actions? No thanks.)</p>

      <p>It’s thanks to you readers who so graciously picked up these books that even the likes of me was able to get my second volume published. Of course, I have the advice of the readers of the web version, as well as Ukai-san for realizing my wild scribblings in illustration form, to thank too. Now then, let’s see each other again in volume 3.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>