<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
	<h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>
      <h2>Ragne of the Seven Celestial Knights</h2>

      <p>Sigh. Another dawn, another day of patrolling the Cathedral.</p>

      <p>It was my job and my daily routine. Walking around the place, being on the lookout for enemies I knew would never come. Until recently, I’d been swamped with things to do in my role as a knight, but ever since I was assigned to the Cathedral of Whoseyards, I had nothing but time on my hands.</p>

      <p>It was surprising that this was the actual state of affairs for the Seven Celestial Knights, who were such universal objects of envy. Actually, to be precise, I guess it was the state of affairs for the Celestial Knights during this time.</p>

      <p>It seemed that in the past, the job of the Knights was to tirelessly visit a bunch of different places and in so doing make their authority and prestige known. But starting with my generation, that aspect had ceased to be. And the reason for it was simple: the previous iteration of the Knights had no master to protect, but the current iteration did. That was all there was to it.</p>

      <p>I was nearly finished making my rounds, so I did my final check—a knight’s final check: confirming the safety of the master they were sworn to defend.</p>

      <p>This Cathedral was branded as “special” in the nation of Whoseyards, and this room within it was considered even more special. I stepped into the splendorous corner where only the highest-ranking were allowed entry, where I was met by a girl and a boy.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Raggie, it’s you! Palinchron, does this signal the end for today?”</p>

      <p>“I’m afraid that’s out of the question, my master. Ragne’s simply come to inform us that the slated time has come, and you weren’t able to finish your assignment by that time. As such, you can’t expect to have your play time or any such convenient fluff. Did you not know that that right is given to you only when you do what you’re supposed to?”</p>

      <p>That girl was none other than the master of the Seven Celestial Knights, Lastiara Whoseyards. And the guy with the foul smile on his face was my colleague and superior, Palinchron Regacy.</p>

      <p>“Looks like it’s another day of detention for you, milady.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, mine friend Ragne,” said Lastiara. “Wouldn’t you like to hang out with me? So much so that you would ever so kindly tie up this incorrigible sadist for me?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I dunno how feasible that is. The first obstacle is, I dunno if I can actually beat Sir Palinchron. The second obstacle is, I don’t particularly care to hang out with you. Then there’s the clincher. If I don’t leave well enough alone, they’re gonna dock my pay.”</p>

      <p>“Then there’s no problem at all. I believe my friend will win, I believe in my friend’s affection and goodwill for me, and I believe in my friend’s willingness to make that sacrifice.”</p>

      <p>“Well, that marks the end of my shift, so I’ll be heading out now. See you guys later, milady, Sir Palinchron.”</p>

      <p>“Agh! Raggie!” she said, reaching out to me with theatrical levels of drama. “You can’t! You mustn’t! That’s so cold!”</p>

      <p>I gave Palinchron a little bow and left the room. If I took her bait, I could have nine lives and they’d never be enough.</p>

      <p>The moment I exited Lastiara’s chamber, someone called out to me. Not many here ever did, so I naturally drew a conclusion about who it was.</p>

      <p>“Ragne! She... She’s asking for you to save her so earnestly! Why do you rebuff her so?!”</p>

      <p>I knew it. It was my colleague and superior, Lady Sera, a fellow Celestial Knight. Apparently, she’d been watching the little lady from outside the room the whole time. The job description of the Seven Celestial Knights was now little more than guarding her and honing our skills in the meantime, but Lady Sera was the only one I could say used her time <em>that</em> way.</p>

      <p>“Well, I mean, my ranking is on the high side, but I’m still the freshest rookie on the block. I can’t get in Sir Palinchron’s way.”</p>

      <p>“That matters not! You’re above him in rank, so do it boldly and unashamedly! Now go, Ragne!”</p>

      <p>She was truly straight as an arrow, not to mention pretty. She wasn’t one to give thought to the nuances of the position of a knight who’d just risen up from the boonies. But that was exactly what saved my bacon.</p>

      <p>“Hrm. In that case, shouldn’t you be going instead, seeing as you’re higher-ranked than I am?”</p>

      <p>“If I could, then obviously I wouldn’t be in this bind! For some reason, I’ve been forbidden from approaching our lady during study time!”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha, gotcha. So, you can’t do anything about it, huh? Then there’s nothing to be done, is there? Right, well, on that note, see ya later.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, hold your horses, Ragne!”</p>

      <p>So ended that day’s rounds. As I was wondering what to do with my time, I bumped into yet more colleague-cum-superiors.</p>

      <p>“I was watching, Ragne. Sorry for the trouble.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Sir Hine. And hello, Director, Deputy Director.”</p>

      <p>It was them. The Top Three. I wondered what this was all about, the answer to which the Director supplied me with right away.</p>

      <p>“No prob. You’re always so good at jockeying around. Now that we’ve run across each other, what say you train with us?”</p>

      <p>Apparently, they were going to partake in some intensive training in the Cathedral’s gardens. Our Director and Deputy Director were now spending every day drilling Sir Hine, who was the rising star of the next generation of knights. That being said, the prospect of intensive training surrounded by three prodigies who were knights among knights was vaguely frightening, so I politely declined.</p>

      <p>“Thank you, but I’ll abstain. I’d just get in the way, but even more importantly, my fighting style is too unique. I’ll hone my technique on my own power.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so? I suppose it’s true that, as you said, only you can understand your moves.”</p>

      <p>“Please do invite me some other time.”</p>

      <p>And so I parted with the Top Three knights. I imagine the throaty scream echoing from the gardens afterwards was old man Hopes getting dragged into their training after the three found him taking a nap there. Since he didn’t have an excuse like I did, once they spotted him, it was game over for him. Poor guy. I ignored his hoarse yelping and headed towards my quarters.</p>

      <p>Another peaceful day. Same as every other day.</p>

      <p>The master we were to defend was in her cage. Now and then, Sir Palinchron gave her lessons with a fishy smile on his face. Other times, Lady Sera chased her around. Sir Hine was, as always, a shining exemplar. The Director was, as always, strict and severe, and as always, the Deputy Director didn’t stand out too much. Then there was old man Hopes, who was as pitiable as ever. The Seven Celestial Knights were the same as usual.</p>

      <p>But we all knew this wouldn’t last for long. We all knew this was just an extended leave with a set cutoff date. In about six months’ time, the Festival of the Blessed Birth would begin, and the ritual to open the cage would be conducted. I knew that my actual job would begin starting on that day. But I couldn’t help but think what I ought never to think—how great it would be if things <em>stayed</em> like this. Forever.</p>

      <p>If only things could stay this way...then I... I...</p>

      <p>I couldn’t help but think that way.</p>

      <p>Sigh.</p>

      <h2>How Dia and Alty Met</h2>

      <p>“I... I’m so sorry. Honest. I thought you were an enemy trying to finish me off, so I...”</p>

      <p>“That’s okay, Dia. In fact, you reacted correctly. It’s Sieg who’s too soft and easygoing for being receptive enough to talk to me from the jump.”</p>

      <p>That being said, when we had crossed paths and the battle had begun, she’d gotten quite the fright. But by never counterattacking and continuing to tell her I came in peace, I’d managed to get her to talk to me. And by teaching her how to handle fire magic as my gift to her, she come to trust in me lickety-split. She was tamed so quickly, I had to worry for her future.</p>

      <p>“Man, you’re such a good person, Alty. For me to have fired my magic at you in earnest... Urgh...”</p>

      <p>She cringed apologetically after seeing how tattered she’d made my clothes. But the hospital room was more worthy of her concern than I was. Her magic had riddled the room with holes. If I hadn’t been so well-known in Vart, she would have gotten kicked out of the hospital without a doubt.</p>

      <p>“You don’t gotta apologize so much. Seeing as I’m a Dungeon boss monster, that scuffle was inevitable. You did nothing wrong,” I said, consoling her as I taught her how to cast spells.</p>

      <p>After I’d repeated that sentiment more than once, her face, her expression gradually grew cheerier. And just as I’d planned, we grew closer and closer. By the time she mastered adjusting the firepower of <em>Flame Arrow</em>, she’d started calling me “Teach.”</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Arrow</em>!”</p>

      <p>A minimum-power fire arrow flew across the ward. It hit the wall but disappeared without leaving any burn mark to speak of.</p>

      <p>“Aww yeah! Thanks to you, I can control <em>Flame Arrow</em> better! You’re such a huge help! ’Cause apart from holy magic, I taught myself everything I knew! Ha ha!”</p>

      <p>“You were able to fire spells with that much kick without formal instruction? Heh heh, you’re making me lose my self-confidence as a fire magic specialist.”</p>

      <p>“That’s... I don’t think you’ve gotta worry about that. I mean, you shrugged off my full-power <em>Flame Arrow</em>s, didn’t ya?”</p>

      <p>I was a monster who could manipulate fire. Erasing a fire spell was easy as pie for me. “As you might expect, I’m not the kind who can be done in through fire magic. But if you’d poured your all into firing holy-magic spells at me... Just thinking about it gives me chills.”</p>

      <p>If I’d slipped up, I might have been killed fairly easily, my lingering attachment to this world notwithstanding. If you ask me, it wasn’t Sieg who had taken down Tida, it was Dia’s holy magic. That was just how outside the bounds of normal this Dia girl was.</p>

      <p>“If we were to exchange blows head on, I’d probably lose. It’s safe to say you’re my natural biggest threat.”</p>

      <p>“Really? I don’t get that sense, speaking for myself...”</p>

      <p>That was the reason I’d come here—to have a look at her.</p>

      <p>“You have the sheer talent to surpass me, so you could stand to be more confident. I’m sure you can be of more use to Sieg than anybody else.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really? I can help him more than anybody, huh? Heh heh.”</p>

      <p>She scratched her head bashfully. I was showering her with praise, but she seemed to be happier about being helpful to Sieg. What a purehearted girl. I felt as though long-forgotten memories from the past would spring back to mind if I kept watching her.</p>

      <p><em>The past</em>...</p>

      <p>That being the case, I had to ask: “You really like Sieg, don’t ya, Dia?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah!” she said, nodding without hesitation.</p>

      <p>But it all depended on what she meant by “like.”</p>

      <p>“Tell me, Dia. What is Sieg to you, in point of fact?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Whaddya mean? He’s my Dungeon diving comrade.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, and is he anything else to you?”</p>

      <p>“Well, my <em>friend</em>, I guess? Actually, yeah, he’s my friend. Wouldn’t trade him for the world,” she concluded decisively.</p>

      <p>That wasn’t the messy kind of “like” I wanted. But those feelings would probably turn into full-fledged infatuation in time. Her current single-mindedness was warped enough for me to like it, but it was a little removed from what I was angling for.</p>

      <p>“Is that right?” I said, after a brief pause.</p>

      <p>“Did I say something off?”</p>

      <p>“Nope, you’re in the clear. I’m just a little angry with Sieg is all.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? But... But...huh? Why with Sieg?”</p>

      <p>“I’m a bit jealous of him for being so cherished by a kid like you.”</p>

      <p>“Cherished? Ha ha. You may be right, honestly. I super respect the guy!”</p>

      <p>In the face of Dia’s adorable smile, I vacillated a bit. But I snapped out of my hesitation. I couldn’t afford to dither, not anymore. I knew that if I didn’t make up my mind, I’d be too slow. If nothing else, I refused to repeat the mistake I had made a thousand years ago. So I stayed the course.</p>

      <p>“I’m heading back soon, Dia. Oh, I know. Let’s meet again around the Blessed Birth, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, ’cause I think that’s when they let me get out of here. See ya then, Teach!”</p>

      <p>With that, I exited the hospital room and walked through the corridor.</p>

      <p>I tried to reassure myself of everything, and to locate my own emotions. Vowing to put an end to my long, long, long existence by the Day of the Blessed Birth, I kept on walking ever forward down that dark hallway...</p>

      <h2>The Hellvilleshine Siblings</h2>

      <p>Thanks to the cooperation of Mr. Sieg, a Dungeon diver I had encountered by chance, we had successfully cleared the tasks set before us by the academy.</p>

      <p>The party disbanded and I parted ways with Ms. Elna and Ms. Snow. And just like that, my sister and I headed to the Hellvilleshine Family villa.</p>

      <p>“Of course, I have to follow my sister’s story along the way."</p>

      <p>Needless to say, I had to humor my honorable older sister as she chattered endlessly on the way there.</p>

      <p>“I do declare, he’s truly superb, that Sir Sieg! He’s the same age as I am and yet he’s so strong! Did you see him tackle the Dungeon all by his lonesome? What a proudly independent knight errant! He’s like the protagonist in a hero tale! You think so too, don’t you, Liner?!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I think so too, uh-huh. It’s totally and one hundred percent as you say. Couldn’t agree more.”</p>

      <p>“It <em>is</em> totally as I said, isn’t it?! He’s completely different from the boys at the academy! He gallantly swooped in to save me when I was in a pinch without asking for anything in return! Ahh, just thinking about it is getting me all red in the face!”</p>

      <p>No matter how half-heartedly I replied, she just kept waxing on and on about Mr. Sieg. I interjected with the usual periodic “uh-huhs” and “you’re rights”, but inwardly I was astounded by her single-mindedness and purity.</p>

      <p>In time, we reached the gates leading into the villa. At long last, I could take a breather. I’d been able to bring my sister back home in one piece, and that alone wrapped me in a sense of satisfaction. But I couldn’t let my guard down just yet. There were sure to be more of my brothers and sisters here at the villa, and I had to go greet them at once. I tried to enter our overly extravagant villa, but just then, someone came out from inside. At the sight of him, I broke into a smile.</p>

      <p>“S-Sir Hine? What brings you here?”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, if it isn’t Sir Hine.”</p>

      <p>I’d heard some of my other older brothers were here, but no one had told me that he was here too. We must have looked puzzled.</p>

      <p>“Fran and Liner? Ah, come to think of it, it is that time of the year, isn’t it? I’m here on an emergency errand. I’m currently scrambling all over the place trying to get things done.” He smiled faintly. He looked as handsome as ever.</p>

      <p><em>You don’t see that every day</em>, I thought. Sir Hine was supposed to be the picture of perfection as a knight, yet here he was, opening up to us that he was flustered.</p>

      <p>“Sir Hine, might you be, by any chance, exhausted? Shall we give you a shoulder massage or the like?”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s all right. Although...let me ask you, do I look tired to you, Liner?”</p>

      <p>“You do...”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. I’m glad I look tired. Means I’m running myself sufficiently ragged,” he replied, smiling like I had nothing to worry about.</p>

      <p>I got the feeling that the big brother I knew was back in his usual stride. He was the ideal of the Whoseyards knight—someone with composure in spades but bereft of anything disagreeable, with a smile that gave succor to the people around him.</p>

      <p>“Now then,” he said, “allow me to take my leave. I’m actually in the biggest hurry I’ve ever been in.”</p>

      <p>“The biggest hurry you’ve ever been in? Sir Hine, if you’d like, I could come help—”</p>

      <p>“That won’t be necessary. I’ll be fine on my own. In fact, I <em>want</em> to do this alone.”</p>

      <p>The way he didn’t think twice before replying put me at ease. I’d expected it, of course. There was no way he’d ever need the help of a garbage knight like me. He wasn’t an adoptee like me. He was a <em>real</em> noble, and a real knight. This was the brother I knew and looked up to. And it was because I believed he could solve everything on his own power that I was able to reply back without any hesitation:</p>

      <p>“Understood, sir.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, one more thing. Is your school life at the academy going smoothly, Liner?” he said.</p>

      <p>A man this perfect was worrying about a sub-maggot like me.</p>

      <p>“I’m doing well, sir. Just today, we finished an academy assignment without incident.”</p>

      <p>The only one in this family who showed me kindness was Sir Hine. He was different on a fundamental level from the other Hellvilleshines. He was a knight among knights.</p>

      <p>“I expected no less,” he replied. “You’re strong, unlike me. You’re a little brother to be proud of.”</p>

      <p>No, no, it was him one could take pride in. Despite being stronger than anyone, he was also more humble than anyone. He didn’t even come up short against Mr. Sieg. There could be no doubt—Sir Hine was the one who was more suited to being in a hero tale. But I couldn’t say that aloud on account of the overly pure sister right by us.</p>

      <p>“All right, fare thee well, Liner, Fran.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, we’ll be seeing you, sir.”</p>

      <p>“Adieu, brother!” said Fran.</p>

      <p>And so we parted with our flawless knight of a brother, and we watched as he left with respect in our eyes, the same as always. So why the chill down my back? Why was I getting a bad case of the shakes all of a sudden? His parting words had left me with an unpleasant sensation. I got the sense a line was being crossed...</p>

      <p>“Now then, Liner! You’ll rub my shoulders, if you please!” said my sister merrily, snapping me out of my reverie.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Why?”</p>

      <p>“Weren’t you the one who brought that up?”</p>

      <p>“I offered to rub <em>Sir Hine</em>’s shoulders. I didn’t offer that to you.”</p>

      <p>“That won’t do. I’m ordering you as your older sister. Rub them this instant!”</p>

      <p>“Fine, I will.”</p>

      <p>With that, we went inside the villa, leaving Sir Hine behind...</p>

      <p>Looking back, that was my fork in the road. And it all came to a head on the Day of the Blessed Birth. So began the redemption of everything on my tab up to that day. It was the start of the <em>true</em> story of Liner Hellvilleshine...</p>

      <h2>Lastiara’s Wish?</h2>

      <p>“Ahem. Testing.” She coughed. “Ahhh. Ahhhh.”</p>

      <p>In the city, where the flow of people was unceasing, I checked my throat out by the side of the road.</p>

      <p>I needed to flex my acting chops for the first time in a while. What was it my dear teacher Sir Hine had told me? And what was it that that other, wilier knight had told me?</p>

      <p>A woman who was clad in a tattered mantle but was in truth a sheltered maiden—that was the part I was playing.</p>

      <p>And then I opened the door of the pub in Vart that wasn’t too far from the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>Although it was only just on the cusp of the peak hours of the pub, a motley group of divers was already inside to patronize it. Judging by the presence of people with scarred faces and large men who were basically half naked, I knew this wasn’t the type of place a sheltered maiden was supposed to visit, so to stay in character, I pretended to be as frightened as a child in a beast’s den as I looked furtively around.</p>

      <p>Naturally, the pub-goers’ curiosity led them to train their eyes on me. I spotted a pub employee among the crowd.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me...” I said, my voice feeble and thin. “Is the manager of this establishment here right now?”</p>

      <p>The girl, who I assumed was employed to bring folks in with her pretty looks, heard me and walked over.</p>

      <p>“Err, uhh, welcome! Do you have some kind of business with the manager?” She was polite with me, despite the fact my character clearly didn’t belong here. That made it easier for me.</p>

      <p>“It’s, well, I’d like to apologize for what happened the other day...”</p>

      <p>The girl tilted her head in puzzlement, and who could blame her, given how little I’d said? I bandied the name I’d lined up for this moment. “I’m speaking of the duel between Lady Sera and Mr. Siegfried.”</p>

      <p>I had no doubt she’d understand now. She should glean who I was as well.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that whole thing... So, I assume you’re that young lady?”</p>

      <p>“I believe I am the one to whom you’re referring, yes.”</p>

      <p>The girl looked me in the eyes. “I...see. So you’re Sieg’s...”</p>

      <p>“Err, is there some kind of problem?”</p>

      <p>Upon inspecting my surroundings, I found the majority of the customers were looking at me in surprise. They were whispering:</p>

      <p>“Hey, look over there.”</p>

      <p>“That’s Sieg’s squeeze.”</p>

      <p>“For real? She’s way too pretty.”</p>

      <p>“Anybody who makes a move on <em>her</em> is a braver guy than me.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t want anyone getting a good look at my face in case someone here knew me, so I lowered my head a little. The waitress must have gotten the wrong impression from that, because she hurriedly glared at everyone around us before answering my question in an even softer voice.</p>

      <p>“No, no, no, you’re totally good! You just caught me a little off guard, that’s all. I’ll go get him right now. I’ll be back in a jiffy, so just wait here for me a sec!”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, ma’am.”</p>

      <p>She scurried off to the kitchen in the back. Just as she’d promised, a stern and rough-looking old man who could only be the manager came out in no time.</p>

      <p>“Hey, boss. Amazing, ain’t it?”</p>

      <p>“You won’t hear me say no.”</p>

      <p>He was taken aback by me, but he nevertheless bowed slightly. I bowed deeply and proffered what I held in my hand: a goody basket of Whoseyards sweets and confections.</p>

      <p>“I apologize for causing such a disturbance the other day. Please accept this small token...”</p>

      <p>“Uh, sure...” He accepted the gift with a quizzical look on his face.</p>

      <p>Wait, did I miss a step or what? I remembered the apology scene in one of the hero tales I’d read...</p>

      <p>“Err, thank you for the Whoseyards courteousness, good miss. So, where’s that rascally Sieg, anyway?”</p>

      <p>Maybe he found it easier to talk to someone he was familiar with, like Sieg, over me. The manager was looking all around, but I couldn’t afford to bring Sieg here now.</p>

      <p>“It’s my mistake,” I said. “Because of me, he’s still tangled up in a dispute with the knights of Whoseyards. He’s not here right now.”</p>

      <p>“So he’s getting hassled by folks like that semifer knight lady.”</p>

      <p>“Actually, none of the others are as extreme as her. Mr. Siegfried won’t be in danger of getting hurt again, so please be at ease.”</p>

      <p>“Well, as long as he’s safe.”</p>

      <p>The manager seemed pretty worried about his employee, which belied his gruff look. To ease his worries, I told him in no uncertain terms that Sieg would be okay. Knowing Sieg, he’d never get a scratch on him even if he got wrapped up in more duels, so it wasn’t like I was lying.</p>

      <p>“The thing is,” I said, “it looks like it’s going to take some time for this quarrel to be settled. Since Mr. Siegfried likely won’t have the time to come to work during that time, I have come here in his stead.”</p>

      <p>“You yourself?”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes, that’s right. I thought that it’s incumbent upon the person who’s the cause of all this trouble to come and apologize. I’m truly, truly sorry for the mess I’ve made!” Since they seemed to think this interaction was stranger than not, I decided to be pushy about it.</p>

      <p>“Th-That’s okay, there’s no need to apologize so profusely. Raise your head, little lady.”</p>

      <p>That was it; he’d given me an opening and now was the time to lay my number one request on him.</p>

      <p>“As such, may I ask you to please give Mr. Sieg the break he needs until such time that things simmer down? I’m afraid Mr. Sieg’s clocking in may bring yet more trouble this establishment’s way.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind, but...is he all right?”</p>

      <p>“He is, sir. It’s only a matter of time. He’ll be fine.”</p>

      <p>The manager was of two minds. Perhaps he was thinking of getting confirmation from the horse’s mouth, and I couldn’t let that happen, so I took him by the hand and pleaded with him—a surefire line of attack I’d learned from Palinchron.</p>

      <p>“I know I’m asking you for a huge favor. But please... Please, if you could do me this kindness!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, okay, sure, I don’t mind. Please, just don’t tear up on me.”</p>

      <p>Victory. I had successfully stolen Sieg’s work hours back for him. All that was left was to have a bland, inoffensive little chat and exit the pub as organically I could.</p>

      <p>“Thank you so much for everything,” I said. “Now, if I may, I’ll be excusing myself.”</p>

      <p>“Yep. Take care of Sieg for me.”</p>

      <p>“Give him our regards!” said the waitress.</p>

      <p>With that, I stepped back into the Vart townscape. I chose a pocket hidden from view so my face wouldn’t be seen and wended my way back towards home, where Sieg was. In the safety of the back alleys where no one was there to see me, I laughed at myself.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. It really is just a matter of time in the end. And that’s why you need to make what you can of your remaining time... And that goes for him <em>and</em> me. Isn’t that right, Saint Tiara?”</p>

      <p>Man. I had no time left. I knew that. And that was why I needed to wring yet more enjoyment out of life. I smiled, curling my lips as I kept on walking along the dark, dark road.</p>

      <p>Just putting one foot in front of the other...</p>

      <h2>Aim for the Top of the Academy, Part 2</h2>

      <p>The central dining hall of Eltraliew Academy was humongous. Not only was it spacious enough to accommodate its more than ten thousand students, the ceiling was concert hall tall. It was lined with various round tables, large and small, but not just anyone could use them.</p>

      <p>This academy didn’t know the word “equality.” Which of the institute’s furnishings a student could use was based on their family’s social standing. The higher-class among the student body could use the large tables, while the minor nobles could only use the small tables in the corners. Imagine my surprise when I learned that even the hallways the students could use was determined by the size of the donations their parents made to the school.</p>

      <p>Evidently, bankrupt nobles couldn’t step on the lawn, let alone the paved paths. It was perhaps due to the thoroughness of the discrimination that the students were divided into cliques quite neatly. The kids of the grand seigneurs and the great houses sat in the center, surrounded by swarms of hangers-on. Farther out from the center sat the mid-ranking aristocrats, such as those hailing from viscount families. Between that mid-level ring and the space occupied by the poor nobles in the corners, there was no one at all.</p>

      <p>Naturally, I was sitting in the corner of the dining hall myself. Well, more the very tip than a corner. There I was, an island unto myself, munching on dirt-cheap bread. And it was all thanks to that damn fogy, the headmaster. He’d given me the status of “scholarship student” without giving me any actual financial support, which made me a social pariah. The nobles who were high in the pecking order glared at me, while the other students averted their eyes.</p>

      <p>I’d vowed to repay my debt by shooting up the Elt-Order, the academy’s battle rankings, but I was on the verge of losing heart. Yet I could hardly rest. Not when I had my little sister waiting for me back home. I continued to gather information as I ate my meal.</p>

      <p>I was eyeing Ms. Philtia, the comely daughter of one of the grandest of noble houses, the Walker Clan. Encircled by an entourage of mid-level nobles, the tender smile never left her face. Her soft chestnut hair swayed as she moved.</p>

      <p>At a glance, anyone would take her for sheltered and fragile, but in fact, she was the last boss of the Elt-Order. According to my menu-sight, she was <em>beyond</em> built different.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Philtia Walker</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 345/345</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 255/255</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 7.23</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 7.33</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 9.45</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 9.44</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 8.45</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 10.22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 2.02</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>She was not on the level of a student. The average level among the students was 5. More than ninety percent were in the single digits. Nor was she merely teacher-level. The instructors hovered around Level 10. In other words, she was higher-level than any of the teachers at this academy. On top of that, her APT was top-class. As such, she was given a special epithet that signaled she was neither student nor teacher. She was the Hero Princess.</p>

      <p>And since she was Number One in the Elt-Order, I had to defeat her in battle if I ever wanted to leave this academy. <em>Well, her and someone else too.</em> Ms. Snow, another of the Walker Clan girls, the one they called Azure Fury. But it wasn’t certain where in the academy she was, which removed her from the list of targets to eliminate forthwith.</p>

      <p>“The great Hero Empress is Level 22...and I’m Level 1.”</p>

      <p>In this world, it took people about a year to go up a level. The yawning chasm between us filled me with despair. Logically, it’d take me twenty years to stand a chance against her. And that wasn’t the only thing that seemed hopeless either. I used Analyze on those surrounding the Hero Princess, who was cheerfully gabbing away. There was the Number Two-ranked Elmirahd Siddark. He was Level 20, and people called him the Chairman Prince and the Overlord. There was also the Number Three-ranked Karamia Arrace, who was also Level 20, and who possessed the monikers Scion of the Swordmaster and Swordmaster Student Council President. Together, they were the Three Heroes of the academy, and the world was their oyster.</p>

      <p>They were all monsters. <em>If they call you heroes and not students, then fucking graduate already.</em></p>

      <p>“So, whaddya think?” came a girl’s voice. “Can you beat them? Well, headmaster’s pet?”</p>

      <p>Her name was Annius, and she was no ally. She just popped up to bother me because she loved gossip. She was a lively girl with dark blonde, shoulder-length hair. Though her family’s social standing wasn’t terribly high, relatively speaking, she too was another monster, as she’d clawed her way up to Number Seven through sheer merit.</p>

      <p>“Who’d seriously take them on? I have to think of more clever ways of going about it.”</p>

      <p>While she wasn’t on my side, she was one of the few who’d talk to me. She took a seat at my otherwise isolated table; clearly she was having fun pressing me to converse with her. She was basically the only person I could have a friendly chat with.</p>

      <p>“Heh, do you now? So? What are these clever ways of yours?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll befriend the Number One and have her lose our match for me.”</p>

      <p>After a fair bit of thought, I’d come to the realization that there was no real reason to actually fight.</p>

      <p>“Pfft! Ha ha ha! Now there’s a thought! It’s certainly true that that <em>would</em> realize your goal.”</p>

      <p>“The problem is, I can’t even talk to her, much less get buddy-buddy with her. Which is why I’m observing her, looking for an opening.”</p>

      <p>“I see. If you keep watching her, you may just come to understand Ms. Philtia in and out. Like, for example, troubles in her home life or something, I guess?” she said suggestively.</p>

      <p>Since she was decently well-informed, her words carried weight. I asked her what she meant with a look.</p>

      <p>“Keep watching and you’ll see. I’m thinking it won’t be long.”</p>

      <p>I looked at where Annius pointed. Having finished eating, the Hero Princess was hurrying to leave when one of her entourage asked:</p>

      <p>“Ms. Philtia, are you off to search for Ms. Snow today too?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, of course I am. How could I not make use of the Elt-Order system that came into being so recently? Today’s the day I’m going to find Snow and duel her.”</p>

      <p>“But, but Ms. Philtia...you’re at the very top of the rankings. Surely there’s no need to duel her.”</p>

      <p>“She’s listed as ‘beyond rank.’ <em>Beyond</em> rank. It’s like she’s been given a special bracket because they think no one can measure up to her. In order to become the true Number One, I am obligated to defeat her in combat! For if I beat Snow in this duel, I’m sure that Glenn will see me as—”</p>

      <p>Her meek and tender expression morphed, and she left the dining hall alongside her groupie with an air that was unusual.</p>

      <p>“And that’s what I meant. She has it in for Ms. Snow. If you can use that to your advantage, maybe you can get her to lose at least one match to you.”</p>

      <p>“That ‘Ms. Snow’ or whoever is the one they call ‘Azure Fury.’ It sounds totally impossible.”</p>

      <p>“Even just finding her will be tough. And if you do manage to find her, if she doesn’t like you, you might incur her fury and cause the Walker Clan to erase you, you know.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “All right, I’m putting off becoming Number One for now. I suppose I should set my sights on someone more trustworthy and reliable first.”</p>

      <p>“And who fits that bill?”</p>

      <p>“That Liner kid.”</p>

      <p>Liner Hellvilleshine, Number Twenty-One. Through my continual observation and intelligence gathering, I learned of a weak spot I could leverage to ingratiate myself with him. Despite hailing from the high-status Hellvilleshine Family, he was always subjected to the scornful gazes of those around him. If the backbiting I heard through my eavesdropping was to be trusted, Liner wasn’t born in a way they considered respectable. Truth be told, I felt a kinship with him. If we were in the same position, I reckoned we could even be friends.</p>

      <p>“Oh, him. You’re probably right; he won’t care about your position. But...”</p>

      <p>“Right? Honestly, I feel like destiny’s at work with him.”</p>

      <p>“If you ask me, I think his big sister is a juicier target.”</p>

      <p>She was recommending the girl who was making a fuss near Liner. Number Twenty.</p>

      <p>“Uhh, I dunno know about her. From what I can see, her personality’s...”</p>

      <p>That girl’s unwonted behavior was constantly putting her little brother out. In fact, the moments she wasn’t inconveniencing him in some way were few and far between.</p>

      <p>“Honestly, I think that with Fran, you can get her to take an interest in you, Kanami. She’s a trend chaser who only goes for lookers, just like me. You seem like you have baggage, so she might be just the ticket you need.”</p>

      <p>“I may have baggage, but...if she only cares about looks, I’d never be on the menu for her.”</p>

      <p>“Hrmm, I wouldn’t say that. I think that aiming to befriend a high-ranking girl would get things rolling for you faster than targeting Liner. You’ve kinda got that kinda face, you know?”</p>

      <p>“Umm, <em>what</em> kind of face?”</p>

      <p>“The face of a lady-killer, I guess? For whatever reason, I’m getting dyed-in-the-wool ditzy kept-man energy from you.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t go overboard with the mockery. Sorry, but I ain’t smooth enough to be seducing girls. In any case, I’m going after Liner, no matter what you say. Somehow, I can feel something akin to a nagging memory from a parallel timeline. It’s like a voice from above, telling me to befriend Liner and not her.”</p>

      <p>We had both contended our points, referring to “something” without a real reason to back us up, but strangely, I got the feeling neither of us was really wrong.</p>

      <p>Annius shrugged. “If you insist, then do as you please.”</p>

      <p>“Sweet. I’m gonna go talk to him a sec. Thanks for the advice you’re always giving me, Annius. If it doesn’t go well, I’ll get down on my hands and knees and beg you to lose a match against me, so wait here for me.”</p>

      <p>“No can do. The only person I’m willing to throw a duel for is a boy I’m head over heels for. Ah, by the way, my type is a tall hottie who’s super kind to girls, who <em>looks</em> a little timid but does what a hero does when the chips are down. If he’s famous enough to be a household name in the Dungeon Alliance, all the better! I can’t have some nobody for a boyfriend!”</p>

      <p>“Cool. I see you and I aren’t ever gonna be close!”</p>

      <p>“I don’t dislike you that much, Kanami. If I did, I wouldn’t come talk to you.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll tell you <em>my</em> type. I like a girl who would nod after a guy gets on his hands and knees begging her to lose a match for him.”</p>

      <p>“Ack, such a shame. So I’m not your type, then.”</p>

      <p>“At this point, Liner’s the only hope I’ve got left! I’ve got a hunch <em>he’d</em> throw the duel for me if I got on my hands and knees!”</p>

      <p>“That’s one trash evaluation criterion you’ve got there. But I don’t hate it! Break a leg!” replied the gossip-lover, less than responsibly.</p>

      <p>Having finished my meal, I got up out of my chair. In order to return to my sister, I was prepared to have no shame or regard for my reputation. So I crossed paths with Liner Hellvilleshine.</p>

      <p>Consequently, this aberrant path back to Earth diverted yet more. My strategy of brown-nosing the higher echelons of the Elt-Order continued right up until I realized that my 7.00 APT stat allowed me to level up with relative ease.</p>

      <p>When I realized that I didn’t really need anyone else, I didn’t know that it would be a point of no return...</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>