<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: Who Be the Slave?</h1>

      <p>“I’m patient, sure, but do be on the lookout, all right? I’ll reward you for your efforts. Right then, back in a bit.”</p>

      <p>After we made it back to the surface, Alty immediately told me she was off to Eltraliew Academy and went on her way. A school chock-full of adolescent boys and girls. Wouldn’t that in itself be enough to grant her wish? But Alty made sure to hold me to my promise before parting.</p>

      <p>I watched her go, then heaved a sigh. The air out here was so nice and fresh. The dangers of the Dungeon behind me, a sense of security wrapped me in its comfy blanket. But just as the sun in the sky was sinking, so too did my mood. “Ah...”</p>

      <p>The plan had initially been to go find out about Dia’s severed arm and test my ability to dive solo in the process, but I’d been pushed every which way by stuff I couldn’t have seen coming. I processed everything that had happened that day as I walked over to where my comrade in arms was hospitalized.</p>

      <p>From that point onward, I planned to visit him regularly. I wanted to report back to him the fruits of my dive.</p>

      <p>I soon arrived at the biggest hospital in Vart and walked right to the wards, entering Dia’s room. I’d figured he’d be sleeping, yet the room was filled to the brim with mystic light. The light-bubbles that I’d seen during the battle against Tida now crowded the space.</p>

      <p>“Dia...what’re you doing?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, Sieg! What do you mean, what am I doing? This is my physiotherapy.”</p>

      <p>Dia was sitting cross-legged atop his bed. Light kept emanating out of his arms.</p>

      <p>“Uh, Dia? Didn’t the doctor tell you to rest?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, but I wanna get right back to normal. This week is basically for me to get rehabilitation, so...”</p>

      <p>“Never mind that, just rest already.”</p>

      <p>I put a hand on his head. He looked at my arm for a moment, then nodded.</p>

      <p>“Okay, Sieg. If you say so, I’ll rest.”</p>

      <p>“Good. Rest. You don’t want to extend your stay here, I’m sure.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, yeah.” He smiled. “So tell me, Sieg, did you hit the Dungeon?”</p>

      <p>“Sure did. I went all the way to Floor 11. I think I can go farther too.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t want to tell him about any of the details, especially the whole deal with Alty. I intended to make that Guardian stop being a problem all on my own. Dia was still recuperating, and I didn’t want to give him any reason to worry.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>