<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_2"><div class="main">
      <p>She was casually wearing the same fancy silk clothing as when she broke into my room. Everything was the same, save for the silver sword she now wore at her waist.</p>

      <p>Our gazes met. Her eyes were just as boreal cold as ever—was she really even human?</p>

      <p>“I was fine without your company.” I glared straight into her deep eyes. I was different from the last time we had met. I was more used to this world and had gained the strength to fight back. I wasn’t feeling the same amount of pressure either. Still standing at the ready, I looked at her menu.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Lastiara Whoseyards</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 670/689</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 312/315</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Hero</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 15</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 11.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 10.56</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 6.78</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 7.89</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 12.38</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 8.78</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 4.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Weapon Combat 2.12, Swordplay 2.02, Pseudo-Divine Eyes 1.00, Magical Combat 2.27, Bloodknack 5.00, Holy Magic 1.03</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Book Reading 0.52, Doll Body 1.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【CELESTIAL BLADE NOAH】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Attack Power 7. Wearout Level 99%.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The information I’d failed to check once before now flowed into my head. Her level, her skills, her weapons, all of them were first-class. But they were all within acceptable limits. I’d be able to hold my own against her should we ever come to blows.</p>

      <p>“You’re so cold. <em>I’ve</em> been waiting for this day, I’ll have you know.”</p>

      <p>“I’m cold? Okay, sure...even though it’s your fault I had to go through that ordeal just now.”</p>

      <p>“But to you, a little hiccup like that is no big deal, surely?”</p>

      <p>“A... A <em>little hiccup</em>?” That was what Lastiara had just called a duel between two of humanity’s most skilled fighters.</p>

      <p>“Never mind that; we need to address your polite register. You always speak with such rote formality, it’s like you’re keeping me at a distance. Given that we are to be betrothed, I believe you ought to stop being so distant.” She smiled.</p>

      <p>We were to be betrothed? How brazen of her. I drew up my guard even more. I kept getting tossed every which way by her self-centered behavior.</p>

      <p>“All right, fine, I don’t mind. Casual register it is. After all, I don’t actually wanna show somebody like <em>you</em> any respect.”</p>

      <p>She chuckled. “You’re so cocksure now that you have leveled up—ahh, there <em>I</em> go again with the polite register. Such a stiff manner of speaking isn’t appropriate when chatting with you, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>“Let me start by assuring you that I’m not gonna bend to your will. You can attack me, but I don’t feel like I’d lose.”</p>

      <p>“Attack you? Perish the thought. I’m just connecting with you through my good offices and out of the kindness of my heart.”</p>

      <p>“And your good offices wound up siccing Ms. Radiant on me, is that it?”</p>

      <p>“Quite. You got a lot out of it, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>She said that as if it were completely normal. It appeared she truly believed the duel was no big deal. It never occurred to her that it might have affected my standing in the pub, or that it had colored the knights’ impression of me. And then there was the danger factor of a sword duel to consider. She hadn’t spared a thought for any of that.</p>

      <p>“On what planet would I get a lot out of this?”</p>

      <p>“If the accusations were false, you could have always kept patiently explaining the situation, right? But you accepted the duel. Tell me you didn’t think to yourself, <em>Oh, they’re just one of the Seven Celestial Knights, huh? They’re no match for me, but this is a good chance to flex my muscles.</em>”</p>

      <p>Lastiara had completely seen through my thought process leading up to the duel. Was this the power of her eyes—of that “Pseudo-Divine Eyes” skill? It felt like I was up to my own eyeballs in eye-skill users lately. There couldn’t have been anyone who was harder to talk to. I missed pure and innocent Dia. Against Lastiara’s astute remarks, I lost all words.</p>

      <p>“Hit the bull’s-eye, have I? Serry and you are made of different stuff. The density of the soul that resides in each of your bodies. Level gaps barely matter. That’s what I wanted to tell you, and that’s what I wanted to share alongside you. In truth, you’re not the only one who thought this was a great opportunity.”</p>

      <p>She blushed as she spoke; her nostrils flared. And at the same time, her eyes were shining radiantly with madness. Her tone grew more and more theatrical; I could tell she was high on her own supply.</p>

      <p>“The stage you and I live on is a high one, and the spotlight of the saga is near. We’re loved by the world, chosen by it. The world granted us gifts. You and I are chosen ones, Kanami. It didn’t take long for us to become lonely. We’re the only ones who can stand by each other’s side. That’s why I’m saying we should join hands.”</p>

      <p>In order to keep from getting sucked into her lunacy, I had to choose my words carefully.</p>

      <p>“There may be some truth to that. But it’s also narrow-minded. So what is it you want to do, exactly?”</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? Wasn’t expecting such a low-key response. I gave that pickup line a fair amount of thought.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara viewed my calm and composed reply as odd. I hadn’t gotten swept up in the heat of the moment.</p>

      <p>“See? In the end, you’re half-joking, which is why I’m half-listening to what you’re saying.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll admit half of the reason is because it amuses me. But I’d like you to trust that half of me <em>is</em> serious about this. I am honestly looking for a partner in life. Putting it simply, I want you to add me to your Dungeon dives. So, what do ya say? Wanna be comrades?”</p>

      <p>“Nope. I refuse.” I didn’t think about it. I just replied. It was a knee-jerk response.</p>

      <p>“Wow, that was fast! Huh? C’mon! Give it a little more thought!” she said, waving her hands disconcertedly.</p>

      <p>“Of course I’d refuse. You’re too much of an unknown quantity.”</p>

      <p>“If I had no air of mystery, where’s the fun in that? Wouldn’t it be more enjoyable if you learned more about me as we spent more time together?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not in this for fun.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Then what’re you diving for?”</p>

      <p>“Well...to go back home.”</p>

      <p>There was nobody around, but that didn’t necessarily mean that nobody would overhear, so I didn’t specify where home was. Lastiara knew there were two worlds, so she had to know what I meant.</p>

      <p>“Wait, you want to go back?” She seemed surprised.</p>

      <p>“Of course I do. I haven’t thought about anything else since day one.”</p>

      <p>“Well, huh. If that’s the case, then I should think you need me all the more.”</p>

      <p>It was true that with Lastiara’s support, Dungeon diving would be a cinch. She had Dia-level talent, and on top of that, she had abilities suited to being the advance guard. Truth be told, I wanted her in my party badly.</p>

      <p>“Having you around on dives would be great for my heart, but I just don’t know enough about you. It’s out of the question unless I know that, at the very least, our interests align.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, our interests, huh? I think they’re pretty aligned.”</p>

      <p>“Then tell me, what are you after?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara’s motives. Why had she healed me on my first day here? Why had she raided my room in the middle of the night and forcibly leveled me up? Why was she letting the Seven Celestial Knights go after me? Why had she let the knight named Radiant duel me, and why was she now trying to sell herself to me? Unless I knew her reasons, I’d probably keep her in the “enemy” box in my head for the rest of my days.</p>

      <p>She must have realized I wasn’t going to back down, because her expression shifted slightly. “I’m after one thing...” she muttered. “I wanna go on an adventure.”</p>

      <p>Her eyes were as unhinged as always. But unlike what I’d seen up to now, there was a very human longing in them as well.</p>

      <p>“An adventure?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. A thrilling adventure. And I wanna go on one with companions, if possible. I wanna enjoy the Dungeon to the fullest. Ah, and when I say ‘companions,’ I mean people who don’t treat me any differently from a normal person. Also, they’ve gotta be able to keep up with me. That bit’s important.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I guess I do meet those requirements...”</p>

      <p>“I was so bored for so long. Since the minute I was born, I was trapped in a cage. I had nothing to stimulate me. It was a prison where I had to be happy with whatever they gave me. I was so envious of the characters in my adventure tales. I was jealous of the lives they got to live—whether they won or lost, they did so as a result of their free will. I was so, so jealous.”</p>

      <p>Her heart was easy to understand now. There was no guile in her voice; she was legitimately spilling out all of her unadulterated, infantile envy. It was like a child throwing a hissy fit.</p>

      <p>“Okay, I get the gist.”</p>

      <p>“If you get it, then I’d like you to quit shrinking from your responsibility to me. Before I encountered your delightful company, I could contain myself. And then I found you. The boy with the skill called ‘Outworlder,’ who was at Level 1 with wounds all over, on death’s door after a solo dive—and I was so overtaken by jealousy that I couldn’t control myself anymore. What sort of adventure would you, the protagonist of some stirring saga, be going on? It was all I could think about. So I want in on your adventure. Please? Pretty please...”</p>

      <p>At first it was phrased as a demand, and then it became a plea. Her approach wasn’t consistent; her emotions were fluctuating by the second. The more we spoke, the more her instability came to light. She was frighteningly fickle, like a house of cards that could collapse at any moment. It was as though on an emotional level, she was younger than she looked. I inferred from what she’d said that she was your classic sheltered girl; maybe that was why. The impression she gave others was that of a child who had fun crushing ants underfoot.</p>

      <p>“I also got the full picture of how childish you can be...”</p>

      <p>“I’m serious here,” she said indignantly, though she continued to negotiate with an earnest look on her face. “I’ll lend you a hand in realizing your goal of going home, so lend me a hand for my dream. Please...”</p>

      <p>Dealing with Lastiara still came with its share of dangers. If those dangers were identifiable, however, then I could find uses for her. And the deal she’d offered just now didn’t sound bad. If I could control her more immature side, I couldn’t ask for a greater talent than her. Besides, letting her get away now would come with a massive negative for me. She knew I wasn’t from this world. I didn’t want that information to leak. As such, it would be best to keep her in my sights.</p>

      <p>I didn’t have all the time in the world, so I quickly brought my calculation of the pros and cons to an end and spoke my carefully chosen words. “I welcome anyone who’s willing to work with me. We can form a party and see how things play out—”</p>

      <p>“Yay! Thank you!” She clasped my hands.</p>

      <p>“But if you act funny, then I’m knocking you on your ass. One strike and you’re out of the party!”</p>

      <p>If I concluded she was uncontrollable, I’d silence her. I had to promise myself I’d do that. Not that I was sure how far I was willing to go to do it.</p>

      <p>“Sure, no problem. I just want to have fun with you in the Dungeon, that’s all. I won’t do anything weird.”</p>

      <p>“Plus, you need to clear up Ms. Radiant and the knights’ misunderstanding for me.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I dunno about that. They think we’re lovers, and I’m pretty sure that means we’ll only have a few pursuers. Those guys see courtship and romance as sacred, so that makes things more convenient for us.”</p>

      <p>They saw romance as sacred? I agreed that love was a noble thing, but in my eyes, that way of thinking didn’t fit this dog-eat-dog world. Not that any amount of contemplating would get me anywhere. That wasn’t what I needed to dwell on at the moment. What was important was the bit about the pursuers.</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold up. Are the pursuers from your place included in this package?”</p>

      <p>“You get both me <em>and</em> sparring partners! Now that’s bang for your buck!”</p>

      <p>Sure, at this juncture, opponents of that level were sparring partners. While I felt Lastiara was taking me for a ride to an extent, I figured it might not be to my detriment to take them on. The proof was in the pudding, and dueling knights would be educational. They were neither too strong nor too weak, and they boasted an ample number of knightly techniques. And because of the duel-sworn oaths, there was little danger. For the duel with Ms. Radiant, I had chosen a short battle, but if the situation permitted, nothing was stopping me from carefully observing the enemy’s moves. And if it became a pain, I could just dump the whole thing.</p>

      <p>“Hrm...well, I guess it’s all right.” I nodded, albeit far from enthusiastically.</p>

      <p>She gripped my hands tightly. “Sweet. You nodded. I just saw you nod. No going back on your decision later!”<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【LASTIARA WHOSEYARDS HAS JOINED THE PARTY】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The party’s leader is Aikawa Kanami.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The notification appeared before my eyes. I’d been using the party system all this time, but I didn’t know it in and out; apparently, that exchange had fulfilled the requirements for a new party member. Now my party stood at four members. In the past two days, it had increased by two. I was pretty sure that having more members couldn’t be a bad thing.</p>

      <p>“Now then, let’s go to your home base, shall we, Kanami? Man, I’m so looking forward to our adventure tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>“I take it you plan to follow me home, then?”</p>

      <p>“Sure do,” she replied with a smile, as if that was a given. Her smile was a feminine one. It wasn’t androgynous like Dia’s or childlike like Maria’s. She was a girl who was my age. There was no way I could fail to register it.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait a minute. Let me think,” I said, flustered.</p>

      <p>Lastiara intended to make my home her base of operations. I didn’t know how party members typically associated with one another in this world; was sleeping in the same place common practice? I could see it being a means of saving money for broke beginner divers. I was guessing members of a party were generally willing to support one another in a communal setting, but when they gained enough money, they ended up staying under separate roofs.</p>

      <p>In my case, while I’d told her we were now comrades, in peacetime I wanted to keep away as much as I could.</p>

      <p>“Hrnn...you still thinking, Kanami?”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, I was just a little taken aback, is all. Could you not stay at my place? I don’t know how it is for this world, but in my world, a boy and a girl of around the same age who aren’t related sharing a roof isn’t considered acceptable. Let’s stay in different places. You’ve got money, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t know much about either your world or mine, but in the books I read, the hero’s party stayed at the same inn all the time. I think that sounds more fun, and it’s not like I’ve got infinite money, so shouldn’t we save where we can?”</p>

      <p>It looked as though Lastiara wasn’t an encyclopedia of adventurer’s wisdom herself, but she had gleaned some things from her books. And if the people in this world’s adventure stories did something, then this world’s adventurers probably did the same thing. And it was certainly true that it was better to save money where possible. I couldn’t deny that.</p>

      <p>“Well... Well, huh. I guess you’ve maybe got a point.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t think there was any need to worry that Lastiara would kill me in my sleep. If she wanted me dead, she would have offed me when she broke into my room at that inn. The only real problem was my own awkwardness around a female housemate. And Lastiara was beautiful, at that. As a guy, that was great and all, but my interest in the opposite sex was moot right now. I didn’t have the time to be thinking about such pointless fluff.</p>

      <p>“Is it really that concerning?” asked Lastiara, who’d been watching me agonize over the matter. “Can’t we just be casual about it?”</p>

      <p>“All right. You should come with me. I have a lot of rooms.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? A lot of rooms? It’s not an inn?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’ve got a house. I bought one the other day.”</p>

      <p>“Nice, but... But that shabby, rundown inn was like something out of an adventure story. Like the one where you stayed that other time.”</p>

      <p>“You mean my first day in this world. That was a pretty expensive inn too.”</p>

      <p>“Wow. So you’re saying there are inns that are even more beat up than that? Sounds like fun, huh, Kanami?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara evidently regarded poverty through a romantic lens. I was sure that if somebody suffering from poverty were to overhear her, they’d fly into a rage. This lack of consideration was her main flaw.</p>

      <p>Since our negotiations had ended, we began preparing to return home.</p>

      <p>“One more thing—don’t call me Kanami. I’m going by the name Siegfried Vizzita here, so call me Sieg.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, Sieg. By the way, what does that name mean?”</p>

      <p>“I’m using the name of a famous hero in my world. ‘Vizzita’ sounds like the word for visitor in the lingua franca. If somebody who knows my world hears my name, it’d startle them.”</p>

      <p>“I see. A hero’s name, huh? What a coincidence—I’m named after a hero too.”</p>

      <p>“Speaking of which, your surname is Whoseyards, right? That’s the name of the country itself. Do you have royal blood? If you do, I’m not a huge fan of that.”</p>

      <p>To the north of Vart was a country called Whoseyards. The fact her surname was also Whoseyards meant there had to be some kind of connection there.</p>

      <p>“Nope. Such surnames aren’t uncommon in the Dungeon Alliance. More than a hundred power players and nobles call themselves kings and queens. In the Alliance, the government is composed of many different monarchs. It’s a vestige from back when they incorporated small countries like crazy.”</p>

      <p>“Huh. Now I know. I don’t know much about this world. That’s interesting.”</p>

      <p>“The leader of the Whoseyards in the past was a great big fool, so that’s funny. It’s one of my favorite adventure tales. After he took the country, he didn’t kill the person who called themselves the sovereign—he sang their praises. He failed loads of times, but he never gave up. He fought for decades, his only wish to put smiles on the people’s faces. Then he...”</p>

      <p>Lastiara was clearly having fun recounting the story. I listened while we walked along the road home, and Lastiara never tired of telling the tale. I figured it couldn’t hurt to know about this world’s history, and I also thought about what would follow once we made it there.</p>

      <p>Maria was waiting for me. We were a party of four now, but Dia, Maria, and Lastiara each thought they’d formed a party of two with me. It had gotten a bit complicated; I pondered how to explain it to each of them, but I decided not to dwell on it. They’d just introduce themselves to each other and that’d be all. It shouldn’t be a big deal, I concluded. I didn’t feel any pressure or excitement as I continued towards the house where Maria awaited.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>When I returned to my new house with Lastiara in tow, Maria came to greet me with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Welcome ba—?!”</p>

      <p>I chalked the fact that she recovered right away and moved to make the unexpected guest welcome up to Maria’s disposition.</p>

      <p>Soon after, all three of us were seated around the table for dinner. On it sat Maria’s cooking. The ingredients were simple and modest, but the dishes she’d made us were elaborate. It was clear Maria had bought the ingredients with her own money and spent a long time preparing the meal. Naturally, however, she’d only made enough for two.</p>

      <p>I could hardly take Maria’s plate from her, so I placed the one that was meant for me in front of Lastiara. She might have been one of us now, but she was also a guest in our home, and it wouldn’t do to leave a guest without food.</p>

      <p>When I placed the food in front of Lastiara, I could sense a dip in the temperature in the room. I felt a wave of cold streaming from Maria’s direction, so I looked her way. Maria was smiling a contented smile even as she kept glaring at me.</p>

      <p><em>She... She’s smiling, so she’s happy, right?</em> I couldn’t be sure.</p>

      <p>“Wow, this looks amazing,” said Lastiara delightedly. “This is exactly the kind of cooking I wanted. It’s so warm. Can I really have this?”</p>

      <p>I surmised that for someone as sheltered as her, this commoner’s meal was a novelty.</p>

      <p>“Err, well, I think you’re good. Right, Maria?” I asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“Yes, of course. I don’t mind.”</p>

      <p>As always, Maria’s smile was watertight. Despite the presence of the unexpected guest, she was so rock solid that it was almost alarming.</p>

      <p>“See? You, you’re good, Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>“Then I suppose I’d better dig in.” She put her hands together, then reached for the wooden spoon.</p>

      <p>“But Master, this means you no longer have a plate for yourself,” said Maria. “By all means, please eat my porti—”</p>

      <p>“You prepared this using your own money, didn’t you? It’d be a travesty if you couldn’t eat it. I stockpiled some emergency food for myself, so don’t worry. Just ea—”</p>

      <p>“That’s what I thought you would say, <b>Master</b>!” she said, uncommonly loudly at the end of the sentence.</p>

      <p>It seemed she didn’t much care for my reply. I understood that my not eating the food she had prepared for me was disappointing, but did it really warrant such anger?</p>

      <p>“Hmm, looks like I shouldn’t eat this after all,” said Lastiara, giving up on the spoon.</p>

      <p>“No, no, I insist,” said Maria calmly. “Please partake, Ms. Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>An I-have-an-idea expression formed on our guest’s face. “Oh, I know. It’d be terrible if one of us went without. As comrades, we need to avert such a situation. Hey, Sieg, why don’t we eat this together? I feel like I remember a ton of scenes in my adventure books where the heroes shared the food when there was too little to go around.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on a second. You mean you want us to peck at the same plate?”</p>

      <p>“To my knowledge, that’s something comrades do. Besides, it sounds fun. Let’s try, Sieg.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara brought her seat and plate over to me. It seemed that in her innocence, she didn’t doubt what she’d read in her adventure books.</p>

      <p>“In that case, let Master and me be the ones to share a plate! Please enjoy your dish, Ms. Lastiara! I’d never make my Master and a guest of ours stoop to such a thing!”</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to fret over me as a guest. From here on out, I’ll be one of you.”</p>

      <p>Maria exhaled. “One of us, you say?”</p>

      <p>Maria had been under the impression that Lastiara was only stopping by for a night. Meanwhile, Lastiara spoke in the assumption she’d be sharing good times and bad with us.</p>

      <p>I seized on this chance to interrupt. “Why don’t you two share a plate? You haven’t had much of a chance to get to know each other, and this could be an opportunity to get acquainted. And as it seems I’m the host, I’ll eat my meal nice and easy.”</p>

      <p>That way, both Maria and Lastiara’s wishes would be granted. A wise call, if I did say so myself.</p>

      <p>“Capital idea, Sieg.”</p>

      <p>“What?! Hold on a moment!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara stood up as if the matter had been fully settled, brought her plate back from in front of me, and took her seat next to Maria.</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s eat together, Mar-Mar!”</p>

      <p>“No, I appreciate it, but I’ll refrain—”</p>

      <p>“You don’t need to hold back. Let’s feed each other, okay?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>It seemed a decision had been reached. I could breathe easier now. If the two of them got along, then I’d break out the proverbial champagne.</p>

      <p>The girls’ meal turned into a boisterous one, while I started eating at a relaxed pace.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee,” laughed Lastiara. “I love her! She’s so tiny and adorable. And she’s got no choker, but her class...heh heh...her class...tee hee hee. Heh heh. She’s so intriguing! And sweet, and lovable—”</p>

      <p>“Augh! Please don’t cling to me like that! Ah! Don’t touch me there—”</p>

      <p>Magnificent.</p>

      <p>To tell the truth, I was worried that more party members would mean more potential trouble and more to take care of. But it seemed I didn’t need to be concerned. It all depended on how one went about things. If, like what was happening right now, I played what was headache-inducing about Maria against what was headache-inducing about Lastiara and they canceled each other out, then I could actually pare down the number of hassles to deal with. With that, I could think about the Dungeon without distractions.</p>

      <p>I ignored the two in front of me and ate my fill of Maria’s tasty food at a comfortable pace. This was very valuable time for devising a plan for the Dungeon. As such, once I was finished eating my dinner, I suggested the two continue to socialize.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Lastiara. While we’re at it, why don’t you sleep in Maria’s room with her? Think about it. Comrades, gabbing the night away in the same room. It’s like a scene out of a storybook, right? Since you’re both girls, it shouldn’t be a problem.”</p>

      <p>It was late, and since all that was left to do was turn in for the night, I allocated a room for her. I now more or less understood how to get her excited.</p>

      <p>“Oh, nice idea! I’ll do just that!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara smiled from ear to ear and went to whisk Maria away like a dog or cat looming over its ultimate prey. Maria’s expression was harried; she seemed to be pleading with me to help, but I pretended not to see.</p>

      <p>Through this arrangement, I was confident that not too much of my time would be taken up. While living in a house alongside girls was awkward, it wasn’t so bad if they took up each other’s time.</p>

      <p>I returned to my own room. Using my remaining MP, I started my daily spellcasting training. Stats weren’t the only thing that greatly affected a spell’s degree of completion—so did how well one visualized the spell. I knew I couldn’t rely too much on level grinding. I had to engage in plain old practice as well.</p>

      <p>I had reason to believe my training was paying dividends, because I was now able to craft constructs of ice in the palm of my hand. Compared to day one, when all I could do was lower the temperature in the room, it was a leap forward.</p>

      <p>Needless to say, I balanced out my training by practicing my dimensional spells as well. By obtaining <em>Form</em> and <em>Connection</em>, I’d expanded the possibility space for my dimensional magic. Via trial and error, I experimented with potential new applications. However, unlike with ice magic, dimensional magic was tough to visualize. Ice was something I was more than familiar with from back in my world, but space as an element was a nebulous concept I hadn’t heard of outside of video games.</p>

      <p>As I was pushing myself with my mind-bending training, the hours deepened, until at last I figured I’d better hit the hay. I lay in bed, and, ever-vigilant, I leaned my sword against it. Lastiara may have become one of us, but I had no idea what either she or Maria might do, which was why I wanted to check to see if the two of them were in bed before getting some shut-eye. If they weren’t asleep, then I wouldn’t catch any winks with peace of mind.</p>

      <p>I elected to check on them with <em>Dimension</em>, which doubled as yet more training. However, I couldn’t find them in any room in the house. Thinking they might be outside, I expanded <em>Dimension</em> further and ended up finding them. What my magic beamed into my brain was the two girls in the bath. Naked. Lastiara was gleefully washing the body of a none-too-pleased Maria.</p>

      <p>Taken aback by their stark nudity, I canceled <em>Dimension</em>, but it was already too late. My perception abilities were too powerful. The data from that scene flowed rapidly into my head. Maria was blushing and sighing breathily at Lastiara’s touch. Even just that much information was mortifying enough, but the information stream didn’t end there.</p>

      <p>Maria’s body was slender and very young, but that didn’t mean she had no attractiveness as a girl. She was young, but her breasts, while modest, were there. Her gentle curves were enough to kindle feelings of lust. She must have lived as a slave for some time because her ribs were poking out slightly, but that only increased her appeal as a guilty pleasure. She was dainty and delicate, and that made me want to protect her. To embrace her. That was the sort of gross shit that threatened to invade my brain. Her waist was womanly, and her legs were long and slender. Her pure black hair and eyes were nice and shiny too. She was pretty.</p>

      <p>Next to Maria was Lastiara. A wet, voluptuous Lastiara. Her skin was white and spotless. Not even a doll could have such immaculately snow-white skin.</p>

      <p>My impression of Lastiara hadn’t changed since we first crossed paths. Her smooth, long, shining hair, and her facial features were flawless. Her golden eyes were captivating, and her long eyelashes were seductive. Her bust was big and her waist thin—she had the ideal proportions. She was a dignified work of art. The pinnacle of beauty. Before their naked forms, sentiments floated to mind that if I put to words, would exceed ten thousand.</p>

      <p>If that had been the extent of it, that would have been bad enough. The real problem was that <em>Dimension</em> was too good a spell. During combat, it went as far as to inform me of the enemy’s line of sight, weight, motion, and a plethora of other points. So of course, details I had no business seeing flowed into my head. That went for more than just their breasts and buttocks. Even their unmentionables were seared into my brain. Even worse, my stupidly high INT stat made sure I remembered all of it.</p>

      <p>“Ah, argh! Ahhhhh! What have I done?! Arghh!”</p>

      <p>As an adolescent boy, I couldn’t help but be aroused. I was compelled by the urge to see them naked, but my horrible guilt drowned out that impulse. I knelt on my bed and held my head in my hands, ruing my own actions. Up until that day, I’d never so much as peeked at a girl. I had never seen a girl’s body apart from my sister’s. And now I’d snuck a peek at them at the worst possible time. These girls trusted me enough to relax their guard, and I’d betrayed that trust.</p>

      <p>I’d known from day one that I had to be careful about how I used <em>Dimension</em>. As a spell, it was just like a knife—it could be used for good or for ill depending on the hand that wielded it. As a user of the spell, it fell on me to employ it responsibly. To me, it was nothing more than a tool for getting back to my world. It was never to be used to act like a peeping tom. And yet, I had.</p>

      <p>My heart erupted, swept by a tidal wave of emotions. Luckily, my “???” skill didn’t trigger, perhaps because I wasn’t afraid for life or limb. But that didn’t mean I could afford to leave it as it was.</p>

      <p>Lastiara was still safe ground. It was my emotions regarding Maria I had to actively repress. Otherwise, I’d think about it. I’d <em>remember</em>. And I had to avoid that at all costs.</p>

      <p>I groaned for a bit, I regretted, I self-reflected, and I heaved a deep sigh.</p>

      <p><em>Right, I’ll pretend I didn’t see that.</em></p>

      <p>I knew that was logical. I knew it was my only real option.</p>

      <p><em>It’s okay. I didn’t see anything. Nope. Not a thing.</em></p>

      <p>By repeating that mantra, I soothed the rough waves rocking my heart. I’d become pretty good at not thinking about things, perhaps because I’d grown accustomed to suppressing my emotions through repeated activations of “???” I reckoned I’d reached a level where I could even control my memories. By repeating <em>I didn’t see anything</em> for a span of several minutes, I could make myself believe it.</p>

      <p>Through <em>Dimension</em>, I sensed the two of them exit the baths and try to sleep in the same room. I “saw” Lastiara drag a not-so-willing Maria to bed. It seemed she wanted to chat with her a little bit more, but it was only a matter of time before they truly retired for the night.</p>

      <p>I dispelled <em>Dimension</em> and tucked myself into bed. A lot had happened that I hadn’t seen coming, but that was serving me fine now—it enabled me to sink into a deep sleep. As it stood, getting proper rest was just another battle. In order to reach the deepest level of the Dungeon, return to my world, and reunite with the sister I loved, I couldn’t lose focus for a moment. And to that end, falling asleep was of the utmost importance.</p>

      <p><em>That’s right. Empty your mind...</em></p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>