<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“<em>Growth</em>.” White light emanated from her body. It looked similar to the holy magic that Dia had showed me; in all likelihood, it was of the same element. I used Analyze to peek at the relevant part of her menu.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Body Boost 1.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I was relieved that her status was so easy to understand. It was just a simple body-strengthening effect. I felt bad for her—she now had to deal with dimensional magic she couldn’t have seen before.</p>

      <p>“All right, here I come.”</p>

      <p>“Come at me whenever you like.”</p>

      <p>She took an oblique stance and stuck the tip of the blade she held in one hand into the ground. The stance was unique. As far as I could tell, it didn’t offer any advantages, but seeing as she boasted a high-level swordplay skill, there was no way she could be a pretender.</p>

      <p>In order to boost my intramuscular pressure, I pooled my strength into my pivot foot. There was no indication she would make the first move. Judging by appearances, she intended to give me a workout. I wouldn’t have minded continuing our standoff, apart from the fact that as a matter of principle, I was all about maximizing my time. Releasing the energy I’d pooled into my pivot foot, I dashed to cover the distance between us in one lunge. At the same time, I swung my sword, aiming for her right hand.</p>

      <p>She dodged my attack with ease and, in the same fluid motion, swung her sword at my neck. Her counterattack was flawless, and through it, one could catch a flash of the blood, sweat, and tears she’d put into training. However, my eyes were tracking the trajectory of her blade fairly comfortably. Due to the special qualities of my magic, I was virtually unable to fail to see something. I shifted my body backward to sidestep the attack.</p>

      <p>The exchange was over in an instant. By dodging her slash, I ended up back in my starting position.</p>

      <p>“Oho. Even a knave like you knows how to fight, I see,” she said condescendingly. And I couldn’t blame her, considering she’d been the one who pulled her punches during that exchange.</p>

      <p>I replayed what had just transpired in my mind’s eye. I’d been aiming to slash the back of her hand, while she’d been trying to have her sword come to a stop at my throat. She was clearly proficient enough to do so; that much was clear. I gulped, but it wasn’t fear that had me all but gasp. It was admiration. Longing, even.</p>

      <p>I hadn’t felt this way during the battle against Tida. That was because Tida’s moves had been sweeping and broad. It had swung blades at me, sure, but that wasn’t swordplay. That was just raw strength born of its physical might and speed.</p>

      <p>This fight was different. She was different. Her power was more of an art, born of polished technique. The way she carried her legs, the way she turned her waist, the way she relaxed her shoulders, the lack of rigidity in her elbows, her wrist strength—absolutely everything was tempered by discipline and training. And the fact that my eyes could follow her accomplished sword swings filled me with a sense of euphoria. Such was the overwhelming beauty of our clash just now. The part of me that lay at the root of my being, the part of me that daydreamed and loved video games, was feasting on this. I was beginning to get taken in by her blade—but suppressed that excitement at once. After all, my objective here wasn’t to appreciate her art of the blade. It was to measure my power level in the scales of strength, as well as to drive these knights away for good. I was here for business, not pleasure. I mustered the willpower and suppressed my urge to draw out more of her awesome swordplay.</p>

      <p>“What’s the matter? You’re not going to come attack me?”</p>

      <p>“No, ma’am, I’m just thinking.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that keeping my distance and being engrossed in thought had left her nonplussed. Perhaps by insinuating that I was now wavering as to how to attack, I’d inadvertently put on airs.</p>

      <p>“Well, well. It seems you’re not your average idiot. I could tell from how you moved just now as well. I suppose that through our interaction, you must have picked up on how truly strong I am. I’ll hand it to you; I’m not surprised you were able to lead milady astray.”</p>

      <p>“False accusations, but okay.”</p>

      <p>“It’s been a while since I last faced such an enthralling opponent. Oh, I know; allow <em>me </em>to make the next move.”</p>

      <p>She completely ignored my denial, but not because she was seeing red. It looked more to me like it was because she’d developed an interest in me. I could sense it in my bones; she was ready to unleash her raw talent. She was just radiating an air of intimidation that thick. This swordswoman was the cream of the crop.</p>

      <p>With that, her body became a blur. Every motion was efficient and purposeful, with nothing wasted, and this was the movement technique that it generated. She was moving at such speeds that if I couldn’t anticipate her moves, she’d be faster than my eyes could track. Of course, I’d gleaned from her menu that she was a knight who specialized in AGI beforehand, and that made all the difference. I managed to track her attack all the way through.</p>

      <p>Her attack came at me from below. I tipped my blade sideways and we crossed swords. With a shrill clang, my sword sprang up, but when our blades came into contact, the bubbles of my <em>Form</em> spell clung to her sword.</p>

      <p>The second that <em>Form</em> touched her sword, the speed at which I obtained information on my opponent rose sharply. I now only grasped the sword’s motion, switching to a spatial perception paradigm that focused on it and it alone. <em>Calculash</em> became more finely honed, communicating where both of our blades were moving by the millimeter.</p>

      <p>The experiment had been a success, and my hypothesis had been confirmed—against a swordfighter, <em>Form</em> was quite effective. There was nothing else I wanted to try out. All that was left was to bring this brief battle to an end while concealing my abilities as much as possible.</p>

      <p>I expended a vast amount of magic energy and instantaneously intensified <em>Calculash</em>. The swords’ motion was etched into my brain in microsecond intervals, and I calculated the hyper-optimal path for my body to take.</p>

      <p>During our third clash, our swords missed each other by a hair. During our fourth, our swords grazed, sending sparks flying. And during our fifth, her sword alone sliced through empty air, while mine stopped at her throat.</p>

      <p>“What?!” Disbelief written on her face, she stared at my stationary blade.</p>

      <p>“So I win, right?”</p>

      <p>The reason I’d won was because of the information I had on her—information she lacked on me. In terms of raw strength, I was a league below her. However, I was aware of her strength in the form of tight numerical values, while she had no way of knowing about my particular strengths. There were also gaps in our mental preparedness going in, but it was mostly the gap in information, which was just too much in my favor. And most importantly, she hadn’t even realized such a disparity existed to begin with. Before she could unleash all of her techniques, she had lost to my unexpected max-speed burst. If this had been a true battle to the death, her head would have been flying. Funnily enough, my menu-sight exhibited its true potential not against monsters but against other people.</p>

      <p>The knights were in a tizzy. There were some among their number who even had their hands on their blades. Realizing the powder keg situation, she let go of her sword, setting an example. They waited for her to speak.</p>

      <p>“Heh. I acknowledge it. I lost. A knight never wastes their time and energy struggling out of spite. Don’t any of you dare draw your swords.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much, ma’am.” Inwardly, I breathed a sigh of relief; if I’d been closed in by this many hostile knights, I might not have had enough MP left to be in the clear. Even if I’d focused purely on escaping, I might not have come out unscathed.</p>

      <p>“Such humiliation...to lose to a knave like you...”</p>

      <p>“Please do as you promised and withdraw. Immediately, if possible.”</p>

      <p>“Grrr... Drat it, a duel-sworn oath is absolute. I shall not renege.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Radiant was no dummy. I didn’t know much about what being a knight entailed, but it seemed they didn’t go back on their word. If other knights acted similarly, that made things easy for me. But my optimism was dashed when Palinchron’s face flashed through my mind.</p>

      <p>“But, but wait! The promise I made was to never show my face to you again, wasn’t it?!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, yes, that was the promise you made, ma’am.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, I’ll send a <em>different</em> knight after you! Don’t get cocky just because you beat me!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what?” <em>I don’t know if that doesn’t qualify as struggling out of spite...</em></p>

      <p>“I’ll leave things at that for today! Consider it a kindness!”</p>

      <p>With that, she turned her back to me and exited the area. The other knights followed suit. As I watched them leave, I found myself thinking once again that I oughtn’t rely on duels. Maybe next time I should ask them to have nothing whatsoever to do with me. I determined that I would put more thought into the terms of the duels to come.</p>

      <p>When the group of knights stepped out of view, I made the <em>Form</em> bubbles disappear. A lot had happened, not all of it good, but the fact that my experiment had succeeded was a huge break. Had it not been for <em>Form</em>, those last three sword clashes wouldn’t have played out the way they did. It offered me a leg up so massive that nothing else could match it, especially in sword fights.</p>

      <p>I heaved a satisfied sigh, and at that moment, I heard someone start clapping.</p>

      <p>“I knew you could do it, Kanami.”</p>

      <p>My body stiffened. I scanned my surroundings. Her voice had come from atop the roof. There she sat, her hair gleaming in the moonlight. The girl with the inhumanly golden eyes and bewitching beauty smiled her heart-stopping smile.</p>

      <p>The imagery was so magical, it was like I was looking at a work of art.</p>

      <p>It was the girl who was the mainspring behind the duel—Lastiara Whoseyards.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>A voice from overhead. I instantly looked in its direction and drew my guard up.</p>

      <p>I’d made the same mistake with Tida—I hadn’t paid enough attention to the space above me. That shortcoming became especially apparent whenever I focused on a fight.</p>

      <p>Lastiara dropped down from the roof. “Long time no see, good sir. My apologies; did I keep you waiting?”</p>

      <p>Her gold and silver hair swayed as she approached me.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>