<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_2"><div class="main">
      <p>“Yes, I am.”</p>

      <p>Using <em>Dimension</em>, I checked to see if there was anybody hiding in the vicinity. Lastiara was looking at me, and I confirmed Mr. Hine’s assertion to her by nodding.</p>

      <p>“You wish to duel with my knight today as well?” she asked.</p>

      <p>At that, Mr. Hine stiffened a tad. Then he replied, nodding his head repeatedly. “Yes, that’s right. That is the case. I would like to challenge him to a duel. But before that, there’s something I would like to talk to you about.”</p>

      <p>“Something to talk to me about?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. And to your knight, Siegfried Vizzita.” He turned to face me.</p>

      <p>I took a step forward to hear him out. “What is there to discuss, Mr. Hine?”</p>

      <p>“Fighting isn’t the only way. For example, I could get you to acknowledge you lose the duel by securing you something you desire. That’s what I wish to discuss,” he said, his tone gentle.</p>

      <p>If we could end this feud by negotiating, I preferred that as well.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine continued, his smile watertight. “Please, tell me what it is you want.”</p>

      <p>“What I want, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Is it money? Prestige? Name it and I shall make it yours. If, like milady, it’s amusement you’re after, I’ll arrange any recreation you like. So could you be so kind as to lose this duel for me?”</p>

      <p>It was an eminently reasonable proposal. Unfortunately for him, money and prestige meant nothing to me. All I wanted was my Great Return, to make my way back to my sister, my only family. I wanted nothing else. And at present, the only thing that could grant me that was the deepest level of the Dungeon. In all my information gathering, I hadn’t come across any other possibilities. As such, all I desired was the power to reach the Dungeon’s furthest recesses.</p>

      <p>Right now, the only ones I knew to be gifted enough were Lastiara, Dia and Alty. And I had no reason to throw away Lastiara, one of the few warhorses at my disposal.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, Mr. Hine. What I desire isn’t something you can get me.”</p>

      <p>“Something I can’t get you?”</p>

      <p>“What I want lies at the Dungeon’s deepest level. That’s why.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine knitted his brow slightly.</p>

      <p>“The deepest level... You mean that miracle? You seek the miracle the deepest level can grant, do you?”</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“It’s certainly true I can’t make that happen for you.” He looked down, all but burying his head in his hands. After being absorbed in thought for a spell, he muttered, voice quavering: “This is a disaster...”</p>

      <p>He spoke the words hoarsely, gutturally, even, no longer with the smooth, dulcet tones I associated him with. He slowly raised his eyes, revealing a piteous, sorrowful look on his face. Gone was the impeccable smile. This was the expression of an ordinary person facing a tragic turn of events. A look of woe.</p>

      <p>The sudden change was dismaying, but Mr. Hine paid no heed to my discomposure and continued speaking through his voice, made raspy by sorrow.</p>

      <p>“Aghh, this is a disaster. Your desire is a disaster to me. It’s good to want a miracle. But this Dungeon... This is the one place you mustn’t. Oh, what woe—if only it were elsewhere.”</p>

      <p>“What’s that mean?” I hadn’t the faintest clue what he was saying.</p>

      <p>“It cannot be avoided. Let us duel.”</p>

      <p>“Sure, if I have to, but...”</p>

      <p>“As for the terms, do you wish to go with the usual? That is, if you win, I will never show myself before you again.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, of course. But—”</p>

      <p>Dread was crawling up my back like a worm, screaming at me to blow off the duel. But Mr. Hine wouldn’t let me; he kept talking without pause, never allowing me to get a word in edgewise.</p>

      <p>“If I win,” he said, with the softest voice yet that day, “then both you and milady must please leave the Dungeon Alliance.”</p>

      <p>With that, the smile was back on Mr. Hine’s face. It was captivating, enchanting.</p>

      <p>“Wha?” It took me a moment to understand what he’d said. Extrapolating from past duels, I’d assumed the price I’d pay for losing was nothing more than Lastiara going back home. Now it was a different story entirely.</p>

      <p>In order to say no, I tried to take a step forward.</p>

      <p>“<em>Sehr Wynd</em>.”</p>

      <p>But my foot never hit the ground. Instead, my body was assailed by a floating sensation. One of Mr. Hine’s rings had broken, the dense magic energy turning into a blast of wind and sending me flying like I was a feather. It was only after I’d flipped around and lost my sense of direction that I realized he had just attacked me. He seemed so nice that I’d let my guard down, which had made me too slow to react. While I had felt a sense of discomfort, that didn’t translate to the nervous tension I’d needed to respond in time.</p>

      <p>“<em>Dimension: Calculash</em>!” I managed, deploying my magic even as the wind was blowing me back.</p>

      <p>In less than a second, I grasped my position relative to the wall I was hurtling towards. I absorbed the shock of the impact by landing on my hands and feet, safely recovering by the skin of my teeth.</p>

      <p>Still pinned to the wall, I ascertained the situation in the room as a whole. In the distance, a now unconscious Lastiara had been flung against a wall herself. She most likely wasn’t dead, but I could tell at a glance that one of her arms was broken. Unlike me, she hadn’t been able to avoid the impact. It wasn’t that her reflexes were worse than mine; she’d just been standing in an unlucky spot. I’d been dozens of meters away from the wall, while Lastiara had her back right to it, giving her no time to think.</p>

      <p>I concluded I’d be receiving no assistance from her, so I had no choice but to forget about her and focus on the enemy. I saw Mr. Hine draw his twin silver swords as he started closing the distance between us. I drew my prized sword from my inventory and planted my feet on the ground. Then, before Mr. Hine could reach me, I crafted spells that would turn things in my favor.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Form</em>! <em>Snowmension</em>!”</p>

      <p>Innumerable magic bubbles came into being. Mr. Hine answered my magic with magic of his own, another of his rings crumbling in the process.</p>

      <p>“<em>Sittert Wynd</em>.”</p>

      <p>A gentle breeze began blowing from his swords. While these winds weren’t as ferocious as the gale before, they sufficed to clear away my magic bubbles. Realizing <em>Form</em> wouldn’t work on Mr. Hine, I immediately stopped producing more of them. Deciding to focus on my sword instead, I tried to channel my energy into <em>Calculash</em>—only to learn that my perception field had gone out of whack. The gentle breeze was doing a good job of preventing it from picking up information on my surroundings.</p>

      <p>Gritting my teeth, I attacked Mr. Hine using only the inadequate support spell. His twin swords came at me from the sides. I stopped one using my own blade, dodging the other by wrenching out of the way. As I’d never faced a double-sword-user before, I could only stave off his strikes through pure reflexes and intuition. My instincts were telling me that if I held back, I’d regret it.</p>

      <p>In order to catch him by surprise, I put my hand to my back and retrieved a spare sword from my inventory, then blocked Mr. Hine’s swords with two of my own. He looked surprised, if only a little. Seizing the opportunity this presented, I knocked his swords away and planted a kick in his torso. The kick itself didn’t pack much power, but it was able to open some distance between us.</p>

      <p>I backed away and used Analyze.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【</code><code><em>QUAKEGALE </em></code><code>MAGIC GEM RING】A ring containing the power of </code><code><em>Quakegale</em></code><code>.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【</code><code><em>SCATTERGALE </em></code><code>MAGIC GEM RING】A ring containing the power of </code><code><em>Scattergale</em></code><code>.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【</code><code><em>SKYGALE</em></code><code> MAGIC GEM RING】A ring containing the power of </code><code><em>Skygale</em></code><code>.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The ring containing the magic gem for <em>Skygale</em> fell to pieces.</p>

      <p>“<em>Sehr Wynd</em>!”</p>

      <p>He sucked in the wind around him, compressed it, and fired the lump of air at me. The fierce squall aimed to lift me up like I weighed nothing and blow me to kingdom come, but this time I’d been able to see the spell start up. I broke my landing against the wall with perfect form, without losing my sense of balance.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine didn’t chase me down, likely because I’d broken my impact so cleanly. With this much distance between us now, and a pause in the offensive, I regained some of my calm and called out to him.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Hine! What are you doing?!”</p>

      <p>As he gathered the surrounding winds to craft another spell, he replied, “What do you mean? This is a duel. It may not be the namby-pamby kind you swear over a ley line, but a duel it remains. It’s a <em>true </em>duel, where both fighters rain violence down on each other to see their desires granted.”</p>

      <p>His voice was gentle. It was oh so gentle, clashing with the frightful contents of his remarks. Given how he had attacked me without mercy, I didn’t think we could resolve this by talking it out anymore, but it was really sinking in that my last ray of hope had been snuffed out.</p>

      <p>“Rrgh! Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>!”</p>

      <p>There was no way to end this except to defeat Mr. Hine. I set my mind to formulating a battle plan and was aghast at the realization that it was my first time fighting an equally matched human opponent. I was afraid where this duel might lead. How hard should I attack him? I wasn’t sure. Should I aim to knock him out? That would be ideal, but he was strong enough that I couldn’t afford to pull my punches. Maybe I’d have to snatch an arm or two from him? That could be my best option, realistically. But I wasn’t confident I could actually follow through without hesitating. Should I screw up my resolve to take his life? Because that was the big problem.</p>

      <p>This was a duel to the death between two human beings. Were I fighting a monster, I wouldn’t be getting these pangs of conscience. Even if monsters took human form, I could tell myself to ignore that. But if I killed Mr. Hine, I couldn’t tell myself he was just some monster. When it came to battle tactics, I could put something together on the fly, but this was not a quandary I could resolve so easily.</p>

      <p>My body went stiff, rendering me unable to take the optimal course of action. This allowed Mr. Hine to complete his spell.</p>

      <p>“I’ll get you to listen if I have to lop off your legs to do it!”</p>

      <p>The air around us bent and contorted. It looked like countless lines of skewed air floating above the ground, and it was messing with my eyes.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine pointed a silver sword at me. “<em>Reys Wynd</em>!”</p>

      <p>The warp-lines sliced through the air like knives. In order to dodge, I tried concentrating on <em>Calculash</em>, but it was foiled once again by the soft breeze filling the room. My detection abilities weren’t totally jammed, but it did give rise to some slight imprecision, which was enough to make all the difference. Sensing that it was dangerous to rely too much on my magic, I reached for some food in my inventory, grabbing a bag of flour and flinging it.</p>

      <p>The warp-lines tore it to pieces, turning the large quantity of flour into an impromptu smokescreen. Since the flour in the air formed shapes, it served as a visual aid to discern the warp-lines more easily. In exchange, the smokescreen did obstruct my field of vision a little, but that was better than dealing with winds I couldn’t even see coming.</p>

      <p>I ran through the smokescreen at full speed as I dodged the warp-lines, rushing closer to him.</p>

      <p>“<em>Wynd</em>.” Mr. Hine cleared away the smokescreen with his next spell. But by then, I’d dodged every one of the warp-lines.</p>

      <p>I assaulted Mr. Hine with my blade. I couldn’t bring myself to kill—a weak-willed guy like me was incapable of that. But as he’d said he would lop off my legs, I came at him with the same intention. That was my internal compromise.</p>

      <p>Our swords clashed, sending small sparks flying. I wasn’t going to put any distance between us anymore. Even if I tried reading his menus, he had so many weapons on him that I couldn’t read the whole list in time. And if I stayed too far away, I was a sitting duck for all the wind spells. I could try going for little tricks at medium-range, but the magic winds would blow them all away. Close-quarters combat was my only real option.</p>

      <p>His unique twin-sword style was a threat, but not enough to cinch the battle for him right away. I got in close and brushed his swords aside. Funneling yet more MP into <em>Calculash</em>, I tried to carve out a chance to take the win.</p>

      <p>Around the time the umpteenth spark flew, Mr. Hine’s expression changed. He clicked his tongue in unknightlike fashion and dodged away from me. I was about to give chase, but I held my ground instead because I knew why he’d done it. He was directing that woebegone look towards Lastiara, who was moaning and groaning. She would come to at any moment.</p>

      <p>Relieved, I brandished my blade anew. If Lastiara woke up now, it’d turn the tide. Mr. Hine was strong, but not strong enough to have a chance against the both of us. In which case, all I had to do was hold out until she was with us again.</p>

      <p>Seeing me go on the defensive, Mr. Hine heaved a deep sigh before sheathing his twin swords.</p>

      <p>“Can’t say I expected you to be this good, kid. My plan’s fallen through...” He was at once vexed and, in some way, delighted. It was like he was happy his plan had gone wrong.</p>

      <p>He was a closed book to me; I raised my guard further.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Hine, why are you doing this?” I legitimately wanted to know. What had driven such a nice guy to go so far as to ambush us?</p>

      <p>“Why <em>am</em> I doing this? Maybe it’s because I saw how much fun milady is having, playing with you,” he said, his voice weak.</p>

      <p>“How much fun she’s having? What’s that got to do with anything?” What about that was linked to his desire to chase us out of the Dungeon Alliance? Going off the information I had, I couldn’t see the connection.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine smiled fleetingly before his expression became anguished. “I was wrong...”</p>

      <p>All I could do was look on, dumbfounded. Outwardly, he seemed sane and sober, but I got the feeling that on a fundamental level, he was talking <em>at</em> me, not with me. I sensed the same instability as when I interacted with a particularly hyped-up Lastiara, which was why I couldn’t find any words to say.</p>

      <p>“Young one...at this rate, milady will die. At the end of the Day of the Blessed Birth, she will vanish from this world. So please, I’m begging you, take her away! Away from the Dungeon Alliance before the Day of the Blessed Birth begins!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Lastiara... Lastiara would <em>die</em>? My heart was racing.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine kept talking, like a dam had burst inside him. “My words have stopped reaching her! She doesn’t listen! So I have no choice but to lure her away, by force if necessary! Young man, please do not, under any circumstances—ANY circumstances—heed milady’s words! She may seem frank and straightforward, but in truth, it’s all made up! I enabled it, so I <em>know</em>! Don’t ask the unstable, warped, barely human, fictional ‘Lastiara’ what she thinks—ask the little girl trapped inside her what <em>she</em> thinks!”</p>

      <p>I was totally lost. Not only was he springing all of this on me out of nowhere, it was too abstract. A fictional Lastiara? The little girl inside her? I supposed it meant Lastiara wasn’t indicating how she felt in her heart of hearts.</p>

      <p>In the corner of my eye, I spotted my companion trying to get back up. Mr. Hine also noticed, and he threw me a parting remark as he retreated towards the staircase to Floor 19.</p>

      <p>“I’ll get you out of here, come what may... The loving couple should find happiness somewhere far, far from here...”</p>

      <p>His eyes were glimmering darkly and ominously. That, coupled with his blond hair and good looks, gave me goosebumps.</p>

      <p>He disappeared down past the staircase into the darkness, and all I could do was stand there and watch. I could hardly chase after him, not only because I couldn’t leave Lastiara behind in the Dungeon, but because my legs wouldn’t move out of sheer confusion.</p>

      <p>I turned my gaze to Lastiara, who’d begun to awaken. Her supple and lovely limbs rose up, and her glistening and smooth hair flowed down. The scene was sublime, unmarred even by this dingy, drab Dungeon.</p>

      <p>It was true. She was <em>too</em> perfect to be real. All this time, it had struck me how unconvincing and unnatural her flawless beauty was. And it didn’t stop there; her unstable personality, her unstable life, her unstable heart...all of it smacked of artifice. This lent credibility to what Mr. Hine had said, which in turn led me to believe that the bit about Lastiara’s impending death was no lie.</p>

      <p>Ahh, I was losing my cool again. The situation with Maria was already enough to exceed the level I could tolerate. Now a whole new problem had dropped into my lap. My head was aching big time. At this rate, Lastiara was going to die? Maria had feelings for me?</p>

      <p>Why? Why was I getting buried under this avalanche? My heart cracking. The ??? skill I’d been keeping at arm’s length was inching ever closer. I wanted to put up a brave front and hold it back. But I knew I was nearing my actual limit. I held my head in my hands as Mr. Hine’s words floated through my mind:</p>

      <p><em>“At the end of the Day of the Blessed Birth.”</em></p>

      <p>I remembered the date. The weeklong festival would be over in next to no time, marking the beginning of the Day of the Blessed Birth. I’d already known that for a long while, but now the apprehension in my heart would not abate. Mr. Hine’s pleading rang in my ears. Fear racked my soul—the Day of the Blessed Birth was fast approaching, spelling Lastiara’s doom.</p>

      <p>Perhaps because ??? hadn’t triggered in quite some time, my mind was filled to the brim with irrational, unfettered emotions before I knew it. And that horde of emotions was telling me something. It was a hunch, so to speak. A gut instinct, to put it colloquially. And to put it a bit dramatically, I could sense the hand of destiny at play.</p>

      <p>My gut was telling me that, at the end of the Day of the Blessed Birth, everything would be squared. Yes, everything. Not just Lastiara’s fate, but also Alty’s, and Maria’s, and even my own. Naturally, I lacked a single rational reason to back that up, but that was what I found myself thinking.</p>

      <p>As I stood there, bewildered by my own premonition, my eyes met Lastiara’s. She was back on her feet. The eyes of the girl I’d been told would die in a few days’ time were shining yellow. It was a gorgeous glint that I was sure would never vanish even if she were to perish, such was the allure of her eyes. Transfixed by her abnormal beauty, the number of days we had left came to mind.</p>

      <p>The Day of the Blessed Birth was in two days.</p>

      <p>We had all of two days left...</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>