<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_1"><div class="main">
      <p>The prosthetic arm poking out of his hospital gown was what made me come to that decision.</p>

      <p>“See? You’re fine on your own. You don’t need the likes of me. You oughta have more self-confidence.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Dia. But I’d be happier with you around.”</p>

      <p>“No, it wouldn’t work. The way I am now, I wouldn’t be any use to you. So wait for me. I’ll be back by your side once I’m worthy of you!”</p>

      <p>“Okay, all right, got it.”</p>

      <p>Dia stared at me, his eyes harboring renewed conviction. Through those eyes, I could sense that something akin to a delusional obsession had taken root. I’d let my guard down thinking this was the same Dia I knew, and I winced despite myself.</p>

      <p>“Let’s see,” Dia continued. “I’ve got seven days till they let me out. Oh yeah, if I’m not wrong, I think that day’s during the Festival of the Blessed Birth too.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, really? So the Alliance has festivals, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Every year, the Festival celebrates the heroes who founded the Alliance. In the week leading up to the Day, Whoseyards up north’s gonna be a whirlwind of activity. And on the Day of the Blessed Birth, there’s gonna be a big ol’ ceremony at the cathedral.”</p>

      <p>I hadn’t caught wind of any festivals, so Dia was helping me out by explaining. “Huh, I had no idea. I’m from a faraway country and all. That actually sounds like perfect timing, though. If you’re discharged by then, why don’t we go check out the Festival to celebrate your clean bill of health?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, nice idea! Aww right! I’ll get better sooner so we can enjoy the Festival!”</p>

      <p>“If you wanna get better sooner, you’ll stop practicing magic, right?”</p>

      <p>“I... I get it, okay?!”</p>

      <p>The topic of the Festival had lent the room a merry atmosphere.</p>

      <p><em>It’s nice to have friends.</em> My having been in a party with Alty and Franrühle’s group had only made that sentiment stronger, but it’d take him seven days to be discharged. That left me with tons of time on my hands. Sure, the fault ultimately lay with me, but it was lamentable all the same.</p>

      <p>My visit lasted for about an hour. I informed him of my present state and asked him more about the Festival, and in the blink of an eye, an hour had passed. While I didn’t want to leave, I didn’t want the visit to last too long either, so I wrapped up our time together at an appropriate moment. Dia waved goodbye until I slipped out of view.</p>

      <p>And now, I was alone again.</p>

      <p>I walked through town, contemplating ways to kill time. I’d prioritized freeing myself of Alty, so it was only just past noon. I had plenty of HP and MP left, but I couldn’t just dive right back into the Dungeon. Not when the excuse I’d given for leaving it was a lack of MP. I wanted to avoid the off chance that Alty spotted me going back inside.</p>

      <p>As I strolled, I formulated a plan. Unlike mere days prior, I now had an infinite sea of options, not least because selling off Tida’s gem had made me moderately wealthy. That said, I’d already stocked up on all my everyday necessities, and I’d plopped everything I needed for the Dungeon into my inventory, so I couldn’t think of anything to buy.</p>

      <p>I walked with a frown on my face, and I ended up at a residential area a fair way away from the Dungeon. The rustic feel of the wooden houses clashed with the gemstone lines adorning the streets. Looking around, I saw the denizens of Vart leading their ordinary everyday lives: a group of children walking down the road, tuckered out after horsing around; a tired old woman carrying some baggage; a swordfighter dragging his feet, no doubt having returned from a dive himself; a lady hanging freshly washed clothes to dry.</p>

      <p>Up until now, I’d stayed around the city outskirts near the Dungeon, so this was my first time seeing the general public go about their lives. It got me thinking.</p>

      <p>“Wait, have I got enough for a <em>house</em>?”</p>

      <p>I gripped the pouch that contained my gold coins. I already had a “residence,” of course—that corner of the pub they’d so graciously given me. But I couldn’t just impose on their kindness forever. Under normal circumstances, a Dungeon diver was supposed to pay for lodgings with their own income. And what was sitting close at hand but pieces of gold? Forget about basic lodgings; it was enough to get me a proper house.</p>

      <p>I walked, but this time, I wasn’t walking aimlessly. My stride sure-footed, I had a specific destination in mind.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>And then, before I knew it, the sun set.</p>

      <p>I now had a wooden house that was fairly spacious for a single occupant. Back in Japan, they’d call the place a 4LDK. Within one of the rooms, I was speaking with a lady seated opposite me.</p>

      <p>“So, sir, you’re amenable to a yearlong contract for this property?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, thank you.”</p>

      <p>After paying Dia a visit, I had gone straight to a real estate store. As soon as I mentioned how much money was in my possession at the reception desk, they rolled out the red carpet for me and the contract proceeded without a hitch. As buying land and a home demanded a stiff asking price, I opted for a lease agreement, not least because I wasn’t planning to stay in this world for very long. I’d set my goal to return to Earth within a year, so I chose a one-year contract.</p>

      <p>“I’ll come back at a later date with the fine print...but since it’s you, sir, you’re clear to use this home starting now,” replied the woman, whose customer service smile was so impeccable it made me, as a fellow service industry worker, want to take notes.</p>

      <p>“Wait...really? I can?”</p>

      <p>“You paid your lump sum, and this contract is already written. It’s no problem, sir. All that’s left is the contract with all of the optional extras.”</p>

      <p>“Well I’ll be...”</p>

      <p>“Now then, sir, if you’ll excuse me.”</p>

      <p>Not one to waste time, she settled the matter of the contract and took her leave of my new home, leaving me alone. I immediately looked around the house. Using <em>Dimension</em>, I’d ascertained that it had been scrupulously and thoroughly cleaned, but there were things I couldn’t glean without checking them out for myself. Still, no matter what I touched, not a single patch of dust was to be seen. It was so perfectly hygienic, it was enough to satisfy <em>me</em>, a kid of the modern era who had been raised in a concrete jungle.</p>

      <p>The house was first-class even among single-family homes. I was told that in constructing the place, they had made free use of this world’s magical architectural techniques, so it excelled at resisting earthquakes and heat. In addition, ley lines stretched through the house’s interior, and it was fully furnished with magical devices, allowing me to wash with water, use hot water, and use an open flame, among other things. Moreover, the kitchen was more lavish than the pub’s.</p>

      <p>What made me happiest of all was the lock. As a modern-day kid with modern-day sensibilities, I always wanted my doors nice and locked, so I was particularly fastidious about ensuring there were no gaps in that department.</p>

      <p>In order to test the perfection level of the locks, I jumped outside. On the door sat a lock that utilized both iron and magic gem material. The lock itself was a large, old-fashioned one, but it kept the door firmly shut all the same. I used a magic gem-crafted key to lock and unlock it over and over, making sure it was safe and sound. When I realized I now enjoyed the same level of security as back in my world, I was nearly moved to tears. My making excessive demands of the agency had paid off.</p>

      <p>The down payment amounted to ten pieces of gold, but I’d been able to acquire a house that was close in quality to a home back in my world. That said, that price didn’t include maintenance or loss costs. Undoubtedly, those expenses would be quite high. Even so, I didn’t want to compromise. It was my belief that with a high-quality residence to go home to, my rest would also be high-quality. If I could buy mental or emotional stability with my money, then I reckoned I shouldn’t be too stingy about it.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, aha ha ha!”</p>

      <p>It was so much fun. The time I spent scrutinizing the many varied properties for sale. The time I spent contemplating what I needed. The time I spent voicing my sticking points. All of it was a happy pill for me. Spending so extravagantly was so enjoyable that I couldn’t help myself.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha, ha, ha...”</p>

      <p>After a brief moment’s laughter, I heaved a sigh. Waylaid by an overwhelming ennui, all my elation was morphing into regret. Put simply, I’d gone overboard. I’d gotten too carried away. At the same time, I realized that I was acting even less normal than I thought I was. That entire day, I hadn’t used “???” even once despite having dived with those problem children, Alty and Franrühle among them. Maybe I’d stockpiled stress and my body had moved on its own to release that stress.</p>

      <p>“Ah man, I went too far. I can sleep wherever there’s a roof over my head. I need to be using my money on Dungeon dives, not shit like this...”</p>

      <p>I could just eat at the pub. Cooking meals at my place was pointless. I didn’t need hot water either. If I wanted to bathe, it would’ve been more efficient to just hit the public bathhouses. And most excessive of all was the lock. What was this house meant to be protecting? I could place anything and everything into my inventory, so there was nothing that needed storing here. Besides, since the house was made of wood, somebody could just break in the door and stroll right in.</p>

      <p>Out in the yard, I sat on the ground holding my knees, staring vacantly at the adjacent road. It was a fantastic location. It got plenty of sun, and it was close to the Dungeon. The place stood alone atop a hill, where there was a nice breeze and a great view of the residential area below.</p>

      <p>Before I knew it, the sky had grown totally dark, dyeing the town black. Little by little, flames were lit here and there, and the hustle and bustle gradually subsided. As I viewed the scene, I grew introspective.</p>

      <p><em>I... I’ll use the money I’ve got left on the Dungeon!</em> I swore to myself.</p>

      <p>Just then, I heard the sound of running animals from beyond the darkness.</p>

      <p>“Hm? Spellcast: <em>Dimension</em>.”</p>

      <p>Through my magic, I more or less grasped the situation. I knew those were horse hooves pounding the ground. A carriage was rushing down the road. It looked identical to the one carrying slaves I had spotted in the past. As expected, this one’s interior was also jam-packed with people wearing collars. Slaves.</p>

      <p>My head having cooled down through my lavish spending, I harked back to that truly deplorable old idea of mine—to search the menus of the slaves for ones with useful talents.</p>

      <p>It didn’t have to be slaves, necessarily. Anybody who was weak or disadvantaged enough to lick my boots and do my bidding would suffice; at the end of the day, I just needed to search for suitable pawns. It was disgusting and rotten, but one couldn’t deny the sheer efficiency of it. What did I have over anybody else when it came to spending my money? My menu-sight. It enabled me to verify the specifics of both objects and people. I figured that was an advantage not even veteran merchants could obtain. And thanks to their being slaves, I was sure that were many whose talents weren’t being put to good use, whereas I could discern who was worth using at a glance. If there was a better way to shop than that, I didn’t know of it.</p>

      <p>I checked how much capital I had left and worked out a plan in my head. Then, I plunked the magic gem key into my inventory and got back on my feet, determined to actually buy someone this time. With regard to my house, I’d slipped up. I can admit it. What money I had left, I’d manage more effectively. When it came to stuff without menus, such as, say, houses, I might have had catching up to do, but when it came to stuff with menus, my judgment was foolproof.</p>

      <p>Following the slave carriage, I walked. The farther I walked down the low-traffic back alleyways, the deeper I penetrated the rougher side of Vart. As one might expect, a space dealing in slaves wasn’t exactly in a respectable area. Regardless, I had HP and MP to spare. If I got caught up in a dangerous situation, I could handle myself. Level 10 was a higher-tier level, even within the Dungeon Alliance. Thinking to myself that I was on par with my boss at the pub or with Krowe, my stride turned weirdly brisk, like I was light on my feet. I took a largish piece of cloth out of my inventory and coiled it around my head like a scarf, concealing half my face. And with that, I ventured into the darkest reaches of town.</p>

      <p>Finally, I arrived. The disquieting building that lay at the bottom of this dark pit. The establishment wasn’t the same slave trafficking house I’d visited before, but though the location was different, the format was similar.</p>

      <p>I opened the door situated inconspicuously in a back alley. What awaited me was a gaudy and resplendent reception hall totally unlike the drab entrance outside. The eyes of the people inside—the customers, I assumed—turned to me. Undaunted, I thought back to the information I had acquired prior and walked in boldly and confidently. Thanks to that, they appeared to assume this was not my first rodeo. Losing interest in me, their gazes moved elsewhere.</p>

      <p>I didn’t ask the receptionist for any explanation, simply walking ahead as I collected information through <em>Dimension</em>. It didn’t take me long to understand this market’s structure. Evidently, as the night wore on, the slave market gradually shifted in character from conventional to illegal. And the later the hour, the higher the prices the slaves fetched. Eventually, slaves who weren’t simply victims of war started emerging onto the stage.</p>

      <p>I entered the building’s biggest auction room and camped out in a seat off to the side. Then I watched the slaves on stage as they were introduced one by one. There were young women who I bet had been kidnapped. There were rare and unusual semifers. There were very young children and people with physical idiosyncrasies whose skin or hair were patchy and discolored. There were all sorts.</p>

      <p>The later the hour became, the more the atmosphere in the venue heated up, blasting primitive, unmasked fervor from all sides. It was enough to make my head spin. I’d known that going this deep into the thick of it all, this is exactly what I would get. I’d braced myself for it. But there was a difference between what I’d foreseen in my head on an intellectual level and standing face-to-face with the real thing.</p>

      <p>I didn’t think of myself as a spotless saint, but I didn’t think I could possibly adapt to a den like this. The heady, chemical stench of drugs invaded my nostrils, mixed with various kinds of body odor. The crass laughter of the well-heeled moneybags who ruled this arena. The woebegone eyes of the slaves standing on the stage. What chipped away at my heart the most was the state of the slaves. The menus communicated the unvarnished truth, whether I wanted them to or not. Just from all the instances of “Confusion,” “Mind Taint” and “Impaired Memory” I saw in the Condition sections, my face threatened to start twitching.</p>

      <p>But I had an objective to accomplish, so I pushed through and continued perusing their menus. So as to distract myself from their names, I focused on their levels, stats, and skills like an employer looking at resumes. I definitely didn’t want to look at their names. If I did, I’d be beset by pesky empathy.</p>

      <p>Then, new slaves got up on stage and the presenter called out. “Now, ladies and gentlemen, I’ll tell you all about the next articles for sale, Numbers 7 through 10.”</p>

      <p>I paid no mind to the presenter’s words. I just continued using Analyze, making only their numbers populate my mind.</p>

      <p>Number 7: high level and high stats but nonexistent skills.</p>

      <p>Number 8: well-balanced stats and an impressive total of four skills, but defective vis a vis their Condition.</p>

      <p>Number 9: bad stats, bad skills, subpar Condition.</p>

      <p>Number 10: average stats, and...</p>

      <p>“Let’s not,” I blurted out.</p>

      <p>I stopped myself lest things got <em>too</em> real. I thought I’d come here with tremendous force of determination, but even that much wasn’t enough. It looked as though there was no way I could remain calm enough to keep searching this slave market. I couldn’t stomach the adults grinning and laughing as they bid on people without any reluctance or remorse, yet I was no different from any of those fat cats.</p>

      <p>Once I made that connection, it became impossible to carry on. I didn’t want to so much as keep breathing the air here. I gently rose out of my seat and made to leave.</p>

      <p>Then, a voice came from behind me. “Oho, laddie. Leaving already?”</p>

      <p>Vacating my seat so abruptly must not have been my wisest move. I’d already stood out due to how young I was, and it appeared I’d caught one man’s eye. He was tall, and while his curly light brown hair was neatly coiffured, he’d let his beard get stubbly. His attire was that of a merchant but he had a sword at his waist; I wasn’t able to tell from appearances alone whether he was somebody’s guard or a client himself. <em>What’s the read on this guy?</em></p>

      <p>He had caught me off guard. I attempted to exit right then and there, and my excuse ended up mealy-mouthed. “I’m not feeling well...”</p>

      <p>“Oh no—is all this too much for someone your age to handle?”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not it...”</p>

      <p>No need to engage in a whole conversation. I made to leave without another word.</p>

      <p>But the man continued speaking so I could hear. “Ah, that girl who was just bought’s got some wretched luck. That noble’s famous for his unsavory hobbies, don’t you know?”</p>

      <p>That stopped me in my tracks, and I caught sight of the slave currently resisting and screaming she’d rather die than be his property. She must have heard tell of that particular noble’s proclivities.</p>

      <p>I averted my eyes, only for the smirking man to come into view.</p>

      <p>“What are you trying to tell me?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Oh, nothing! I’m just teasing you because you seem like such a hoot.”</p>

      <p><em>Shocker, everyone here’s a garbage human.</em> I decided not to engage and to hit the road.</p>

      <p>“Now then, allow me to move on to our next article. Number 13 is from Fania—a girl with that rare blend of black eyes and black hair.”</p>

      <p><em>Fania? Black eyes and black hair?</em> She was the same as me. That insane coincidence brought me to a halt once again. Try as I might to make myself scarce, I couldn’t run away from the weakness of my own spirit. I hated myself for it, but I told myself this was the last slave I’d check out, and I snuck a sidelong glance at the stage.</p>

      <p>Standing there was a girl whose name I already knew. She was the slave who had introduced herself to me, and I to her. Our first encounter had taken place only a few days prior, and I still remembered her feeble voice: <em>“I’m Maria. My name is Maria.”</em></p>

      <p>Once more, I was met with those hollow eyes. And as it happened, she noticed me too. It appeared she remembered me, as a glint lit up her empty eyes and our gazes intersected.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, what’s this, mister? There something about that slave?”</p>

      <p>“No, not really.” I wasn’t paying attention to the dumb guy’s dumb words.</p>

      <p>“Laddie, you do realize people like me come pick on you because your expression gives you away, right?”</p>

      <p>But I just kept staring silently at the girl named Maria. She was a totally ordinary little girl. Her menu hadn’t changed since I had last viewed it. She remained good at cooking and a little on the blessed-by-talent side. There were loads of people who were more or less the same as her in that regard. Yet it was with her I’d spoken. It was her whose name I knew. And that was all my stupid, damnable sense of empathy needed to kick in.</p>

      <p>“Oh, looks like the bidding’s begun,” said the man, prodding me further.</p>

      <p>That caused my pent-up antipathy to swirl inside me. By way of the battle against Tida, I’d grown accustomed to sorting out my emotions, but now I realized that was the very reason this feeling had nowhere to go.</p>

      <p>“Ackh, at this rate, it looks like that depraved noble’s got another fresh purchase. Maybe the gentleman plans to clean the place out tonight. Penny for your thoughts?”</p>

      <p>Then it dawned on me: the terrifying realization that with enough money, I could rescue at least one of the slaves here. I just had to speak up. That would suffice to prevent this Maria’s voice from becoming stained by unspeakable heartbreak. I could save the girl with black hair and black eyes.</p>

      <p>The scales in my soul tottered. Could my callow heart withstand leaving little Maria to the dogs? As a result, I ended up interacting with the man in order to ask a question.</p>

      <p>“Hey, so, how does one participate in this auction?”</p>

      <p>“Hm? So you are gonna participate after all? If you wanna place a bid, just raise your hand and name your price. You can mimic what everybody else is doing.”</p>

      <p>That was what I’d wanted to double-check. Now I was sure I wouldn’t be messing up the procedure. Yet in the end, my cold, logical side tried to stop me. <em>Saving one person means nothing,</em> it chastised me. <em>This is an unsightly act,</em> it scolded me.</p>

      <p>In response, I marshaled my excuses. If I saved her now, it’d take a small bit of the load off my heart. Even if saving <em>one</em> slave was an unsightly act, if spending this money made sure my heart didn’t get overloaded and “???” didn’t trigger, then surely it was money worth spending. Luckily for me, my pockets weren’t empty just yet.</p>

      <p>I raised my hand. “Auctioneer, I’ll double the last bid,” I said, loud enough for everyone to hear.</p>

      <p>Maria’s eyes reeled wide open. That look was the same as when we’d first crossed paths—she’d stared back at me like she’d stumbled upon something.</p>

      <p>A commotion stirred the whole floor. There were those who looked at me with puzzlement. Those who clamored and kicked up a fuss, clearly amused. Those who talked among each other, curious. Every one of the rich folks in the place was astir—they’d found an amusing new human toy to entertain them.</p>

      <p>“My my, a bid from a young man who’s clearly flush with money!” shouted the auctioneer, speaking faster and seizing on the opportunity to liven up the crowd. “The going price has reached beyond one piece of gold. Might any of you gentlemen now be interested in this slave who measures up to the young man’s discerning eyes?!”</p>

      <p>The man next to me laughed. “Ha ha. You ratcheted it up too quickly, kid. Look what happens now.” He pointed at one of the nobles who’d bid before me.</p>

      <p>“I bid double <em>his</em> bid!” he shouted, loud enough to be heard over the noise.</p>

      <p>“Oho, a bid from Lord Febre! And another doubling! Now the price is for the creme de la creme! It’s jumped up to four times the market price!”</p>

      <p>The noble looked at me. He was seated far away, but I could tell his impression of me was less than pleasant. Meanwhile, the auctioneer was thrilled that the price had gone up way beyond his expectations.</p>

      <p>The man beside me shrugged. “See, now you’ve got him all worked up.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh...”</p>

      <p>I’d certainly been rash. Giving in to that impulse had been idiotic. I’d inadvertently created interest in a run-of-the-mill girl. Maria’s asking price kept rising. They were fools; her talents weren’t worth nearly that much. In inverse proportion to the wild enthusiasm infecting the bidders, I grew calm and collected.</p>

      <p>“You seem to be in a pickle, laddie. If you want, I can bid the right way for you,” the man beside me said with a sneer.</p>

      <p>Those words swayed me. After coming this far, I could tell what his ulterior motives were, willing or not.</p>

      <p>“The right way? Why’re you lending me a hand, anyway?” I said, phrasing it rough so he didn’t take me too lightly.</p>

      <p>He just drew nearer, smirking. “Oh, no reason. It just seems like fun, that’s all.”</p>

      <p>“If you can, then go ahead. But I’m not made of money.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I can, don’t you worry. What’s your limit?”</p>

      <p>The way he said it made it sound so easy for him that once again I was shaken. The gears in my head turned of their own accord, calculating the money I could manage parting with.</p>

      <p>“Three pieces of gold. That’s my limit.”</p>

      <p>“I think you can do four. Wait a sec.”</p>

      <p>“Look, it’s not like I trust you.”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine, it’s fine. Just wait, all right?” With that, he started participating in the auction. He raised his hand and raised the bid a smidgen.</p>

      <p>I watched without a word. He was cutting in by small amounts, but he didn’t seem to be standing out. Still, he at times waved his hand at other bidders, who waved back. It appeared the man knew a wide circle. By the end, he was vying with Lord Febre alone, but he nonchalantly bid three gold coins and change, and just like that, it was over. That ending was so low-key that it felt almost odd.</p>

      <p>“There, I won ya the bid.”</p>

      <p>Just as he’d promised, he bought Maria for me. Only, he’d gone a bit over the amount I’d told him I could spend.</p>

      <p>“I said three pieces of gold was my limit.”</p>

      <p>“Damn, I went over, huh? Well then, guess I’ll go make Lord Febre an offer.”</p>

      <p>“I did ask you to do it, though. I won’t renege.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, you really are a hoot. That’ll be four pieces of gold,” he said, demanding his share even as he was doubling up with laughter.</p>

      <p>I frowned and raised my eyebrows, then sighed and caved in. “Fine, I don’t care.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, you’re fine with that?”</p>

      <p>“I see now that no matter what I do, I’m dancing in the palm of your hand.”</p>

      <p>“Well, if you give up that easy, it’s no fun. Ha ha, let me enjoy this a little longer.” With a wicked smirk on his face, he rose from his seat and beckoned me over. “You can’t bear to watch, right, laddie? Let’s leave this joint and go pick up your merchandise.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t hide how I was feeling from his all-seeing eyes. I could sense that if I tried to fight back, I’d fail, so I just did as I was told. “I’m leaving now.”</p>

      <p>We left the place and were taken to the back of the building by the clerk in charge. There, the newly purchased slaves were crammed together, and among them stood Maria. Her eyes were boring a hole through me. The man completed the formalities with the clerk and took Maria into his possession, after which he immediately walked up to me and proffered the palm of his hand. I took out four gold coins and handed them over.</p>

      <p>“Yep, that there’s four gold coins. The slave choker’s unmarked, so you’re free to do as you like.” The man pocketed his earnings and tendered Maria to me without any funny business. Given what an oddball this guy was, I’d thought maybe he’d bargain for even more, so it felt anticlimactic. I drew Maria to my side, then told him outright.</p>

      <p>“You being <em>you</em>, I thought you’d lay some surprise conditions on me just now.”</p>

      <p>“No sir, I’m more than satisfied just seeing you so flustered and out of your element, so I’m not gonna bully you. If anything, I’ve grown somewhat fond of you.”</p>

      <p>“Sicko.”</p>

      <p>“But I helped you, didn’t I? Or maybe, if I hadn’t been there, you would’ve had second thoughts?” he remarked, continuing to rib me with that I-see-right-through-you tone.</p>

      <p>I figured interacting with him any more than this was a bad idea. “Our business is done. I’m taking the girl with me.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t be so hasty! Let me introduce myself before you go! I’ll hear out any complaints later.”</p>

      <p>“Tell me your name if you want. I won’t tell you mine.” I decided it wouldn’t hurt to learn his name.</p>

      <p>The man smirked. “The name’s Palinchron. I’m a knight of Whoseyards to the north. And I’ll have ya know I’m one of an elite few: the Seven Celestial Knights.”</p>

      <p>He made a sword-swinging motion, and it was so fluid and natural that I could almost see the nonexistent sword in his empty hand. His skills with the blade were clearly the fruit of assiduous practice and repetition. Feeling threatened, I stepped back and checked his menu.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Palinchron Regacy</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 301/312</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 59/62</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 7.89</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 9.87</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 11.89</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 5.67</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 7.34</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 4.77</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.80</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Observant 1.45</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 1.89, Holy Magic 1.23, Martial Arts 1.87, Spellrite 0.54</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>He boasted a level that was top-class among humans, an above-average aptitude stat, and skills that were combat-oriented and sported high numbers to boot. This Palinchron guy was a force to be reckoned with. My body stiffened, and on instinct, I deployed <em>Dimension</em>. My right hand flew behind my back, ready to draw a sword from my inventory at a moment’s notice.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, whoa now, don’t get so wound up,” he said, throwing up his hands to show he had no hostility. “I just came to have a gander.”</p>

      <p>“A gander at what? The slaves?”</p>

      <p>“No, at <em>you</em>. It wasn’t easy, tailing you unnoticed and sitting beside you.”</p>

</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>