<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 4: The Party</h1>

      <p>“Good morning...Master...”</p>

      <p>The next morning, as I was experimenting with my magic in the living room, a dejected-looking Maria appeared. I didn’t even want to ask what had happened before they’d gone to bed, but I had a feeling Maria was glaring at me, so I’d have to get on her good side later somehow.</p>

      <p>Since Maria was up, I stopped my experiments. I’d been able to place a <em>Connection</em> door in a corner of the living room. Now I could warp directly from the Dungeon to my house. However, I hadn’t foreseen the fact that it wasn’t just activating the <em>Connection </em>spell that used up MP. So did maintaining it. Merely by keeping one door around, I’d gone down by almost 100 MP. It seemed there were various requirements for the magic.</p>

      <p>Just when I was thinking about how I hadn’t seen Lastiara at all that morning, she came back toting burlap bags. Apparently, she’d packed them with tools meant for use in the Dungeon. I was amazed by the sheer amount of haphazard luggage. I lied that I had a magic pouch that could house as many tools as you could put inside it and popped Lastiara’s burlap bags into my inventory, which then became extensive indeed. With this many items, even our three-person Dungeon dives wouldn’t run into any shortages or impediments.</p>

      <p>Once we finished preparing, I wasted no time. “All right, shall we head out?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes, Master, I’m coming.”</p>

      <p>Maria accompanied me out of the house, Lastiara following behind. While we were on our way to the Dungeon, Lastiara pulled me aside.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Sieg,” she whispered. “You’re taking Mar-Mar there too?”</p>

      <p>“What of it?”</p>

      <p>“From what I can see through my Pseudo-Divine Eyes, she’ll have a rough time of it with her menu. I assumed from her Cooking skill that she was in charge of holding down the house.”</p>

      <p>“Maria is with me to help with dives. Of course I’m taking her with us.”</p>

      <p>“But she hasn’t got the talent for it. She doesn’t have many skills, and the most important stat, APT, isn’t high enough either. She’ll be helpless on deeper floors, won’t she?” She was suggesting that I leave Maria home.</p>

      <p>“I’m not choosing people based solely on their talents. And there are things even Maria can do in the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Well, that’s fine. But don’t cry to me if she dies on us,” Lastiara said coldly, her expression nonchalant.</p>

      <p>I wanted to object, but if I was being honest, her harsh view was more fitting for the Dungeon than not.</p>

      <p>“I won’t let her die,” I said. “Not on my watch.”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine too. I love that kind of dramatic flair. And if it ends in tragedy, that’s just as entertaining as otherwise. Hee hee hee.”</p>

      <p>“You’re the worst.”</p>

      <p>“Putting that aside, have you set our objective for the Dungeon? I’d like to aim for the thirtieth floor or so.”</p>

      <p>“Floor 30? That’s unexplored territory. Our current objective is Floor 20. For now, we’re going to reach that floor while leveling up in a careful way.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, well, that’s a problem for me. The enemies up to Floor 20 are too weak to be fun, so I wanna head straight for the depths of Floor 20 nice and quick.”</p>

      <p>“I’d love to advance through the Dungeon quickly too, but—”</p>

      <p>“I’ve got an idea.” She took a step forward. Upon reaching the entrance to the Dungeon, she unsheathed her sword, its white blade glinting in the sunlight.</p>

      <p>“To avoid some dreadful tedium, I’ll scatter all the small fry. You just watch over Mar-Mar, got it?”</p>

      <p>She entered the Dungeon ahead of us.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Countless beasts crowded the somewhat wide corridor. The cluster of monsters was squirming and crawling. It was a sight I’d normally never be confronted with given my enemy detection ability. Ever since I’d heard tell of monster packs at the pub, I’d been careful not to run into any. If I was attacked by multiple monsters, there was a chance I’d lose my life even if I was above each individual monster’s power level. Dungeon diving typically entailed multiple people hunting single monsters. If pressed, battles should at least be one-on-one. That was the number one rule.</p>

      <p>Yet Lastiara was currently fighting a whole swarm of monsters all by herself. Just as she’d declared before storming the Dungeon, she was taking on every monster alone. Her talent was proving a match for them in spite of their sheer numbers. Maria and I were watching from far to her rear as I observed her battle via <em>Dimension</em>.</p>

      <p>She was wearing garb made of thin silk that offered next to no protection. She coolly dodged the monsters’ claws and slashed them, over and over and over. There was no technique to it. Her high-level Swordplay skill notwithstanding, her blade work was exceedingly rough. Every once in a while, she’d unleash a striking, lightning-fast flash of her sword, but far more often, her slashes were random and willy-nilly. It wasn’t that she was skilled with the blade so much that she was adept at handling her own body as a weapon. I knew she could cast spells too, but there was no sign that she wished to.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What is she?” asked a dumbfounded Maria as she watched Lastiara fight.</p>

      <p>I looked at Maria’s menu and checked her EXP gains. It was crucial information, as it was the first time we were diving as a group of three. In fact, this was even more important than learning about Lastiara’s combat methods. If this was like a video game, a change in the number of party members should lead to a change in the EXP distribution. I had to find out whether being a trio brought about some kind of penalty or bonus. For all I knew, it might change how EXP was gained entirely. I left the EXP acquisition to Lastiara and continued examining how our EXP counts were fluctuating.</p>

      <p>“What on earth is she, Master?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve got no idea myself,” I replied as I analyzed the information. “All I know for sure is she’s special. For now, you can just think of her as a knight girl who loves Dungeon diving.”</p>

      <p>“I... I see.”</p>

      <p>In that short time, Lastiara finished annihilating the enemy. A group of over a hundred monsters had all faded into light. She shook the blood off her sword and walked our way. She had almost no monster blood on her clothes. It had been easy for her.</p>

      <p>“Man oh man, that took ages. I might even be a little tired!”</p>

      <p>“That’s why I keep suggesting we take a detour.”</p>

      <p>“Ew, no. A detour would mean taking a roundabout path. For the time being, let’s blaze our way deeper.”</p>

      <p>“Good grief.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara didn’t care for being on a lower-numbered floor, so she’d opened a shortcut through a path previously blocked by a swarm of monsters. I’d suggested we go around them, but I was happy that she’d saved us the trouble. Moreover, the steady stream of EXP was more convenient for analyzing how the party system functioned. Thanks to that, I’d settled on four tentative conclusions:</p>

      <p>If only one person was fighting and the others were resting, the EXP still went to all three.</p>

      <p>The size of the area covered by the party system didn’t change appreciably regardless of whether the group had two or three members.</p>

      <p>When the party was composed of multiple people, there was a slight penalty on EXP gain.</p>

      <p>The EXP gain was divided evenly, just as with a two-person party.</p>

      <p>With that, I reckoned I had a decent grasp on the general workings of the party system. “All right, then, what say we move on through?”</p>

      <p>“I’ll lead the way again!” said Lastiara.</p>

      <p>With her at the head once more, we made our way through the Dungeon. The reason we were moving so briskly must have been because she wanted to reach deeper recesses posthaste, like a little kid making a beeline for the toy section. Her speed was considerable. Your average person would have run out of breath in short order. We were keeping pace, but I was worried about Maria. I was fine, but given Maria’s lesser stats, her fatigue might have been mounting. I shifted my attention to her.</p>

      <p>“Maria, what’s wrong?”</p>

      <p>She was walking right behind me, her face pale. Her hand was wandering as she hesitated to grab my shirt by the hem.</p>

      <p>“Master...are... Are you unfazed, watching Ms. Lastiara?”</p>

      <p>It seemed that after watching Lastiara fight, Maria was afraid. And I could see why; someone who wasn’t themself a force to be reckoned with would view Lastiara as an avatar of bloodshed. Back when I was low-level, I’d viewed her uncanniness with alarm and apprehension as well.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, well, Lastiara can be a bit scary, that much is true. But believe it or not, she’s got a pretty innocent and unspoiled side to her too. She’s not a bad person.”</p>

      <p>It’s not what you say, but how you say it. Lastiara wasn’t a bad person. What she was was a handful.</p>

      <p>“Her innocence is what makes her so scary.”</p>

      <p>Maria’s remark was on the money. I, too, felt that Lastiara was the type who’d step on bugs with an innocent smile. I understood where she was coming from. She was wondering whether she would ever become the bug Lastiara stepped on.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry. If push comes to shove, I’ll protect you. I’m pretty sure I’m strong enough to defend you from Lastiara, you know.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Master, you can defeat <em>her</em>?”</p>

      <p>“It wouldn’t be certain victory, but I think I’m the favorite by a large margin. It looks to me like she’s got a lot of weak spots when it comes to her mentality, and I bet I’ve got her beat when it comes to technique with the sword too. So it’ll be okay.”</p>

      <p>In reality, there wasn’t much of a gap between me and Lastiara, and if I was forced to defend Maria from her, I’d be fighting with a handicap. If I could fight freely, we were evenly matched. But to reassure Maria, I pretended I had the edge.</p>

      <p>“Is that so? But I’m supposed to be the one protecting you, Master...”</p>

      <p>Thankfully, she seemed to buy it. At the very least, she was no longer white as a sheet. Then again, Maria was good at putting up a tough front, so I couldn’t be sure she wasn’t still fearful.</p>

      <p>Regarding her fretting over her position as a slave, I reckoned the conversation would go back to the question of whether she was my slave or my friend, so I replied immediately. “You don’t have to worry about that. If something comes up, do me a favor and just think about yourself.”</p>

      <p>She grimaced; her expression was that of someone who’d hit on something. “But... But that’d be...” She shook her head, doing away with that look on her face. “Never mind, sir...”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t read her expression anymore. I couldn’t tell what she’d set her mind to.</p>

      <p>Maria smiled. “In the end, I’m not strong enough. That’s what it amounts to. Upon reflection, I know full well Ms. Lastiara isn’t a bad person. If anything, she’s a nice person.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? She is?” I’d said she wasn’t a bad person, but I wasn’t convinced she could be called a nice person either.</p>

      <p>“Yesterday, I spoke with that innocent girl in the same bed at length. I think I’ve a better grasp of her character than you do—because for whatever silly reason, she’s taken a liking to me.”</p>

      <p>“That’s true. She does seem to love you to bits...”</p>

      <p>Maria’s expression turned cheery, and she was lighter on her feet. She went from behind me to in front of me, and she started progressing while dragging me through the Dungeon as opposed to the other way around.</p>

      <p>“Let’s pick up the pace,” she said. “Otherwise Ms. Lastiara will leave us behind.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right, got it.”</p>

      <p>I proceeded through the Dungeon, Maria’s back to me all the while. I couldn’t see the look on her face. Actually, I could, thanks to <em>Dimension</em>. But I couldn’t tell what sort of face she was making on the inside.</p>

      <p>And I didn’t have it in me to inquire either.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>I got the sense that by repeatedly tackling the Dungeon, I was gradually getting more and more used to how to deal with monsters. And now that I was accustomed to the forms of the monsters that appeared, I was having an easier time of things.</p>

      <p>I’d played a lot of video games back in my world, so there weren’t many monsters that I had never seen hide nor hair of before. Usually, any given monster in this world would at least resemble one of the stock monsters in a game. At first, the unrealness of it all threw me for a loop, but at this point, whenever I encountered a new one, I just ended up thinking, <em>Ah, that one’s like one of the monsters from that one game</em>.</p>

      <p>We reached Floor 19 without taking damage, and the enemies we encountered on the way kept reminding me of those video game monsters. Lastiara had, using her overwhelming talents, opened paths through sheer violence. I tried telling her that we were going too far, but since she hadn’t had any difficulty in any battle thus far, I couldn’t stop her from venturing deeper and deeper.</p>

      <p>Lastiara was walking down the Pathway on Floor 19 with a spring in her step when a giant monster appeared, blocking the way and leaving no space to squeeze through. It had two hoofed legs, a lower half covered in dark brown fur, an upper half that was like a ripped human’s, a bovine head, a mean look in its eyes, and an enormous axe in each of its hands.</p>

      <p><em>A minotaur?</em></p>

      <p>“Whoa,” said Lastiara. “What is <em>that</em>? What a weird one.”</p>

      <p>“It... It’s so creepy...and big...” said Maria.</p>

      <p>Unlike me, Lastiara and Maria had no experience playing video games, so this must have been their first time seeing a creature that looked like what I knew to be a minotaur. To them, it was strange and bizarre.</p>

      <p>I checked its menu.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Carmine Minotaur</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>RANK 20</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p><em>Yep, it’s a minotaur.</em> Since the name was being translated for me, I’m sure at least a little was getting lost in translation, but even then, I couldn’t help but feel uneasy—this was supposed to be a totally different world with a totally different culture and everything. Seeing terms I was familiar with pop up—like minotaur—didn’t sit well.</p>

      <p>“The monster’s name is Carmine Minotaur,” I told Lastiara. “It’s probably a brawn-based monster. You wanna kill this one too?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Why don’t I protect Maria for a bit? I’m feeling a tad nervous about my image in her eyes.”</p>

      <p>Surprisingly, Lastiara left the battle to me. Normally, she wouldn’t hesitate to slice and dice, even if she’d never seen the monster before. It seemed she’d finally begun to take note that the carnage she was wreaking was turning Maria off.</p>

      <p>“No, that’s quite all right,” said Maria. “If it’s come to that, I’d rather be alone.”</p>

      <p>“Oh no! When did you start disliking me that much?! We shared the same bed last night! We’re bosom buddies!”</p>

      <p>“More like I was your prisoner.”</p>

      <p>“Oof. Still, when you act standoffish towards me, it just makes me want to do it more,” said Lastiara as she drew closer to Maria and hugged her.</p>

      <p>“Eek! Excuse me! Why are you hugging me? There’s a time and a place!”</p>

      <p>“We’re all set,” said Lastiara. “Leave her to me, Sieg.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, to Lastiara, that constituted protecting Maria. Having fun with her comrades in the Dungeon was one of her goals. She must have been enjoying herself. She had a leery Maria immobilized with one arm. Maria’s STR had reached a relatively high level, but she was powerless against Lastiara’s lofty stats. I was relieved that it meant Maria couldn’t come running after me, laboring under the false impression that I was in danger.</p>

      <p>I turned to face the minotaur. The snorting and huffing hulk had drawn conspicuously close. I had never faced a Rank 20 monster before. From what I’d experienced up until then, a monster’s rank equated to the recommended level for divers to fight it. The recommended levels, which I’d learned at the pub, and the rank I saw through the monsters’ menus were never far apart. In other words, under normal circumstances, Level 20 divers would fight this monster.</p>

      <p>I’d gained a level the day before, but I was only Level 11, a far cry from the recommended level. That said, I was by no means inferior, stats-wise, to Level 20-ers. If the information on the minotaur wasn’t deceptive, I was in for an even match.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>. Spellcast: <em>Form</em>.”</p>

      <p>A three-meter-wide axe came swinging. I dodged it by a hair as I crafted my spells. I didn’t dodge it by a hair deliberately. That was just how rough the lower floors were. If I’d been by myself, I’d have liked to fight the thing after raising my level more, with one hundred percent confidence I’d win, but at this moment, Lastiara was with me. If things looked dicey, she, being more or less my equal in terms of strength, could back me up. Even more importantly, she could use healing magic. She didn’t like magic, so she rarely used it, but if I got injured, she’d mend my wounds. Knowing that gave me a nice sense of security. Before now, in the event I got injured, I’d have had no choice but to surface. Now, however, I could take some hits and continue the dive regardless. I could afford to take a few risks here and there.</p>

      <p>As I evaded the minotaur’s attacks, I made a large quantity of <em>Form</em> stick to its body, after which it could no longer see me. The more the spell’s bubbles clung to the target, the greater my spatial understanding abilities became. I’d confirmed that fact during the duel with Ms. Radiant the day before.</p>

      <p>With the threat the minotaur posed now nullified, I conducted my next experiment. “Spellcast: <em>Form</em>. Spellcast: <em>Freeze</em>.”</p>

      <p>I created especially large bubbles and stuffed magically chilled air inside of them. In the past, <em>Freeze</em> had served only to lower the temperature of the room, but now I could generate much, much colder air.</p>

      <p>As I battled, I finished crafting the new spell. I made the bubbles of cold air slip into the other bubbles, which I moved slowly down to the minotaur’s feet. It couldn’t pay attention to each and every one of the countless bubbles. The new spell impacted the enemy’s legs without a hitch. The cold air trapped inside burst out, freezing the minotaur’s legs and binding it to the ground. With its legs trapped, it was thrown wildly off balance. Such was the power of combining <em>Form</em> and <em>Freeze</em>. To name this new spell:</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Snowmension</em>.”</p>

      <p>I was happy it was a success. I’d been disappointed I couldn’t acquire Snow Fleck the other day, so I’d devised a means of imitating the spell. After creating an opening using <em>Snowmension</em>, I leaped upon the minotaur to cut off its head. The sword sank through its flesh but was stopped midway by its neck bones. I’d feared the blade wouldn’t work due to the level difference, but it seemed I was okay on that front. I just couldn’t slice its head clean off.</p>

      <p>I gave up trying to decapitate the beast and withdrew my sword, slashing its veins on the way out. A river of blood gushed from its neck, and it flew into a rage, swinging its huge axes this way and that. Its blind fury was probably working against it, as its attacks weren’t very sharp. It was still brawny, but it wasn’t as fast anymore. I dodged it by a hair, but this time, it was on purpose. I then gouged the minotaur’s eyes out. Checkmate.</p>

      <p>The minotaur shed a veritable ocean of blood. I focused on dodging its axes while it bled out. That wasn’t hard, given how erratically it was moving after I’d blinded it. I also made sure not to get sprayed by any of the blood while I was at it.</p>

      <p>Less than a minute later, the minotaur’s strength was spent. Like always, the monster turned into light and vanished, leaving a magic gem in its wake. It wasn’t an easy victory like Lastiara’s battles, but it was a passable result against a Rank 20 enemy. I checked the EXP gain.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【EXP】7122/25000</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>On the deeper floors, a single monster yielded hundreds of experience points. One wouldn’t expect this amount of EXP to have been split between three people. I picked up the magic gem and examined it.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【QUASI-3RD-GRADE MAGIC GEM OF FLAME】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>A highly concentrated magic gem harboring the power of flame. Dropped by monsters of the flame element. Contains </code><code><em>Rage</em></code><code>.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The quality of the gems had risen, and their descriptions had gotten longer. If I swallowed it, I’d probably learn a spell, but it was raw, so to speak. I was too afraid to throw it in my mouth.</p>

      <p>As I was staring at the gem I’d obtained, Lastiara and Maria, who’d kept their distance until then, returned to my side.</p>

      <p>“Nice work, Sieg. And to think you said it was too soon for Floor 20. That was easy as pie for you.”</p>

      <p>“I wouldn’t call it easy. It was a real battle. I don’t wanna fight unless I can absolutely crush them.”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, you mean crush them even harder than you did just now? Aren’t you just mowing through them like a harvest reaper at that point?”</p>

      <p>“That’s exactly what I want.”</p>

      <p>“Yikes...”</p>

      <p>I wanted to mow my way right down to the deepest level. That would be ideal. But going by Lastiara’s expression, she just couldn’t understand.</p>

      <p>“I know that runs counter to your ideal. But that’s the reason we go well together.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, but if our mindsets don’t align, then they don’t align.”</p>

      <p>“Not so. I’ll leave all of the dangerous-looking stuff to you, and I’ll do all the boring, safe stuff. That way, you have your fun and I have my peace of mind. No one loses out. So we go well together, right?”</p>

      <p>“Hrm, well, I guess so. But it’s different from what I was expecting.”</p>

      <p>“That tends to be the case in the real world.”</p>

      <p>“It does?”</p>

      <p>While Lastiara and I were bantering, we walked even farther down the Dungeon’s Pathway. Meanwhile, Maria was checking to see if I’d gotten hurt anywhere. She touched my arms and legs, feeling for cuts or bruises. I wondered if she was going to do that every time I fought. <em>Maria, she...</em></p>

      <p>“Maria, I haven’t got any injuries. You don’t have to fret over me so much.”</p>

      <p>“I... I’m not fretting over you...”</p>

      <p>She was clearly anxious about my safety. So much so that it was abnormal. Maybe she believed that if I were to snuff it, she’d lose her bulwark against Lastiara.</p>

      <p>I stroked her head and smiled. “Don’t worry.”</p>

      <p>Maria glared at me, red in the face. Maybe she was pissed I was treating her like a little kid. I hurriedly stopped and faced forward. Lastiara was ahead of us, walking ever deeper.</p>

      <p>“We almost to Floor 20 yet?” I asked her.</p>

      <p>“Yep. It’s not long now.”</p>

      <p>All this time, Lastiara had been at the fore, showing the way. That wasn’t solely due to her general temperament. She had told me that she had made it to Floor 23 by herself before. That floor marked the point humanity had yet to get past. Needless to say, she’d mostly traveled down the Pathway. However, just like a moment ago, there were times monsters cut into the Pathway. The deeper the floor, the more that tended to happen. Her experience going down that perilous path was heartening to have. She paced through the Dungeon without hesitation, and we were drawn in her undertow.</p>

      <p>Finally, we reached the threshold of Floor 20. There were several monster attacks on the way, but Lastiara and I had plenty of MP left. In order to be ready for whatever came our way, I deployed <em>Dimension</em> nice and thick and slowly descended the stairs.</p>

      <p>Floor 20 was a wide-open chamber of aged stone. Just like Floor 10, there was no mazelike element. Unlike Floor 10, it wasn’t wreathed by blazing fire. As Alty had conjectured, the space no longer had a lick of magic energy. It was the perfect place to experiment with <em>Connection</em>.</p>

      <p>There was, however, a problem. At the center of the dreary room stood two men.</p>

      <p>I wasn’t expecting to bump into other divers on such a deep floor. One of them was a looker with pure blond hair. He was a calm and quiet knight, and he seemed a few years older than me. The other was a middle-aged man with an ocher mantle. Judging by his glossless grizzled head of hair, he had seen his share of hardship. I could glimpse a sword coming in and out of view under his cloak. He, too, was a knight. On my guard, I used Analyze on them.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Hine Hellvilleshine</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 321/333</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 34/102</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 24</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 10.21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 8.95</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 9.29</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 11.88</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 12.21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 7.77</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.98</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Optimal Moves 1.21, Wind Magic 1.77</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 2.02, Holy Magic 1.23</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Hopes Jokul</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 253/282</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 0/0</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 20</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 4.41</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 6.25</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 11.72</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 8.21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 13.41</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 0.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Weapon Combat 1.89, Workmanship 1.45</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 0.78, Holy Magic 0.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The blond one was Hine and the grizzled one was Hopes. They were both high-level, first-class fighters. As I was observing them, it dawned on me that I’d seen the blond one before. He was one of the people with Lastiara when I met her on my first day in this world. He hadn’t said much, so he hadn’t stood out, but there was no mistaking him.</p>

      <p>I turned to Lastiara and told her somebody she knew was there.</p>

      <p>“What?” she said, surprised.</p>

      <p>In response, the two knights came closer and saluted.</p>

      <p>“We awaited you, milady,” said the blond one.</p>

      <p>“Is that you, Mr. Hine?” said Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“Yes, it is. I have come here on business.”</p>

      <p>As I’d guessed, they knew each other. Yet this “Mr. Hine” shifted his attention to me.</p>

      <p>“You’re that boy from back then... I see, so you’re her lover...” he murmured.</p>

      <p><em>Oh. So he’s with Ms. Radiant and her crew.</em> However, the look on his face was placid. He wasn’t glaring at me like Ms. Radiant had. Far from it, I could sense he was expecting a lot from me. I couldn’t read his true intentions. For now, I opted to clear up his misunderstanding.</p>

      <p>“Oh, no, I’m not Lastiara’s—”</p>

      <p>“Mr. Hine,” said Lastiara, “I’m sorry, but I want to be by Sieg’s side at any cost. I want to live my life alongside him. As you’re aware, my days are numbered. As such, is it really such a sin for me to spend my remaining time with the one I love?”</p>

      <p>She spoke using the polite register she’d used when we first crossed paths, lamenting in affected tones. I’d wanted to avoid the whole lovers conceit if possible, but Lastiara had different designs.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine breathed a heavy sigh and slowly drew his sword. “We can no longer see through your lies. Regardless, it doesn’t matter if you truly love him or not, or if you’re just playing. It doesn’t affect what I must do.”</p>

      <p>“That saddens me, Mr. Hine. Are you saying <em>I</em> would tell a lie? I could never act so shamefully as to pretend to be in love!”</p>

      <p>Her performance was convincing; she had tears in her eyes.</p>

      <p><em>I dunno. She’s the one who’s in the wrong here. No doubt about it.</em> Personally, I’d have liked to have backed up Mr. Hine all the way. But I had to be calculating. In terms of Dungeon diving talent, Mr. Hine was inferior to Lastiara. Moreover, it looked to me like he was a consummate professional married to his job while Lastiara was a free spirit. If I thought about who was more useful to me, I’d have to choose Lastiara.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine replied calmly. “Thanks to your ‘love’ justification, our honorable superiors are in a state of chaos. Even just a council to determine how to respond to it would likely take a month.” He sighed. “The precepts of the Church of Levahn can sure be inconvenient.”</p>

      <p>“You think I’m using the precepts for my own benefit. Ahh, what a sad, sad misunderstanding.”</p>

      <p>What was sad was how much of a misunderstanding it wasn’t. Lastiara was being utterly shameless. The bigger problems, however, were the “honorable superiors” and “council” he’d mentioned. Lastiara had told me her standing in society wasn’t that lofty, but given what Mr. Hine had just said, it seemed she wasn’t just some well-to-do young lady after all.</p>

      <p>“I would like you to return to the cathedral, and I shall make that happen by means of a duel, as a knight ought to. By observing that formality, we won’t be violating the teachings. Now then, Mr. Hopes. If you please.”</p>

      <p>The grizzled knight stepped forward from behind Mr. Hine, a faint smile on his face. He gave off a slightly flippant vibe.</p>

      <p>“Yes, yes, you got it. But you sure you don’t gotta do the deed? If you ask me, this is your duty, lad.”</p>

      <p>“The duty is no one’s in particular. It’s the duty of the post named the Seven Celestial Knights. I must stand watch over our lady. It wouldn’t do to let my guard down. While it’s only been a few days since she disappeared, she may have already graduated to the level of a Celestial Knight.”</p>

      <p>“Well, you are the most suitable choice for watching over her. I won’t say you’re not. Nothing for it, then. You. The lady-killer over there. It’s time to duel.”</p>

      <p>I drew my sword. “Let me say one thing. I have nothing whatsoever to do with Lastiara’s love life. But since she’s my comrade and ally, I’d like to help grant her wish. That’s all there is to it. Truly.”</p>

      <p>When it came to matters of love and romance and sex and whatnot, I was out of my depth. I couldn’t put on an act quite like Lastiara, so I had no confidence I could play along. So I pretended I was unfamiliar with the love affair to see where that got me.</p>

      <p>“Oh, okay then,” said Mr. Hopes, feeling awkward. “Gotcha. You’re a cool cucumber, aren’t you, laddie?”</p>

      <p><em>Well now he’s gonna make </em>me<em> feel all awkward.</em> So that he didn’t catch onto how disconcerted that had made me, I moved the dialogue forward, undaunted.</p>

      <p>“In addition, I don’t actually desire a duel.”</p>

      <p>“That won’t do. If we don’t duel, we’ll constantly interfere with you kids’ diving. We’ll chase you to the ends of the earth. Shameful, I know, but I’m just doing my job. I’m honestly sorry,” he said, scratching his head.</p>

      <p>He wasn’t fronting. He really did look sorry, not to mention annoyed by the hassle. I could also glimpse, deep in his eyes, the determination of a pro. He had a mission to carry out.</p>

      <p>I’d wanted to avoid a duel if possible, but if they were going to outright declare that they’d do their best to get in our way, I had no choice. I’d use this as training.</p>

      <p>“If you’re just doing your job, then I can’t fault you. Plus, I more or less accept that this is a prerequisite for making Lastiara one of us too.”</p>

      <p>I took a step forward. It was time to begin my practice match. Even if I lost, all it meant was that Lastiara would go back. I wasn’t too worked up, but at the same time, I didn’t feel like readily giving in either.</p>

      <p>“Right then, duel’s on,” said Mr. Hopes. “A duel to claim our little lady. Rest assured, I won’t take your life.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. I also don’t intend for this to be a match to the death.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Hopes drew his blade, and we bowed. Since we were on the Pathway, that was enough to make the duel more or less official. I could sense the air between me and Mr. Hopes growing increasingly tense.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>. Spellcast: <em>Form</em>.”</p>

      <p>If this match followed the natural course, I reckoned I’d win. That was because Mr. Hopes’s AGI stat didn’t measure up to mine (however much Mr. Hine’s did). Then again, he counted Workmanship among his skills. If that skill had the potential to catch me off guard, it’d sway my chances of victory.</p>

      <p>Slowly but steadily, we closed the distance between us. My stance was that of a relaxed amateur, and Mr. Hopes’s stance wasn’t much different. Neither of us crouched low; we simply held out our swords in our respective right hands. And when the swords came within reach of their opponent—two flashes of steel. We’d attacked simultaneously, but to my eyes, it appeared as though Mr. Hopes had matched me on purpose. Our swords traced the same path and clanged like bells against the walls of stone.</p>

      <p>Then came the second clash, followed by a second clang. Once again, Mr. Hopes deliberately mirrored my blade’s trajectory, as he did for the third clash, and the fourth clash, and the fifth, and the sixth... Each time, it sounded like a bell’s toll.</p>

      <p>I noticed that Mr. Hopes’s swordsmanship was purely reactive. While he had talent, he didn’t compare favorably to Ms. Radiant. He didn’t have an art of the blade unique to him and his disposition. It seemed all he could do was draw on his experience and match his opponent blow for blow while waiting for the opportunity to counterattack.</p>

      <p>I decided to calmly increase the speed of my sword bit by bit. Given that he was vigilantly eyeing his chance for a counterattack, I had no reason to be disconcerted. I had only to exceed him without getting impatient or showing any openings.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hopes tried his best to keep up with the accelerating arcs of my sword, but he soon reached his limit. Even though we made the exact same moves, the gap in our speed spelled the end of the duel. Before long, his sword failed to restrain mine, which was thrust at his throat.</p>

      <p>The music of the clanging sword fight had drawn to a close, leaving only echoes.</p>

      <p>“I win.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Hopes threw up his arms in surrender. “For real? I lost. Ah, sorry about that, Hine.”</p>

      <p>Seeing that, I sheathed my sword.</p>

      <p>“You did it, Sieg,” said Lastiara. “As I expected of the man I trust. What do you think, Mr. Hine? Verily my knight, Siegfried, has consecrated this victory for me.”</p>

      <p>She was blessing my victory in true ladylike fashion. <em>Yurgh that’s creepy.</em></p>

      <p>Mr. Hine didn’t seem at all perturbed. “So it would seem. Since it’s come to this, we have no choice but to withdraw for today.”</p>

      <p>“My bad,” said Mr. Hopes. “Criminy, I really don’t think I can beat him in a head-on fight.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine stepped away from his position at the center of the room and beckoned to Mr. Hopes. They were no longer blocking our way forward.</p>

      <p>“It appears you have the minimum necessary strength.”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Hine, my lad. Minimum necessary strength? You know how to wound an old man like me.”</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine looked my way, his eyes as placid as ever. “We leave our lady to you, Sieg—albeit temporarily.”</p>

      <p>“Mr. Hine,” said Lastiara, “will you not challenge my knight yourself?”</p>

      <p>“There’s no need. I can’t speak for Mr. Hopes, but I must strictly adhere to the precepts as an exemplar. Besides, though it may be one-sided on your part, it is still the tender passion of love. As your instructor, I’m rooting for you from the bottom of my heart.”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, I’m so happy that my passion is coming across, Mr. Hine. I’m sincerely grateful.”</p>

      <p>Sparks were flying between the two. Their manners of speech were polite, but their words were nothing but pretense, and they were being palpably wary of one another.</p>

      <p>“You can’t speak for me? Ouch,” muttered Mr. Hopes, looking downcast. I felt like the man’s standing was becoming clearer. Despite his age, he was a piteous sort.</p>

      <p>“If you boast strength rivaling the Seven Celestial Knights, Sieg, then it’s a different matter. Our superiors will be relieved to hear it. And you, milady. You aren’t trying to destroy it until the ceremony, I trust?”</p>

      <p>“No, of course not,” said Lastiara without hesitation. “I will be back for the Festival of the Blessed Birth. Come what may.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Is that so? In that case, Siegfried Vizzita is to be seen as the hero with whom Lastiara fell in love at first sight. I will issue my report accordingly, so I will be returning.”</p>

      <p>“That’s what you have been saying since we conversed at the cathedral. Kindly go away now,” she said, shooing him off.</p>

      <p>The two knights smiled wryly and started back towards Floor 19. When Mr. Hine passed by, he whispered, “Please mind milady.”</p>

      <p>His voice was soft, and different from the firm voice he’d used thus far. It was tinged with a heartfelt fondness. Surprised by his affectionate tone, I looked at his face. He was smiling. On his handsome prince-in-a-fairy-tale countenance, the smile stood out all the more. Taken in by a smile that could enchant even a guy like me, I nodded.</p>

      <p>Mr. Hine nodded back, and with that, they went up the stairs to the nineteenth floor.</p>

      <p>Once the two were out of sight, Lastiara exhaled like a weight had been lifted from her shoulders. “Who could’ve guessed he’d be waiting for me here? Threw me for a loop, that did.” Her act dissipated like so much mist, and she reverted to her usual self.</p>

      <p>Maria, who had taken a step back and watched, and who hadn’t been able to grasp the situation, came over to me.</p>

      <p>“Are... Are you okay, Master?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, I’m fit as a fiddle. That was just a fun little diversion for me.”</p>

      <p>“Who or what are those people? And also, what’s this about... About being <em>lovers</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Those people were folks from Lastiara’s home. As for the ‘lovers’ thing, it’s all made up, so don’t worry about it.”</p>

      <p>“It’s made up, you say?” Maria looked me square in the eyes as she turned my words over in her head. It seemed she was trying to read in between the lines, but that we weren’t lovers was the only unvarnished truth I’d said.</p>

      <p>“Yep, it’s all lies. When knights of their ilk pop up, you should step aside and watch; think of it like you’re watching community theater.”</p>

      <p>Maria exhaled. “Understood.” I didn’t know whether she was actually on board with that, but she nodded.</p>

      <p>“More importantly, it’s time to test out <em>Connection</em>.” I walked to the end of the chamber to set up the door.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s that spell you were talking about, right?” said Lastiara, who came over to me, intrigued. I’d explained how <em>Connection</em> functioned on the way there, and she evidently wanted to see what this high-level dimensional magic could do.</p>

      <p>“It’s quiet here, and there isn’t much magic energy in the air. This is the perfect place. Spellcast: <em>Connection</em>.”</p>

      <p>I spent some MP and generated a magic gateway. Back on Floor 10, <em>Connection</em> had dispersed right away, but here on Floor 20, the spell went smoothly. Having grown accustomed to casting and forming spells, I was able to complete it in nary a moment. The door now stood alongside the wall.</p>

      <p>“All right, success.”</p>

      <p>I pushed the door open to check if it led to my living room. Splendidly, it did.</p>

      <p>“Wow, so that’s a magic door, huh?” said Lastiara. “Let me through a sec. Whoa, that’s amazing!”</p>

      <p>She wildly stepped in and out of my living room, which consumed more of the MP needed to keep the door there.</p>

      <p>“Don’t just jump through willy-nilly! The door’s fragile! Ah...”</p>

      <p>As the door was opened and closed for the umpteenth time, it dissolved into mist, leaving Lastiara stranded on the other side.</p>

      <p>“Uhh, Master? This is bad, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>I had no choice but to cast it again and pray the door on the other side hadn’t also disappeared. “Spellcast: <em>Connection</em>!”</p>

      <p>I could tell my remaining MP was depleting in staggering chunks. I opened the door to find Lastiara on the other side in a cold sweat.</p>

      <p>“Ah, Sieg! Bugger me; I suddenly couldn’t open the door anymore!”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, because you broke it.”</p>

      <p>“I... I <em>thought</em> I might have done. Err...sorry about that.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t make us sweat like that. C’mon, come back here.” I took her by the hand and moved her back over to our side.</p>

      <p>“Wonder why the door in the house didn’t disappear?”</p>

      <p>“This morning, I spent more time and magic energy making it. It’s only natural for that door to be sturdier.”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, I see.”</p>

      <p>I sighed. “That took a good half of my MP.”</p>

      <p>“I’m so sorry. I regret doing that.”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t often one saw Lastiara so cap-in-hand.</p>

      <p>“If you’ve lost so much MP,” said Maria, “then wouldn’t it be wise to go home and rest? You did just successfully cast <em>Connection</em>, after all.”</p>

      <p>It was just as she said. Even though we’d stuck to the Pathway, it had still taken time to get to Floor 20. Considering my stamina, I could probably call it a day. But I knew Lastiara wouldn’t agree. The floors she saw as the fun ones lay beyond.</p>

      <p>“Huh, what? I don’t think that’ll jive for me.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve accumulated a decent amount of EXP,” said Maria, “so I’d like to visit a church. If I don’t level up, I won’t be of use to my Master.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, you don’t need a church—you’ve got me,” said Lastiara. “Despite how I look, I can play priest.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? You can, Ms. Lastiara? I appreciate it, but I don’t feel as though I can rest easy unless it’s done by someone who specializes in it, so...”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s okay, really! I’ve actually leveled up Sieg before!”</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, forcibly. </em>I smiled wryly at the memory.</p>

      <p>Maria saw my strained smile. “Master...”</p>

      <p>It looked as though she was leaving the decision to me. I gave it a moment’s thought. “It’s true that Lastiara can do it. Have her level you up. And you don’t have to worry about my MP either. It’s not like I’m totally out. I’ve got enough until it’s time for my shift at the pub, so let’s continue on a little longer.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so? Well, if you say so, Master,” she grumbled, disappointed.</p>

      <p>Lastiara addressed her in the cheeriest voice she could muster. “There’s nothing that’ll interfere here, so it’s perfect for leveling up. Come here, honey.”</p>

      <p>I’d checked Maria’s menu, so I knew she had enough EXP to level up, and because Lastiara possessed a skill that was similar to my menu-sight, she knew too.</p>

      <p>Somewhat peeved, Maria walked over to Lastiara</p>

      <p>“Don’t be angry with me, Mar-Mar,” stammered Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“I’m not angry.”</p>

      <p>“You totally are...”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t see Maria’s face from my position, but it was clear from Lastiara’s expression that Maria was ticked off, her protests to the contrary notwithstanding.</p>

      <p>After a short while, white light enveloped the two.</p>

      <p>“Right, you’re up a level now.”<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Maria</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 102/102</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 112/122</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Slave</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 8</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 3.42</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 3.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 2.66</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 2.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 3.55</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 5.71</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EXP: 512/10000</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Maria had indeed leveled up, and she had the drive to fight. But it just wasn’t enough. Comparing her menu to my menu made that abundantly clear. We were only off by three levels, but the chasm between our stats spoke for itself.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 350/352</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 221/553</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 6.69</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 6.78</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 7.74</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 10.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 10.01</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 24.07</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I figured Maria didn’t want to lose her place among us in the Dungeon, but reality was an unfeeling mistress. The happy look on her face when she was diving flashed through my mind. I was without words.</p>

      <p>I knew what the result would be, but I couldn’t stop her. Lastiara smiled faintly at the sight of us.</p>

      <p>“Now then, let’s be on our way, Master. I know I’m strong now, too, so this time—”</p>

      <p>Lastiara and I could see her stats, so we knew the deal. Maria couldn’t, so she was full of beans. I calmed her down and told her not to overdo it, making her promise never to fight until she had my permission to do so, and only then did we advance to Floor 21.</p>

      <p>Behind us, Lastiara was hiding her mouth with her hand.</p>

      <p>Floor 21. My first real floor in the 20s. This was big. It was common knowledge among Dungeon divers that the difficulty level rose sharply starting from the twenty-first level. It had taken the Dungeon Alliance less than a year to clear the levels up to Floor 20, yet it had taken them upwards of a decade to clear Floors 21 to 23. One of the reasons was that a good number of elites had gotten picked off by Tida, sentinel of the twentieth floor, but the main reason was how the nature of the Dungeon completely changed from that point on. On lower-number floors, giant monsters didn’t appear. From the twentieth floor onward, they did—and in innumerable numbers. It was next to impossible to construct the Pathway amid that.</p>

      <p>The world beyond Floor 20 could be described in scant few words; it was hardly worth the effort. The only people who dared navigate it were the eccentrically inquisitive, dingbats, or those blessed by providence. At least, that was how the Dungeon Alliance regarded it. And it was in this hellscape that one girl was currently dancing and hopping gleefully around.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha ha! Damn, that thing’s strong! Ah, they went to you, Sieg! Ha ha!”</p>

      <p>The girl checked every box—she was eccentrically inquisitive, she was a dingbat, and she was blessed by providence.</p>

      <p>Two enemies that Lastiara had failed to fell were coming for me. They were both huge. Earlier, it had taken me time and effort to take down one minotaur. Now, I had to contend with two even bigger, stronger monsters.</p>

      <p>“Maria, don’t step out from behind me under any circumstance! There are too many of them—if you stray too far, you’ll be in danger!”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay!”</p>

      <p>They were fantastical four-armed, four-legged simians called Furies. While they were slow, their multiple limbs afforded them a large number of moves, making them a nuisance to deal with. I deflected the stout arms reaching for me with my sword, swatting them away with all my strength and occasionally retreating while carrying Maria in my arms. I wasn’t able to do battle with unhindered mobility because I couldn’t place Maria anywhere far from me while on a floor with a high appearance rate of monsters. Every fight therefore became a fight to protect her.</p>

      <p>The words Lastiara had said to me before entering the Dungeon flashed through my mind: <em>“Don’t come crying to me if Mar-Mar dies on us.”</em> She’d been right. At this rate, Maria would die. I soon came to the realization that I couldn’t hold anything back.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>, <em>Layered Dimension</em>, <em>Form</em>, <em>Ice</em>, <em>Freeze</em>!” I let loose every one of my spells.</p>

      <p>A violent torrent of magic raged forth, fueled by my magic energy, which was an order of magnitude higher than when I was low-level. A great number of magic bubbles shot out, feeding me all the details about the room. Naturally, bubbles containing my ice magic were mixed in among them in order to freeze an enemy if and when an opening presented itself. At the same time, I lowered the temperature of the whole space, which aided in the casting of ice spells. In doing so, <em>Ice Arrow</em> and <em>Snowmension</em> became easier to generate.</p>

      <p>I swept aside the four arms of a fury with my blade. I hadn’t swung my sword this frantically since the battle against Tida. Due to the nature of my magic, I seldom fought as hard as I could. The fact that I couldn’t avoid going all out was proof positive I’d lost any space to breathe.</p>

      <p><em>If you’re up against the wall, use Maria as bait and run.</em> That was what any diver with his head about him would do. But my heart just wouldn’t allow it. I found myself preferring death to letting her die. I felt that until a short while ago, I’d been able to calmly run up the numbers and move in an accordingly calculating fashion. But now something was different. Something was decidedly different between the me from a minute ago and the me now. When had this nagging sense of discomfort started gnawing at me? And why was I feeling it? I had no idea. I just knew I hated how new problems only ever arose when I was already in a tight spot.</p>

      <p>That frustration dulled my movements, and one of the fury’s arms grazed my shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Urgh!”</p>

      <p>A graze was all it took. It tore my mantle and flayed my skin, sending blood spraying. This was getting precarious; it was merciless on both my body and my emotional state. If my sense of impending danger got any worse, it’d most likely trigger “???” My Confusion, which had depleted naturally over time, would jump back up again. I’d managed to resist activating it this whole time, so I really didn’t want to do so in a place like this. The mix of desperation and hesitation was blunting my judgment.</p>

      <p>“Master!”</p>

      <p>Maria’s quavering voice shook me to my soul. If I lost focus, “???” threatened to trigger.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay, Maria! Lastiara will save us if we hold out a little longer!”</p>

      <p>And indeed, this was a fight that could be won if I bought some time. I didn’t need “???” to clear my mental fog. We just had to wait until Lastiara, who could move freely, came and slaughtered them. She was thinning the Furies’ numbers all by herself. She’d break through this spot of peril for us. That was why I had to hold out. I was in for a protracted fight. The key was buying time.</p>

      <p>While I was focusing purely on intercepting, the two Furies closed in on me in a pincer attack, but I was in a good position. I put into operation some of the <em>Snowmension</em> bubbles close to the enemies. Suddenly freezing over, they were thrown off balance, slamming into each other. I seized on that chance to take Maria and gain some distance.</p>

      <p>“You ready yet, Lastiara?!”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, yes! No more waiting!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara had finally rendered all of the other Furies into so much light, after which she came running to our aid. From there, it only lasted a moment. With their movement obstructed by my ice magic, the two Furies ate Lastiara’s sword, her blade piercing their vitals. Ruthlessly, she continued the assault on our shrieking foes. With a speed the Furies couldn’t keep up with, she stabbed them in each and every one of their weak points. Soon, they collapsed into a big pool of blood.</p>

      <p>After seeing that all the Furies had turned into light and disappeared, I immediately issued my command. “Retreat! Retreat! Go back to Floor 20!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Master!”</p>

      <p>I didn’t even pick up the magic gems. I just went back up the path, ignoring Lastiara’s “Must we?” Evading enemies using <em>Dimension</em>, we ran all the way back to the chamber on the twentieth level—the safety zone.</p>

      <p>While I was wheezing, trying to catch my breath, Lastiara made her displeasure known. “So, why’d you pull a runner?”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t know the enemies’d be this strong.”</p>

      <p>“I did tell you. I told you to be careful ’cause they get a bit strong.”</p>

      <p>I’d been an idiot for taking her at her word. I’d taken Maria there to use the strong enemies for level grinding, but I should have remembered that Lastiara’s values were not my own. “You call that a <em>bit</em> strong? Those things were stupid strong!”</p>

      <p>“Were they?”</p>

      <p>“Battles on Floor 21 are too different a beast, so that’ll be it for today. As things stand, Maria won’t be able to join the fray.”</p>

      <p>“Hrm. Well, in that case, wouldn’t we be better served just having her wait at home?”</p>

      <p>“Maria’s one of us. No way we can do that.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, really? There’s no way?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara clearly figured that if Maria hadn’t been here, that enemy would have been perfect for my level. It was true that if my objective was to clear the Dungeon, it made more sense to try doing Floor 21 as a pair. I knew that full well, which was why I was at a loss for words.</p>

      <p>Behind me, Maria was looking vexed and disappointed. I could hear her small voice clear as crystal. “And I leveled up too... I’m almost the same level as Master, but I can’t do anything...”</p>

      <p>Maria had grown stronger at impossible rates, but she was hamstrung by being in the “ordinary person” box. While she’d become a top-class diver in a matter of days, she wasn’t anything beyond that. She was a far cry from Lastiara and me, who exceeded the common sense of this world. She couldn’t reach our heights. We were too special, and now, there was a rift between us. Despite the fact we were at basically the same level, she couldn’t even participate in battle.</p>

      <p>Such was the gap between our innate talent. The gap between the blessed and the normal. The APT gap.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry about it, Maria,” I said. “If you level up, you’ll be able to fight too.”</p>

      <p>“Yes,” she replied. “Yes, that makes sense. I just need to raise my level! That’s all I—”</p>

      <p>“You have it backwards,” interrupted Lastiara, with the expression of someone who couldn’t stand to sit back and watch. “The more we all level up, the more Mar-Mar will be left eating our dust. She’ll never in her life be able to catch up to us.”</p>

      <p>I’d had a vague inkling that was the case, but Lastiara told her the truth I hadn’t.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Maria didn’t understand.</p>

      <p>“There’s a huge difference between your growth rate and ours. So if we all level up, the gap between us and you will only widen. There will never come a time where you can help Sieg in some way. On the contrary, you’d only be tripping him up and exposing him to mortal danger.”</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, hold on—”</p>

      <p>“I won’t ‘hold on.’”</p>

      <p>“Maria <em>is </em>getting stronger, if a little at a time! Besides, she could become the right person in the right place under the right circumstances!”</p>

      <p>“I thought I might not mind standing by and admiring her tragic scene unfold while watching the boy who kept fooling himself, but I’m thinking twice about it now. It seems I’m more fond of her than I’d realized.”</p>

      <p>Me, fooling myself? That couldn’t be... I didn’t want to admit it, but Lastiara’s intense gaze wouldn’t let that slide.</p>

      <p>“No...” I said, trailing off. “That’s... That’s not true...”</p>

      <p>“You can see her Aptitude too, can’t you? A low Aptitude means it’s hopeless for her. Her base growth rate is just inferior, period. Yet here you are, dragging her around the Dungeon. It’s mad. Do you even know why you’re doing this?”</p>

      <p>“I...”</p>

      <p>Yes. I knew why. I’d noticed that the APT stat affected a person’s growth rate when she turned Level 7. Maria’s relatively stunted growth was apparent compared to mine and Dia’s. She simply lacked the APT, and she would definitely hit a wall in the future. The reason I’d dragged her here despite knowing that was—</p>

      <p>“Enough...” said Maria before I could let it all out. “I don’t need to hear any more.”</p>

      <p>Her face was pale. From her expression, she knew what I was about to say. And I knew that she knew. I had just pretended I’d never noticed. But Lastiara was right; I’d been fooling myself.</p>

      <p>When Maria saw Lastiara fight, and when she saw me fight, she’d realized that she was dead weight. Dejected, her expression turned dark. I could even catch a glimpse of feelings of emptiness there.</p>

      <p>Emptiness. Her eyes, turning into the hollow eyes of once upon a time. <em>Argh, no, don’t think about it. It’s too traumatic.</em> Maria looked too much like <em>her</em>. I didn’t want to see her that way. That was why I’d given her my patronage. So yes. The reason I was dragging her around was me playing favorites with her. Nothing more.</p>

      <p>The sight of me being so stricken after coming to that realization got Lastiara’s neurons firing. “Heh heh. I see, I see,” said Lastiara. “Oh, it must be nice. I envy you, the both of you.”</p>

      <p>That look in her innocent yet pitiless gaze was back. Those cold, inorganic eyes that few could comprehend. She gazed at us, and there was envy there but also adoration.</p>

      <p>“You really are a piece of work, aren’t you, Lastiara?”</p>

      <p>“I could say the same about you two. Leading such intriguing lives, but only barely.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, sorry it’s only barely.”</p>

      <p>“But no, that’s good. You two are both so good at fooling yourselves, so I think I can wring more enjoyment out of you yet. Don’t worry your little heads—I’ll be watching from the sidelines, making sure you don’t die or break on me!”</p>

      <p>She grinned at us, a tinge of mania in her eyes. As of late, I had thought I’d started understanding what she was thinking, but it seemed I wasn’t quite there yet. I was used to her craziness, though, so I just heaved a sigh before replying.</p>

      <p>“Like we could be anything but worried after hearing that.”</p>

      <p>“Ms. Lastiara,” said Maria from nearby, her expression mirroring mine, “I ask you to exercise a little more prudence.” While she’d been rattled by Lastiara’s truth bomb, she still had the energy to fire back regarding the tactless way our companion had laid it out.</p>

      <p>“Excellent. I’m glad,” said Lastiara. “If you two can still hurl insults at me, then you’re fine. If I’d never spoken my mind, something nastier would’ve befallen you down the line. I’ve read so many adventure tales that I’m well-versed regarding parties. Don’t you think you ought to act more grateful?” She was smiling, unfazed by our invective.</p>

      <p>“Like I’d thank you,” I replied.</p>

      <p>“I’m afraid that naturally, I can’t thank you,” said Maria at the same time. Her bitter smile was past not only disappointment but also discontent. Lastiara’s cheeriness was insensate, but it was also simpleminded and innocent, and it had dragged out a faint smile on Maria’s face. Lastiara was why she’d despaired, but also why she had recovered.</p>

      <p>Through my own wry smile, I spoke lest the wisp of cheer fade away. “Good grief. You’re as unnerving as always.”</p>

      <p>“Me? Unnerving?” Lastiara answered.</p>

      <p>“You’ve got no common sense or restraint and you’re always so erratic. You’re pretty scary from where we’re standing, isn’t that right, Maria?” I smiled softly.</p>

      <p>“Yes... Yes, I don’t know what Ms. Lastiara will do, so I’m always on edge around her.”</p>

      <p>“You too, Mar-Mar?!”</p>

      <p>Through our repartee, the air between us gradually lightened up, even if we were putting on brave faces. We had a pile of problems, but the mood was on the uptick. Afterwards, by continuing to use Lastiara as the butt of our banter, we managed to fully shift gears away from that depressive slump. The laughter we shared was superficial, but it helped us get to the gateway on Floor 20 and back home again. Each of us had identified the issues the others had, but we’d somehow avoided the worst-case scenario.</p>

      <p><em>We had avoided the worst-case scenario...</em></p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Having returned after escaping Floor 21, we all started unwinding. Lastiara told us she had business to take care of and hastily went outside, leaving me and Maria in the living room. I was peeved. She’d kicked up a tempest only to leave me picking up the pieces.</p>

      <p>“You okay, Maria?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’m okay. I let leveling up go to my head. It’s what I get for not knowing my place and aiming too high.” She bowed her head calmly.</p>

      <p>As far as I could tell, she was no longer paying any mind to what Lastiara had said.</p>

      <p>“No, it was a lapse in judgment on my part. I put too much trust in my plan and didn’t know when to quit. I ended up dragging you into pits of danger I had no business dragging you into.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, I thought you would say something to that effect, Master. Thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>“What’re you thanking me for? My slipup almost cost you your life.”</p>

      <p>Her smile didn’t go away. “Yes, but you made that slipup trying to do what was best for me, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p><em>No, that’s not it. It wasn’t that altruistic. </em>“You say that because you’re so self-conscious. But I don’t have the time or energy to be thinking about what’s best for anybody else.”</p>

      <p>“No, that’s not true. You didn’t want me to be sad, so you couldn’t make up your mind when to call it quits, correct? You couldn’t bring yourself to crush my dreams, could you?”</p>

      <p>Maria had the notion I was a decent human being, but that was a mistake. My dragging her everywhere was for no one’s sake but my own.</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, I’m not that selfless.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. I knew you were a kind soul, Master.” Then her smile gave way to a gloomier expression. “But there’s no denying that I’m of no use in the Dungeon anymore. And now that I know I’ll only ever be a hindrance to you, I don’t know what to do with myself.”</p>

      <p>The way her mood had suddenly nosedived took me aback. She looked so down in the dumps that it was like she hadn’t been smiling a moment ago. I should have known there was no way it wasn’t gnawing at her. She couldn’t possibly have sorted through her feelings in so short a time.</p>

      <p>“Cheer up, Maria. It’s not as though you’re totally powerless. You should take your time searching for what you can do here.”</p>

      <p>“I can stay?” she asked, puzzled.</p>

      <p>I was flabbergasted. “Hold on, were you planning to leave?”</p>

      <p>“I have every intention of paying you back for your kindness, of course. But since I’m dead weight, I have no good reason to be staying in this house, so...”</p>

      <p>“What happened to all that spunk you used to have? Don’t get <em>that</em> depressed, jeez. Are you stupid or something?”</p>

      <p>Up until the other day, she’d been so self-assured, but now she was a shadow of that former self.</p>

      <p>“That ‘self-assurance’ was fake.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know what had made Maria feel <em>this</em> down, but all the same, I didn’t want to see her so miserable. It reminded me of when I’d first encountered her. And I couldn’t have that. If Maria didn’t hold her head up high, I’d be the one in a bind. After all, if she’d stayed that self-assured, I would have had no compunctions about releasing her, but if she left wearing that expression, I’d be beside myself with worry and regret.</p>

      <p>“There is something you can do: cook for me. I’ll leave the house in your hands.” Any arrangement was fine; I just wanted to give her a raison d’etre and what sprang to mind was food. With her skills, entrusting the housework to her was a safe bet.</p>

      <p>“But before, you said you don’t need me to cook.”</p>

      <p>“I just said that in order to drag you to the Dungeon. I wanted you to come to the Dungeon at any cost, so I said some mean stuff.”</p>

      <p>And that was no lie. Back then, I’d truly wanted her help in the Dungeon more than I’d wanted her to cook for me.</p>

      <p>“So that’s what that was about.”</p>

      <p>“This time, I’m asking you to do it. I want you to stay in this house and cook meals for me every day,” I said, a serious look on my face.</p>

      <p>“Cook for you...every day?” She sighed, astonished. “You’re being as dumb as ever, Master. That’s an embarrassing way to phrase it. Even if you didn’t mean it that way.”</p>

      <p><em>Please cook for me every day</em>—a canned line that was a roundabout way to propose to someone.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, as soon as I said it, I was mortified.”</p>

      <p>She gave me an exasperated look as usual, but if it meant she was back in her stride, I didn’t mind any look she might give me.</p>

      <p>“So then,” said Maria, smiling, “you have my gratitude for the work you’ve given me. Thank you so much, Master.”</p>

      <p>“You got it. Thank you.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t see the shadow hanging over her anymore, yet since I didn’t have the power of observation to see through her false fronts, I couldn’t rest easy just yet.</p>

      <p>“Now then, why don’t we cook together today? We might as well.”</p>

      <p>“Together, sir?”</p>

      <p>For now, I would survey the situation by cooking alongside her. “I want you to show me how good you are. I’m a deft hand myself, but probably not on your level.”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, Master, there’s no way I could ever measure up to you.”</p>

      <p>“You’ve got talent when it comes to cooking. I told you before, didn’t I? I can see people’s talents.”</p>

      <p>“I have a talent for cooking?”</p>

      <p>“There’s no doubt about it. Be confident.”</p>

      <p>“A talent for cooking, huh...” She trailed off. Then her expression got a mite cheerier. If she derived a solid reason to get up in the morning from this, it saved me a headache.</p>

      <p>Moving to the kitchen, I started teaching her what I knew about cooking in an effort to get her to like it. And since she taught me what she knew about this world’s techniques, we got more into the conversation than I was expecting. We began preparing for dinner, and while we cooked, Maria looked increasingly cheerier, which reassured me that selecting this option wasn’t a misguided choice, and I continued having fun cooking with her. We forgot all about the Dungeon, albeit temporarily, and immersed ourselves in the joint activity.</p>

      <p>Just when we had finished making dinner, Lastiara returned.</p>

      <p>“I’m back! Mmm, it smells great in here.”</p>

      <p>One might have mistaken her for a teen who always had to make it home in time for dinner. Her arrival made me realize it was getting dark out. It was time for me to head to work.</p>

      <p>“Maria, I’m gonna head to the pub soon. I’ll be back.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Master. Have a good day.”</p>

      <p>I thought I saw her expression change a tiny bit, but she smiled as she saw me off.</p>

      <p>“I’ll get out early, so wait for—”</p>

      <p>“Ah, Sieg,” interrupted Lastiara. “You don’t need to go to the pub anymore. I got you some break time.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what? What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“I mean what I said. I got you unlimited break time from the manager,” she said nonchalantly.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, what do you mean, break time? Don’t tell me you went to the pub just now?”</p>

      <p>“I did. And I told Mr. Manager that we wanted you to be on break until you got yourself sorted out. When I told him more knights like Serry might show up otherwise, he okayed it instantly.”</p>

      <p>“He... He really approved?”</p>

      <p>“It was child’s play; I begged him with tears in my eyes. Looks like your boss can’t say no to a girl.”</p>

      <p>In other words, she’d wheedled him with her wiles. All in all, my boss went easy on beauties like her. That much was clear from how he’d handled Ms. Radiant and Ms. Lyeen. Everybody who was close to him knew it. I had no doubt he was taken in by the pretty girl’s request and didn’t even inquire much about the situation. And I didn’t doubt that I really was off work now.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Lastiara. Take a seat at the table right now. I’ve got a buttload of things to say.” I sat myself down at the table at the center of the living room.</p>

      <p>“No, wait, hold on. I want you to hear what I have to say first!” she replied. “It’s not as though I made you take off work for no reason. I did it after thinking about all sorts of things, like money and time and stuff. I figured you were only there because you didn’t give the other workers more work, so I pulled the trigger for you. ’Cause, like, you’re so wishy-washy about the strangest things.”</p>

      <p>“I hear you. It may well be that I wasn’t being terribly efficient. That said, I still wanted to gather a lot more information at that pub. Besides, the pub must still want me. I don’t see how they can function while they’re down a worker.”</p>

      <p>“I realized that too, you know. I know a fair amount about the Dungeon up to Floor 23, and if the pub stops being able to function, then you can just send Mar-Mar there.”</p>

      <p>If she said she had the information I wanted, I couldn’t press her on the matter, but the state we’d be leaving the pub in was a different story.</p>

      <p>“I’ll grant you, for argument’s sake, that you can provide me with intel. But you’re gonna seriously make the case that they can switch workers for a role that easily? Besides, it’s not even a given that Maria’ll do that for us.”</p>

      <p>“What? All you did was wash dishes and set tables. Anybody can do that. And when it comes to helping with preparing ingredients, Maria would be better at it than you, given her Cooking skill. And most importantly, I’m betting the pub would take a cute little girl over you any day. As for whether she’s willing to do it... Hey, Mar-Mar, you’ll do it, right?”</p>

      <p>She was still cooking. “If it will serve my Master, then absolutely,” she said, her voice all too full of verve.</p>

      <p>Lastiara shot me a <em>“see?”</em> look. “Now, even if you need to gather intel, you can just ask her to do it for you. I’m serving you up some nice division of labor. And I know you can be overprotective, but surely not enough to naysay this?”</p>

      <p>“Urgh...”</p>

      <p>I didn’t want Maria working at the pub if it could be helped. There were plenty of ruffians and rogues among their clientele. Then again, her relatively high level basically solved that problem. Sure, she could never hold a candle to us, but she was the equal of experienced divers in terms of raw strength.</p>

      <p>“That’s not the end of the discussion, though. None of that changes the fact that you did as you pleased without consulting us or that you asked for Maria’s approval only after the fact. Don’t consider your heedlessness tolerated.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Right, so, uhh, what’s for dinner?” she asked, after realizing the tides were shifting against her.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind getting into things over food. Any food tastes great when you’re lecturing someone.”</p>

      <p>“The food’s not so great when I’m getting lectured.”</p>

      <p>Maria laid the plates on the table and all three of us tucked into our dinner. As promised, I gave Lastiara a verbal spanking while I partook, though the scolding didn’t last long. Her methods aside, I understood that she had done what she had because she meant well. While she was a ne’er-do-well, it was all born of good intentions. Her leveling me up on my first day, her setting me up with the Seven Celestial Knights, her joining my party, her words of warning to Maria, and the stunt she’d pulled with the pub—they were all Lastiara’s way of looking out for us.</p>

      <p>In the end, Lastiara hung her head and quietly apologized, and that was that. Following the tongue-lashing, the three of us enjoyed our meal, chatting about the next day’s Dungeon dive. We concluded that Maria would be in charge of everything apart from Dungeon stuff, while Lastiara and I would focus on diving.</p>

      <p>And so another day came and went. To sum up my thoughts, Lastiara put us through a lot, but there were also things we couldn’t have surmounted without her. After dinner, I went to the pub and apologized to the manager.</p>

      <p>It may not have been my imagination that I fell asleep easier than normal that night.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The next day, Lastiara and I tackled Floor 21 once again while Maria was holding down the house.</p>

      <p>“Now we can finally do a proper, full-fledged Dungeon dive, huh, Sieg?”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure there’s a big gap between what you and I consider a ‘full-fledged’ dive, though.”</p>

      <p>Crossing the <em>Connection</em> gateway in the house, we’d zipped straight to Floor 20. Reaching a floor that deep so early in the morning was a novel sensation.</p>

      <p>Lastiara was doing stretches as she walked behind me. She looked happy. Unlike the day before, I was leading the way. In order to make the maximum use of my abilities, I had reverted to the position that made the most sense. We walked down to Floor 21 with my enemy sonar active. Meanwhile, Lastiara kept chattering loudly and incessantly.</p>

      <p>“All right, Floor 30, here we come!”</p>

      <p>“Hold your horses. We’re gonna take it floor by floor and see how it shakes out. Floor 21 will be our warm-up, and our objective for now is the end bit of the Pathway, so—”</p>

      <p>“Could you not go on and on like that, Sieg?!” she said sulkily.</p>

      <p>When it came to our Dungeon diving policies, we were totally out of sync. We’d talked about it that morning, but we still hadn’t come to any real agreement. Not that I was bothered by it. I’d known from the get-go that Lastiara would be difficult to control, so I had no choice but to compromise. Yet if I gave too much ground and indulged her too much, it’d come back to bite me later on. Upon reflection, the ground between the overly proactive Lastiara and my overly passive self was the golden middle. It was best if neither of us was in the driver’s seat.</p>

      <p>“I may have to talk a bunch, but I don’t think anything I’m saying is wrong if we’re gonna be making our way through the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>“Oh sure, so while we’re making our way, you’ll be boring me to tears.”</p>

      <p>“Being correct and being boring go hand in hand. I didn’t come here for a spot of fun.”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t that a breach of contract? I’m helping you with your objective of clearing the Dungeon, so you’ve got a duty to help me with my objective of <em>enjoying</em> the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right. This is a contract. So let’s meet halfway. You can, of course, have your fun. But don’t forget my objective. Try not to go overboard.”</p>

      <p>“Agh...you’ve been stubborn all morning just to give me that warning, huh?”</p>

      <p>If I didn’t remind her, I wouldn’t be able to rest easy. She was a totally different beast from both Dia and Maria.</p>

      <p>“Only because you’re always misbehav—” Just then, <em>Dimension</em> detected a monster approaching. “Never mind, looks like our chat’s over.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, we got company right quick. Wow, though. Your enemy detector sure is convenient.”</p>

      <p>“There are lots of enemies beyond this point. They’re the monkeys we fought yesterday. I’ll run ahead and draw them out, so I need you to jump in later. I’ll tee up the combos.”</p>

      <p>“Do you think I’m a boar or something? Whatever, I’ll follow your lead for now.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s do this!” I cried, rushing in.</p>

      <p>I was running in earnest, yet Lastiara was keeping pace right behind me. When it came to raw stats, she was a rascal I could feel safe around.</p>

      <p>Turning a corner brought the strange monsters into view. The fury noticed our approach and tried to intercept us using its four brawny arms. I slipped past its attack and under its legs to get behind it. It tried to twist its body in order to attack me, but Lastiara didn’t let it. The fury stopped her blade using two of its arms, while the other two reached for me. I dodged and slipped further into its blind spot. It looked behind it in order to not lose track of me, but gave up due to Lastiara. It knew that if it took its eyes off her, it was game over.</p>

      <p>It was then I grew confident that our victory was assured. The moment its arms reached Lastiara, my blade ripped its back, causing the arms that were trying to grab her to stop for a moment. Lastiara didn’t pass up that opportunity—slipping past its arms, she slashed its torso.</p>

      <p>With an enraged bellow, it tried to smash her to pieces, only for me to gash it once again. Naturally, it again stopped moving for a moment. This was its pattern. As long as I was behind it, the fury could never land an attack. It was a trick I could only pull off because <em>Dimension</em> let me grasp how Lastiara and the enemy were moving.</p>

      <p>The fury was trapped in a loop of giving us openings, and Lastiara kept slashing and slashing it until her sword finally pierced its neck. As the finishing blow, I stabbed its heart from behind.</p>

      <p>Shrieking in its death throes, it bled profusely, and before long, it turned into light and faded away.</p>

      <p>“You get hurt at all?” I asked as I picked up its gem.</p>

      <p>“I didn’t even get any blood on me. This is easy street. Honestly, I feel super sorry for that monster. It couldn’t do a thing.”</p>

      <p>“If we go all out, this is the result. I absolutely love mowing them down like so much grass.”</p>

      <p>“I dunno; if we win too handily, it takes the fun out of it,” she said.</p>

      <p>“Don’t worry—Floor 21’s just getting started. Spellcast: <em>Dimension</em>.”</p>

      <p>I expanded my perception magic. The distinct trait of Floor 21 was the overwhelming physical power of the monsters that kept appearing in veritable hordes. And I knew the death shrieks had to have something to do with how that worked. Through <em>Dimension</em>, I had a grasp of all the monsters in the zone. Just as I’d expected, they were all coming this way, notified by their comrade’s final scream.</p>

      <p>“How’s it look?”</p>

      <p>“Exactly as I imagined. If you take down one, the other monsters in the vicinity come a-calling.”</p>

      <p>The day before, I hadn’t had time to spread my sonar field terribly far, but now I could perceive the movements of the Dungeon’s monsters in general.</p>

      <p>“So the more we kill, the more we get surrounded.”</p>

      <p>“In theory. But it’s pointless against me. If I have <em>Dimension</em> active, there’s no way we can get surrounded. Come with me.”</p>

      <p>“Roger that. Are we gonna keep two-v-one’ing them?”</p>

      <p>“For the most part...but if things get annoying, we might just do them in one go. Even if we do get surrounded, this is us we’re talking about, so we’ll be fine.”</p>

      <p>“Of course,” she replied, smiling as she followed me.</p>

      <p>Both Lastiara and I were the stereotypical solo-player types. You could even say she shined when fighting one-versus-many, and that went for me too. We were strong when we cooperated, but that was because our respective strength levels and battle methods were similar. Under normal circumstances, there was no human who could keep up with Lastiara’s moves.</p>

      <p>“In a moment, we’re gonna encounter another fury. This time, I’ve got a feeling we can ambush it from behind.”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. Ah, also, hunting monsters is all well and good, but do head for Floor 22.”</p>

      <p>“If the situation allows, then I will.”</p>

      <p>As it happened, the situation allowed and then some. If we ran at high speed, we’d never get surrounded, barring some calamity. That was why we could have a friendly chat. The Furies that had been such threats the day before were no longer thorns in my side. Their gimmick was horde attacks, and without it, they were easy pickings. We slaughtered them individually and moved ever closer to Floor 22. We did veer from the Pathway and take roundabout routes in order to avoid being surrounded, but we reached the staircase to Floor 22 without a hitch. It took less than an hour to get there, and we killed a dozen or so Furies in the process. It really was like mowing grass or reaping wheat—a methodical process where the human always came out on top.</p>

      <p>Near the staircase, we set about doing our healing while remaining vigilant of our surroundings. Owing to the long string of battles, our clothes were rather ragged by now. While it was easy overall, there were bound to be errors with that many fights in a row.</p>

      <p>“A world unsoiled... Bask in day’s faint light... <em>Full Cure</em>.”</p>

      <p>Thanks to Lastiara, though, we were right as rain. She recited some verses and gathered magic energy before casting the healing spell.</p>

      <p>As my minor injuries healed, I asked her a question. “Hey, Lastiara, is there some point to the poetry leading up to the spell?”</p>

      <p>“Poetry? Oh, the incantation, you mean. Hrm, well, it’s just there to help with the visualization, so it’s not really necessary. I guess it’s basically a habit.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, different people had different habits when it came to the same spells. The ways they visualized them varied, and so did the way they incanted. Maybe that was only natural, given the magic technique itself was inside their bodies.</p>

      <p>“All right, now you’re all healed up.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks.”</p>

      <p>I checked our MP and EXP. I hadn’t done any proper monster hunting since the Tida fight, so I had accumulated a whole bunch of EXP now. As one might expect, the monsters on the deeper floors shelled out worlds more EXP. It wasn’t hurting that I was hunting on a floor that was above the recommended level for me. Because of our phenomenal APT stats, we could fight on floors that were deeper than our levels would otherwise suggest. Since we could do battle with high-ranking monsters while we ourselves were at lower levels, we could rack up EXP quickly.</p>

      <p>“While I’m at it, I might as well level you up too. Stand guard, Sieg.”</p>

      <p>“Will do.”</p>

      <p>She must have seen how much EXP I had too.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Aikawa Kanami</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 321/372</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 334/623-200</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: None</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 7.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 7.45</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 8.55</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 10.92</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 10.88</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 26.91</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 7.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Lastiara Whoseyards</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 670/709</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 283/325</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Hero</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 16</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 11.71</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 11.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 7.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 8.39</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 12.97</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 9.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 4.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I allocated the bonus point to my MP since the amount of MP I could use had grown less reliable due to my having to maintain <em>Connection</em>. I was still holding onto the skill points for later.</p>

      <p>“I’ve got lots of MP left. Why are you down so much MP, anyway?”</p>

      <p>“In order to maintain the gateway, I take a hit of up to 200 MP. Also, my MP’s constantly being depleted from enemy detection. And it takes even more MP for the support magic I use in battle.”</p>

      <p>“Whew, that’s some fuel consumption. You need to economize.”</p>

      <p>“No way. I don’t wanna risk dying on the off chance that skimping on MP gets me killed.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. That’s true; if you die, that’d put me right out.”</p>

      <p>Conversing with Lastiara reminded me about something I’d noticed, and I took the opportunity to bring it up.</p>

      <p>“I’ve been meaning to ask, but what’s that skill you said I had? The ‘Outworlder’ skill.”</p>

      <p>“Hm? I see five skills for you: Swordplay, Ice Magic, Dimensional Magic, Outworlder, and ???. What about it?”</p>

      <p>“What you see as ‘Outworlder’ shows up as ‘???’ for me. Maybe your eyes are higher level than mine? Tell me, does ‘Outworlder’ do something for me or what?”</p>

      <p>“You can ask me, but I don’t know much myself. I’m guessing it’s a sort of signifier that you’re not from this world.”</p>

      <p>“That’s it, huh?”</p>

      <p>As we chatted, we descended to Floor 22.</p>

      <p>I could have searched for a boss monster on Floor 21 if I’d wanted to, but there was little to no concrete information on floors this deep, so I discarded the idea. Vanishingly few of the divers who frequented the pub made it to Floor 20.</p>

      <p>The staircase from Floor 21 to 22 was oddly long, which meant that Floor 22’s ceiling was oddly high.</p>

      <p>“Floor 22. We’re here,” said Lastiara. “I almost died last time, but as a two-person team, it should be easy.”</p>

      <p>“You almost died? Sure, you were alone, but you’re telling me you got driven into a corner by a normal monster?”</p>

      <p>“I reached this floor back when I was under Level 10. I thought it’d be too easy if I got too strong. Boy, that was fun.”</p>

      <p>“You tried clearing these floors at such a low level that casually? Damn, you scare me. You got a death wish or something?”</p>

      <p>Her life was on the line, and yet Lastiara had done a self-handicapping challenge run without batting an eyelid.</p>

      <p>“Oh no, I’d hate to die. However you may see me, I know the value of a life. And watching other people die isn’t my cup of tea either, I guess.”</p>

      <p>“For it not being your cup of tea, you seemed delighted when Maria and I were at death’s door.”</p>

      <p>“Well, I adore when you’re on the <em>verge</em> of death. Don’t worry, I’ll come save you right before you <em>actually</em> die, promise.”</p>

      <p>If Maria had heard that sentence, she’d probably have never spoken a good word about Lastiara again, yet Lastiara had made the remark so coolly. We started traversing Floor 22 as I was still getting over my astonishment at her abnormal values.</p>

      <p>Unlike Floor 21, the corridors of Floor 22 were cramped but tall. To put numbers to it, the walls were a few meters wide but dozens of meters tall. The earlier floors each had their own distinguishing features, but this was the first time things were <em>this</em> different. It could be the case that the deeper the level, the more idiosyncrasies there were.</p>

      <p>As I was pondering the corridors, <em>Dimension</em> spotted an enemy. It was an avian monster. Dungeon monsters capable of flight tended to be small, but this one was an exception. Its body was several meters long, and it sported hawklike wings and talons. It also had three heads, each bearing compound eyes. After taking note of its ferocious canines, I knew I’d have to be careful of both its talons and its fangs.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Rio Eagle: Rank 20</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Lastiara, a bird monster’s coming for us.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that one. If you wound it, it’ll fly away, so kill it in a single blow, would you? Let’s ignore the ones that don’t come down and counter the ones that do.”</p>

      <p>“A monster that flies away? Interesting. You said there are ones that don’t come down—do these things come in swarms too?”</p>

      <p>“Think of them as the monkeys from Floor 21 in bird form. The way to fight them is totally different, but knowing you, you’ll do fine.”</p>

      <p>“Why are you so weirdly confident in me?”</p>

      <p>“Because from where I’m standing, you’re the <em>main character</em>,” she replied profoundly.</p>

      <p>I was about to fire back a quip when I noticed the Rio Eagle gliding towards us. I took my focus off Lastiara and concentrated on the enemy.</p>

      <p>“It’s coming!”</p>

      <p>“Good job being able to tell, what with how dark it is up there.”</p>

      <p>I brandished my blade and engaged the approaching eagle. Lastiara did likewise. The bird beast swooped down at a speed that blew the Furies of the prior floor out of the water, and its talons were aimed at my throat. I stopped the blow with my sword and attempted to cleave the enemy in two right then and there, but the kinetic energy of its descent rocked my body, bending my upper half backward. When I swung for the counterattack, the monster fled past sword range.</p>

      <p>Unable to stop its hit-and-run, I tried following it with my eyes as it gained altitude—and a thrown sword pierced its side. It was Lastiara’s blade.</p>

      <p>The Rio Eagle turned into light and faded away as my companion picked up her sword and the magic gem, smiling.</p>

      <p>“The things are always a pain when it’s one-on-one, but not so much when there are two of us. If one of us parries and the other attacks, they’re easy kills,” she said.</p>

      <p>“So it seems. But that won’t fly if there’s more than one of them.”</p>

      <p>“I guess.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara tossed me the gem. I put it in my inventory.</p>

      <p>“All right, now what?” I asked. “Do we kill more of them?”</p>

      <p>“Nah, the things are real pests. Let’s just give Floor 22 a pass from now on.”</p>

      <p>They certainly were a handful. Not only were they speedy, but their tactics were on point. Taking them on was probably too much of an annoyance to be worth bothering. Normal people wouldn’t be able to see their air raids coming due to how dark the upper portion of the floor was, and even if they could, they wouldn’t be able to put up a defense against the monsters’ blistering speeds. If they managed to block the attack at all, the inertia of the blow meant that counterattacking was no easy feat. And if the counterattack ended up missing, the eagle would fly away only to repeat the whole process. Moreover, from what Lastiara had said, wounding it would only cause it to flee the battle outright. Compared to the other Dungeon monsters thus far, its sheer irksomeness was definitely S-tier.</p>

      <p>“Yeah,” I said, “not a huge fan of these guys either. Without long-distance attacks, they’re just not worth it.”</p>

      <p>“We’re specialized for close-to-midrange combat.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah.”</p>

      <p>As a pair of swordfighters, our only real long-range attack was throwing the blade. If I missed the target, my prized sword would end up who knew where, and carrying a second sword for throwing would slow me down overall. Put simply, we just weren’t cut out for fighting faraway enemies.</p>

      <p>Of course, if I made full use of the inventory system to which I had access, I could devise a means of coping, but I didn’t feel the urge to invest that kind of effort for this monster. If we had Dia with us, it’d be cake, but without him, it was probably better to ignore them. It wasn’t often that Lastiara and I agreed on something, but we did in this case, so we ended up advancing while avoiding Rio Eagles where possible. However, after a few minutes of walking, I found that it wouldn’t go that smoothly.</p>

      <p>“Tch.”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>I’d clicked my tongue after analyzing the information <em>Dimension</em> was giving me. I’d known that by taking down the Rio Eagle, other monsters in the vicinity would come our way. I’d chosen paths that would prevent us from being surrounded, but they were too fast, sealing our avenues of escape. Others were now in the process of encircling us. Two of the things were close, slipping past <em>Dimension</em>.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Lastiara. Two of them are coming for us, one from the front, one from the back.”</p>

      <p>“Nothing for it. If it’s a two-pronged attack, what say we fight back to back for now?”</p>

      <p>“Gotcha. But if we take too long, we’ll get surrounded, so let’s finish them off as quickly as we can. Spellcast: <em>Snowmension. Form.</em>”</p>

      <p><em>Form</em>’s bubbles clung to my sword while <em>Snowmension</em> floated nearby.</p>

      <p>“Those bubbles filled with cold air...I’ve never seen or heard of such a spell. Did you invent it?”</p>

      <p>“I guess you could say that, but it’s more like I combined two spells. It’s a trap-type spell, so don’t touch them. If the monsters hit them, their movements will be dulled, so take advantage of it.”</p>

      <p>“Copy that.”</p>

      <p>Right around the time we finished preparing, the two birds began gliding our way. Lastiara and I were back to back, each of us facing a different foe. I grasped my opponent’s movements using <em>Calculash</em>, succeeding in tracking the monster and stopping the first strike, but the impact made me miss a beat, causing my counterattack to swing uselessly through the air, much to my chagrin. The same thing happened to Lastiara behind me. I did, however, manage to transfer a <em>Form</em> bubble to the Rio Eagle. Thanks to that, my understanding of that one bird ratcheted up immensely, enough so that I was confident I could kill if it came for me again. However, the eagle flew far away, as if to laugh at my hopes.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, what? Sticking a bubble to it is all it takes for it to flee?”</p>

      <p>“These monsters really are cowards. Guess they fly away at the first sign of something being amiss.”</p>

      <p>Worse still, the escaped eagle unleashed a cry from someplace far removed. It was almost definitely calling for backup.</p>

      <p>I expanded <em>Dimension</em> and found that faraway monsters had noticed us, including ones that weren’t Rio Eagles. At this rate, we’d find ourselves fighting a whole host of different kinds of enemies.</p>

      <p>“And now the one that got away’s calling for all sorts of friends too...”</p>

      <p>“I had a feeling. Last time, I just fled at full speed. What do you wanna do?”</p>

      <p>“That’s what I’m pretty much feeling like doing, myself.”</p>

      <p>“Agreed. They’re formidable, but they play dirty, so they’re not that fun to fight.”</p>

      <p>We exchanged glances, nodded, and dashed off, heading towards Floor 23. Because I was choosing which way to go using <em>Dimension</em>, there were only a handful of enemies on the path. Many of the different types of monsters on this floor were cautious by nature, so they ended up fleeing right before we could deal the finishing blow. As a result, we wasted MP for no EXP, which was harsh.</p>

      <p>“Hff... hff...” We had made it to the entrance to Floor 23.</p>

      <p>Lastiara was also panting; she’d clearly lost a lot of stamina. “Ugh, Floor 22’s so annoying.”</p>

      <p>Still catching our breath, we began descending the staircase, Lastiara following me down. The monsters that had been chasing us withdrew. It seemed that monsters couldn’t cross or straddle floors. Then, we walked down the Pathway, but the more we walked, the more stamina it took. We couldn’t seem to adjust our breathing either.</p>

      <p>The reason was simple. The temperature down here was strangely high. If Floor 22’s distinguishing characteristic was its height, Floor 23’s was its heat.</p>

      <p>The front part of her garment aflutter, Lastiara put on a fed-up expression. I could tell she was sweating hundreds of times more than me. Apparently, she was a profuse sweater.</p>

      <p>“It’s so hot! It’s soooo hot, like, for real, though! Sieg, gimme water!”</p>

      <p>“Sure thing.”</p>

      <p>I stuck a hand into my inventory through a pouch and retrieved a leather flask. Lastiara had left it with me that morning. Its make was fairly sturdy.</p>

      <p>Without the least hesitation, she guzzled the water.</p>

      <p><em>Her personality comes out even in how she drinks water</em>, I thought.</p>

      <p>“Hey Lastiara, why is Floor 23 this hot, anyway?”</p>

      <p>“Ngh. It’s because Floor 24’s got a magma flow.”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, magma? Have you seen it?”</p>

      <p>“No, I heard tell from a diver who came to my place to hang out. I don’t know much of anything about what lies beyond Floor 23.”</p>

      <p>“You know a diver who’s been to Floor 24?”</p>

      <p>“He’s a famous one. Glenn Walker. He’s the one they call the strongest diver.”</p>

      <p>Glenn Walker. If I remembered correctly, that was the name of the record holder for deepest dive. “I heard that guy didn’t get past Floor 23 himself.”</p>

      <p>“To be exact, he didn’t build the Pathway past Floor 23.”</p>

      <p>It seemed the record everybody spoke of had to do with how far the Pathway was drawn. Apparently, without that idea in the mix, Mr. Glenn, the strongest diver, could, in fact, go deeper.</p>

      <p>“So that’s why you know your stuff, Lastiara. You heard about it from the world’s top diver.”</p>

      <p>“It’s true that he’s basically my source of information.”</p>

      <p>“What’s he like?” I asked cheerily. It appeared I was easily taken in by the title of “the strongest.” As a lover of video games and adventure, I was quite interested in this Glenn fellow.</p>

      <p>“What’s he like? Uhh...I don’t know how to describe him except to say he’s a pitiful bloke who’s fond of me. No matter where he goes, he leads an interesting life, never able to obtain what he wants...though that kind of life’s not as rough when you’ve some talent.”</p>

      <p>To Lastiara, Glenn Walker belonged in the category of people not blessed by this world. And here I’d thought he could only be the type of guy who was overflowing with raw talent, who was loved by the world and made everything go his way. That was my image of “the strongest.”</p>

      <p>“Huh. Is that right?”</p>

      <p>“He’s faint of heart, he never knows when to give up, and he’s a masochist. He’s a waste of space, but he’s reasonably strong.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, the way you put it, he doesn’t really <em>sound</em> strong.”</p>

      <p>“Well, in actuality, he’s not <em>that</em> crazy strong, so...”</p>

      <p>I could feel my image of the man who stood at the top crumbling inside me. The world’s mightiest wasn’t meeting my expectations. What a dream crusher this world was.</p>

      <p><em>Dimension</em> spotted the end of the Pathway. Due to our being on the Pathway, enemies didn’t come for us, so we progressed smoothly. However, that guiding road finally came to an end and there we stood.</p>

      <p>“So, this is our goalpost. That’s today’s objective complete.”</p>

      <p>I felt somewhat accomplished. At last, I could now say that I was on par with humanity’s present pinnacle.</p>

      <p>“All right!” said Lastiara. “Then our next objective’s Floor 30. I don’t really know what lies beyond this point either, so let’s use your <em>Dimension</em> liberally and dive nice and deep—”</p>

      <p>“Not happening.”</p>

      <p>In terms of time spent, getting here from Floor 20 hadn’t taken very long, but the fatigue had mounted from all the many first-ever encounters and battles. I was loath to travel any deeper into floors unknown in this state. My stamina wouldn’t allow it.</p>

      <p>I related that sentiment to Lastiara, but of course, she remained unconvinced. Our quarrel ended with an agreement to spend the day exploring, but with Floor 23 as the core area. When I told her that without the Pathway to guide the way, we’d have to constantly map out the area, she reluctantly accepted.</p>

      <p>Having come to an accord, we started walking. Drawing on a piece of parchment, I crafted a map of Floor 23 as we went. Thankfully, none of the monsters on this floor were a threat. Perhaps the giant monsters that appeared on Floors 21 and 22 couldn’t live in this kind of heat. The only wrinkle presented by the monsters of Floor 23 was the abundance of those with endurance and staying power. They weren’t troublesome foes in the least. Lastiara’s sheer attack power aided us there. No matter how tough an enemy’s hide, it was meaningless before her raw physical might.</p>

      <p>Putting it all together, I concluded that the obstacle this floor posed was the way in which the heat drained divers’ stamina. Stopped in their tracks by enemies that were specialized for durability, the heat would dehydrate them and rob them of their energy. Upon reflection, it could actually be <em>more</em> problematic than Floors 21 and 22 in that respect.</p>

      <p>“Augh...Sieg...water...”</p>

      <p>Lastiara consumed what felt like gallons of water every few minutes. I was also rehydrating very frequently, but not to her level. Her terrible mileage threatened to give rise to an equally terrible state of affairs for us.</p>

      <p>“Wait, Lastiara, are you <em>sure</em> you’re parched? At this rate, that huge amount of water’s gonna be depleted in no time, you know?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’m bloody well sure! I’m so thirsty, it’s stupid!”</p>

      <p>We’d spent several hours walking around. Lastiara wasn’t yanking my chain; she was pleading for water with a serious expression.</p>

      <p>“If we burn through any more, we’ll be forced to head back.”</p>

      <p>“Did I... Did I really drink that much?”</p>

      <p>“You were chugging the stuff with a hazy look on your face.”</p>

      <p>The speed with which the water was being consumed was so great that it forced us to revise our diving plans. We lacked the water to be able to keep heading to Floor 24.</p>

      <p>“Maybe I’m just a sweaty person?”</p>

      <p>“Looks like it. Without several times more water than planned, it doesn’t look like we can keep diving.”</p>

      <p>I wanted to turn back that second. It was one thing to fail when hit by some unforeseen situation, but I’d really hate it if we failed due to running out of steam in a predictable, preventable way.</p>

      <p>“Aww, going back so soon?”</p>

      <p>“We’d be going waterless here.”</p>

      <p>“Hrm... Damn, guess it can’t be helped then, huh?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara wasn’t pleased, but the thought of diving further without any water put a gloomy look on her face.</p>

      <p>“For what it’s worth, I did get a general grasp of Floor 23, so we’re not empty-handed.”</p>

      <p>“I left all the mapping to you; Can we actually get back using this map?”</p>

      <p>“No worries there.”</p>

      <p>So long as I had my dimensional magic, the concept of getting lost didn’t apply. Moreover, I was confident in my memory, and just for caution’s sake, I’d recorded the layout of the avenues without the Pathway running through them on my parchment. Ill-prepared I was not. Since Lastiara had been roaming around with a fuzzy awareness of her surroundings, she clearly didn’t know the way back, which made her anxious. To dispel her unease, I retraced our steps with sure-footed strides.</p>

      <p>While it was a bit half-cocked, our endpoint today was midway through Floor 23. But going by the potential goal of one new floor per day, the day’s dive was a rousing success. We headed for the <em>Connection</em> portal on Floor 20. We were attacked by plenty of monsters on the way back, but they were all manageable so it was no problem. There <em>was</em> one problem, however, and it lay on the floor that was supposed to be empty—Floor 20.</p>

      <p><em>Dimension</em> picked up on something, so before entering, I used my magic to examine the situation. Lying in wait were a young knight and a wolf with a bluish coat of fur. Given she’d made it to Floor 20, she was likely one of the Seven Celestial Knights. I expanded my perception field from my spot on Floor 21 and used Analyze on the girl.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Ragne Kyquora</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 152/153</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 34/34</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 16</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 3.22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 3.91</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 11.23</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 5.22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 7.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 1.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Magic Power Manipulation 2.11</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 0.52, Holy Magic 1.02</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Sera Radiant</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 252/256</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 43/101</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 6.23</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 7.92</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 8.89</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 10.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 5.60</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 7.77</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.57</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The knight was named Ragne and the wolf was called Sera.</p>

      <p>“Wait, that wolf’s Ms. Radiant?”</p>

      <p>“Sieg, what’re you doing just standing there?”</p>

      <p>“I mean, there’s a wolf that seems to be Ms. Radiant on Floor 20. And a kid named Ragne too.”</p>

      <p>“So, two of the girls from my crib. Break a leg, Sieg.”</p>

      <p>“Sure. I don’t feel like I’m gonna lose, but still...”</p>

      <p>Lastiara probably thought they were nothing special, and truth be told, I was with her on that. We ascended to Floor 20 with a breezy mood. When we entered the room, the knight who’d taken up position at the center bowed to us. It was the same as yesterday.</p>

      <p>“Milady,” said the knight with a short-cut hairstyle, “you unharmed?”</p>

      <p>She was a vivacious girl who stood a tad shorter than me. I wouldn’t call her an unsurpassed beauty, but her face was well-proportioned with an age-appropriate level of cuteness. She wore a high-quality short-sleeved shirt and an oddly long skirt, atop which a loincloth was coiled many times over, making her bottom half look quite heavy.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, Raggie,” said Lastiara.</p>

      <p>Since she looked younger than me, I figured I’d call her Raggie too.</p>

      <p>“So, Raggie,” Lastiara continued, “what brings you here?”</p>

      <p>“Old man Hopes told me the boy would be around Floor 20 on a dive.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, so that’s what this is about.” I heard Lastiara add, “Old man, we didn’t need this...” under her breath.</p>

      <p>“Honestly, I just wanted to kick back at the cathedral,” said Ragne, smiling wryly as she looked at the wolf beside her. The wolf barked. “Huh? Ah, yes, yes, I’ll do it. I’ll do it now.” She drew her sword.</p>

      <p>I addressed Lastiara in a low voice. “I can call that wolf Ms. Radiant, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. Serry’s got lots of semifer in her blood. Looks like she’s talking to Raggie through magic. I’ve got my eyes, so it’s an open book to me, but let’s have some fun by pretending we don’t know.”</p>

      <p>“Sure...I guess.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t want to get into it and get my ear talked off. This was probably Lastiara’s way of hiding her cards, so I let it go. I drew my sword and stood in front of her. Raggie reacted by taking what looked like a note or memo out from inside the breast of her clothing. She started reading it aloud.</p>

      <p>“Err, ahem. My name is Lady Knight Ragne Kyquora, and I challenge Siegfried Vizzita to a duel over our lady. The rules are the same as when the duel was conducted with Sera Radiant. Now let’s have ourselves a fair fight and junk.”</p>

      <p>Wow was her heart not in it. To draw an analogy, it kind of felt like a senpai dragging their underclassman to a sports-focused afterschool club activity.</p>

      <p>“Sounds good. Except there’s one thing I’d like you to change. Could you add in that if I win, you guys won’t bring the other knights to me?”</p>

      <p>Raggie nodded readily. “Ah, yeah that’s fine. Also, if we can, let’s end the duel as soon as there’s an injury. Don’t wanna get hurt bad for something like this.”</p>

      <p>“Of course. That works for me.”</p>

      <p>It seemed she wasn’t as invested as Ms. Radiant. The wolf beside her growled. It was giving Raggie a fright, so I wanted her to stop.</p>

      <p>“So then, do we wanna start?” asked Ragne.</p>

      <p>“Sure, we can start,” I replied.</p>

      <p>Ragne was about to brandish her extravagant one-handed sword, which didn’t suit her style, when—</p>

      <p>“Please, wait a second,” Lastiara interrupted.</p>

      <p>I shifted my attention to her, not knowing her reasons for cutting in.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>