<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“It appears it’s still no use, so I’ll go home. Sorry to keep you two...”</p>

      <p>The smile plastered onto her pale face was uncanny. I had no idea what emotion was spurring it. I didn’t know what to say, so Lastiara replied instead.</p>

      <p>“Yep, see you later, Mar-Mar. Today, I’m feeling like eating meat. Make me something bland. You know, the stuff common folk take big ol’ bites out of. Thanks.”</p>

      <p>“Sure thing, miss. I’ll make you a delicious meal and wait for your return.”</p>

      <p>The two were smiling at each other, and I was failing to understand how their nerves were wired.</p>

      <p>Maria crossed through the gateway and returned home, leaving me with Lastiara on the twentieth floor. My companion did some light stretching.</p>

      <p>“Phew. That was fun, wasn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“What part of that was fun? I was in a cold sweat.”</p>

      <p>“Now that she’s got that fire sword spell, she’ll be fine even if Floor 21 monsters approach her. That makes her safer than before, no?”</p>

      <p>“I’m more scared that she does have a means of attack, given how half-cocked it is. I had more peace of mind when she couldn’t do anything.”</p>

      <p>Though Maria had obtained a powerful suite of spells, her stats still weren’t the equal of Floor 21. She couldn’t keep up with the Furies’ agility. She couldn’t take or block their attacks. Needless to say, one slipup and she was toast. I could hardly just sit back and watch.</p>

      <p><em>Damn you, Alty... </em>Her meddling was the last thing I needed. I sighed and walked towards the staircase to Floor 21.</p>

      <p>Lastiara followed me. “Shall we aim for Floor 30 today, then?”</p>

      <p>“Nah, I’d rather hunt monsters at length on Floor 21...”</p>

      <p>“So, you feel the enemies are strong enough to necessitate level grinding?”</p>

      <p>“Not really, but...” I didn’t feel like the monsters were quite that strong. I had yet to take a clean hit, for one.</p>

      <p>“If you’re gonna level grind, do it after we get a bit deeper. Won’t it be easier to grind if you first determine the level of the enemy that’ll be your next goalpost?”</p>

      <p>“I mean, yeah, but...it’s all in how you say it...”</p>

      <p>Lastiara just wanted to plumb the depths of the Dungeon, so she’d come up with a pretext to do so. I caved to her enthusiasm and nodded. It was true that I sensed no real danger from these enemies.</p>

      <p>“All right, you win,” I said.</p>

      <p>“Now we’re talking!”</p>

      <p>We ventured further into the Dungeon. Nothing of note happened on the way to Floor 23. That floor didn’t house many different types of enemies, so we didn’t encounter any new ones and kept going down the Pathway. Needless to say, we avoided monsters as best we could so as to preserve our strength for exploring Floor 24. Yet we couldn’t seem to find the staircase.</p>

      <p>“It’s not there either...”</p>

      <p>“Nope... Rrgh, that’s so aggravating...”</p>

      <p>Given this was our second time on Floor 23, we’d thought that we’d find the staircase to the next floor fairly quickly, but the reality was not so accommodating. We wandered around for a good hour with nothing to show for it. Lastiara’s frustration was mounting.</p>

      <p>“Sieg! Spread your detection magic out wider!”</p>

      <p>“I dunno...”</p>

      <p>That was a last resort. At the moment, I had <em>Dimension</em> covering an area of only a few meters. Depending on the situation, I even turned it off altogether at times. I only used it to scout out the area once in a while, and I wasn’t using it for anything besides identifying monsters in the vicinity. This was both to conserve MP and because I didn’t think all this wandering was a bad thing. We didn’t know where we were going, but I was filling in the map and fighting reasonable battles all the while. It was eating up my time, sure, but we were at least filling up on EXP and money. And thus, I was taking nice, safe baby steps towards my Great Return.</p>

      <p>Lastiara, however, felt differently. The heat and mugginess of Floor 23 was making her irritation reach a boiling point.</p>

      <p>“This is just a waste of time! At this rate, we’ll run out of water again!”</p>

      <p>“Guess it can’t be helped, huh...”</p>

      <p>If I let things go on this way, there was no knowing what Lastiara would get up to. Besides, I <em>was</em> thinking of tackling one new floor per day. Utilizing <em>Layered Dimension</em>, I spotted the next staircase. It was easy from there; it took less than ten minutes for us to reach it.</p>

      <p>“Finally, the next stairc—?!” Lastiara started to say as we descended.</p>

      <p>The second we stepped down, our breaths caught. We were hit by the vastness of the space. Up until now, the Dungeon had been a labyrinth with the only large open spaces being the boss chambers. Yet Floor 24 bucked that standard. Gone were the corridors, replaced by a spacious room not unlike Floors 10 and 20. That was not to say the view was unobstructed. It was shaped like a cave with pillars of stone. Even more striking were the bubbling rivers of lava.</p>

      <p>Floor 23’s heat had been difficult for the ordinary person to bear, but this was downright lethal. In fact, your average person probably wouldn’t be able to breathe here. It was only because our leveled-up stats had strengthened our bodies that we could so much as remain standing.</p>

      <p>“S-Sieg...”</p>

      <p>“What?”</p>

      <p>“You’ll find the staircase with your sonar, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah...”</p>

      <p>Neither of us wanted to remain here for very long. I magnified <em>Dimension</em> to a zoomed-out view and searched for the staircase. I couldn’t find it. The radius was a kilometer wide, so the staircase was farther still. It seemed we’d have to advance some distance before I could ascertain its position.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, the staircase isn’t close by. Let’s dive a bit deeper.”</p>

      <p>“Yuh...” said Lastiara, unable to even reply properly. She was a waterfall of sweat, and she needed to find the staircase posthaste.</p>

      <p>We picked up our speed and ventured deeper, avoiding the killer lava as we went. Luckily, monsters were few and far between on this floor, so the lava was all we had to worry about, and we were able to progress without bumping into any other obstacles.</p>

      <p>We’d made it around five hundred meters from the starting point when I stopped in my tracks to use <em>Dimension</em> once more.</p>

      <p>“I’m launching my sonar again,” I said, concentrating on my magic as I handed Lastiara more water.</p>

      <p>“Yuh...”</p>

      <p>It was then it happened—right when we’d stopped paying much attention to our surroundings. A sound like the popping of a bubble, blasting us from close by.</p>

      <p>“What the—?!”</p>

      <p>Seizing on us having dropped our guard, a monster leaped out from beneath the nearby lava. It was lizardlike in appearance, but it was dozens of times the size of lizards from my world. In its leap, it descended on Lastiara, attempting to rend her flesh with its claws. She evaded its attack just in time. Her astounding reflexes also allowed her to dodge the lava that had scattered around when the lizard had jumped out of the river. I was stupefied but relieved she had managed to sidestep it all.</p>

      <p>The lizard thing distanced itself as it exhaled a visible miasma, and it was glaring our way. I used Analyze on it.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Poison Salamander: Rank 23</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>It had the English word “poison” in its name, so I kept in mind the possibility that it could poison its enemies. Most suspicious was its miasma breath.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara! Chances are its breath is poisonous! Stop breathing for a little while!”</p>

      <p>“Sorry...I already breathed in a ton of it.”</p>

      <p>She was closer to the thing, standing amid the breath particles permeating the air. Though she’d staved off its claws and lava spray, she hadn’t been able to hold her breath on the spur of the moment. I checked her menu.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【CONDITION】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Poison 1.00</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Looking more closely, I saw that Lastiara’s complexion was horrid. Already weakened by the extreme heat, she had now been hit with poison. Lastiara was a beast, but this was rough even for her. In order to ease her burden, I slashed at the Poison Salamander at top speed, but the monster slipped away by jumping back into the lava—doing so only after emitting more miasma as a parting gift.</p>

      <p>Now that it had come to this, we were left with no other avenues of attack. We couldn’t even approach because of the lava. I was forced to use <em>Dimension</em> just to pinpoint its location, but even that was thwarted, as <em>Dimension</em> couldn’t probe the flowing lava very well. For the time being, I covered my mouth with my cloak and went to my companion, who was looking like death warmed over.</p>

      <p>“Dammit!” I said. “We can’t do anything once it’s submerged. Are you gonna be all right with that poison?”</p>

      <p>“Ugh, my head’s kinda spinning. Maybe it’s the heat, but the poison’s even rougher than normal... But it’s okay—I’ll heal right away with magic. <em>To illusion the waters cascade, the blood ne’er to return</em>,” she incanted.</p>

      <p>To prevent her from healing her poison, not one but two salamanders jumped out from beneath the lava. I drew a spare blade from my inventory and drove both away from her. I tried attacking them, but they escaped back into lava, once again breathing some miasma as a parting shot. A venomous mist enveloped our surroundings.</p>

      <p>“<em>Cure</em>!” Lastiara finished incanting, but the spell was futile. The miasma just caused her to get poisoned anew.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, if we don’t shake these guys off, you won’t be able to heal properly. Let’s run.”</p>

      <p>“Frustrating, but yeah, you’re right. I’m confident I can bring the things down during our next encounter, though.”</p>

      <p>“There’s no guarantee there’re only two of them. <em>Dimension</em>’s having a tough time detecting what’s in the lava, so I don’t know how many there are.”</p>

      <p>“Then I guess there’s no helping it.”</p>

      <p>We started running the way we’d come, but the Poison Salamanders had different ideas. Their attack was foreseeable; I used my sword to slash the one that turned up. As long as they weren’t in the lava, I could respond to them even if they were in my blind spot.</p>

      <p>We endured the poison coursing through our bodies and kept running. We might have run all the way to the safety zone that was Floor 20 had the area around the staircase connecting Floors 23 and 24 not had so few enemies and so little lava to worry about. We decided to carry out our healing there.</p>

      <p>“<em>Full Cure</em>. And another <em>Full Cure </em>for you!”</p>

      <p>That ridded us of the poison and topped off our HP at the cost of a swath of MP. And I wasn’t in tip-top shape myself in that regard.</p>

      <p>“We’re both down too much MP... How about we call it a day? If we go back now, I can set up a <em>Connection</em> door right here and we can be home in a second.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, guess we should.”</p>

      <p>I thought Lastiara might be difficult about it, but she was oddly compliant. It seemed it wasn’t just her MP, but also her stamina that was greatly diminished thanks to the poison.</p>

      <p>She stood watch while I crafted the <em>Connection</em> spell. Then, we passed through the hastily made portal, and thus, our day of diving was at an end.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“You’re back so soon.”</p>

      <p>Just like the day before, we scurried home to find Maria in the middle of cooking. She’d apparently gotten right to the housework after getting back.</p>

      <p>“Let’s just say it’s not going as we would’ve liked,” I griped.</p>

      <p>“I can tell,” she replied, letting out a quiet laugh and pointing at our clothes, where we had scorch marks and tears here and there. She must have concluded we’d been chased home early, and she wasn’t wrong.</p>

      <p>Lastiara quickly threw away her damaged attire and changed into a different set. She didn’t take off her undergarments, but I had to look away anyway, so I would have preferred that she did it elsewhere. A disconcerted Maria hastened to stuff her into an adjoining room. Afterwards, a freshly clothed Lastiara heaved a sigh and took a seat at the table in the center of the living room.</p>

      <p>“Phew-ee, it was <em>so</em> hot. I’m pooped! It was <em>SO</em> hot.”</p>

      <p>Evidently, the sweltering heat of Floors 23 and 24 was her Achilles’ heel. She slumped over the table languidly.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, I’m gonna go buy items to ward off the heat. Wanna come with me?”</p>

      <p>If we were going to face those floors again, there were a bunch of things we had to stock up on. I also wanted to gather more information on the lava zone, so I wasn’t about to stay home all day.</p>

      <p>“Might as well go with you.” She staggered to her feet.</p>

      <p>“Hey, you don’t gotta overstrain yourself. I can buy you whatever you tell me to buy...”</p>

      <p>“That’s okay; it’s not like I can’t move at all.”</p>

      <p>So we headed out, seen off by Maria, who was still preparing our meal. We made the rounds at several shops to purchase what we needed, then hit up pubs and libraries to find out how to clear the lava zone. The shopping went smoothly, but we couldn’t get much decent information regarding the latter. No matter who we asked, the only thing we heard back was not to go near the lava zone. The same went for the books and documents we checked. There was nothing that seemed helpful on that front.</p>

      <p>Our one lead now was the strongest diver, Glenn. He was an acquaintance of Lastiara’s, after all. But she shot that down. According to her, he wasn’t that easy to meet with. Ultimately, we concluded that the way to clear the lava zone was to ignore the monsters and just keep running.</p>

      <p>Once we were done with our errands, I was about to start heading home when she proposed the following.</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah! Seeing as it’s a lava zone, maybe that Alty girl can do something? She is a fire boss monster, isn’t she?”</p>

      <p>It was an idea that had occurred to me, in a corner of my mind, but I’d dismissed it. I was stumped for a reply. I wanted to avoid interacting with her as much as possible, probably because of the hell that her fellow Guardian Tida had shown me. However, it was true that the idea was a valid one. It was almost like she was a character who was made for this very trial. If this were a video game, I’d go talk to Alty without a second thought. But since this wasn’t a video game, I couldn’t bring myself to do it.</p>

      <p>“Alty, huh...”</p>

      <p>“Not a fan? And here I thought it was a capital idea. Something wrong?”</p>

      <p>It was more than a capital idea. It was most likely the only way forward. And since we’d ended our dive early, we even had time to go to Alty’s abode on Floor 10. Moreover, I wanted to ask her about those spells she’d taught Maria. I had no basis for shooting down Lastiara’s suggestion, so I reluctantly agreed.</p>

      <p>“You’ve got a point. Let’s go...”</p>

      <p>Since our MP was in a bad spot, we decided to head to Floor 10 the easy way, through the Dungeon entrance. As long as we walked along the Pathway, we were safe.</p>

      <p>Sure enough, we reached the burning chamber of Floor 10 without any issues to speak of. As before, I spoke to the flames after making sure there were no other divers around.</p>

      <p>“Alty! Can you talk?!” I shouted unreservedly, my call echoing.</p>

      <p>“Yep, I can talk,” she replied instantly, the flames swaying as her cute girly voice sounded through them. “Can I help ya, Sieg, Lastiara?”</p>

      <p>I’d never get used to this. I lowered my voice and told her concisely about the day’s events and what the Dungeon was throwing at us.</p>

      <p>“We’ve hit a bit of a wall. It’s about Floor 24...”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, I see. I get the picture. You can leave it to me. I’ll teach ya a spell that’ll let you avoid the lava. I’ll teach ya one to protect your bodies from the heat too. I’m sure those temperatures are lethal to you humans.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks much, Alty! I was so sick of that heat!”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t quite as enthused as Lastiara. My misgivings hadn’t been cleared away. There was more to discuss.</p>

      <p>“So, Alty, who’re you gonna teach those spells to? If you could, teach me—”</p>

      <p>“I can’t do you or Lastiara.”</p>

      <p>“What? Why not?!”</p>

      <p>“You’re not cut out for it. I’m not trying to razz you or anything, you’re just too specialized for dimensional magic. It wouldn’t work.”</p>

      <p>I’d gotten a vague feeling that was the case back when I’d bought those gems at the shop. I lacked the aptitude for anything besides dimensional magic, and there was the distinct possibility that I could never acquire new spells outside of that.</p>

      <p>I gnashed my teeth. “All right, then why can’t Lastiara learn them?”</p>

      <p>“She hasn’t got the blank space left,” stated the fire-mouth. “She’s already complete, so it’s a no-go. Surely you must know that too, Lastiara?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara was taken aback, but she confirmed what Alty said. “Wow, how’d you know? It’s true, I can’t learn new spells. There’s no space in my blood to etch anything else.”</p>

      <p>That was the first I’d heard of it; I was even more surprised than she was.</p>

      <p>“That’s why,” Lastiara said to me, “I’m thinking of having Mar-Mar learn them. What do you think?”</p>

      <p>Oh no, oh no, oh no. She had to be joking. That was an awful idea. I’d been under the impression that Lastiara and I were all-around great at everything. I never would have suspected we had so little wiggle room when it came to magic. But I soon sorted out my feelings and reset my heart, since there was someone else I could rely on magic-wise.</p>

      <p>“Forget about Maria. If you can...please teach Dia instead. You remember him, right, Alty? Maria’s no good. She’s not suited to the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>For a second, I hesitated to nominate Dia, but I wanted to prevent Maria from strengthening her arsenal of abilities, even if it meant Lastiara learning about Dia. Ideally, Lastiara and Dia would first meet in a scenario that was carefully and deliberately orchestrated by me, but I couldn’t say that.</p>

      <p>“No can do,” said Alty. “I’m gonna teach Mar-Mar.”</p>

      <p>“Why?!”</p>

      <p>“Why? Because Mar-Mar’s got feelings for you, obviously. And I need to cheer her romance on. I won’t dwell on whether her infatuation’s pure or impure, mind you.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry...what?”</p>

      <p>Now she was dropping bombs on me. For a moment, my head went blank. Unable to process Alty’s words, I couldn’t think of what to say. Alty, for her part, simply ignored my confusion and carried on.</p>

      <p>“I’m rooting for her unrequited love as a Guardian. And if you could, Siegfried Vizzita, my ally, I’d like you to help me out with that.”</p>

      <p>But I wasn’t in the headspace to reply to her request. “Maria’s got feelings for me?”</p>

      <p>I tried to comprehend those words, but my brain was refusing to. I didn’t want to acknowledge it. I couldn’t believe it. I didn’t want to.</p>

      <p>When I’d first talked to her, Maria had basically called me the worst. She’d been rebellious and defiant, exhibiting not one iota of romantic interest in me. The whole time, she’d been biting and cheeky towards me. It wasn’t the way a girl in love behaved. And she was the one out of all the people here I’d spent the most time with—so if I hadn’t sensed that she liked me that way, it could only mean she didn’t. No way, no how. Not a chance!</p>

      <p>“Alty, how could you?!” said Lastiara merrily. “Mar-Mar worked so hard to hide her feelings! To give it all away in a place like this!”</p>

      <p>“Think about it, Lastiara. There are couples out there who only came together through the meddling of a third party. At the very least, I don’t get anything out of watching a girl acting selfless for the rest of her life by working for his needs and never confessing.”</p>

      <p>“But I <em>do</em>!” said Lastiara. “I love the kind of endless, irritating crush that they can’t bring themself to do anything about!”</p>

      <p>“That just means you’re messed up. It seems our proclivities differ.”</p>

      <p>Their back-and-forth was entering my ears, and Lastiara wasn’t denying that Maria liked me. If anything, she was talking like it was a given—like she’d known for ages but never said anything. Did that mean that from where Lastiara was standing, there was no doubt about it? And if so, what was the correct response from me? How should I reply? Should I give my primary consideration to what I stood to lose or gain? Or should I put managing my own stress levels before that? Or should I put the ethics of it and Maria’s feelings above all else?</p>

      <p>No, that was all wrong. It was wrong, wrong, wrong. My objective was to get back home. My primary consideration had to go to my Great Return. I had a reason to return. A reason I tried not to think about. A reason I danced around so I didn’t plunge into abyssal depths. But a reason all the same.</p>

      <p>If I didn’t get back home... If I didn’t, if I couldn’t, then my only family, my little sister, my Hitaki—</p>

      <p><em>No. No, don’t go there.</em></p>

      <p>If I went there, I wouldn’t be able to restrain myself. And if that happened, it’d be my first day in this world all over again. My “???” skill would keep triggering. Of course, I could trigger it now to regain my composure by force. While I was scared of what would happen if my Confusion reached 10.00, one activation of ??? wouldn’t make it cross that point. I’d been good over the past few days, and the number had gotten low enough to where that was the case.</p>

      <p>If I let it trigger, then all of my emotions would settle down, enabling me to work out the most logical solution. And that would help to effect my Great Return.</p>

      <p>It would help, but my body turned stiff. I couldn’t think of going in that direction as an okay thing for a person to do. If I forcibly switched to pure logic mode, I’d certainly never try to come to grips with Maria’s crush. After all, thinking about it rationally and coldly, it wasn’t necessary in any way with regard to my Great Return. If I activated ???, a girl’s crush would be pulverized for the dumbest reason, and that would be disgusting and two-faced of me. If it was really true that Maria had feelings for me, I had to face up to that by my own strength of character. I’d been alive for a decade and a half or so, and that wasn’t much life experience, but that was the answer my psyche gave to me, which dammed the flow of confusion and kept it from growing.</p>

      <p>This was nothing I couldn’t endure. This was no emergency. I took a deep breath and composed myself.</p>

      <p>Alty didn’t fail to notice. “Looks like you calmed down,” she said, impressed.</p>

      <p>I endeavored to remain calm. “I didn’t, not really. You startled me.”</p>

      <p>“Well, you look calm to me.”</p>

      <p>“In any case, I now know that Maria might have a crush on me. And I know you’re not backing down either. So it can’t be helped. I’ve got no intention of getting in the way of your wish, and teaching Maria more magic’s fine by me too. That said, I’d like you to teach Dia as well. My current policy is to keep Maria away from Dungeon stuff.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, all right. I’ll teach Dia too. They are my disciples, after all.”</p>

      <p>“D-Disciples?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve actually been meeting up with them a ton behind your back. It’s gotten to the point where they call me ‘Teach’ now.”</p>

      <p>She had dropped yet another bomb on me, and I was on the verge of succumbing to confusion again, but I managed to keep my wits about me.</p>

      <p>“Also, uh... Also, just keep in mind the chances of Maria’s love becoming requited are slim. I’m not as cold on her as Franrühle, but I still haven’t got feelings for her. Maria doesn’t even enter into the picture for me; I haven’t got that kinda time on my hands. I need to get to the deepest level of the Dungeon, and fast. Only then I can think about other things.”</p>

      <p>“That’s what I thought you’d say. But it’s not like I’m trying to force you two together. The feelings of both parties are very important.”</p>

      <p>“Good. Let’s not force things. You’re okay with that, right?”</p>

      <p>“The okayest.”</p>

      <p>And with that, that hurdle was behind me. I managed to keep from getting truly shaken and bogged down by this weird side stuff. Now the conversation turned to when Alty would teach the two, but Lastiara poked her nose into it from behind.</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh. So, Sieg, what is Mar-Mar to you at the end of the day?” Lastiara asked.</p>

      <p>“What is she to me? I like her as a friend and companion. But she’s a lot younger than me, and I’ve never thought of her that way.”</p>

      <p>“Really now. And when we get home, are you gonna tell her that?”</p>

      <p>“No. It’s not a hundred percent guarantee she does feel that way about me. All we know for sure is that it looks that way to you two. If I told her that and she replied she didn’t see me that way, that’d make things between us embarrassing and awkward.”</p>

      <p>“I dunno, I think it <em>is</em> a hundred percent guaranteed.”</p>

      <p>“If Maria ever confesses to me, I’ll tell her. Otherwise, I won’t. I’ll act towards her the same as I have up till now.”</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh, sure...” She read between the lines even as she nodded and nodded. A little while later, she continued, a radiant grin on her face, “That answer is so Sieg. And I don’t hate it. It’s more tasty drama to me.” Her smile was infuriating. She seemed extremely satisfied.</p>

      <p>Alty, on other hand, not so much. “Pshaw...”</p>

      <p>“Alty?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, it’s nothing. Never mind. Let’s talk about the spells. When should I teach them by?”</p>

      <p>“Err, uhh, as quickly as possible, I guess. That’d be a big help for us.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, okay. In that case...”</p>

      <p>Alty would teach Maria and Dia the spells in a day or two. I was sure it wouldn’t take those too much time to acquire them. We settled the particulars, and then I thanked Alty before turning my back on Floor 10.</p>

      <p>“Thanks for everything, Alty. Right, well, be seeing you.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, see ya, Sieg,” she said. “I’ve got high hopes for you,” she muttered.</p>

      <p>Alty’s wish weighed heavily on my heart. It was stifling, suffocating. I didn’t want to spare any thought for romance, but here was Alty with the pointed reminder of our deal.</p>

      <p>On our way to the surface, Lastiara probed me for all sorts of information. I managed to dodge answering most of her grilling, but since I’d brought up Dia’s name, that was the only subject I couldn’t avoid giving her the skinny on. Since I knew I couldn’t hide it anymore, I told her about Dia without fudging anything.</p>

      <p>“Wow,” said Lastiara. “So before you joined forces with me or Mar-Mar, it was you and this Dia kid.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I wasn’t hiding it from you. I just didn’t know when he’d get discharged from the hospital he’s at now, so I hesitated to tell you about him. He’s a kid who’s packing a ton of magic power.”</p>

      <p>“A mage that you have that much faith in, huh?”</p>

      <p>“Yep. He’s a top-tier mage. He may be too low-level now, but I think he’ll catch up to us soon enough. He’s got the talent to do so.”</p>

      <p>In terms of raw stats, he had even Lastiara beat. And most importantly, he had a great personality. That was a trait you couldn’t overvalue.</p>

      <p>“Someone with talent on our level isn’t someone you see every day,” said Lastiara. “Not by a long shot.”</p>

      <p>“Too true.”</p>

      <p>“I’m saying your standards are a little generous. I know...I’ll go take a look at him and give you my assessment.” She started walking forward. “That’ll be best.”</p>

      <p>It seemed she wanted me to introduce her to Dia before tomorrow. It was pointless to object, given they would meet someday anyway. And since we had time on our hands, we headed for Dia’s hospital.</p>

      <p>As I led the way, I tried to dial down Lastiara’s heart-pounding anticipation. The building wasn’t too far. It took less than an hour to get there from the Dungeon’s entrance in Vart.</p>

      <p>I walked the same path to Dia’s room as before, but I noticed something had changed about our surroundings. The hallways felt really well-ventilated. And that was because the walls were riddled with holes.</p>

      <p>This remodeling was too avant-garde for me, but I pressed on to Dia’s ward—which was in an even more disastrous state. There were holes everywhere, covered by simple planks. The floor and walls were charred black in places, and the furniture and instruments were no more than wreckage. Gone was the cleanliness and sense of security that had characterized the room when I’d visited Dia last.</p>

      <p>And as if nothing had changed, Dia was there, sitting in bed.</p>

      <p>“Dia...”</p>

      <p>“That you, Sieg?!”</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, Dia. So, what happened?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, you mean to this room? Sorry, thanks to this, it looks like I need to pay repair fees. Do you mind taking from my share and paying at the desk for me?”</p>

      <p>“That’s no biggie. It is your money, so it’s only proper. Never mind the money, though; can you tell me what happened?”</p>

      <p>“Uhh...an enemy attack?”</p>

      <p>Why was he asking me? “An enemy came? To the hospital?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it was that Alty. I fought with the monster who was behind Tida when we battled it.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see.”</p>

      <p>That would explain the mess. But I couldn’t imagine Alty picking a fight with Dia. The reverse, on the other hand...</p>

      <p>“Did Alty come at you or what?”</p>

      <p>“Err...truth is, she didn’t actually attack me. All this damage is my fault.”</p>

      <p>“I knew it...”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. We came to an understanding, but by then, the room was in this state.”</p>

      <p>“Nah, it was unavoidable. I never told you about Alty. Anyway, I heard you learned a bunch of magic? She told me.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, she taught me loads! Now I can adjust the firepower of <em>Flame Arrow</em>, plus I got the hang of holy magic again. I’m a different Dia now!”</p>

      <p>“Nice...”</p>

      <p>I wasn’t sure how much adjusting Dia needed to do, given his inexhaustible pool of MP. Practically speaking, he could always fire at full power, but I supposed it was better to be able to adjust it than not.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee,” said Dia, glowing at my praise. Then his face stiffened. He saw who was behind me, and he turned paler and paler.</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? What’re you doing here?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara waved. “Long time no see, Mr. Sith.” Lastiara had reverted to the formal register she used with the knights. It looked as though they knew each other already.</p>

      <p>“Wha...huh, but, why...what brings you here, Ms. Lastiara?”</p>

      <p>On the outside, Lastiara was meek and mild, but inside she was having a party. Dia’s composure was the opposite of hers. Flustered, he got to his feet while still atop the bed, assuming a war stance.</p>

      <p>“I’m surprised myself,” said Lastiara. “I never would have guessed I would meet you in a place like this, Mr. Sith.”</p>

      <p>“Ms. Lastiara, don’t tell me you’re here to drag me back?!”</p>

      <p>“Please calm down. I am here as Sieg’s companion, that’s all. Nothing more, nothing less,” she said gently.</p>

      <p>“You’re Sieg’s companion?!”</p>

      <p>While Dia seemed ready to fire off an attack spell at a moment’s notice, Lastiara approached him and took his hand tenderly in hers.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I am. Therefore, no such thing as what you’re fearing will happen. Please be at ease.”</p>

      <p>“R-Really?”</p>

      <p>“Really.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara smiled at him softly. Dia released the tension in his muscles. Lastiara’s performance was as impeccable as ever; she’d melted his guard in no time flat.</p>

      <p>“Dia,” I said, finding my cue to reenter the conversation, “it’s true that Lastiara is my companion. But I’m surprised. I didn’t know you two were acquainted. How do you know each other?” I asked, looking at their faces.</p>

      <p>Lastiara was about to reply when Dia interjected hastily.</p>

      <p>“W-We’re from the same hometown! Not that we know each other that well!”</p>

      <p>His response seemed way too artificial and forced. I glanced at Lastiara to see if it was true. For a second, she had a weird expression on her face, but it quickly gave way to her usual jovial smile.</p>

      <p>“Exactly,” she said. “We’re just acquaintances from the same town.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, what she said—But Miss Lastiara, I go by Dia here, so please call me that instead.”</p>

      <p>“I see. As you wish, Mr. Dia.”</p>

      <p>Their conversation felt off, but I didn’t bother pressing them. From what I could see, Dia didn’t want the truth to get out, and I didn’t want to put him out if I could help it. I pretended not to notice.</p>

      <p>“It’s cool you’re acquaintances. After all, I think you’re gonna become fellow Dungeon diving mates.”</p>

      <p>Dia offered Lastiara a handshake. “A companion of Sieg’s,” he said shrilly, “is a companion of mine! You don’t gotta be pay me any mind, and you can drop the ‘Mister.’”</p>

      <p>“You’re quite right. Since we’re companions, I suppose I shall not be speaking so formally. It’s nice to meetcha, Dee-Dee.” She shook hands with him, gripping him forcefully and not letting go.</p>

      <p>“D-Don’t call me <em>that</em>. I... I’m a boy, so just call me Dia, if you could!”</p>

      <p>In his panic, he swung the hand that Lastiara had in her grip vigorously. She didn’t let go, continuing to admire her prey. Her expression, her eyes—they wouldn’t have been out of place on a predator licking its lips.</p>

      <p>“Ah, sorry,” Lastiara said. “Your face is so pretty, I unconsciously called you a girly nickname. In that case, maybe I’ll call you Deeds. Or maybe—”</p>

      <p>“Just call me Dia!”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh heh. Sure thing, Dia.”</p>

      <p>Judging from Lastiara’s attitude, she viewed Dia’s claim of not being a girl with increasing skepticism. But I planned to treat him as a him, so I didn’t interrupt their back-and-forth. Besides, if anybody expected me to suddenly start treating him as a girl after all this time...it’d be too much for me.</p>

      <p>I’d thought their very different personalities might cause them to clash, but that fear had been unfounded as well. Relieved, I took one of the seats in the room and listened as they talked. Afterwards, I told Dia that Alty would come to teach him some spells. I also explained the problems Floor 24 was posing to us. Their discussion regarding magic was beginning to liven up, likely because the spells they each commanded were so similar. It appeared the two were contemplating how best to clear Floor 24.</p>

      <p>I didn’t possess a clear understanding of the magic they used, so all I could do was listen from the back. I had no choice but to think by myself about what would happen after getting back. Presumably, Maria had finished cooking and was waiting for us to come home. But thanks to Alty’s uncalled-for remarks, I was beside myself with anxiety that I might not be able to act the same as before around Maria. If I didn’t rehearse it in my mind now while I had the chance, I might accidentally betray myself through my behavior. While Lastiara and Dia continued discussing all things magic, I continued to think about how to approach my newfound Maria problem.</p>

      <p>It went on like that until sundown.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>After the hospital visit, we returned home, as we’d finished our preparations for the next dive.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back, Master.”</p>

      <p>Maria greeted us with a smile. I had no idea what she was truly feeling behind that smile. Before I knew it, she’d acquired a set of formidable fire spells, <em>and </em>she might have had a crush on me...and I hadn’t picked up on either of those things.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, uh, thanks. We’re home, Maria...” I replied, averting my eyes.</p>

      <p>I’d run the simulation so many times in my head and yet it still came out so awkward. I didn’t understand much of anything about her, but I got the feeling she was always seeing right through me with her Perception skill. If I spoke for too long, she’d likely pick up on how I was feeling. At this juncture, I couldn’t even make eye contact.</p>

      <p>“We’re back, Mar-Mar!” said Lastiara cheerfully, glomping onto her.</p>

      <p>For a second, Maria flashed me a puzzled look, but Lastiara swooped in for the save. Grateful, I scurried to my room.</p>

      <p>That night, as usual, we all sat down to eat the dinner Maria whipped up for us, but the atmosphere was clearly strained. The seams holding the party together were unraveling faster. Lastiara’s faint smile was thirty percent wider, and I was being vaguely distant towards Maria. Meanwhile, Maria was keeping a watchful eye on me so as to glean why that was. Every time she stared at me, I could do nothing but turn my face away. Even I could tell I was a bit red.</p>

      <p>Maria was very young and short, but she had a pretty face. When we first met, she had looked shabby due to her circumstances, but now that she was keeping clean, she indisputably fell into the “cute girl” category. Unlike Dia or Lastiara, her prettiness felt more <em>real</em>. She was the girl next door as opposed to a knockout or a pretty boy. I also felt a kinship with her black hair and black eyes. It made me realize how familiar and close to me she felt. And once my brain processed that, it was difficult to ignore her charms as a girl. As such, I used <em>Calculash</em> to avoid locking eyes with her, so I somehow made it through dinner. Following that, we all retired to our respective rooms as usual.</p>

      <p>I’d survived the evening, which gave me the confidence that I could do something to mitigate this conundrum, whether or not I knew Maria had feelings for me.</p>

      <p>That night, I managed to fall into a peaceful sleep, despite how oddly noisy the winds outside sounded.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>The next day.</p>

      <p>“See you later, Master.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, we’ll be back...”</p>

      <p>I must have still been reeling from the truth bomb from the day prior, because even Maria’s simple little “see you later” got me out of sorts. I averted my gaze from her face as much as possible and headed to Floor 20, Lastiara following behind me.</p>

      <p>Compared to the day before, Lastiara’s getup was on the heavy side. Normally she dressed light because she liked running around, but now she had on a mantle to shield her skin from the burning heat. In addition, at her waist she had water and an antidote ready to drink.</p>

      <p>We passed through the light purple magic portal and stepped into the cold, empty chamber. We made for the staircase only to notice that someone was standing with his back to it. It was a man clad in wind energy—the handsome blond knight, Mr. Hine. This time around, Mr. Hopes wasn’t with him. He’d been waiting for us alone. And unlike last time, his loadout was stately and imposing. Before, he’d been equipped with a single silver sword, but now he wore two at his waist, as well as a largish silver gauntlet on his left hand. While he wasn’t wielding anything heavy, he was decked out with smaller weapons of war. Particularly conspicuous were the ten rings on his fingers. A guy wearing a large quantity of rings was bound to stand out.</p>

      <p>“I have been awaiting your arrival, milady.”</p>

      <p>He bowed, just like last time, but I sensed a coldness to the gesture. Something was different, and I didn’t mean the number of knights or his equipment. It was something else. Something weightier.</p>

      <p>“Hello, Mr. Hine,” said Lastiara. “Are you unaccompanied today?”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>