<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Crossroads (The Festival)</h1>

      <p>After driving off Raggie and Ms. Radiant, we headed back home. Maria, who had been doing the cleaning and laundry, noticed we’d popped back in and greeted us with an awkward look on her face.</p>

      <p>“Welcome home. You’re back early today; I haven’t set about preparing your meals yet.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, since we’d returned before the arranged time, our food wasn’t ready. As I had time to spare, I thought I’d go do some shopping and visit Dia, when:</p>

      <p>“Hey, Sieg, let’s go to the Festival,” said a smiling Lastiara, who was sitting in a chair in the living room.</p>

      <p>“The Festival?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. Right now, Whoseyards is in the middle of a festival. In four days, it’s the annual Day of the Blessed Birth, but all through the week leading up to it, the whole country puts on a festival.”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, I did hear about that.”</p>

      <p>If I remembered correctly, it was Dia who had told me. Since he was going to be discharged from the hospital on the Day of the Blessed Birth, I had a feeling I’d promised him we’d hit the festival together once he was out.</p>

      <p>“This’ll be my first time participating in the festival,” said Lastiara, “so I’m mighty intrigued.”</p>

      <p>“I’m not uninterested.”</p>

      <p>A festival in a new culture? I was curious. Plus, I didn’t really go to festivals very often back in my world either. It wasn’t that I didn’t want to check them out, I just couldn’t. As such, festivals had a certain amount of pull for me.</p>

      <p>“Then it’s decided. Let’s go check it out!”</p>

      <p>“Sure. I’ve gotta go out to buy more water anyway.”</p>

      <p>The event may have been mostly meaningless, but it was perfect as a change of pace seeing as I had time to kill. The only thing on my to-do list at the moment was restocking water.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, please wait,” said Maria, who was beginning to make our food. “Is that what they call...” She trailed off.</p>

      <p>I looked at her, and I could see a disappointed expression flit over her face. But she instantly suppressed that expression and said nothing more. Did she think we’d leave her behind? Lastiara, for her part, was simply suppressing a smile and didn’t add her voice to the conversation; I had to be the one to invite her.</p>

      <p>“You can come with us. Make your preparations now.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, you really mean it?”</p>

      <p>“It’s a matter of course.” If I didn’t invite her, I’d stop being able to call her a friend or a comrade. To me, it was only natural, but it seemed that to her, it wasn’t.</p>

      <p>“But what about your food—”</p>

      <p>“Let’s eat out today. Together.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay Master.”</p>

      <p>I had basically ordered her to comply.</p>

      <p>“Shall we get going?” I asked. “Lastiara, lead the way.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, sure thing,” she said, chuckling as she gently got to her feet.</p>

      <p>I was happy that Lastiara was happy, but she could be a true pain. She’d wanted to bring Maria along, but she didn’t say it. She’d forced me to invite her just for her own amusement.</p>

      <p>“Don’t just stand there chuckling; guide us already.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara stifled her laughter as she took the lead, and together we exited through the door. Whoseyards wasn’t all that far from my house. After all, being close to the Dungeon also meant I was close to the other countries’ borders.</p>

      <p>After an hour’s walk, we could already begin to take in the liveliness of the festival. Lastiara hadn’t been exaggerating when she said the entire country took part in the festivities; there was a party atmosphere right up to the very edge of the nation.</p>

      <p>When we reached the main street, there were a number of stalls, their vendors loudly soliciting customers. The stalls were varied, from those with food to those selling small items. The culinary culture on display aroused my interest, so I went around observing the food.</p>

      <p>There were cheap and simple sweet treats and confectionery, just like in my world, but also foodstuffs I’d never seen before. Moreover, all of the cookware and cooking tools were new to me. This world used magic gems as heat sources, and knives that operated via magic, which really drove home the fact that this was a festival in a fantasy world.</p>

      <p>Flame-broiled and grilled food I didn’t recognize, bunches of nuts and berries in off-putting shapes, meat skewers cooked in unique ways, loaves of bread too giant to be eating while walking around—it was all so novel. Faced with food whose flavors I couldn’t begin to imagine, I couldn’t hide my exhilaration. I was jumping around so restlessly that I must have looked like some country rube.</p>

      <p>“Master, you’re goggling too much at normal food stands...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, sorry, it’s just, everything’s so new to me...”</p>

      <p>“Everybody everywhere celebrates the Festival of the Blessed Birth once a year. And the stalls are all your standard ones too.”</p>

      <p>To Maria, this was all the same old, same old, inspiring no particularly strong emotions in her. Not so for me, though. I was at a festival born of a culture that was totally foreign to me. Everything was fresh and exciting. But since Maria didn’t know my background, she was left wondering what I was so enthralled by.</p>

      <p>“Back in my hometown, nobody threw a festival like this, so it’s super new to me.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Didn’t you say you’re from Fania, Master?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, right, yeah, I am. But I used to live in a remote region of Fania, where there are no festivals. That’s why this is a first for me.”</p>

      <p>“A ‘remote region,’ Master?”</p>

      <p>The more we dwelled on the topic of my supposed hometown, the more the lie fell apart. I pretended I was busy enjoying the festival and pulled away from her.</p>

      <p>As I was examining my surroundings, I passed by a group wearing fancy costumes. They were wearing animal headdresses, mimicking wolves and bears and the like. Maybe participating in this festival in such costumes bore some cultural significance. I figured Lastiara was well-versed in all things Whoseyards, so I asked her.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Lastiara. What were those costumes for?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara, who was still at the head of the pack, looked back at me. “No idea!” she replied, stoked. “What was that?!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, you don’t know either?”</p>

      <p>“This is my first time here too!” she said, staring around just like I had been doing.</p>

      <p>I’d been too amped up to realize how amped up she was as well.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, is this really your first time”</p>

      <p>“As embarrassing as it is... For a number of reasons, this is the first time I’ve come into town while the festival’s on, which makes Mar-Mar the only one of us who’s been before!”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, that’s insane. Not one but <em>two</em> people who have never been to a festival before...”</p>

      <p>“So yeah, I’m curious about what those costumes were about, too,” said Lastiara. “You tell us, Mar-Mar!”</p>

      <p>She stopped leading the way and came over next to Maria. We began walking side-by-side, listening to Maria’s explanation as we went.</p>

      <p>“Those costumes are in prayer for good health. They’re derived from a legend that’s spread throughout the continent. By dressing up like the companions of Saint Tiara Whoseyards, they’re hoping to receive that saint’s blessings of protection. They say the closer the Day of the Blessed Birth approaches, the more the saint’s power returns to the land, so there are a lot of people who participate in the festival in costume.”</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah!” said Lastiara, clapping her hands together. “Now that you mention it, I feel like I’ve heard that before!”</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, Miss Lastiara, your name is similar to that saint’s name. Did your parents give you that name to confer the saint’s blessings?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, that’s our Mar-Mar,” she replied nonchalantly. “You got it.”</p>

      <p>Maria smiled faintly. “What an auspicious name.”</p>

      <p>But I wasn’t smiling. Maria didn’t know Lastiara’s surname of Whoseyards. I couldn’t help but think there was something to that.</p>

      <p>We continued walking about the townscape of Whoseyards as we listened to Maria explain stuff. The most thriving section of the city was its heart, so we naturally ended up headed there.</p>

      <p>“All right, Mar-Mar, let’s do some shopping together!”</p>

      <p>“No thanks. The festival food’s fairly expensive; It’s a waste of money.”</p>

      <p>“But if we don’t eat, what was the point of coming here?”</p>

      <p>“I’m happy just looking.”</p>

      <p>“Aww, seriously?”</p>

      <p>Maria spoke sense. Even I could tell the wares on offer at these stalls were rather costly, and I wasn’t exactly well-versed in this world’s market prices. To Maria, who was used to festivals, it was overpriced without any added value to it. I didn’t want Lastiara feeling blue, though, so I sent her a lifeboat.</p>

      <p>“Give it up, Lastiara. I’ll go shopping with you.”</p>

      <p>“Nothing else for it, huh?” she replied, disheartened. It seemed Lastiara had wanted to hang out with Maria more than me.</p>

      <p>The festival air was doing wonders for me. Just by marching down the street, my spirits were being lifted to my very core. Likely because I wasn’t too familiar with festivals even before coming to this world, in just under an hour, my mood had reached a peak, and the same went for Lastiara. When I stumbled upon a stall displaying some curiosity or marvel, I shouted for her and veered closer.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Lastiara! Look at how weird this one is!”</p>

      <p>“Whoa! That’s brilliant. What is it?!”</p>

      <p>At first, I’d put on airs, acting cool and unaffected, but there was such a plethora of the wild and new that I was unable to tamp down my excitement. Since Lastiara reacted much the same way I did, we both got all the more excited. Such diversions were at their best when shared with someone else.</p>

      <p>“You do realize that’s meant for kids, right?”</p>

      <p>Behind us stood Maria, watching with pitying eyes. But as we’d grown accustomed to her cold gaze, it didn’t bother us.</p>

      <p>We bought and ate snacks as we walked, and eventually, we reached the grand plaza in the central part of town. There, we found not only shops but also diversions much like amusement park attractions. They weren’t, however, what I’d consider lavish or modern. Instead, it was simple fare like target shooting or cutting shapes out of cookies. But that was enough to get us excited. I had no experience with this type of entertainment. Moreover, there were games and activities that didn’t exist in modern times. It was only whetting my interest more and more.</p>

      <p>At the moment, my attention was on what target shooting was like in this world. It made use of arrows wrapped in cloth in place of the arrowheads, and it seemed the goal was to shoot animals running around within a fenced area. The cloth had a sticky paint on it, allowing one to determine whether they’d hit a given target. This game would never fly in my world, both from safety and animal rights standpoints.</p>

      <p>Animals were bouncing around the pen. Their nimbleness was such that the thought crossed my mind they were more than animals—they were monsters. But I lacked the knowledge to tell one way or the other.</p>

      <p>There wasn’t anything great in the way of the prizes on offer, but my body twinged at the challenge; this thing wasn’t going to be all that easy to shoot. Yet just as Maria had said, there were no grown-ups lining up for it. Since Lastiara and I were slightly taller than average, we’d come across as two adults playing a kid’s game. I didn’t want to draw any negative attention to myself.</p>

      <p>“You’re a kid, Maria; why don’t you do it for us? Then we’d be able to join in without looking weird.”</p>

      <p>“I... I’m not a kid! I’m almost thirteen!”</p>

      <p>I thought maybe she’d have something to say about how pathetic that whole idea of mine was, but instead she was more offended about being treated as a child. Thirteen was older than I’d have guessed, but it was still well within the childhood range as far as I was concerned. I didn’t think of myself as an adult, so naturally, someone who was younger than me couldn’t be one either. Of course, that view was informed by the values instilled in me back in my world.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara, is a thirteen-year-old an adult?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, over here, she’s come of age, yeah.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>I lightly apologized to Maria, upon which a question occurred to her.</p>

      <p>“Come to think of it, how old are you two?”</p>

      <p>My age. It hinged partially on how accurately my words were being translated for them, but as far as I could tell from the calendar, there wasn’t much of a difference when it came to the reckoning of time. It was probably fine to answer with the age I’d be considered back on Earth.</p>

      <p>“I’m sixteen. Probably.”</p>

      <p>“Sixteen?!” replied Maria.</p>

      <p>I was on the taller side, but my face was a sixteen-year-old’s, so this was the first time someone had reacted with that much surprise. “Huh? Is it that shocking?”</p>

      <p>“I thought you’d be around twenty. You’re tall, and you’re so mild-mannered...”</p>

      <p>Chances were, the average height in this world was relatively low. I could see that being the case. The mild-mannered part, on the other hand, came out of nowhere.</p>

      <p>“I’m also sixteen,” said Lastiara. “More or less.”</p>

      <p>“You are?!”</p>

      <p>Lastiara was on the taller side as well. Furthermore, her proportions put most adults to shame, which made her seem even more grown-up.</p>

      <p>“What?” said Lastiara. “Is it that unexpected?”</p>

      <p>She shot me a puzzled look. I smiled faintly and shook my head. I wasn’t too surprised.</p>

      <p>Maria was trembling. “We’re only three years apart, but we’re worlds apart...height-wise...bust-wise...”</p>

      <p>It was true that one wouldn’t think they were only three years apart. I looked at Maria with pity in my eyes, and in response, Maria pulled herself back together.</p>

      <p>“Our... Our ages aside, you two <em>look</em> like adults! If you indulge in this kind of thing, you’ll get laughed at!”</p>

      <p>That was what it boiled down to in the end. If you <em>appeared</em> older, your actual age didn’t matter.</p>

      <p>“You don’t have to get that up in arms over it...”</p>

      <p>“Pay attention to all the not-so-warm stares you’re drawing! It’s embarrassing!”</p>

      <p>There were certainly pairs of eyes that were looking at us and the fuss we were raising with cold amusement. However, those were the eyes of folks looking at a group that was worked up by the magic of the festival, not as if we were pathetic wretches. Besides, if you asked me, most of the people were staring at Lastiara, captivated by her uncommon beauty. Her mere presence drew eyes to her. Her sheer prettiness prevented her from ever being able to melt into a crowd. It was also probably why so many were looking at me with envy. At first, we’d tried to have a good time while not standing out too much, but we’d given up on that fairly early on.</p>

      <p>“Hee hee,” giggled Lastiara. “Whenever Mar-Mar gets all shy and embarrassed, it puts me in a more chipper mood. Did you think I’d give up that easily, Mar-Mar?”</p>

      <p>In high spirits, Lastiara availed herself to the target game’s sign-in. Maria tried to stop her, but since the more she tried to stop her, the more gleeful Lastiara got, she ultimately resigned herself.</p>

      <p>Shortly thereafter, Lastiara received a bow from reception, and the game was afoot. The goal was to shoot the animals within the field of play as many times as possible from a set position. The more animals shot within the time limit, the better the prize.</p>

      <p>Lastiara nocked and fired each arrow carefully and conscientiously. Every shot was flowing and elegant, and her accuracy was peerless. She proved superhuman, like an archer who often pulled off miracle shots in adventure tales.</p>

      <p>That godlike prowess combined with how gorgeous she looked inevitably turned heads. Initially, kids kept gathering one after the other out of awe and curiosity. Then the adults in the vicinity were drawn in by the kids, only for their eyes to become glued to her and her beauty.</p>

      <p>By the time the sand in the timepiece signaled her time was up, almost every one of the birds and beasts released into the field had been beaned. The children who had been watching nearby burst out with whoas and wows, and the adults who had been watching from afar applauded.</p>

      <p>“Heh. That was surprisingly fun!” murmured Lastiara. She twirled her bow and struck a pose to play to the crowd. Then, pushed her way through the applauding spectators and received her prize from the stiff-faced receptionist. She must have understood that she was a freakish anomaly, because she didn’t choose the higher-valued prize, opting for a cute necklace that even low-scorers could win. The necklace was almost entirely made of wood, save for the magic gem at its center. It was neither too cheap looking nor too extravagant. Lastiara put it around Maria’s neck.</p>

      <p>“A present from me, Mar-Mar.”</p>

      <p>Maria exhaled. “Thank you very much,” she said quietly.</p>

      <p>The folks around us were looking on with charmed expressions. I understood now; by gifting her prize to a child, she’d negated her impression of being immature. That way, there might be nothing to be embarrassed about.</p>

      <p>The circumstances being what they were, taking on the challenge would make me stand out, but since Lastiara was standing out and then some, that ship had sailed. I concluded that I might as well just do it.</p>

      <p>“All right, you’re on. To fetch Maria a present, I’m gonna flex.” In truth, I was doing it because I wanted to, but that was the excuse I fed the crowd.</p>

      <p>“Ah, that’s okay,” said Maria. “I don’t really want—”</p>

      <p>“Leeet’s do this, baby!” I interrupted, walking over to reception. Watching Lastiara go at it had me dying to give it a shot too.</p>

      <p>Reception was devoid of other hopefuls, possibly because it took moxie to follow an act like Lastiara’s. I was handed arrows and a bow, and once the targets were washed, the game was on once again.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>.”</p>

      <p>I surreptitiously deployed my magic. Only real big guns would be able to notice, but seeing as Lastiara was a big gun, she burst out laughing, unable to hold it in.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t bean the animals quite as elegantly as she had done, so I focused on beating her score. However, I had no experience with the bow, so I missed my first few shots. I may have been blessed with fantastic spells and stats, but it seemed I couldn’t rival Lastiara in this department.</p>

      <p>However, after making a number of adjustments, I got used to it. My superhuman senses and dexterity helped make my aim more and more accurate. I emulated the example set by Lastiara earlier and fired arrow after arrow as I leaned on my stats. Ultimately, I managed to beat her score.</p>

      <p>The onlookers cheered and applauded, causing the air at the venue to get even warmer. I went to get my prize, but I had trouble choosing one. Anything would be fine as long as I could give it to Maria, but there weren’t many options as far as accessories went. I ended up having to select a bracelet that was similar to the necklace. I walked right up to Maria and handed it to her. “Here you go, Maria.”</p>

      <p>She took it, an exasperated look on her face. “So immature...” She about-faced and made to leave the area, likely because she was loath to stand out even more. It could also simply be that she wasn’t accustomed to such a raucous atmosphere.</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on!” said Lastiara. “I wanna beat Sieg’s score! Let me have another go!”</p>

      <p>But Maria ignored her and kept on walking. I didn’t want this turning into a quagmire, so I decided to chide Lastiara.</p>

      <p>“One try each. C’mon, Lastiara, we’re leaving.”</p>

      <p>“Nuh-uh, no way! I won’t let ya take the win and run!”</p>

      <p>“If you wanna compete with me, let’s do it at the next festival. Now hurry up, would you?”</p>

      <p>She grimaced. “I...can’t. I <em>can’t</em> wait for the next one!”</p>

      <p>“Quit being so self-indulgent. If you’re staying here to do it again, I’m leaving you behind.”</p>

      <p>“Rrgh... Quitting while you’re ahead, huh?” But she reluctantly left the area.</p>

      <p>So as not to lose Maria in the crowd, we half-ran past all the curious gazes. By the time we caught up with her, there was no one paying us any mind. We’d drawn some attention earlier, but in the end, it was just part of the overall hubbub of the festival. As we slipped into the crowd, people stopped looking our way—apart from the envious stares.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Mar-Mar,” Lastiara called out from behind her, “you don’t want to do it? If you’re worried about money, I’ll give you some. ’Cause I was the one who invited you here, after all.”</p>

      <p>Maria sighed. “How could I, after <em>that</em>? I’m perfectly fine, thank you. I did it when I was a little kid.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, so you’ve done it before. I guess that’s fine, then.” Lastiara started walking in front of Maria.</p>

      <p>My eyes darted around, on the hunt for something fun or interesting as I pushed my way through the festival-goers. After some walking, a riverbank came into view. A rather large crowd had gathered there; some kind of event was being held. Upon seeing it, Lastiara took me by the hand.</p>

      <p>“There’s something happening over by the river!”</p>

      <p>“Wow, cool,” I replied. “Looks like they’re doing something that can only be done by the water.”</p>

      <p>The goldfish-scooping game back in my world sprang to mind. Tingling with anticipation, I followed after her. We couldn’t afford to lose each other, so Lastiara used her free hand to grab Maria’s, and the three of us walked down to the riverside stall.</p>

      <p>A net was placed both upstream and downstream, and a large quantity of fish had been released in the space between those nets. The river was only about knee-deep for an adult. A gaggle of children were scrambling like crazy to grab the fish barehanded.</p>

      <p>“A fish-wrangling game where you try to grab as many as you can to take home and eat...I guess?”</p>

      <p>I’d seen a game like this in my world too, so I was a mite disappointed. But Lastiara’s eyes were sparkling.</p>

      <p>“I’m gonna do it! I’m gonna beat you this time, Sieg!”</p>

      <p>“Ugh, fine. If I don’t participate, you won’t have a worthy rival.”</p>

      <p>Just because I’d seen the game before didn’t mean I’d tried it. It did look fun, so I had no reason to refuse. Waiting our turns in line, we engaged in idle chitchat to kill some time. Maria taught us about fish cuisine and cooking, while Lastiara asked what we’d like to eat. Around the halfway point in line, a girl called out to us.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, if it isn’t Sieg and Mar-Mar.”</p>

      <p>The girl who was drawing near had an animal mask to the side of her head. It was the Dungeon Guardian Alty, and she had on many layers of warm-looking clothes.</p>

      <p>I raised my guard and scanned the vicinity. After making sure Alty was alone, I eased up.</p>

      <p>“What’re you doing here, Alty?”</p>

      <p>“What do ya mean? Can’t a girl have some fun?”</p>

      <p>“Sure, don’t let me stop you.”</p>

      <p>There was nothing wrong with it per se, but seeing a Dungeon boss wander around aimlessly was bad for my heart.</p>

      <p>“I was hanging out with my friends at the academy until a little while ago. Ah, don’t worry, Franny ain’t here to torture you.”</p>

      <p>“That’s a relief.”</p>

      <p>As Alty and I spoke, Lastiara started laughing from behind. Then she came to us with a pep in her step.</p>

      <p>“Pfft, talk about a surprise! I was thinking to myself, boy, she can really handle herself even though she’s such a cutie, and then I <em>eyeballed</em> you—and what should I find but the unthinkable!” She was laughing, but her eyes were sharp, radiating a palpable fighting spirit. She must have seen that Alty wasn’t human, but rather a truly formidable boss monster.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, Lastiara,” I said. “She’s an ally of mine—”</p>

      <p>“I know. I can tell by looking at her, she hasn’t got the murder vibe. So, can I call you Allie? My name’s Lastiara. Nice to meet you!”</p>

      <p>“Oho, so you’re that... Nice to meet you, Lastiara. It’s just, please don’t call me any kind of pet name; That’d make me feel too awkward. Let’s just call each other by our names.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, Alty.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks, Lastiara. Here’s to a budding friendship.”</p>

      <p>They shook hands, beaming at each other. I was looking on nervously. Truth be told, I wouldn’t have been surprised if they had tried to kill each other right then and there. I seriously considered taking Maria and going home using <em>Connection</em>.</p>

      <p>Alty must have noticed the look in my eyes, because she laughed and turned to me. “You really are a worrywart, Sieg.”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m just the only normal one here. So, what are you planning to do now?”</p>

      <p>“Good question. Guess I’ll hang out with you guys, if only for a little while. I can’t hang out for too long, though.”</p>

      <p>“Well, if that’s all, then...”</p>

      <p>I’d have loved it if she had bumped off somewhere, but refusing her out of hand would be too unfeeling as her ostensible ally. Grudgingly, I okayed her tagging along, and Lastiara seemed all the merrier for it.</p>

      <p>“Nice!” said Lastiara. “Let’s compete together, the three of us. I wanna see how strong you are, Alty.”</p>

      <p>It seemed she was looking forward to duking it out with a Dungeon Guardian.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, I’ll pass,” said Alty with a wry smile. “I’m no good with water. I’ll just jeer and heckle from the side.”</p>

      <p>As was the standard, a fire monster like Alty wasn’t best friends with water, so she fell back and started chatting with Maria. Afterwards, when our turns came, Lastiara and I stepped into the field of battle.</p>

      <p>I worked out a strategy to defeat Lastiara by mustering all of my strength since I knew that was what she wanted. At the end of the day, what she wanted most was to play using her full potential, and she was by my side because she knew she could do that with me. I had an obligation to show her a good time. That was our agreement.</p>

      <p>Not that all of it stemmed from a sense of obligation. Part of me did want to enjoy this world. And providing her with company was far from agony. If I was able to secure the weapon that she was while having some fun at the same time, I wasn’t going to complain.</p>

      <p>Making full use of all of my dimensional magic, I set about winning the game. As a consequence, the audience was pulled in and the competition was ratcheted up to a level that made the proprietor turn white.</p>

      <p>In the end, I was stopped by Alty by force and endured a long scolding from Maria. But Lastiara seemed to be enjoying herself regardless, and to an extent, I was too. And I learned that as long as the Dungeon wasn’t in the picture, Lastiara and I were fairly like-minded. What a shame—if only I hadn’t had anything to worry about. If only I hadn’t had a time limit looming over my head.</p>

      <p><em>I wanna be with Lastiara longer. I want her in my life.</em></p>

      <p>But I swallowed that sentiment immediately, bottling it up in the recesses of my heart. Just like with Maria before her, I had no other choice.</p>

      <p>The festival kept on going. Putting a lid on that stray thought, I continued laughing alongside Lastiara and the others.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“Guys, I think I’m gonna go home soon.” The sun had set, and Alty communicated that her time was running out.</p>

      <p>“Aww,” said Lastiara, pouting. “C’mon, let’s hang out some more!”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, but I gotta show up at the academy tomorrow. I can’t hang out for very long,” replied Alty apologetically.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I should head home too,” said Maria. “There’s nothing for me to do, so I might as well accompany Ms. Alty.”</p>

      <p>After eating some food, Maria hadn’t used any money whatsoever. That could be why she’d spent so much time chatting with Alty, who also hadn’t spent a single coin. Maybe she wanted to go back with her because they’d become friends during that time.</p>

      <p>“In that case,” said Alty, “I’ll be responsible for Mar-Mar and escort her. You two should keep enjoying yourselves a little longer.”</p>

      <p>Maria was all smiles. Lastiara grumbled a tad, but the pair went on home without incident.</p>

      <p>Once we were by ourselves, Lastiara smiled and said, “Now that Mar-Mari’s not here, do you wanna make merry for <em>real</em>?”</p>

      <p>“Nah, no thanks. I’m a bit tired myself.”</p>

      <p>“I figured. I am too. How about we have a nice chat while searching for some intriguing food?”</p>

      <p>“That sounds like the thing to do. Only, if we’re gonna be chatting, could you tell me more about this world? I can’t ask anyone besides you, so this is the perfect opportunity.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind, but...that’s only because you’re keeping the fact you’re an Outworlder on the down-low. Does it really warrant such secrecy?”</p>

      <p>“There’s never been one in the past. If word gets out, I don’t know what’ll become of me, so of course I’m being cautious. So please don’t say that word when there’re this many people around.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara had freely spoken the word “Outworlder” in public. The history of my world featured witch hunts and massacres of heretics. Even in this day and age, were extraterrestrials to be discovered, chances were high they’d be turned into guinea pigs. My pool of knowledge was shallow, but even I knew that an Outworlder was basically akin to a space alien. There was every possibility that I’d come to a standstill out of the fear that inspired.</p>

      <p>“You really are a scaredy-cat, Sieg. Fine, I’ll keep it secret where possible. That said, I think you ought to tell Mar-Mar sooner rather than later.”</p>

      <p>“Tell Maria? Why?”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean, ‘why’? She’s one of us, isn’t she? Companions confide in each other!”</p>

      <p>“She’s one of us, yes. But that’s apples and oranges.”</p>

      <p>“Well huh...that’s how you think, is it? Heh heh. Hey, if that’s what you’re going with, I guess that’s fine by me.”</p>

      <p>Was Maria my companion, my comrade, my friend? Yes. But that didn’t mean I felt like divulging my secrets to her so readily. And when I told Lastiara as much, she nodded repeatedly, clearly delighted. Her glee gave me pause. Whenever she got like this, she was thinking things that no normal person would call good.</p>

      <p>“What’s with you? Is something wrong with that?”</p>

      <p>“Nope, nothing’s wrong with it. In fact, I like it that way. You’re right; even among companions, one doesn’t talk about anything and everything.”</p>

      <p>With her love of drama, what was good in her eyes probably wasn’t in mine. When she suggested something with that smile, I was best served by avoiding whatever she said like the plague. We hadn’t known each other for long, but I knew that much already.</p>

      <p>“All right, fine,” I said. “I’ll tell Maria when the opportunity arises and see what happens. She is one of us, after all.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, you <em>are</em> gonna tell her? Sure, that’s fine too.”</p>

      <p>While she seemed somewhat disappointed, she bounced back in no time, looking cheery once again. Then she moved on. “All right, guess I’ll talk to you about this world. I’m not really sure where to start, though. It’s hard to know.”</p>

      <p>She had a point. If someone asked me to explain my world, I wouldn’t be able to launch right into it either.</p>

      <p>“I mean, you don’t have to explain everything in one go. I’m sure it’s complicated, so I don’t think I’d be able to grasp everything right away. A little at a time, starting with stuff that’s close to you, is fine. For example...you could start by telling me about this festival and then expanding from there bit by bit. Through that, I’ll pick up on the customs and general knowledge of the people here.”</p>

      <p>“This festival, huh? That should be simple enough. I don’t have much experience being at the festival, but I do have information for you.”</p>

      <p>“I’m particularly curious about the Day of the Blessed Birth that caps off this festival.”</p>

      <p>“The Day of the Blessed Birth? Sure thing. I’ll tell you about it.”</p>

      <p>She offered a weak, fleeting smile. To her, the Day of the Blessed Birth might bear some special meaning. She continued speaking with deep feeling as she cherished her surroundings.</p>

      <p>“This Festival is the run-up to a certain figure’s birthday. It lasts around a week, and on the Day of the Blessed Birth, a lavish ceremony is conducted at the cathedral in Whoseyards.”</p>

      <p>“There’s a similar holiday in my world, so I get the picture. How many times a year does an event of that nature take place?”</p>

      <p>“Let’s see... The main religion of the Dungeon Alliance, the Creed of Levahn, has a ton of saints, see. There are three Blessed Births to celebrate, and that’s not mentioning all the many festivals revering the divine. I guess you could say this is one of those big Blessed Births.”</p>

      <p>“Interesting...”</p>

      <p>While the customs were different, it was similar enough to my world. If you put people on different soil and under different skies, perhaps they think up the same sorts of things regardless.</p>

      <p>“This is the Blessed Birth of Tiara Whoseyards, the saint who’s said to have laid the foundation for the magic transmitted through the continent.”</p>

      <p>“Hold on. I’ve been meaning to ask you. Isn’t that name almost identical to yours?”</p>

      <p>Lastiara’s origins were already shrouded in uncertainty from the jump without throwing that into the mix too. I had a bad feeling about it.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, silly. Saint Tiara is <em>me</em>, after all.”</p>

      <p>I sighed. I’d seen it coming, so that warded off some of the shock. All the same, this was doubtless going to spell trouble for me. I urged her to continue.</p>

      <p>“Obviously, I’m not <em>her</em> her. She lived centuries ago. It’s just that I have the same body as her. My soul, not so much!”</p>

      <p>“You have the same body as her? You don’t need anything beyond that to scare me. What’s that about? You can do stuff like that in this world using magic?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, you can. Looks like they had the huge loads of time, money, and magic energy they needed, and they successfully recreated the body of the sainted Tiara. Boy, the works of man sure are frightening.”</p>

      <p>I was aghast and stunned. At the end of the day, it was the same as my world’s cloning technology or genetic engineering. It seemed as though, while civilizations and cultures may vary, they wound up at similar destinations. In that respect, it was much like the festivals.</p>

      <p>“So you can accomplish feats like <em>that</em> through magic? So why’d they recreate Saint Tiara’s body, anyway? I’m guessing they didn’t do it for shits and giggles.”</p>

      <p>“Of course not. They have a variety of goals. But I can’t tell you more than that. If I did, I’d end up explaining away the enigmatic part of me, and what fun is that?”</p>

      <p>When it came to information about her, she became reluctant to divulge much. As she’d said before, she felt there was a certain storytelling appeal to the truth behind her coming out in bits and pieces over time. But I was too curious to let it go too easily.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what happened to ‘companions confide in each other’?”</p>

      <p>“They do. I don’t disagree. So let’s do it this way: if you tell Mar-Mar that you’re actually Kanami and not Sieg, then I’ll tell you about <em>my Tiara</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Urgh, so that’s how you’re playing it...”</p>

      <p>She was driving a hard bargain. I’d agreed to tell Maria at some point, but I’d never said when. I had wanted to put it off if possible.</p>

      <p>“Okay, deal. But I’m going to wait for the right moment, so we’re talking far future here.”</p>

      <p>“And here I was willing to tell you today. You are <em>such</em> a wuss.”</p>

      <p>“I am not a wuss! If I were to tell her out of the blue, think of how Maria would feel. She’s already processing the shock of everything that’s going on right now. She got enslaved and lost so much. If I add my whole deal on top of that, it’d just trouble her all the more. ”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. If you say so, it must be true, Sieg. Go ahead, delay the timing as you see fit,” she said, looking at me with chilly eyes.</p>

      <p>“I <em>will</em> do as I see fit. And after I tell her, be sure to tell me your story.”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>Just then, I spotted a stall with strange and unusual food on offer. They were fruits and nuts deep-fried in spicy-smelling oil. It was like nothing I’d ever tried, so I suggested the two of us get in line.</p>

      <p>As we ate what we had just bought, Lastiara continued talking to me. While she couldn’t discuss herself, she did appear to like telling me about history.</p>

      <p>“I may not be able to explain the Tiara that I am now, but I can tell you about the Tiara of the past. Learning about the greats of years gone by will naturally teach you about this world, so it’s perfect.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, was this Saint Tiara really that outstanding?”</p>

      <p>“She was the definition of outstanding. She created the bedrock for all sorts of things. I mean, she created magic, for one. Plus, she created Whoseyards.”</p>

      <p>“That’s pretty incredible.”</p>

      <p>“The other saints were too. Generally, they went around founding nations and saving the world. Stuff like that.”</p>

      <p>“They saved the world? These saints were human, right?”</p>

      <p>“They were. But they could also hear voices others couldn’t. By listening to those voices, they gained knowledge not of this world and worked their miracles unto the lands. As a result, many a life was saved, and as you can imagine, people started wanting to revere them by calling them saints.”</p>

      <p>Apparently, “saints” were defined as “people who could hear voices others couldn’t.”</p>

      <p>“Were those voices, like, the voices of the divine or what?”</p>

      <p>“No. What they could hear was the voice of the huge tree at the center of the continent...or so I was told. The World Tree is called Yggdrasil, and the saints could apparently hear voices from it. Actually, you and I might be able to hear them too. We’re very...well, you know.”</p>

      <p>Lastiara and I were operating under special and unique sets of circumstances, so it would make sense. The potential of obtaining knowledge from those voices warranted a try.</p>

      <p>“So where is this World Tree?”</p>

      <p>“Far, far away. For this or that reason, the Alliance is in a remote region of the continent. It’s in the other part of Whoseyards, at the center of the mainland. It’d take weeks and weeks to get there.”</p>

      <p>Each of the five nations that made up the Dungeon Alliance had counterparts somewhere else. That made the Dungeon Alliance “countries” more like exclaves.</p>

      <p>The area where the Dungeon Alliance was located lay at the edge of this world’s map, far removed from the continent they called the mainland. From what I recalled from the library books I had read, the main portion of Whoseyards couldn’t be reached unless one resolved to travel for weeks on end.</p>

      <p>Each of the five nations was large, so they naturally wouldn’t place the capital cities at the edges of the continent. In effect, the condition to participate in the Alliance was to be big enough not to take a significant hit establishing a portion of your country in the hinterlands.</p>

      <p>“That’s a shame. If it had been closer, I’d have liked to hear her voice and receive a miraculous power.”</p>

      <p>“I hear you. I’d have liked to receive the knowledge that formed the base of all magic, same as Saint Tiara herself.”</p>

      <p>We were disheartened. I was half-joking when I said that, but from the way Lastiara had replied, it seemed one could actually hear her voice.</p>

      <p>My companion’s sails were only down for a moment; soon, she lifted her head and continued talking. She was as quick to regain her footing as always. “Since we landed on the topic of Saint Tiara, I’ll talk about the nine elements of magic that she created. It’s an important subject for folks like us who make a living through battle.”</p>

      <p>“I’d be thankful; I cast magic through intuition more than anything since my world hasn’t got magic.”</p>

      <p>Back home, magic existed as a concept within fiction like video games, but it wasn’t an aspect of reality. Learning about the history of a world with magic was a fresh experience.</p>

      <p>At that, Lastiara’s eyes lit up strangely. “What? Magic doesn’t exist at all where you come from?”</p>

      <p>“Nope. No magic, and no monsters either.”</p>

      <p>“Whoa, that’s crazy! Forget all this, I wanna hear more about <em>that</em>!”</p>

      <p>“Uh, I’d really rather you teach me about magic...”</p>

      <p>“But your world sounds more intriguing!”</p>

      <p>I was totally stymied. She was now only interested in my world, which was a roadblock to my learning more about magic. It’d be too much too laborious to get her back on track when she was in this state. Left with no other choice, I started telling her about the stand-in for magic in my world—science. Then I told her about the heroes of my world. She visibly preferred the hero stuff, and when the listener was having fun, it made it fun for the speaker too.</p>

      <p>Getting caught up in the moment, I waxed on and on about the history of my world to her. After I’d regaled her with the dozenth or so hero tale, and we’d indulged in about as many impulse-buy snacks, Lastiara and I finally headed home. Naturally, we never ended up talking about magic.</p>

      <p>Once we reached home, we must have all been dead exhausted, because Maria and Lastiara went straight to bed and, yet again, I was able to fall fast asleep.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“Let me come with you to the Dungeon, please...”</p>

      <p>The morning after the festival, while we were eating breakfast in the living room, Maria made a request of us, a determined look on her face.</p>

      <p>“Say what?” I replied. “But why?”</p>

      <p>I was perplexed. This was sudden. Maria’s place in our group had more or less solidified after some discussion of the matter. I hadn’t expected her to want anything to do with the Dungeon anymore.</p>

      <p>“I’d be happy with just a little dive. Please test me out. I’ve gotten stronger over the past two days.”</p>

      <p>“Stronger?”</p>

      <p>Did that mean she’d been training unbeknownst to me? Which would in turn have meant that she’d never actually given up on Dungeon diving to begin with.</p>

      <p>As usual, I didn’t understand what was going through her head. They say girls are fickle, sure, but I just couldn’t keep up with how fast-moving these shifts were.</p>

      <p>Lastiara whispered to me from behind, “Look at Mar-Mar’s skills...”</p>

      <p>I did as I was told and used Analyze on her.<br/><br/></p>

      <p>【SKILLS】</p>

      <p>INNATE SKILLS: Perception 1.45</p>

      <p>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Hunting 0.67, Cooking 1.08, Fire Magic 1.00<br/><br/></p>

      <p>“F-Fire Magic?!”</p>

      <p>Maria had acquired a new skill. Fire Magic 1.00 hadn’t been there before, and I’d checked fairly recently.</p>

      <p>I was taken aback. I’d seen a variety of people possessing a variety of skills, but I’d never seen anyone <em>gain</em> a skill. From what I’d heard, a person <em>might</em> gain a skill once over the course of their life. Given the existence of the Acquired Skills section of the menu, I knew skills could be gained, but I never would have expected Maria to gain one in only a handful of days.</p>

      <p>Maria saw how my mouth was agape and launched into an explanation. “Ah, I forgot you could see, Master... Yes, that is correct. I was taught fire magic, and I’ve been practicing...”</p>

      <p>“You were taught? By who?”</p>

      <p>“By Ms. Alty, sir.”</p>

      <p>“By <em>her</em>?”</p>

      <p>Talk about terrible timing. Maria had finally given up on the Dungeon. Her being given this spider’s thread of hope was the epitome of pesky. Thanks to that, she was raring to come with us.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Alty taught me magic that will do work even after Floor 20. She also told me how I can use the magic and various tricks to it...”</p>

      <p><em>Alty, you shouldn’t have. You really, really shouldn’t have!</em> <em>If she was going to teach anybody at all, she could’ve taught me. Why did she teach </em>Maria<em>?!</em></p>

      <p>“She gave you pointers and now the spells you can use have increased?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. It’s no longer just <em>Firefly</em>.”</p>

      <p>“Which must mean you received a magic gem, right?”</p>

      <p>A pause. “Yes. I received a magic gem.”</p>

      <p>If I wasn’t imagining it, she was a tad hesitant to say that last sentence. Magic gems were pricey commodities; perhaps she was feeling guilty about it.</p>

      <p>“Well, if you can use more spells now, I <em>would</em> like to see what they’re like...”</p>

      <p>More spells meant more potential methods to handle the Rio Eagles on Floor 22. While taking Maria all the way there wasn’t realistic, there was a way to summon her when she was needed. Upon arriving at Floor 22, we could take a waiting Maria into the area using <em>Connection</em>. Then, before hitting Floor 23, there was nothing stopping us from sending her back home using <em>Connection</em> again. It depended on the situation, but there was no doubt it would be helpful. And yet, despite that...to be honest, it felt so awkward.</p>

      <p>“Please, sir, put me to the test,” she pleaded, eyes firm of purpose. “If it’s hopeless, I’ll head right home.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know what to say, shooting a glance at Lastiara, whose faint but amused smile told me she had no intention of adding anything. I gave it some thought. What would happen if I consented, and what would happen if I nixed the idea? I weighed the pros and cons for both of us, but no matter how I sliced it, a certain emotion got in the way, so I stopped searching for the optimal solution and simply offered a compromise.</p>

      <p>“All right. But only after we test out your magic on an earlier floor and put together an effective battle strategy. Also, if you ever fall into a situation that could be considered unsafe, you’re going home.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, sir. That works for me,” she said, nodding vigorously. Her eyes housed a fiery determination to be of use in the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>I racked my brains wondering how I could extinguish those flames. Lastiara chuckling behind me was irritating as all get out. If she wasn’t going to add her two cents, the least she could do was be quiet.</p>

      <p>Maria told us about her fire magic in more detail; I was surprised by its utility. Her power couldn’t be dismissed as impractical or forever coming up short. I had no choice but to bring her along. Crossing through the <em>Connection</em> portal in the living room, we jumped to Floor 20.</p>

      <p>Floor 21 was dangerous, so we went up the stairs to do the testing on Floor 19. We lured a single Carmine Minotaur, a handy practice target, to us and launched into combat after ensuring Maria’s safety. She started incanting from the rear while Lastiara nimbly ran around the corridor.</p>

      <p>The minotaur swung its great axe at Lastiara first. The walloping blow landed right on her, rending her flesh with ease—and her body vanished into thin air. That Lastiara had, of course, been a fake. The genuine article had dashed far away, unscathed.</p>

      <p>“<em>Firefly: Mirage</em>! <em>Firefly: Phantom</em>!” shouted Maria, beaded with sweat.</p>

      <p><em>Firefly: Mirage</em> distorted light through differences in temperature, disrupting the enemy’s ability to tell how close or far its target actually was. <em>Firefly: Phantom</em> used fire to create a humanoid illusion. By combining those two spells, she’d made the minotaur swing and miss.</p>

      <p>Capitalizing on Maria’s magical assist, Lastiara kept running all around the minotaur’s vicinity without any sign of danger. As planned, she stuck purely to confusing it. She didn’t pivot to offense, since our objective was to experiment and see how viable Maria’s support spells were. Lastiara wouldn’t attack until we finished observing Maria’s largest fire spell, <em>Midgard Blaze</em>.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, I was escorting Maria as her bodyguard.</p>

      <p>“Burn, nixfire! At the mercy of threads and oneiric reeling—”</p>

      <p>This was the first I’d heard that incantation. She hadn’t said anything like it before. I suspected Alty had put the words in her head. I got the sense that the more she incanted, the higher the temperature around her rose.</p>

      <p>Once the incantation was complete, the spell was fired. “Swallow the stars! <em>Midgard Blaze</em>!!!”</p>

      <p>With those words, Maria’s hypercompressed magic energy converted into flame. A pillar of fire rose up behind her, rearing up in the form of a giant snake. The fiery serpent opened its maw wide, slithering through the air just like the organism it mimicked.</p>

      <p>Sensing the surge of fire magic, Lastiara distanced herself from the minotaur, which also took note of the mystic flames—but not before it was too late. The minotaur girded its tough, muscle-bound body in an attempt to endure the flame serpent, which bit down mercilessly, its scorching fangs digging into the minotaur’s flesh, its length coiling and constricting the enemy. The minotaur was at once crushed and burned alive. It brayed sorrowfully before it was reduced to ashes in the conflagration. The ashes then turned into light and disappeared, leaving behind only a magic gem.</p>

      <p>Maria was wheezing. “Wha... What do you think, Master?!”</p>

      <p>She’d done great, but I was more concerned than elated. That spell had taken a massive toll on her. All she’d done was use magic, but a chunk of her HP was gone.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 82/102</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 102/122</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>What did I think? It was just strange. It was hypocritical coming from me, but it was clearly not a spell that it was okay to acquire in such a short span of time.<em> The spell’s too strong for her. And the MP the spell demands ain’t normal either.</em></p>

      <p><em>Firefly</em>’s application was anomalous enough already, but <em>Midgard Blaze </em>was particularly weird. The punch it packed was above her level, and there was also the hit her physical condition took after using it. No matter how high-level the spell was, it wouldn’t normally make her shed so much stamina just by casting it. While I had once had to dig into my HP to cast spells myself, this was another thing entirely. In my case, I hadn’t had any MP left, so my max HP was used instead. There was nothing more to it than that. <em>Midgard Blaze</em>, on the other hand, had depleted her HP even though she had MP left. The spell itself ran on HP. Sure, it didn’t decrease her <em>max</em> HP, but it was still a deviation from the norm. The all-too-unique spell had me lost for words; I looked at Lastiara for help.</p>

      <p>Lastiara sensed my gaze. “I’ve never seen that magic either. Nor that method of use. I can see it too. The spell doesn’t just cost her MP.”</p>

      <p>“That’s correct,” Maria explained. “The two spells Ms. Alty gave me, <em>Midgard Blaze</em> and <em>Flame Flamberge</em>, consume HP <em>and</em> MP. But since if the enemy lands a blow on me, I’d die in one hit anyway, I don’t have to worry about my HP, do I?”</p>

      <p>I didn’t detect an ounce of hesitation or discomposure in her. She was speaking with a matter-of-fact tone. Of course, her reasoning was sound. If this were a video game, spending HP was just another option that might lead to optimal play. Yet Maria was made of flesh and blood, not ones and zeroes. She was right there, living and breathing. She was alive...</p>

      <p>And she was suffering bodily distress. Firing that spell left her left huffing and puffing. This was real life. Her HP was down; I’d witnessed her take a step closer to the grave.</p>

      <p>“That may be true,” I rebutted, “but it’s not pragmatic. From what I can see, you’re worn ragged. In that state, your ability to concentrate and make judgments is impaired. And that’ll be detrimental in combat. Let’s not cross any thresholds we can’t return from. It’s not a spell you can cast over and over.”</p>

      <p>“My job is to craft spells from the rear. I’m not fighting on a second-by-second basis like you two do, so getting a little winded isn’t going to affect anything. Besides, the idea that I shouldn’t lose any HP while in the Dungeon is too optimistic and naive.”</p>

      <p>She was right. Logic was on her side more than mine. If we aimed to Dungeon dive in an efficient manner, that was the way to do it. My argument was based on emotion—on a bad premonition, nothing more.</p>

      <p>Lastiara stepped between us while we were staring each other down. “Sieg, Maria’s making more sense than you are.”</p>

      <p>“Maybe so, but still...”</p>

      <p>“It’ll be okay. She’s only just satisfied the minimum baseline. There’s no need to be worried, but she’s also not strong enough to keep up with us in battle just yet.”</p>

      <p>In other words, according to Lastiara’s cold assessment, even if that killer spell worked wonders on Floor 19, it wasn’t up to snuff beyond it.</p>

      <p>Maria wasn’t giving up so easily. “Then let’s test it, if you please. Let me hit Floor 21 one more time. I’ll show you that my being with you will increase your efficiency.”</p>

      <p>Maria’s will was ironclad. She wanted to fight on the front line.</p>

      <p>“Yep, of course,” replied Lastiara cheerfully. “And you’ll see right away that you’re not there yet.”</p>

      <p>With that, she walked towards Floor 20. Maria followed her with forceful strides. I didn’t stop them; I understood what Lastiara was thinking. She was going to teach Maria a lesson sooner rather than later. Lastiara and I came to the same conclusion because we could see the same information.</p>

      <p>Maria had a few more rounds in her chamber. I followed after them unhurriedly, running simulations of the exit strategy I’d be using, considering Maria’s limitations. When we reached Floor 21, we assumed the formation we’d envisioned beforehand. Just like with Floor 19, Lastiara played interference at the front while Maria concentrated on casting her spell.</p>

      <p>This time around, there would be enemies that could get past the wall that was Lastiara. When that happened, I would carry Maria away while she focused on incanting.</p>

      <p>“I leave my life in your hands,” she told me with the utmost faith in me. While she was focusing on her magic, she stopped being able to grasp her surroundings. She was truly leaving the safeguarding of her life entirely to me.</p>

      <p>We started advancing, always keeping our formation intact. <em>Dimension</em> detected a lone fury. We immediately took our optimal positions, ready to snipe. It was a rehash of what I’d done with Dia.</p>

      <p>The target was a few hundred meters away. It was behind a single corner. I was told that because Maria’s spell boasted high maneuverability, it could turn that corner no problem. I explained the monster’s exact position and the structure of the corridor to her.</p>

      <p><em>“Midgard Blaze</em>!”</p>

      <p>The fire wyrm that snatched away a big chunk of Maria’s magic energy pushed its way through the corridor, landing on the enemy without a hitch. It sank its flaming fangs into the slow-moving fury, which quickly combusted. It did not, however, die immediately. Unleashing its final screams, it called for other monsters before perishing. This was where things got serious.</p>

      <p>“Excellent; that’s one done. But it’s called for reinforcements. Quick, let’s go someplace else.”</p>

      <p>Maria was wheezing, which was a given after losing HP along with her MP, but she was exultant. “I did it!”</p>

      <p>She was staggering as she walked. Lastiara looked on with amusement while I watched and mulled it over dispassionately. We only had a few more battles left. I had to position myself so that I could retreat to Floor 20 at any time. Due to that, I couldn’t ever put my back into any of the battles to come.</p>

      <p>“Over here, you two.”</p>

      <p>Leading Lastiara and Maria, I ran to the next point to commence the second battle. After traveling a few hundred meters, we were flanked by two Furies, unable to shake off the swarming monsters.</p>

      <p>Maria immediately launched her support spells, the twin <em>Firefly</em> combo, before switching over to incanting <em>Midgard Serpent</em>. Lastiara and I each took on one of the Furies, which locked onto us since we were in front of them. They didn’t try to hurt Maria; however, as her magic energy swelled, the Furies’ priorities shifted. Just before Maria’s spell was complete, they tried to dodge our moves to contain them in a do-or-die rush.</p>

      <p>I shoved my sword back into my inventory and dashed for Maria at top speed. Taking her in my arms in a princess carry, I ran from the fury. Maria completed her spell as I did so.</p>

      <p>“<em>Midgard Blaze</em>!”</p>

      <p>Manifesting the flame serpent even as she lay in my arms, she fired it at the pursuing monster. Since it was charging straight for us, it had no means of avoiding the snake that hit it head-on. Engulfed in flame, it shuffled off the mortal coil just as the minotaur before it had.</p>

      <p>The great snake’s onslaught was not done. After burning one fury to cinders, Maria continued to manipulate it, directing it to attack the one that Lastiara was containing.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara!” I shouted. “The spell’s coming for it; fall back!”</p>

      <p>“Copy that!”</p>

      <p>She had been letting the fight with the fury drag on because she’d been waiting for the spell. She pulled away without any trouble, and the blaze beast attacked. Like before, the fury departed this life in one hit.</p>

      <p>Our enemy had been exterminated for the time being. Maria stared at the vestiges of the incinerated monsters with satisfaction, but she was sweating more than normal. It was clear she’d frazzled her nerves, not to mention the HP in her menu had dropped sharply. She needed rest.</p>

      <p>After hearing the Furies’ call, even more monsters in the area rallied. At this rate, we’d be surrounded by greater numbers of them. I determined the enemy’s positions and searched for a safe route back to Floor 20. While I carefully selected the route, I shouted to Lastiara, who was collecting a magic gem.</p>

      <p>“Another monster’s coming now! C’mon, Lastiara, let’s move it!”</p>

      <p>I started running, Maria still in my arms. Despite her reluctance to cause me trouble, I could hardly let the wheezing girl run herself. After advancing some distance, our way was blocked by a trio of Furies. This time, we weren’t encircled; we bade Maria stay at the rear, keeping the Furies at bay. I waited until she started incanting before turning my attention to the Furies in front of us. Lastiara and I coordinated our efforts, battling such that the three monsters couldn’t slip behind us. Since it was a straight corridor and the monsters were positioned right where we wanted them, we were able to buy enough time. The fire snake wended its way through the air from behind.</p>

      <p>Thanks to <em>Dimension</em>, I successfully pulled away with the proper timing. Lastiara, meanwhile, couldn’t dodge in time; she must have lacked a way to perceive what was behind her. I regretted not calling out to her. She was always moving in ways that beggared belief, so I’d gotten too confident that she could time it perfectly. The fire serpent seized one of the Furies, but as an aftereffect, my coordination with Lastiara fell apart. Another of the Furies used that chance to run towards Maria. I tried catching up to it, but I was stopped in my tracks by the third of its ilk. Lastiara tried to run after it too.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Lastiara,” Maria cried, “it’s okay! <em>Streak, shredfire</em>!”</p>

      <p>Maria stopped directing the fire snake and started incanting something else. Lastiara continued running to her rescue, just in case.</p>

      <p>“<em>Flame Flamberge</em>!”</p>

      <p>Fire jetted out of Maria’s hand, instantly condensing into the shape of a sword. The flame blade expanded with more fire, stretching towards the fury bearing down on her. She did a good job piercing the fury’s torso, but when she attempted to burn it, she found her “blade” lacked the firepower to do the job. Part of it was the brevity of the incantation, and part of it was the fact that the spell itself was simply weak compared to <em>Midgard Blaze</em>. The fury moved forward despite the fire sword in its gut, but was stopped by Lastiara’s sword.</p>

      <p>That did the trick; the fury fell to the floor and turned into light. The only one left now was the one I was facing, but Lastiara and Maria joined me, and we mopped it up. With the three Furies defeated, Lastiara and I collected their magic gems, but Maria was breathing so hard, she couldn’t take a single step.</p>

      <p>“Maria, let’s turn back to Floor 20...” I said.</p>

      <p>She couldn’t reply. She tried to, but she was panting too hard. It had only taken a handful of battles to wear her out to this extent.</p>

      <p>I carried her and headed for Floor 20 alongside Lastiara. Maria was saying something or other in my arms along the way, but I couldn’t make out what.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Maria was sitting with her legs in a W, gasping for breath.</p>

      <p>“...long story short, Mar-Mar,” lectured Lastiara, “what you lack is staying power. If you cast spells that are above your station, your MP’ll run out in no time.”</p>

      <p>We were in front of the <em>Connection</em> portal on Floor 20, conducting a postmortem review now that we’d reached safety.</p>

      <p>Maria hung her head. “So... So it’d seem... Looks like it’s not happening, huh...” She was painfully aware that Lastiara was speaking the truth. She had no rebuttal. She gently got to her feet and smiled.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>