<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_2"><div class="main">

      <p>He admitted to tailing me like it was no big thing. I was astonished, and I had every confidence he wasn’t lying—that was how high and uncannily well-rounded Palinchron’s stats were.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Why follow me?”</p>

      <p>“I heard my master’s sweet on you, so I ended up being the first to come size you up.”</p>

      <p><em>His master’s “sweet on me”? </em>That was news to me.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know what you’re talking about. Is this master of yours Franrühle?” She was the only one I could think of.</p>

      <p>“Franrühle? Nope, it ain’t her. Wasn’t expecting a Hellvilleshine girl to pop up in our conversation. You really are an intriguing one, kid.”</p>

      <p>“I know nothing of this master of yours.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, is that so? Well, that’s just fine. I’m just the first in line to meet you out of curiosity. I was merely observing, so you haven’t got a thing to worry about.” He turned his back on me and raised a hand in parting. “Be seeing ya, kid.”</p>

      <p>Then he walked outside. I wanted to run after him and grill him, but his lofty level barred me. I didn’t know what would happen if we fought each other. If he was going to leave me alone, then it suited me not to chase him too insistently.</p>

      <p>When Palinchron disappeared from view, the tension in my body dissipated. I glanced at Maria, who was still staring at me. I realized then that she’d been watching that whole time. Sensing the idiosyncrasy lurking inside her, I dropped my shoulders—I’d made nothing but trouble for myself.</p>

      <p>I took her by the hand. “Follow me.”</p>

      <p>Maria nodded slightly. “Yes.”</p>

      <p>In the end, I was left with one “slave” I’d impulsively paid to free. And yeah, I knew now that I lacked the force of will to overlook the slave issue. And also, that even if I obtained a huge sum unbefitting of my station, I couldn’t spend it wisely. That had been proven without a shadow of a doubt. I vowed to never visit a slave market again, returning to my new home with Maria’s cold hand in mine.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The moment I got home, I checked out the bathtub, which made ample use of magic gems, supplying heat from the ley lines stretching outside. Needless to say, turning on that heat cost me money. By means of magic energy, the water in the tub turned nice and hot.</p>

      <p>Maria had been made somewhat presentable by the slave market, but she was still dirty compared to your average person.</p>

      <p>“The water’s hot, so how about taking a bath? Just get clean enough and I’ll be happy.”</p>

      <p>“A bath, sir?” She goggled at it.</p>

      <p>“Do you not know what a bath is?”</p>

      <p>“No.”</p>

      <p>“It’s just cleaning yourself with water. It’s hot, so be careful.”</p>

      <p>“Huh. I see. Understood.”</p>

      <p>Slowly, ploddingly, she began preparing to enter the tub. She was a girl of minimal words. I was guessing that while she was interested, she still had her guard up, which was probably why I was having a tough time judging what kind of person she was. All I knew was that she was good at cooking and hunting—in other words, what her menu told me of the numbers at work behind her.</p>

      <p>I left the bathroom and headed to the kitchen, where I took the food I’d stocked up on from my inventory. As the kitchen was also furnished with magic gem tech, I could easily turn on an open flame, but I chose instead to produce some bread and veggies and make her a rudimentary sandwich and salad. However, Maria didn’t come out from inside the bathroom. I decided to call out to her through the door between the bathroom and living room.</p>

      <p>“Maria, are you gonna be a while yet?”</p>

      <p>“Ah, no, I’m finished. It’s just, the water on my body...”</p>

      <p>“Dry yourself with the cloth that’s thereabouts. You can slap on whatever clothes you want.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>I had the minimum necessary for daily life ready to go from the start, and I encouraged Maria to use what was available.</p>

      <p>Through the door, I could hear her rummaging around, and before long, she emerged from the bathroom wearing new, beige clothes. She said nothing and simply came over to me. It was a bit awkward as she was a little girl right out of the bath, but I remained expressionless so as to feign unflinching composure.</p>

      <p>Her hair, which fell down to her shoulders, was still wet and disheveled. I dried her hair using a nearby cloth and prompted her to come to the table where her meal was laid out for her.</p>

      <p>“Sit there. It’s late, I know, but have some dinner.”</p>

      <p>She exhaled listlessly. She seemed nonplussed that she had a meal. She came to the table with an unsteady gait and took a seat, and I sat across from her. I started eating without a word, but Maria just sat there with the sandwich in her hands, that mystified look still in her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Something wrong?”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s just, this isn’t what I was told would happen...”</p>

      <p>“Oh? What were you told?” I was curious what slaves heard on the grapevine.</p>

      <p>“That I’d rue the day I was born a girl and bite my tongue within a day’s time...”</p>

      <p>I instantly regretted asking. I nearly spat out the bit of sandwich in my mouth. This was reaffirmation that I should stay far away from any topic that had to do with slaves.</p>

      <p>“You’re going to violate, torment, and break me, I presume?”</p>

      <p>“Not me. You can rest assured for now.”</p>

      <p>“‘For now,’ you say?”</p>

      <p>“Just bear in mind I might sell you off as early as tomorrow if I feel like it. I think I’ll be needing the resolve to do just that, so consider yourself on standby. The fact I took you in today was a mistake on my part. I lost myself for a moment.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know what I’d do with her from here on out. Maria wasn’t cut out for Dungeon dives by any standards. My buying her had been nothing more than a stopgap measure. If the situation called for it, I might be forced to make my money back by reselling her. That was the only conclusion I could draw if I thought about it with a cool head.</p>

      <p>Yet despite my words, I surmised that I wasn’t actually capable of such a thing. My will was too weak to do even that much. That was why Maria was here to begin with. And more than anything else, she bore too much of a resemblance to my sister. I was determined to find some value in her besides clearing the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>“Hm...then why did you buy me?”</p>

      <p>“I’ve got a question for <em>you</em>. Why were you staring at me?”</p>

      <p>I answered her question with another question partially because I didn’t want to share my reasons, but also because chances were high that if she hadn’t been staring at me, none of this would have occurred. This was me venting, or at least something close to it.</p>

      <p>“Because of your black hair and eyes,” she replied through a mouth full of sandwich.</p>

      <p>An uncomplicated answer. It was true that the combination was rare in this world, but it was still a bit bathetic as a reason.</p>

      <p>“That’s it? But you’ve got black hair and eyes too.”</p>

      <p>“That’s precisely why. This hair and these eyes are the reason my clan was eradicated. They’re why I go for such a high price. I couldn’t help but be curious about you, since you have the same coloring as me,” she said, running a hand through her own hair.</p>

      <p>I had a feeling she was telling the truth. As such, I thought I’d properly answer her question.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry to hear that. Incidentally, it was pure coincidence I bought you. We have a strange bond of fate linking us, you and I. Thanks to that, my heart ached a lot more than anybody else’s would have, and I bought you to satisfy myself. That’s all there is to it. I swear, that’s all it was.”</p>

      <p>In reality, my circumstances were a tangled web, but it was a long story and I didn’t want to get into it.</p>

      <p>“Understood. But did your heart not ache for the other slaves?”</p>

      <p>“It did. I don’t want to think about them, so don’t bring them up.”</p>

      <p>“Is that so? Well, you might be fine with that, but my own heart aches for the other slaves, considering how I got off.”</p>

      <p>Maria’s reservations regarding talking to me were fading away, and her personality was coming to the fore. Her brutal honesty stuck in my craw a little.</p>

      <p>“You’re pretty cheeky for a slave. You think I won’t have a change of heart if you offend me?”</p>

      <p>“I’m confident in my eye for character. I’ll be fine.” She continued eating her food with perfect aplomb.</p>

      <p>My knowledge of the world wasn’t exactly robust, but I found it impossible to believe that this was the typical attitude for a slave to take. Just moments ago, Maria had been quiet, intent on observing and not speaking. Had she really gazed into the heart of me in less than a minute?</p>

      <p>“How can you be so sure?”</p>

      <p>“You’re the type of person who, when they encounter the meek and feeble, both sympathizes with them and feels relieved,” she answered with flawless accuracy.</p>

      <p>I was dumbfounded.</p>

      <p>“By saving people in distress, you can ride a sense of satisfaction and accomplishment. All in all, you could never bring yourself to lay a hand on me. You’re too kind a person.”</p>

      <p>Maria’s eyes were trained on mine. They were no longer the lifeless eyes from when she was on the stage at the slave market. They’d morphed into eyes similar in character to Palinchron’s—the kind that saw through anything and everything.</p>

      <p>Her character assessment took my breath away. Or maybe it was better described as choking. Maria had evaluated me with confidence, picking out things about me that even I hadn’t grasped. The girl who knew me better than I did was beginning to scare me. By force of habit, I used Analyze on her.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Maria</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 31/41</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 35/35</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Slave</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 3</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 0.89</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 2.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 1.23</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 0.73</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 1.07</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 1.91</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 0.42, Languor 0.89</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Perception 1.44</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Hunting 0.67, Cooking 1.07</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Her menu was nothing to write home about—save for one strong point. Put simply, the Perception skill was Maria’s core. I suspected she’d used it to pick me out of that wide venue full of people, and right now, she was using it to unmask my inner being, thereby putting her in an advantageous position.</p>

      <p>I played hardball so that she wouldn’t walk all over me. “I won’t hurt you, but I could still sell you.”</p>

      <p>“Do as you please,” she said, undaunted. “I can hardly stop you, after all.”</p>

      <p>I exhaled. She’d had everything taken from her, yet her attitude was firm and resolute. In the face of that, I felt something not too far removed from respect for her. I was embarrassed at myself for thinking she’d bend to my will just because she was technically a slave. That wasn’t at all the case. I was face-to-face with another unique person, not a pawn, and this was what it entailed. Sure, Maria was a special case, but I’d been trying to obtain someone different from the usual slave to begin with, so that was a moot point.</p>

      <p>I sighed. “Are all slaves this much of a pain in the neck? Talk about a lapse in judgment.” Perhaps due to how defeated I felt, the emotions I took care to keep inside me were showing on my face.</p>

      <p>“W-Well, I mean, I hold a grudge since my clan was massacred by city dwellers...” she responded, a little panicked.</p>

      <p>“In that case, you should’ve just trembled in fear like a normal person. It’d have made things easier.”</p>

      <p>“You really do love it when people are <em>weak</em>. Makes me want to vomit.”</p>

      <p>“I’m saying I’d have liked someone who knows how to behave. You know what, whatever. I give up. Just do whatever you want. You should sleep in that bed over there. I’ll sleep over here. I’ll think about things tomorrow, so don’t wake me up.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t bother washing the utensils I’d used to finish my meal before throwing myself on the sofa. I’d given up on maintaining the reins, prioritizing sleep for the moment.</p>

      <p>“Wait, hold on a second!” shouted Maria. “The choker! Aren’t you going to register it? Otherwise, some rando might snatch me up!”</p>

      <p>I didn’t know what Maria was so anxious about. I lifted my head to find her pointing at the blank, unregistered choker. I recalled the information I’d learned at the slave market: when one spills blood on the choker, the master-slave relationship becomes official, the contract sealed. I’d heard it was to prevent slaves from fleeing.</p>

      <p>“Oh yeah, now that you mention it, that <em>is</em> a thing, huh? Stay still a sec.”</p>

      <p>I picked up the Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan, which had been leaning against the wall.</p>

      <p>“Eek!” Maria’s blank expression suddenly changed.</p>

      <p>“Oh, sorry. You’re afraid of blades, huh?” I said, taken aback by her reaction. “No need to worry. My hand’s not gonna slip, so stay still. Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>.”</p>

      <p>I lightly swung it downward. It sliced through the choker without being a millimeter off. Apparently, one could go to a dedicated facility to do it, but this method sufficed for me. I knew that since the choker wasn’t contract-sealed, I wouldn’t get in trouble for destroying it.</p>

      <p>“Argh!” she screamed, though she didn’t recoil from the sword swing.</p>

      <p>“If you wanna run, then run.” I leaned the sword against the sofa and lay myself back down. If she wanted to run, then there was nothing for it. I’d just chalk it up as my having paid four pieces of gold for some peace of mind. In fact, I’d be grateful if she ran so that I wouldn’t have to think about her anymore.</p>

      <p>Maria looked stunned. She picked up the broken choker and muttered, “There is such a thing as good-natured to a fault.”</p>

      <p>“I’m not ‘good-natured.’ I abandoned so many people. I’m just a coward who only feels safe near weaklings.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “I was just joking earlier.”</p>

      <p>My eyes were already shut. My hand was grasping the sword, just in case, but apart from that I was totally reclined.</p>

      <p>Yet Maria continued talking. “I can run, you say... But there isn’t anybody in this country who’d help me. I don’t have anywhere to go back to. That’s why I’m a slave to begin with. I don’t have anywhere to run <em>to</em>. Half-baked kindness won’t change a thing.”</p>

      <p>“I know. I just don’t care. I’m going to sleep.”</p>

      <p>Those who were brought here as slaves couldn’t survive without relying on the masters who bought them. That was what Maria told me, and it occurred to me that that meant the people who helped those slaves also had nowhere to run, myself included. If I could be said to have a place to go back to, it wasn’t in this world. I was something of a slave myself, I reckoned. A slave who existed solely to clear the Dungeon.</p>

      <p><em>But if I’m a slave, then who’s my master? The Dungeon? The “game”?</em></p>

      <p>“Goodnight...mine master...” I heard her say, my eyes shut.</p>

      <p>“Don’t take the piss.” Her calling me “master” after all that? Now that was premium-grade sarcasm.</p>

      <p>I heard her tuck herself into the bed, and I was relieved I’d finally be getting some winks in. Just like always, I tried working out a plan for the days to come during the time it took me to fall asleep, but I guess I’d been more exhausted than I realized because I plunged into the depths of darkness in no time.</p>

      <p>It had been a long, long day. And now I had a new housemate...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>I washed my face the moment I got out of bed and carried out my Dungeon dive preparations for the day. Now that I’d chilled out a little, I also contemplated how to deal with Maria. The day before, I’d threatened to sell her as a tit-for-tat response, but I decided instead to go with the original plan and put her to use as a Dungeon diving companion. Naturally, the chances were high that she couldn’t handle combat stuff, but there was something I wanted to try using her for. Moreover, that Perception skill was an unknown quantity I aimed to test as well.</p>

      <p>Maria woke up after me, and I told her the gist.</p>

      <p>“...and that’s what I want out of you.”</p>

      <p>“No way, no how. I’d die. It wouldn’t take much to kill me. It’s not happening.”</p>

      <p>“If you don’t like it, then scarper off. But if you intend to live here, then I’m putting you to work. Surely that’s not some huge surprise?”</p>

      <p>Maria caressed her chokerless nape; she appreciated the reasonableness of that demand. “In that case, I’ll help around the house.”</p>

      <p>“I can do housework myself; I don’t need you for that.”</p>

      <p>“But there’s only so much I can do. Are you suggesting I earn money using my body?”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m not. After all, according to a certain someone, I’m too nice a person.”</p>

      <p>“Well, the Dungeon is just too much for me. That’s where even specialists have to lay their lives on the line, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Look, just give it a try. If you think it’s no good, I’ll think of something else for you. Right now, all I want is help with the Dungeon.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...and here I thought you were some softy born with a silver spoon in his mouth. To think you’re a Dungeon diver, of all things. Looks like my days may be numbered.”</p>

      <p>She hung her head in resignation, but there was no pathos there. Perhaps she’d already given up on life. From where I was standing, she didn’t seem all <em>that</em> resistant to the idea of her own death.</p>

      <p>“I’m not gonna let you <em>die</em>. Or even get injured, for that matter,” I promised, Dia’s dismemberment fresh in my mind.</p>

      <p>“O...kay...”</p>

      <p>Maria just stared, bemused by my intensity. She must have thought it was impossible, as anyone would. It was common knowledge that a day seldom went by where divers didn’t breathe their last in the Dungeon. Those eyes told me that she believed a feeble little thing like her dying there was a matter of course. Not on my watch, though. If we didn’t have any hope of victory, I wouldn’t be trying to take her with me.</p>

      <p>Up until now, I’d split my EXP gains down the middle with Dia, but that phenomenon didn’t occur with the party I’d worked with temporarily. It was a winner-takes-all system at base; the one who did the slaying got the points. I often heard people say it was difficult for mages who focused on providing backup to level up. Despite that, my party divided EXP half-and-half. In short, my party was uniquely privileged when it came to level grinding, which tied into Dia’s current level. In all likelihood, all Maria had to do to level up was walk the Dungeon alongside me.</p>

      <p>“Maria, I’ve devised a way for you to make it through the Dungeon. That’s why I want you to come with.”</p>

      <p>“Huh. Okay, I understand.” Bowing to the conviction in my voice, she nodded at last.</p>

      <p>“First things first, let’s prepare by hitting the shops.” I made to exit our house.</p>

      <p>“Yes, mine master.”</p>

      <p>That stopped me in my tracks. “‘M-Master? You don’t have to sweat over what to call me. My name is Siegfried Vizzita, so call me whatever you want.”</p>

      <p>“I’m your slave. Isn’t it obvious I’d call you Master?” she said, smiling faintly.</p>

      <p>“What are you talking about? You’re not a slave anymore. You’ve got no choker.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, I’m starting to think life would be <em>easier</em> for me if I <em>were</em> your slave.”</p>

      <p>“Be that as it may, don’t call me Master. It’s embarrassing.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, but calling you Master is the absolute minimum show of respect for a slave like me. If I don’t abide by that—”</p>

      <p>“You’re just messing with me, aren’t you.” I could tell she was poking fun at me around when she started gabbing about her manners as a slave.</p>

      <p>She chuckled. “Oh no, not at all.”</p>

      <p>I couldn’t get a read on her, but since her eyes were no longer hollow, I said nothing more on the subject.</p>

      <p>“I <em>am</em> your slave, you know. We both know in our hearts that’s true.”</p>

      <p>I knew little of the slave culture. I didn’t have enough information to blindly deny her words, and I couldn’t distinguish between what was meant to be taken earnestly or as a joke. As such, I didn’t respond to that remark.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MARIA HAS JOINED THE PARTY】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>The party’s leader is Aikawa Kanami.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Putting a cap on all that talk about slaves and slavery, we stopped by the shopping district. In order to assemble Maria’s suite of equipment, we had to go buy weapons and armor. Naturally, I used my menu-sight to check the quality of the wares on sale, but there were no bargains or steals to be had in stores oriented towards the general public, where one could find haphazardly arranged shelves of mass-produced goods and nothing else. I casually asked the shopkeepers about higher-priced weaponry, only to be told I’d have to hit up auction houses or special stores connected to Whoseyards. As I was already using a top-class sword in the Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan, I didn’t feel like traveling that far just to get more expensive weapons.</p>

      <p>I gave Maria an easy-to-wield dagger and lightweight yet durable defensive armaments, and with that, I was done shopping.</p>

      <p>“Even a knife feels pretty heavy.”</p>

      <p>“You’ll get used to it in no time.”</p>

      <p>Clad in protective leather gear, Maria was holding her short blade using both hands. Even then, she was unsteady on her feet. Of course, she would become strong enough to wield it, but not so much because she’d get “used to it.” I was planning to level her up to boost her STR stat.</p>

      <p>We turned up at the entrance to the Dungeon, our equipment perfectly optimized.</p>

      <p>“Maria, try climbing onto my back.”</p>

      <p>I had a laundry list of things to check. I squatted down and presented my back to her, making it easier for her by using my scabbard as a seat.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” she said blankly.</p>

      <p>I understood where she was coming from. If I were in her shoes and somebody told me to go piggyback riding before risking our lives in the Dungeon, I’d also wonder if he had a screw loose.</p>

      <p>“I’m being serious. Just trust me and climb on.”</p>

      <p>“Wha?”</p>

      <p>“I’d like to blow right through the first five or so floors, and rather than you running all that way, we’ll be faster if you just stay on my back. It’ll also make it easier for me to protect you.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, okay, I get it... Wait, hold on,<em> what</em>?! I’ve never seen or heard of anybody going through the Dungeon on a piggyback ride!” Maria had been about to nod, only to shake her head.</p>

      <p><em>Damn, almost.</em></p>

      <p>As for why Floor 5, I figured it was the deepest level where Maria wouldn’t die instantly. That was based on my scant battle experience, though, so I honestly wasn’t super confident in my assessment. Nevertheless, this ranked high in the list of things I wanted to test out. I couldn’t back down readily.</p>

      <p>“I’ve never heard of it either, but I wanna try it. We can stop after just a little while. I’m asking nicely.”</p>

      <p>If my reckoning was right, it should have been possible. The STR stat of skilled divers, including massive swordfighters, was around the 5.00 mark, and the same went for their VIT stats. Meanwhile, my STR and VIT had reached the 6.00 mark, which meant that I was now endowed with the strength and stamina of a two-meter-tall man who’d done crazy amounts of muscle training. I wanted to test out how much effort it would take me to carry a 40-or-so-kilogram girl. At a guess, she wouldn’t start feeling heavy until around Floor 5.</p>

      <p>“I... I suppose I’ve no choice.”</p>

      <p>Reluctantly, bashfully, she climbed aboard. I could register her weight in the scabbard, but she was weirdly light. In the past, she definitely would’ve felt heavier to me. I was now convinced my guess was correct.</p>

      <p>“All right. I’m gonna try running now, so hold on tight.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>After making sure Maria was holding on, I deployed <em>Dimension</em> and dashed off.</p>

      <p>“Eek!”</p>

      <p>I ignored her brief little shriek and ran through the Dungeon’s Pathway. My AGI stat was almost double digits, but I didn’t know how fast that’d make me. It wasn’t as though I had a point of comparison.</p>

      <p>Maria put on the brakes right away. “W-Wait, hold on! Please, stoooop!”</p>

      <p>I slowed down. “Too much for you, huh?”</p>

      <p>All she was doing was clinging to me, but even that appeared to consume quite a bit of stamina, given she was gasping for air.</p>

      <p>“N-No, Master, I was just surprised by what a monster you are. I had to stop you because my posture was bad... Okay, now we should be good.”</p>

      <p>This time, she was all in, clinging to me for real. Because we were glued firmly to each other, both of our faces turned red. I didn’t turn to look at her, lest she see how much I was blushing.</p>

      <p>“All right, shall we?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I can take it.”</p>

      <p>Once again, I blasted off without reservation. The farther I ran, the more strength Maria mustered in her arms for clinging. I crossed paths with other divers, and while they were astonished by my excessive speed, I just kept going, putting everyone behind me. Since I was whizzing at an uncommon velocity, I figured they couldn’t get a good look at my face. However, I <em>was</em> standing out, so there was no guarantee nobody would remember what I look like. Until recently, I’d tried to avoid standing out, but I’d given up on that around the time I’d sold Tida’s magic gem in Vart. Part of the reason was that I’d grown too strong to be able to continue to conceal it.</p>

      <p>“Wow! You’re so fast! It’s like I’m riding Alwowna!”</p>

      <p>She must have grown accustomed to the speed, because she was in high spirits now. I was guessing “Alwowna” was the name of some kind of animal. She was probably fine with this speed due to her experience riding said animal. “Hunting” was among Maria’s skills; it could be the case that before she’d become a slave, she’d hunted astride a horse-like animal.</p>

      <p>“Better not to talk too much,” I said. “You might bite your tongue.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right. Understood.”</p>

      <p>With that, I accelerated. It took us less than half an hour to reach Floor 5.</p>

      <p>“W-Wow! Master, we’ve arrived!”</p>

      <p>I was panting something fierce. There was a considerable price to pay for getting here this fast. I’d estimated it wouldn’t get hard for me at just the half-hour mark, but even with a VIT stat of 6.00, it seemed as though sprinting for thirty minutes was no easy feat. Perhaps VIT wasn’t directly connected to what we’d call “stamina” in my world.</p>

      <p>“Ah, are you okay?” she asked nervously.</p>

      <p>“Hff, hff...yeah, I’m okay...”</p>

      <p>I got the result I was expecting in one regard, but the stamina thing wasn’t where I wanted it to be. Then again, I knew for sure that I could run while carrying Maria, which was a great return on my investment—if there was ever an emergency, I was good as gold to whisk us to safety.</p>

      <p>I caught my breath and let Maria down, drawing my sword and pacing away from the Pathway.</p>

      <p>“You’re already on the move again? Couldn’t you rest for a little longer?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t want to waste too much time. Don’t worry; I won’t lose to any of the enemies on Floor 5 even while out of breath.”</p>

      <p>“To my knowledge, even mid-level divers find Floor 5 to be a dangerous area.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, so I hear. But I’m fairly sure I’ll be fine.”</p>

      <p>“I’m saying <em>I’m</em> in danger here,” she rebutted, her voice trembling.</p>

      <p>Earlier, Maria had been having fun riding her human roller coaster, but she’d now remembered that she could die at any moment. I knew how strong <em>Dimension</em>’s enemy sonar and I were, so I was confident there was no way I’d slip up and let her get injured. But Maria didn’t know me well, so she was filled with anxiety. I threw out my chest to erase her apprehension.</p>

      <p>“You’ll be okay. If I wasn’t sure I could protect you, I wouldn’t have brought you.”</p>

      <p>“I, I see. But I’m worried mostly because you’re the type who’d probably mess up when it matters most.”</p>

      <p>She was faltering over her words, but still she got her dig in. I likely had her Perception skill to blame for mouthing off like she was cutting into my core. Taking her admonition to heart, I nodded.</p>

      <p>“I’m giving your safety my full attention.”</p>

      <p>I expanded <em>Dimension</em> over a wide area. I wasn’t worried about MP usage; now that I was Level 10, my MP was around twice the amount I’d had when I’d visited Floor 5 in the past. I spent plenty of MP, picking up on zones with heavy concentrations of monsters and high EXP-yielding boss monsters as we went. We were on the hunt for zones that afforded the most efficient grinding.</p>

      <p>We were headed northeast; a few hundred meters ahead lay a zone densely crowded by monsters. I could tell that among the zones that met my requirements, that was the closest.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go this way.”</p>

      <p>We traveled a few dozen meters and stationed ourselves in a space with an unobstructed view. I re-confirmed where the monsters that were my targets were located within the perimeter. As I hunted them, I performed checks on Maria to make sure she wasn’t about to get attacked. With that, I could finally commence my experiment in earnest.</p>

      <p>“Maria, wait here. I’m gonna go hunt some monsters a sec.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Wait, hold on, sir, hold your horses! Do you mean to abandon me here?”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. I have a skill that senses the positions of monsters, so if you’re ever in danger, I’ll come right back. Granted, if by some small chance you do encounter a monster, run the opposite way.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, yeah, obviously I’ll run. But if I get cornered, that’s it for me.”</p>

      <p>“If you get cornered, then...yeah, guess we’d basically have to give up.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t give up on me!”</p>

      <p>“I was joking. You’ll be okay; I really do know where monsters are inside the Dungeon. Honest.”</p>

      <p>Going by her grumbling, she was perhaps better described as resigned to her fate than convinced. “Uh-huh...so, I’m going to die. And I’m going to get eaten by a monster, at that. I’ll die in a monster’s stomach because I got picked out by my twit of a Master. That ranks third on my list of ways not to die after getting tortured to death and getting burned to death.”</p>

      <p>“Right then, I’ll be back.”</p>

      <p>“Yes sir, go ahead and leave me to the dogs.” She waved her hand, all but rolling her eyes as I dashed off to the monster-heavy zone.</p>

      <p>Maria was right in that the possibility of such a scenario occurring was nonzero. Sure, the Pathway was situated behind her, but if she got flanked by monsters, I might not be able to reach her in time. So I set about annihilating the monsters at the fastest pace I could think of.</p>

      <p>Floor 5 was teeming with beasts and insectoids. Occasionally you’d get special-type monsters against which physical attacks were less effective, such as hangshades. In those instances, I froze them using ice magic and smashed them to pieces, just like I’d done with Tida.</p>

      <p>For the most part, each monster went down with a single strike. I surmised that the reason every monster was getting sliced like so many pieces of paper was probably due to the boost to my Attack Power provided by the Treasured Blade of the Arrace Clan.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, my new policy was to not bother collecting any item drops besides the magic gems of boss monsters. I still had almost ten pieces of gold in savings, so I prioritized optimizing my time and EXP over picking up magic gems that would only fetch copper currency. And more importantly, this time the hunt was of a more experimental nature.</p>

      <p>First, I wanted to measure how easy it would be to level Maria up. Depending on the outcome, I’d devote myself not to exploring the Dungeon but to leveling other people up. It was within the realm of possibility to raise up people one after the other and dispatch them deep into the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>It was also important to measure how distant members of a party could be from one another and still function as a party. If that distance was great enough, I could have Maria wait on the Pathway the whole time. I was sure that having her wait all the way up on the surface would sadly be too far. After all, if it wasn’t, then Dia would be getting some EXP off me while still in his hospital bed.</p>

      <p>After under an hour of hunting, I walked back to Maria. “I’m ba-ack.”</p>

      <p>“Then it’s time to dash! We’re going to run right back home, surely?!” She looked haggard. It hadn’t even been an hour and she’d lost her cool entirely.</p>

      <p>Thinking back, I too had nearly lost my mind from fear just from walking around the Dungeon when I was Level 1. It wasn’t that far in the past, but for whatever reason, it felt like a thousand years ago.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>