<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter4_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“Sieg,” she said quietly so only I could hear, “that condition you just blindly accepted—that the duel ends when either side gets injured—puts you at a huge disadvantage. She’s specialized for that.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? But her stats are so low.”</p>

      <p>Raggie’s stats were the lowest out of all the Celestial Knights I’d encountered so far. I didn’t see anything in her that would warrant that stern expression on Lastiara’s face.</p>

      <p>“She’s an anomaly. A kid with numbers behind her numbers. I won’t tell you more than this, so that I don’t favor either side too much, but try not to lose right at the start.”</p>

      <p>Her eyes were dead serious. She’d been optimistic until I’d accepted Raggie’s new condition. It was the start of the duel I had to watch out for. Presumably, Raggie’s initial attack would be atypical and unpredictable enough to compensate for her stats.</p>

      <p><em>Lastiara’s super favoring my side with that hint...</em> I couldn’t afford to embarrass myself by losing after receiving information like that. I deployed <em>Dimension: Calculash</em> and focused it somewhat stronger than normal.</p>

      <p>“All right, can we get this going?” asked Raggie.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, all good now.”</p>

      <p>We brandished our swords and bowed. The duel was on.</p>

      <p>Right away, I tried to throw out my support spells—</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>F</em>—?!”</p>

      <p>The unidentified blade was stretching towards my throat. As I could see it begin to lengthen through <em>Calculash</em>, I succeeded in shunting its trajectory by lifting up the blade in my hands. Then I gleaned the nature of the blade. She wasn’t moving the opulent weapon she was holding at all. Instead, from her free hand, a blade made of solidified magic was extending out towards me. It wasn’t that I saw it with my eyes and dodged; I only noticed because I had a high-angle view of her whole body through my magic. If I’d battled her normally, I’d have taken the hit for sure. It was only thanks to Lastiara’s words of warning, and to the special qualities of my magic, that I managed to block the attack.</p>

      <p>With her opening move deflected, Raggie retracted her blade of magic, her expression flustered.</p>

      <p>“Gah! That was so clean!”</p>

      <p>Without taking a moment to breathe, she launched her second and third attacks, which I parried using the point of my sword. We were around ten meters apart, but it felt like we were fighting a stone’s throw away from each other. It was akin to fighting a laser gun that was firing nonstop.</p>

      <p>But just as Lastiara had said, it was only the opening move I had to watch out for. As long as I knew the trick, she was no match for me. Raggie’s technique wasn’t polished. Put simply, her sense for battle could use work. Hit accuracy was all-important, but she was lacking in that department.</p>

      <p>I grew accustomed to the stretching blade, and when I began closing the distance while deflecting her attack, she threw up her hands in surrender.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I just can’t deal anymore. Might be my first time losing with such an advantageous condition in place.”</p>

      <p>Raggie boisterously heaved her elegant sword into the ground and threw in the towel.</p>

      <p>“That was a fun match,” I said. “Thank you.”</p>

      <p>“Oh no, thank <em>you</em>,” she replied.</p>

      <p>We got close and shook hands with lovely smiles on our faces. It was sports-club enthusiasm writ large.</p>

      <p>In the back, Raggie’s senpai, Ms. Radiant, was barking her head off, but I chose to ignore it. Raggie answered her colleague with a half-smile.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, it couldn’t be helped! This dude’s strong, and he seems nice, and he’s hot. Is there a problem? If milady didn’t beat me to him, I might’ve fallen for him, you know?”</p>

      <p>In response, the wolf kept barking noisily. Raggie interpreted for us:</p>

      <p>“Err, what was that? ‘We must not allow a maiden as sweet, lovely, and pure as our lady, so very like an immaculate flower petal made of winter’s first snow, to be snatched away by a knave like him’? If you ask me, our lady’s a right scheming stinker, but okay.”</p>

      <p>“Golly,” said Lastiara, “you’re so mean, Raggie. I’m just frank when I talk to you, that’s all. ‘Scheming’? Is that what you think? I might cry...”</p>

      <p>She pretended to be wounded by Raggie’s words, feigning boohoos and breaking down into tears. This caused the formerly barking wolf to start snapping at Raggie.</p>

      <p>“Augh! Stop it, miss, please! See, that’s what I meant by ‘scheming’! She’s faking it!”</p>

      <p>After the knight and the wolf roughhoused for a bit, I told Raggie to make sure that she strictly observed the terms of our agreement. Raggie vowed that as a knight, she would never break her oath. After calming the agitated wolf, the two made to leave the chamber.</p>

      <p>“Ah, right, see you. Till next time, milady,” said Raggie. “And I’ll be seeing you too, Studs.”</p>

      <p>Laid-back as ever, she started walking towards Floor 19, heading for the surface. Since we had a means of teleporting, we didn’t follow them up, waving goodbye until they disappeared from view.</p>

      <p>And with that, I had beaten the third of the Seven Celestial Knights.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>