<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1_1"><div class="main">
      <p>The rats set their tiny limbs in full motion as they ran through the dark Dungeon corridor. Alty, moving with a speed that reminded me of the boss monster I had fought not so many days prior (the Thief of Darkness’s Essence, Tida), extended a sword of flame from behind the rats and slashed at them. I was a little worried the fire would ignite her clothes, but then again, this was the Thief of Fire’s Essence we were talking about. She exercised flawless control over the intensity of her flames.</p>

      <p>Cloven by the fire blade, the Grain Rats burst into light and faded away. Dead monsters left no corpses in the Dungeon. All they left behind were crystals called magic gems. Alty picked up the gems that had dropped to the floor in their wake and tossed them to me with a boastful look on her face. It wasn’t hard to tell she wanted compliments. She was just like a cat that had brought home some prey.</p>

      <p>“Yeah huh, you’re so amazing and strong. Give it a rest and get a move on.”</p>

      <p>Alty pouted a bit. “Hmph. Aren’t you being a bit cold to a well-meaning ally? Would it kill you to throw me some genuine praise?”</p>

      <p>“I just did. And it goes without saying you’d be amazing, given you’re a Guardian and all.”</p>

      <p>“You can never just be straight with somebody, huh, Sieg?” She stooped with an expression that screamed <em>good grief</em> and started down the corridor as she was told.</p>

      <p>I didn’t let my guard down, staring at her as she walked ahead. Alty was being cooperative. She was a bit of a chatterbox, sure, but she was contributing her services to my Dungeon exploration, demonstrating goodwill through her actions. But that didn’t mean I could discard my suspicions so readily. Everything about her was too shady for that.</p>

      <p>This morning, when I had bumped into Alty, I’d heard her wish, and it was a vague one: to “make an unrequited love not so unrequited.” Afterwards, I listened to her speak on that more—it wasn’t that she had some special crush. That being said, if Alty could fall in love and see that love requited, it would apparently be ideal, according to her. Yet she put herself down by stating, “I’m not the kind of entity that <em>can</em> fall in love.” It seemed she’d given up on something in life. That was why she’d settled on a compromise; she wanted me to introduce her to someone who <em>was </em>in love. From the sound of it, if she witnessed that infatuation, felt it vicariously, and saw it requited with her own eyes, her attachment to this world would finally be severed.</p>

      <p>It was humdrum stuff. And it was dubious at best. I had my doubts that the whole story was true. Not that I could turn her down anyway.</p>

      <p>When Alty spoke of love and romance, she seemed as young as her appearance would have one believe. Her eyes sparkled like a young lady in love with love itself. And if I declined to humor her, she’d likely take it pretty bad, and I had no idea how she’d react. Offending a monster of a power level comparable to Tida’s was a minefield and a half. As such, after giving it quite a lot of thought, I’d decided to pretend to take on her request. After all, so long as she claimed to come in peace, postponing a battle with her was the best call. And then there was the fact that thrusting a sword at a monster bearing the face of a little girl was not that easy on the conscience. Finally, the calculating side of me figured that the more time passed, the safer I was thanks to my level rising.</p>

      <p>All of this meant that, reluctant though I was, I had my reasons for walking through the Dungeon alongside Alty.</p>

      <p>Aiming to earn my trust, Alty led the way, bopping along in fine spirits. Ever since entering the Dungeon, she had talked about herself during much of our time together in an attempt to close the emotional distance between us.</p>

      <p>“So in other words, Sieg, I’m always thinking, I’d hate to have never known romantic love, you know, being a girl and all.”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, are you even young enough to be a ‘girl’?”</p>

      <p>“Hm, well, I know I’m at least a thousand years old... I think?”</p>

      <p>“So you’re an old biddy, then. It’s high time you rest in peace, granny. For everybody’s sake.”</p>

      <p>“You’re just plain <em>rude</em>, you know that? You’re seriously gonna call a girl this charming and cute ‘granny’? That’s not how you treat a lady, Sieg!”</p>

      <p>“No duh. I’m not treating you as a girl. I’m treating you as a monster.”</p>

      <p>After a light round of self-introductions, we started calling each other by name. We put on the outward appearance of a regular party, or rather, we fulfilled the bare minimum requirements it called for. But I had no intention of continuing my Dungeon diving this way, seeing as I didn’t need a stomach ulcer in my life. I planned to expose Alty’s ulterior motives, and fast. And I’d already puzzled out a plan—soon, I’d deliberately put myself into harm’s way against a monster and make Alty save me. If Alty took that opportunity to try attacking me, then my plan would succeed with flying colors. She would fall for my trap, and I had but to land a grand counterattack against her. If, on the other hand, Alty swooped in to save me, then the plan would still succeed. I’d sing her praises for rescuing me and use that to feign total trust in her. After that, I’d suggest we split up temporarily to increase our efficiency and cast a wider net, and use that time away from her to level up.</p>

      <p>As we walked, I considered the correct timing to spring my scheme. On our way through the Dungeon, two or three floors deep, I spotted a handy candidate.</p>

      <p>“Huh. Never seen that creature before, Alty. It seems to move fairly fast, so let’s flank it.”</p>

      <p>“Good idea. Let me go behind it.”</p>

      <p>The monster was an agile-looking quadrupedal beast. Since it looked so nimble at a glance, Alty approved of my proposal without suspicion. We each inched closer and closer, creating a pincer formation in the process. Once Alty assumed her position behind the monster, we’d attack it at the same time. Or at least, I’d pretend to.</p>

      <p>I knew full well that if we fought it for real, it’d die almost instantly. I was going to make the battle play out unfavorably by getting in Alty’s way and “inadvertently” helping the monster. Then, after making sure Alty distanced herself a little, I’d let it swat away my sword. Thus “defenseless,” my body would be prone to attack. Needless to say, I made it so that at any time, I could pull out a spare sword from my inventory by putting my right hand behind my back. That was how I would playact my embarrassing defeat.</p>

      <p>“Agh! Oh no!”</p>

      <p>I shot Alty a pleading look, taking care to examine what emotion she was exhibiting at that moment. But Alty’s reaction was as straightforward as they come.</p>

      <p>“Sieg!” Fear written on her face, she dashed forward at full speed, but not at me. Thrusting her sword with all her might at the monster, she slammed into it with her whole body. Her assault allowed me to escape. While it tore at her with its claws, her fire spouted, burning the beast to death.</p>

      <p>After rendering the monster into fading light, her gaze darted to me straight away. “Sieg, are you okay?!”</p>

      <p>I sensed no malice, no hostility. These were the words of someone who was truly worried about my well-being. The only one who’d been duplicitous was me.</p>

      <p>“I... I’m okay. Thank you, Alty. Needing to be saved...what a shameful display from me.”</p>

      <p>“Phew... Heh heh,” she laughed, smiling even as blood ran from the tears in her bandages. “Don’t fret it. Allies help each other out. That’s just common sense, isn’t it?”</p>

      <p>I felt nothing but mounting guilt. I wasn’t confident that I was returning her smile convincingly. Alty was a boss monster, and as long as that was true, I couldn’t afford to trust her. I knew that. But my determination to stay the course was fading the more I got to know her.</p>

      <p>It was my menu-sight that categorized her as a monster, and she herself had professed she was a monster as well. Had that not been the case, I would have concluded she was some kind of demi-human peculiar to this world. Here, semifers—who, in my eyes, didn’t differ very much from monsters appearance-wise—were an integrated part of society. If I didn’t have my menu-sight, and if Alty didn’t call herself a monster, and if she had approached me with her current attitude of friendliness, there was no doubt I’d partner up with her without an ounce of suspicion or misgivings. That was just how <em>human</em>, or close to it, she was. She harbored human-level intellect, spoke and emoted like a human, and even looked near enough to one. Was rejecting her really the correct thing to do? Wasn’t I being a horrible person? Was I in the right for treating her as a monster? What if all I was doing was spurning a fellow human being, a person I could talk to?</p>

      <p><em>No, stop thinking about it.</em></p>

      <p>If I brooded too much over it, my “???” skill would trigger. Only a fool would activate it knowing the trigger conditions.</p>

      <p>The monsters were all on their guard. Devoting my energy to that was the safest and most logical course of action. So, just as planned, I started pretending that I’d begun to trust Alty.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, it’s just common sense, you say... All right, fine, I believe you. I know now that you just want me to help fulfill your wish, and you’ve got zero hostility towards me.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, what? You’re good now? And here I was expecting to do this for the long haul.”</p>

      <p>“If I didn’t relent after being rescued, it’d be pitifully childish of me. I’ll trust you, albeit not a hundred percent.”</p>

      <p>“Hmmm, not a hundred percent, huh? Well, that’s good enough for me. I’m a monster and you’re a person, after all.” Alty nodded merrily, and I stared, feeling ashamed.</p>

      <p>“All right, let’s keep moving. Thanks to you, combat’s no sweat. We can dive even deeper.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, boy, did you change your tune, Sieg! You can leave everything to me.”</p>

      <p>Alty seemed to be enjoying this. She led the way again, laughing just like a human girl. I walked behind her, depression whirling in my heart. To the best of my ability, I avoided looking at her face as we resumed our mission.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>Together, Alty and I cleared Floors 4 and 5 without a hitch. That day’s dive had two objectives. The first was to advance through the Dungeon by myself. Dia had assured me that I could do it alone, and it was important that I prove that. Although it was a unique way of doing so, I had achieved that goal. While outwardly, we may have seemed like a party of two, I was, strictly speaking, on my own. In fact, it was an even more frightening situation than if I had actually gone alone, so that was proof enough in my book.</p>

      <p>My second objective was to retrieve Dia’s severed arm. We reached the fifth floor and entered the chamber where we had fought Tida not long ago. However, though I went around and around searching for it, I couldn’t find it. Maybe somebody had taken it away. Or maybe the Dungeon auto-purified. I could imagine there were monsters prowling around who lived off the muck and garbage.</p>

      <p>I put my hand to my chin and wondered, worried.</p>

      <p>“That Dia kid’s arm probably isn’t coming back,” said Alty. “I think it must’ve been swallowed up.”</p>

      <p>“It got swallowed up? By what?”</p>

      <p>“By the Dungeon,” she said with a meaningful air.</p>

      <p>As a boss monster, Alty worked with the Dungeon, so to speak. I had every confidence she was right—Dia’s arm had been swallowed up, never to be seen again. It made no sense to keep searching for it, so we decided to descend to the sixth floor.</p>

      <p>Then, when I expanded my <em>Dimension</em> field to search for nearby enemies, a shrill shriek rang out.</p>

      <p>“Yahhhh!!!”</p>

      <p>After nearly jumping out of my skin, I brandished my sword and scanned my surroundings only to find no one there. The scream had come from someplace hidden from view.</p>

      <p>“Oh, a scream,” said Alty. “What’s your move?” She was walking by me, but unlike me, she was calm.</p>

      <p>In all honesty, screams weren’t uncommon in the Dungeon. Everybody was responsible for themselves when taking it on, so it was smartest to harden one’s heart and ignore it. This scream, on the other hand, wasn’t the type that one could ignore. It was too shrill for that—too much like a kid’s. If it had been an adult’s, I’m sure I would have been able to stay as calm as Alty, but if a kid was in danger, my conscience ached. Yes, I was aware of my selective morality. Yes, I was aware that my sense of ethics was at odds with this cruel fantasy world. But if I left that kid to the wolves, then the already restive nights in this world would grow even more sleepless for me.</p>

      <p>“Sieg. If you’re gonna pull a face like that, then you should go save them.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “What do you think, Alty?” Part of me just wanted a second opinion, but I was also curious about a boss monster’s moral outlook.</p>

      <p>“Saving people is a good thing, obviously. Only, if you’re gonna save them, then you need to commit. Don’t misjudge the extent of your obligation to them. Guess that’s about all I can say on the matter.”</p>

      <p>And so the monster before my eyes shared her eminently reasonable thoughts. However, her tone betrayed a measure of detachment. Though she acknowledged that saving people was a good deed, she had no desire to act herself. “You’re not going to go save them?”</p>

      <p>“Um, no. I’m a monster. I don’t intend to help any humans besides you.”</p>

      <p>Contrary to her beneficent words, Alty’s attitude proved cold. She was abiding by the rules of monsterkind. If I went to go save this kid, I’d be doing it alone. But the scream demanded immediate action. I had no time to waver. Now was the moment to decide.</p>

      <p>“I’ll go save them,” I said, cursing my soft nature. “I’d feel awful if I abandoned them.”</p>

      <p>With that, I expanded <em>Dimension</em> in the direction of the scream. A few hundred meters ahead, a party of four was engaged in combat with a giant monster in a wide corridor. I ascertained that one of those four was in the grips of mortal peril, so I dashed over without waiting for Alty to respond.</p>

      <p>“Ahh,” came Alty’s voice from behind, “I knew it. You’re...”</p>

      <p>Perhaps due to my focusing <em>Dimension</em> on the party of four, I couldn’t hear the rest of the sentence. I tore through the corridor like an animal, leaving Alty by her lonesome. Little by little, the farther I sprinted, the damper the corridor got. I reached the battlefield at last—a zone of watery shallows at the center of which a colossal monster with countless tentacles was running amok. At a glance, it looked like a kraken. Near it, around ten octopus-like minion monsters were squirming and wriggling around.</p>

      <p>One of the four, a blond boy, was hanging upside-down in the kraken’s grasp, his legs wrapped in a tentacle. One of his comrades, a young woman, was trying to rescue him by charging in recklessly. The other two were also attempting to save him, but the octopodes had them walled off and unable to approach.</p>

      <p>It was horrible. A party of adventurers all around my age, among them women and younger children. If I left them to die now, my stress levels would shoot through the roof, which was why I screamed at the top of my lungs: “I’ll save you! I’m not an enemy!!!”</p>

      <p>The first thing I did was tell them I’d come to help. Without that declaration, depending on the situation, they might have assumed me to be a poaching hyena and attacked me. Then, without waiting for a reply, I ran at the tentacled titan.</p>

      <p>The situation at that juncture was only worsening. The poor kid hanging in the kraken’s clutches was being pulled closer and closer to its enormous maw, and the girl who’d attacked the creature so futilely was now caught in another of its limbs.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>!”</p>

      <p>The minion monsters, noticing me barging into the battle, attempted to block my way, but I sharpened my senses through my dimensional magic, dodging them with the minimum movements necessary. First, I reached the point under the girl who was being hoisted up and sliced the tentacle twined around her. I immediately resheathed my sword to catch her in my arms.</p>

      <p>“Eek! Huh?”</p>

      <p>It seemed the girl didn’t know what had just happened. A tick or two later, she realized she was being carried in my arms, and she blushed. I didn’t have the time to explain. I let her down and ran for my next target.</p>

      <p>The blond boy’s predicament was the hairiest. Seconds before the kraken popped him into its mouth, I narrowly managed to slice the tentacle that had a hold of him. I caught him in my arms and rushed right away from the kraken.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Ah...”</p>

      <p>It seemed as though the boy was speechless from fear. I guessed he was a bit younger than me. His face was lily-white, and he was shaking all over. At this rate, he couldn’t move anywhere on his own power. I flashed him the nicest, most reassuring smile I could muster and patted him on the head. “You’re okay now. There’s no need to worry, so stay back a little.”</p>

      <p>“Ah...right...” He’d regained some of his composure, nodding and removing himself from my arms. I waited for him to gain some distance before turning towards the monster once again.</p>

      <p>All that remained was to slay the enemy. Holding my sword aloft, I used Analyze on the oversized squid.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MONSTER】Carapace Kraken: Rank 7</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I reckoned it was around five meters in length. Its innumerable tentacles made it mollusk-like, but its body was more akin to a crustacean. It was like a cross between a squid and a shrimp. From what I could see, its body moved comparatively sluggishly, and its tentacles were its main weapon and asset. Its traits told me it was aquatic in nature, but there was no indication it was using any special or unique abilities. That didn’t mean that dealing with its million-odd tentacles by myself would be anything less than a tremendous pain in the neck.</p>

      <p>Just when I’d decided I had no choice but to augment my support spell even further, that was when fire streaked through the arena.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Fire?”</p>

      <p>I focused on <em>Dimension</em> but still couldn’t grasp where those flames had originated. What I knew for sure was that it wasn’t a spell cast by the four-person party behind me. The fire <em>did</em> move like magic, though. It burned the tentacles, clearly with the aim of aiding me.</p>

      <p>“Could it be...” Under the assumption that they were Alty’s flames, I started attacking the Carapace Kraken in tandem with the fire. As I rent the oncoming tentacles asunder, I found what appeared to be its sense organs and smashed them one by one. For the finishing blow, I leaped above it and plunged my blade into the crown of its head.</p>

      <p>“Gyaaahhh!” came the monster’s piercing cry. Unperturbed, I thrust the blade deeper still, severing the creature vertically. I could tell from the tactile sensation that this blow was certain death, and I wasted no time distancing myself from the dread beast.</p>

      <p>Black ichor sprayed from its wound like a fountain, and its immense frame splashed to the ground. Its tentacles followed suit, immobile. Before long, the kraken dissolved into light and faded away.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>TITLE UNLOCKED: The Dark of Deep Waters</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+0.01 to DEX.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I watched the notification come and go. Next, I set my eyes on the minion monsters in the vicinity. They didn’t disappear in spite of their lord’s demise. Instead, they flew into a rage at the one who had slain their master and attacked me.</p>

      <p><em>Excellent</em>, I thought. Since the monsters that had been trading blows with the other four adventurers were now heading this way, I knew there’d be no casualties. Relieved, I intercepted the octopodes. They attacked in ways that made use of their soft bodies, but they were still too slow. There was no way I could lose after deploying <em>Calculash</em>. It took no time to finish annihilating the throng.</p>

      <p>I stood there, panting. I hadn’t sustained any damage, but because I’d spared no effort, I was breathing somewhat raggedly. Through <em>Dimension</em>, I verified that there were no more monsters in the area. All that remained on the battlefield was the party I had saved and the magic gems that had fallen to the ground of the shoal corridor. The flames that had backed me up had vanished before I knew it.</p>

      <p>“Um, pardon me!”</p>

      <p>It was one of the party members—the girl I’d saved first. She had her long blonde hair in pigtails, and her fashion sense stood out, as everything she wore looked expensive and rather unsuited to the Dungeon. Her indigo-blue attire, which emphasized cleanliness and practicality, looked not unlike a school uniform to me.</p>

      <p>“Err, you guys looked like you were in trouble,” I said. “Was I butting in?” I hadn’t given any thought as to what would come after saving them, so I blurted out that strange question.</p>

      <p>The girl shook her head vigorously. “No, no, I do declare! Not at all!” she said fretfully.</p>

      <p><em>“I do declare”?</em></p>

      <p>That was the first time I’d heard that turn of phrase from someone in this world—no, in <em>either</em> world. Of course, I’d heard it in stories before, but to hear it actually used in conversation surprised me.</p>

      <p>“Oh, really?” I replied. “I’m happy to hear that.”</p>

      <p>“I’m <em>ever</em> so grateful you saved us in the nick of time! Heavens, I can hardly <em>believe</em> you struck that savage monster down in a single blow. If you don’t mind, could you give me your name?!” Her eyes were sparkling and her cheeks were flushed red. Her nostrils even looked a bit flared. Simply put, she was all hot and bothered, which made her shapely, sheltered-princess features look less than elegant.</p>

      <p>“Oh, who, me? I’m no one important,” I said, not giving out my name because I really couldn’t be bothered.</p>

      <p>“Don’t say that! Your name... Please, sir, your name!”</p>

      <p>Cowed by her furious protestations, I caved. “It’s uhh...it’s Sieg.”</p>

      <p>“Ahh, so your name is Sir Sieg. That has such a lovely ring to it,” she said, pondering my alias with a blissed-out expression.</p>

      <p>If I had to sum up my first impression of her in two words: <em>Ah, so I’ve got a </em>head case <em>on my hands. I should’ve just left without a word. Not that it’s too late to do so now.</em></p>

      <p>I tensed my legs, intending to flee the scene, but at that very moment, a spark popped near my ear.</p>

      <p>“Yowch, that’s hot!”</p>

      <p>A floating flame appeared, and I heard a voice—a small vibration audible only to me:</p>

      <p><em>You can’t do that, Sieg. I told you, didn’t I? If you’re gonna take on responsibility, you need to commit.</em></p>

      <p>It was Alty’s voice. It seemed she was accosting me using the same means she’d used that morning—the floating flame. With <em>Dimension</em>, I could “see” it there, hovering by my ear. I replied to the flame under my breath so that no one else could hear.</p>

      <p>“I saved them, didn’t I? What else do you want from me, Alty?”</p>

      <p><em>Isn’t it obvious from looking at them? That girl wants to show you her gratitude. I won’t let you leave until you graciously accept it. That’d be abdicating your responsibility. And that’s the one thing I refuse to allow.</em></p>

      <p>This was the first time Alty had spoken in such a serious tone. Left with no other choice, I appeased her.</p>

      <p>“Okay, sure. If you insist, I’ll at least listen to what they have to say. But do me a favor, show yourself and join the group. If I’m by myself, I’ve got a bad feeling about this.”</p>

      <p><em>Nah, I’ll just watch from the sidelines. ’Cause I’ve got a </em>good<em> feeling about this.</em></p>

      <p>“Oh, oh c’mon, get your butt over here. I’m kinda not wild about this girl.”</p>

      <p><em>Think about it, though. You wouldn’t want word to get out that you’re palling around with a monster, would you? I’ve got the body of a fire monster. No matter how careful I am, there’s always the possibility of something going wrong. As such, I’ll stick to my little flame until they leave you alone.</em></p>

      <p>“I guess you’re not wrong.” But to me, that sounded like nothing more than a convenient excuse. The hope she’d shared with me a moment ago to “see a romance blossom with her own eyes” flashed to mind.</p>

      <p>The problem girl ignored my distress and sidled up to me to take my hand in hers. “Sir Sieg! Could you spare a moment for a chat?! Just a chat!”</p>

      <p>“S-Sure, fine.” I nodded, folding to the pressure.</p>

      <p><em>Hee hee hee</em>...</p>

      <p>It seemed Alty had no intention of butting in, electing to simply laugh and continue observing. There was nothing for it; I was determined to get through what the girl had to say as quickly as possible and then tie a knot on this whole thing.</p>

      <p>Yet that determination meant nothing. It didn’t take long for my first impression—and my regret—to be validated.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“An exam?”</p>

      <p>“Yes indeed! We’re tackling the Dungeon as part of an exam for our academy!” explained the pigtailed young lady, Franrühle Hellvilleshine, enthusiastically. The leader of the party of four, she summed it all up without anybody else chiming in for the most part.</p>

      <p>She and the others were students from Eltraliew, the country located to the Dungeon’s west. I’d heard that the nation boasted an advanced magic-centric culture, with the diligence of its citizenry being a point of distinction. Another distinguishing trait was the large number of educational institutions there. Famously, the biggest academy in all the landmass, located right next to the Dungeon, could be found there. And that was the school Franrühle and her group attended.</p>

      <p>“I see.” None of that had anything to do with me, though I wouldn’t have minded listening to what she had to say when I had more time to spare.</p>

      <p>“The makings of a first-rate Dungeon diver cannot be obtained through the power of pedigree alone. The Dungeon diving exam can only be undertaken by a meritorious few among even the highest-grade class of students.”</p>

      <p>Frankly, I wanted to bolt for the proverbial door, but thanks to Franrühle and her incessant chattering, I couldn’t extricate myself.</p>

      <p>“Wow, that’s amazing. And given how amazing you guys are, I’m sure you’ll do just fine going forward. Right, well, I’ll be getting out of your hair now.”</p>

      <p>“W-W-Wait! Hold your horses! I need to thank you! Please, let me thank you! If I let you go without any token of appreciation for saving my life, it’d tarnish my noble name!”</p>

      <p>Every time I tried to bid them adieu, a frantic Franrühle would get red in the face and stop me. I wasn’t known for my expert ability to read signals, but she was being so blatant that even I could tell. Franrühle clearly wanted me to accompany her. Maybe she wanted to use me to clear this “exam” of hers without a sweat. Or maybe, if I wasn’t being conceited, she was sweet on me.</p>

      <p><em>Hee hee, heh heh heh...</em></p>

      <p>And if I wasn’t hearing things, Alty’s laughter was telling me that chances were it was the latter.</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Liner, you ought to thank him too. Ah, Sir Sieg, this here’s my little brother.”</p>

      <p>The boy who’d been on death’s door stepped forward. Clad in a small-sized uniform, he bore a dignified visage. Compared to his sister, however, Liner was a bit lacking in floridness. He too was blond, but the color of his hair was dull, and the same went for his eyes.</p>

      <p>“Mr. Sieg, sir, I’m truly grateful you saved us from that close shave. But it’s as you can see. You seem like a competent Dungeon diver, Mr. Sieg. Could you knock some sense into my dear sister? Tell her to stop fruitlessly risking her life. Say, ‘scram, you self-indulgent rich girl,’” he said, spitting venom with a dead-tired tone of voice.</p>

      <p><em>Okay. All right. So this is what the kid who nearly died is saying.</em></p>

      <p>“L-Liner! Hush your mouth!”</p>

      <p>“Franrühle, we need to show this gentleman our appreciation right away. Surely we should retrace our steps, leave the Dungeon, and receive him at our estate. That would be best. Let’s give up on this attempt and chalk it up as a wash.”</p>

      <p>From the look of it, Liner wasn’t feeling the Dungeon diving. He was trying to persuade his sister to go home, but I didn’t much care for the idea of getting dragged off somewhere by them. Wasting time being made welcome at some nobles’ estate had no appeal to me. Not when I had a Dungeon to clear.</p>

      <p>“That’s okay, Liner. You don’t need to ‘receive’ me or anything. I’m gonna rush on ahead...”</p>

      <p>“Ah, wait, please, hold on! If you’re gonna leave, then please at least break my sister’s heart first. If you can give her a talking-to, I’ll thank you however you like later!”</p>

      <p>Liner was so desperate that I stopped in my tracks. His sister wasn’t the only shameless one here. He was trying to use this chance to admonish her in some way or other. Yet Franrühle showed no sign of ever backing down.</p>

      <p>“No,” said Franrühle. “I, for one, refuse to withdraw—come what may. This examination isn’t just my concern. The reputation of the House of Hellvilleshine hangs in the balance!”</p>

      <p>I was trapped between two quarreling siblings. But then one of the other party members joined the fray.</p>

      <p>“Hey there, mister. Would you, as a Dungeon diver, be interested in doing a job for me?”</p>

      <p>This third party member was a semifer with a large blade at her waist, though due to the cloth headdress and loose clothing, her appearance was no different from a normal human’s. She told me her name was Elna.</p>

      <p>“A job?” That was the first time I’d heard such a thing. Of course, I probably would have fared better asking no question, but the gamer in me named Aikawa Kanami was beginning to assert himself. He heard “a job” and thought “a side quest.”</p>

      <p>“Yep, that’s right! It’s a job for you. Err...I’ve got a gold piece for you. If you could guide us through the Dungeon, it’s yours for the taking. You seem like a real ace, so payment for your services as our bodyguard’s included. This exam’s a competition, and we wanna place first, see? And I was thinking, you look like the meown for the job. I mean, the man! Mya ha ha, sorry, my accent slipped!”</p>

      <p>Long story short, it was indeed, to put it in RPG terms, a side quest. My curiosity was piqued slightly. And I was also curious what sort of animal ears would pop out if I took off Elna’s headcloth. Judging by her “accent,” the odds were high they’d be cat ears. I had yet to see cat ears in this world, and inquiring minds wanted to know.</p>

      <p>“I, I do declare! Nice idea, Elna! I take it you have no objections to that, Liner?!” said Franrühle, doing her best to cajole her brother.</p>

      <p>Upon seeing Franrühle’s excitement, my presence of mind returned. “Sorry, but I don’t think I <em>am</em> the man for the job. If you need a guide, you should search for a diver who’s older and more experienced. I’m young, as you can see, and I’m wet behind the ears. I’m totally unqualified to be guiding anyone.”</p>

      <p>“Oh my, that’s not true!” said Franrühle, exhibiting a bizarre blind faith in me. “You’re far from out of your depth, Sir Sieg!”</p>

      <p>Her faith in me was on the unhinged end of the spectrum, so she spooked me a little. I distanced myself from her a tad.</p>

      <p>Elna, unable to just watch without doing anything, approached me and whispered. “C’mon, mister, work with me here. It seems like little miss princess has taken a shine to ya. I want her to calm down before she runs wild and <em>starts</em> something, and we can do that by you playing sellsword. Look, I know it’s a pain in the ass, so I’ll double your payment! Two pieces of gold! That’s excessive amounts of money! And our dragonewt can be the one who actually leads the way. Just stick with us until the tenth floor! That’s all we need. And if something comes up, I won’t complain if you ditch us, so just tag along for the time being...”</p>

      <p>Elna looked about ready to cry. Apparently, their “little princess” Franrühle’s reckless rampages were frightening. It was certainly true that one had no idea what she might do in such a state. That was why I wanted to take my leave of her. But sadly, two pieces of gold were too sweet to pass up. Extrapolating from what they’d said, the four were the children of nobles, so it was safe to assume they were all loaded. I was sure she really did mean to pay me that handsomely. Besides, this would be my first side quest, and that was enough to give me a jolt. So in the end, I gave in.</p>

      <p>“O-Okay, I’ll do it. I have some business deeper in the Dungeon, so I don’t mind if I’m just accompanying you folks to the tenth floor. Things sound rough for you too...”</p>

      <p>Faced with the over-the-top payment, the appeal of a side quest, and most of all, Elna’s tearful pleading, I yielded.</p>

      <p>“Thanks a ton, mister.” Elna reported back to her party right away. “You hear that, Fran? It’s settled! Mr. Sieg here’ll escort us to Floor 10 as hired muscle. Great news, ain’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, how delightful! You’ll become a knight who defends me, right, Sir Sieg?!”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>