<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3"><div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: The Fourth Ally</h1>

      <p>I left Maria at home and arrived at the pub. Reporting for work after some time off, I came back to find that nothing had changed. I greeted the manager and Ms. Lyeen and got straight to work. As always, I worked diligently, changing tables and washing dishes, mainly.</p>

      <p>Needless to say, I didn’t neglect to gather information either. When there was a customer who looked approachable enough, I’d obliquely bring up various subjects. If I left it at eavesdropping through <em>Dimension</em>, I wouldn’t get enough information about Floor 20 and how to get there.</p>

      <p>Eventually, I drew information out of a warrior and familiar face, Mr. Krowe. “Wow, so there aren’t many monsters on Floor 14.”</p>

      <p>“Nope, there ain’t. Fourteen’s completely different from Thirteen’s wetlands. It’s a barren wasteland. A big huge desert without a drop of moisture. There aren’t many monsters, and there aren’t many area bosses either. Almost nobody explores that floor or goes hunting monsters there. Usually folks just stick to the Pathway and go straight to Floor 15.”</p>

      <p>“I can see why. If it’s a desert, it must be hot.”</p>

      <p>“That’s the number one reason, yeah. When you’re subjected to those temperatures, it snatches the water outta your body. I hear it’s a floor with lots of unexplored places, and that’s why.”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>Mr. Krowe and I had enjoyed a bond of camaraderie since my first day of work when he had taken the time to talk to me. I’d be working and he’d generally be drinking.</p>

      <p>As I was speaking with him, a group of people entered the pub. They were an unusual bunch; I didn’t recognize any of them, and their outfits weren’t the crude and rough garb that many in Vart wore, but rather clean, beautiful raiments that were works of art. My primary impression of them was that they all looked well-off. Walking at the head of that affluent party was a woman, and I could sense from her general comportment that she was powerful. I used Analyze.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Sera Radiant </code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 256/256</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 101/101</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Knight</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 21</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 6.22</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 7.91</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 8.89</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 10.02</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 5.60</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 7.77</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.57</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INNATE SKILLS: Intuition 1.77</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ACQUIRED SKILLS: Swordplay 2.12, Holy Magic 0.89</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Her level was in the twenties, which put her squarely in the top echelon of humanity. And now she had graced our humble tavern. Her bluish-silver hair swayed as she walked. She had bangs in the form of a single tuft hanging on her left side, and the hair on the back of her head reached her waist. She had animal ears poking out of her hair, and a wolf’s tail, so I reckoned she was a semifer. What stood out the most were her sharp, wolflike eyes—through which one could get a sense of how stern she was. Her attire looked easy to move in, and she had on a minimal amount of silver protective gear in addition to the sword she wore at her waist.</p>

      <p>The woman scanned the pub, searching for something. The other patrons were starting to take note of the group and wonder what they were all about.</p>

      <p>The woman must have grown impatient, as she then spoke for all to hear. “I’m told a man named Sieg works here.”</p>

      <p>My heart skipped a beat. Getting singled out like that was the last thing I was expecting. At her words, gazes shifted to me. Since the regulars all knew my name, it was unavoidable. The woman followed their eyes and called out to me.</p>

      <p>“Are you ‘Siegfried Vizzita’?” She glared at me, the look in her eyes yet more severe.</p>

      <p>I didn’t know how to respond. The problem was, I didn’t know what this person was after. Going by the mood in the air, this was no trivial matter, and the presence of her fully armored entourage did nothing to put me at ease. I’d have liked to play dumb if I could have, but even if I were to lie, they’d just get confirmation from someone else.</p>

      <p>“Yes ma’am, I’m Sieg. I’m an employee here.”</p>

      <p>“So you’re him.” She took a breath and continued talking to me in solemn, austere tones. “My name is Sera Radiant. I’m one of Whoseyards’s Seven Celestial Knights. I have come for one order of business, and that is to challenge you to a duel.” She raised up her still-sheathed blade to signal her intent.</p>

      <p>The pub’s patrons turned noisy, not just because of the suddenness of it, but also because some were amazed purely by the personage of Sera Radiant.</p>

      <p>“I don’t understand. Why do you want a duel with me?” I asked as calmly as I could. I remembered the words of warning the knight named Palinchron had given me, but I still didn’t know why things had turned out this way.</p>

      <p>“WHY?! What <em>gall</em>, to say such a thing!”</p>

      <p>Ms. Radiant approached me, openly fuming, but Mr. Krowe wedged himself in between us.</p>

      <p>“Whoa there, pal. You may be a knight of Whoseyards or whatever, but ya can’t come strollin’ in with an attitude like that. This is a pub. Don’t pick a fight with the staff!”</p>

      <p>Other customers with whom I had something of a rapport started getting to their feet. This had every indication of turning into some big to-do as folks who were confident they could throw down interjected one after the other.</p>

      <p>“I was happy watchin’ the drama up till ya came out with a <em>duel</em>. Somethin’ that’s that much trouble’s a different story.”</p>

      <p>“Don’t you lot look down on Vart!”</p>

      <p>“We may not’ve known him long, but the boy’s more than a stranger to us.”</p>

      <p>Seeing all those people rising up for my sake got me a bit choked up. I must have earned that much respect from them before I’d realized it.</p>

      <p>“Ain’t that right, boss!” shouted one of them.</p>

      <p>The pub’s manager, who had come out of the kitchen at some point, was standing behind me, his pose intimidating.</p>

      <p>“All right, fellas, your bloodthirst’s too palpable. It ain’t like the Whoseyards lady’s gonna tear the place up right here and now. That said, miss, this is a pub. A business. If you’re gonna hinder my operations, then things’re gonna get real messy for the both of us.”</p>

      <p>He was almost Level 20 himself, and he stood his ground against this menacing covey.</p>

      <p>She bowed. “Forgive me. It would seem I was seeing a little red. I apologize if I’ve interrupted your business. Understand, however, that we’ve a mission that we are to carry out at all costs, and that is to duel this man and take back milady.”</p>

      <p>While she’d let her indignation get to her before, it seemed that she was actually an intellectual, logical woman.</p>

      <p>My boss grinned in response. “Oho, now that’s interestin’. Hey, Sieg. You seduce some noble’s daughter or somethin’?”</p>

      <p>“Err, do I look that way to you?”</p>

      <p>“I dunno. Gentle-lookin’ guys like you...well, they can be surprisingly...you know.”</p>

      <p>“No, I don’t know. I didn’t seduce anyone.”</p>

      <p>At first, the air had been stark, but the moment he realized that this might be a snarl caused by love troubles, he stopped taking it so seriously.</p>

      <p>“Ms. Radiant, was it? You heard what Sieg said. Of course, if you’ve got business with him, then you’ve got business with him. I’m sure ya wanna talk to him about it, but could ya wait till the boy’s on break first?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. I never wished to cause trouble for your establishment. You’re quite right; please allow us to wait until the man’s break time. And of course, we’ll place orders as well.”</p>

      <p>She and her group took seats at a larger table.</p>

      <p>“And that’s the skinny. These fine knights o’ Whoseyards just came to get some food. You folks just keep drinkin’; there ain’t nothin’ to worry about.”</p>

      <p>“Wait a sec, boss, you sure about this?” asked a customer.</p>

      <p>“Why wouldn’t I be? It’s got nothin’ to do with the pub, does it? This is Sieg’s problem. It don’t look like their anger’s unfounded, so all I can do is watch.”</p>

      <p>“I mean, that’s true an’ all, but still...”</p>

      <p>That stance was inconvenient for me. I wanted everybody to come in with the assist.</p>

      <p>“Um, sir? Their anger <em>is </em>unfounded. I have no idea what this is about.”</p>

      <p>Ms. Radiant glared at me with a frightening look on her face. “You knave, you still mean to play innocent?!”</p>

      <p>“What am I supposed to think when the knight reacts like that?” he said. “Well, just talk it out later.” Happy to let his employee reap what he’d sown, he went back to the kitchen.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, it seems you’ve only got until break time to live,” she muttered. “Better brace yourself.”</p>

      <p>At the realization that I’d have to work my hours while subjected to her constant death glare, I heaved a deep sigh. “The hell is this nonsense...”</p>

      <p>Yet all I could do was keep my nose to the grindstone as usual. All while enduring the stares of those armored individuals...</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>“All right then, ma’am, who is this about? Is it about Dia?”</p>

      <p>Perhaps due to the discretion of my boss and Ms. Lyeen, I managed to finish work earlier than usual. The time I’d spent on the clock had been like lying on a bed of needles, but I’d made it to break time and sat at Ms. Radiant’s table. Her knight associates were in the rear, blocking all escape.</p>

      <p>Palinchron had told me it wasn’t Franrühle, so I went with Dia. I knew he identified as a he, but he could definitely pass as a young lady too.</p>

      <p>“Dia? Who’s that? Stop playing dumb. We’re talking about...Lady Lastiara,” said Ms. Radiant, saying Lastiara’s name under her breath. It seemed she didn’t want the name to get out.</p>

      <p>“Lastiara? Oh, you mean that pest.”</p>

      <p>Every day I had spent in this world so far had been so eventful that it took time for me to recall the girl from day one. I remembered her by her scary eyes and smile. She was the loose cannon who’d invaded my room at the inn, pinned me down, and cast spells on me. While she’d saved my life in the Dungeon, her creepiness outweighed the debt of gratitude I felt towards her, so I didn’t want anything to do with her. After encountering Alty and Franrühle, my impression of her had lost some of its edge, but she was still higher on the list of people to be wary of than not. Case in point, it appeared this whole situation was thanks to her.</p>

      <p>“A <em>pest</em>? So not only do you kidnap her, you insult her to boot!”</p>

      <p>“Wait, back up. I <em>kidnapped</em> her?”</p>

      <p>“Yes! Kidnapped! She disappeared, and in her farewell letter, she wrote that she’d...that she’d <em>elope</em> with you!”</p>

      <p>“Uh-huh. She said she was eloping, did she?”</p>

      <p>I hadn’t even seen her recently. The accusation was obviously farcical. I had half a mind to knock Lastiara to next Tuesday the next time we crossed paths. At my current level, I could go toe to toe with her.</p>

      <p>Ms. Radiant was so worked up that she became not so articulate, but she kept harping on me regardless. “Ahh, milady, she! She’s so sweet and tender of heart, but you were all she could talk about at the cathedral! She bumped into you randomly in the Dungeon, but each and every day, she’d wonder aloud to us Seven about what kind of man you were, or tell us what she’d done for you, but how could a...a <em>knave</em> like you understand how we felt listening to all that!”</p>

      <p>“Please calm down. Here, have some water.”</p>

      <p>“Is this any time to be drinking water? Out with it! Where did you hide her?!”</p>

      <p>“I’m telling you, you’re barking up the wrong tree. I haven’t seen her in days. She was lying to you. This is <em>her</em> we’re talking about; isn’t it possible she just ran away from home for funsies?”</p>

      <p>I honestly thought she must have done it as a lark or to get a rise out of them. I felt bad for Ms. Radiant, but no amount of yelling at me would get us anywhere.</p>

      <p>“Heh, heh heh heh, heh heh heh heh. Lady Lastiara running away ‘for funsies’? She’s far too demure and thoughtful to do such a thing. Heh heh, I knew it from the start. I knew you’d act innocent. That’s why we must duel. I shall dispose of you by means of the duel, and once you’re out of the picture, we can conduct a thorough search for her.”</p>

      <p>“Uhh, ma’am, that’s nice and all, but I don’t have a reason to accept the duel, so...”</p>

      <p>“Even if you don’t accept, either way, you two will never be wed. Unless you defeat all seven of us, we will hunt you to the ends of the world.”</p>

      <p>“You can hunt me all you like, but she won’t be there. In fact, by all means, please come to my home. You’ll see she’s not there.”</p>

      <p>We were not on the same wavelength. For one, our impressions of Lastiara were nigh polar opposites. I figured words wouldn’t suffice to persuade her, so I invited her to my house.</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, I know what you’re thinking. You’re trying to confound us with false information. We’ll catch you out, just you wait and see.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm, well...” There was no talking sense into her. I didn’t know what was going on, but Ms. Radiant didn’t doubt for a second that I must be culpable. I could continue to profess my innocence until I was blue in the face, but I couldn’t have them hanging around me like hawks, and I wanted to withhold as much information about myself as possible, especially how I leveled Maria up. At this rate, they’d follow me around the clock—including into the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>In the back of my mind, I calculated the loss-reward and ended up concluding that dueling them wouldn’t be so bad. My level had risen such that my acceptable limits for risk had widened.</p>

      <p>“Okay, let’s do this duel of yours. If I lose, I’ll tell you anything you want. I don’t know where Lastiara is, but I promise I’ll give you my aid.”</p>

      <p>“So you’ve finally relented. Or rather, I suppose you’ve come to see the gravity of your crime and are now offering your head.”</p>

      <p>“Sorry, but could you not kill me? I’m agreeing to the duel, but on one condition. Allow me to set the following rule—no serious injuries. If you kill the opponent, you lose. If you get the opponent to verbally surrender, you win. Nonviolence is number one in my book.”</p>

      <p>“Hrm. Fine then. Normally I, too, dislike getting violent. I’ll make sport of you until you no longer feel the urge to do evil.”</p>

      <p>Out of one side of her mouth, she said she didn’t like getting violent, and out of the other, she said she was going to “make sport” of me. This was not a person I wanted to interact with if I could help it.</p>

      <p>“And if I win, you’ll never show yourself before me again,” I added.</p>

      <p>“Very well. But keep in mind that naturally, the duel will be a one-on-one match.”</p>

      <p>“Right, that’s what I had in mind as well.”</p>

      <p>“Such resolve. Heh heh, let’s take this outside.”</p>

      <p>The knights behind me made way, and I moved to walk past them. Worrying glances flew my way from all around the pub. Ms. Lyeen, who’d been listening in as she waitressed, called out to me. “Sieg, you—”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay, miss. We set the rules, so even if I lose, she won’t kill me,” I said with a smile, loud enough that the manager and the folks around me could hear.</p>

      <p>“That may be true, but...be careful, hon.”</p>

      <p>She was worried about me, but I kept smiling. This duel wasn’t that catastrophic. If anything, it was a good thing. I wanted to clear up something that had been nagging at me. Humanity had folded their arms in the face of Tida, yet I had defeated it. Where did I fall on humanity’s strength chart? Now someone past Level 20 had oh so conveniently appeared. And while she was rather incensed at the moment, she was at heart a woman who prized propriety and charity, which made her easy to game. She’d assented to the extremely forgiving rules I’d proposed. It was only natural I’d start to consider this the perfect chance to see how I measured up.</p>

      <p>I used Analyze and compared our menus. My level was about half of Ms. Radiant’s, but my stats were on par with hers. Where she had a small leg up on me stats-wise, I was sure <em>Dimension</em> would compensate.</p>

      <p>I also had new spells that I wanted to try. Plus, I was interested in a straight PvP battle. I had to roll with the punches in a forward-looking way. She’d come all the way to the pub. How could I not avail myself?</p>

      <p>“Let’s fight here, Ms. Radiant.”</p>

      <p>I wanted a place that was out of the way for our battle, so I guided the group to the back of the building, and it seemed to suit them well. The preparations for the duel proceeded apace. Finally, we each swore our oaths over the quarter’s ley line and drew our respective blades.</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>. Spellcast: <em>Form</em>.”</p>

      <p>The sensation of my magic spreading out was coupled with several bubbles brimming from my sword. I was putting <em>Form</em> into practice. When I last dived with Maria, there were a handful of times that I’d had nothing to do, so I’d kept experimenting with my magic and hit upon a new way to use it. In the Dungeon, there were many situations where I used <em>Dimension</em> and <em>Form</em> in conjunction, and that was how I realized <em>Form</em> boosted <em>Dimension</em>. <em>Form</em> alone didn’t have much of an effect, but I had a feeling its true worth came through when used alongside other spells. In brief, <em>Form</em>’s bubbles allowed me to read and perceive space more powerfully. The sensation was like I could shove <em>Dimension</em> into the bubbles. That was the mental image, anyway.</p>

      <p>I pointed my bubble-wreathed sword towards her eyes.</p>

      <p>She snorted. “Heh, a strengthening spell? You lack the Founder’s holy magic, and your stance is a poor imitation. A fatuous reprobate like you is no match for me.” With that, she cast a spell of her own.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>