<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2_3"><div class="main">
      <p>“T-To be honest with you, I’m scared witless. Despite how I may come off...”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, looks like it. I took it too lightly. I thought you’d be tough enough to handle it.”</p>

      <p>“To handle <em>this</em>? Who or what do you think I am? I’m just a feeble little kid, you know,” she complained gloomily.</p>

      <p>I acknowledged inwardly that that had been a bit of a dick move, but that didn’t make me want to abort the experiment. I looked at her menu and checked to see if Maria’s EXP had increased.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EXP: 1521/400</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The battles had taken place around a hundred meters away from her, yet the EXP was added to her total all the same.</p>

      <p>“Okay, good. Now you can wait for me on the Pathway.”</p>

      <p>She exhaled. “The Pathway, sir? Well, that’s better than staying <em>here</em>. So, was there a point to bringing me here or what?”</p>

      <p>“There’s a point. You’re being a huge help.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t understand how.”</p>

      <p>She aired her gripes, but she followed my instructions regardless. She must have been aware that the Pathway was protected against monsters by barriers, because she looked a tad relieved.</p>

      <p>As we headed for the Pathway, I detected the position of the next monsters. I measured the precise distance between the Pathway and the monsters’ zone. This time around, I wanted to test out what would happen if we were around three hundred meters apart. If she still gained EXP, that meant I could level up my allies while they remained in the safety of the Pathway.</p>

      <p>As I left her behind in various places, Maria’s eyes had grown teary, but thanks to <em>Dimension</em>, I was confident I could protect her, so I ignored all her kvetching and continued on to the next experiment.</p>

      <p>After a few hours’ investigation, I established the following facts:</p>

      <p>EXP sharing was divided equally no matter the level gap.</p>

      <p>The distance limit for EXP sharing was approximately one hundred meters.</p>

      <p>The distance limit changed if there were barriers, as with the Pathway.</p>

      <p>In addition, I’d gained us a ton of EXP in the process. I figured it was right around lunchtime, so I took the emotionally drained Maria back up to the surface, consoling her the whole way there. Once again, she rode on my back.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【STATUS】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>NAME: Maria</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>HP: 92/92</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP: 102/102</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CLASS: Slave</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>LEVEL 7</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>STR 2.92</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>VIT 3.12</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DEX 2.25</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>AGI 1.75</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>INT 3.07</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MAG 4.91</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>APT 1.52</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>CONDITION: Confusion 0.28</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EXP: 221/6400</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>EQUIPMENT: Steel Knife, Durable Mantle, Light Leather Armor, Leather Gauntlet, Silk Garb</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>Trembling all over, Maria stared at the palms of her hands. “They told me I’m Level 7 now.”</p>

      <p>I sipped my thin-tasting soup. “Cool. Congrats.”</p>

      <p>We’d finished the process of leveling up at the church and were now getting a bite to eat at the pub.</p>

      <p>“But I didn’t <em>do</em> anything!”</p>

      <p>“I have a skill for that. A skill that raises the level of an ally I bring along with me. That’s why I brought you with me into the Dungeon.” I was sure she’d understand the validity of our battle plan within the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>“But that’s absurd! The adults in the village were around Level 5 at the highest! But you’re telling me I got all the way to Level 7 in a single day?! And that <em>easily</em>?!” She pounded the table.</p>

      <p>It seemed that she was still having trouble believing it. I put a finger to my lips. “Shhh! It’ll be a pain in the ass if anybody catches wind.”</p>

      <p>I didn’t want people finding out about this power. If the nation’s rich and powerful learned of it, an arrest warrant would be issued with my name on it. Then again, they’d have trouble actually catching me. My current level was an order of magnitude higher than my first day in this world.</p>

      <p>“I... I’m sorry, Master. I lost my composure,” she said, chastened.</p>

      <p>“I keep telling you, enough with the ‘Master’ thing. In any case, if we use my ability, you can Dungeon dive too. In just a few hours’ time, you’ve become stronger than most adults.”</p>

      <p>“A skill like that’s just plain cheating,” she muttered, tucking into her meal.</p>

      <p>Cheating. That was what Maria’s oh-so-perceptive eyes told her.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I feel the same way,” I said, still partaking of my plate.</p>

      <p>With this EXP share system in place, I could theoretically produce one skilled diver per day. And after I myself leveled up, I could probably speed up that diver-manufacturing process even more. It was safe to call my experiment a rousing success. Now that I better understood the party system’s mechanics, my list of options had expanded. I was reminded of the importance of comprehending the specifics of the game. I wanted to go beyond the calculations of whoever set this up by experimenting with every little thing. By doing so, the time it took to reach the deepest level of the Dungeon would shorten.</p>

      <p>“Welcome!” said Ms. Lyeen cheerfully.</p>

      <p>The place didn’t get much business during daylight hours, but to my surprise, it seemed some customers had stepped inside. I turned to look at the people who’d come to drink during the day—and my face twitched.</p>

      <p>“M-Maria,” I said under my voice. “Keep your head down, but act natural.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Ah, right, okay.” She was taken aback by the sudden command, but she looked down and away from them at once.</p>

      <p>I held my breath, attempting not to draw the customers’ attention. Maria was giving me a puzzled look, but I just sipped my soup quietly. Then, Maria’s eyes picked up on something and her gaze shifted to what lay behind me.</p>

      <p>“Hiya, Sieg. Fancy meeting you here.”</p>

      <p>I said nothing.</p>

      <p>Maria wiggled the spoon she was holding. “That’s your name she’s calling.”</p>

      <p>I’d have liked to have pretended not to notice her, but since Maria reacted, I was forced to turn around.</p>

      <p>“What do you want from me, Alty?”</p>

      <p>“Yeesh, so cold. We’re helping each other out, aren’t we? Ah, sorry, kid, you’re cute, but don’t mind if I sidle in here.”</p>

      <p>Alty had on the Eltraliew Academy uniform. <em>How’d she get her hands on one of </em>those<em>?</em></p>

      <p>She also had another girl with her. “Huh? Well, I’ll be! Is that really you, Sir Sieg?!”</p>

      <p>It was Franrühle.</p>

      <p>“L-Long time no see, Ms. Franrühle.”</p>

      <p>“How wonderful! Alty told me she’d take me someplace nice, and I was wondering what she meant! To think I could make your acquaintance again so quickly!”</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, fancy that. </em>Why <em>did</em> she come back so quickly? Wasn’t she supposed to be in Eltraliew to the west?</p>

      <p>“C’mon, Sieg, make way,” said Alty, trying to wedge herself in at the table like it was her right.</p>

      <p>Reluctantly, I moved next to Maria and made space for the two of them, both of whom gleefully took their seats and gave their orders to Ms. Lyeen. And just like that, I was trapped at this table of troubled individuals. I pondered ways to extricate myself even as I peered at the faces of my twin menaces.</p>

      <p>Alty was clearly curious about Maria. She was waiting for the right time to introduce herself to the girl whose name she didn’t know. As for Franrühle...yep, she took little notice of Maria.</p>

      <p>“Ah,” I said, “this here’s Maria. She’s my Dungeon diving ally as of recently.”</p>

      <p>“Hello. Maria here,” she said, undaunted by the strange presence these two <em>personalities</em> exuded.</p>

      <p>“I’m Alty. Pleasure to meet ya.”</p>

      <p>“My name is Franrühle. I’m the seventh daughter of the House of Hellvilleshine.”</p>

      <p>“So what’s this about, Alty? I’m a busy man.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh. It’s a coincidence we bumped into you here.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I’m not buying that. You run into me when I just so happen to be breaking for lunch? Tell the truth, you knew where I was through one of your abilities, didn’t you?”</p>

      <p>Alty had no way of knowing I was an employee at this pub, and even if she did know, why would she come to the pub and not go to a normal restaurant during this time of day? I had to conclude that Alty had a skill that clued her into my whereabouts. Based on what she’d told me the day before, I guessed she could listen in on me wherever there was fire.</p>

      <p>“Oho, you hit the nail on the head, smartypants. I can magnify my field of perception through fire. That said, today it honestly was dumb luck I was able to figure out what you were up to. This is the work of <em>destiny</em>. And destiny is my business. You understand.”</p>

      <p>Destiny was her business. In other words, she’d brought Franrühle here to “make an unrequited love not so unrequited.”</p>

      <p>I answered as coldly as possible. I couldn’t afford to let her harbor the most meager hope regarding that particular romance.</p>

      <p>“You’re the one who said there was no there there. Stop being cheeky and try your chances with some other girl.”</p>

      <p>“Heh heh, sure, but I feel like trying with her anyway.”</p>

      <p>We spoke in abstract terms about the romance thing. Franrühle and Maria’s expressions intimated they had no idea what we were talking about.</p>

      <p>“Alty, would you just relax and wait for me? I’ll do what I need to do, but I’ll do it my way. Quit rushing things.”</p>

      <p>“Can’t be helped, huh? I don’t mean to get in your way. I won’t say any more.”</p>

      <p>With that, Alty went quiet. Franrühle had been waiting for her turn to talk; she leaned forward and peppered me with questions. Where did I live? Where did I eat? What places did I like? Clearly, she believed this was her chance to suss out where I might be at any given moment. However, I blatantly lied that I didn’t live in any one place. I was unyieldingly determined not to give her any information about myself.</p>

      <p>In time, the conversation shifted naturally to the Dungeon. For one, I had no actual interest in anything besides that. Moreover, Franrühle herself didn’t seem to dislike discussing it.</p>

      <p>In order to make this ambush of theirs the tiniest bit worth my time, I decided to fish for information, but Alty cut in.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, you <em>ran</em>? All the way to Floor 5, with Mary on your back?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, why? Did I mess up?” Alty had been quiet this whole time, so I was concerned I really had done something wrong.</p>

      <p>“Nah, I just wasn’t expecting that. I mean, you’re a dimensional mage, aren’t you? Can’t you use space-shifting magic?”</p>

      <p>“Wait a second—how do you know I’m a dimensional mage?”</p>

      <p>There were other parts of what she’d just said that caught my interest, but that bit was the most important for now. I’d never made mention of that fact, and I’d never actively cast <em>Dimension</em> for Alty to see.</p>

      <p>“Ah, were you keeping that a secret? Sorry about that. I know how you fight and what magic you use inside and out. You’re exactly like an old acquaintance of mine. He used to use space-shifting magic...if I recall correctly. Pretty sure he did, anyway.” She tapered off, as if she herself couldn’t believe what she’d just said.</p>

      <p>“Vague much?”</p>

      <p>“It just came rushing back. Memories from way back. Wonder why. In any case, there’s dimensional magic that can reduce the distance to travel in the Dungeon. Back me up, Fran. You’re at the top of the school academically.”</p>

      <p>Alty probably wanted to give “Fran” a chance to shine, but she seemed off her game.</p>

      <p>“I... I’m sorry, dimensional magic? Well, it certainly rings a bell; I do feel like I’ve heard of it among the minor elements. Unfortunately, while I may be a good student, I don’t know all the details about the magic of an element that won’t appear on my exams.”</p>

      <p>“Hold on, what? Is dimensional magic really that minor an element in this day and age?”</p>

      <p>“It’s so minor I don’t believe there’s a single person at the academy with that element.”</p>

      <p>“Wow, I can feel the generation gap.”</p>

      <p>Alty’s expression was one of genuine surprise, but what caught my attention was how she’d been talking like she was an old maid. It seemed she was discussing stuff that didn’t exactly fit her age with Franrühle. I was curious as to the nature of their bond, but at the same time, I didn’t want to get too involved, so I stayed silent.</p>

      <p>“If you don’t know, Fran,” said Alty, “I guess I’ll do the explaining. Dimensional magic is all about controlling space. So, understanding, manipulating, and linking pockets of space. Ultimately, it even lets you create and destroy it. There’s a spell that can tie one space with another. I think it’s called <em>Connection</em>. If you use that, you won’t have to run with Mary on your back.”</p>

      <p>“Tie one space to another? You can really do something like that?” Franrühle asked her.</p>

      <p>I was also surprised to hear about creating and destroying space. I knew that one’s magic transformed as one leveled up, but destroying space? Just hearing that made a chill run down my spine.</p>

      <p>“Oh, totally. Just visualize it. Imagine a door connecting two pockets of space. Why don’t we try creating the <em>Connection</em> spell? At your level, Sieg, I’m sure you can,” said Alty excitedly.</p>

      <p>I didn’t know whether to believe her, but I did as I was told, building the image in my mind. Yet Franrühle and Maria tried to stop me.</p>

      <p>“Alty, why, I never!” shouted Franrühle. “There’s no way one can <em>create</em> a spell!”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah!” said Maria. “Creating a spell is like something out of a fairy tale.”</p>

      <p>Taken aback, my mental image dispersed. Alty and I exchanged glances.</p>

      <p>“Hold on, Sieg—can people not create spells anymore?”</p>

      <p>“Don’t ask me. I was under the impression that that stuff would come naturally at a high enough level.”</p>

      <p>“I’m in the same boat,” said Alty. “I thought magic’s devised through a combination of talent and imagination...”</p>

      <p>I was in agreement with Alty in a way I never saw coming. Maria, however, was quick to object.</p>

      <p>“There’s no way that’s true!” she started. “You can’t teach yourself magic. Sometimes, the child of a line of mages might recall the spells of their ancestors, but that’s the exception, not the rule. And even then, it’s nowhere near <em>creating</em> a spell from whole cloth. For the most part, people can’t acquire magic unless they engrave the wisdom of their predecessors into their blood. Magic is never born out of nothing.”</p>

      <p>“To be exact,” said Franrühle, “when someone swallows a gem inscribed with magic formulas, they’re making the blood coursing through their body memorize it. Family lines of mages give rise to children who can use magic from birth because their blood remembers. But even then, that only happens if one of their parents swallowed a magic gem. In other words, there’s no way to grant access to a spell without swallowing a gem at some point. The kind of magic you two are thinking of doesn’t exist.”</p>

      <p>Franrühle spoke using terms she’d studied at the academy. It was information I hadn’t picked up from my chats with other Dungeon divers. Both she and Maria seemed well-versed in magic.</p>

      <p>“Okay, okay,” I said to appease them. “Thanks for teaching me about magic. So, to sum up, the correct way to learn magic is by swallowing a magic gem inscribed with magic formulas...do I have that right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, that’s correct,” said Franrühle.</p>

      <p>“Yes,” said Maria, replying simultaneously.</p>

      <p>“In that case,” I said, “how about we go buy us some of those magic gem things?”</p>

      <p>Since Maria had finished eating, it was time to weave an excuse to slip away. Maria must not have wanted to prolong this meal with perfect strangers either, because she readily agreed.</p>

      <p>“That sounds like a good idea. I’m full now, too, so the timing’s just right.”</p>

      <p>Maria and I got to our feet.</p>

      <p>“Ah, in that case,” said Franrühle, “allow me to accompany you! I can guide you to a shop I know that has a collection of top-class magic gems—”</p>

      <p>“Hold on a minute, Fran, you’ve got things to do today, don’t you? You’re already running short on time just from hitting this place. You should give up on the idea.”</p>

      <p>“Agh, drat it, you’re right. I’ve no choice but to do it some other time.”</p>

      <p>“Okay,” I said, “we’ll be going now. You two can take your time finishing your meals.”</p>

      <p>To get out as quickly as possible, I paid Ms. Lyeen right away.</p>

      <p>“See ya, Sieg. See ya, Mary.”</p>

      <p>“Sir Sieg! Let’s meet again, should the opportunity arise!”</p>

      <p>Having said our goodbyes, Maria and I stepped outside. I recalled the path to the shop that had to do with the magic and set out for it, Maria trotting briskly behind me.</p>

      <p>“Wait, you’re really going to go there?” Clearly, she had been under the impression that that had been nothing more than a pretext to escape the magic gem conversation.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, might as well. It piqued my interest.”</p>

      <p>“If you’re just curious, that’s fine, but gems with magic carved into them are expensive. I’m sure to the folks who attend the academy, it’s just run-of-the-mill shopping, but they’re eye-watering prices for regular folks.”</p>

      <p>“It’s okay. I’ve got money.”</p>

      <p>It seemed as though one needed a tidy sum in order to acquire new spells, but I wasn’t broke quite yet. While I’d spent ten pieces of gold on the house and four on Maria, I still had the equivalent of around seven to rub together. I had no intention of touching Dia’s share of twenty gold coins, but they were still in my possession, so I wouldn’t be running out of capital any time soon.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go give it a look-see. If possible, I’d like to give you some spells to use.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Maria was a higher priority than I was. I preferred the blade, and even if I learned new magic, almost all of my MP would go towards fueling <em>Dimension</em> anyway. I couldn’t even imagine a normal spell surpassing <em>Dimension</em>’s sheer utility and practical value.</p>

      <p>Maria goggled at me. “Magic? <em>Me</em>?”</p>

      <p>“I’m trying to make you Dungeon dive too. I’ll happily make that investment.”</p>

      <p>She was Level 7 now, so I wanted her to help with simple battles. Going by her stats menu, her forte was the MAG stat. If she learned any magic, she’d already stand above your average diver.</p>

      <p>“Has it not crossed your mind that I might just run away after picking up magic?”</p>

      <p>She wasn’t very enthusiastic about the prospect, going as far as to suggest she might pull a runner on me.</p>

      <p>“I don’t think you will. I mean, you don’t have any place to go anyway, right?”</p>

      <p>“That’s only true if I’m powerless. Now that I’ve leveled up so much, if I were to gain magic, it’d be a whole different story. What if I ran away, sold information about your abilities, and used that money to strike out on my own? What would you do then?!”</p>

      <p>She certainly had a point. Then again, even if that did happen, I wouldn’t sweat it. Her becoming independent would be a joyful event.</p>

      <p>“You can run,” I replied gently, “but I’d hate it if info about me made it out there. So if you do run, could I ask you to keep mum for me? Please.”</p>

      <p>“If I ran away, I wouldn’t have to care about you anymore, Master!”</p>

      <p>“I’ve got a feeling you won’t do me dirty like that. It’s just a hunch, of course.”</p>

      <p>My lighthearted tone had her speechless. We were operating from different viewpoints. To me, whatever happened was fine by me. No matter how things played out with Maria, I felt I could chalk it up as acceptable losses. That was why I was so nonchalant, so flippant. To Maria, on the other hand, a slave defying their master was a serious crime. She thought serving her master was a matter of course. That was why she took everything into serious consideration.</p>

      <p>Through her silence, Maria continued criticizing me. I didn’t mind talking at length about her freedom again, but it’d just be repeating what was said the day before. Besides, Maria had to have intuited what I wanted to say despite the silence, what with her Perception skill. As such, I didn’t bother opening my mouth.</p>

      <p>Maria sighed. “Just a hunch? A line like that, you’re supposed to boldly declare.”</p>

      <p>Just as I’d predicted, her Perception had seen through to how I felt. She’d concluded it’d be useless to argue with me due to our different viewpoints, so she chose to chastise me for that instead.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know you well enough to declare it boldly, though the kind of kid who’d say what you said isn’t the kind of kid who’d do something like that. Well, I don’t think so, anyway.”</p>

      <p>“Talk about tortured logic. You’re so naive.”</p>

      <p>It was the logic of plot beats in movies and comics back in my world. You know, narrative theory.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I guess so. But I’m not changing my policy. C’mon, let’s go buy you some magic.”</p>

      <p>“You’re naive. Hopelessly naive...” she started muttering, walking with me.</p>

      <p>She had a litany of complaints, but it seemed she’d abide by my policy for the time being. Going by that, I figured I was probably in the clear, though to be honest, my hunches were hardly reliable—I didn’t have an eye for character in the least. All I ever did was sneak glances at people’s stats and menus, evaluating them based on hard numbers. An eye for character was a lofty power I’d probably never acquire in a million years.</p>

      <p>The magicarium wasn’t located terribly far from the pub. That was the common term for establishments that dealt in all things magic and sorcery.</p>

      <p>“Welcome! Come in, come in.”</p>

      <p>The moment we entered, we were greeted warmly. The word “magicarium” conjured images of the kind of witch’s house you’d find in a fairy tale, but the place was closer to a bookstore on Earth than anything else. The bookshelves were arranged neatly so as not to impede customers from getting where they wanted to go.</p>

      <p>I spoke to the tall lady with the elf ears sitting at the counter. “I’d like to buy some magic gems for learning spells.”</p>

      <p>“Magic gems? Sure thing, sir. Let’s see...lately, our inventory’s been getting a bit scarce, so...oh, uh, you can look at this catalog. Please choose from among these options.”</p>

      <p>The lady pulled out a beaten-up old catalog from beneath the counter. I flipped through it; it listed the names of a large quantity of spells but with sticky notes reading “out of stock” all over.</p>

      <p>“These ‘out of stock’ stickers...”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’m afraid they really are out of stock. As of late, there are shortages all throughout the Alliance. There aren’t that many to go around in the best of times, but we’re running especially short thanks to the tournaments and events that are coming up. Nothing that’s left is very high quality. You can make advance orders, but we’d only be able to give it to you after the events. When there’s a shortage of materials, production becomes slow. That’s just the business.”</p>

      <p>This world had fighting arenas, and by extension, they had to have combat tournaments for those who made a living with their proverbial fists to decide who stood at the top. It seemed this was the season participants snatched up spells. Discouraged by the poor timing, I perused the catalog. Just from a cursory skim, there were thousands.</p>

      <p>“Bear with me, ma’am, this is going to take some time.”</p>

      <p>There were attack spells and healing spells, elemental spells and support spells—the basic categories of spells that even I was familiar with. Then there were the spells I wasn’t so familiar with, like everyday life spells and ceremonial spells.</p>

      <p>To start with, I wanted to give Maria a support spell, but everything that looked useful was out of stock. Meanwhile, she was curiously looking around the store.</p>

      <p>“Come take a look, Maria. If anything catches your eye, I’ll buy it for you.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes, sir. Coming.”</p>

      <p>“If I may have your attention, sir,” said the lady, startled. “Are you by any chance planning to give that <em>child</em> a spell to learn?”</p>

      <p>Apparently, a child buying magic was a rare sight. I was on the taller side, so I was able to do my shopping without being treated like a kid, but Maria wasn’t tall enough for that to apply to her.</p>

      <p>“Is that a problem?”</p>

      <p>“No, well, it’s just, that child is a tad too young. I believe you’d be best served if you first checked whether she has the background she needs to use the magic.”</p>

      <p>So in other words, she didn’t want to sell to a kid, if possible. In a roundabout way, she was refusing the sale. She pulled out objects like a crystal ball and a sheaf of papers from beneath the counter.</p>

      <p>“You can tell using those?” I asked.</p>

      <p>“Ah, yes, I can. By placing this crystal in her hands, we can see the quality and quantity of her blood, which will then allow us to determine the genre and volume of spells she can acquire.”</p>

      <p><em>Sounds convenient</em>, I thought to myself, staring at the orb. It looked as though in a world with magic and magic studies, such tools had also been developed. The words “the genre and volume of spells she can acquire” were also food for thought. Presumably, that meant there were limits on the spells people in general could learn—and that I oughtn’t get my hopes up that I could learn every spell in the catalog with enough money.</p>

      <p>“Now then, little lady. Would you mind touching this?” The shop assistant presented Maria with the crystal ball.</p>

      <p>“No ma’am.” Maria reached out, immediately giving rise to a red mist within the orb.</p>

      <p>“Wait, huh? Whoa, that’s... That’s incredible. You have mid-level magic power. What’s more, you’ve two elements—fire and void!”</p>

      <p>I wondered what level I or Dia would register as. I grew too scared to touch the orb myself.</p>

      <p>“Wow, little lady, you’re something else. I’ve been at this job a long time, but I’ve never seen someone your age with this much magic energy.”</p>

      <p>“Th-Thanks...” Maria hid her face with the catalog; she must not have been used to receiving praise.</p>

      <p>“Now for you, young man.”</p>

      <p>She handed it to me. After a moment’s hesitation, I made up my mind and reached out a hand. The orb became completely transparent; what little cloudiness had been there vanished.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” said the lady. “I’ve never seen that happen before, or that color. Wait, can that even be called a color?”</p>

      <p>She fetched a nearby thick tome and searched for something that touched on the phenomenon she’d just witnessed. I had a rough idea already, so I tried stopping her.</p>

      <p>“That’s okay, ma’am. You don’t have to look it up on my acc—”</p>

      <p>“No worries, sir, I’ll find the answer in a jiffy. Looks like this transparent color is for something called ‘dimensional magic.’ It’s a very minor and old element. Only, because it’s invisible, I can’t measure the volume using this orb. My apologies...” she said, bowing her head.</p>

      <p>That was all I needed to know. Judging from my menu, I wasn’t lacking capacity. In fact, I almost definitely had more than the orb could measure anyway, given mine was several times that of the mid-level Maria.</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind. Just knowing my element is enough for me.”</p>

      <p>“If only I had other measuring tools besides the crystal. Sadly, I don’t have any here. Let me get you the catalog for dimensional magic. If I remember right, I have a catalog for minor magic here...”</p>

      <p>She produced a thin catalog and gave it to me. I gave it a cursory look. There were elements such as star, sun, light, and darkness. Even in a catalog of minor elements, dimensional magic had particularly few spells.</p>

      <p>“<em>Connection</em> and <em>Form</em>. There are only two spells for dimensional magic...”</p>

      <p>“W-Wow, only two. Ah, but it looks like we do have those gems in stock. There are so few dimensional magic users out there that we still have some lying around.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, I’ll take both.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Are you sure that’s okay when you don’t even know how much capacity you have?”</p>

      <p>“Eh. If I’m lacking now, I’ll have enough to be able to acquire them eventually.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You’re being awfully casual about it, lad. Might you be a rich man?”</p>

      <p>“Buying this magic is no big deal for me, sure.”</p>

      <p>“Color me jealous. Okay, young man. I’ll go get them, so wait here for me, if you please.”</p>

      <p>She rose from her seat and withdrew to the back of the emporium. I decided to see about Maria’s magic in the meantime.</p>

      <p>“How about you, Maria? Anything look interesting?”</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing decent available. All of the useful fire-element attack magic is out of stock. Actually, I guess there must not be many people without elements, because there are some fairly all right ones left.”</p>

      <p>I looked at the catalog Maria was reading. It was true; the fire-element stuff was all out of stock. Even the most basic spell, <em>Flame Arrow</em>, was gone. The same was true for ice element stuff, but since I viewed my dimensional magic as my main focus, I wasn’t going to lose sleep over it.</p>

      <p>“How about you try this one? <em>Firefly</em>.” I pointed at any old spell.</p>

      <p>“Wait, that one?” she replied.</p>

      <p>Apparently, it could blind the enemy using fire. The notes in the catalog warned that it wasn’t an attack spell because the fire wasn’t very hot.</p>

      <p>“I don’t need you to have an offensive build. I want you on support spell duty.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Over on the element-less side, it’s highly recommending <em>Impulse</em>. That’s a proper attack spell,” she said, pointing at where it said Impulse in the element-less column.</p>

      <p>According to the catalog, it was a short-range vibration blast. An enemy that got hit at close range would be blown back several meters.</p>

      <p>“Cool, I’ll buy you those two. They’re reasonably priced. Oh, and maybe I should buy myself whatever ice spell too... Why the look?”</p>

      <p>“You really love throwing around piles of money like it’s nothing.”</p>

      <p>“I damn near died earning this money. Why would I let it rot unused?”</p>

      <p>“A normal person would save it.”</p>

      <p>I had no concept of saving my money. Not when I planned to break free of this world.</p>

      <p>“Here we are, young man. Thank you for waiting. Your gems.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. I’ve also picked out her spells. I’ll take <em>Firefly</em> and <em>Impulse</em>. And to round things off, I’d like the <em>Snow Fleck</em> spell as well.”</p>

      <p>“<em>Firefly</em>, <em>Impulse</em>, and <em>Snow Fleck</em>, right? I can get them right to you. Only, <em>Snow Fleck</em> doesn’t fit either of your elements. You know you can’t learn it, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, don’t fret it, ma’am. It’s just a rich man’s vagaries.”</p>

      <p>The elemental affinity assessment she’d carried out for me earlier didn’t turn up ice as one of my elements, but seeing as I had unmistakably used my ice spells in the past, I needed to put it to the test.</p>

      <p>She sighed. “Vagaries, you say? Well, if it means business for me, I couldn’t be happier.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll pay up front.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, thank you very much.”</p>

      <p>All in all, it cost me less than two gold coins. <em>Impulse</em> was a bit expensive, but the others were of limited utility and consequently cheap.</p>

      <p>Just like always, I pretended to take my money out of the pouch hanging at my back, while actually taking it out of thin air.</p>

      <p>“Huh...” said Maria, looking at me like I was a pink elephant. “You really did just throw down a small fortune like it’s nothing...”</p>

      <p>I’d have appreciated it if she’d stopped giving me that look every time money came into the picture.</p>

      <p>“Thank you; please come again. You <em>are</em> rich, aren’t you? Now then, allow me to go get the little lady her gems.”</p>

      <p>I took my change of silver coins and the dimensional magic gems, which emanated a strange and curious hue. The gems themselves were the same as the ones I could obtain in the Dungeon, but the craftsmanship applied to them was on another level. Patterns and formulas and the like were densely engraved all the way into each gem’s interior, and those magical etchings were giving off a peculiar chromatic shine.</p>

      <p>“Man, they’re pretty. Swallowing them feels like a waste.”</p>

      <p>“Some choose to wear theirs,” explained Maria helpfully. “There are accessories like that too.”</p>

      <p>She showed off her knowledge—there were people who made wedding rings of holy magic gems to ward off misfortune. While she was sharing this with me, the shop assistant arrived with Maria’s gems.</p>

      <p>“Here you are, little lady. These are yours. I’ll also be giving you state certificates. If something ever comes up, please come back here. Since you’re so flush with funds, I’ll handle any post-sale service you may need as well.”</p>

      <p>“Thanks. By the way, should I just swallow them here and now?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t mind if you do. Shall I bring you some water?”</p>

      <p>“Please. This will be my first time, so I’d like a specialist nearby.”</p>

      <p>“You got it, sir.”</p>

      <p>The lady went to the back to get me some water. She seemed accustomed to doing so. Then Maria and I used the water we received to gulp down our gems. I swallowed three, including the ice magic spell, while Maria swallowed two.</p>

      <p>My body resisted the idea of swallowing gems, but at the sight of Maria swallowing hers without a word of complaint, I gulped them down, not to be outdone.</p>

      <p>Seeing Maria swallow them down, the lady sang her praises. “Great. Congratulations, little miss. I do believe you can use magic now. Just not inside these walls! Ah, as for you, young man, I’m not sure whether you can use it.”</p>

      <p>“I know, I know. All right, Maria, how about it? Think you can do it?”</p>

      <p>“How should I know? This is my first time.” Maria was staring at the palms of her hands; she clearly didn’t know what, if anything, had changed.</p>

      <p>“Ma’am, we’re going to go test our spells outside.”</p>

      <p>“There are no other customers at the moment, so I’ll come watch,” she offered kindly.</p>

      <p>We stepped outside and were guided to the shop’s yard, where a straw figure was set up as a target. Customers came here to test fire their spells all the time.</p>

      <p>“Now then, little miss, I’d like you to visualize the spell in your mind. Gather the magic energy coursing through your body into the palms of your hands. Imagine that energy heating up, until at last, flames flow out from your hands like a flood. Then, say the incantation: <em>Firefly</em>!”</p>

      <p>“F... <em>Firefly</em>!”</p>

      <p>Fire burst out of Maria’s hands. The shop worker was accustomed to this; she must have guided all sorts of people to cast spells. I sensed it was okay to leave Maria with her; I had to test my own magic.</p>

      <p>“Whoa! That was amazing, little lady! My my, you’re a natural, you are. Now then, on to the next little test. I’d like you to visualize gathering up colorless magic energy. Picture it—colorless magic energy gathering and trembling so that it might fly out of your palms. You’re suppressing that trembling, suppressing it...and then you shout out the incantation! <em>Impulse</em>!”</p>

      <p>“<em>Impulse</em>!!!”</p>

      <p>I saw the straw figure fly off in the corner of my eye as I checked my menu.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【MAGIC】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>ICE MAGIC: Freeze 1.04, Ice 1.06</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>DIMENSIONAL MAGIC: Dimension 1.42, Connection 1.00, Form 1.00</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>UNIQUE MAGIC: Layered Dimension 1.02, Dimension: Calculash 1.04</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>I saw <em>Connection</em> and<em> Form</em> there, but not <em>Snow Fleck</em>. According to the elemental affinity assessment, ice wasn’t among my elements. Was I only able to acquire dimensional spells? If so, why did I have <em>Freeze</em> and <em>Ice</em>? Maybe I couldn’t learn <em>Snow Fleck</em> because I didn’t have enough capacity left, but that was just conjecture. Seeing as the magicarium’s affinity assessment was so vague, I had no choice but to experiment. For the time being, I’d figure out all the details concerning the spells I’d just acquired.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【CONNECTION】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP consumed: 100</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>A high-level dimensional magic spell. In accordance with the caster’s caliber, it can link dimensions.</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【FORM】</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>MP consumed: 1</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>A basic dimensional magic spell. It can confer space-time to a target.</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>That was no different from what the explanations written in the catalog said. Based on the description, I had high hopes regarding <em>Connection</em>. If that description was meant to be taken literally, I could maybe zip right back to my world, just like that.</p>

      <p>Maria, having finished her magic training, came up to me. “Master! I can use magic too!” she said, delighted.</p>

      <p>“Don’t call me ‘Master’ out in public. Also, pipe down a second—I’m about to cast a spell myself.”</p>

      <p>If <em>Connection</em> provided a way back to Earth, then I’d be even more delighted. I cast the spell, ignoring Maria’s presence. I visualized my one and only desire—me returning to my world!</p>

      <p>“Spellcast: <em>Connection</em>!”</p>

      <p>I held out my hands and formed the spell with every intention of pouring all of my magic power into it. From my palms surged magic energy that tampered with the dimensions. It sucked in the air around me, condensing space and generating a barrier made of light purple magic power. Actually, on closer inspection, it wasn’t a barrier—it was an amorphous magic door, shimmering like light on water.</p>

      <p>I put a hand to the door. If it was just as I pictured, it led straight to my world. I tried pushing it open.</p>

      <p>“Ugh, it’s not budging.”</p>

      <p>I tried pushing and pulling, but no dice. The shop worker approached me, intrigued.</p>

      <p>“Huh. First time I’ve seen that. So this is the dimensional spell <em>Connection</em>. Seeing a spell I’ve only ever seen in books with my own two eyes? I’m moved, quite moved indeed. But that thing’s not going to open like that. If you don’t cast it again and make its counterpart, it won’t function.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Its counterpart?”</p>

      <p>“Come on, sir, cast the spell again, if you would.”</p>

      <p>I reckoned I’d better follow an expert like her—she clearly knew more about this spell than I did—so I cast it again. “Spellcast: <em>Connection</em>!”</p>

      <p>Just as I’d been told, I created another door near the first one.</p>

      <p>“Now one door should lead to the other. If my tomes are correct, that is.”</p>

      <p>It looked as though I now had access to a teleportation door I could plant where I liked.</p>

      <p>“I see,” I replied. “All right, pass through it, Maria.”</p>

      <p>“Um, I’ll pass. It looks shady, and I’m too afraid.”</p>

      <p>I shared the sentiment. Sure, I was the one who’d made the door, but passing through an immaterial gateway required courage. Reluctantly, I pushed the door with my right hand. This time around, there was no resistance and the door opened. The other door also opened, and I could see my right hand appear on the other side. It gave me the willies.</p>

      <p>“My literature was right,” said the woman. “Congratulations, young man.”</p>

      <p>“Th-Thanks.”</p>

      <p>“That said, please erase the doors before you leave. They’re in the way.”</p>

      <p>“Ah, right.” I withdrew my hand, and by picturing the mental image of erasing the doors, they vanished without incident.</p>

      <p>In the end, it wasn’t a way to effect my Great Return. To put it in video game terms, it was more like setting up warp points. If I wanted to use this spell for the Great Return, I’d have to somehow place one of the doors back on Earth. Of course, if I could do that, I wouldn’t be going through these travails to begin with.</p>

      <p>I pulled myself together and decided to have the shop worker look at my other fresh new spell. “Sorry to bother you, but could you tell me about the other spell too?”</p>

      <p>“The other spell? Oh, you mean <em>Form</em>. Hmm. The explanation re <em>Connection</em> came with an illustration, so that was easy to understand, but <em>Form</em> doesn’t have much documentation. I’m afraid all I know is that it grants ‘dimensionality’ to something.”</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, I’d be groping in the dark with that one. I concluded I had no choice but to test it blind.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I’ll just try casting it and see what happens. Spellcast: <em>Form</em>.”</p>

      <p>My mental image was decent but not great; regardless, I fired the spell into the air. What came out of my palms was a lavender-colored bubble.</p>

      <p>“A bubble, eh?” Captivated, the lady poked it with a finger.</p>

      <p>It didn’t pop. It vanished in a mist-like puff.</p>

      <p>“Yep, it’s a bubble,” I said.</p>

      <p>Only, I alone knew that wasn’t all it was. As the controller of the bubble, I understood it intuitively. The space inside the bubble was out of sync with the surrounding space. As the spell wasn’t classified as water-element, it was only natural to suspect that the bubble’s contour wasn’t made of water. It was spatial dislocation that had spawned this spherical outline.</p>

      <p>“Well, sir? Did you figure something out?”</p>

      <p>“No, not really,” I lied. “As far as I know, it’s just a normal bubble.”</p>

      <p>If I explained to the authority on magic the sensation this spell gave me, she might share an effective way to make use of it. However, I’d just obtained a spell that few could cast even within this fantasy world. The part of me that wanted to keep it as hidden as possible won out.</p>

      <p>“Is that so? What a shame.”</p>

      <p>“Looks like I don’t have much use for <em>Form</em>. But thanks anyway, ma’am, you’ve been a tremendous help. We’re both beginners.”</p>

      <p>She shook her head. “Oh, don’t mention it. Just doing my job.”</p>

      <p>I saw Maria poking at one of the bubbles. “Maria, you happy with what you’ve got?”</p>

      <p>“No problems here. I figured out the trick to it.”</p>

      <p>She was brimming with confidence. I had a feeling all that praise the shop worker had given her about her talent had put a pep in her step.</p>

      <p>“Okay, we’ll be taking our leave. Thank you for everything. I think we’ll come again.”</p>

      <p>“Bye, sir. Bye, little lady.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for all of your help, ma’am,” said Maria. “Bye.”</p>

      <p>We exited the magicarium, the lady waving at us until we stepped out of view. I had a feeling she was waving not at me but at Maria. It was obvious even from the outside looking in that she’d taken a liking to her. If I found myself wanting more magic, I’d come back here. If I brought Maria with me, the lady would probably give us freebies and discounts.</p>

      <p>Maria had waved back. Her expression was sunny, and I was sure mine was no different. Find me someone who doesn’t get jazzed when they gain a new power and I’ll find you someone who doesn’t exist. Obtaining new spells is an event that gives a gamer like me a nice rush. And by learning this magic, we’d both gained our next toehold into the Dungeon.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◆◆◆◆◆</p>

      <p>The bear-sized crustacean came at me with wolflike speed. If it wasn’t a monster, I’d have a tough time explaining this strange spectacle. The red crayfish-esque monster swung its pincer claws at me. I deflected the attack with my blade and tried to cut it at the arm joints, but it twisted its body away at the last second, defending against my strike with its sturdy carapace.</p>

      <p>I’d been bungling this battle; I was treading on muddy ground, so no matter what I did, it felt off. The crayfish, meanwhile, was moving quickly and nimbly.</p>

      <p>I felt I lacked the trump card I needed to finish this fight, so I decided to retreat, but that was when Maria shouted:</p>

      <p>“<em>Firefly</em>!”</p>

      <p>A small flame clung to the monster’s head. Blinded, it reflexively brought its claws up to its face. Not one to pass up this opening, I closed in, successfully slicing its claws off at the joints. It shrieked.</p>

      <p>Next, I wielded my sword against its vitals. Its other joints, the thin bits of its limbs, its sense organs—I didn’t know what its weak points were, so I butchered it anywhere I could.</p>

      <p>“Gyaahhh!”</p>

      <p>It turned into light while still in its death throes. I watched as it faded away, panting heavily, and I smiled wryly. I’d done it! <br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>Title unlocked: Fen Lurker</code></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>+0.05 to MAG</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>“Phew...damn that thing was a ball-ache.”</p>

      <p>Maria had been devoting herself to supporting me from afar, and now she was drawing nearer. “Congratulations, Master.”</p>

      <p>“Again with the ‘Master’ thing? Quit it already,” I said, picking up the monster’s item drop.</p>

      <p>After learning the spells, we had re-entered the Dungeon. Maria had leveled up, so we were making our way through at a decent clip without any gloominess on her part. I wanted to test out placing a <em>Connection</em> door on the tenth floor, so that was where we’d set our sights this time around. At present, with Maria’s assistance, I’d just taken down a boss on Floor 8.</p>

      <p>“That one gave you more than a little trouble. What was tripping you up?”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I just didn’t realize it’d be this hard to fight when my footing’s off, that’s all. You were a big help back there. Good timing.”</p>

      <p>“No, no—it looks like that’s basically <em>all</em> I can do during a boss battle,” she said, striking an affected sulking pose. She was less than thrilled I’d ordered her to keep to the back and focus on providing support.</p>

      <p>Before reaching Floor 8, I’d had her slay weakling monsters with her dagger, which had the side effect of making her excessively confident. Maria must have been thinking that she’d be of use against even a boss monster since she’d made such a good showing so far. As one might expect, rapid leveling up could make anybody get ahead of themselves. The Maria I knew was thoughtful and judicious, but even she had gotten so amped up that she was no longer as grounded. Becoming more than twice as strong over the course of a few hours brought with it its share of problems, and I had misgivings letting her participate directly in higher-level battles. I could see the monsters’ every move coming through <em>Dimension</em>, but there was a chance I might not be able to completely protect Maria from a move I’d never seen before.</p>

      <p>“Actually, you might have been okay against that boss too. It’s just that I didn’t know what it could do. You should wait until you level up a bit more.”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t it times like those that you ought to use a slave like me as an expendable pawn?”</p>

      <p>“You’re not a slave. Besides, I’d hate to be like that.”</p>

      <p>I was de facto treating Maria like a friend, but she had put herself in the slave box. If I did it her way and she died like a pawn, I’d hate myself so much I would want to die, but Maria just wasn’t getting it. Or maybe she did get it but was saying things like that anyway...</p>

      <p>She sighed. “You’re as soft and naive as ever.”</p>

      <p>“Not really. I’m just using you where your talents can shine. I want you working for me in other areas. Nothing more, nothing less.”</p>

      <p>“Lies, lies, lies,” she said, twirling and juggling the knife in her hand. “You’re just overprotective.”</p>

      <p>Now that she was Level 7, her DEX must have risen high enough for her to be able to play with her knife like that. I supposed she was keen to experience her augmented abilities because she’d been fidgeting restlessly for a while now.</p>

      <p>I couldn’t overlook Maria’s attitude. I had to say something. “I’m not being overprotective. I’m telling you what I’m telling you because you’re looking so twitchy now. If you up and die on me, I’m the one who’s losing out. From where I’m standing, I want you to work enough to cover at least four pieces of gold.”</p>

      <p>“Would you look at that? Another lie. You should try saying something you actually mean one of these days. Didn’t you tell me you’re fine with me running?”</p>

      <p>I had no rebuttal for that. <em>Well, damn. Come to think of it, I did say something like that, didn’t I?</em></p>

      <p>I was deflated; I’d lost yet another argument. During our Dungeon diving, in all of our chatting and conversation, never once did I win an argument. Part of it was her gift of gab, but it went beyond that. It was like she had an ear to my inner voice.</p>

      <p>Just then, I sensed a monster approaching through <em>Dimension</em>.</p>

      <p>“Ah, there’s a monster around the corner on the right. Guess you should be able to take it on by yourself.”</p>

      <p>“So, here’s our next customer. Leave it to me!”</p>

      <p>It was a quadruped beast-type monster. Since I knew the beast-type monsters of Floor 8 didn’t possess any special abilities, I let her use them as practice. This one was a Rank 8 monster, a Bound Dog. It was said to be difficult to slay unless multiple Level 7 or higher divers got it surrounded. Yet Maria attacked it alone with a single dagger. I backed her up by following from behind.</p>

      <p>The Bound Dog responded agilely to the human ambushing it from around the corner. It leaped back as only a beast-type could and dodged Maria’s attempt at first blood. Absorbing the impact of the leap with its four paws, it immediately charged at her. I stayed calm and observed, as did Maria.</p>

      <p>Maria jumped towards the charging beast, placing a hand on its back and slashing it as she leapfrogged it. Now wounded, the monster repeatedly rushed at her (as opposed to me, as I’d distanced myself) at speeds a normal person could never track. Needless to say, it was faster than Maria’s current AGI stat, but even so, it couldn’t catch her. Maria’s physical ability was at or below the average for Level 7, yet owing entirely to the skills she had, she was still a match for this hound in all its agility. The Perception skill supplied a window into its state of mind, allowing her to keep an eye on its behavioral patterns, while her Hunting skill optimized how she carried her body and executed her attacks.</p>

      <p>With a combination of these two skills, she stabbed the monster dead in its weak points. By its umpteenth bull rush, the Bound Dog was worn out and battered. Maria had aimed for its muscle tendons, causing its vaunted pride to plummet. She finished the job by scorching it with fire magic, cutting off its tendons, gouging its eyes, and stabbing it in the heart. She was a superb hunter, which made her stronger than her stats might otherwise suggest. Compared to me or Dia, she was a whelp, but compared to the average diver, she was outstanding.</p>

      <p>I didn’t interfere, letting Maria mop up the monsters of Floor 8 herself.</p>

      <p>“Hff, hff... I’m sorry; that one gave me a bit of a run for my money.”</p>

      <p>“You kidding? This is fantastic for your first day.”</p>

      <p>“Actually, dealing with such beasts is my forte. Then again, back in my village, I only ever dealt with smaller animals.”</p>

      <p>“Really? That explains a lot.” It explained why “Hunting” was one of her skills.</p>

      <p>“In the past, I could see how I had to move but my body couldn’t catch up. Now it’s different. I feel so light, and I can work up the strength. It’s amazing; I can fight even beasts that are this terrifying.”</p>

      <p>Delighted, she flicked her dagger to cast off the blood. Slaying the monster earned her a sense of accomplishment. Perhaps she’d always been cut out for the hunt. To me, it appeared as though her natural talents were blossoming now thanks to the benisons of Level 7 bestowing her with a body that moved like she wanted it to.</p>

      <p>I left the monsters to her afterwards, and it proved drama-free. Even against enemies that physical attacks didn’t work on, her Perception enabled her to ascertain their weak points and attack with magic instead. In fact, it was fighting those more special monsters that exhibited Maria’s faculties in earnest. Her insight empowered her to keep choosing the most effective attacks, and in that way, it was similar to my own battle tactics.</p>

      <p>We exited Floor 8 and made it to Floor 9. On this floor, there were more monsters that Maria couldn’t cope with on her own. If her attacks didn’t land, her eyes, as good as they were, wouldn’t give her the win. Whenever that was the case, I had her provide backup with her <em>Firefly</em> spell while I did the fighting. On our way to Floor 10, I hunted monsters here and there, checking to make sure Maria’s help from afar was having an effect.</p>

      <p>We arrived at Alty’s floor—the chamber of roaring flame. After confirming that nobody else was around, I approached the fire. It was time to experiment.</p>

      <p>“Alty, can you hear me? Alty? Hello? Can you hear—”</p>

      <p>The fire turned into the shape of a mouth. “Yeah, I can hear ya. It is my abode, after all.”</p>

      <p>Maria was behind me; I could tell she was surprised.</p>

      <p>“I had my doubts, but I guess you really do reply.”</p>

      <p>“Sure do. However, my body proper’s a bit busy right now. Sorry, but could ya keep it brief?”</p>

      <p>“Got it. So, I’m thinking of placing some magic of mine here on this floor. Do you mind?”</p>

      <p>“You mean the dimensional spell we were talking about, right? Sure. I’ll give you a place for it right now.” A section of the fire dissipated, opening a path. “I made you a space without any fire down there, so go and try putting it there.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, I will.” I walked down the path to the fireless space. “Spellcast: <em>Connection</em>.”</p>

      <p>I pictured it. The mass of purple magic energy comprising a mystical door. The power leaking out of my palms came together in the shape of the gateway, but it failed to maintain its form and faded away.</p>

      <p>“Damn! The chamber’s magic energy’s too strong; I can’t make the door!”</p>

      <p><em>Connection</em> was a delicate and fragile spell. On the Pathway, the barriers prevented the door from lasting. Outside of the Pathway, monsters would destroy it. That was why I’d set my sights on Floor 10, where there were neither barriers nor monsters to contend with, but here it seemed the surrounding magic energy was too volatile.</p>

      <p>“Hrmm,” said Alty. “I’ve been trying to push the magic energy away for you, but I guess it’s not happening. It’s ’cause this room is proof I’m alive. It looks like I can open a hole in the fire but not so much the magic energy.”</p>

      <p>“You can’t do anything about it? Everything changes depending on if I can place a door here or not.”</p>

      <p>The usefulness of diving down to Floor 10 had waned. Since Maria was with me, I had utilized her, but for future dives, it’d presumably no longer be necessary. I wanted to cut down the time it took to get here as much as possible.</p>

      <p>“Urgh...I just can’t do it,” she said apologetically. “It’s like telling me to hold my breath.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>“You may be able to use Tida’s chamber, though, seeing as its owner ain’t around anymore. Chances are good the room’s magic energy is gone.”</p>

      <p>“Tida’s chamber... That’d be Floor 20, huh? That’s kinda far...”</p>

      <p>“Oh, for you I’m sure it’s just a skip and a jump away. Pop by and try it out for me.”</p>

      <p>“You make it sound so easy. Plus, I’ve got Maria with me now, so I’m pressed for time.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...gotcha.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll try at a later date. Thanks for your help. I’ll throw a thank you your way.”</p>

      <p>“That’s okay. Us allies have gotta help each other out. If anything comes up, you can count on me.” Her flame-mouth turned back into normal fire.</p>

      <p>That was that. I’d learned I couldn’t use <em>Connection</em> on the tenth floor. My next objective seemed to be Floor 20.</p>

      <p>Maria broke her silence. “Is it over now, Master?”</p>

      <p>“Yep, that’s it. We’ve done all we can do today.”</p>

      <p>“Was that voice Ms. Alty? The girl we saw during lunch?”</p>

      <p>It may have been a mouth of fire, but Alty’s voice had been no different from her usual self’s.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, that was Alty. She’s a fire specialist. She can do this sort of thing.”</p>

      <p>“Whatever that was, it was beyond ‘specialist.’ What in the world <em>is</em> she?”</p>

      <p>“I don’t know much myself. She’s an enigma, but you can’t deny she knows her stuff. When it comes to the Dungeon, she’s unrivaled.”</p>

      <p>I decided not to let slip that Alty was a monster. Since Alty and I were now cooperating (after a fashion), I refrained from disseminating information that would be to her detriment. And above all, I hated to imagine what’d happen if it did get out.</p>

      <p>“Is that right...”</p>

      <p>Maria may have picked up on the fact I was withholding information, given the curt reply. But if she was happy leaving it at that, then so was I. I gave my menu a rote check and determined that my MP was too low to continue the dive.</p>

      <p>“All right, I say we head home.”</p>

      <p>“Wait, we’re going back already?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. We were battling in the Dungeon this morning too, so I haven’t got much MP left.”</p>

      <p>“I see. In that case, please leave the monsters on the way back to me.”</p>

      <p>It seemed Maria still had strength to spare. I reckoned it was because Perception and Hunting were passive, continuous skills that didn’t eat up any MP. Considering <em>Dimension</em> required MP as fuel, I was envious.</p>

      <p>Just as she’d declared, Maria mopped up almost all of the monsters on the way back. There were a few close shaves here and there, but as I swooped in for the save, we sustained no injuries worth mentioning and made it to the surface. Thus ended Maria’s first day of diving. One could call it a huge success.</p>

      <p>We proceeded to convert the day’s spoils into money. The sum we earned astonished her; in just one day’s dive, we’d netted our living expenses for the next few months, which would have been unthinkable to Maria before.</p>

      <p>“Holy <em>wow</em>,” she said. “I knew Dungeon gems were valuable, but not <em>this</em> valuable. Now I see the rumors of high-income divers are actually true.”</p>

      <p>A pouch full of the money we’d earned in her hands, she stood there, trembling. Her words made the strangeness of it sink in for me, and I wanted to share in that sensation with her.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I guess so. Being able to earn this much this easily is kinda screwy, huh? You know what, you can take half of it.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“You gave me a hand. I figure you deserve a good half of it, so...”</p>

      <p>“Oh c’mon!” Maria shook her head. “That there’s what’s screwy! I mean, absolutely everything was thanks to you, Master! It’s all because you were there!”</p>

      <p>She thrust the pouch back at me. However, I didn’t really see the point of adding this piddling amount to my fortune. Perhaps my sense for how to spend money had gotten out of whack, and I had the windfall I’d gained from Tida’s head to blame. As such, I decided to trust the opinions of a lower middle class person like Maria.</p>

      <p>“Half’s too much, huh? Makes sense. Okay, so how much do you want?”</p>

      <p>“Master, I’m your property. I don’t get paid at all. I’m happy if you just bring me back home.”</p>

      <p>Maria was still unwilling to step away from being my slave. I could let it go as a joke earlier that morning, but I couldn’t have her be that stubborn about it. At this point, I felt I had no choice but to speak my mind.</p>

      <p>“Well, that’d make <em>me</em> feel shitty. Surely you of all people get it by now? I’m not big-hearted enough to be sheltering slaves. That’s why I want our relationship to be more carefree.”</p>

      <p>A pause. “That’s not true. You have a big heart, Master. You’re not normal.”</p>

      <p>I was all but pleading now, yet Maria still couldn’t accept it. And I couldn’t swallow the idea that I was a big-hearted individual. If I were, Maria wouldn’t be here. That said, I had a feeling that if I kept arguing with her, I’d be the one to get taken to task. In the Dungeon, the results would have been disastrous.</p>

      <p>“Okay, fine. We’ll meet in the middle, then. You can’t object to that, surely?”</p>

      <p>“Meet in the middle, you say?”</p>

      <p>“You did put your life on the line back there. I just want to make sure you’re not totally unpaid.”</p>

      <p>“That is true... What you pulled this morning <em>was</em> pretty bad.”</p>

      <p>“See? And I won’t split it 50-50 either. I just want you to take a little.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. If you insist, I’ll take a tiny little bit.” She mustered her resolve and agreed to take her pay.</p>

      <p><em>Really wish she didn’t </em>have to<em> muster her resolve over something so silly.</em></p>

      <p>She took a deep breath and named her price.</p>

      <p>“So then, I’ll take five or so pieces of copper, if you please.”</p>

      <p>Five pieces of copper. That was about enough for one solid meal. <em>The kid doesn’t know a thing...</em></p>

      <p>I didn’t have to say anything; it was clear I wasn’t pleased with her choice. In response, she grinned. <em>Maybe she said that </em>knowing<em> it was too little.</em></p>

      <p>I shrugged. “A few pieces of <em>silver</em>, more like.”</p>

      <p>“What am I, a princess? Don’t be ridiculous. Even just ten pieces of copper’s riding the line.”</p>

      <p>“Okay, then take a single piece of silver. That’s the lowest I’m going.”</p>

      <p>“If I have to take more, then give me eleven pieces of copper.”</p>

      <p>“You only went up by one coin! Meet me in the middle here, would you?”</p>

      <p>“Hrm. Fifteen pieces of copper, then.”</p>

      <p>“Look, if it’s copper you want, take eighty. Don’t forget this payment’s for you sticking your neck out.”</p>

      <p>“I didn’t forget. It’s why I’m asking for fifteen.”</p>

      <p>“C’mon, you can go up at least a little. You’re supposed to meet me midway every time I name a sum...”</p>

      <p>“I suppose it can’t be helped. Let’s go with twenty.”</p>

      <p>“Finally starting to get serious, are we? All right, then...”</p>

      <p>Our negotiations were half in jest. Maria must have enjoyed this sort of back-and-forth, because she was tenacious to the end. Ultimately, I got her to take fifty pieces of copper. The look on her face... She was dumbfounded. I was just relieved that she could go shopping for herself.</p>

      <p>After we had fun negotiating, I decided to bring Maria back home and go back outside myself. She asked where I was going, and I truthfully replied that I was heading to work. She also asked what I did for work, to which I answered that I did assistant stuff at the pub.</p>

      <p>That yielded her most shocked expression that whole day. “If you’re earning <em>this</em> much money diving, why are you doing odd jobs for chump change?”</p>

      <p>I had no real answer for her, but I managed to persuade her that gathering information at the pub was indispensable for diving, and with that, I headed out. Her look of amazement didn’t subside as she watched me leave.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>