<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>DUNGEON DIVE: Aim for the Deepest Level Volume 2</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: A Fresh Attempt</h1>

      <p>We found ourselves in the Dungeon.</p>

      <p>Maybe when I say “the Dungeon,” the image that springs to mind depends on the person. I’m sure there are some who picture an amusement park house of mirrors, while others think of a scribble you’d find scrawled on paper. Meanwhile, the kids of today, myself included, probably think of the sort of dungeon you’d crawl through in a video game. The kind that’s written out as the English word “dungeon” but uses the characters meaning “labyrinth.” I’d like to think that almost every adolescent boy is like me that way, anyway.</p>

      <p>So let me be clear—this was a video game dungeon.</p>

      <p>The dark stone of the corridors was moist and damp, and that musty odor was mixed with the smells of slinking beasts and spilled blood. It was the spitting image of a video game dungeon, albeit a tad on the gloomy side.</p>

      <p>Such was the dimly lit path I now proceeded down...a red-haired little girl in tow.</p>

      <p>“Hmm.” The girl, who was leading the way, sensed a disturbance and turned around to face me. “I’ve spotted a monster ahead of us, Sieg.”</p>

      <p>Her face was childlike and adorable—cherubic, even, and her burning red eyes were her most striking feature. Perhaps due to her diminutive stature (no taller than an elementary schooler), her sleeves were far too long on her. They had been rolled up to fit the length of her arms, but that couldn’t mask her childish mien. Anybody not in the know would probably see her as some cute little kid out playing and go, “D’aww.”</p>

      <p>Not me, though. I was far from melting from her cuteness. In fact, I was ever ready to defend myself at a moment’s notice on the assumption that death’s scythe hung over me at all times. My combat-focused dimensional magic, a spell called <em>Dimension: Calculash</em>, was up and active. To put it in RPG terms, I was using support magic made to wield against bosses. And that was only natural, considering the girl in red <em>was</em> one of the Dungeon’s boss monsters.<br/><br/></p>

      <p class="noindent"><code>【DECIMAL GUARDIAN】Thief of Fire’s Essence</code><br/><br/></p>

      <p>The text my menu-sight displayed in my retinas proved she was, in truth, a monster. The girl in red’s name was Alty, and she was an absolute beast that the divers of the Dungeon Alliance had failed to defeat over decades and decades.</p>

      <p>“Got it, Alty. All right, battle time. I’ll provide support from the rear.”</p>

      <p>And with that, the umpteenth battle that day was at hand.</p>

      <p>Through my <em>Dimension</em> spell, I could perceive my surroundings in depth, which allowed me to grasp any sign of enemies in this pocket of the Dungeon. Swift, ratlike monsters were skittering ahead of us. By employing my Analyze option and focusing on the monsters, I learned their name (“Grain Rat”). They were low-ranking but zippy little things. Your average Dungeon diver would probably have trouble following them with their eyes. But Alty wasn’t your average diver.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>