<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 8</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello everyone, this is Yuri Kitayama. Thank you for reading <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles, Volume 8: Beyond Memories</em>.</p>

      <p>In what feels like the blink of an eye, two years have passed since <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> was serialized, allowing me to release a total of eight volumes so far. This is all thanks to the readers that supported my work and all the people involved in publishing, who I’d like to thank from the bottom of my heart. I am always very grateful to each and every one of you.</p>

      <p>Now, since I’m being emotional about the passing of time today, I’d like to look back on the many things that happened in the past two years of this series.</p>

      <p>I held an autograph session when Volume 4 went on sale, the manga version of <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> by Tenkla was announced when Volume 5 went on sale, and there was even a popularity poll that was held when Volume 7 went on sale (the results of which are available online), and then the manga was suddenly discontinued...</p>

      <p>Ah, and we also ranked on ‘<em>Kono Light Novel ga Sugoi! 2017</em>,’ released last November (thank you very much for that)! And so, with the release of Volume 8, I’d like to use this space to announce something new and exciting.</p>

      <p>That being said, the announcement has already been posted everywhere online so I’m sure many of you are aware already, but a new version of the <em>Seirei Gensouki</em> manga will be starting this July. Replacing Tenkla as the artist will be Futago Minaduki, and the new manga series will be composed completely differently to the old one, so please check it out if you haven’t had the chance to yet! (It’s available for free through the website!) Thus ends my manga announcement.</p>

      <p>Next, a different topic. Since there are still some lines available in the afterword, I’d like to talk about the main story of the work a little.</p>

      <p>How did you find <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles, Volume 8</em> after the long wait? I believe those who follow the web novel will be largely surprised by the contents.</p>

      <p>It was a surprise... right?</p>

      <p>Readers of the web novel should have expected things to an extent, like how Miharu did this, or Liselotte did that, or Latifa and the others did this and that. The light novel and web novel have already varied in content quite a bit, but expectations are made to be betrayed.</p>

      <p>On the other hand, for the readers who have only read the light novel, I did my best to refine the plot so that the impact of a blank slate could be enjoyed. I hope you were able to enjoy the first time experience only attainable by not reading the web novel.</p>

      <p>Thus, whether you’re a web novel reader or light novel reader, there’s no way for an author to discern which is better... but as long as you’ve found <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles, Volume 8</em> to be interesting, then nothing else could make me happier as an author. I have great plans for Volumes 9 and 10 to be even more exciting in the future, so please keep following this story and give it your love and support.</p>

      <p>Finally, to Riv, who once again drew such lovely illustrations: thank you very much! Rikka’s character design really hit a home run with me; I couldn’t stop grinning! Also, congratulations on the birth of your child! I’d like to use this space to offer you my warmest congratulations.</p>

      <p class="signature">— August 2017, Yuri Kitayama.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>