<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 23</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Teatime with a Friend</h2>

      <p>In the skies above the Beltrum Kingdom, Celia was on her way back to the Galarc Kingdom in the airship that had departed from the Claire territory. She sat on the sofa in a cabin across from Aria, who had accompanied her on her trip as her guard.</p>

      <p>“It should be ready now. Here you go.” Aria poured tea into a cup and offered it to Celia.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. It smells great.”</p>

      <p>Celia picked up the cup in her right hand and took a deep breath to enjoy the scent. She then tilted the cup to elegantly pour it into her mouth.</p>

      <p>“Wonderful as always,” she said happily.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. If I’ve impressed a tea enthusiast like you, then I can have confidence in myself.” Aria poured herself a cup with a pleased smile.</p>

      <p>“Even without impressing me, you impress Liselotte every day, don’t you?” Celia said bashfully.</p>

      <p>“I won’t deny that my master is just as much of an enthusiast as you. She mentioned how she wanted to have tea with you again sometime.”</p>

      <p>“Really? I’d love to.”</p>

      <p>“Please humor her when you have the time.”</p>

      <p>“Of course.” Celia nodded happily and took another sip of her tea.</p>

      <p>“...” Aria began drinking her tea quietly. Thus, the two relaxed from their journey by enjoying their tea for a while. There were lulls in conversation, but the silence was never awkward. Time passed peacefully.</p>

      <p>“This is bliss.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>Those were the only words they exchanged, until Celia suddenly giggled.</p>

      <p>“He he.”</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter?” Aria asked curiously.</p>

      <p>“Nope. Spending time with you like this takes me back to our time at the academy. It made me happy remembering those days.”</p>

      <p>“I see. It was indeed a great time.”</p>

      <p>“We used to study together back then.”</p>

      <p>Celia looked into the distance, quietly remembering the past.</p>

      <p>“We did. I can’t believe it’s been over twelve years since then.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?! Wow, you’re right. It’s really been that long.”</p>

      <p>“The thought of getting older with every passing year is unpleasant,” Aria lamented with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“Really? I think you’ve become more beautiful with time. You were pretty before, but you’re even more beautiful now.” Celia praised Aria with an amused chuckle.</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing to gain from flattering me.”</p>

      <p>“That’s fine. I’m saying it because I want to,” Celia said with a grin.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Aria smiled with a hint of shyness, then observed Celia closely. “Meanwhile, you haven’t changed at all,” she said.</p>

      <p>“What?! That can’t be! I’ve changed a lot! I-I must have grown taller since I was twelve!” Celia stood up in a fluster and used her hand to show how tall she used to be in comparison.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I don’t know about that. But either way, you’ve always been extremely adorable. On the outside and inside too,” Aria said with a soft tone as the image of past Celia overlapped with the person before her.</p>

      <h2>Tsundere Sleeping Beauty</h2>

      <p>This is a tale from a hypothetical world.</p>

      <p>In Japan, in a high school of a certain city, student council president Sumeragi Satsuki and treasurer Amakawa Haruto were gathered in the student council room after school.</p>

      <p>“It’s great how the next play has been decided,” Haruto said as he poured tea from the student council’s teapot.</p>

      <p>The members of the student council, including Satsuki and Haruto, often collaborated with the drama club to hold various plays at the school and local events as volunteer work. Their next play was to be a rendition of the fairy tale <em>Sleeping Beauty</em>. But Satsuki seemed dissatisfied or sullen about something, as her expression was gloomy.</p>

      <p>“It’s great how the program was decided so smoothly. But I think Miharu’s more suited for the princess role than me,” she muttered.</p>

      <p>Indeed, the main character of <em>Sleeping Beauty</em>, the heroine and princess, would be played by Satsuki herself. It seemed that she thought herself unsuitable for the role.</p>

      <p>“Haruto, you want to see Miharu play the princess too, don’t you? Since you’re playing the prince, I’m sure you’d prefer Miharu as the princess,” Satsuki said with a pout.</p>

      <p>“I’d be lying if I said I didn’t want to see it, but that doesn’t mean I don’t think you’d be a good princess too. I think it suits you perfectly,” Haruto said truthfully with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>“Wha...” Taken aback, Satsuki blushed. “D-Don’t say that straight to my face,” she protested in embarrassment.</p>

      <p>“It’s the truth though.” Haruto scratched his cheek with his right index finger somewhat shyly.</p>

      <p>“...” Satsuki narrowed her eyes at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Uh...” Haruto faltered with an awkward look.</p>

      <p>“Here I am trying to swap roles with Miharu, yet you’re saying things like a flirt without even realizing it... And with such an annoyingly pretty face too,” Satsuki mumbled under her breath so that Haruto couldn’t hear.</p>

      <p>“Satsuki...?” Haruto hesitantly peered into her face, wondering what she was saying.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. I see. So you want to see me as a princess. You’d prefer me as the princess, you say. Since you’re so insistent, you better take responsibility by playing my prince, right?”</p>

      <p>Although Haruto hadn’t gone as far as to say either of those things, Satsuki smirked boldly as she made it sound like he had.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha... Please go easy on me...”</p>

      <p>“No. Just so you know, my Sleeping Beauty has more thorns than others. If you make a sloppy performance, I’ll prick you with my thorns. You can’t change your mind later and say you’d prefer Miharu after all. You better be prepared,” Satsuki said, then jokingly poked Haruto’s shoulder, imitating a thorn.</p>

      <p>“Take that!”</p>

      <p>“Hey. That tickles, Satsuki.”</p>

      <p>Haruto twisted his body to avoid Satsuki’s hand, but Satsuki’s thorns extended after him, pricking him energetically. It was a quiet and peaceful moment after school.</p>

      <h2>Holding Hands</h2>

      <p>In the Holy Kingdom of Almada, in the Holy City of Tonerico, Rio and Sora were on their journey to find out more about the Divine War.</p>

      <p>The general headquarters of the adventurer’s guild was located in Tonerico, attracting adventurers from all over the world to the nearby labyrinth. This made Tonerico one of the most famous cities in the Strahl region, and the city was bustling with people. Rio and Sora were walking through that city in search of information.</p>

      <p>They were unable to walk side by side due to the number of people on the streets. Sora was only the size of a seven- or eight-year-old child, so she couldn’t see past the tall adults that walked towards her. Thus, she kept bumping into people every few steps.</p>

      <p>“Hmph...” Sora nimbly moved around to avoid bumping into people, but she really just wanted to stick by Rio’s side without moving away. Every time she had to distance herself, she ran back to Rio.</p>

      <p>“Shall we hold hands, Sora?” Rio suggested, noticing her predicament.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!” Sora looked up at him in shock.</p>

      <p>“There’s a lot more people here than in other cities. We should try to stick together.” He offered her his hand.</p>

      <p>“...” Sora blinked, staring at Rio’s hand blankly.</p>

      <p>“If it’s too embarrassing for you, you don’t have to...”</p>

      <p>“N-Not at all! It’s just that Sora isn’t worthy of holding hands with the Dragon King!” Sora explained in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Then you’re not against it, right? I’d prefer it if you held hands with me.”</p>

      <p>Rio waited for Sora to link hands with him with a gentle smile.</p>

      <p>“I-If it’s all right with you, then...!” Sora grabbed Rio’s hand while trembling.</p>

      <p><em>It’s the Dragon King’s hand! It’s so big and warm! Wah! </em>Overcome with emotion, Sora beamed happily.</p>

      <p>“Let’s get going then.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right!”</p>

      <p>Thus, the two resumed their search for information.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>