<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 23</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>But things were different now. He wanted to look at the girl before him and learn more about what kind of person she was. That’s why he racked his brains on how to ask for her name once again, when—</p>

      <p>“Sir Takahisa. My name is Lilianna. Please call me that.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?! Oh... Okay.” Takahisa startled, then nodded.</p>

      <p><em>Ugh, was I that obvious?</em> Takahisa thought in embarrassment. That being said, he was relieved she had introduced herself again.</p>

      <p>“Sorry. I know I was told your name, but I forgot it...” he apologized honestly.</p>

      <p>“Oh, there’s no need to worry about that. It’d be natural for anyone to forget in the circumstances you were under.”</p>

      <p>If he hadn’t admitted to forgetting her name, they could have brushed it all aside without addressing it. But Takahisa had apologized up front—and this made Lilianna’s eyes widen in surprise. She seemed to have a favorable impression of such sincerity, as she shook her head with a sweet smile. She wasn’t bothered by her name being forgotten in the slightest.</p>

      <p>“No, I should have remembered the name of a girl who introduced herself to me. As both a human and a man, I’m the worst.”</p>

      <p>“It really doesn’t bother me at all, so don’t beat yourself up over it,” Lilianna said gently.</p>

      <p>“I’ve made up my mind. From now on, I’ll never forget the name of a girl again. Never.”</p>

      <p>With a completely serious look, Takahisa spoke with determination. It felt as if he had missed the point somewhere, but this was his resolution after reflecting upon himself.</p>

      <p>“He he.” Lilianna laughed in amusement, unable to hold herself back.</p>

      <p>“Wh-What’s so funny?”</p>

      <p>“What you just said. Please try and remember the names of gentlemen too, or they’ll be too pitiful.”</p>

      <p>“N-No, it’s just that my father said a man who makes a woman cry is the worst—”</p>

      <p>Takahisa scratched at his head awkwardly. It was unclear what the exact trigger was, but their conversation took off from there. Takahisa himself probably didn’t know, but he laughed like he’d done when he was back on Earth.</p>

      <p>After their meal, Takahisa received the explanation of how Miharu and the others may have been summoned in this world as heroes. Hope lit up within him.</p>

      <p>As of that day, Takahisa became optimistic. He was especially close with Lilianna, who devoted herself to him in many ways, and they had a good relationship. Eventually, when he learned that Satsuki had been summoned in the Galarc Kingdom, that hope changed to anticipation.</p>

      <p>Perhaps he could see Miharu again soon. The next time he saw her, he would tell her his feelings for sure.</p>

      <p>With that decided, Takahisa attended the banquet held at the Galarc Castle.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p><em>Why did things end up like this?</em></p>

      <p><em>Honestly... Why... Why...</em></p>

      <p><em>How did this happen?</em></p>

      <p>After attending the banquet, Takahisa lost everything.</p>

      <p>He told Miharu his feelings, but she didn’t accept them. In an act of desperation, he tried to take Miharu to the Centostella Kingdom against her will.</p>

      <p>Instead of there being zero chance of a relationship with Miharu, there was now a negative chance. Satsuki and Masato had both lost hope in him too.</p>

      <p>After that, Takahisa was forced to return to the Centostella Kingdom, and there he remained shut in his room all day. He felt too awkward to talk to Lilianna so he actively avoided her. The only person he could directly face was Aki, who had experienced the same pain as him.</p>

      <p>But then one day, it happened.</p>

      <p>It was the same day that Rio became a transcendent one. Although Takahisa was unaware that this was the reason...</p>

      <p><em>Oh, what have I done...?</em></p>

      <p><em>How could I have been so foolish?</em></p>

      <p><em>I have to apologize. I need to apologize to everyone...</em></p>

      <p>Those feelings rapidly grew out of nowhere, snapping Takahisa back to his senses like waking from a nightmare. The guilt he had shut away in his heart came pouring out like a waterfall. With that, Takahisa was unable to sit still—he burst out of the room he had shut himself away in.</p>

      <p>But it was at that exact time that something else happened in the castle. Lilianna and Masato had suddenly vanished into thin air. Takahisa and Aki were also shocked when the news reached them, and they worried for the two dearly.</p>

      <p>The reason for their disappearance was confirmed several days later: Masato had been summoned as a new hero, and Lilianna had been dragged into his summoning. The two were safely waiting in the Galarc Castle. Hearing that, Takahisa made a direct appeal to the king to go to Galarc himself. He bowed his head low, desperately explaining how he was worried about Masato and Lilianna, and that he wanted to apologize properly to Miharu and the others for what he did.</p>

      <p>Finally, Takahisa was permitted to set foot in the Galarc Castle once again. He was able to meet Masato, Lilianna, Miharu, and everyone else again... And after apologizing as soon as he saw them, Miharu and Satsuki permitted him to stay in the castle for a while.</p>

      <p><em>Have they really decided not to forgive me? Will we never return to what we were when we were on Earth?</em></p>

      <p>He couldn’t stop worrying. The worries grew greater as more time passed, until they had surpassed worry—and turned into fear.</p>

      <p><em>What if...</em></p>

      <p><em>What if Miharu hates me this time?</em></p>

      <p>No. He didn’t want to be hated. He couldn’t afford to be hated this time.</p>

      <p>The thought of being hated was so, so, so terrifying...</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>Takahisa opened his eyes and leaped up in bed. His face was pale as a sheet, and he was soaked with sweat. His heart wouldn’t stop racing unpleasantly. Panting heavily, Takahisa looked around the room in worry. It was still late at night, so the room was pitch-dark.</p>

      <p>Eventually, he realized that this was reality.</p>

      <p>“A dream, huh...” Takahisa sighed in relief, as he realized it had been a nightmare.</p>

      <p>But his reality was no different from his nightmare. No, there were problems that only existed in reality. When he imagined himself messing up again...</p>

      <p>“No, no... I can’t fail this time. I don’t want to go back to Centostella.”</p>

      <p>He was so terrified, his face twisted until it was crumpled.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>