<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 23</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“M-Miha—?!”</p>

      <p>Miharu closed his mouth by slapping him across the cheek. The dull sound of the slap physically obstructed Takahisa’s words. He was unable to speak her entire name.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Huh...?” Takahisa was terribly confused.</p>

      <p>“You...” Miharu glared at him with intense resentment. “You’re the worst, Takahisa.” Her words were heavy with both anger and sadness.</p>

      <p>“S-Sorry! Miharu, I—!” Takahisa apologized reflexively.</p>

      <p>“For what?”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“What are you sorry for?” Miharu asked as though she was completely mystified.</p>

      <p>“Ah, I—That’s...for saying weird things,” Takahisa mumbled weakly.</p>

      <p>“Don’t apologize if you don’t know what you’re apologizing for. I can’t trust your apologies,” Miharu snapped bluntly.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I’m sorry, sorry...” Takahisa apologized over and over again in a panic.</p>

      <p>“I’m not the one you should be apologizing to, am I? Princess Lilianna must have been really hurt.”</p>

      <p>Miharu’s voice was trembling. No, it wasn’t just her voice—she had never slapped anyone in the face before. The hand she struck Takahisa with was still shaking. The arm she swung and the rest of her body was trembling as well. She felt she could fall apart at any moment, but that didn’t stop her from criticizing Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Oh, I...” Takahisa looked at Lilianna.</p>

      <p>“Did you hurt Princess Lilianna for my sake? Is that why you said something so horrible?” There was a strong look of guilt on Miharu’s face as she asked that.</p>

      <p>“N-No, you’re wrong. You’re wrong, I—!”</p>

      <p>“Never mind. I don’t want to know. You’re always trying to change the subject, I don’t want to listen to what you have to say anymore. But there’s something I have to say to you in my own words. It’s my fault I didn’t make this clear from the start,” Miharu said as a preamble.</p>

      <p>“I don’t like you, Takahisa. I hate you. I won’t be with you. I don’t want to be near you. Don’t show your face in front of me ever again.”</p>

      <p>She rejected him using the strongest language she could.</p>

      <p>“No...” Takahisa looked like his world had ended.</p>

      <p>“Hilda. Could you please take Takahisa to his room in the castle? I will bring Princess Lilianna back inside, where she can wait for you to pick her up afterwards,” Miharu asked the captain of Lilianna’s guards.</p>

      <p>“Understood. Please look after the princess. Frill, you stay by her side.”</p>

      <p>Hilda bowed deeply towards Miharu and gave Frill directions to stay back. Frill nodded silently.</p>

      <p>“Princess Lilianna, please forgive me. It’s my fault that this happened...” Miharu approached Lilianna and bowed deeply.</p>

      <p>“N-No, you’re not to blame, Lady Miharu...” Lilianna wiped her tears and shook her head, still somewhat dazed.</p>

      <p>“Come now, Sir Takahisa.”</p>

      <p>“H-Hey! Wait! Miharu, wait...!” Takahisa shook off Hilda’s hand and yelled in Miharu’s direction.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Miharu didn’t try to look at him. There was no way she couldn’t hear him, yet she looked in the opposite direction as though she hadn’t heard him.</p>

      <p>“I was lonely! I hated being alone! I was alone from the moment I came to this world, that’s why I was scared of becoming alone again! Because I love you, Miharu. That’s why I started getting weirder and weirder...”</p>

      <p>Takahisa voiced his weakness, confessing his love in the confusion of the moment.</p>

      <p>“I hate myself for being like this too! But please, please... I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. Please, please forgive me... I’ll repent properly this time! I’m begging you...”</p>

      <p>He fell to his knees and lowered his head desperately, his face ghastly pale.</p>

      <p>Miharu looked extremely conflicted as she frowned, considering whether there was room to give him any consideration. But she had the feeling that if she forgave Takahisa here, the same thing would just happen again. She believed that forgiving Takahisa here would definitely be the wrong thing to do, which was why she had to reject him properly.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go, Lady Miharu.” Lilianna seemed to think the same way as Miharu, as she gently touched her back and nudged her away.</p>

      <p>“Right. Come here, Aki. Let’s go back together.” Miharu nodded firmly, calling out to Aki who was watching Takahisa worriedly.</p>

      <p>“Okay...” Aki tore her eyes away from Takahisa, severing her lingering attachments and nodding. Then, Satsuki walked up to Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Takahisa. Stay in your room and cool your head until you return to Centostella. Think long and hard about what you did wrong. I will see you off when you leave, so we’ll talk then.”</p>

      <p>That will be your true final chance—was implied in Satsuki’s words as she looked down at Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Ngh...”</p>

      <p>Instead of replying, Takahisa sobbed into the ground. Thus, Miharu and the others returned to the mansion while Takahisa was taken to his room in the castle.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Two days after that was the morning of Takahisa’s return to the Centostella Kingdom. Lilianna had informed him the night before that he would be leaving the Galarc Kingdom this morning.</p>

      <p>“I’ll be off then.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki was about to leave the mansion to go see Takahisa off. She bid a temporary farewell to Miharu, Aki, and Masato, who were staying back at the mansion.</p>

      <p>“Satsuki... Please take care of my brother.” Aki bowed her head.</p>

      <p>“Yeah...” Satsuki nodded.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Princess Lilianna?”</p>

      <p>Masato was about to say something when he looked out the front door and noticed Lilianna coming up the path to the mansion.</p>

      <p>She seemed to be in a great hurry, as she had the hem of her dress pinched in her hands as she ran up the path. Everyone was wide-eyed at the sight of it.</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, did something happen?”</p>

      <p>Satsuki hurried out of the mansion and ran towards Lilianna. Miharu, Aki, and Masato were close behind her.</p>

      <p>“I’m so sorry,” Lilianna apologized through panting breaths.</p>

      <p>“For...what?”</p>

      <p>The residents of the mansion were puzzled by why she was apologizing.</p>

      <p>“Sir Takahisa has disappeared...”</p>

      <p>Lilianna revealed that Takahisa had run away.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>