<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 23</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“I’m sorry it’s been so long... If you’re here now, does that mean you’re okay now?” Celia asked, peering at her mother’s face worriedly.</p>

      <p>“Yes. The last time you were in the basement of the mansion, I was on bed rest. I recovered two months ago, but the six months of lying down took a toll on my muscles, so I’m not fully back to normal yet.”</p>

      <p>Monica didn’t seem to consider her body’s disorder unfortunate at all. She giggled cutely as she answered. There was a charm to her that was unthinkable for someone over forty years old. Even a teenage boy could fall for her.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>“Don’t make that face. Nothing will happen to me as long as I rest.”</p>

      <p>Monica touched Celia’s cheek gently.</p>

      <p>“I’ve wanted the three of us to hug together again. Heh.”</p>

      <p>Roland gathered his wife and daughter in his arms.</p>

      <p>“It’s suffocating. You—step back a little.” Monica gently let him down, making him step back.</p>

      <p>“Ah, okay...” Roland nodded dejectedly and loosened his hold on them.</p>

      <p>“...” Feeling like she had finally returned home, Celia smiled happily. However...</p>

      <p>“U-Umm, there’s something I need to discuss with you...”</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, she couldn’t continue to enjoy her family time like this forever. After being attacked at the fortress, Celia feared that Duke Arbor would make a move on Roland and Monica next. She had hurried here in order to inform them all about it.</p>

      <p>“That’s right... Aria explained things briefly. She went to check on the grounds as planned, but was everything okay on your end, Celia?”</p>

      <p>Roland took another step back and pulled himself together, showing worry for Celia.</p>

      <p>“Yes, as you can see. But what’s more important right now is the two of you. Duke Arbor may come for you. I came here today to tell you that.” Celia looked between her parents’ faces from her mother’s arms.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Roland hummed in thought. It was at that moment that a loud explosion could be heard outside the mansion.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>A short while ago, outside where Aria and Lucci were facing each other.</p>

      <p>“What do you think you’re doing?” Aria asked Lucci. He had whipped around after she hit Arein on the back of the head with her sword hilt and knocked him out.</p>

      <p>“Well, well... If it isn’t the babe who went into the mansion just now.”</p>

      <p>Despite being on the receiving end of a surprise attack, Lucci was extremely composed. In fact, he even had a relaxed grin on his face. This was because he knew from all his experience that panicking was unhelpful in unexpected situations.</p>

      <p>“Answer my question.”</p>

      <p>“Say, want to have a good time with me?”</p>

      <p>Aria shook her head in annoyance. “This conversation is going nowhere.”</p>

      <p>“Hey now, don’t say that. I’m glad to be talking to you, you know?” Lucci said, carefully assuming a combat-ready position.</p>

      <p>His opponent was someone capable of surprising them and knocking out Arein. There was no way he would let his guard down.</p>

      <p><em>Judging from his features, this is the enchanted sword user from the Heavenly Lions that Celia mentioned. He looks like a thug, but he’s apparently quite skilled. And his sword’s ability is...</em></p>

      <p>Even without crossing swords with Lucci, Aria could tell who he was from his behavior. She began walking in a circle around Lucci while keeping a close eye on his enchanted sword.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no helping it. At worst, an unconscious man may have to be the only prisoner I can capture.</em></p>

      <p>She glanced at the unconscious Arein and made a decision.</p>

      <p>“The fact you left me alone means you prefer me over him, right?” Lucci asked, also glancing at Arein before looking at Aria.</p>

      <p>“...” Aria sighed heavily, too annoyed to reply.</p>

      <p>She had aimed for Arein first because he had a magic attack aimed at Celia. She could see that Lucci was equipped with a troublesome enchanted sword, so while she had wanted to take him out first, she prioritized Celia’s safety.</p>

      <p>“I’m going to assume your silence is affirmation.” Lucci grinned smugly.</p>

      <p>“I don’t know what you’re misunderstanding, but I suggest you surrender immediately if you do not wish to die. Unless you’re claiming to be related to the Claire house—in which case I ask that you present proof.”</p>

      <p>The fact they were hiding in the bushes and attacking people passing by was more than enough proof they were suspicious, but she had to go through the right process.</p>

      <p>“I should be asking you that. Who are you to Count Claire? I’ve never heard of him having such a skilled female knight,” Lucci asked in return.</p>

      <p>“I will assume your avoidance of the question means you are unrelated. I don’t know which country hired you mercenaries, but I will use force if you refuse.”</p>

      <p>“Really, now.”</p>

      <p>Aria insinuated that she was aware of Lucci’s background. Lucci’s gaze grew sharper at that, and the two took on positions fully prepared for battle.</p>

      <p>They both moved at the same time.</p>

      <p>Each side possessed their own enchanted sword. Their physical bodies were enhanced to a similar level. The moment they were within range of each other, they both swung their swords at the same time.</p>

      <p>The screech of metal clashing against metal repeatedly echoed through the air. The two swords clashed multiple times in the span of one or two seconds.</p>

      <p>Unable to reach a resolution in a single round, the two stepped back and caught their breaths before closing in for a second round.</p>

      <p>“Whew. You really are a fine woman! How about we go for a round in bed as well?” Lucci whistled in admiration and praised Aria.</p>

      <p>“I refuse.”</p>

      <p>Aria paid Lucci’s flirting no mind and charged forward.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!”</p>

      <p>Lucci deftly handled Aria’s attack and proceeded to aim a counterattack at her in return. But Aria immediately distanced herself again. Without pausing to rest, she swiftly ran in an arc around Lucci.</p>

      <p><em>Tch, she sure moves around a lot. In fact...</em></p>

      <p>Lucci clicked his tongue, sensing something was off. It felt like Aria was overly aware of his counterattacks. She never stopped moving, even in situations where it would normally be safe to do so.</p>

      <p>Lucci was able to use his enchanted sword to cut through space, teleporting his blade to a point within his field of view. It was a sure-kill move against anyone who was unaware of the sword’s ability. But it was still difficult for Lucci to aim precisely against a moving target, so he was unable to use that ability against Aria when she moved.</p>

      <p>“You already know what my sword’s ability is, don’t you?” he guessed after he’d watched her move for a while.</p>

      <p>“...” Aria neither confirmed nor denied it. But Lucci was convinced that she knew and narrowed his eyes warily.</p>

      <p><em>There aren’t many who know the ability of this sword...</em></p>

      <p>It hadn’t been long since Lucci learned to use the sword. It was possible she had seen Lucius use the sword before, but it was hard to imagine Lucius would have shown the sword’s abilities to anyone. Which meant...</p>

      <p>“You heard about it from Celia Claire, didn’t you? So that hooded figure who went inside just now was her after all...”</p>

      <p>Lucci’s focus turned to the mansion for a brief moment. At that, Aria took the chance to approach him. She swung her sword and overwhelmed him, forcing him backwards.</p>

      <p>“Should you be looking away right now?”</p>

      <p>“Ugh...!” Lucci was knocked off balance. While he managed to keep a hold of the hilt, the sword was blown back so far, he was leaning backwards.</p>

      <p>Aria proceeded to close in on him, swinging again.</p>

      <p>“Huh?!” She suddenly leaped aside as though she had noticed something. At almost the same moment, darkness spread on the ground one step away from Lucci, the blade of his enchanted sword emerging upwards. If Aria had been one step closer to him, the blade would have gone through her foot. Upon closer inspection, the blade of Lucci’s sword was covered in darkness, and its length was shorter than before.</p>

      <p>“Seriously? You evaded that?” Lucci grinned. Although his attack had missed, he seemed to be enjoying himself.</p>

      <p><em>So he showed an opening and feigned weakness on purpose. Being able to use traps like this is rather annoying...</em></p>

      <p>Aria looked down at the enchanted sword reaching out of the ground in annoyance. He had made her lower her guard before activating the sword’s ability and attacking from an unexpected position. It wasn’t so easy to avoid a move like that. However...</p>

      <p><em>If I keep an eye on his sword, I can tell when the ability is activated. There has to be some process to casting the ability and attacking too...</em></p>

      <p>She could see a chance of victory. She had been able to see his ability with her own eyes, so there was no need to observe him any further. With that, Aria prepared her next attack.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what’s going on?”</p>

      <p>Three hooded men appeared out of nowhere, surrounding Aria.</p>

      <p><em>He had more men after all...</em> Aria sighed in annoyance.</p>

      <p>After explaining the situation to Roland and Monica, Aria’s first priority once she left the mansion was Celia’s safety. She had headed straight for the entrance of the grounds, where she discovered Lucci and Arein hidden in the trees to the side, leading to their current situation.</p>

      <p>“As you can see, I’m being hit on by a babe. But it seems she’s a bit of a wild one, and our flirting got a little out of hand.”</p>

      <p>Lucci looked over at Arein, who was still unconscious, and explained the situation to his fellow mercenaries.</p>

      <p>“You need to end this woman quickly. The sound of your swords reached the garden. Any longer and the guards will come.”</p>

      <p>“Tch, guess I have no choice.”</p>

      <p>The four mercenaries decided to take out Aria together.</p>

      <p>“<em>Magicae Displodo</em>!” Aria recited in a quiet voice, aiming her hand in the air. A magic circle appeared.</p>

      <p>“Wha...!” The mercenaries hurried to stop her, but Aria leaped away from them and onto the branch of a nearby tree. She then fired the magic cannon into the air. A deafening boom could be heard throughout the estate.</p>

      <p>Her ability to remain calm in this situation and rapidly cast a magic spell without any hesitation was remarkable.</p>

      <p>“You...” The mercenaries glared up at Aria angrily.</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t help but notice that you didn’t want the guards to find you, so I called them over,” Aria said simply. With this, the guards of the estate would gather within the next few minutes.</p>

      <p>“Tch.”</p>

      <p>Lucci swung his sword, warping his blade to slash at Aria while he remained on the ground. But Aria leaped to another branch before jumping down to the ground. The branch Lucci slashed fell to the ground behind her.</p>

      <p>“Surround her!”</p>

      <p>The mercenaries charged towards where Aria landed. They wanted to finish her off before the guards arrived to prevent her from spreading any information.</p>

      <p>The members of the Heavenly Lions were all equipped with mass-produced enchanted swords. They weren’t unique pieces like Aria and Lucci’s swords and could only enhance their physical bodies, but that enhancement was far stronger than using magic to enchant their physical abilities. The mercenaries drew near faster than expected.</p>

      <p><em>They’re fast!</em></p>

      <p>Aria’s eyes widened faintly. But in contrast to her surprise, her body moved calmly. She deflected the swords of the three mercenaries with precision, then backed away to make sure they couldn’t get behind her.</p>

      <p>“Th-This woman...!” Even though three men were attacking her at once, they couldn’t land a hit on her. Sensing Aria’s strength, panic started to spread across the men’s faces.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha! Strong, isn’t she?!” Lucci was the only one who remained back, laughing happily.</p>

      <p>“This is no laughing matter!”</p>

      <p>“We have to silence her quickly!”</p>

      <p>They had the advantage in numbers. With enough time, they should be able to take her out. But they didn’t have time to waste in a situation like this.</p>

      <p>However, Aria was in a similarly pressured position.</p>

      <p><em>Each one of them has extremely high skill. So this is the rumored Heavenly Lions. This might be a bit of a problem...</em></p>

      <p>If she had been facing three knights that had their physical abilities enchanted with magic, she would have had no issue suppressing them.</p>

      <p>But against three veteran warriors with bodies enhanced through enchanted swords, that was no longer the case. Furthermore, the most dangerous man was waiting behind them, and she had to spend some of her attention watching how he moved. Considering the ability of his enchanted sword, she could be attacked from anywhere. Under such unfavorable conditions, merely being able to block all their attacks was a feat.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Lucci! You need to fight too!” one mercenary yelled in anger.</p>

      <p>“Don’t panic. There’s an order to this. Once you three are rejected, it’ll be my turn to win her heart!” Lucci replied, thrusting his enchanted sword forward. His sword moved through empty space, but he wasn’t trying to stab the air.</p>

      <p>The tip of his sword was swallowed in darkness, and a similar darkness appeared behind where Aria was retreating. The blade flew out from that darkness. The three mercenaries had made it easier for him to aim by directing where Aria could move. It was improvised teamwork, but it had gone well.</p>

      <p>“Oh!”</p>

      <p>Aria had naturally expected Lucci to attack from behind, so she’d noticed the blade early on. However, although she had noticed it, she was unable to react.</p>

      <p>This was because of the three men surrounding her from the front, left, and right. If she tried to turn around and deflect the sword behind her, they would attack. But if she continued facing them at this rate, Lucci’s enchanted sword would stab her.</p>

      <p>The teamwork of the mercenaries created a situation where she couldn’t avoid the attack even though she knew it was coming. There was only one thing she could do: avoid the sword behind her without looking.</p>

      <p>Merely avoiding it could create more openings for further attacks, but this was her only choice to get out of this dilemma without injury. Moreover, her current stance was too unstable for her to jump. She wouldn’t be able to put much distance between them, and she’d be targeted the moment she landed.</p>

      <p>Thus, Aria twisted her body with her feet on the ground.</p>

      <p>“That’s what I thought!” Lucci had been waiting for the moment she tried to evade him. He shifted the enchanted sword to swing in the direction she was evading.</p>

      <p>“Guh...” With no other choice, Aria braced herself for impact. She wouldn’t be able to block other attacks if she blocked this one, but there was no other option for her.</p>

      <p>“Aria!” a girl’s voice shouted; it was an extremely familiar voice to Aria. In the next instant, a fifth sword that didn’t belong to the mercenaries appeared in Aria’s field of view. That sword swung upwards from below, deflecting Lucci’s enchanted sword just before it reached Aria’s body. Metal clashed against metal.</p>

      <p>Lucci’s enchanted sword flew in an unexpected direction, slashing through the air before disappearing into the darkness and returning to its original position.</p>

      <p>Sure enough, the one who had repelled Lucci’s blade was Celia. Celia flipped her sword after her swing and brought the blade back down on the other three mercenaries.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!”</p>

      <p>The elegant swordsmanship made the three men back away from Aria.</p>

      <p>“I apologize for arriving late,” Celia said, lining up beside Aria.</p>

      <p>“Not at all. Thank you for that. But I’m shocked—when did you learn that kind of swordcraft?” Aria asked in surprise. Celia’s movements just now were impressive even to a swordmaster like Aria. Although they were in the middle of battle, she couldn’t help herself from asking about it. When she shot Celia a sidelong glance, she could tell there was a keen light in her eye that wasn’t there before. However...</p>

      <p>“I’m actually cheating a little. I’ll explain it to you later,” Celia said with a wry smile. She was still her usual self.</p>

      <p>“Please do. I would love to hear it. But for now, I assume I can entrust my back to you?” Aria asked with a smile.</p>

      <p>It was strange. There was nothing logical about it. As far as Aria knew, Celia was a sorcerer that should be protected in this situation, yet she felt assured enough to leave her to fight.</p>

      <p>Celia nodded firmly. “Of course.”</p>

      <p>Thus, the battle changed from four on one to four on two. Aria and Celia still had the disadvantage in numbers, but there was a vast difference between taking four people on at once compared to taking on two people each. With a reliable partner by her side, she had nothing else to worry about.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>