<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 23</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 5: Takahisa’s Memories</h1>

      <p>Sendo Takahisa loved someone from the moment he first met her. Her name was Ayase Miharu, and it was the first time he had fallen in love at first sight.</p>

      <p>Takahisa first met Miharu a few days after his father remarried. The chance was given to him by Aki, his new stepsister from his father’s marriage. She had introduced Miharu to him.</p>

      <p>Aki was a little shy when the marriage first happened, but she quickly opened up to Takahisa and Masato. The trauma of losing her father and older brother in her parents’ divorce had left a hole in her heart. Takahisa and Masato had filled that hole without realizing it themselves.</p>

      <p>At any rate, that was the reason why Aki introduced Miharu, the person she adored like a real sister, to Takahisa and Masato.</p>

      <p>The first time they met, Takahisa was just about to enter middle school. He could still vividly recall how shocked he had been at that moment.</p>

      <p>“...” Miharu was so cute, he was rendered speechless.</p>

      <p>“You remember what I told you before, Miharu? I have new brothers! This is my older brother Takahisa, and younger brother Masato!”</p>

      <p>Back then, Aki had introduced them proudly to Miharu.</p>

      <p>“I see... I’m Ayase Miharu. It’s nice to meet you.” Miharu seemed to be nervous, as she greeted them with an awkward smile.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“Takahisa...?”</p>

      <p>Takahisa remained frozen for so long, Aki quietly checked on him. That prompted Takahisa to come back to his senses.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Oh, right... Umm, I’m Takahisa. Sendo Takahisa. I’ve just become Aki’s older brother. I-It’s a pleasure to meet you.” His voice cracked out of nervousness.</p>

      <p>“You’re really cute, Miharu. I’ve never seen someone so cute before,” Masato said honestly and upfront.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh? Th-Thank you. I’ve never been told that before.” Miharu blinked a few times before smiling shyly.</p>

      <p>“Masato...” Takahisa muttered Masato’s name enviously and reproachfully. Perhaps he was jealous of the way Masato could say whatever he was thinking so frankly. He wanted to be able to do that himself.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Masato. You’re not good enough for Miharu, so don’t even think about it,” Aki said, clinging to Miharu’s arm.</p>

      <p>“I know that much! Jeez.” Masato scratched his cheek.</p>

      <p>“But Takahisa might be a good match?” Aki said in question form, still clinging to Miharu’s arm. She looked between Takahisa and Miharu’s faces, her statement seemingly directed to the both of them.</p>

      <p>“Huh?! H-Hold on, Aki...!” Takahisa startled, his body shaking fiercely. Unable to think of a smart reply on the spot, he spoke in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“Aha ha. Takahisa will be distraught if you say that, Aki,” Miharu chided Aki first. Her wry smile showing how she was troubled herself left a deep impression on Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“What do you think, Takahisa?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Oh... Well.” Aki tried to get Takahisa to speak more, but all he could do was smile bashfully, not at all displeased with the suggestion.</p>

      <p><em>Yeah, I wouldn’t be distraught at all.</em></p>

      <p>Back then, Takahisa wasn’t someone who could say that out loud. That was the first meeting between Takahisa and Miharu; it was unclear whether Miharu still remembered that, but Takahisa definitely did.</p>

      <p>A few days after that...</p>

      <p>“Say, Aki... Does Miharu have anyone she likes?” Takahisa asked, having made up his mind.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Miharu...?” At the time, Aki had repeated his words happily. But when the question reminded her of her former brother, Amakawa Haruto, her face stiffened for a brief moment.</p>

      <p>“Aki...?” Takahisa peered into Aki’s face.</p>

      <p>“N-No, she doesn’t. Miharu doesn’t like anyone.” Aki’s voice trembled as she shook her head firmly. As a result...</p>

      <p>“I-I see. She doesn’t...”</p>

      <p>Takahisa sighed in relief, the muscles of his cheeks relaxing in happiness. He had been beside himself with worry, wondering what he would do if she had someone she liked and envying an imaginary rival. The Takahisa of this time was unable to read the subtleties of Aki’s heart and merely rejoiced in the good news.</p>

      <p>“Takahisa, could it be...that you...?”</p>

      <p>The shadow across Aki’s expression had disappeared at some point. She watched Takahisa with a look of expectation.</p>

      <p>“Oh, well, you know...” Takahisa didn’t explicitly confirm or deny her question, but the way he blushed and scratched at his cheek shyly all but confirmed it for her.</p>

      <p>“He he!”</p>

      <p>Thus, Aki easily saw through Takahisa’s feelings for Miharu.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>However, for the three years of middle school after that...</p>

      <p>There was no development in the relationship between Takahisa and Miharu. This was because Takahisa never actively approached Miharu throughout those three years..</p>

      <p>Miharu didn’t have any feelings for Takahisa in the first place, so without an approach from him, there’d be no reason their relationship would develop.</p>

      <p>Even if Takahisa had made a move, the thought of Amakawa Haruto still existed within Miharu. It would have been difficult for Takahisa to get Miharu to turn towards him even if he were actively pursuing her. However, the fact was that Takahisa did nothing. Even though it wasn’t as though he had no chance at all, Takahisa’s actions made sure he had no chance. Perhaps he had been overly hopeful that he had a good chance with her even if he didn’t make a move.</p>

      <p>But because Aki was there, Takahisa was able to be beside Miharu whenever he wanted. Miharu was like a real older sister to Aki, and Miharu treated Aki like her own little sister too. In other words, Miharu and Aki were inseparable.</p>

      <p>Thus, as long as Takahisa was a good brother to Aki, he would inevitably have an excuse to speak to Miharu. In reality, the only male student close to Miharu in and out of school was Takahisa. The way Miharu wasn’t very comfortable around the opposite sex also played a part in that.</p>

      <p>That’s why Takahisa was confident. Confident, and scared. What if he did something unnecessary and changed their relationship? He loved Miharu so, so, <em>so</em> much, he was absolutely terrified of confessing to her and being rejected.</p>

      <p>Besides, it was kind of fun.</p>

      <p>Miharu was so cute, she was always attracting the attention of male students in school. But the only one who was always with her was Takahisa, and that alone was enough to let him feel like he was special. He was beside himself with joy when he heard the rumors of other students who thought they were dating.</p>

      <p>There was no need to rush. The closest man to Miharu was himself. Which meant at the very least, Miharu was a little conscious of him. If he could keep their relationship like this, they’d naturally start dating one day.</p>

      <p>Takahisa told himself this until his three years of middle school ended.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>After that, Takahisa graduated from middle school. And with the entrance ceremony for high school fast approaching, he became uneasy. He was going to the same high school as Miharu, but high school changed people. A new male student might fall in love and confess to her.</p>

      <p>Besides, what if Miharu herself fell in love with someone?</p>

      <p>Takahisa began to panic. He agonized over it for all of spring break—whether to confess to Miharu.</p>

      <p>That was when he reached a decision: while he wouldn’t go as far as confessing, he would approach her more proactively in high school.</p>

      <p>Thus came the day of the entrance ceremony. On their commute and after they arrived at school, the comments were never-ending.</p>

      <p>“Whoa, isn’t that girl really cute?”</p>

      <p>“Is the guy beside her her boyfriend?”</p>

      <p>“What a handsome face.”</p>

      <p>The voices of the students around them gave Takahisa a slight sense of superiority.</p>

      <p>That’s right. He should be confident. He just needed to be a little more proactive. He was still the closest person to Miharu at this school. Takahisa silently cheered himself on.</p>

      <p>At this moment in time, he still had no idea that Miharu’s heart was taken by her childhood friend Amakawa Haruto, and that Haruto was also enrolled in the same high school as them.</p>

      <p>That being said, nothing would change even if he knew that... Because on their way home from the entrance ceremony, Takahisa was summoned to another world. Neither Takahisa nor Miharu would be able to experience their high school lives.</p>

      <p>Until the moment of his summoning, Takahisa was together with Miharu, Aki, Satsuki, and Masato. But before he knew it—</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>The scenery was completely different. They had been walking through the suburban streets of Japan together, but now Takahisa stood in an unfamiliar place by himself.</p>

      <p>It was a spacious and stylish space; perhaps it could be described as an ancient Greek or western style temple. Takahisa stood on an altar, gazing forward in a daze.</p>

      <p>There were others in the room with him. All of them wore fancy clothing no one from modern-day Earth would wear. Their outfits looked like they came straight out of a fantasy movie.</p>

      <p>“Wh-Whoa...”</p>

      <p>They stared at Takahisa in wonder and sighed. No one in the room was able to comprehend the situation, creating a long moment of silence, until—</p>

      <p>“Wh-What? Where are we? Hey guys, are you oka—”</p>

      <p>Takahisa snapped to his senses and turned around. He tried to call out to his friends, but naturally, it was just an illusion. There was no one next to him.</p>

      <p>“M-Miharu? H-Hey, guys?!” Takahisa shouted in a panic. He searched the faces of the people standing at the foot of the altar, looking up at him, but none of them appeared to be Japanese.</p>

      <p>“You’ve gotta be kidding me...” Takahisa fell to his knees. Just then, two people with far more extravagant clothing than the others stepped forward from the crowd. Knights that appeared to be their guards followed behind them. The two were far enough apart in age to be parent and child, and they clearly weren’t Japanese.</p>

      <p>One looked like a king, while the other looked like a princess. Takahisa would soon discover that these two were the king of the Centostella Kingdom, and his daughter the First Princess Lilianna.</p>

      <p>They addressed Takahisa, who kneeled lifelessly on the altar.</p>

      <p>“Are you the great hero?” the king asked.</p>

      <p>“...Huh?” Takahisa’s gaze turned towards the king and Lilianna. But at this moment in time, he was still unable to hear their words.</p>

      <p>“I am asking if you are the hero of legend,” the king asked once again. This time, Takahisa was able to take in his words properly.</p>

      <p>“...Wha?” His eyes widened.</p>

      <p>“...” The king stared at Takahisa, observing him silently.</p>

      <p>“H-Hero? What are you talking about?” Takahisa finally managed to find his words. His confusion was only natural.</p>

      <p>“Huh? I’m a hero? Was I summoned into another world?”</p>

      <p>In any other situation, someone asking a question like that would’ve been quite the oddball.</p>

      <p>“The altar you are standing on...” The king slowly raised his hand, gesturing at the altar.</p>

      <p>“Altar...” Takahisa’s gaze fell to his feet.</p>

      <p>“That is where our kingdom’s national treasure, the sacred gemstone, was enshrined. That sacred stone emitted an enormous pillar of light mere moments ago. When the light faded, the gemstone and its stand were gone, and you were standing in their place,” the king said, giving a simple explanation of the events leading to Takahisa’s appearance.</p>

      <p>“Is that...so...” Takahisa couldn’t even begin to think of himself as any kind of hero.</p>

      <p><em>So what?</em> he thought to himself.</p>

      <p>“The Six Wise Gods left behind sacred scriptures. Your arrival matches the events foretold within them regarding the heroes.”</p>

      <p>With that introduction, the king recited the passage in the scriptures of the Six Wise Gods relating to the heroes:</p>

      <p>“Armed with fierce weapons of divine power, the heroes protected humanity. A thousand years after the war between gods and demons, sacred stones of six colors will shine, releasing pillars of light into the sky. When that moment comes, they will return. Descending upon the land of Strahl, they will lead the people of this world in place of the six wise ones.”</p>

      <p>“I...see...” Takahisa was nervous about how to react to the prophecy passage.</p>

      <p>“Umm, did anyone come here before me? I was with a girl called Miharu!” he asked restlessly. More importantly, he wanted to know where Miharu and the others were above anything else.</p>

      <p>“Unfortunately, only you, the hero, appeared here.”</p>

      <p>“That can’t be...”</p>

      <p>There were so many other things that should have been on his mind, such as where he was, what heroes were, why he was here...</p>

      <p>Perhaps the situation was so abnormal, his mind was unable to catch up with everything going on. Or perhaps the shock of Miharu not being here left him no room to worry about other things. Either way, Takahisa was at a complete loss, stunned into a daze.</p>

      <p>“I am Giovanna Centostella, the king of the Centostella Kingdom. May I ask for your name, great hero?”</p>

      <p>“I’m Takahisa... Sendo Takahisa...”</p>

      <p>His heart unable to slow down, Takahisa muttered his name with a disoriented look.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>After that, the king treated Takahisa as the hero, welcoming him as a guest of the kingdom and appointing First Princess Lilianna as his caretaker, who would explain things to him.</p>

      <p>At that, Takahisa finally understood what had happened to him. This was a different world from Earth. The heroes had been summoned through no will of the Centostella Kingdom. Miharu and the others that had been with him were nowhere to be found, and he had arrived in this world alone.</p>

      <p>No matter where he searched within the castle and royal capital, there was no sign of Miharu and the others. On top of that, Takahisa had a strange dream where he was taught how to use the proof of a hero—the Divine Arms. And he was actually able to materialize it. This confirmed that Takahisa was the hero the legends spoke of, but—</p>

      <p><em>I don’t care about becoming a hero...</em></p>

      <p>Takahisa himself desired none of it.</p>

      <p>He wanted to wake up from this dream. But no matter how many times he went to bed and woke up again, he never returned to Earth. This wasn’t a dream, but reality. It was as good as a nightmare to Takahisa, but he had to accept that this was reality.</p>

      <p>However, whether Takahisa’s heart could withstand that reality was another matter. Could he no longer return to Earth? Would he never meet Miharu and the others again?</p>

      <p>“What should I do... What can I do...?”</p>

      <p>Unable to give up, Takahisa brooded for days.</p>

      <p><em>It was all about to start from here... Once we started high school, Miharu and I would...</em></p>

      <p>Had he wandered into this world all by himself? The fact that he’d pondered so much over how to approach Miharu in high school seemed ridiculous now.</p>

      <p>Because now, he might never return to Earth again. His relationship with Miharu had been physically snapped by coming to another world. He would never be able to convey his feelings to her again.</p>

      <p><em>If... If I knew things would turn out like this, I should have found the courage sooner...</em></p>

      <p>He should have told Miharu his feelings. Takahisa fiercely regretted how much of a foolish coward he had been. The same thoughts revolved around his mind, stirring the same emotions within him.</p>

      <p>“Argh...!” Takahisa yelled in irritation.</p>

      <p>But anger couldn’t expel these negative emotions. The sense of uneasiness and impatience accumulated with nowhere to go.</p>

      <p>“Argh, damn it! Damn it, damn it, damn it!”</p>

      <p>Takahisa remained in this state for the first few days after he was summoned.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Sir Takahisa.”</p>

      <p>Every morning, Lilianna would visit Takahisa’s room at a certain time each day. Beside her was her attendant, Frill.</p>

      <p>“...Yeah.” Takahisa’s gaze turned in the direction of the doorway where they stood. Even though he recognized their presence, his mind wasn’t focused on them. He didn’t have the mental leeway to respond to the two of them properly.</p>

      <p>To put it bluntly, it didn’t matter whether Lilianna was there or not. It took a few more days before Takahisa began to get closer to Lilianna.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Roughly ten days had passed since Takahisa wandered into this world.</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Sir Takahisa.”</p>

      <p>This morning, like every other morning, Lilianna had prepared breakfast for Takahisa and brought it to him. As always, Frill pushed the serving cart as they entered his room.</p>

      <p>“Morning... You came today too.”</p>

      <p>Takahisa was a little different from usual today. He still seemed to be brooding and in low spirits, but had he finally gotten tired of moping until now? His attention was turned to the two of them as he replied, and he was holding up his end of the conversation. Lilianna could tell he was expressing a slight interest in them.</p>

      <p>“Yes. If it isn’t a bother to you, would you like to have breakfast together today?” she asked. Although she was appointed as Takahisa’s caretaker, Lilianna didn’t try to speak to him until he spoke to her first. She could tell that forcing him into interacting with her would only have the opposite effect. That’s why until yesterday, her routine had been to bring him breakfast and leave immediately. But today was different.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Oh, sure... I don’t mind...” Takahisa blinked in surprise, but accepted the offer readily.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. Frill.”</p>

      <p>“Right away.”</p>

      <p>At Lilianna’s order, Frill retrieved two meals from the serving cart and brought them to the table in the room. Takahisa and Lilianna sat down, waiting to be served.</p>

      <p><em>She prepared enough for both of us from the start...</em></p>

      <p>Takahisa absentmindedly watched Frill move plates and cutlery around while wondering what Lilianna wanted to talk about. The truth was that two servings had been prepared every day until now, but he was unable to reach that realization. Once everything was set up—</p>

      <p>“Sir Takahisa. Was there any part of your meals that you disliked until now?” Lilianna asked, seated across from Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Oh, no... Nothing, I think...” Takahisa stammered terribly. Until yesterday, Takahisa had had practically no appetite. While he did manage to eat a little, he left behind most of what he was served. His low spirits had made him barely able to taste anything, and he couldn’t really remember what he put in his mouth.</p>

      <p>“If there are any flavors you dislike, please don’t hesitate to inform me.”</p>

      <p>Naturally, Lilianna knew that Takahisa hadn’t been eating well too, but she couldn’t tell whether that was because of his feelings, his food preferences, or possibly both, so she was probably trying to figure out the reason why.</p>

      <p>“Ah, yeah. I think it’s fine... Thanks,” Takahisa thanked her awkwardly, then continued. “Umm, I just wanted to say sorry. You’re letting me stay at this castle for free, yet I’m spending every day doing nothing while moping about...”</p>

      <p>He apologized and bowed his head. Had his depression helped him calm down and objectively reflect on his recent actions?</p>

      <p>Indeed, if Takahisa were to use an example from his perspective as a modern-day Japanese person, it was as though he were living in the penthouse of an ultra luxury hotel, with all his food, clothing, and shelter provided for free without limit. Although he had been in a depressed haze, after living like that for ten days, it was only natural that the thought that this might be bad would cross his mind.</p>

      <p>“No, I believe that was unavoidable considering your circumstances, Sir Takahisa. Please don’t let it bother you.” Lilianna smiled at him gently and shook her head.</p>

      <p>“I’m really sorry...”</p>

      <p>Maybe it was because she had so pleasantly used words that showed understanding for him. Takahisa looked terribly apologetic as he bowed his head.</p>

      <p>“I should apologize as well. Although we hadn’t expected such a thing, the sacred stone in our possession ended up summoning you to this world.”</p>

      <p>“No, well... No matter who had the stone, the result would have been the same anyway, right? So it’s nothing you need to apologize for. If anything, I’m glad I was summoned to a castle.”</p>

      <p>Takahisa appeared to be straining himself quite a bit, facing downwards as though to stifle his emotions. Lilianna stared at him closely.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for your generous words. After you were summoned, we conducted our own investigations. Unfortunately, we were unable to find a direct solution to your woes. However, it isn’t entirely impossible for the people you were with to be in this world as well, I believe,” she said.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“I’m unsure if this will be of any hope to you. It isn’t confirmed, so it has the potential to turn into more despair for you. That’s why we wavered on whether to inform you or not, but I decided to tell you now that we’re talking like this.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-What does that mean?! Miharu and the others are in this world too?!”</p>

      <p>Unable to contain himself, Takahisa rose from his seat.</p>

      <p>“It isn’t entirely impossible, is what I said. They might be in this world, and they might not be in this world. It will be difficult to search for them right away. If that is okay with you, then I can proceed to explain things further.”</p>

      <p>“Y-Yeah. Please tell me!” Takahisa replied immediately, as though there was no need to think about it.</p>

      <p>“I understand. However, I have one condition.”</p>

      <p>“A condition...?”</p>

      <p>Just what kind of condition would she ask from him? Takahisa tilted his neck awkwardly, nervous about how she was staring at him.</p>

      <p>“Let us eat while breakfast is still warm.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>The condition Lilianna presented was shockingly anticlimactic.</p>

      <p>“It seems like you haven’t had much appetite since coming to this world. We can’t have you collapsing because of that, so please... Please make sure you eat well.” Lilianna worried for Takahisa’s health and gazed at him fretfully.</p>

      <p>“...” Takahisa blinked and looked back at Lilianna.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, this girl is worried about me.</em></p>

      <p>That was the clear message he got as he stared at her.</p>

      <p><em>So this is what this girl’s face really looks like...</em></p>

      <p>Lilianna was a very cute girl. For the first time, Takahisa registered Lilianna as an individual human being. He realized that he had been so occupied with himself, he hadn’t tried to see what emotions other people were directing towards him.</p>

      <p><em>Oh, I’m the worst.</em></p>

      <p>Takahisa felt so ashamed and pathetic, he couldn’t help but clutch his head in his hands. Lilianna was startled by that.</p>

      <p>“Umm, Sir Takahisa? Was the food of this kingdom not to your tastes? If so, there’s no need to force yourself to eat, but...”</p>

      <p>Lilianna got to her feet in a panic, approaching Takahisa with hesitance.</p>

      <p>“N-No, that’s not it. It’s not like that... I’m just... I’m so sorry...” Takahisa sighed deeply, apologizing to Lilianna.</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing for you to apologize for, Sir Takahisa...”</p>

      <p>Perhaps this was the moment that Lilianna felt Takahisa’s humaneness for the first time as well. A hint of a warm smile could be seen on her face at the sight of Takahisa hanging his head in repentance.</p>

      <p>What could be said for sure was that it was none other than Lilianna who supported Takahisa when he was depressed from wandering into a new world, gently extending her hand and helping him stand back up. The only one who could realize the weight of that action was Takahisa, the one who’d been on the receiving end of her helping hand.</p>

      <p>“I’ll eat breakfast properly. I’ll listen to what you have to say after.” Takahisa prioritized breakfast over their talk.</p>

      <p>“Okay. Please have a seat then.”</p>

      <p>The food had already been served, so the two began eating together.</p>

      <p>“Was the food always this warm...?” Takahisa muttered after taking the first bite, his eyes widening in surprise. Ever since he came to this world, he had never touched his food right away. It was always cold by the time he got around to eating it.</p>

      <p>That’s why it felt like it had been a long time since he ate freshly cooked food. For the first time in a long while, he could taste the food. It also felt like a long time since he’d had a meal together with someone like this...</p>

      <p><em>I’m such... I’m such...</em></p>

      <p>Takahisa couldn’t stop his hand from moving his tableware. He discovered he was hungrier than he’d thought. Before he knew it, tears were spilling from his eyes.</p>

      <p>“Huh? That’s weird...” Takahisa wiped his eyes.</p>

      <p>“Sir Takahisa...”</p>

      <p>“I think some dust got in my eye.”</p>

      <p>“Right...” Lilianna nodded quietly, refraining from speaking further.</p>

      <p>“Umm... Princess, err...”</p>

      <p>Once Takahisa had finished wiping his tears, he looked at Lilianna and tried to address her. But as soon as he opened his mouth, he stammered and glanced around awkwardly.</p>

      <p><em>Crap. What was the princess’s name again?</em></p>

      <p>He belatedly realized he didn’t know the name of the girl who was eating breakfast with him.</p>

      <p>No, it wasn’t that he didn’t know. When Lilianna was appointed as his caretaker, she had introduced herself to him. However, Takahisa hadn’t tried to remember her name at that time. There had been no room in his heart, and his brain had considered it trivial information.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>