<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 23</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 3: Returning Home</h1>

      <p>In a city to the east of the Beltrum Kingdom, two women entered an inn just as the sun began to set. It was Celia and Aria.</p>

      <p>Being the hour that it was, many of the nearby inns were fully occupied. They had to go around several places before they were fortunate enough to find a room.</p>

      <p>“Thankfully we found a room,” Celia said once they entered, sighing tiredly as she sat down on the bed.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. You’ve worked hard carrying us such a long distance.”</p>

      <p>“You must be tired too.”</p>

      <p>Aria shook her head. “All I did was hold on to you.”</p>

      <p>“But I’m sure it wasn’t the most comfortable journey having to be carried—having to hold on—the whole way... We were moving pretty fast too.”</p>

      <p>In the end, Aria had held on to Celia the entire way from Amande while they flew. Celia tilted her head, struggling to find the right words to describe how they moved, but—</p>

      <p>“It was fine. Your body was perfectly comfortable to hold on to.” Aria giggled.</p>

      <p>“J-Jeez! Don’t make fun of me!”</p>

      <p>Celia ducked her head, blushing.</p>

      <p>“I’m not making fun of you. That aside, we did travel at a considerable speed. What was even more impressive was how little air resistance there was...”</p>

      <p>When an object traveled through the air, it collided with the air it was traveling against. This caused a force opposite to the direction of travel, also known as air resistance.</p>

      <p>“It seems my wings of light create a wind barrier around the caster, neutralizing the force of air resistance. Although I’m not sure how much speed it can withstand...”</p>

      <p>Celia herself was yet to fully understand how <em>alis luminis</em> worked herself. But Rio had said something about using a barrier to reduce air resistance when flying with spirit arts, so she figured this magic did something similar.</p>

      <p>“Does that mean you can increase your speed even further?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, although it depends on my magic essence. But the faster I try to go, the less efficient my essence consumption is, so it’s not optimal for traveling long distances.”</p>

      <p>Rio was able to fly faster and for longer without taking breaks, but that was because Rio had a ridiculous amount of essence.</p>

      <p>“I see... At this rate, we’ll be able to reach Cleia tomorrow morning. Will your magic essence last until then?”</p>

      <p>“Yup. I have the essence crystals Liselotte gave me as well. I’ll rest up tonight, and whatever I don’t recover I’ll refill from the crystals.”</p>

      <p>While it varied from person to person, it was generally said that thirty percent of one’s magic essence could be recovered by sleeping overnight. Recovery speed fell while awake, so the most effective way of recovering lost essence was to sleep well.</p>

      <p>“Got it. If we run low on essence crystals, I can hunt monsters for their enchanted gems, so just say the word.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you. But I’ll be okay for now. You rest up too...”</p>

      <p>“Understood,” Aria said.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, while Celia and Aria were checking into the inn...</p>

      <p>Elsewhere, at the capital of the Claire territory in the Beltrum Kingdom, Cleia. Sneaking around outside the count’s estate grounds were a few mercenaries.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Arein. The others have assumed their posts,” Lucci whispered to Arein.</p>

      <p>They were the members of the Heavenly Lions. At his waist was the black enchanted sword that had once belonged to Lucius Orgueil, their former leader. The sun had set, and their surroundings were almost dark.</p>

      <p>“All right. Now we wait until Mr. Reiss arrives. We’re going to take shifts keeping watch! You go sleep first,” Arein ordered.</p>

      <p>But Lucci’s gaze remained fixed on the count’s estate. “Say, Arein... Mr. Reiss’s goal is capturing the count’s wife, right? Why don’t we go in first and grab her, then?” He wondered why they couldn’t act before Reiss’s arrival.</p>

      <p>“Dumbass. They think we left the fort and went to Galarc, remember? How are we going to explain things if we invade first and capture her? Are you going to hand her over and just tell them the truth?” Arein asked in exasperation.</p>

      <p>While Charles wasn’t a concern, his father Duke Arbor was quite formidable. He was yet to trust Reiss completely either. If they acted out of line, it was possible they could completely lose his trust. Even if they managed to hand the count’s wife over with a plausible explanation, the situation put Reiss at risk of suspicion. That was why—</p>

      <p>“In order to avoid complicating things, we have to refrain from making noticeable movements ourselves. It’s best we wait for Mr. Reiss to arrive and help Charles capture her himself,” Arein added.</p>

      <p>In the first place, they had no way of knowing whether Celia was headed for the Claire territory at all. Even if she came, they didn’t know whether she intended on taking her parents away. She could arrive before Reiss, or she might not arrive at all.</p>

      <p>If it was possible for the count’s wife to be captured without issue, there was no need or urgency for the mercenaries to act and complicate things. And if they were to act, then they had to do so in a way that could be reasonably explained.</p>

      <p>“But if that woman comes... We have to act then, right?”</p>

      <p>“That’s right. We’ve been ordered to erase her if she arrives on an enchanted ship before Mr. Reiss. In a way that doesn’t identify us, that is.”</p>

      <p>“In other words, our mission is to finish off that tiny brat, but not capture the count’s wife, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah. If we kill that woman, she won’t be able to take the count’s family anywhere.”</p>

      <p>“I see... Well, as long as I get to fight her.” Lucci grinned eagerly. He was looking forward to a rematch with Celia after crossing swords at the fort.</p>

      <p>“You know we have no reason to fight her head-on when she’s in her best condition. Why do you think we went to Galarc to bring reinforcements to surround the mansion with?”</p>

      <p>“To ensure we’d be able to end her, no?”</p>

      <p>“Well, you could put it that way... But the goal is to capture her before she can do anything. And the reason why we want to do that is...”</p>

      <p>“So we can kill her before she casts any weird magic?” Lucci guessed, finishing Arein’s sentence with an unimpressed look.</p>

      <p>“Exactly. So you do get it. I don’t know what kind of magic or sorcery she used at the fort, but she’s no stronger than your average girl on the streets without it. She’s no threat without her magic.”</p>

      <p>That’s why they’d kill Celia before she could use her magic. It was as simple as that.</p>

      <p>“Assassination is no fun,” Lucci muttered. It seemed he was only interested in defeating Celia in a direct confrontation.</p>

      <p>“That part of you resembles the commander the most.”</p>

      <p>Arein recalled the late Lucius and mumbled to himself.</p>

      <p>“Ha. But the new commander is you. Keep it together, Commander Arein. I will move exactly as you order.”</p>

      <p>“That’s what I should be saying. I may be in charge of the group, but you’ve got the commander’s enchanted sword. Don’t forget you’re the face of the squad now.”</p>

      <p>The two glared at each other for a moment.</p>

      <p>“Yeah... I won’t do anything unworthy of this sword.” Lucci touched the sword at his waist and nodded with a serious expression.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>The next day, Celia and Aria departed from the city early in the morning and arrived at the Claire territory capital of Cleia before noon. The two passed through the gate and entered the city. Like the last time Celia was here, there were unemployed citizens loitering the streets.</p>

      <p>Celia only learned afterwards that Duke Arbor had pulled strings, forcing migrants to flock to the territories of the nobles of the princess’s faction. Among those migrants were those formerly employed in Duke Huguenot’s territory.</p>

      <p>In order to prevent public order from falling apart, Roland was doing his best to prepare temporary employment for them, but the situation was rather harsh.</p>

      <p>“...” Celia looked around at the city listlessly and sighed. There was nothing she could do.</p>

      <p>“Does the state of the city bother you?” Aria asked.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? Yeah, I last came here several months ago, but I wasn’t able to look around the city at the time...”</p>

      <p>The last time she came here had been with Rio. When she recalled that moment, sadness filled Celia’s eyes.</p>

      <p>“In that case, perhaps we could secretly look around before we leave. We traveled so fast, there was barely a chance to enjoy the journey. Besides...”</p>

      <p>“Besides?”</p>

      <p>“I’d also like a proper break from time to time. Especially if it’s with a trusted friend.”</p>

      <p>Out of consideration for her old friend, Aria offered those words with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“I see... Then let’s take our time on the way back. As thank you for keeping me company on my business, I’ll keep you company on your break.” Celia smiled happily.</p>

      <p>“In that case, let’s get your business over with. It’d be tragic if Duke Arbor’s forces made a move before us.”</p>

      <p>“You’re right. Let’s go.” Celia pulled herself together and nodded.</p>

      <p>“But before that... There’s a chance Duke Arbor’s forces are already here, so I have an idea.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>The two held a quick strategy meeting before heading for the count’s estate.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Later, at the Claire estate...</p>

      <p>Hidden in a corner of the grounds, Arein and Lucci monitored the path leading from the front gate for every visitor approaching the estate.</p>

      <p>“Hey.” The first one who spotted her was Arein.</p>

      <p>“Hey now, who’s that babe?” Lucci’s eyes widened as he saw the approaching visitor.</p>

      <p>A young blonde-haired woman dressed in an adventurer-like outfit was walking down the path. She had a slender and toned body, as though she had trained quite a bit, but her glamorous figure was still well padded in all the right places.</p>

      <p>Above all, what was most remarkable about her was her shapely, sculpture-like face. There was no doubt she was beautiful enough to turn the heads of every man and woman she passed in town, making them stop and stare in awe.</p>

      <p>Now, the identity of this woman was naturally Celia’s old friend, Aria... But Lucci was completely distracted by her appearance.</p>

      <p>“Dumbass. Look at her waist,” Arein warned him.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it’s a nice waist. I’d love to put my hands around it.”</p>

      <p>“Not that. It’s a sword—and a rather sharp one, at that.”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Oh, is that an enchanted sword?”</p>

      <p>Lucci finally directed his gaze to the sword at Aria’s waist.</p>

      <p>“She isn’t just a visitor, she must be some noble’s knight. I think I’ve seen her before somewhere...” Arein muttered, glaring at Aria with a sense of déjà vu.</p>

      <p>“Shall I go and find out for you?” Lucci suggested, ready to go and hit on her.</p>

      <p>“Stop messing around.”</p>

      <p>“Tch. It’s not like there are any guards around.” Lucci eyed her regretfully. That was how attractive a woman she was.</p>

      <p>“The other guards are watching other locations.”</p>

      <p>During that time, Aria marched through the gate and onto the estate grounds. That seemed to make Lucci finally give up.</p>

      <p>“Nothing we can do, I guess...” He sighed.</p>

      <p>Ten more minutes passed after that without any particular movement from the patrolling guards or servants. But then a new person came down the path, drawing the attention of the mercenaries.</p>

      <p>“Tch, this one’s got a hood on.”</p>

      <p>Lucci clicked his tongue. As he described, the new visitor was wearing a hood pulled down over their face. However—</p>

      <p>“That height is suspicious...” Arein mumbled.</p>

      <p>“True. That’s around the same height as that brat.” Lucci glared harshly.</p>

      <p>“They’re armed as well. It doesn’t look like a cheap weapon, but it doesn’t seem well used either.”</p>

      <p>There was over seventy meters between Arein and Celia, but he observed her carefully.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. Do you think that brat bought a new sword before returning home?”</p>

      <p>“It’s possible.”</p>

      <p>“Which means this is the one we’re after, right? What do we do first? Will it be a problem if she enters the mansion? Shall we kill her first?”</p>

      <p>“...” Arein didn’t answer Lucci immediately. The reason was because if the hooded figure <em>wasn’t</em> Celia, they’d have to deal with the trouble of disposing of an extra corpse. There was also the risk of being spotted by the patrolling guards.</p>

      <p>However, like Lucci said, it would be just as troublesome if Celia entered the mansion. This was the only opportunity they had to ambush her from an advantageous position. Sure enough—</p>

      <p>“We have no other choice. Let’s do it. I’ll attack with magic from here. You close in on them, finish them off, then confirm their identity and come back. If it isn’t that woman, bring the corpse back here.” Arein decided.</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>“All right, go! <em>Photon Projectilis</em>.” With that order, Arein held his hand up at Celia and recited the spell.</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>Lucci had already drawn Lucius’s enchanted sword before he replied, enhancing his physical body. He ran towards the hooded figure—at this point, he was sixty meters from Celia. With his body enhanced by the enchanted sword, he could close such a distance in a mere two or three seconds.</p>

      <p>“Ugh...!”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>Arein, who had been ready to fire the magic circle in his hand, let out a sudden cry. Sensing something was wrong, Lucci immediately whirled around.</p>

      <p>“What do you think you’re doing?”</p>

      <p>Aria stood there with her enchanted sword in hand, having just rendered Arein unconscious.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>As Lucci and Arein had guessed, the hooded figure had been Celia; she was walking down the path to her family’s mansion. The two were plotting to attack her from a mere sixty to seventy meters away.</p>

      <p><em>It’s quiet...</em></p>

      <p>There was no way for Celia to know that. Aria had ordered her to approach the mansion as naturally as possible, so she focused on moving her feet down the path.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, this was the strategy the two came up with before heading for the mansion: because it was possible Duke Arbor’s forces were already planted at the estate, Aria would approach first to check for any enemies hidden on the grounds. After entering the mansion and giving Celia’s family a brief explanation of the situation, Aria would slip out the back and search the area. Celia would then approach the mansion from the front gate and lure out any hidden attackers. That way, Aria would be able to ambush any lurking enemies from behind and meet up with Celia before returning to the mansion. This was their plan.</p>

      <p>Over ten minutes had passed since Aria entered the mansion. Celia’s arrival had been announced to the gatekeeper, so she was shown straight through the gate.</p>

      <p>She approached the mansion, when she spotted her parents looking out the front entrance of the mansion. Celia held back the urge to run up to them. If there really was someone watching her, running towards the mansion could have an adverse effect. That’s why she feigned composure as she approached the entrance, but when she eventually stepped inside—</p>

      <p>“Father! Mother!” Celia said emotionally as she reunited with her parents. She used all of her tiny body to hug both her parents at the same time.</p>

      <p>“Celia!” Her father, Roland, pulled her close and patted her on the back gently.</p>

      <p>“Celia, oh Celia. My darling daughter.” A silver-haired woman of small stature hugged Celia lovingly. She didn’t look a day over her twenties, but her actual age was over forty. Her name was Monica Claire, and she was Celia’s mother. It seemed like Celia’s young appearance was inherited from her mother.</p>

      <p>At any rate, Monica hadn’t been in attendance at Celia’s wedding to Charles, and she hadn’t been able to meet Celia the last time she sneaked into the basement with Rio. It had been a long time since Celia last saw her mother.</p>

      <p>“Mother...” Celia clung tightly to her mother, feeling the loneliness from being separated until now. Incidentally, there was a reason why they hadn’t met until now. It had to do with the rare congenital disorder that appeared within the Claire family bloodline.</p>

      <p>In short, some people were born with unstable constitutions.</p>

      <p>When they were healthy, they could run and jump perfectly fine. As long as they took care of themselves, their life spans were unaffected, and they could live perfectly normal lives.</p>

      <p>But there were times where they would fall ill without warning and be forced to rest. While there was no risk to their lives if they stayed on bed rest, moving around too much in this weakened state could potentially kill them. Their conditions could get so severe, they would be unable to walk more than a few meters.</p>

      <p>The duration of this condition varied from person to person, but they were forced to live in bed the entire time. And there was no telling when the next bout of this disorder would be—it could be weeks, months, or even years.</p>

      <p>That was why most people afflicted by this disorder never left the city they were born in. Monica had never left Cleia in her life either—Roland did everything in his power to spend time at home with her over his secondary residence in the capital.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, this disorder was said to reveal its symptoms in the affected within a few years of birth. In other words, those who showed no symptoms in their childhood were spared from this disorder.</p>

      <p>Fortunately, Celia was born without this disorder, but Celia’s mother was born with it.</p>

      <p>Digressing further, it was often a risk for women of the Claire bloodline afflicted with this disorder to give birth. If their condition deteriorated during the pregnancy, they could potentially lose their life. That’s why Roland and Monica had once disputed heavily over whether to make an heir together. It was only after many trials and tribulations that their daughter Celia had been born.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>