<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 23</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 2: At the Galarc Castle</h1>

      <p>The four heroes Sumeragi Satsuki, Sendo Masato, Sakata Hiroaki, and Sendo Takahisa were all gathered together in the training grounds of the Galarc Castle, the very same morning that Celia departed for Beltrum. Standing nearby and facing them were Gouki and Kayoko.</p>

      <p>It seemed that something was about to begin. A small number of royalty and nobility including Christina, Lilianna, King Francois, and Duke Huguenot were observing them from a far distance away. Kouta and Rei were also there as Hiroaki’s aides.</p>

      <p>“As you have all heard already, I have been newly appointed as Lady Satsuki and Lord Masato’s combat instructor. And since we were holding a lesson anyway, we decided to extend the invitation to the other two heroes.”</p>

      <p>As residents of the same mansion, Satsuki and Masato seemed to be aware of this already. Gouki’s explanation was directed to Hiroaki and Takahisa, who weren’t staying at the mansion.</p>

      <p>“The fact you are all in attendance means you all have the will to get stronger. Am I right to assume this?” he asked Hiroaki and Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“Ah... It’s true that I want to get stronger, but I have no plans on taking lessons from someone weaker than me, you know?” Hiroaki replied boldly, questioning whether Gouki was worthy of instructing heroes.</p>

      <p>“I’m pretty sure Gouki’s far stronger than you. Even the four of us would struggle to take him on together.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki shot Hiroaki an exasperated look. She and Masato had faced him numerous times at the mansion, but they were yet to win even once.</p>

      <p>“Ha! That has to be an exaggeration. Are you trying to make him sound good in front of us?” Hiroaki asked skeptically.</p>

      <p>“Bwa ha ha! It’s good to have some skepticism. In this case, it’s better to see for yourself. How about we spar?” Gouki suggested.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki’s disinterested attitude was quickly replaced with wariness.</p>

      <p><em>It’s damn obvious this old man is strong.</em></p>

      <p>He could tell that Gouki was probably stronger than him, and that there was a decent chance he would lose if he fought him.</p>

      <p>While Hiroaki might not even have been aware of this fact, he only ever projected a confident attitude in safe situations, ones where he felt he had the upper hand. This was mainly out of vanity, but his fear of losing to others and being looked down upon also played a part in it. In a way, it was a precaution of his.</p>

      <p>However, the current Hiroaki knew the taste of defeat. He had suffered a humiliating loss in Rodania to Kikuchi Renji, another hero just like him. He still kept up his brave front because he didn’t want to be looked down upon, but—</p>

      <p>“Fine. Let’s do it.” Hiroaki accepted Gouki’s suggestion. Until now, he would have confidently started making excuses for himself if he thought there was a chance of his losing and embarrassing himself, but the current Hiroaki had nothing to add. His expression merely stiffened nervously.</p>

      <p>“Very well. Could you act as our referee, Kayoko?” Gouki smirked as though he could tell what Hiroaki was thinking.</p>

      <p>“Sure.”</p>

      <p>Thus, Gouki and Hiroaki moved to the center of the training grounds. Kayoko followed them to judge their match, and the others all moved to the edge to observe them.</p>

      <p>“The Divine Arms you possess, the Yamata no Orochi... I find that weapon rather interesting. Its shape resembles my Kamaitachi,” Gouki said, drawing his own sword made by the elder dwarf Dominic.</p>

      <p>“I also find your weapon curious. Especially how it’s a katana made in this world... It even has a flashy name like Kamaitachi.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki materialized his Divine Arms from nowhere and grabbed it.</p>

      <p><em>Let’s see what this old man with his Japanese sword thinks of my fighting style.</em></p>

      <p>Until now, Hiroaki had never received any formal fighting instruction from anyone. Part of the reason was because he didn’t want to train beneath someone, but another reason was because there were no other katana-like swords in the Strahl region. He believed there was nothing to learn from knights that only used European swords.</p>

      <p>But now that he had lost to Renji, this military man from the Yagumo region who was a master of such weapons could be the perfect instructor for him.</p>

      <p>“The use of any arts besides physical body enhancements is forbidden. This will be a match of only swordsmanship.”</p>

      <p>“All right.” Hiroaki had a rare look of enthusiasm on his face.</p>

      <p>“If both parties are ready, you may begin.”</p>

      <p>“Ready.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>The two distanced themselves from each other and held their swords ready. While Gouki’s stance was as stable as an ancient tree, Hiroaki’s posture was shaky like a twig in the ground.</p>

      <p>“Begin!” Kayoko called, signaling the start of their duel.</p>

      <p>“Rah!” Hiroaki first charged straight towards Gouki...</p>

      <p>“Huh?!” Gouki closed the gap between them first, stopping Hiroaki in his tracks. Gouki also came to a stop at that, and the two faced each other from a few meters apart.</p>

      <p>“I commend your initiative to cut me off by charging at me first, but your intentions were too obvious. You weren’t expecting me to charge back, which caused you to come to a stop. You shouldn’t stop moving just because of something unexpected.”</p>

      <p>Shortly after beginning, Gouki immediately began correcting Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“The one who’s come to a stop is you, old man!” Hiroaki snapped back.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha! You make a good point. In that case...” Gouki said. He then moved.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!” Hiroaki reacted belatedly. He had kept his eyes on Gouki the entire time, yet he had no idea when he had moved. Gouki was simply in front of him before he knew it. Hiroaki quickly attempted to block him with his sword, but—</p>

      <p>“Guh...” Gouki easily knocked away Hiroaki’s sword and pointed the tip of his blade at his throat. It was clearly enough to end the match, but Gouki immediately pulled his sword back and retreated a few steps.</p>

      <p>“It’s too early to end this. Let’s continue a little longer. I will refrain from attacking, so show me what you’ve got,” he said.</p>

      <p>“Don’t look down on me! Damn it!” Hiroaki charged at Gouki once more, swinging his sword. But Gouki stepped out of his sword’s range without even lifting his weapon.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to worry about your attacks hitting me, you know?”</p>

      <p>“Shut up!” Hiroaki’s competitive spirit burned even hotter. From there on, Gouki went on the defensive, giving Hiroaki time to attack. He saw through all of Hiroaki’s attacks and dodged them one after another.</p>

      <p>“Hmm,” he said after one attack.</p>

      <p>“I see, I see,” he said after another, observing Hiroaki’s movements.</p>

      <p>“Hah... Hah...” Hiroaki’s breath gradually grew more uneven, and he eventually came to a stop.</p>

      <p><em>The template definition of a self-made style with no form, it seems. He could overpower the average person with his physical abilities alone, but that would be such a waste. It would be worthwhile teaching him.</em></p>

      <p>Gouki smiled as he evaluated him.</p>

      <p><em>This old man has completely seen through me... The moment I start swinging my sword, he already knows where it’ll go.</em></p>

      <p>Sensing there was a bigger gap in their abilities than he’d expected, Hiroaki watched Gouki fretfully.</p>

      <p>“I like your decisiveness. You’re using your head and thinking about how to make your attacks hit. But there’s too much excess in your movements. That sword length is intended for two-handed use. Swinging it without thinking will make your movements easy to see through,” Gouki said in his evaluation of Hiroaki.</p>

      <p><em>Tch... If he can read my movements, then...!</em></p>

      <p>While he was pretending to catch his breath, Hiroaki thought of a way to counter Gouki. After a while, a brilliant idea popped into his head. If his movements were being read, then he just had to move faster than Gouki could react to them. With that thought, he charged forward at his fastest speed thus far.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>