<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 23</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_2">
    <div class="main">
      <p>Celia and Aria watched the mercenaries carefully.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. Well. Guess this is it, huh? We’re retreating.”</p>

      <p>With a glance at the unconscious Arein, Lucci clicked his tongue and ordered a retreat.</p>

      <p>“What about the plan...?” one of the men asked him.</p>

      <p>“The plan failed. We might have a chance of winning, but dragging out the fight and getting one of us captured would be the worst-case scenario,” Lucci explained.</p>

      <p><em>Although Reiss would probably be able to silence us anyway... </em>he thought with a bitter frown.</p>

      <p>He had a fairly certain hunch that Reiss had used a magic artifact to silence their comrades that were captured during the attack on Rio’s mansion in the Galarc Castle. Among those captured was Ven, a man he had worked with for many years now.</p>

      <p>Those who failed their mission would be silenced. As mercenaries, this was the line of work they were in—there was nothing they could complain about. But that didn’t mean they were willing to lose their comrades.</p>

      <p>“Once we retrieve him, we’re getting out of here.”</p>

      <p>Lucci shot another distracted glance at Arein and urged his comrades to hurry. But neither Celia nor Aria was about to let them leave so easily.</p>

      <p>“You seem to think you’re going to leave like this. Did you think we would allow that?” Aria asked coldly.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, I do.” Lucci stabbed his enchanted sword in the ground. Darkness immediately spread everywhere.</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p>Aria and Celia watched the area around them cautiously. But Lucci hadn’t activated his enchanted sword to harm them.</p>

      <p>Darkness spread around where Arein laid on the ground. The darkness swallowed him like a swamp, and his body reappeared on the ground by the sword.</p>

      <p>“Hey, take care of him,” Lucci ordered one of the men. A mercenary picked up Arein’s body and threw him over his shoulder.</p>

      <p>“Aria, let’s let them leave,” Celia whispered to Aria.</p>

      <p>“Are you sure?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. We want to avoid any unnecessary fighting as well. If they’re here, then that confirms Duke Arbor is after mother and father. It won’t be strange for the main army to show up soon. These men might even be a distraction for them...”</p>

      <p>It was possible another squad could be marching upon them right at this moment, in order to target Roland and Monica. That’s why Celia decided it wouldn’t be wise to draw out the battle. Oddly enough, her reason for withdrawing was the same as Lucci’s—they both had people they wished to protect.</p>

      <p>“Very well...” Aria agreed without sheathing her sword. Meanwhile, the mercenaries slowly and carefully backed away. The one carrying Arein went first, flanked by two others for protection.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.”</p>

      <p>Lucci guarded them from the rear, holding his enchanted sword ready to use at a moment’s notice. But Celia and Aria showed no sign of following them, so they quickly made their departure.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Several hours later, before noon, a number of Beltrum’s enchanted airships landed on the lake beside Cleia, the capital of the Claire territory.</p>

      <p>Led by Charles, the Beltrum army’s knights and soldiers marched straight into the city and made their way to the count’s estate. They entered the estate without any warning and rudely threw open the front door of the mansion.</p>

      <p>“Count Claire! Count Claire!” Charles yelled from the entrance.</p>

      <p>“What’s all this commotion about?” Count Roland Claire appeared before them. He took one glance at Charles, the armed knights, and Reiss and Renji behind them.</p>

      <p>“Well this is a rather showy gathering.” Roland sighed with a frown.</p>

      <p>“Where is your wife?” Charles demanded, getting straight to the matter at hand without any greeting. It was an extremely rude act towards any noble, be it a lower noble or someone as high ranked as Count Claire. One would have no right to complain if they were told to leave. However, there weren’t many nobles who could stand up to Charles.</p>

      <p>Roland paused. “Why do you ask?” he asked after a moment.</p>

      <p>This seemed to convince Charles that Roland was worried for his wife. “I’ve heard that your wife is a skilled healer. There’s an important figure in need of emergency treatment. Your wife is being summoned to the capital to treat them,” he said in a pleasant tone.</p>

      <p>Roland’s expression stiffened. “I thought you were aware that my wife has been in poor health since birth?”</p>

      <p>“Of course I am aware. But we will be sending her by airship. I believe you said her ailment wasn’t a life-threatening disease, merely one that makes her feel unwell, no? This is an emergency; she can endure a little discomfort,” Charles declared brazenly. His insensitive words showed no understanding of the congenital disorder Monica was afflicted with.</p>

      <p>“Even the shaking of the ship is too much for her when her condition is poor,” Roland said calmly, his brow furrowed.</p>

      <p>“Are you saying she’s in poor condition right now?”</p>

      <p>“No, but her condition could worsen in transit. Couldn’t you bring them to the mansion?”</p>

      <p>“Impossible. The patient is even weaker than that. Your wife absolutely has to be the one to go to the capital.”</p>

      <p>“We’re getting nowhere like this...”</p>

      <p>“No, this decision is final. If you refuse...” Charles implicitly threatened Roland with forcefully seizing his wife if he refused to hand her over.</p>

      <p>“I see. In that case, I have no choice.” Roland backed down reluctantly.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” Charles smirked triumphantly. But for someone so well known for being a devoted husband, Roland had accepted the situation rather easily.</p>

      <p>If someone familiar with Roland’s temperament were here right now, they would probably find his reaction odd. Normally, Roland would have raged and revolted against Charles the moment he declared he was bringing Monica to the capital. Sure enough...</p>

      <p>“However, I’m afraid I am unable to hand her over to you,” Roland said with a shrug.</p>

      <p>“You’re refusing after all? We are prepared to use force to some degree...”</p>

      <p>“You can use force, but my wife isn’t at home right now.”</p>

      <p>Charles tilted his head, unable to comprehend what he said. “What...?”</p>

      <p>“It seems my wife finally got fed up with me. She stormed out of the mansion today, saying she was going to find our daughter herself.” Roland sighed heavily.</p>

      <p>“Wha... That can’t be! Find her! Search the harbor as well. Hurry!”</p>

      <p>He’d probably had a bad feeling—or rather, he’d expected it. Charles gave the knights under his command the order to search the estate, but they were unable to find Monica anywhere, and Charles’s angry roars echoed throughout the mansion.</p>

      <p><em>Please look after your mother, Celia.</em></p>

      <p>Roland walked outside the door by himself and stared up at the sky in the direction of the Galarc Kingdom in the east.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>In the skies to the east of the Beltrum Kingdom, a single enchanted airship belonging to Count Claire was flying. The ship seemed to be in a hurry, as it flew towards the Galarc Kingdom far faster than normal, without any concern for magic essence consumption.</p>

      <p>In the special guest room of the ship, Monica Claire was seated on the bed. Beside her was an attendant that had accompanied her from the mansion.</p>

      <p>Someone knocked on the door.</p>

      <p>“Come in,” Monica said.</p>

      <p>“It’s me, mother.” Celia entered. Aria was behind her.</p>

      <p>“Welcome.”</p>

      <p>“How are you feeling?”</p>

      <p>“Couldn’t be better,” Monica replied with a soft smile.</p>

      <p>“We’ll arrive in Amande this evening.”</p>

      <p>It had taken Celia and Aria an overnight trip to reach Cleia as they had departed in the afternoon, but this time, they had fortunately left Cleia in the morning. If they hurried along like this, they would arrive on the same day.</p>

      <p>“I can’t wait. Your father’s always been such an overprotective worrywart, I’ve never left the city even once.”</p>

      <p>It was her first time leaving the city since she was born. She probably wasn’t lying about looking forward to it.</p>

      <p>“Umm, about father...”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine.”</p>

      <p>When Celia brought up her father, who had remained in Cleia by himself, Monica shook her head with a fleeting smile.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be okay,” she stared out the window and said, as though to convince herself. It was clear she was thinking of her husband.</p>

      <p>As Monica turned her face to stare into the distance, a ray of light ran down her face. It almost looked like a droplet falling from her eye.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Earlier in the day, after Celia and Aria had repelled the mercenaries and returned to the mansion.</p>

      <p>“My dear Celia. Can you take your mother to the Galarc Castle with you?” Roland suddenly asked.</p>

      <p>“What about you, father?”</p>

      <p>“I will remain here. I may leave the city for work, but I cannot abandon this land and the people that His Majesty entrusted to me. Besides, if I go to Galarc as well, I will no longer be of use to King Philip and Princess Christina,” Roland said, giving his reasons for staying in Beltrum. This was the duty of a noble.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>It was why Celia couldn’t ask him to abandon his duty and come with her. However, it was clear from her expression that she was worried.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be okay. Don’t make that face, Celia. Duke Arbor still has a use for me right now. He will have no choice but to use me for a while, in fact.”</p>

      <p>That’s why there was no need to worry about anything happening to him, Roland explained in a calm tone.</p>

      <p>“But your mother is a different matter. There’s no telling when and how Duke Arbor may make a move on her. I don’t have the power to stand up to them right now. If they grab her while I’m away from Cleia, I don’t know what I would do...”</p>

      <p>The fact that Lucci and his men had been hiding on the grounds was confirmation that Duke Arbor was willing to make a move. If Monica remained in Cleia like this, Roland would be unable to protect her if he got desperate enough to act.</p>

      <p>“That’s why I’d like you to take her somewhere safe. I can only pray that her condition doesn’t worsen while traveling... Please take care of her, Celia.”</p>

      <p>He had many apprehensions towards sending her outside the city. But Roland entrusted Monica to Celia, believing it was better than her remaining in the mansion.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Leave it to me, father.” Celia nodded quietly.</p>

      <p>“You too, Monica. Please watch over Celia,” Roland said to Monica.</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure you feel uneasy about your first trip outside, but...”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be fine. You’re just too overprotective...”</p>

      <p>The two exchanged words while gazing at each other.</p>

      <p>“But it’s because you’ve protected me all this time. Because you’ve protected me until now, I’ve been able to live a happy, peaceful life. Thank you for everything. I love you,” Monica said to Roland.</p>

      <p>“Why so formal all of a sudden?”</p>

      <p>“My husband is staying behind for the sake of his family. It’s only right to say some words of appreciation and love. No... I can’t say enough.”</p>

      <p>“Did you fall in love with me again?”</p>

      <p>“I do every day.” Monica nodded, reaching to stroke Roland’s cheek lovingly. She then wrapped her arms around him in a hug.</p>

      <p>“Ha ha.” Roland grinned shyly. The two continued to embrace each other for some time.</p>

      <p>“Take care of yourself.” Monica bid her husband farewell.</p>

      <p>These were troubling times. Roland was in the midst of a power struggle. There was no knowing when they would meet again, or if they would ever meet again. It could even be Monica who met an untimely end first with her weak constitution.</p>

      <p><em>Forgive me for being a burden of a wife.</em></p>

      <p>Monica said this through her expression, but not her words. She knew that Roland didn’t consider her a burden by any means. Just like how Roland fulfilled his duty as a noble without any objection, Monica understood that her duty as his wife was to flee to safety. Which was why she would do just that.</p>

      <p>“I will. Take this chance to enjoy your time outside. Have a safe trip, my dear Monica.”</p>

      <p>Thus, the Claire husband and wife bade their farewells.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Later, back on the enchanted airship headed for Amande...</p>

      <p>“Then, I will be going now, mother. Please call me if you need anything.”</p>

      <p>Celia and Aria left Monica’s airship suite and made their way through the ship’s corridor.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Seemingly distracted by something, Celia let out a sigh; it was almost as though she was releasing an emotion that couldn’t be described in words. While she wasn’t completely lost in her own world, she certainly seemed to have her mind on something.</p>

      <p>“If you’d like to talk to someone, I’m all ears. It can be a complaint, a concern, anything.” Aria shot a sidelong look at Celia’s face and offered to be a conversation partner.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? Oh, thank you.” Celia snapped back to her senses.</p>

      <p>“I’m not upset about anything. I believe in my father,” she explained.</p>

      <p>“I know,” Aria acknowledged frankly.</p>

      <p>“It’s just...”</p>

      <p>“It’s just?”</p>

      <p>“Yeah... This feeling isn’t a complaint or a concern. It probably isn’t appropriate to be thinking this at a time like this... But I thought it was kind of nice. Watching mother and father, that is.”</p>

      <p>“They’re wonderful parents. I also admire them greatly,” Aria agreed with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Right, admiration. I felt admiration. The way they were able to understand each other beyond words, the way they’re connected even when they’re apart—it made me think this is what a married couple should be.”</p>

      <p>“I see... So you felt the desire to get married?” Aria asked flatly.</p>

      <p>“Who knows...? I used to be against the thought of marriage, but...” Celia was slightly taken aback, but the thought of marriage resonated oddly comfortably in her heart. She didn’t get worked up and deny it outright.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Instead, she blushed belatedly like there was someone of the opposite sex she’d immediately thought of.</p>

      <p>“Well, color me surprised. It seems like you have someone in mind?” Aria’s eyes widened. She couldn’t think of anyone around Celia whom she seemed to be interested in.</p>

      <p>“Oh, come on, don’t tease me.”</p>

      <p>“Either way, this isn’t a topic to discuss here. Please tell me more about it another time.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, right. I’m sorry, Aria,” Celia suddenly apologized as though she had remembered something.</p>

      <p>“Hmm? What are you apologizing for?”</p>

      <p>“We agreed we’d take our time returning so that you could get a break, right? But now we’re heading straight back to Amande as fast as we can.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, is that it? Don’t worry, we can go another time.”</p>

      <p>Aria smiled softly, happy that her friend remembered the conversation which could barely be called an agreement that happened just after they arrived in Cleia.</p>

      <p>“I know this won’t make up for it, but let’s have a talk after we return to Amande tonight.”</p>

      <p>“I’d be happy to.”</p>

      <p>“Yay. It’s a promise.”</p>

      <p>This time, Celia and Aria made a proper promise. This was what happened on the enchanted ship headed from Cleia to Amande.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, back at the Claire territory, in the capital of Cleia...</p>

      <p>Reiss informed Charles that he was stepping out to check the city and left the estate with Renji. Once he reached the city, he planned on meeting up with the mercenaries hiding there. Thus, he visited a certain inn. Lucci and the other men waited for him in a room there, ready to report on what had happened before Reiss arrived in Cleia.</p>

      <p>“I see. So that’s the situation.”</p>

      <p>“My apologies, Mr. Reiss. It was my fault. I let my guard down.”</p>

      <p>Arein apologized to Reiss, ashamed of how he was immediately knocked out by Aria’s ambush attack.</p>

      <p>“There was nothing you could do. I cannot say for certain, but based on your description, it sounds like that person was Liselotte Cretia’s trusted confidant, Aria Governess. Not even I expected her to accompany Celia Claire all the way to Cleia.”</p>

      <p>In fact, if Celia had gone to Cleia alone, the mercenaries would almost definitely have succeeded in their assassination.</p>

      <p>Celia’s close combat abilities were a product of magic, so there were plenty of openings to attack her when that magic wasn’t being used. However, Aria’s presence as her guard completely filled those openings.</p>

      <p><em>They keep exceeding my expectations, I see. Good grief... Perhaps I should assume they’ve seen through everything?</em></p>

      <p>Just whom was Reiss referring to, and what had they seen through? He almost seemed to be wary of some supernatural opponent that couldn’t be seen.</p>

      <p>“But won’t Duke Arbor hear of how we were working behind his back? That may put you in an unfavorable position, Mr. Reiss,” Arein said, expressing his concern for the negative effects of failing at their plan.</p>

      <p>“Indeed, things may become a bit more troublesome, but he should be able to overlook something of this degree. I’ll deal with it when the time comes. At least it came with perfect timing.”</p>

      <p>“What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>The mercenaries tilted their heads, unsure of what he meant by “perfect.”</p>

      <p>“I’d like to go and retrieve all my trump cards in preparation for the future. I will therefore be revisiting my old haunts. This should give Duke Arbor some time to cool down, and I won’t have to see him face-to-face either. Renji, Arein, and Lucci will accompany me.”</p>

      <p>“Obviously. I’m not letting you put off my flying lessons for later.”</p>

      <p>Renji was greedily eager to become stronger, so he had no objections to accompanying Reiss wherever he went.</p>

      <p><em>If they truly have seen through everything, then I have no choice but to prepare enough power to oppose them. It’s too much for me to handle right now, so I’ll have to consider activating </em>that<em>.</em></p>

      <p>What was Reiss going to fight with, and what kind of battle was he planning on bringing about? At the moment, there were only a few people who knew the answer.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>