<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 23</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>It was already dead at this point, but Sora put her whole body into a right-handed punch aimed at the Hero Killer’s heart. As a result, the armor that had resisted the attacks of countless adventurers throughout history was destroyed in a single hit. Her fist continued through the armor, destroying the Hero Killer’s ribcage too. The ten-meter-tall giant skeleton crashed into the ground.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>It was dead before it landed. The sword in its hand, shield, armor, and skeleton body all vanished without a trace. Its death was extremely similar to those of regular monsters, but it didn’t leave behind any enchanted gem.</p>

      <p>At any rate, Sora defeated the Hero Killer in a mere three blows. It was actually dead by the second blow, but the Hero Killer should still be commended for withstanding the first blow using its shield. Sora’s fighting was just that overwhelming.</p>

      <p>“That was amazing...” Rio couldn’t help but mutter.</p>

      <p>“It’s over, Dragon King!” Sora turned around beaming and made a peace sign. Rio returned her smile.</p>

      <p><em>Guess my worries were for nothing.</em></p>

      <p>He shook his head, dismissing the strange feeling he’d felt before the battle as just his imagination.</p>

      <p>After defeating a monster this strong, there was still no burden on the mask he was wearing. It was unlikely for there to be anyone other than them on this floor.</p>

      <p>However, in the path to the eleventh floor, there actually was someone—or rather, something that had been watching their fight. It was the revenant with jet-black skin. It had been rendered speechless by the sight of Sora slaughtering the Hero Killer, but it quickly retreated down to the eleventh floor.</p>

      <p>“Hm?”</p>

      <p>From beside the cave that led to the tenth floor, Rio stared into the cave down to the eleventh floor. The two caves were separated by several hundred meters, but he had felt a strange presence there. However, the revenant was already gone at that point, leaving only the eerie cave gaping back at him.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>The eleventh floor.</p>

      <p>It was said that only a handful of adventurers had ever attempted this floor throughout history, all of whom had either died or turned back immediately. And the reason for that was...</p>

      <p>“MROOOOOOH!”</p>

      <p>The moment Rio and Sora stepped onto the eleventh floor, they were met with a minotaur’s roar. But they couldn’t make light of the opponent they had defeated numerous times already—because there were just too many of them.</p>

      <p><em>How many is that?</em></p>

      <p>Rio scanned the area with a grim look. The structure of the space was very similar to the second floor. The room was several kilometers wide, and there were countless boulders scattered on the ground, creating blind spots. However, all the monsters seemed to have gathered at the entrance of the room, blocking their view of the back of the floor.</p>

      <p>They had heard about what had happened on this floor in the past from the adventurer’s guild, and they could also detect the large number of monsters in advance with their wind spirit arts as they descended. But seeing it was another matter.</p>

      <p>Goblins, orcs, minotaurs. There were even a few revenants among them. It was like a bargain sale of all the monsters Rio had seen in the past.</p>

      <p>It made sense why the adventurers of the past had either turned back or died. There were more than a thousand, two thousand, even three thousand of them. An absolutely astonishing number of monsters lay in wait on the eleventh floor, ready to kill any adventurer that reached them.</p>

      <p>No amount of confidence in one’s abilities mattered. Being able to easily take down a monster in a one-to-one was irrelevant. Any adventurer party would be helplessly outnumbered if they charged straight in. Even if they turned back, the monsters could chase them up to the next floor, so there was no guarantee they would survive.</p>

      <p>The past adventurers who reached the eleventh floor probably turned back as soon as they saw this sight. Experienced adventurers with common sense would all make that decision.</p>

      <p>However, Rio and Sora couldn’t be described with common sense. They were a human who had ascended to a transcendent being and his disciple.</p>

      <p>“How filthy! Don’t come near the Dragon King!”</p>

      <p>Sora took a few steps forward and opened her mouth widely. Heated light converged before her mouth, which she immediately released into the approaching swarm of monsters. The burning light surged forward like the breath of a dragon.</p>

      <p>“MROOOH!”</p>

      <p>Swallowed by the breath of light, a thousand or so of the monsters at the front of the swarm disappeared without resistance. Sora had even held back her power to refrain from damaging the interior of the labyrinth.</p>

      <p>“Dragon King, Sora will reduce their numbers! Wait there just a moment!” Sora said, hurrying to take care of the rest of the monsters.</p>

      <p>“No, I’ll fight here too! Let’s team up to get rid of them together! Can you handle the ones on the right side?” Rio called, drawing the two daggers at his waist.</p>

      <p>“Together with the Dragon King... Okay!” Sora replied energetically, happy they could fight together.</p>

      <p>“Let’s begin!” As soon as Rio said that, he charged into the swarming group of monsters to his left. Countless orbs of magic energy appeared around him.</p>

      <p>“Agh?!” The orbs became a straight beam of light, mowing down the monsters in the direction he was charging. On top of that, Rio wrapped his magic essence around his daggers and created a large energy blade. With a single swing, he took down multiple monsters.</p>

      <p>“A-Amazing as always, Dragon King...!” Sora watched him with rapt attention. “Gasp! R-Right, it isn’t the time for that right now! Sora must be useful to the Dragon King! Here goes!”</p>

      <p>She snapped back to her senses and charged into the monsters with enthusiasm. She swung her dragon arms, which she normally kept out of view, sweeping away every last monster that came into view.</p>

      <p>Thus, the transcendent one and his disciple quietly began their battle in the unknown depths of the labyrinth.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>On the eleventh floor, several hundred meters from the entrance where Rio and Sora were fighting...</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p>A black revenant was gazing at their backs in awe. Every time they made an attack, monsters went flying like rag dolls.</p>

      <p>“What...ridiculous strength...!”</p>

      <p>The number of monsters meant nothing to them. At this rate, the monsters would lose the will to fight far before Rio and Sora did. The black revenant trembled.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>This wasn’t an opponent the revenant could handle. It was only a matter of time before the thousands of monsters were defeated. Panic spread across the revenant’s face.</p>

      <p><em>Aha ha! Well this is something.</em></p>

      <p>Just then, a child’s laughter echoed in the revenant’s head.</p>

      <p><em>F-Forgive my incompetence! The monsters you bestowed me with are...! </em>The black revenant apologized reflexively.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no need for you to feel responsible. There are still plenty of monsters left, and that isn’t an opponent that can be dealt with using monsters anyway. Especially that small child. There’s no mistaking it—she’s a disciple of a transcendent one. A being that surpasses reason.</em></p>

      <p><em>Disciple...?</em></p>

      <p>The black revenant parroted in confusion, unsure of what that word meant.</p>

      <p><em>The other man appears to be a human, but he’s strong too. I wonder why?</em></p>

      <p>The child didn’t bother answering the revenant’s question. They were more concerned with their own questions about what was happening.</p>

      <p><em>Well, whatever. I’ve sealed the path to the twelfth floor. They won’t be able to find it, so you can come back now.</em></p>

      <p>But the child immediately cut off that thought and ordered the revenant to return.</p>

      <p><em>Understood.</em></p>

      <p>The black revenant vanished with a nod.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Thanks to Rio’s participation in the battles, their efforts in exterminating the monsters went by rapidly. Before long, the waves of monsters attacking them came to an end.</p>

      <p>“That was the last of them,” Rio said, joining up with Sora.</p>

      <p>“Sorry to have troubled you, Dragon King.”</p>

      <p>Although she had been excited to fight alongside Rio earlier, Sora apologized with a dejected look.</p>

      <p>“It’s fine, I couldn’t let you fight alone anyway. It’s more fun fighting together,” Rio said brightly to ease Sora’s concerns. He then looked out at the now-quiet floor.</p>

      <p>“Let’s look for the path to the twelfth floor. It’d be a shame to waste this many enchanted gems, so pick up what you can along the way,” he directed Sora.</p>

      <p>Naturally, the floor was covered in enchanted gems. Minotaur gems sold for a high price, and there was enough here to live off for the rest of their lives.</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>Rio and Sora began their search for the never-traversed path to the twelfth floor. It was more efficient to split up and gather enchanted gems as they went, so they divided the floor into two and searched by themselves. However...</p>

      <p><em>That’s strange. There’s no hold to the next floor down.</em></p>

      <p>All the other floors until now had paths leading to the next floor located on the opposite side to the start of the floor, but there was no such path here. Rio tried walking around the room by following the wall, but he still couldn’t find it. As a result, he assumed it’d be on Sora’s half of the room, but...</p>

      <p>“Dragon King. There was no cave connecting to the next floor here.”</p>

      <p>Sora had finished searching her side and came over to report there was no path.</p>

      <p>“I couldn’t find it either.”</p>

      <p>“Is this the last floor of the labyrinth then?” Sora asked, tilting her head curiously.</p>

      <p>“Maybe... But let’s look a little more. I’ll fly around the middle, can you search the perimeter one more time?”</p>

      <p>Thus, Rio and Sora investigated the floor more carefully. But no matter how much they searched, they couldn’t find the path to the twelfth floor...</p>

      <p>Their breakneck progress through the labyrinth came to a screeching halt on the eleventh floor.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, somewhere deep within the labyrinth...</p>

      <p>“They’re still searching. What a pointless effort.”</p>

      <p>A child looked up at the ceiling of the labyrinth and smiled cheerfully. In the corner, a black revenant was kneeled on the ground.</p>

      <p>“But what should I do? It might be fun to invite them to the twelfth floor too. Or maybe I could go and greet them myself?” the child pondered indecisively.</p>

      <p>“Good evening,” another voice echoed. It was the voice of an adult man.</p>

      <p>“Oh, it’s you. Long time no see,” the child replied. But they didn’t seem particularly interested in the man who had appeared, as their eyes were still fixed on the ceiling.</p>

      <p>“I’m in need of a golem, so I came to pick it up... What are you looking at?”</p>

      <p>The man stated his business before questioning the child’s actions.</p>

      <p>The child’s gaze was still fixed on the ceiling as they replied. “There’s someone rather interesting here. No, someone <em>very</em> interesting. How’s the outside world been lately?”</p>

      <p>“It’s rare to hear you express interest in the outside world,” the man said, surprised.</p>

      <p>“Yeah, it just hit me out of the blue. It might even have something to do with why you’re here to pick up a golem... Right, Fenris?”</p>

      <p>The child finally tore their gaze away from the ceiling to grin at the man called Fenris.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Roughly one hour after that, in the Holy City of Tonerico outside the labyrinth, in the palace where Fenris Tonerico resided...</p>

      <p>“Goodness...”</p>

      <p>A man sat down at the desk in the pope’s office and sighed tiredly. The pure-white robes he was dressed in were a clear indication that this person was the pope.</p>

      <p>“Do you have a moment, Your Holiness?”</p>

      <p>“You may enter.”</p>

      <p>With the pope’s permission, a young woman presumably carrying the status of a high priest entered the office.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much for your hard work on the sealing ceremony over these past few months,” she said, bowing her head reverently.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I am very tired. I must return to the sealing ceremony soon, so I would appreciate the time to take a break.”</p>

      <p>“You must not. There are multiple items that came up during your absence which require your attention. Please check them.”</p>

      <p>The woman who shook her head was holding a bundle of documents in her arms.</p>

      <p>“This is why I didn’t want to return... Explain the situation briefly, Priestess Anna.”</p>

      <p>The pope let out another dignified sigh and smiled at the woman named Anna. As the pope and a high-ranking priestess, they were reasonably familiar with each other.</p>

      <p>“Gladly, Your Holiness.”</p>

      <p>Anna nodded with a look of resignation and returned the smile to the master of the Holy City of Tonerico: the pope, Fenris Tonerico. He, for some unfathomable reason, looked identical to Reiss Vulfe, Proxia Empire’s ambassador—the man who had been in the depths of the labyrinth just now.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>