<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 23</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 6: Impatience</h1>

      <p>The day Celia arrived at the Claire family estate, Liselotte reached the Galarc Castle on her enchanted airship to give King Francois and Christina her report on the former’s whereabouts. She was immediately shown to Francois’s office upon her arrival, where she explained the situation right away.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>Francois and Christina were both confused. Second Princess Charlotte, who lived with Celia, was also in the room, but she was merely smiling as though she had heard something extremely amusing.</p>

      <p>A very brief summary of the report was as follows: Duke Arbor tried to capture Celia, and a battle took place at the fort. Regardless of this, Celia fulfilled her duty as an envoy and returned to Amande. Because she feared Duke Arbor would make a move on her family, she immediately turned back and flew towards the Claire territory once more.</p>

      <p>“It is fortunate that she fulfilled her role as an envoy safely, but unexpected events just keep happening one after another. I do not wish to doubt it, but the use of magic or sorcery to fly is...”</p>

      <p>Francois implicitly questioned Celia’s ability to fly. His words were directed to Christina and Charlotte, who were well acquainted with Celia.</p>

      <p>“It’s my first time hearing of it,” Christina said.</p>

      <p>“I wasn’t aware either. If she could do something so interesting, I wish she would have informed me earlier,” Charlotte added. Both shook their heads.</p>

      <p>“It’s the truth. I saw wings of light emerge from Celia’s back with my own eyes. She took Aria and flew into the sky herself. If she can travel in such a way, I’m sure she’ll be able to return safely—as long as nothing happens at her destination, that is. Aria is with her for protection, so I believe they’ll be back within a few days.” Liselotte added her thoughts and theory as a reassurance.</p>

      <p>“In that case...” Francois glanced over at Christina. Celia’s movements were her jurisdiction. It wasn’t the place for him to say anything, so he refrained from any further statements.</p>

      <p>“Thank you for your report, Lady Liselotte. If this is the case, we have no choice but to keep an eye on the situation for a few more days.”</p>

      <p>There was nothing Christina could do right now. Thus, although there were still some concerns, they decided to wait for Celia’s return for the time being.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, on the grounds of the Galarc Castle, everyone except Charlotte was going about their daily lives with no knowledge of what Celia was doing.</p>

      <p>During the day, Satsuki and Masato trained with Gouki and the others at the castle. Everyone else—Miharu, Latifa, Sara, Orphia, Alma, Sayo, Komomo, and Aki—remained in the mansion. They preferred to prepare any essentials by themselves, so they were always processing food ingredients and designing their own clothes. The Ricca Guild would even purchase manufacturing rights to some of the results; right now, they were working on a small vegetable garden behind the mansion.</p>

      <p>“I’m done here, Sayo.”</p>

      <p>“Then help over here next.”</p>

      <p>Sayo and Shin, who had come to the Strahl region with Gouki, were siblings born and raised in a farming village. Under their instruction, Gouki’s other servants were in the middle of preparing suitable soil for growing vegetables.</p>

      <p>“Is this how you plant it?”</p>

      <p>“Yup, that’s fine!”</p>

      <p>“With this, we’ll be able to have tomatoes in this region too. I’m looking forward to having pasta with tomato sauce and omelet rice!”</p>

      <p>“Aha ha, they’re still yet to grow. You have to be patient, Suzune.”</p>

      <p>Aki, Komomo, and Latifa were planting tomato seeds. Komomo’s attendant Aoi was with them.</p>

      <p>Originally, tomatoes didn’t exist in the Strahl region, and the areas that did have them only used them as seasoning for an extra layer of flavor. For those who knew how to use them properly, not having a means of obtaining them was quite the inconvenience.</p>

      <p>There was still a stock of them in the Time-Space Cache, and they could always restock by returning to the spirit village, but when the suggestion to grow them in the Strahl region came up, it was decided they would cultivate them at the mansion. The origin of the seeds was to be explained as something Gouki brought with him. The topic of rice was also brought up, but setting that aside...</p>

      <p>At a farther point away, Sara, Orphia, and Alma were also planting seeds. The voices of the younger girls seemed to reach them, as they were watching the heartwarming scene. Miharu was also beside them.</p>

      <p><em>Just what was that dream...?</em></p>

      <p>She had paused in her work to once again recall the dream she saw last night.</p>

      <p><em>“I think I might hate you.”</em></p>

      <p>Those words had left a deep impression on her. She couldn’t keep them out of her head. Whom had she been talking to? It was her own dream, so it should have been her subconscious—but for some reason, that didn’t feel the case. She didn’t know why someone hated her. Besides...</p>

      <p><em>She said the time to make my choice was fast approaching, right...?</em></p>

      <p>She had no idea what the choice was about, but the words of the woman in her dream continued to bother her. She shouldn’t need to think about the events of a dream so seriously, and yet...</p>

      <p><em>Hmm... Was it a precognitive dream? No, that can’t be...</em></p>

      <p>Miharu smiled wryly at how unrealistic it seemed, when—</p>

      <p>“Miharu?”</p>

      <p>Sara peered into Miharu’s face curiously.</p>

      <p>“Oh, yes? What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing, it just seemed like you were thinking about something. Is there something bothering you?”</p>

      <p>“No, I’m fine. I was just remembering this weird dream I had...” Miharu replied.</p>

      <p>“Aki!”</p>

      <p>A young man’s voice echoed through the garden. Everyone’s attention was drawn to the person who had shouted.</p>

      <p>“Takahisa...”</p>

      <p>It was Aki’s older brother. The other three heroes were training with Gouki, but Takahisa wasn’t participating with them. Lilianna was at the training arena attending to Masato, so he must have come to the mansion alone.</p>

      <p>“Umm...” Aki was in the middle of work, and seemed uncertain about how to deal with Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“You can go, Aki.”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Leave this to Suzune and myself.”</p>

      <p>Latifa and Komomo pushed her back out of consideration.</p>

      <p>“Okay... Thank you both,” Aki said before hurrying over to Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>In the time it took for Aki to run up to him, Takahisa’s attention was clearly focused on Miharu, as he kept glancing her way. That was evident to Sara, Orphia, and Alma as well, who were with Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Let’s get back to work, everyone.” She looked away from Takahisa awkwardly, urging Sara and the girls to resume working.</p>

      <p>“Right...”</p>

      <p>Sara and the spirit folk girls casually positioned themselves around Miharu, blocking Takahisa’s view of her.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>“Ah...”</p>

      <p>When Miharu averted her eyes from him, Takahisa shook, his heart skipping a beat.</p>

      <p><em>Is she avoiding me after all...?</em></p>

      <p>Negative thoughts crossed the back of Takahisa’s mind.</p>

      <p><em>No. No... I don’t want to think about us never returning to normal.</em></p>

      <p>Impatience surged within him.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter?” Aki asked, approaching him.</p>

      <p>“Oh, no... I wanted to see you, but did I come at a bad time?” Since it felt as if Miharu was avoiding him, Takahisa had a dejected look on his face.</p>

      <p>“Huh? No, not at all... I’m happy you came to see me.” Aki was taken aback, but she quickly shook her head and spoke truthfully.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Takahisa looked a little relieved to hear that. “What’s Miharu up to?” he asked directly.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Uh... We’re working on making a vegetable garden together right now. Miharu’s planting the seeds with everyone,” Aki replied somewhat awkwardly. She had sensed there was no chance of Miharu ever falling for Takahisa and no longer wanted them to be together anymore.</p>

      <p>“I see... Can I help too? I’m sure the extra man power would be useful.” Takahisa’s offer was clearly because he wanted an excuse to talk to Miharu. Anyone could see that.</p>

      <p>“We have enough hands right now...” Aki was still fond of her older brother even now, but she wasn’t keen on letting him get close to Miharu anymore, and so she gently rejected his offer with an excuse.</p>

      <p>Unaware of her intentions, Takahisa didn’t back down. “You don’t have to be polite.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t want the nice clothes you’re wearing to get dirty either.”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine, they’re just clothes. I can wear them even if they get dirty, and I can always change out of them.”</p>

      <p>Indeed, clothes could be worn even if they got dirty; it wouldn’t affect their function. But when the hero wore dirty clothes, the opinion of others around them began to matter. The dignity of the Centostella Kingdom was also at stake.</p>

      <p>Besides, it went without saying that clothes weren’t obtained for free. The everyday wear of the hero was all made to order. Its costs were covered by the Centostella Kingdom’s treasury.</p>

      <p>“In that case, you should get changed into clothes that you can get dirty.”</p>

      <p>“I said it’s fine.” Takahisa was unwilling to go through the trouble of returning to his room in the castle just to change.</p>

      <p>“Is it okay to make a hero help with farmwork like this?”</p>

      <p>“If I say it’s fine, then it’s fine. It’s not like I became a hero because I wanted to.” A dark shadow fell over Takahisa’s face. He didn’t seem to think too highly of how strict the position of the heroes was.</p>

      <p>“Takahisa...” Unsure of what to say to her brother, Aki hesitated. That action looked like reluctance in Takahisa’s eyes.</p>

      <p>“Hey, don’t you agree, Aki?” Takahisa begged with a sincere look.</p>

      <p>“Then...will you help me plant seeds?”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. Follow me.”</p>

      <p>Aki glanced at where Miharu was in the garden and started walking while pulling Takahisa’s hand. She first returned to where Latifa and Komomo were.</p>

      <p>“Suzune, Komomo. My brother’s going to help plant seeds, so we’ll work on the next row over.”</p>

      <p>“Sure!”</p>

      <p>“Got it.”</p>

      <p>After informing Latifa and Komomo, Aki decided to plant seeds together with Takahisa. “This way.”</p>

      <p>Aki took a small pouch of seeds and crouched down in the row next to the other girls. Miharu and the spirit folk girls were planting from the opposite end of the field, so they wouldn’t come in contact with each other until the work was nearly done.</p>

      <p>That is, unless Takahisa approached Miharu himself. He stood beside Aki and gazed in her direction without moving. He wanted to speak to Miharu, but he couldn’t speak to her from the position Aki had picked for them.</p>

      <p>“Should I start from the row beside Miharu instead? It’d be more efficient that way,” he suggested. But why would starting from there make things any more efficient?</p>

      <p>“Umm... There’s four people in Miharu’s group, and five with you here, so I don’t think the efficiency would change either way...” Aki said, struggling to express her opposing opinion. There was absolutely no reasoning behind Takahisa’s suggestion. It would make sense if Miharu’s group were moving at a noticeably slow speed, but that wasn’t the case either.</p>

      <p>“I mean, yeah, but...” Takahisa’s gaze lingered on Miharu regretfully.</p>

      <p>“Do you have a moment?” Aki pondered to herself for a moment, then stood up and pulled Takahisa by the hand. She brought him over to the corner of the garden so that Latifa and the others wouldn’t overhear them.</p>

      <p>“You’re still in love with Miharu, aren’t you?” Aki asked bluntly.</p>

      <p>“Oh... Well... It’s not like that...” Takahisa’s eyes darted about nervously as he stammered his answer.</p>

      <p>“I’m pretty sure everyone in the mansion has realized it. Miharu too...”</p>

      <p>“Huh?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s obvious. You’re always looking at Miharu, and you were blatantly looking for an excuse to approach her just now.”</p>

      <p>Aki pressed a hand against her forehead, exasperated at how he had no consideration for what others thought of him, or how Miharu had noticed his feelings.</p>

      <p>“It’s not like I want to talk to her because I love her... I just want to be forgiven, so that we can go back to the way we were before, when we could talk to each other without reservation...” Takahisa admitted honestly. Perhaps it was because he was talking to Aki, one of the few people he could show his weakness to. Just like how he had during the banquet.</p>

      <p>“I understand how you feel, but...”</p>

      <p>Aki wanted to be on her brother’s side, but she already knew that his feelings wouldn’t ever be returned.</p>

      <p>“Our original plan was to come and apologize whether we were forgiven or not, remember?”</p>

      <p>Takahisa nodded reluctantly. “Right... But still...”</p>

      <p>Until they had arrived in Galarc, his only intention was truly just to apologize. He hadn’t expected to be forgiven, but he’d wanted to apologize anyway. That was why he’d been able to bow his head as soon as he arrived in front of Miharu.</p>

      <p>But humans were difficult creatures to satisfy. Every time they made one step of progress towards their goal, they began to aim for the next step beyond that. They began to stretch out their hand in order to grab a better result. It was difficult to lose those desires, for that was part of being human.</p>

      <p>That’s why apologizing alone was no longer enough. Takahisa now wanted to be forgiven by Miharu as well. The longer he stayed in Galarc, the stronger that feeling grew. Before he knew it, that feeling grew into a desire. A wish he was unable to resist...</p>

      <p>“Are you panicking, Takahisa?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not...! No... Of course I would panic. I don’t know how long we’ll be in Galarc for, and I don’t know how long it’ll be until the next time I see Miharu if I let this chance go...”</p>

      <p>“But it might be hard to return to normal and talk to each other comfortably again, you know? That’s how grave our mistake was... We can’t pretend it never happened,” Aki said with a pained look. The past couldn’t be erased. Her words seemed to be the final nail in the coffin.</p>

      <p>“But still...!”</p>

      <p>Even so, he still wanted to pretend it hadn’t happened. Takahisa raised his voice, face twisting with grief. Naturally, the others in the garden noticed his unusual behavior.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter...?”</p>

      <p>Everyone stopped working and watched Aki and Takahisa carefully. Miharu’s fretful gaze was amongst them, as she was worried for Aki.</p>

      <p>“That’s not... That’s not what I wanted to hear from you, Aki! I just... I just... It’s not like I want to confess to Miharu or anything. I just want to...”</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry, but I can tell you’re getting more impatient with each passing day. I can relate to your impatience, but maybe it’d be better to go back to the original plan. Not to ask for forgiveness, but—”</p>

      <p>Aki’s words were spoken out of consideration for her brother. However, Takahisa didn’t have the composure to listen to such words right now. Which was why...</p>

      <p>“You sure have it nice... Since Miharu’s already forgiven you.”</p>

      <p>He made the worst statement possible.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry...”</p>

      <p>Aki apologized with an extremely hurt look. That expression seemed to be the clincher that let Miharu determine something was wrong.</p>

      <p>“Aki?” Miharu called out loudly—a rare volume for her. She hurried over to Aki faster than anyone else in the garden.</p>

      <p>“Oh...”</p>

      <p>Aki and Takahisa both flinched—as though they had both been seen when they least wanted to be seen.</p>

      <p>“What happened, Aki?” Miharu immediately gazed into Aki’s face.</p>

      <p>“Ah, umm...” Aki hesitated, wanting to defend her brother.</p>

      <p>“Takahisa?” Miharu looked at Takahisa in suspicion.</p>

      <p>“N-No, I just...”</p>

      <p>After being so desperate for an excuse to talk to her, Takahisa avoided her criticizing glare as though to flee.</p>

      <p>“What did you say to Aki? You promised not to do anything to make Aki sad when you came to this castle, remember?” Miharu pressed.</p>

      <p>“I-I didn’t do anything...”</p>

      <p>Stop, don’t look at me like that, I haven’t done anything wrong, trust me—was what Takahisa’s pained grimace was saying. Which was when—</p>

      <p>“H-Ha ha. What’s gotten into you, Miharu?” Aki said cheerfully, soothing Miharu.</p>

      <p>“Aki...?” Sensing that Aki was trying to defend her brother, Miharu frowned with uncertainty. The three continued facing each other like that until—</p>

      <p>“We’re back!”</p>

      <p>Satsuki and Masato returned, having finished their training for the day. Gouki and Kayoko, who had been instructing them, were with them.</p>

      <p>“Oh, you guys are back. Hi!” Aki called in an even brighter voice, waving at Satsuki and the others.</p>

      <p>“Oh...?” Satsuki’s attention turned to them. Although Aki was with them, it was rare to see Miharu and Takahisa together.</p>

      <p>“Say, Suzune, Komomo. What’s up with them? Did something happen?”</p>

      <p>Naturally, she noticed something odd was up. She narrowed her eyes at them and approached Latifa and Komomo for more information.</p>

      <p>“Oh, umm... Takahisa came to the mansion just now...”</p>

      <p>“Hmm. I see.”</p>

      <p>Latifa and Komomo exchanged looks before explaining what they’d witnessed. They hadn’t heard everything, so there were gaps in their knowledge.</p>

      <p>“Right. Thank you for telling me.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki was able to piece together what had happened. She thanked the two of them and sighed quietly as she looked back over at the group.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Takahisa!” she called.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? Y-Yeah?” Takahisa’s eyes widened as he responded. He hadn’t expected his name to be called.</p>

      <p>“You came to the mansion by yourself today.”</p>

      <p>“I did... Is that a problem?”</p>

      <p>“Nope... It’s just that Princess Lilianna went back to the castle to get you. Looks like she made her trip for nothing.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki looked in the direction of the castle, where Lilianna was right now.</p>

      <p>“I see. I thought it’d be okay if I came by myself for once...”</p>

      <p>In fact, if looked at in another way, visiting the mansion alone was proof of how panicked he was. Takahisa averted his gaze out of guilt.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... Well, now that you’re here, how about you stay for dinner tonight?”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Can I?” A mix of happiness and surprise filled Takahisa’s eyes.</p>

      <p>He had visited the mansion for multiple days in a row now, but he had always returned to the castle to have dinner in his room alone. The only time they invited him to dinner was when they had some kind of event going on, so this invitation on a regular day was a sign he had gained their trust. That being said...</p>

      <p>“Yup. There are a few others coming, and there’s something I wanted to discuss too.”</p>

      <p>“Something to discuss?” Takahisa stiffened.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’ll let Princess Lilianna know myself. Set some time free, okay? Oh, and Miharu, do you have a moment?”</p>

      <p>“Yes...?”</p>

      <p>Without saying what it was she wanted to discuss, Satsuki called Miharu away, leaving Aki and Takahisa behind.</p>

      <p>After their earlier argument, an awkward air flowed between them. Takahisa had the strong fear that Miharu’s impression of him had worsened again.</p>

      <p>“Sorry, Aki...” Exactly what he was apologizing for was unclear, but he apologized.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay... I’m sorry as well,” Aki said with a commendable, heartbreaking smile. She was looking out for her brother, mustering the brightest voice she could manage to talk to him.</p>

      <p>“I really feel bad about everything. I swore I’d never do anything like that again. That’s why I just want her to trust me...”</p>

      <p>“I know. I know how you feel, because I’m the same. But that’s why I don’t want you to lose sight of yourself. You still have me, brother...” Aki pleaded to Takahisa sincerely.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Takahisa neither confirmed nor denied her, falling silent with a grimace.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, dinner was to be held with Christina, Flora, and Liselotte, who had come to the castle to give her report on what had happened to Celia.</p>

      <p>“Liselotte!”</p>

      <p>As soon as Latifa spotted Liselotte in the mansion entrance, she ran up to her excitedly. She adored Liselotte like a sister, but Liselotte wasn’t someone she could see whenever she wanted.</p>

      <p>“Good evening, Suzune.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte also treated Latifa like a little sister, patting her head gently. That prompted Latifa to throw herself at her for a hug.</p>

      <p>“Were you at the castle? Welcome!”</p>

      <p>“Yup, I had a small errand to run here. Princess Charlotte invited me to the mansion, so I’m here to disturb you for dinner. Hope you don’t mind.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all! You’re always welcome here, Liselotte. If only you could live with us all the time... Oh, how come Aria isn’t here today?”</p>

      <p>Liselotte was normally accompanied by Aria, but Latifa couldn’t see her around today, which she found strange.</p>

      <p>“Yeah... She’s a little busy right now. She’ll be coming to the capital in the next few days, though,” Liselotte replied. Charlotte had told her to keep Celia’s return a secret, so her expression was slightly downcast. However...</p>

      <p>“I see. Does that mean you’ll be staying in the capital for a few days too?”</p>

      <p>“Yup, I’ll be here.”</p>

      <p>“Yay! Then you should stay in the mansion. Let’s talk a lot!”</p>

      <p>“I’d love to.”</p>

      <p>Seeing Latifa’s innocent joy made Liselotte act cheerfully, not wanting to cause her any unnecessary worry.</p>

      <p>“Come this way. Let’s sit together!”</p>

      <p>Latifa took Liselotte’s hand and led her to the dining room.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>