<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 23</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: Criminal</h1>

      <p>Back in the kingdom of Galarc, in the royal capital of Galtuuk, the sun was just about to set. In a dark alleyway off to the side of the slums and red-light district...</p>

      <p><em>Drip, drip.</em></p>

      <p>The sound of a dripping liquid echoed.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Ah...”</p>

      <p>Sendo Takahisa gripped his Divine Arms in his hand as he trembled.</p>

      <p>“You...”</p>

      <p>A sinister-looking thug was glaring at Takahisa.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Right beside Takahisa and the thug was a young girl dressed in old rags. She stared at them in vacant shock from where she had fallen on the ground. The dripping sound continued incessantly. A red puddle spread across the ground of the alley—a puddle of blood.</p>

      <p>“Ah... Ah... Ah...”</p>

      <p>Takahisa looked between his hand, the red puddle of blood, and his sword that was stuck in the thug’s chest. He looked multiple times, over and over again, thinking of a way to recover from this situation. However, his Divine Arms was mercilessly thrust through the heart.</p>

      <p>“Th-This isn’t good...”</p>

      <p>Indeed, it wasn’t.</p>

      <p>It was illegal.</p>

      <p>If he killed a person...</p>

      <p>Murder...</p>

      <p>It was absolutely illegal.</p>

      <p>“U-Urk...”</p>

      <p>A large amount of blood spilled from the thug’s mouth.</p>

      <p>“Eek...!” Takahisa let out a scream.</p>

      <p>At the same time, he panicked and his body drew backwards. His sword was pulled from the thug’s heart, causing blood to flood out.</p>

      <p>“Gah...”</p>

      <p>The thug fell to the ground heavily, turning into a lifeless corpse.</p>

      <p>It was too late.</p>

      <p>Everything was too late.</p>

      <p>There was no going back anymore.</p>

      <p>On this day...</p>

      <p>“Ah... Aaah...”</p>

      <p>Sendo Takahisa became a murderer.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>