<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 23</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="interlude2">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Interlude: Miharu’s Dream</h1>

      <p>Before she knew it, Ayase Miharu was standing alone in a white space.</p>

      <p>She knew this feeling. She knew this scenery. It was something she had experienced just recently. Was this what they called a lucid dream?</p>

      <p>Miharu knew she was dreaming. She didn’t know the reason why, but she instinctively knew that this wasn’t reality. But at the same time, another thought crossed her mind.</p>

      <p>“Is this...really my dream?” she wondered to herself, when a woman’s voice called out to her.</p>

      <p>“Hello. Or should I say ‘good evening’?”</p>

      <p>She couldn’t see anyone, but the voice was oddly familiar.</p>

      <p>“Is it you again...?” Miharu asked. She was sure that this voice was the same as the voice that had called out to her in her last dream.</p>

      <p>“Yes, it’s me again. You remembered,” the woman confirmed easily.</p>

      <p>“Who are you...?” Miharu wondered.</p>

      <p>“If this is your dream, I may be your unconscious mind.”</p>

      <p>“My...”</p>

      <p>“The only thing that’s certain is that your real self is asleep, I suppose? Yup, it seems like the settling process has progressed more than last time. That’s a good sign.”</p>

      <p>“Settling process?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing to worry about,” she answered. It seemed that the voice had no intention of answering any of Miharu’s questions directly.</p>

      <p>“Do you remember anything from last time?” the woman asked Miharu.</p>

      <p>“You said something about how I’d have to make an important choice one day.”</p>

      <p>“Good girl. That’s right, a very important choice is approaching you. I also said this: I recommend you choose the option you think is definitely wrong.”</p>

      <p>“Umm, what kind of decision will it be?” Miharu questioned. Without knowing what kind of choice it would be, there was no way for her to make a decision.</p>

      <p>“I’m doing things in such a roundabout way <em>because</em> I can’t tell you, silly.” The woman sighed.</p>

      <p>“But even if you say that...”</p>

      <p>“Then here’s a hint for you, since you’re so slow on the uptake. First, the time to make the choice is fast approaching. Second, the future will diverge depending on your choice. Third... I can’t tell you after all. This is all the information I can give you for now.”</p>

      <p>Did something happen?</p>

      <p>When the woman was about to say the third hint, it felt like the voice trembled.</p>

      <p>“H-Huh? That’s basically nothing you haven’t said already...”</p>

      <p>“I said I can’t, so I can’t. Accept it as it is.”</p>

      <p>“That’s so...”</p>

      <p>Unreasonable, was what Miharu was about to say, when—</p>

      <p>“What’s unreasonable is this world.”</p>

      <p>The owner of the voice spoke over her, anticipating her words. There was a tired sigh mixed into her tone.</p>

      <p>“...” Miharu blinked, speechless.</p>

      <p>“It is what it is. There isn’t much time left, but there’s one more thing I wanted to tell you.”</p>

      <p>“What is it...?”</p>

      <p>For some reason, the woman sounded a little irritated. Unsure of the reason why, Miharu questioned her nervously.</p>

      <p>“I think I might hate you.”</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>Just as when she was wondering whether she had misheard her, Miharu’s consciousness cut off.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>