<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 23</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="prologue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Prologue</h1>

      <p>Early morning in the Galarc Castle, in the kitchen of the mansion where Satsuki and the others resided...</p>

      <p>Ayase Miharu paused in the middle of making breakfast and stared vacantly into space. She was distracted by the thought that had suddenly crossed her mind:</p>

      <p><em>What was that dream...?</em></p>

      <p>The dream she’d had last night had taken place in an unusual white space. Someone had spoken to her in that space.</p>

      <p>“You will have to make a decision at some point,” the female voice had said. “An extremely vital decision.”</p>

      <p>It was just a dream. At the end of the day, it wasn’t real. Miharu understood that there was no point in thinking too hard about what happened in a dream, but...</p>

      <p>“I highly recommend you choose the wrong choice.”</p>

      <p>Even though it was a dream, it was oddly vivid in her memories; it had left a strangely strong impression on her.</p>

      <p><em>Whose voice was that...?</em></p>

      <p>Perhaps that was why Miharu found herself thinking about the voice without realizing it. And when she thought back on it now...</p>

      <p><em>I think I’ve heard that voice somewhere before...</em></p>

      <p>That was the feeling she got from the dream. She shouldn’t have known who it was, but there was something oddly familiar about their voice. It was a feeling she couldn’t quite put into words.</p>

      <p>Just then, Aki called out to her, bringing her back to the present. “Miharu.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm? Good morning, Aki.” Miharu smiled affectionately at Aki, whom she considered her little sister. Just the other day, the two had still lived in separate nations, but now they were living together.</p>

      <p>“Good morning...” Aki said, returning her smile happily. Being able to exchange morning greetings like this was proof of how they had returned to their peaceful days together.</p>

      <p>“Come over here.” Miharu beamed gently at Aki and spread her arms for a hug.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Embarrassing...”</p>

      <p>Despite her complaints, Aki hesitantly approached Miharu and yielded herself to Miharu’s warmth. Miharu patted her on the back like she was soothing a baby.</p>

      <p><em>A choice, huh...</em></p>

      <p>The words in her dream resurfaced in her mind. If she had to make a vital decision in the near future, it would probably involve Aki. Miharu never wanted to see Aki sad again. “I have to pull myself together...” Miharu mumbled to herself with determination.</p>

      <p>“Huh?” Aki looked up at Miharu questioningly.</p>

      <p>“It’s nothing.” Miharu tightened her arms around Aki lovingly.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>