<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: Life in the Galarc Kingdom</h1>

      <p>Meanwhile, in the mansion Rio was given by King Francois as Haruto Amakawa, honorary knight...</p>

      <p>Ten days had passed since Rio started living with the members of the stone house. It was past noon, and Charlotte was once again visiting the estate. Satsuki, Liselotte, Christina, and Flora accompanied her.</p>

      <p>Charlotte wet her throat with the tea that was served, then addressed Rio and Celia seated across from her sofa. “I am here today to give you two a job request.”</p>

      <p>“Us?” Rio and Celia exchanged a look before answering together.</p>

      <p>“Yes. It’s an official request from the kingdom, so you’ll naturally be compensated for it. The terms of work can be limited to while you’re in the capital. If you could give it your consideration with these details in mind, I would appreciate it,” Charlotte said, prefacing her explanation with emphasis that the job was voluntary.</p>

      <p>“What kind of job is it...?”</p>

      <p>“I’d like the two of you to become temporary instructors. I’m hoping for Lady Celia to hold a special class on sorcery at the Galarc Royal Academy, while Sir Haruto teaches close combat to a class prepared by us.”</p>

      <p>“I understand Celia with her lecturer experience from the Beltrum Royal Academy, but I’ve never taught a class before.”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee, that is a needless fear. I’m positive teaching won’t be a problem for someone of your abilities.” Rio was unsure of himself, but Charlotte gave her approval with full confidence.</p>

      <p>“It’s a great honor to hear that, but I am unfamiliar with the sword styles and martial arts of the Galarc Kingdom.”</p>

      <p>“That isn’t a problem either. What I’m requesting isn’t for you to teach technical basics to beginners, but to give more practical instruction to people with combat experience. There’ll be people specializing in various weapons and styles of fighting.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” Rio muttered in thought.</p>

      <p>He had previously taught Masato, who was completely new to combat, as well as the warriors of the spirit folk village, who had no experience in hand-to-hand combat due to their lack of infighting. But teaching the career soldiers of Galarc and the Restoration who already possessed all the required knowledge would be a different matter. Of course, there’d probably be people of nobility among them, so he wasn’t sure how much he’d be able to teach them.</p>

      <p>“I know you have a strong sense of responsibility, so I understand if you won’t agree without careful consideration. But you don’t have to think so hard about it—you can treat it like a mock battle or a light sparring match. The reason why this job came up this time is because many have expressed a desire to spar with the Honorary Knight Sir Haruto.”</p>

      <p>“While I wouldn’t refuse a light sparring match...do you know roughly how many people will be in attendance at this class?”</p>

      <p>“I’m thinking of limiting it to a maximum of twenty people at first. I imagine whoever is free at the time will be in attendance, but I will take responsibility for the selection of attendees, so you don’t need to worry in that regard.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte grinned boldly, as though to say she wouldn’t allow anyone to pull anything funny. As one would expect, she had considered all the points Rio could possibly find concerning. Rio was impressed by her prudence, and his expression softened in amusement.</p>

      <p>“It may be better to reduce that number if I’m to face everyone myself, but if the attendees don’t mind sparring with each other, then that works too.”</p>

      <p>“Whether it’s one-on-one, or an all-out brawl, I’ll leave it to you to decide based on the number of attendees at the class at the time.”</p>

      <p>“I see. In that case...”</p>

      <p><em>It may be possible to maintain a proper lecture format that way. Whether the attendees will be satisfied with that is a different matter, though...</em></p>

      <p>“For now, the attendees of the first class are pretty much decided already, so how about you give it a try? You can decide if you want to continue with future classes after that,” Charlotte suggested.</p>

      <p>Apparently, she had arranged everything regarding the first class in preparation for Rio’s agreement. Since she had gone through so much trouble before approaching with the request, Rio found it hard to refuse. Or rather, he found himself wanting to repay her for her consideration.</p>

      <p>“I understand... I’ll give it a try,” Rio said, accepting the request.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. I believed you would say that, Sir Haruto. In that case, the first class will be held—I’m so pleased. I can’t wait to see your gallant figure again,” Charlotte smiled in delight. Charlotte replied gleefully, smiling in delight.</p>

      <p>“You’re in high spirits, Char.”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee. You said it’d be interesting yourself, Lady Satsuki.”</p>

      <p>Satsuki had been sitting in silence as they talked but joined the conversation with a giggle. Charlotte had also given her reply in a cheery mood.</p>

      <p>“Incidentally, who’ll be attending the first class?” Rio asked, looking at Satsuki.</p>

      <p>“First, Lady Satsuki will be there. Attending from Galarc will be several of my knights and Liselotte’s attendants. Some of Princess Christina and Princess Flora’s female knights will also be attending from the Restoration side,” Charlotte answered with a look at Christina and Liselotte.</p>

      <p>“Princess Charlotte approached us with the offer. The Restoration will attend through Vanessa and some of her subordinates. They may cause you trouble, but please guide them well, Sir Amakawa,” Christina said with a nod.</p>

      <p>“A few of my attendants who accompanied me to the capital will also be in attendance. Please teach them as well,” Liselotte continued with a bow.</p>

      <p>“Which means there’ll be some familiar faces...” Rio was a little bothered by how they were all women. “I understand. I don’t know how well I’ll be able to teach them, but I’ll do my best,” he replied, straightening himself and nodding.</p>

      <p>“As long as it’s okay with you, I’d like the first class to be held in a few days. Would that suit your circumstances? I’m thinking of holding it in the morning, after breakfast and before the afternoon...”</p>

      <p>“I’ll be free as early as tomorrow at that time.”</p>

      <p>“Really? Then let’s hold it tomorrow! If the others in your mansion would like to watch or participate, we can hold it in the square in the rear garden. I’ll drop by around nine o’clock in the morning.” Charlotte looked around at Latifa and everyone present.</p>

      <p>“Yes! I’d love to go and watch!” Latifa raised her hand energetically.</p>

      <p>“If Haruto’s teaching, I’d like to attend as a student.”</p>

      <p>“I’m also interested.”</p>

      <p>Sara raised her hand shyly, followed closely by Alma.</p>

      <p>“The two of you are most welcome to join. That is fine, right?” Charlotte agreed readily, checking with Rio for confirmation.</p>

      <p>“Yes, of course. In that case, you can take the class for most of the time, but could you act as my assistants when I need help?”</p>

      <p>“Sure!” Sara agreed.</p>

      <p>“Leave it to us,” Alma added.</p>

      <p>“Aishia, you too.”</p>

      <p>“Yup.” Aishia nodded without hesitation.</p>

      <p>“That settles the matter of Sir Haruto’s special instruction. Lady Celia, what will you do about yours?” Charlotte summarized in satisfaction, then turned to Celia.</p>

      <p>“There are a few things I’d like to confirm, but the fact that Princess Christina is here means you’ve cleared this with her, right?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Or rather, you’ve been temporarily transferred to Sir Amakawa right now, so the decision is up to you two,” Christina answered.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. What kind of subjects are you expecting me to cover?” Celia asked Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“Any subject is fine, but your students will range from upper elementary- to middle school-aged. Each class can be a complete course, or you can take several classes to cover a topic if you prefer. We can discuss that after taking into consideration the duration of Sir Haruto’s stay in Galarc.”</p>

      <p>“I plan on staying for another month. If Celia agrees to teaching, please plan around that schedule,” Rio explained.</p>

      <p>“If you could proceed with the arrangement of the classes, I’ll start thinking about my lesson plans.”</p>

      <p>Thus, Celia decided to hold her special lectures as well.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>The next morning, in order to take Rio’s close combat class, people who crossed organization borders gathered on the mansion grounds.</p>

      <p>Galarc Kingdom’s Second Princess Charlotte walked in the lead, guiding them. She was accompanied by her attendants and female knights behind her. Walking beside her were the Restoration’s Christina and Flora. They were similarly followed by their attendants and knights, including Vanessa. A little farther behind the princesses was Liselotte, daughter of Galarc’s Duke Cretia. She was accompanied by her attendants who also acted as her guards—Aria, Cosette, and Natalie.</p>

      <p>In front of the gate were two female knights from Galarc. Rio had no retainers, and the hero and princess of the kingdom often visited his mansion, so the area was guarded by the castle’s knights.</p>

      <p>Incidentally, since the mansion Rio was given was on the castle grounds, space was limited. Therefore, the mansion was located a stone’s throw away from the front gate. Instead, the rear garden had a bigger private space away from the public eye, and there was more than enough room to hold a sparring match with weapons.</p>

      <p>In preparation for the arrival of the guests, a gazebo was set up in the garden towards the front gate for Rio and the others to relax in. (Satsuki had stayed over the night before, so she was at the mansion already.)</p>

      <p>“Welcome, everyone.”</p>

      <p>“Good morning, Sir Haruto. We’ve arrived as promised.”</p>

      <p>“I’ve been waiting.”</p>

      <p>Rio approached the group and placed his right hand over his chest, welcoming them.</p>

      <p>“Let’s get straight to the point. If the preparations are complete, please begin teaching.”</p>

      <p>Since they were limited on time, they got straight to business upon arrival.</p>

      <p>“I understand. Please, follow me.”</p>

      <p>Rio led the party to the rear garden. There was an even larger gazebo in the back, which he stopped by first. Wooden weapons for the mock battles had been brought over the day before and were lined in front of the gazebo.</p>

      <p>“Anyone who wishes to observe, please head under the gazebo. Those participating in the class, please select your best weapon out of those available and come this way.”</p>

      <p>Rio then picked up the wooden sword leaning beside him and walked a short distance away. Aishia and Satsuki picked up wooden spears and went after him, followed by Sara, who picked up two wooden daggers, and Alma, who chose a wooden mace.</p>

      <p>Then, the rest of the participants, which included Vanessa, Aria, Cosette, Natalie, and the others, each selected their own weapon and followed them.</p>

      <p>“Everyone else, please come this way.”</p>

      <p>At Celia’s prompting, Charlotte and the others made their way under the gazebo. There was a table and chairs set up underneath where everyone other than the attendants sat down to watch Rio’s class.</p>

      <p>In the meantime, the participants had already distanced themselves sufficiently from the gazebo.</p>

      <p>“Around here should do.” Rio, who had been walking in the lead, came to a stop and turned around to face the knights and attendants. Aishia, Sara, and Alma stood beside him.</p>

      <p>“It’s okay for me to be on this side, right?” Satsuki checked with Rio before lining up among Aria and the others.</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p><em>The participants are Satsuki, five knights from Galarc, five knights from the Restoration, and three of Liselotte’s attendants. Then there’s Aishia, Sara, and Alma. A total of seventeen people. And they’re really all women...</em></p>

      <p>After looking around at everyone, Rio felt a little awkward. Being the only man in a group of women was rather wearing on the mind. The observers under the gazebo were also women, so he felt like he had walked into an all-girls school alone.</p>

      <p>However, Rio guessed Charlotte had actually limited her selection of participants to women for his sake... Or rather, for the sake of Latifa and the others who were living in the mansion. After telling her they weren’t used to being around nobility, she probably assumed they’d be more comfortable around members of the same sex and acted out of consideration. The people here were also somewhat familiar faces that could usually be seen protecting Charlotte and Christina. That being said...</p>

      <p>“My name is Haruto Amakawa. I am honored to be able to instruct you all in close combat at the request of Princess Charlotte.”</p>

      <p>There were many he hadn’t spoken to before, so Rio gave a self-introduction. At that, the participants all drew their gazes to him. Some looked at him with curiosity, some looked at him with admiration, and some looked at him in evaluation.</p>

      <p>“These three are my friends: Aishia, Sara, and Alma. They’ll be participating in the class as my assistants. We spar with each other on a regular basis, so I can guarantee that the three of them are good opponents. The hero, Lady Satsuki, will also be participating along with everyone.”</p>

      <p>At Rio’s introduction, Sara and Alma bowed their heads first.</p>

      <p>“I’m Satsuki. I’d appreciate it if you interacted with me without all the stiff hero formalities. Nice to meet you,” Satsuki said. However, the position of those present wouldn’t allow them to accept her words so naively, and they all responded with a respectful bow of their heads.</p>

      <p><em>I guess I’ll have to work on the rest over the course of the sparring matches, </em>Satsuki thought with a strained smile when she saw them react in such a way.</p>

      <p>“The purpose of this class is to teach close combat, so I’m thinking of focusing the class on mock battles. To be honest, I don’t have much confidence in my abilities to instruct everyone. But since I’ve agreed to do this already, I will take responsibility and do my best. Now... Our time is limited, so let’s begin.”</p>

      <p>Rio declared the start of the lesson. He had thought of the lesson plan yesterday, but he lacked teaching experience. He had no choice but to figure things out as he went along. Now that he felt aware of that all over again, his expression stiffened with slight nervousness.</p>

      <p>“I’d like to begin by measuring everyone’s abilities, so I’m going to face each of you one by one. The match will be suspended as soon as I measure your strength, but can also end with an effective blow. So please come at me with the intention of hitting me. Magic and sorcery is allowed in the form of physical ability enhancement. The only necessity is a sign signaling the start, so will you be willing to act as umpire, Sara?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Leave it to me.” Sara stepped forward at Rio’s request. Hearing they would start with sparring made the participants all pull themselves together. They were probably drawn to the opportunity to spar with Rio, who had many military achievements under his belt. They wanted to measure his abilities just as much as—if not more than—he wanted to know theirs.</p>

      <p>“Then, my first opponent will be...”</p>

      <p>Rio looked around at the participants.</p>

      <p>“Please allow me.” One of the knights from the Galarc Kingdom immediately raised her hand. Everyone’s attention gathered on her.</p>

      <p>“You’re...”</p>

      <p>She seemed to be in her early twenties. She normally accompanied Charlotte around the place and left an impression on Rio for occasionally sending him scrutinizing looks.</p>

      <p>“I’m Louise Sharon, knight of the Galarc Kingdom and captain of Princess Charlotte’s personal guards.”</p>

      <p>“Then, first will be Dame Sharon. It’s nice to meet you...not for the first time, but I believe this is our first proper greeting. Let’s have a good match.”</p>

      <p>“Agreed,” Louise replied to Rio with a light bow.</p>

      <p>“This way, please.” Rio led her a short distance away from the rest of the group. Louise gazed at his back while following him—</p>

      <p><em>Say, Louise. I want you to face Sir Haruto before anyone else tomorrow. If you lose to him as the captain, your entire squad will have to accept him, right?</em></p>

      <p>—And recalled the words Charlotte had said to her yesterday. Her words didn’t hold an ounce of doubt for Haruto’s victory, but it didn’t hurt her pride as a soldier. As a knight, Louise Sharon considered her master’s words to be absolute. Whatever Charlotte said, went.</p>

      <p>However, she did have thoughts about Haruto.</p>

      <p><em>Sir Haruto Amakawa. The person Princess Charlotte loves...</em></p>

      <p>Louise worshipped Charlotte. She was dotingly fond of her. She had been assigned to protect Charlotte since she was young, watching over her growth until now. She had kept her feelings secret to avoid disrespect, but there was no way she didn’t find her adorable. One could say she was in love with Charlotte—that was how much she felt for her. Yet when it came to Charlotte—</p>

      <p><em>Say, Louise. When do you think Sir Haruto will return?</em></p>

      <p><em>Say, Louise. Sir Haruto is really amazing.</em></p>

      <p><em>Say, Louise. Sir Haruto mentioned this today...</em></p>

      <p>With the face of an infatuated maiden, she only spoke of a single man to Louise every day. It was as though the one she loved had fallen in love with someone else—there was no way she felt indifferent to that.</p>

      <p>Furthermore, Louise’s ardor had spread to her subordinates—all the knights protecting Charlotte had conflicted feelings about Rio.</p>

      <p>Thus, Louise stared at Rio as though to say, “Can you really make Princess Charlotte happy? I won’t forgive you if you lay your hands on other women. Or rather, I won’t forgive you if you lay your hands on our adorable Princess Charlotte. Understood?” Her subordinates watched on from afar similarly.</p>

      <p><em>Heh, things are about to get interesting. </em>Charlotte saw through what her guards were thinking and smiled in delight as she watched things unfold.</p>

      <p><em>She’s got a fierce look in her eyes... </em>Rio had no idea what the knights were thinking but felt a little awkward when facing Louise’s gaze.</p>

      <p>“<em>Augendae Corporis</em>. Please enhance yourself too, Dame Sharon.” He pulled himself together and recited the spell, activating the magic artifact he wore on his arm to enhance his physical abilities. A spell circle appeared, covering Rio’s body in light. Using spirit arts would put him at a physical advantage, so he didn’t just pretend to activate it before canceling it. He would fight on the same conditions.</p>

      <p>“Okay. <em>Augendae Corporis</em>.”</p>

      <p>Louise didn’t rely on an artifact like Rio and enhanced herself with magic.</p>

      <p>“The rules are as I explained earlier. Feel free to use your weapon and fists to land one hit on me.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. I don’t plan on holding back,” she said without hostility, but she stared at Rio sharply as she nodded.</p>

      <p>“Good. Please don’t.”</p>

      <p>“...” Rio replied with a refreshing smile. That seemed to catch Louise by surprise, as she frowned a bit upon seeing it.</p>

      <p>He didn’t stop to think about the faint change in Louise’s expression and addressed Sara instead. “Shall we begin, then? Sara. If you could give the signal to start.”</p>

      <p>“Okay. Begin when I count down from five. Are you ready?” Sara checked.</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“At any time.”</p>

      <p>The two of them nodded.</p>

      <p>“Five, four, three, two, one. Begin!”</p>

      <p>Louise silently burst into a run as soon as the signal was given, approaching Rio. The distance between them had been five meters to start, but the gap was closed in an instant. She proceeded to swing her wooden sword in an efficient move, slashing at him. However, Rio had perfectly seen through her trajectory and stepped forward to parry Louise’s sword before she could build up enough momentum. Louise had also shifted her center of gravity in order to step forward, so she was knocked off balance as soon as her sword was deflected, killing her momentum completely.</p>

      <p>It was a perfectly timed parry. If it were one moment later, Louise would have enough weight leaning forward to prevent herself from being knocked back.</p>

      <p><em>Guh... This is bad. He’s going to counterattack</em>.</p>

      <p>Louise broke out in a cold sweat, sensing her defeat early on in the match. However, Rio didn’t step forward—on the contrary, he stepped back and adjusted his hold on his wooden sword.</p>

      <p>“Why didn’t you pursue me with a follow-up attack just now...?” Louise asked dubiously.</p>

      <p>It was only for a brief moment, but she had been defenseless in the time it took her to regain balance. She knew Rio wasn’t the kind of opponent who would let such an opening slip by based on his parry just now, which was why she found it questionable.</p>

      <p>“This is a sparring match for me to learn your abilities, not to become victorious.”</p>

      <p>“Honestly, I felt quite a gap in ability just from that first blow... Though I charged at you with a test strike, my level of skill was shameful,” Louise said with a vexed look. It was precisely because she was an experienced fighter that she could feel the differences in their skill all the more keenly.</p>

      <p>“That’s not true. It was a polished move with no movements put to waste. Although that just made the movement easier to predict... And if I had swung any later, I would have missed the timing to make a counterattack,” Rio said matter-of-factly.</p>

      <p><em>If his timing had been off by an instant, he would have lost the chance to counter. It’s hard to believe he saw through the timing and swung his sword while aiming for it... But no matter how I look at it, he aimed for that moment. Just what kind of combat sense does he have? It’s beyond what I imagined.</em></p>

      <p>She had been swinging with her body physically enhanced, so the correct timing would’ve been shorter than a second. With that analysis, Louise fell speechless.</p>

      <p>“If there’s nothing else, let’s resume the match. Feel free to come at me whenever.”</p>

      <p>“Fine...”</p>

      <p>Louise nodded awkwardly, taking a deep breath to focus on the battle again.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Rio sparred with the participants one after another. He had already finished matches against eleven of them, and he was yet to let anyone land a hit on him. Roughly half an hour later, he was sparring with Liselotte’s attendant, Natalie, as his twelfth opponent.</p>

      <p><em>He’s fought against ten knights of Galarc and the Restoration in successive matches, yet he hasn’t lost a single one. Duke Cretia’s attendants are as skilled as the rumors said too...</em></p>

      <p>Smiling, Louise had a look of half amazement and half shock as she intently observed Rio winning match after match. The other knights were also watching the battles quietly with serious expressions. Everyone present had diligently trained themselves as soldiers, so they were all vexed that they were no match for him and watched for any moves they could learn from him.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Cosette and Aria were standing side by side to watch their colleague fight.</p>

      <p>“Natalie’s dancing in the palm of his hand.”</p>

      <p>“Just like you were moments ago, you mean,” Aria pointed out.</p>

      <p>Indeed, in Cosette’s match with Rio, she had exerted all her stamina helplessly until the match ended without her ever making a comeback.</p>

      <p>“Well, yeah. Still, I knew he was strong, but I didn’t think he’d be this strong without his enchanted sword... The name he’s made for himself is the real deal. His skills were beyond what I imagined when I fought him too. He’s wonderful, honestly.”</p>

      <p>Cosette wasn’t particularly bothered by how helpless she had been—in fact, she gazed at Rio dreamily as she spoke. Aria watched her colleague with a tired sigh.</p>

      <p>“Of course he is. It’d be impossible to defeat the King’s Sword with just an enchanted sword if you didn’t have the sword skills to back it up. Talent and effort—you can only reach his level at such a young age when you’re blessed with both these factors.”</p>

      <p>“A hardworking genius, huh? Does that mean a genius like you would be able to land a hit on him?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not a genius, but there’s also no telling until we actually cross swords.” Aria frowned slightly, not particularly fond of being called a genius.</p>

      <p>“It’ll be your turn next. The strongest, demon-like head attendant versus Sir Haruto. I’m looking forward to seeing who can best whom. Look, the match is almost over,” Cosette said as she watched on.</p>

      <p>Natalie was closing in on Rio resolutely, dual wooden daggers wielded in her hands. Rio was holding back his counterattacks to observe her movements better, so the attacks were being dealt one-sidedly from Natalie’s side.</p>

      <p>However, Rio continuously evaded her attacks with minimal movement, making him less out of breath than her despite being the one fighting one opponent after another. It was only a matter of time until their match would conclude.</p>

      <p>“She’s getting worked up by the lack of opportunities to attack. She’s always hated losing.”</p>

      <p>A regular bystander wouldn’t be able to tell Natalie was getting frustrated, as she was still swinging her dagger with a serious expression. But being that she was her colleague, Cosette could see through her.</p>

      <p>“Let’s stop here.”</p>

      <p>Rio lowered his sword, calling for the end of the match.</p>

      <p>Natalie looked like she wanted to fight more, but her obedient personality made her lower her daggers without protest. She nodded after a pause. “All right.”</p>

      <p>“I’m sure there’ll be more chances to spar in the future, so until then.” Rio seemed to sense some kind of emotion from Natalie’s expression, making him smile.</p>

      <p>“R-Right.” Natalie nodded in embarrassment, noting the fact that she’d been seen through.</p>

      <p>“Aria is last, then. Please come forward,” Rio shouted, calling Aria over from a fair distance away.</p>

      <p>Shortly after, Aria took Natalie’s place in front of Rio, and they stood five meters apart from one another.</p>

      <p>“Let’s have a good match.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, let’s indeed.” Rio returned the polite bow Aria sent his way.</p>

      <p>“Once you’re ready, we’ll begin at the count of five. Please enhance your physical abilities with magic or sorcery.”</p>

      <p>“I’m ready whenever. <em>Augendae Corporis</em>.”</p>

      <p>“I’m ready too. <em>Augendae Corporis</em>.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll start the countdown then. Five, four, three, two, one. Begin!”</p>

      <p>At Sara’s signal, the match began.</p>

      <p>Aria immediately ran at Rio. The moment she did, she swung her wooden sword at him, catching him at just the right timing. Even an experienced warrior would have found such a movement difficult to react to, much less an amateur, but Rio deflected the attack with a swing of his blade. But blocking just the first attack wasn’t enough to stop Aria’s movements; with a swift and graceful arm, she swung her sword in another attempt to hit Rio. That movement even made Sara’s eyes widen in awe.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>