<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter3_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Th-That doesn’t count! It doesn’t count as a kiss! That was on the fingers. The fingers!” Latifa immediately protested.</p>

      <p>“Then I wish to kiss him on the lips next.” Charlotte’s heated gaze was fixed on Rio’s mouth.</p>

      <p>“Onii-chan!” Latifa tugged on Rio’s arm, trying to pull him away from Charlotte.</p>

      <p>“Hey now, you know you can’t do that, Char. You’re an unmarried princess. We’ll pretend we didn’t see that just now, but you need to leave it at that. Okay?” Satsuki had been watching the series of events in shock, but Latifa’s yell shocked her back into her senses, allowing her to warn Charlotte with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“You should listen to Satsuki.” Thanks to Satsuki’s intervention, Rio was able to distance himself from Charlotte this time. In exchange, Latifa clung to him instead.</p>

      <p><em>I’m so tired, and we haven’t even left yet.</em></p>

      <p>They had yet to depart, but Rio felt as exhausted as the end of the journey.</p>

      <p>“Get in the horse carriage before Char does anything else strange, Haruto.” Satsuki urged him towards the nearby carriage with a sigh.</p>

      <p>“If you would excuse me, then. Shall we go?”</p>

      <p>Rio looked at Miharu, Celia, and Aishia, who were the closest nearby. Finally, he looked down at Latifa clinging to his left arm and patted her head. With some final parting words, they boarded the carriage and departed.</p>

      <p>“I’m so envious of Lady Suzune. Lady Celia, Lady Miharu, Lady Aishia...” Charlotte mumbled sadly while watching the carriage go.</p>

      <p>Watching her made Satsuki feel a little sad too, so she smiled brightly. “Times like this call for a bathing session together. Haruto said we were free to use his mansion whenever, so let’s make the most of it. I’ll wash your back for you.”</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>After the carriage reached the noble district gate, Rio and the others disembarked and made their way out of the capital on foot. They proceeded down the main road out of the city until there was no one else around, then headed off the road towards the stone house where the spirit folk girls were waiting.</p>

      <p>When they stepped past the barrier around the house, Sara and the others immediately came out.</p>

      <p>“Welcome back.”</p>

      <p>“Shouldn’t you be saying ‘I’m home’ to Miharu and Latifa instead?” Alma said, pointing out how they were the ones who had returned from the village.</p>

      <p>“That’s true... But everyone’s also returning to the stone house.”</p>

      <p>“Hee hee, doesn’t it work both ways?” Orphia suggested in amusement.</p>

      <p>“We’re home! And welcome back! Sara, Orphia, Alma, long time no see!” Latifa called out to them energetically, raising a hand.</p>

      <p>“It’s good to see the three of you well,” Miharu said.</p>

      <p>“Having everyone gather in the stone house really feels like coming home,” Celia added.</p>

      <p>“While it’d be nice to take a break like this...is it okay if we head for the village right away?” Rio asked everyone from where he stood beside Aishia.</p>

      <p>“Sure. I want to see the village anyway,” Celia said, nodding with strong interest and excitement.</p>

      <p>“We’re happy to hear you’re so excited to go to our village.” Sara grinned a little bashfully.</p>

      <p>“It’s going to be so fluffy! A fluffy paradise! I want to touch the fur of all kinds of people there.”</p>

      <p>“Ah ha ha!”</p>

      <p>Everyone laughed in amusement.</p>

      <p>“So let’s get going already.” Embarrassed, Celia blushed and urged them to depart.</p>

      <p>“I’ll put away the house, then. <em>Conditum</em>.”</p>

      <p>Orphia used the Time-Space Cache equipped on her arm to collect the stone house. The area where it stood immediately turned into empty space.</p>

      <p>“Then I shall use the teleport crystal. There’s a range to the effect, so please stay as close to me as possible. Especially since there’s many of us.”</p>

      <p>“Okay!” Latifa took the lead by hugging Rio’s right arm, while Aishia pressed herself up against him from the other side.</p>

      <p><em>There’s no need to be </em>this<em> close, though...</em></p>

      <p>The effective range was around three meters in radius, so there was no need for seven people to pack themselves together so tightly. Rio’s expression stiffened in shyness, and he lowered his gaze uneasily. “O-Okay. Is this good?”</p>

      <p>Feeling competitive against Aishia and Latifa, Celia clung to Rio from the front. The height gap between them meant her face was touching him in the chest.</p>

      <p>“Y-Yes...”</p>

      <p>Taken aback, Rio nodded uncomfortably. “...”</p>

      <p>The remaining free space was Rio’s back. Miharu’s, Sara’s, Orphia’s, and Alma’s gazes naturally gathered on that point. And the first one to move was...all four of them. However, the one who started the closest to Rio’s back was Miharu. The other three were standing in front of him, so they took an extra moment to go around.</p>

      <p>“M-Miharu...?”</p>

      <p>At the unexpected sensation pressing against his back, Rio’s eyes widened. Since Sara and the others were in front of him, the only one who could possibly be behind him was Miharu—but that was exactly what was surprising to Rio. Miharu had never tried to cling to him before. He couldn’t help turning his neck to look behind him.</p>

      <p>“I-I would appreciate it...if you didn’t look behind you...”</p>

      <p>But Miharu’s trembling voice stopped him. Her face was dyed the deep shade of a ripe peach. She didn’t want Rio to see her like that.</p>

      <p>“Wow, Miharu, your face is bright red,” Latifa said with wide eyes.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s not red, though?” Miharu’s denial came out in a rather high-pitched voice. She could feel the heat from her own face.</p>

      <p>“Umm, there’s no need to be pressed so close...” Rio tried to protest hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“Everyone’s clinging too closely to Rio!”</p>

      <p>“Isn’t it unfair that we’re left out, Sara?”</p>

      <p>“Yes! Wait, no—?!”</p>

      <p>“It’s fine. Please press together closer, or there’ll be no room for us.”</p>

      <p>Sara, Orphia, and Alma crowded forward, making things even noisier and more cramped.</p>

      <p><em>I-I can’t move...</em></p>

      <p>Normally, Rio was capable of moving at rapid speeds to evade all enemy attacks, but he was completely helpless at this point. He was blocked in on all sides.</p>

      <p>Rio tried to move his limbs a little, but the sensation of things that shouldn’t be touched was transmitted back to him. The noisy sounds of ‘I prefer that, Sara!’ and ‘Your face is too close, Aishia!’ echoed around him.</p>

      <p>“I said there’s no need to be this close...”</p>

      <p>No one responded to Rio’s reserved opinion.</p>

      <p><em>Wh-Whatever. Let’s just teleport away from here as quickly as possible, </em>Rio said to himself, clearing his mind so that he could make a decision.</p>

      <p>“R-Right, let’s go now. I’m going to say the spell. <em>Transilio</em>.”</p>

      <p>He chanted the spell and activated the teleport crystal in his hand. The next moment, space spiraled and warped around Rio. Another moment later, the scenery changed completely. They had moved from the forest at Galarc’s outskirts to the spirit folk village deep within the Wilderness. Position-wise, they were located one or two minutes’ flight from the village town hall.</p>

      <p>There was a time difference between the Strahl region and the village, but it was still bright where they had teleported to. Sunlight filtered through the trees and across the forest. There was a spring beside them and a blue sky extending above their heads.</p>

      <p>At an ordinary time, this would have been a calm and peaceful space. However, since the women in the group had been making a fuss up until the teleportation, they hadn’t noticed that they had arrived. This caused their loud voices to echo through the forest.</p>

      <p>“We’ve arrived...” Rio said to the girls that were still clinging onto him with a sigh. He then looked around to confirm that they had teleported successfully—which was when he noticed a gaze from a certain direction.</p>

      <p>Several people wearing what looked like traditional Japanese clothing were seated on the rocky bank of the spring. They were surprised by the sudden arrival of Rio and the girls—or perhaps they were surprised to see so many beautiful girls clinging to Rio—as they were blinking in wonder.</p>

      <p><em>Why are they here...?</em></p>

      <p>Rio recognized some of the people among them—they were people who should have been at the next stop of their trip.</p>

      <p>He froze in bewilderment. The girls clinging to him naturally noticed his gaze and looked the same way. As a result, Rio’s group and the people wearing kimonos stared at each other. Then, one man stood up from the group.</p>

      <p>“Why are you here, Gouki?” Rio asked him. He was the senior warrior of the Karasuki Kingdom—Saga Gouki—and the former guard for Rio’s mother Ayame, with Rio’s father Zen.</p>

      <p>“We were told you would appear by this spring if we waited here...” Gouki scratched at his cheek awkwardly, then stopped to stare closely at the girls surrounding Rio. “I see you’re in high demand, hmm? As expected of Princess Ayame and Zen’s son.” He burst out in hearty laughter.</p>

      <p>“No, umm... This is... Ha ha.”</p>

      <p>Rio tried to brush it off by laughing. Miharu, Celia, and Latifa watched on, wondering who the man was. Meanwhile, the three spirit folk girls who had returned earlier seemed aware of their identities, as they were watching Rio’s face instead. As a result, the air was rather awkward between them all.</p>

      <p>“Don’t trouble Sir Rio, dear.”</p>

      <p>Behind Gouki, his wife, Saga Kiyoko, scolded her husband in a cold tone. It was as though she were saying this wasn’t the time to be joking around.</p>

      <p>“R-Right.” Gouki nodded awkwardly. “We were rejected by you once, but we hastened to join and serve you anyway. I know it is brazen of me to ask, but would you allow me another opportunity to convince you?” He lowered himself onto one knee, suddenly, appealing to Rio with humble reverence.</p>

      <p>“Please, Sir Rio!” a young girl’s voice shouted. The one who had spoken was Gouki’s daughter, Saga Komomo. Beside her was her guard and attendant, Aoi.</p>

      <p>“Komomo came along too, I see... And also...” Rio looked at the girl hidden behind Gouki and Komomo. There was a familiar boy immediately beside her.</p>

      <p>“Shin and Sayo too...”</p>

      <p>They were the siblings from the village Rio had lived in. Rio had said his farewells to them before leaving the Yagumo region, so why were they here? Rio had a serious look on his face as he contemplated the reason.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Sayo. What are you hiding there for? Come on.”</p>

      <p>“W-Wait, Shin...”</p>

      <p>In a sullen tone, Shin grabbed Sayo by the hand and forcefully pulled her into a spot where Rio could see her better. Sayo met eyes with Celia and the others clinging to Rio for a brief second, then ducked her head to avert her gaze with a nauseated look.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>At the sight of Sayo’s reaction, the girls surrounding Rio were all convinced that something had happened between them.</p>

      <p>“Tch, have some more confidence.” Shin looked between Sayo and the girls beside Rio, then narrowed his eyes in a glare.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, I’m glad to see you again. I was just thinking of returning to the Yagumo region, but how about we move somewhere else first? I’d like to greet the elders too.” Rio looked somewhat troubled, but eventually softened his expression into a smile.</p>

      <p>“Of course. We’d be delighted.”</p>

      <p>Gouki bowed his head deeply. Thus, the entire group relocated to the town hall first.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>At the town hall of the village, in a room on the highest floor...</p>

      <p>Rio had his reunion with the elders: Syldora, Dominic, and Ursula. After they rejoiced in seeing each other again, Rio introduced Celia to them.</p>

      <p>“Nice to meet you. I’m Celia Claire. Thank you for inviting me to the village.”</p>

      <p>Celia stood up from her chair, lightly pinching at the hem of her dress to give a courteous bow. Her good upbringing was evident, making the elders and Gouki’s group widen their eyes.</p>

      <p>“I am one of the head elders, the high elf Syldora. Welcome, teacher of Rio. These two are my fellow elders, fox werebeast Ursula and elder dwarf Dominic.”</p>

      <p>“I’m Ursula. We’ve heard a lot about you from Rio. It seems Sara and the others have been in your company too. I hope you enjoy your time with us.”</p>

      <p>“Welcome, little miss!”</p>

      <p>And so, the elders all welcomed Celia.</p>

      <p>“Little... Ah, thank you very much.” Celia’s eyes widened faintly at being called “little miss,” but then she giggled happily.</p>

      <p>“Hello all.”</p>

      <p>Just then, particles of light gathered in the corner of the room, and the high-class spirit Dryas manifested out of nowhere.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Lady Dryas.”</p>

      <p>“I sensed Aishia’s presence so I came to see her. You must be Celia. Sara and the others told us you’d be coming to the village. I’m Dryas,” she said, explaining her reasoning for appearing before them.</p>

      <p>“You’re a humanoid spirit like Aishia... It’s nice to meet you. I’m Celia Claire. I’ve also heard about you from Rio and the others.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, it’s a pleasure to meet you.”</p>

      <p>“Mine as well.”</p>

      <p>After they exchanged greetings...</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>Dryas stared closely at Celia from head to toe.</p>

      <p>“Umm... Is something the matter?” Celia asked, blinking.</p>

      <p>“You have a high affinity towards mana for a human. You excel at the manipulation of ode, don’t you?”</p>

      <p>“Do... Do I?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, mana naturally gathers near your body. Consequently, the ode flowing out of you has a very beautiful wavelength. Rio’s is on a different scale, but you’re not bad yourself. On the same level as the high elf Orphia, or thereabouts. You’re almost like an elf—do you have any ancestors who were elves? Perhaps it’s hereditary.”</p>

      <p>“How can you tell that?”</p>

      <p>“I haven’t been a humanoid spirit for hundreds of years for nothing. Aishia would be able to tell you the same. Spirits can visually see mana as well as ode.”</p>

      <p>“I see...” Celia swallowed her breath, impressed by the knowledge of a high-class spirit that had existed for so long. Aishia was on the same level of existence as Dryas and was unmatched in combat strength, but her quiet personality and lack of spirit-like speech made it hard to think of her as a high-class spirit.</p>

      <p>“Now that Lady Dryas and the elders have been introduced to Celia, I’d like to speak to Gouki’s group...” Rio began to say, looking at Gouki’s party seated in a corner of the room. The group included his wife Kayoko, daughter Komomo, Sayo, Shin, and others, totaling ten people. There were familiar faces among them, so there was no doubt they all hailed from the Karasuki Kingdom.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Where should we start...” Ursula stroked her chin in contemplation.</p>

      <p>“Have you all heard about how Gouki is connected to my parents already?”</p>

      <p>“Yes. Though I must apologize for talking about you in your absence.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all, I’m sure it was unavoidable in order for you to understand each other. That being said, there must be unfamiliar faces on each side and unclear parts of the situation, so how about I introduce you first?”</p>

      <p>“Good point. That would be preferred.”</p>

      <p>“First, these are the close acquaintances of my parents, Gouki and his wife Kayoko, and their daughter Komomo. Gouki is a senior warrior of the Karasuki Kingdom, which is located in the Yagumo region... The equivalent to the head of the highest military noble house in the Strahl region. The people around him are most likely his retainers. Those two over there are villagers from my father’s hometown: Shin and his little sister Sayo. Though I’m not sure why they’re here...”</p>

      <p>Rio conducted his introduction of Gouki’s party to Celia and the others, gesturing at them with his hand. They each bowed in the order of their names being called out, so it was fairly clear who was who.</p>

      <p>“My name is Saga Gouki. Ah, but names in the Strahl region are the other way around, so it’d be Gouki Saga. This is my wife Kayoko, and we both served Sir Rio’s mother, Lady Ayame, together with his father Zen. That was over twenty years ago.”</p>

      <p>With a ramrod straight back, Gouki introduced himself and his wife to Celia and Miharu, who were seated beside Rio.</p>

      <p>“I just introduced them to the elders, but this is my former teacher Celia Claire, my adopted little sister Latifa, and Miharu Ayase, whom I live with. And this is my contract spirit, Aishia. You’ve met Sara’s group before, I believe,” Rio said to Gouki’s group.</p>

      <p>They stared at the girls in great interest. Miharu in particular had similar black hair to what would be seen in the Yagumo region, and her name also sounded like theirs, so she attracted more attention than the rest.</p>

      <p>Gouki nodded. “Yes, we spoke to Lady Sara and her friends three weeks ago.”</p>

      <p>“I was told there was someone who wanted to see me at the village, but that must have been you and your people.”</p>

      <p>The surprise from the sudden reunion had faded, but Rio still looked a little troubled.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I’m sure it came as a surprise to you, but we wanted to speak to you directly. Please forgive my insolence in following you without permission.” Gouki bowed his head low enough to touch the floor.</p>

      <p>“I don’t consider it insolence at all. I’m just bewildered... I didn’t expect you to chase after me,” Rio confessed with a somewhat exasperated sigh. He could tell they hadn’t pursued him with superficial feelings, so he couldn’t get mad at them.</p>

      <p>“You said you could return to Strahl alone so you didn’t need retainers, and refused us clearly. We also said we’d give up on accompanying you.”</p>

      <p>“You said you’d give up on accompanying me, but you didn’t say anything about not coming after me. Is that it?”</p>

      <p>“Well, basically.” Gouki looked a little guilty but grinned widely. Rio sighed once again at his energy and initiative.</p>

      <p>“The journey to this village couldn’t have been easy by any means.”</p>

      <p>Savage creatures were rampant, and there was no road to follow. There were harrowing natural disasters local to certain areas, and some places were enshrouded in darkness all year round due to abnormal weather, making it impossible to ascertain the direction of travel. Just making it to the village would have been a harsh trip.</p>

      <p>“It was beyond our expectations, but we were prepared for it. We knew it’d be an ordeal, and it was a good training experience in the end. We were fortunate to make it without losing anyone.”</p>

      <p>“As long as there were no casualties.” Rio let out a breath of relief.</p>

      <p>“Well, we restricted our companions to those who could use spirit arts. My retainers are all trained in that area, and while they still lack experience, Shin and Sayo gave it their best as well,” Gouki said, looking at the siblings.</p>

      <p>“I really didn’t expect you to bring the two of them.”</p>

      <p>Rio looked at them a little awkwardly. <em>Why are they here?</em> That was the question in his head, but he felt too awkward to ask it out loud.</p>

      <p>“...” Sayo looked like she didn’t know what to do with herself and kept her head down in shame. Shin seemed displeased by that and had his lips fixed into a frown.</p>

      <p>“Sayo had rather strong feelings for Sir Rio, you see... When I spoke to her, she asked to come along with me, so I agreed. Shin is also a man with lots of promise, and he cares deeply for his little sister under that rough attitude of his. He asked to come along for Sayo’s sake. The two of them came all the way here without a single complaint.”</p>

      <p>Gouki looked at the silent siblings and sighed lightly, scratching his cheek before speaking on their behalf.</p>

      <p>“Hmph.” Shin snorted unhappily. He’d been brusque since back in the village, but now he was especially biting.</p>

      <p>“Hey now, Shin. What are you sulking for?”</p>

      <p>“I’m not sulking.” Shin denied Gouki’s criticism with a grim look.</p>

      <p>“Goodness. Sorry about that, Sir Rio.”</p>

      <p>“No, there’s nothing to apologize for... Did Yuba and Ruri agree to them coming?”</p>

      <p>“Of course. They’re accompanying us with full permission.”</p>

      <p>“I see. In that case, can I ask for the details on how you all made it to this village?” Rio asked.</p>

      <p>“We made it to the village by complete coincidence. We left the Karasuki Kingdom merely days after you, but we only arrived at this village about a month ago...”</p>

      <p>“Lord Gouki and his people wandered into our forest after Rio took Sara and the girls to the Strahl region. When we listened to their situation, we found they were headed the same way—and then Rio’s name came up. We couldn’t just chase them out after that,” Ursula explained.</p>

      <p>“The three elders told us that it wouldn’t be long before Sir Rio returned to this land, so they invited us to stay as guests. We’re extremely grateful to this village,” Gouki added.</p>

      <p>“I understand now, I think. That means it’s my turn to give my report next.” There was a somber light in Rio’s eyes.</p>

      <p>Sensing the state of his mind, Gouki put on a serious expression and refrained from conveying any praise or celebration. “Sara told us the general gist of things. You were able to achieve your long-held desire. I have no words to express myself.” He bowed his head to express his deep respect for Rio.</p>

      <p>“I suppose it’d be weird for me to thank you... And I’m not sure what to say to your people after you went through such efforts to get here.”</p>

      <p>Gouki looked confused at Rio’s uneasiness. “What do you mean?”</p>

      <p>“With Lucius dead, there’s no reason for all of you to come to Strahl anymore, no?”</p>

      <p>In other words, all their turmoil was for nothing.</p>

      <p>“...Ha! Ha ha ha! What are you saying?” Gouki burst into hearty laughter after a pause.</p>

      <p>“...” Rio was baffled by what could be so funny about his words.</p>

      <p>“Ah, my apologies for making a ruckus. With all due respect, Sir Rio, you’ve misunderstood something. Vengeance on Lucius, the man who killed Lady Ayame and Zen... While that was indeed one of our goals, it wasn’t the only one,” Gouki said with a tense expression.</p>

      <p>“By which you mean...?”</p>

      <p>“Our goal is to serve you. Lucius’s death is positive news, and not a reason to feel disappointment. Our efforts will only end in vain when we become unable to swear our loyalty to you.”</p>

      <p>“To serve me... When you didn’t even know if I’d agree to it? I’ve already refused your accompaniment once in the Yagumo region, so I’m sure you could imagine me refusing you again... And there was no guarantee you’d find me just by coming to Strahl.”</p>

      <p>Yet Gouki and the others came after him. Rio felt an indescribable emotion at that fact, which showed on his utterly bewildered face.</p>

      <p>“None of those serve as reasons not to come after you. We may be able to serve you. That possibility alone is enough—that is why we came after you.”</p>

      <p>“To the extent of throwing away the land you were born and raised on? Your servants in particular never even served my mother. Have they truly assented to this?”</p>

      <p>Friends, family, finances, status. They would be discarding all of those things by doing this. Going on such a dangerous journey for a wish that may not come true—wasn’t that a rather rash decision? Rio looked at them as though to say just that.</p>

      <p>“Hmm, how should I put this...” Gouki struggled to find the right words.</p>

      <p>“Sir Rio. My apologies for speaking up as a servant, but would you allow me to make one statement? I would like to explain the emotions of the servants on behalf of Sir Gouki.” Aoi, who was seated beside Komomo, raised her hand to ask for permission to speak.</p>

      <p>“Of course, I don’t mind...” Rio looked at Aoi.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. With the exception of Shin and Sayo, all the servants here are orphans adopted by the Saga family. We were given warm meals, clothes, shelter, and a means of living. Thus, we owe a great debt to Sir Gouki and Lady Kayoko. We will follow them wherever they go, and we will serve who they deem their master. That is our source of happiness.” Aoi bowed her head deeply as she explained their thoughts.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Rio said, barely managing a reply.</p>

      <p>He wasn’t born or raised as nobility, so it was difficult for him to put himself in their shoes. But that didn’t mean he couldn’t imagine it—he found their loyalty so admirable, he was almost astonished.</p>

      <p>“We told the servants they could stay back with Hayate... But they all chose not to. Their loyalty is admirable, if I do say so myself,” Gouki said with a slightly bashful grin. He then looked at Rio with a heated gaze and declared, “However, both my wife and I pride ourselves in having loyalty for Sir Rio that won’t lose to theirs.”</p>

      <p>“Why would you go so far for me? Sure, my father was your colleague and my mother was the master you served, but...” Rio was confused. He could tell that Gouki and Kayoko were extremely loyal to him, but he didn’t know the reason why. Was being Ayame’s son that important?</p>

      <p>“Kayoko and I were unable to fulfill our vow of loyalty to Lady Ayame in the past. So we thought we could direct that lost loyalty towards her son instead. But our feelings cannot be expressed with that alone.” Gouki grinned shyly, rubbing at his neck in an embarrassed manner. The gesture made him seem embarrassed of his words.</p>

      <p>“Lady Ayame and Zen were pursued by the kingdom and had to discard their identities, fleeing to the faraway lands of Strahl. We never thought we’d see them again, but one day their son shows up, bearing full resemblance to the two of them. That was the first time we saw Sir Rio,” Gouki said happily after a pause.</p>

      <p>“That brings back memories. It was around two years ago, if I recall.” Rio also thought back on that moment with a distant look.</p>

      <p>“I remember it as though it happened yesterday.”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha ha.” Rio chuckled with nostalgia at Gouki’s proud statement.</p>

      <p>“After listening to his words, we found out that both Zen and Lady Ayame have passed from this world. That Sir Rio made his way to the Karasuki Kingdom knowing nothing more than the stories Lady Ayame told him in his childhood. That he wanted to construct graves for them. He had made such a dangerous journey to the Yagumo region just to do that. Going around countless kingdoms to locate someone who knew of his parents... It must have been a hopeless journey with no end in sight. When we learned of this, we didn’t know what to feel...”</p>

      <p>Gouki’s words were brimming with emotion. Rio looked a little uncomfortable, but everyone else was listening with serious faces. They were living vicariously through Gouki’s words, wondering how the clueless Rio appeared to him when he knew the truth of Ayame and Zen’s past.</p>

      <p>“You were a dazzling existence to me. You were raised so well despite the harsh circumstances... I could only surrender to what a splendid person you ended up as.”</p>

      <p>In other words, Gouki had felt extreme empathy for Rio at the time. He believed Rio was a person worth respect even without considering Ayame and Zen. As a military man and as a warrior, he fell for Rio as a person. He had been filled with joy when he received the letter from Yuba about Rio, but he hadn’t thought of swearing his loyalty yet. The more he got to know Rio, however, the more his resolution solidified.</p>

      <p>“Of course, the fact that you’re a memento from Lady Ayame and Zen plays a big part, but it’s all because it’s you. We want to serve you because of the person you are—if we remained in Yagumo without swearing our loyalty, we would be living the rest of our lives in vain. That was something we were sure of. So how could we sit around waiting just because we were rejected once?”</p>

      <p>Gouki gradually got more heated the more he spoke, but he seemed to realize that himself and paused. “At any rate, that’s the reason why we left the kingdom and came after you. Did that explain things clearly?” he asked shyly as he looked at Rio.</p>

      <p>“...Yes.” Rio nodded after an awkward pause.</p>

      <p>“In that case, I’d like to ask you once more: will you allow us the honor of swearing our loyalty to you?”</p>

      <p>Gouki got out of his seat and proceeded to kneel on the floor before Rio. Kayoko, Komomo, and the other servants followed his lead quietly. The room focused on Rio for his response.</p>

      <p>Even asking for favors made him feel awkward. Rio hesitated for a long moment before expressing his disapproval. “Honestly speaking, I’m not used to having someone swear loyalty to me. I doubt I’ll get used to it in the future, and I don’t think I can act like a master to you all. I’m not good at giving other people orders either.”</p>

      <p>“I can imagine. I am well aware of your personality.”</p>

      <p>Gouki seemed to have predicted such a response and had a strained smile on his face. However, he fixed his heated gaze on Rio to convey his desire to serve in spite of this.</p>

      <p>“I understand everyone’s feelings. That’s why I won’t ask that you return to the Karasuki Kingdom. I’m at a loss.”</p>

      <p>True to his words, Rio’s mouth was drawn into a completely stumped frown.</p>

      <p>“Then...?”</p>

      <p><em>Does that mean you’ll approve of us becoming your retainers?</em> Gouki seemed to sense the possibility of that happening and looked at Rio in surprise.</p>

      <p>He had imagined Rio would have answered based on the conclusion that he wouldn’t take Gouki and the others on as servants. No matter how difficult it was to reject them, the former Rio would have done so firmly, as he had done when he refused their accompaniment the first time.</p>

      <p>So what about now? While he expressed his disapproval, he hadn’t given a clear no. Far from it, in fact.</p>

      <p>“I cannot answer you right now... Could you give me some time to think about it?”</p>

      <p>“O-Of course! Take all the time you need!” Gouki was unable to hold back his elated feelings and shouted his response. That was only understandable—for someone who wished to become one of Rio’s retainers, it was a great step forward. He hadn’t planned on giving up easily at a rejection, but this was a welcome miscalculation for someone who had prepared for a much longer battle.</p>

      <p><em>Has accomplishing his long desire changed something within Sir Rio’s heart? Or perhaps it was the influence of these girls around him...</em></p>

      <p>Gouki turned his gaze to Miharu, Celia, and the other girls around Rio. If there was something that had changed during his time away from Rio—other than the vengeance being achieved—it would be the presence of these girls. The elders seemed to have made the same assumption, believing Rio would refuse, as their eyes were widened as well.</p>

      <p>“So please stand up for now,” Rio asked, trying to lighten the mood and relaxing his shoulders.</p>

      <p>“This calls for a reunion banquet tonight!” Dominic suggested with a hearty laugh.</p>

      <p>“You just want to drink, don’t you?” Ursula shrugged in exasperation.</p>

      <p>“That aside, I’m sure there’s more you wish to discuss. Many of you are meeting for the first time, so it would be a good chance to interact with each other more.” Syldora summed up the discussions with a smile.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Whether you have an answer by the banquet or not, give it some thought, Rio.”</p>

      <p>Rio nodded slowly at Ursula’s suggestion. “I will.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, we shall excuse ourselves until the banquet. There’s no rush for a reply, so please give it as much thought as you need.”</p>

      <p>Gouki offered for his people to make themselves scarce until they met up again at night.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Leaving the elders in the town hall behind him, Rio headed for the guest house he had used when he previously stayed in the village. Komomo looked like she wanted to come with him but ended up going her separate way until the later banquet. This left Miharu, Celia, Aishia, Latifa, Sara, Orphia, and Alma to accompany Rio.</p>

      <p>“This is the house we stay at while in the village,” Rio explained to Celia at the front door, inviting her inside.</p>

      <p>“Whenever Onii-chan’s at the village, we all live together!” Latifa boasted smugly to Celia.</p>

      <p>“Is this what you call a tree house? It’s so spacious on the inside... What a lovely home. I was thinking this as we walked earlier, but the people of this village really live in harmony with nature.”</p>

      <p>Naturally, the wood of the host tree was being used as is, creating a space filled with a wooden warmth. It was a type of building that couldn’t be seen in Strahl cities, so Celia looked around the interior with great interest.</p>

      <p>“Thank you very much. Please think of this place as your own while you’re here,” Sara said proudly as a resident of the village.</p>

      <p>“The bathing room in this house is also quite delightful, so try it out at night,” Orphia noted.</p>

      <p>“We’ll have to show you around the village too,” Alma added.</p>

      <p>“Yup, I’m looking forward to it!” Celia nodded enthusiastically.</p>

      <p>“It’d be nice if we could bring Aki and Masato here again someday. Right, Miharu?” Aishia said to Miharu out of consideration.</p>

      <p>“Yeah.” Miharu nodded with a bright smile, though there was a faint trace of sadness to it.</p>

      <p>Just then, Rio turned to everyone. “How about we take this chance to go for a walk around the village?”</p>

      <p>The girls all exchanged looks. After hearing the conversation between Gouki and Rio earlier, they seemed to have their own thoughts about it. They tried to convey those thoughts to each other with just their eyes.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter...?” Rio asked, noticing how the girls were all making eye contact with each other.</p>

      <p>“Onii-chan... If you need to talk, we’re here for you, yeah?”</p>

      <p>As his adopted little sister, Latifa spoke on behalf of the girls. The rest of the group silently nodded along, expressing their agreement.</p>

      <p>“You’re referring to Gouki and the others, right?” Rio smiled a little awkwardly on the receiving end of the girls’ gazes.</p>

      <p>“Yeah.”</p>

      <p>“I know the general direction I want to take... I’m just unsure of how to do it in a way that will make everyone happy, so I haven’t gathered my thoughts yet. Right. Would you be willing to hear me out? Everyone else too.”</p>

      <p>“Of course!” The girls all agreed to Rio’s humble request in unison.</p>

      <p>“Let’s sit on the chairs, then. I’ll take out the tea I prepared from the Time-Space Cache earlier.”</p>

      <p>“I’ll help, Orphia.”</p>

      <p>Orphia and Miharu headed towards the living room first. Rio and the others followed after them. Preparations were completed in a mere ten-odd seconds, and everyone sat down. The girls then naturally waited for Rio to start speaking, and after a while...</p>

      <p>“Like I said earlier, I’m not capable of becoming a master to anyone. If they swear loyalty to me as retainers, I wouldn’t know how to interact with them as their master. That’s why I’m opposed to the idea of taking them on...” Rio began.</p>

      <p>“But when I look at you now, I can see you want to answer Gouki and his people’s feelings. That’s why you’re wavering, isn’t it?” Celia said, watching Rio’s expression as though to seek confirmation.</p>

      <p>Rio confirmed her statement with a strained smile. “Well, yes.”</p>

      <p>“Does that mean you intend on taking Gouki’s group on as retainers?” Sara asked next.</p>

      <p>“No... I don’t want retainers, but I’d be willing to live with them on equal footing like with everyone here... Gouki and the others are all important people to me, just like you all.”</p>

      <p>He had no confidence in his ability to act as a master, so he was opposed to making Gouki his retainer. But if they insisted on staying with him anyway, he wanted to grant their wishes. The solution he came up with was for them to be comrades.</p>

      <p>“I see...” The girls seemed to be thoroughly convinced by that.</p>

      <p>“Why don’t you tell them that, then?” Miharu suggested while watching Rio’s expression.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I agree,” was Celia’s endorsement. The others also uttered their agreement.</p>

      <p>Rio scratched his cheek, unsure. “I’m not sure Gouki will accept that...”</p>

      <p>“Why? I don’t see why not...” Celia looked surprised.</p>

      <p>“If Gouki’s people are fixated on becoming retainers, they might find my proposal disappointing...”</p>

      <p><em>I can’t make you my retainers, but do you want to come along?</em> Was that the reply Gouki and the others truly desired? Rio couldn’t help but ponder that.</p>

      <p>“I believe you’re giving it too much thought...” Sara said with a wry smile.</p>

      <p>Celia agreed tiredly. “Right. It’s a bad habit of yours.”</p>

      <p>“Have more confidence, Onii-chan! It’ll definitely go well!”</p>

      <p>Latifa pumped her fist to cheer Rio on. Rio looked a little embarrassed at that.</p>

      <p>“If Gouki and his people join me, they’ll naturally end up interacting with you more... Are you all okay with that?” he asked, changing the subject subtly.</p>

      <p>“Yup. They seem like really nice people, so I’m looking forward to talking to them at the banquet tonight,” Latifa replied with great curiosity.</p>

      <p>Miharu giggled in agreement. “That’s right.”</p>

      <p>“Then it won’t be a problem if they end up living together with us.”</p>

      <p>“No. All that’s left is for you to tell them how you feel.”</p>

      <p>“Ah ha ha... Right.” Rio chuckled weakly and nodded.</p>

      <p>“Say, Rio... A master-servant relationship can come in all shapes and forms. You may not think you’re capable of standing above others, but I don’t agree. That’s probably why Gouki and the others want to serve you as well—like Latifa said, have more confidence. Right?” Celia smiled with a one-sided dimple as she gave her opinion from the point of view of a noble. That made Rio’s expression brighten as well.</p>

      <p>“Right.” He nodded.</p>

      <p>“Hmph. As expected of Celia. You weren’t Onii-chan’s teacher for nothing.” Latifa’s cheeks puffed up like a balloon. Other than Aishia, the other girls all looked similarly envious.</p>

      <p>“N-No no, I didn’t say anything special,” Celia said, flustered.</p>

      <p>“Well, that aside... There’s one thing I wanted to ask Onii-chan before the banquet.”</p>

      <p>“What is it?” Rio met Latifa’s eyes and stiffened in wariness.</p>

      <p>“Umm, you know. We might end up living together with them from now on, so we need to know more about them, don’t you think?”</p>

      <p>“Uh, I guess...”</p>

      <p>There was nothing wrong with what she was saying, but for some reason, Rio had a bad feeling about it as he agreed with her.</p>

      <p>“Then, a question! What happened with that Sayo girl? And that Komomo girl too.” Latifa’s hand immediately shot up in the air as she fired off her questions.</p>

      <p>“U-Umm...?” Rio was flustered by the sudden interrogation.</p>

      <p>“Based on Sayo’s reaction, something definitely happened between you two at the Karasuki village, didn’t it?”</p>

      <p>“Uh... I wonder about that...” Rio tried to feign ignorance, but—</p>

      <p>“That’s a lie! That’s definitely a lie! Right, girls?!” Latifa sought agreement from Miharu and the others.</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>Everyone nodded in agreement. Celia had been avoiding the prying questioning, but she took the chance to nod along with them. Thus, an encircling net of questions was laid around Rio within moments.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s a private matter.” Rio averted his eyes guiltily.</p>

      <p>“See! Something happened! That answer means something happened!” Latifa glared at Rio.</p>

      <p>“Spare me...” Rio groaned, at a complete loss. Thus, the time before the banquet was filled with a barrage of questions from the girls.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇　◇　◇</p>

      <p>Finally, the banquet was upon them, and it was to take place in the large dining room in the village town hall.</p>

      <p>“Listen up, everyone! There’ll be no stiff greetings tonight. We drink, and we talk! Cheers!” Dominic raised his glass with enough momentum to splash the ceiling. Of course, he wasn’t tall enough to actually reach the ceiling...</p>

      <p>“Cheers!”</p>

      <p>Glasses were raised across the room, accompanied by cheering voices. Rio also raised his glass and tapped it against Miharu’s, Celia’s, Aishia’s, Latifa’s, Sara’s, Orphia’s, and Alma’s.</p>

      <p>“Cheers, everyone!” Dryas skipped over and clinked her glass against them all one by one.</p>

      <p>“Latifa! Rio! Sara...and everyone else!”</p>

      <p>“Ah, it’s Vera and Arslan!”</p>

      <p>Latifa’s close friend—and Sara’s little sister—Vera came up to them, waving her hands enthusiastically. Behind her was the lion werebeast, Arslan, and the chief warrior of the village, Uzuma.</p>

      <p>“Long time no see, everyone!” Vera’s silver wolf tail wagged happily as she greeted them.</p>

      <p>“It’s been so long, Vera!”</p>

      <p>“Yes! I’ve missed you so much!”</p>

      <p>The two girls hugged each other, rejoicing in their reunion. Arslan shot them an exasperated look before turning to Rio.</p>

      <p>“Hey, Rio.”</p>

      <p>“It’s good to see you again, Arslan. And you too, Uzuma.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I’m glad to see you in good health, Lord Rio.”</p>

      <p>“You too, Uzuma. Although Aki and Masato stayed behind in Strahl...” Rio said.</p>

      <p>“We heard about that last time Sara and the others returned. Masato still owes me that sparring match. Ugh...” Arslan muttered, disappointed.</p>

      <p>“Masato wanted to see you too, Arslan. It might take some time, but I’ll figure out a way to bring them here again someday.”</p>

      <p>“Please do.”</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me.” Rio nodded. He then looked over at Gouki and the others from Yagumo, who were waiting a few meters away. “Hold on, I’m going to say hello to Gouki.”</p>

      <p>He started walking, but—</p>

      <p>“Ah, we’ll come too.”</p>

      <p>The others who were listening to the conversation followed behind him.</p>

      <p>“Will you allow me to make a toast to you all?” Rio checked over his shoulder for the people following him, then started talking to the group by raising his glass.</p>

      <p>“Of course!” Gouki replied with delight, having been waiting for Rio to approach them.</p>

      <p>“Cheers.”</p>

      <p>Rio and Gouki tapped their glasses together as the others present raised theirs.</p>

      <p>Gouki gulped down the contents of his drink and started chatting merrily. “This is such a nice banquet, isn’t it? I enjoy a good banquet wherever I go. And the alcohol in this village is superb! I was surprised to see they had Yagumo drinks as well.”</p>

      <p>“The dwarves probably made it. There’s no one in this village who appreciates a good drink more than them.”</p>

      <p>“So it seems! I have confidence in my ability to hold a drink, so I was shocked when the high-ranking dwarves of this village all turned out to be heavy drinkers.”</p>

      <p>“It sounds like you adapted to the village well.”</p>

      <p>“Only thanks to you, Sir Rio. Things were really tense until your name came up.”</p>

      <p>“This village has always been extremely hesitant about accepting humans... But how did my name come up?”</p>

      <p>“We figured if we came across this village on our way to Strahl, then there was a chance you did as well. There was no guarantee, but I believed it was possible you stopped on your way and asked them.”</p>

      <p>And it was worth the attempt.</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>“This village is full of experienced warriors, including Lady Uzuma over there. With the disadvantage in location and numbers, there’s no doubt we would have been captured if we responded wrongly.” Gouki laughed heartily with a glance at Uzuma. “That aside, I want to hear your tales too, Sir Rio. Komomo and Sayo have been wanting to speak as well. May they join in?”</p>

      <p>The two girls had been restlessly listening to the conversation beside them, so Gouki glanced over and sought permission from Rio to include them.</p>

      <p>“Sure. And I’d prefer it if you didn’t worry about formalities like that, truly. It’s in the past, so please forget my mother’s status,” Rio requested with a frown.</p>

      <p>“That’s a rather difficult request... But I understand. You heard him, come join the convo. There’ll be no standing on ceremony tonight.” Gouki beckoned them over.</p>

      <p>“My little sister and my friends have been wanting to talk to the three of you as well,” Rio said, looking at Latifa and the others behind him.</p>

      <p>“Oh, what an honor. I previously heard that you have an adopted sister, so it’s a pleasure to finally meet Lady Latifa in person. As mentioned earlier, I am Gouki Saga, former guard to Rio’s late mother, Lady Ayame.” Gouki bowed his head low before Latifa, extending his deep loyalty to her as well.</p>

      <p>Latifa stiffened at the strong display of respect towards her, then bobbed her head with a polite curtsy. “Ah ha ha... I’m not related by blood to Onii-chan’s mom or dad, so there’s no need to be so formal. My name’s Latifa. It’s nice to meet you.”</p>

      <p>“Blood connections are irrelevant when it comes to Sir Rio’s little sister. May I ask how old you are? At a glance, you seem to be the same age as Komomo...”</p>

      <p>“Umm, I’m thirteen.”</p>

      <p>“I see. That makes you one year older than Komomo.” Gouki glanced at his daughter.</p>

      <p>“Wow, really? Let’s get to know each other, Komomo!”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Lady Latifa.” Komomo gave a cute smile and energetic reply to Latifa’s greeting.</p>

      <p>“There’s no need to call me that. I don’t want to be called a ‘lady’ by someone my age, and we’re only one year apart... Right? There’s no need for titles.” Latifa looked embarrassed.</p>

      <p>Komomo hesitantly looked between Gouki and Rio. “But you are Sir Rio’s sister...”</p>

      <p>“I want to become friends with you... Do you not want to be friends?” Latifa cocked her head uneasily, watching Komomo’s expression. Social status and position were barriers to forming friendships. For the daughter of an established warrior who was trained in etiquette, social standing was an important matter. It was a difficult issue to address, but...</p>

      <p>“I would like to ask the same of you, Komomo,” Rio requested.</p>

      <p>“Umm...” Komomo was in clear conflict with herself.</p>

      <p>“The people in question are saying this themselves. It wouldn’t hurt to agree to a friendship in this case.” Gouki smiled gently and gave his permission. He felt a slight objection himself, but he was capable of considering the circumstances and adapting to them.</p>

      <p>Komomo took a long, deep breath and said Latifa’s name nervously. “Then... Latifa...?”</p>

      <p>“Yup! Please be good to me, Komomo!”</p>

      <p>“...Of course!”</p>

      <p>The two exchanged friendly smiles.</p>

      <p>“Let me introduce my friends to you next! Do you know them already? This is Vera, and beside her is Arslan.” Latifa pulled Komomo by the hand and led her over to where Vera and Arslan were behind Miharu and Sara’s group. Thus, the younger ones began mingling with each other.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>