<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter6_1">
    <div class="main">
      <p>“Heh. Heh heh heh. In that case, I’m sure you understand Liselotte Cretia’s safety won’t be guaranteed. If I don’t return by a certain date, my people will sentence her,” Erica threatened with a fearless smile.</p>

      <p>“...Then it would be best for you to return quietly. If you continue to act violently and risk everyone’s safety, I will have no choice but to apprehend you.”</p>

      <p><em>It’s not what I desire, but is it what you desire?</em> Rio implied with his gaze.</p>

      <p>“...Fine. My role right now is to bestow a revelation upon the people of this nation. I can always eliminate the people here after the people have made their fury known. No, that is the correct order. It seems I nearly messed up in my haste. Now that I’ve fulfilled my original goal, I shall take my leave here.”</p>

      <p>The mace in Erica’s hand vanished. She proceeded to raise her hands and show she had no wish to fight, then started walking towards the door. Rio tried to follow her to make sure she didn’t try anything strange, but Erica turned around and stopped him.</p>

      <p>“If you follow me, I may end up making a mess of this castle. I’m sure you haven’t forgotten, but Liselotte Cretia is in my hands right now.”</p>

      <p>As a result, Rio had no choice but to come to a halt. Everyone else’s angered gazes focused on Erica’s back, infuriated by how they couldn’t chase after her.</p>

      <p>Eventually, Erica left the room, and as soon as the door shut, Rio spoke up.</p>

      <p>“Your Majesty, please give me permission to pursue her,” he said to Francois.</p>

      <p>“What...?”</p>

      <p>Francois was wide-eyed.</p>

      <p>“If we allow that saint to escape here, Liselotte might never return to us. I will pin down her location and retrieve her.” There was no hesitation in his eyes. He would save her. His determination was clear.</p>

      <p>“Hmm... But you absolutely cannot be detected while pursuing her to find Liselotte’s location. Can you do that?”</p>

      <p>The moment he was discovered, Liselotte would most likely never return again. Francois hummed in thought while staring at Rio but seemed to believe it would be possible if it were him.</p>

      <p>“I can stalk her while maintaining a one-kilometer distance. If I go too far, I’ll lose sight of her, but I have a means of never losing sight of her within that distance. That’s why there’s a little leeway in time, but please make a decision soon,” Rio answered.</p>

      <p><em>Aishia, it’s an emergency. Stay in your spirit form and follow the black-haired woman about to leave the castle.</em></p>

      <p>At the same time, he called out to Aishia telepathically without waiting for Francois’s permission.</p>

      <p><em>Got it, </em>came her immediate reply.</p>

      <p><em>Thanks.</em></p>

      <p>All that was left was to actually set off after her. Rio looked straight at Francois and waited for his answer.</p>

      <p>“There’s one thing I’d like to ask of Lady Satsuki.”</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“If the saint takes an aggressive stance, will you be willing to make an official statement as a hero that our kingdom was not at fault?” Francois asked, seeking her assistance.</p>

      <p>The Strahl region viewed the heroes as sacred beings, so if things were to take a serious turn with a hero, they’d need another hero on their side. As someone burdened with the welfare of a kingdom, this was something he had to confirm first.</p>

      <p>“Of course. You don’t even need to ask. There’s no way I’d forgive someone like that.” Satsuki must have made up her mind about the saint, as her reply was instant.</p>

      <p>“All right... Then Liselotte’s rescue shall be left to Haruto. Fine with you, Cedric?”</p>

      <p>Francois nodded deeply, giving Rio permission to rescue Liselotte. He then turned to Liselotte’s father, Cedric, for confirmation.</p>

      <p>“Please take care of this, Haruto.” Cedric closed his eyes uneasily but ultimately bowed his head.</p>

      <p>“I will do my best.”</p>

      <p>“We’re counting on you,” Francois said, entrusting everything to Rio.</p>

      <p>“And so, please explain everything to the others for me.” Rio nodded deeply in response to Francois, then turned to Miharu, Celia, Satsuki, and Charlotte beside him to rely on them for the rest.</p>

      <p>“Yup... Be careful.”</p>

      <p>“Make sure you come back safely.”</p>

      <p>“Please take care of Liselotte, Haruto.”</p>

      <p>Celia, Miharu, and Satsuki looked at Rio with worry.</p>

      <p>“I shall await your return, Sir Haruto.” Charlotte pinched the hem of her dress up and saw Rio off resolutely.</p>

      <p>“Leave it to me. I’ll definitely bring her back.” Rio smiled to reassure the four of them, then started walking out of the room to go after the saint.</p>

      <p>“Wait.”</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>Just before he left the room, Francois called for him to stop. Rio paused before the door.</p>

      <p>“We’ve basically been handed a clear declaration of war. Lady Satsuki has also given her seal of approval. It no longer matters whether our opponent is a hero or a saint. If they pursue you after the rescue, you may use your own discretion to act. Bring out all of your strength if you need to.”</p>

      <p><em>Make them regret picking a fight with us</em>—Francois gave permission for Rio to cross swords with the saint as though to say exactly that. The fact it was coming from the king himself also had huge implications.</p>

      <p>“Understood.” Rio bowed his head deeply and left the room.</p>

      <p>“If I may please make a request unworthy of my standing.” The voice of a woman echoed in the meeting room.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>