<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 17</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="epilogue">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Epilogue: Companion</h1>

      <p>After leaving the meeting room, Rio walked leisurely towards the entrance of the castle so that he wouldn’t catch up to Erica. Along the way, he confirmed with the knights that she had passed by.</p>

      <p><em>Haruto, a black-haired woman is approaching the gate. I’ll continue to follow her after she leaves.</em></p>

      <p>Then, Aishia made contact.</p>

      <p>Apparently she really was going to leave the castle quietly.</p>

      <p><em>Thank you. Let me know if anything happens. I’ll follow within range of our telepathic connection.</em></p>

      <p><em>Got it.</em></p>

      <p>Rio made his way out of the castle while communicating with her. Saint Erica should have been going through the castle gate two hundred meters in front of him right now.</p>

      <p>“Please wait!”</p>

      <p>Just at that moment, a voice called out from behind Rio, and its owner ran up to him. She must have been in a hurry, as she was breathing a little heavily.</p>

      <p>“Aria...?”</p>

      <p>Rio’s eyes widened. He was surprised by the fact she had chased after him, but what was more surprising was her clothes. Instead of her usual attendant’s uniform, she was dressed in what looked like adventurer clothes. Why?</p>

      <p>“I’m begging you,” Aria began with a serious expression.</p>

      <p>“For what...?”</p>

      <p>Rio had a hunch what her request would be. And while he was thinking about whether that request was right or not...</p>

      <p>“Please allow me to accompany you on the mission to rescue Lady Liselotte.”</p>

      <p>Aria bowed her head low before Rio, pleading.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>