<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 21</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="afterword">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Afterword</h1>

      <p>Hello everyone, this is Yuri Kitayama. Thank you for reading <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 21 - The Dragon’s Disciple</em>.</p>

      <p>This is the first volume released after the first season of the anime finished airing. Five months have gone past in the blink of an eye since the first season ended in September 2021.</p>

      <p>As many of you may know already, a second season has been announced for the anime! Please look forward to it, because I know I am! I wonder how far in the story they’ll get in the second season. I’m so excited!</p>

      <p>But the anime aside, I have one more piece of good news! The drama CD for Seirei Gensouki is getting a fourth CD! The release date has been determined already and will be packaged in the special edition of volume 22. Please look forward to what Rio and the others will get up to in the drama CD as well!</p>

      <p>As announced in the preview for the next volume, <em>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 22 - Pure White Equation</em> will be released in the summer. With all those notices out of the way, I’d like to talk about how things in volume 22 will be influenced by the events of volume 21. Speaking of which, how did you all enjoy volume 21?</p>

      <p>There should have been a lot of new information in this volume that hadn’t been foreshadowed or mentioned before! At least, that’s what I aimed for when writing it, but revealing new plot points as an answer to twenty volumes of foreshadowing made it quite the challenging volume to plan.</p>

      <p>While this volume was published by the originally planned date, my writing schedule actually fell behind quite a bit at one point. I’m very sorry to my editor and Riv for all the trouble I’ve caused. This volume was only released thanks to their huge efforts. They’re amazing people—thank you for all you’ve done! I am borrowing this space to give my apologies and gratitude to you two!</p>

      <p>There was a thought that came to my mind while I was writing this volume: I wished I was smarter. When I was writing the serious developments in the main story, I found there were a lot more scenes that required using my head to write what I wanted to write. I became painfully aware of how much I’d like to be able to write those scenes smoothly without having to rewrite them over and over.</p>

      <p>Other than that, I also thought that I’d also like to make a stand-alone spin-off series called <em>Sir Amakawa’s Dining Table</em> for a change of pace. One where the characters in the story just eat Rio’s cooking and react. I’d also like to see their reaction to using soap and the bath. It’d be even better if it was in manga form. I mean, half of that train of thought was just escapism—but that also means I’m half-serious about it! I really want to make it happen!</p>

      <p>Getting back on topic, there are still more hints and mysteries about the world that aren’t addressed in volume 21. The series should only get more interesting from here, as this volume was just a preparation volume for the things I really want to write from here on. Those of you who read volume 21 probably thought, “Oh my god, things are getting more exciting! Bring on volume 22!” right? I sure hope so!</p>

      <p>A reliable new character has also joined the gang as of this volume, so we’ll be journeying with her to solve the world’s mysteries and regain what was lost... Hopefully!</p>

      <p>Finally, I’d like to extend my thanks to all the readers who follow this series and those involved in its production! Let us meet again in volume 22!</p>

      <p class="signature">Yuri Kitayama</p>

      <p class="signature">February 2022</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>