<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 21</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="bonus">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Bonus Short Stories</h1>

      <h2>Princess Meets Mermaid</h2>

      <p>Amakawa Haruto is a Japanese boy who just became a second-year student at his high school.</p>

      <p>One day after school, shortly after the new term began, he passed by a girl named Flora Beltrum in the corridor.</p>

      <p>The moment Flora saw his face, she greeted him brightly.</p>

      <p>“Good afternoon, Mister Haruto!”</p>

      <p>Flora was an overseas exchange student who just arrived at their school this spring, and her older sister Christina had transferred into Haruto’s class, so the two were acquainted.</p>

      <p>“Hello, Flora. That’s a lot of books you’ve got there.”</p>

      <p>Although Haruto was a little confused by being addressed as “mister,” he chose to ask about the ten-odd books in Flora’s arms.</p>

      <p>“I was just on my way to return these to the library.”</p>

      <p>“You borrowed a lot.”</p>

      <p>“I love reading. It also helps my Japanese, and there are so many interesting stories to read.”</p>

      <p>“I see. But that must be heavy... Let me help you carry them,” Haruto said, moving before Flora could reply. He took more than half of the books from Flora’s arms, lightening her load by a considerable amount.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Th-Thank you. Isn’t it heavy to carry?”</p>

      <p>“No, this much is nothing. To the library, was it? Let’s get going.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right!”</p>

      <p>Haruto started walking towards the library, and Flora hurried to walk alongside him.</p>

      <p>“What kind of books do you like, Flora?”</p>

      <p>“I love novels the most. I’m currently looking for a story with a princess as the protagonist. Do you have any titles you could recommend, Mister Haruto?”</p>

      <p>“Let me think. What about a fairytale with a mermaid? Oh, but it’s a famous story, so you probably know it already.”</p>

      <p>He said the first title that came to his mind, but it was a famous work that any child in Japan would know already. However...</p>

      <p>“No, I don’t know that one. What’s it about?”</p>

      <p>It seemed that Flora wasn’t familiar with it.</p>

      <p>“Hmm. It’s a story about a mermaid princess who falls in love with a human.” Haruto gave a simple summary of the story, not wanting to spoil the plot.</p>

      <p>“Oh, that sounds interesting! I’ll go look for it!” Flora’s eyes sparkled with curiosity.</p>

      <p>“But I heard the original tale was a little on the darker side...”</p>

      <p>“Huh? Really?” Flora asked timidly. She seemed to be afraid of scary stories.</p>

      <p>“A picture book of the story wouldn’t be as scary, but it’d be much shorter... I know, there’s a children’s movie based on the story, so maybe you could watch that instead.”</p>

      <p>“A movie... Okay! In that case, I can invite my sister and Professor Celia along to watch it together. I’ll go look for it!”</p>

      <p>Haruto then gave Flora the movie title, promising to help her look for the movie after school.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>The next day, during a break...</p>

      <p>“Mister Haruto!”</p>

      <p>Flora had come to visit Haruto’s class. Instead of calling for her sister, she searched for Haruto’s face and called his name as soon as she spotted him.</p>

      <p>Being overseas exchange students, both Flora and Christina were famous throughout the school. Their elegance and charm made them extremely popular among the second-year boys. And now, the younger one of the two had appeared in a second-year classroom, calling the name of one of the boys.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>The boys—and the girls, for that matter—all fell silent and stared at Haruto. Christina was the only one smiling in amusement.</p>

      <p>“Is something the matter, Flora?” Haruto asked awkwardly, quickly standing up to approach Flora. He seemed rather bothered by the stares.</p>

      <p>“I watched the movie you told me about yesterday! It was so good, I wanted to thank you for it.”</p>

      <p>“I see... I’m glad to hear that.”</p>

      <p>Seeing how innocently Flora spoke made Haruto chuckle with a smile.</p>

      <p>“A mermaid princess and a human prince. There’s no gap in their social status, but the conflict born from the gap in their species is...”</p>

      <p>Flora then began to enthusiastically tell Haruto her thoughts on the movie, drawing the attention of the entire class.</p>

      <h2>Sibling Time</h2>

      <p>Inside the Galarc Castle, in the mansion bestowed to Rio by King Francois, everyone in the mansion was preparing to depart for Duke Gregory’s territory in order to face Saint Erica. Unlike the usual harmonious atmosphere of the mansion, the air was tense at the thought of Rio and Erica’s looming rematch.</p>

      <p><em>If that monster appears again... I have to do everything I can to defeat it, </em>Rio thought to himself with determination as he sat on the bed in his room. Then, someone knocked on the door.</p>

      <p>“Come in.” Rio wiped the stern expression off his face as he called out to whoever was outside the door. The door slowly opened, revealing Latifa.</p>

      <p>“Onii-chan,” she said worriedly.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Latifa?”</p>

      <p>The reason for her concern was obvious. Thus, Rio made sure to speak in as bright of a tone as possible to reassure his little sister.</p>

      <p>“Nothing. I just wanted to stay beside you,” Latifa said, explaining her trivial request while watching Rio’s face for his reaction.</p>

      <p>“I see. Come over here, then.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>Rio patted the bed beside him, inviting her to sit together. Latifa nodded with a look of relief and immediately went over.</p>

      <p>“Ehehe.” She clung to Rio’s side and rubbed her cheek against her brother’s arm.</p>

      <p>“That’s a little too close,” Rio said with a strained smile. But he didn’t tell her to distance herself; if this was what it took to ease his little sister’s worries, then he’d gladly resign himself to being clung to.</p>

      <p>“Onii-chan.”</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“Nothing. Hee hee.” Latifa smiled happily.</p>

      <p>“I see.” Seeing her smile made Rio smile too. After that, Latifa continued being spoiled by Rio, enjoying her time with her older brother.</p>

      <p>The fight with Saint Erica was to take place the next evening.</p>

      <h2>A Home to Return To</h2>

      <p>Galarc Castle. In the mansion bestowed to Rio by King Francois, shortly after Charlotte and Satsuki began to live there as well...</p>

      <p>The two had their own rooms in the main castle, but after finding it to be a pain to go to and from the mansion every day, they had rooms within the mansion prepared for them.</p>

      <p>However, Charlotte still had to go to the castle for her official duties. Today was another such day.</p>

      <p>“I will be returning to the mansion now,” she said, announcing her departure after completing her usual report.</p>

      <p>“Very well,” Francois agreed with a nod, but—</p>

      <p>“How has living at the mansion been?” he asked her after she had turned around.</p>

      <p>“It’s very fun. Everyone treats me well,” Charlotte immediately replied with a smile.</p>

      <p>“I see. You may go now.” Sensing that her words were genuine, Francois chuckled.</p>

      <p>“Right. If you would excuse me.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte left her father’s office and made her way out of the castle, walking towards the mansion where Rio and the others lived.</p>

      <p>But on the way...</p>

      <p><em>What a fresh feeling.</em></p>

      <p>The mansion where everyone lived was located on the same grounds as the castle. She was just moving through the castle, yet the scenery she saw felt so different. Was it because she lived somewhere else now? For some reason, that feeling filled her with joy. Charlotte smiled softly.</p>

      <p><em>Better get going.</em></p>

      <p>She had been so lost in her emotions, she had stopped walking to enjoy the scenery. Charlotte resumed her journey to the mansion.</p>

      <p>Once she reached the mansion and walked through the front door, she heard lively voices coming from the direction of the kitchen and dining room. It seemed like everyone was gathered in the kitchen. Charlotte proceeded down the corridor in that direction.</p>

      <p>“Welcome home, Char,” Satsuki said, noticing her presence first. The others around her echoed her greeting with “Welcome home, Princess Charlotte.”</p>

      <p>“...” Charlotte blinked,</p>

      <p>“Something wrong, Char? What are you just standing there for?”</p>

      <p>“Oh... I’m just not used to hearing ‘Welcome home’ like this.”</p>

      <p>“Oh, I see. Embarrassed?” Satsuki asked with a grin.</p>

      <p>“Yes. But I’m also pleased. It’s nice to hear that from other people.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte had a sharp, observational eye. That was why she knew that the “welcome home” everyone said to her was because they truly thought it was natural for her to return to this mansion—which was what made her so pleased.</p>

      <p>“I see. But it’d be even nicer if we got to hear some words from you too, Char. Words that should be said in response to someone welcoming you home...” Satsuki continued with a suggestive tone.</p>

      <p>“I’m happy to be home.” Charlotte immediately answered.</p>

      <p>“Yup, it’s great to have you back.” This time, Satsuki was the one to respond shyly. The others also smiled bashfully as they repeated their sentiments.</p>

      <p>“That aside, what are you all gathered in the kitchen for?”</p>

      <p>“We’re making a snack. Everyone was waiting for your return, Char. It just finished cooking, so let’s wash up and eat together.”</p>

      <p>“My, that sounds lovely. I would love to.”</p>

      <p>It was just another day at the mansion.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>