<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 21</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter7">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 7: Calm before the Storm</h1>

      <p>In the capital of Galarc, on the main Beltrum government’s enchanted airship anchored at a lake near the castle...</p>

      <p>“An attack...on Rodania? But you just finished signing an agreement...” Charles gaped in shock.</p>

      <p>“It’s not like we signed a peace treaty. There was nothing in the agreement about nonaggressive acts,” Duke Arbor snorted mockingly.</p>

      <p>“Besides, this is the perfect timing for an attack. They won’t be expecting an attack on their headquarters right after an agreement was made. Now have a seat, Sir Charles,” Reiss said, urging him to sit.</p>

      <p>“Even so... Isn’t this a little hasty?” Charles asked, sitting down beside Duke Arbor.</p>

      <p>“The problem is the regalia Princess Christina took with her. We’ll be no match for her if she uses it to claim the succession to the throne,” Duke Arbor muttered in annoyance.</p>

      <p>“But Rodania is a fortress city.”</p>

      <p>“I am aware of that.”</p>

      <p>“There are multiple lookout forts along the border of the territory. Won’t the city be fortified by the time the fleet arrives? I doubt their reactions will be slow enough to launch a successful surprise attack...” Charles hadn’t acted as a commanding officer for nothing. As soon as he heard the plan to attack Rodania, he listed off the strategic problems that came to mind.</p>

      <p>Enchanted airships could fly at a tremendous speed, but the forts were most likely to be equipped with even faster transmission artifacts. If they detected an approaching enemy, the city would be fortified immediately, so any army they sent in would be met by a direct confrontation. The enemy would probably turn the fight into a siege, causing heavy damages on their side if they tried to force their attack through.</p>

      <p>While invading was certainly something Charles wanted to do, it was no easy feat to make an attack. If it had been easy, they would have done so long ago.</p>

      <p>“Surely you’re not trying to seize the city with sheer resources?” Charles asked, wondering if they were going to attempt to win by making it a war of attrition.</p>

      <p>“We have enough military force prepared, but we have another brilliant plan on top of that,” Duke Arbor said, looking at Reiss.</p>

      <p>“It is my honor to say I was the one who proposed this plan to Duke Arbor.”</p>

      <p>“Mister Reiss... You did? That sounds reassuring... But why?”</p>

      <p>“Because on the off chance Princess Christina makes a comeback in your kingdom, it would be undesirable to me as well. Our many years of effort will go to waste.”</p>

      <p>“That’s... I am most ashamed.”</p>

      <p>“No, it’s all due to the talented subordinates gathered on their side. As a symbol of the friendship between our nations, I was thinking of lending you some of our forces. If you add a certain person to the plan, Rodania will be easily captured,” Reiss said, smiling eerily.</p>

      <p>“Is that force you speak of...” Charles looked at the black-haired boy beside Reiss. The boy had remained silent throughout the entire conversation.</p>

      <p>“Excuse the belated introductions. This is the hero our nation is supporting, Renji Kikuchi.”</p>

      <p>“...Pleasure.” The boy gave a short greeting.</p>

      <p>“So he was a hero after all. I’m Charles Arbor. It’s nice to meet you.”</p>

      <p>Charles had seen several heroes until now, so he was able to guess Renji’s background from his appearance. He stood up and offered his hand for a handshake.</p>

      <p>“Same here.”</p>

      <p>Renji seemed to have no intention of shaking hands, giving a blunt response instead. With his hand held out awkwardly, Charles froze. If he hadn’t known the other was a hero, he would have gotten mad.</p>

      <p>“He’s a man of few words, as you can see. He used to be an adventurer, which is where he earned the nickname of ‘Aloof.’”</p>

      <p>“Ha ha, what a wonderful nickname.” Charles fixed a polite smile at Reiss’s explanation of Renji’s personality.</p>

      <p>“I believe he has the best abilities of all the heroes,” Reiss boasted.</p>

      <p>“Sir Renji will lead Mister Reiss and a small squad in a surprise attack on Rodania’s defense force using his Divine Arms. Once the defenses are demolished by the large-scale attack, the rest of the army will invade at once,” Duke Arbor said, giving the outline of the plan.</p>

      <p>“That sounds promising... But will it really go that well? The most important part of the plan will be left in his hands...”</p>

      <p>Charles seemed to have doubts about adding Renji to the plan, as his words came out rather evasively.</p>

      <p>“Are you apprehensive of using Renji as the key of the plan?”</p>

      <p>Renji frowned in annoyance at Reiss’s question.</p>

      <p>“O-Of course not. I wouldn’t dream of underestimating Sir Renji’s strength as a hero,” Charles said, defending himself in a fluster.</p>

      <p>“In my opinion, most kingdoms place more importance on using their heroes politically. They undervalue the powers of the hero. Because of that, there tends to be reluctance towards using the heroes as a potentially expendable force.”</p>

      <p>“I am aware that the Divine Arms are powerful weapons...”</p>

      <p>“Newly summoned heroes are only able to use upper class to top class attack magic. That makes them quite powerful already, but they’re actually able to attack on an even larger scale as the legends say. Duke Arbor has already witnessed that power,” Reiss said, looking over at Duke Arbor.</p>

      <p>“Indeed I have. I determined that more than adequate results can be expected from him. That is why I agreed to including him in the plan.” Seemingly recalling the time he was shown Renji’s power, Duke Arbor nodded after a subtle pause.</p>

      <p>“The Beltrum Kingdom has a hero as well, but he cannot handle his power that well yet. Thus, I thought of lending Renji,” Reiss said, explaining how he came up with the idea of lending Renji’s power.</p>

      <p>“I get that Sir Renji has a considerable amount of power... But are you sure? Your hero’s safety cannot be guaranteed if he joins our army’s operation.”</p>

      <p>We will not take responsibility if anything happens, Charles implied with his words.</p>

      <p>“It’s what he wants for himself—a chance at more real combat experience, that is. He is aware that all injuries from joining this operation will be his own responsibility.”</p>

      <p>“How brave of him...”</p>

      <p>Silently playing the hero was enough for one to be worshiped by a nation, so voluntarily stepping onto the front lines sounded like quite the whimsical decision. The nation itself normally wouldn’t want to expose the hero to dangers that could risk their lives either—or so Charles thought.</p>

      <p>“I prefer the lifestyle of a mercenary or adventurer over a hero. I don’t want to be treated as some decoration. Just think of me as a skilled mercenary you’ve hired.”</p>

      <p>“I see.”</p>

      <p>From that statement of Renji’s, Charles more or less saw through to his true nature. The fact he called himself a skilled mercenary showed clear confidence in his combat abilities.</p>

      <p>“A man’s honor is to be recognized for his accomplishments. As a fellow man who makes a livelihood off conflict, I share that opinion.”</p>

      <p>Because Charles also had high confidence in himself, he was quite fond of others with similar confidence. Undiscouraged by Renji’s blunt attitude earlier, he extended his hand to Renji with an even brighter smile.</p>

      <p>“Right...”</p>

      <p>Renji remained seated, but returned Charles’s handshake with an annoyed shrug. He immediately released his hand, but Charles was content with that and sat down. With their greetings exchanged, Duke Arbor gave his orders to Charles.</p>

      <p>“The goal of the operation is to gain control of Rodania and secure the regalia Princess Christina pocketed. Thus, the operation will be executed as soon as the princess returns to Rodania. Charles, you will lead a number of Aerial Knights and accompany Sir Renji and Mister Reiss on a reconnaissance mission.”</p>

      <p>“I will be leading a reconnaissance squad? It’s such a small number...”</p>

      <p>Normally, it would be unthinkable for a soldier of high noble status like Charles to be left in charge of a reconnaissance squad. Thus, Charles failed to hide his confusion.</p>

      <p>“I’m giving you a chance to regain your honor. It wouldn’t be a good look to have you lead a large force right after returning from a hostage situation. Reconnaissance within the city will be conducted by mercenaries hired by Mister Reiss. All you have to do is make reports to the main force. Once reconnaissance is done, you can join the attack squad with Sir Renji.”</p>

      <p>In a reproachful tone, Duke Arbor informed Charles of the intention behind assigning him the mission.</p>

      <p>“R-Right. Thank you very much!” Charles accepted in a fluster.</p>

      <p><em>It’s more like he wants him to supervise us. </em>Reiss guessed at the true reason for Duke Arbor’s order. Duke Arbor was an extremely cautious person. He also had his wits about him. Reiss didn’t expect him to trust them fully from the beginning.</p>

      <p>In spite of that, Duke Arbor was including Reiss in the operation. That was just how much of an eyesore Christina with the regalia was. Besides, if Renji failed at the attack, he could just retreat his troops, resulting in little risk for Duke Arbor.</p>

      <p>“Reconnaissance and surprise are the key elements of this operation. Sir Renji has demonstrated his power already. You can assume victory is safe on our side.”</p>

      <p>His desire for his son to succeed seemed genuine. Duke Arbor encouraged Charles with his words.</p>

      <p>“We will be working behind the scenes for this mission. The success of the surprise attack will be attributed entirely to Sir Charles. Consider it a congratulatory gift on your release.”</p>

      <p>“I am undeserving...”</p>

      <p>When Reiss generously offered to pass on the merit, Charles bowed his head quietly.</p>

      <p>“No, no, please accept.”</p>

      <p>With a friendly smile, Reiss shook his head.</p>

      <p><em>Haruto Amakawa. After becoming a transcendent one, will he remain a man of mere records, or will he intervene for the sake of his former comrades? I will use this battle to find out.</em></p>

      <p>The only one who knew the true goal behind the attack on Rodania was Reiss.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>“We’ll be going, then.”</p>

      <p>The next morning, Celia was to depart for Rodania with her father Roland and the rest of Christina’s company. She exchanged goodbyes with Miharu, Latifa, and the others in front of the Galarc Castle, accompanied by Roland beside her.</p>

      <p>“I am blessed as a parent to know that my daughter has so many wonderful friends. I had a lovely time with you all last night too. Please continue to look after my daughter.”</p>

      <p>Roland bowed his head deeply at the residents of the mansion as well. He had been invited to stay at the mansion after the agreement was signed yesterday. Celia had introduced him to everyone, and they held a humble party to get him acquainted with everyone.</p>

      <p>“We’ll probably be back in one or two weeks. See you then,” Celia said with an embarrassed grin.</p>

      <p>“See you, Celia.”</p>

      <p>“Take care.”</p>

      <p>“Everyone will be waiting for your return.”</p>

      <p>“Let’s have another tea party!”</p>

      <p>Latifa squeezed Celia’s hands. Miharu, Satsuki, and Charlotte stepped forward and offered their words of farewell.</p>

      <p>“Thank you. Sara’s group will be coming with us, so we’ll be fine.”</p>

      <p>Indeed, it had been decided that Sara, Orphia, and Alma would be going as Celia’s guards. Gouki and Kayoko would remain at the castle to guard Miharu and the rest.</p>

      <p>“Let’s meet again, Count Roland.”</p>

      <p>“I will be looking forward to the day I see you again, Sir Gouki.”</p>

      <p>Gouki and Roland exchanged a handshake. The two had hit it off over drinks last night.</p>

      <p>“We shouldn’t keep Princess Christina waiting, so we’ll be going now. See you all soon!”</p>

      <p>If they departed from the Galarc Kingdom in the morning, they’d reach Rodania before sunset. Thus, Celia and Roland departed for Rodania together.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>While Celia and the others were exchanging greetings, Rio and Sora hovered in the skies far above the Galarc Castle. They watched as Celia and Roland headed for the castle gate, while Miharu and the others returned to the mansion.</p>

      <p><em>It seems like Celia’s going to Rodania. Sara, Orphia, and Alma will be going along as her guards.</em></p>

      <p>A telepathic message from Aishia arrived. She had descended in her spirit form, staying just out of detection range of the spirit folk girls’ spirits while watching everything play out from above.</p>

      <p><em>Then they’ll be splitting up as expected. Sora and I will go to Rodania.</em></p>

      <p>They had decided on that in advance. If his friends ever split up, Aishia would protect one group in her spirit form, while Rio and Sora would protect the other. Being in spirit form saved energy and removed the need for accommodation, so it was ideal for Aishia to move around alone. If the girls with contract spirits were heading for Rodania, then it was better for Aishia to remain in the Galarc Castle.</p>

      <p><em>Got it. Leave them to me.</em></p>

      <p>Thus, it was officially decided that Rio and Aishia would split up for the time being.</p>

      <p><em>Thanks. Do you remember where the masks are located?</em></p>

      <p><em>Yup, don’t worry.</em></p>

      <p>Aishia couldn’t wear a mask in her spirit form, so they had hidden them away in preparation.</p>

      <p><em>Then we’ll be going now.</em></p>

      <p>With that, Rio turned to Sora. “Let’s go, Sora.”</p>

      <p>“Okay!”</p>

      <p>Sora seemed to be happy to be grouped with Rio, as she gave her energetic reply with a grin that bared her cute canine teeth.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>It was early afternoon, a few hours before the sun would start moving downwards.</p>

      <p>Three Japanese people were gathered in a single room of the Rodania town hall.</p>

      <p>One was the Restoration’s hero, Sakata Hiroaki. Another was Saiki Rei, who fled from Beltrum Kingdom to join the Restoration, and the other was his underclassman, Murakumo Kouta.</p>

      <p>There was one more person in the room—a girl who was born and raised in this world. The daughter of one of the Beltrum Kingdom’s three ducal families: Roanna Fontaine.</p>

      <p>The four had been focused on a certain task for some time now.</p>

      <p>“The first light novel of this world. We’re finally halfway through, Hiroaki!” Rei said excitedly, casting his eyes over the text written on a piece of paper.</p>

      <p>Indeed, the four were working on the first light novel of this world together. Hiroaki was the author, coming up with the story and penning it in Japanese, while Rei and Roanna were editors that translated the text into this world’s language. Kouta was in charge of drawing the requested illustrations. Like this, they had finally completed roughly half of a single volume.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. We didn’t give any thought to what we’re gonna do after it’s written, but it’s been real fun. Writing the analog way with a paper and pen ain’t so bad either.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki placed his pen on the table, looking over the creation process thoughtfully.</p>

      <p>“I agree. It’s kind of like a school club. Do people also make <em>doujinshi </em>like this?”</p>

      <p>“Maybe...” Hiroaki nodded awkwardly at Rei’s earnest excitement.</p>

      <p>“Thanks for your help too, Roanna. You’ve been doing the translation and checking whether it matches the general knowledge of this world the entire time.”</p>

      <p>He thanked Roanna for her assistance in the light novel’s creation, having done all her tasks until now without a single frown or complaint.</p>

      <p>Roanna paused her pen and smiled gracefully. “I’m just happy to see you enjoying yourself, Sir Hiroaki.”</p>

      <p>Feeling truly grateful for her devotion and understanding attitude—</p>

      <p>“Uuh... You know, once we’re done with this, we should do something together,” Hiroaki said awkwardly.</p>

      <p>“Oh? Feeling flirty, Hiroaki?” Rei grinned.</p>

      <p>“Shut it. You should take Rosa on a date too.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, yeah.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki and Rei bantered with each other. Rei was officially considered Hiroaki’s aide, placing him in a lower position than the hero, but the two were both Japanese people with similar interests, so they were more like a close school senior and junior.</p>

      <p>“You should get a girlfriend too, Kouta. How about that Mikaela girl?”</p>

      <p>It was at that moment that Hiroaki recalled Kouta and asked after his romantic status. Mikaela was one of Rosa’s friends whom Rei had introduced to Hiroaki once.</p>

      <p>“It’s none of your business. I don’t have time for it anyway. I study, train, then draw illustrations for you.”</p>

      <p>“I see you’re as stubborn as ever. I’m paying you for every image, so you should have the money to play around. Go and have fun.”</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing I want to buy with that money.”</p>

      <p>“Then go and take Mikaela out on a date.”</p>

      <p>“Hiroaki, this guy still hasn’t gotten over having his heart broken.”</p>

      <p>“Aha.”</p>

      <p>“Yeah, say what you want,” Kouta nodded apathetically, focused on his drawing.</p>

      <p>Just then, a knight entered through the open door.</p>

      <p>“Excuse me, Lady Roanna.”</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina and Princess Flora have returned from the kingdom of Galarc.”</p>

      <p>“I see. Then I must go greet them. Sir Hiroaki...”</p>

      <p>Roanna looked at Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“Sure, go ahead. We’ll be fine over here.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki waved her off without waiting to hear her full sentence.</p>

      <p>“Okay. Then if you’d excuse me.”</p>

      <p>With a curtsy, Roanna stood up and followed the knight out. This left the three Japanese people in the room.</p>

      <p>“Man, that Roanna sure is a good girl. And she’s so cute. Don’t you think, Kouta?” Rei asked.</p>

      <p>“Yes, she really is,” complimented Kouta.</p>

      <p>“Well, yeah.” Although he seemed a little shy about it, Hiroaki nodded proudly.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>While the enchanted airship with Christina and Celia aboard was arriving at Rodania, Charles and the rest of the reconnaissance squad were on standby next to a spring inside the forest beside the city.</p>

      <p>The squad led by Charles consisted of five people from the Beltrum Kingdom’s army and six mercenaries prepared by Reiss, including Renji and Reiss himself, making a total of twelve. It was a small squad, but they all had griffins to maximize their mobility.</p>

      <p>However, there were only six people by the spring right now, including Charles. They had set up camp here yesterday in order to conduct their reconnaissance on Rodania. Charles and the Beltrum soldiers stood out in their army uniforms, so the plan was to have the mercenaries infiltrate Rodania as soon as Christina arrived.</p>

      <p>The ship that Christina was on board had returned to Rodania roughly one hour ago. After confirming the airship’s landing on the water, Reiss had taken Renji and headed for Rodania, leaving only the members of the Beltrum army by the spring.</p>

      <p>“Sorry to keep you waiting.”</p>

      <p>Reiss returned with Renji and the other mercenaries dressed as adventurers.</p>

      <p>“Oh, Mister Reiss!”</p>

      <p>Bored with waiting around idly, Charles stood up in excitement.</p>

      <p>“The airship just now indeed had Princess Christina on board,” Reiss said as he took off his hood. Renji and the other mercenaries also removed their hoods.</p>

      <p>“Then...” The time to repay his humiliation was almost here. Charles was overjoyed.</p>

      <p>“Yes, please give your report to the main forces.”</p>

      <p>“Very well. The sun will be setting soon. It would be better to attack tomorrow morning.”</p>

      <p>“I agree.”</p>

      <p>At Reiss’s nod, Charles eagerly picked up his pen. He then wrote down the following on the paper on the table:</p>

      <p><em>Please send the main forces to invade Rodania tomorrow morning. Once they arrive, we will make a surprise attack to shake the enemy as planned.</em></p>

      <p>“You two. Return to the main forces and bring this letter to Father.”</p>

      <p>Charles took the letter and handed it to two of his subordinate knights.</p>

      <p>“Yes, sir!”</p>

      <p>The two Aerial Knights saluted him quietly, then mounted their griffins and departed for the main forces in the next territory over.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>