<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 21</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter5_1"><div class="main">
      <p>“Suzune and I often rode the same bus—which is a means of transport like a horse and carriage—in our past lives,” Liselotte explained. “We rode it so often, we could recognize each other’s faces. And there was one more passenger who often rode that bus with us...”</p>

      <p>“The gentleman named Amakawa Haruto?” Charlotte asked, jumping straight to the conclusion.</p>

      <p>“Yes.”</p>

      <p>“There’s one thing I’d like to confirm first. You said you weren’t friends with Lady Suzune in your past life, so how did you come to realize your past lives were from the same world?”</p>

      <p>“Our reunion in this world was a coincidence... But it was partially caused by my naming of the Ricca Guild’s products after items in our past world. We realized we were vaguely acquainted with each other when we both mentioned how we died in a bus crash. That allowed us to connect the dots,” Liselotte said, wrapping up her explanation.</p>

      <p>“That makes it even harder to dismiss this as a coincidence. Wouldn’t you agree, Father?”</p>

      <p>“Indeed...”</p>

      <p>“All that leaves is the matter of whether Liselotte and Lady Suzune’s Amakawa Haruto is the same as Lady Miharu’s Amakawa Haruto. In fact, if Liselotte and Lady Suzune were reborn into this world, then it’s possible that he was reborn here as well. And if he was reborn here, he could be the Haruto Amakawa mentioned in our records...”</p>

      <p>“...” The entire group held their breaths.</p>

      <p>“So, what do you say, Lady Miharu?” Charlotte asked once again. “You should have been placed under the protection of Haruto Amakawa soon after arriving in this world.”</p>

      <p>“That’s—right. Yes, I was... Someone was protecting me... Someone... I... Haruto...”</p>

      <p>Miharu searched through her memories, but the look in her eyes grew more vacant as time passed. Before long, her entire mind was in a dazed state—but she didn’t want to lose her train of thought. She grabbed desperately at the memories that were rapidly fading away to retain them, when she clutched her head as a sharp pain ran through it.</p>

      <p>“Urk?!” she groaned.</p>

      <p>Immediately after...</p>

      <p><em>Stop, don’t force yourself to remember.</em></p>

      <p>...a panicked voice spoke to Miharu directly in her head.</p>

      <p>“Miharu!”</p>

      <p>“You okay?!”</p>

      <p>Everyone called Miharu’s name worriedly. Satsuki, who was seated beside her, touched her on the shoulder. At that, Miharu slowly raised her head, her headache fading as quickly as it came on.</p>

      <p>“Umm... I can’t remember,” she said, blinking away her daze.</p>

      <p>Seeing Miharu’s reaction, Charlotte seemed to realize something with her natural intuition. “That settles it, Father,” she said to Francois proudly.</p>

      <p>“Settles what?” Francois asked, puzzled. Her normally wise father was being oddly slow on the uptake. That was the first thought that occurred to Charlotte, who then decided to put her realization into words.</p>

      <p>“You know...about Haruto Amakawa...” But as she started speaking, she found herself stumbling for words.</p>

      <p>“What’s the matter, Charlotte?”</p>

      <p>“Oh... What was I trying to say again?”</p>

      <p>The rest of her sentence completely slipped her mind. She had no memory of what she was just trying to say. She recalled saying something about Haruto Amakawa’s record of achievements, but...</p>

      <p>“I’ll investigate this a bit more.”</p>

      <p>“Very well...”</p>

      <p>Thus, their productive discussions ended there. However, everyone in the room felt the same indescribable feeling, as though they had forgotten something unnaturally...</p>

      <p>That indescribable feeling lingered around them.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>After Francois had left for the castle, Charlotte called out the names of two people before the rest of the group disbanded.</p>

      <p>“Oh yes, there was one more thing I had to say,” she said. “To Princess Lilianna and Lady Celia.”</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“Firstly, Princess Lilianna. Your letter has been sent to the Centostella Kingdom. We can expect a reply within a week.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for going to such trouble. I appreciate it greatly.”</p>

      <p>Charlotte smiled at Lilianna. “Not at all. Next, Lady Celia...”</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“The Restoration has sent a messenger. Princess Christina and Princess Flora will be arriving here tomorrow.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the notice. That’s right, the conference with the main government of Beltrum Kingdom is coming up soon. In another five days, if I recall correctly...”</p>

      <p>Christina had asked Celia whether she was willing to attend the meeting. The strife with Greille had completely wiped the thought from her head.</p>

      <p>Restoration and the Beltrum Kingdom were both participating in the meeting. There was no way of changing the schedule. At worst, she might have had to pass on participating in the meeting, but they had fortunately returned with enough time to spare.</p>

      <p>“I’m thinking of discussing what’s happening to us with Princess Christina and Princess Flora. I will show them to this mansion when they arrive, but will you have time to meet with us?”</p>

      <p>“Of course.”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, Sara marched briskly up to the window and threw the curtains open. They were currently on the ground floor. When she looked out the glass window, she could see the guards patrolling nearby. The guards had noticed her opening the curtain and were looking back at her.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, Sara?” Celia asked.</p>

      <p>“I thought there was someone there...but it seems I was mistaken.” Sara nodded at the guards in greeting then turned back to Celia. However, she was certain she had sensed someone there.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Sora was standing on the roof of the mansion. When their group returned to the Galarc Castle, Rio had relocated his group to the city outskirts. Sora was infiltrating the castle grounds under Rio’s orders, observing what kind of effect the memory loss had on everyone. She had been watching Charlotte give her report earlier, but she quickly retreated to the roof when the patrolling guards came by.</p>

      <p><em>Hmm... They’re unable to recall anything. When they reach the verge of recalling something, they immediately forget it once again. There’s no defying the correction of the world.</em></p>

      <p>Over and over, the world would correct itself... That was the fate of the transcendent ones. That was how it had been for the past thousand—and more—years, unchanging throughout time.</p>

      <p><em>The moment the Dragon King uses a new transcendent power, everyone forgets about him once again.</em></p>

      <p>Sora looked up at the sky sadly. Her gaze was locked onto Rio, staring down at the ground from where he floated high above.</p>

      <p><em>Right now, Sora is the only one who can remember the Dragon King forever...</em></p>

      <p>That’s what she had thought, but Rio currently had Aishia beside him. She was wearing a mask to prevent her spirit presence from being detected.</p>

      <p><em>F-Fine, maybe there’s Aishia as well...</em></p>

      <p>Sora puffed up her cheeks in a pout.</p>

      <p><em>Sora can’t keep him waiting. Time to head back.</em></p>

      <p>She quickly ascended to where Rio and Aishia were waiting.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>The next afternoon, as planned, Christina and Flora arrived at the Galarc Castle. Charlotte led them to the mansion where Miharu and the others were living, and they met Celia in a parlor to talk. After Celia exchanged ecstatic greetings with the princesses of her homeland, they sat down facing each other. Charlotte was seated beside Celia.</p>

      <p>“I was shocked when I heard you went to the battlefield, Professor. I’m so glad to see you’re unharmed,” Flora said first, sighing in relief.</p>

      <p>“I was there, but I remained at the rear the entire time. The war ended before I knew it, so I’m perfectly fine, as you can see.”</p>

      <p>“Princess Charlotte gave us a brief summary on our way here. She said everyone was experiencing some kind of strange memory loss.” Christina looked at Celia curiously. It was hard to imagine standing on a battlefield with no idea who the opponent was. She wanted to hear the opinion of her teacher firsthand.</p>

      <p>“It’s true. I honestly have no idea what happened...”</p>

      <p>“Does that mean you’ve lost your memories too, Professor?”</p>

      <p>Celia nodded hesitantly. “So it seems...”</p>

      <p>“As I explained on the way here, there’s something we’d like to ask the two of you regarding this incident as well. If you don’t mind?”</p>

      <p>“Of course, go ahead.”</p>

      <p>Christina agreed to Charlotte’s proposal. And so, she got straight to the point.</p>

      <p>“Now then...”</p>

      <p>With that preface, Charlotte began to tell Christina and Flora exactly what she had said at the group meeting just yesterday. That was, that there was evidence of two people having existed, but no one possessed any memory of them.</p>

      <p>“I see...” Christina thought to herself with a faraway look.</p>

      <p>“I want to ask the two of you about someone named Haruto Amakawa. According to our records, this person has been heavily involved with the two of you as well. For example, he rescued Lady Celia from her wedding with Charles Arbor at Princess Christina’s order, and he also escorted Princess Charlotte and Lady Celia from Cleia to Rodania. Princess Flora should have had several opportunities to witness his feats as well... Does any of this sound familiar?” Charlotte asked, looking between the two Beltrum princesses one after another.</p>

      <p>“No... I have no memory of giving out such an order,” Christina replied, blinking blankly. In a way, it was only natural for her to have no memories of that. After all, she truly hadn’t done such a thing. Christina had merely used that as an explanation in order to shift the responsibility of Celia’s abduction onto herself.</p>

      <p>“I also do not recall traveling with such a person on the way from Cleia to Rodania. After meeting up with Professor Celia in Cleia, we received the assistance of Sara, Orphia, and Alma in order to reach our destination...”</p>

      <p>Like the others, Christina’s memories had become unclear.</p>

      <p>“That is what Lady Celia and Lady Sara’s group said as well. However, none of them have the memory of driving back the King’s Sword Alfred Emerle by themselves,” Charlotte said, noting the inconsistency in their memories with the records that existed.</p>

      <p>“That’s...true...” Christina replied falteringly. She attempted to recall what had happened in regard to that, but...</p>

      <p>“That’s strange. No matter how hard I try, I can’t recall who defeated Alfred. I see, so this is what you meant by missing memories.”</p>

      <p>As the saying went, seeing is believing. With this, Christina experienced the strange phenomenon that was occurring firsthand.</p>

      <p>Flora cocked her head curiously. “I don’t know that person either...”</p>

      <p>“My memories of when I was abducted from the wedding at the capital are unclear as well. I also wanted to ask—Princess Christina, would you happen to know the reason why I’m in Galarc in the first place, when I’m meant to be a member of the Restoration?”</p>

      <p>Celia looked frustrated at how little she knew about her own situation.</p>

      <p>“That’s... I was in attendance at your wedding. I recall a hooded figure gallantly whisking you away from the ceremony, but nothing else... And the reason why you were sent to Galarc was because of your friendship with Sara and Miharu’s circle...”</p>

      <p>Something was odd. She had given the first reason that came to her mind, but it seemed strangely weak to be the motive. Celia’s talents as a sorcerer were exceptional. It would have made sense if she had been relocated for a special role, but she was too valuable to leave wandering freely.</p>

      <p>“Right... I’ve spoken to Miharu and Sara’s group about this, but none of us have any idea how we met in the first place. The more we discussed it, the more our memories got mixed up.”</p>

      <p>Celia sighed tiredly. There had been countless discussions held since their memories first became vague.</p>

      <p>“There are other similar events happening as well. The honorary knight Haruto Amakawa aside, no one can remember anything about the hero named Erica either. It’s clearly an unnatural situation, yet the great majority are unconcerned about it, making it even more abnormal. It’s almost as though our thoughts are being controlled.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed... The more I think about this, the heavier the fog in my mind gets. It’s almost like my brain doesn’t want to think about it...” Christina said slowly, objectively analyzing her own thinking process.</p>

      <p>Charlotte beamed in delight. “I’m glad to hear that from you. From my investigations, the majority of people don’t share that opinion.”</p>

      <p>“Really?”</p>

      <p>“There’s no way of confirming if our thoughts are truly being controlled or not, but the majority of people seem to think there’s nothing wrong with missing memories. Some have even expressed doubt that such people existed in the first place, and others have forgotten the fact they’re missing memories. This seems to be more common with those who were less connected. It seems we were deeply connected with Haruto Amakawa, as we recognize this abnormal situation for what it is. But if we let our guard down, we could also be at risk of forgetting this investigation.”</p>

      <p>“Is it possible that some kind of large-scale sorcery has been used to control our thoughts...?” Christina asked, looking at Celia.</p>

      <p>“I’ve considered that possibility, but the range of the effect is so vast, it’s impossible. I’ve checked if we’ve been hit by any strange sorcery, but I couldn’t detect anything...”</p>

      <p>“How odd... It’s almost like someone’s trying to erase the two of them from history,” Flora mumbled.</p>

      <p>“Yes, exactly. As if there’s an unseen divine power at play.”</p>

      <p>“That sounds like the only option—but you seem oddly pleased about it.” Seeing Charlotte as excited as a child given a toy box made Christina smile with a hint of exasperation.</p>

      <p>“Because we rarely ever experience anything this fascinating. What kind of relation did this person have with us? The more the truth tries to hide itself, the more curious I get,” Charlotte said, highlighting her inherent curiosity. The other three chuckled even more at that. On top of that...</p>

      <p>“I agree. Everyone else said the same too. We’re all curious. It feels like we’ve forgotten something we shouldn’t have forgotten...”</p>

      <p>Celia felt the same as Charlotte. Her strong will shimmered in her eyes heatedly. She didn’t know why, but perhaps the loss of memory hadn’t completely erased her emotions.</p>

      <p>“At any rate, we have no choice but to continue investigations. Princess Christina, could I trouble you to search through Rodania’s documents when you return home?”</p>

      <p>“I’d be glad to. Especially since it seems we’re indebted to this person,” Christina agreed readily.</p>

      <p>“In that case, please accept this. And keep it on you at all times.” Charlotte placed a brooch on the table.</p>

      <p>“What is it?”</p>

      <p>“A countermeasure for memory loss. I’ve written down my request on the paper inside. I’ve prepared one for Princess Flora as well, so you can both take these with you.”</p>

      <p>This way, even if they forgot, they’d be able to recall Charlotte’s request by looking at the paper.</p>

      <p>“I see... We’ll accept this gratefully.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for the consideration.”</p>

      <p>Christina and Flora softly picked up the brooches.</p>

      <p>“This was all I had to discuss. If there’s anything you wished to discuss with Lady Celia, please go ahead.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll keep this brief. It’s about the meeting with Duke Arbor.”</p>

      <p>“It’s only four days away now.”</p>

      <p>“We’re very likely to return the hostages as planned, so I intend on bringing up the treatment of the Count Claire family as one of our exchange conditions. Count Claire will also be in attendance.”</p>

      <p>“Thank you for making the arrangements.”</p>

      <p>“Not at all. First, I wanted to make one last check on your thoughts of attending.”</p>

      <p>“I don’t have any other plans, so I can attend.”</p>

      <p>It was one of the few opportunities to meet her father in public, and it was over a matter involving her own family. Celia gave her answer resolutely.</p>

      <p>“Then, second... With the discussion we’ve just had in mind, we plan on interrogating Alfred and Charles one last time. Would you like to attend that? This invitation extends to you too, Princess Charlotte.”</p>

      <p>The discussion they’d just had probably referred to the memory loss phenomenon. There had been a fight that caused Alfred and Charles to be captured. It seemed like she wanted to hear their account of events before they were returned.</p>

      <p>“I have no reason to refuse,” Charlotte replied. As someone investigating Haruto Amakawa, it was in her interests to attend.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Celia had a rather complicated past with Charles. She had been practically threatened into an engagement with him, which was then scrapped when she was abducted from the wedding ceremony. Even though her memories around the incident were vague, she still remembered wanting to break off the engagement of her own will at the very last moment before they were married. Charles would inevitably be enraged to hear this truth.</p>

      <p>That was why she hadn’t stood in front of Charles as Celia Claire since the day their marriage was scrapped. But if she wanted to continue living as Celia Claire, then she had to face him someday. It was something to ascertain after the meeting with Duke Arbor.</p>

      <p>“Yes. Please let me attend.” Celia clenched her fists and nodded.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>One hour later, while Flora remained in the mansion to give her greetings to Miharu and everyone, Christina, Charlotte, and Celia headed for the foreign guest house of the Galarc Castle. They went through the lobby and down a corridor, where they were promptly met by someone who had heard of their arrival.</p>

      <p>“Good day to you, Princess Christina, Princess Charlotte, and Celia,” Duke Huguenot said, bowing his head reverently.</p>

      <p>“We’re about to question Alfred and Charles,” Christina informed him shortly.</p>

      <p>“Is that so? I can accompany you if you so wish, but...” Duke Huguenot glanced at Celia. He seemed to guess that they were there to allow Celia to meet Charles.</p>

      <p>“We won’t be discussing anything important, so you may prioritize your own duties.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. Then I will return to my duties.”</p>

      <p>All the necessary interrogations had already been conducted. Duke Huguenot seemed to see no need to accompany them any further, so he proceeded to excuse himself.</p>

      <p>“This way.”</p>

      <p>Led by Christina, Celia and Charlotte climbed the stairs. They arrived before a room on the top floor, then entered with two of their guards.</p>

      <p>“Princess Christina! What a surprise.”</p>

      <p>Several knights, including Vanessa, were inside the room, and they all straightened at the sight of the girls entering.</p>

      <p>“We’re here to question the two of them. Take us in.”</p>

      <p>“Understood.”</p>

      <p>They were currently located in the living room of the suite on the top floor of the foreign guest house. Vanessa opened the door to the bedroom.</p>

      <p>“Brother, you’re wanted for questioning,” she said to Alfred Emerle within. Although Charles and Alfred were prisoners, they were still nobles of the Beltrum Kingdom. Instead of being thrown into a musty dungeon, they were kept under guarded house arrest in this suite.</p>

      <p>Their magic was sealed with cuffs around their wrists, and the shackles around their feet prevented them from running around.</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>Alfred had been reading a book, but he moved to the living room as directed.</p>

      <p>“Sit,” Christina ordered as soon as he left the room.</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Highness...”</p>

      <p>Alfred’s eyes widened at the sight of Celia beside Christina, but he obediently obeyed the order and sat down.</p>

      <p>“I will call for Charles.”</p>

      <p>Vanessa turned and headed for the other bedroom, summoning him to the living room as well.</p>

      <p>“What, do you still have something to—Celia?!”</p>

      <p>Charles arrived with a fed-up attitude towards the interrogation, but expressed his shock upon seeing Celia in the living room.</p>

      <p>Celia took a small breath and bowed. “Long time no see, Sir Charles.”</p>

      <p>“So you were a traitor all along...”</p>

      <p>Charles frowned bitterly. He made no attempt to hide his displeasure, instead turning it into an emotional blade pointed at Celia.</p>

      <p>“Sit.”</p>

      <p>“Sit? How dare you! Who do you think I am?!”</p>

      <p>Charles snapped at Vanessa for giving him an order. Then, as if he thought that even that anger should be taken out on Celia—</p>

      <p>“This is a grave matter,” he spat, glaring at Celia.</p>

      <p>“What is?” Christina asked calmly.</p>

      <p>“I’m talking about the Count Claire family’s betrayal. Both during the wedding, and at Cleia. Though I thought it was just the father that was colluding with the Restoration.”</p>

      <p>“That’s an odd claim to make. Whom exactly did Professor Celia betray?”</p>

      <p>“Me! The Duke Arbor family! She was a shameless bitch under that innocent face, fooling me until the day of our wedding. Trampling on my kindness in accepting an old hag for a wife like this!” Charles snapped, criticizing Celia’s choices with harsh words.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Although Celia frowned, she remained silent.</p>

      <p>“How unsightly,” Charlotte muttered with a sigh.</p>

      <p>Charles was startled. “Wh-What?”</p>

      <p>“Hmm? Did you say something?” Charlotte cocked her head cheerfully, feigning ignorance.</p>

      <p>Christina mirrored Charlotte, tilting her head diagonally with a curious look. “She pledged loyalty to the First Princess who lamented for the future of the kingdom and offered her life. How is that a betrayal?”</p>

      <p>“H...How isn’t it a betrayal? We nobles are to pledge loyalty to the King and kingdom! Not the First Princess! Thus, both this woman and you are no more than rebels against the King and kingdom!” Charles argued heatedly.</p>

      <p>Christina smiled with cold contempt. “How amusing. I didn’t imagine those words coming from someone who has been trying to seize control of the kingdom from the king they clearly despise.”</p>

      <p>“My actions were made out of consideration for the king and kingdom! When the gutless Huguenot gained power, our kingdom lost territory to the Proxia Empire. His Majesty and Huguenot underestimated Proxia’s power! That’s why—”</p>

      <p>“Nevertheless, that doesn’t justify how you sold out the kingdom.”</p>

      <p>“S-Sold...out...?!”</p>

      <p>Charles frowned in displeasure at Christina’s words, which overlapped with his.</p>

      <p>“I agree with Princess Christina. The actions of the Duke Arbor family have been an attack on the kingdom itself. That’s why I decided to join the Restoration in support of Princess Christina.”</p>

      <p>Celia expressed her feelings, conveying her opposition to Charles clearly.</p>

      <p>“You...!”</p>

      <p>“That’s enough. I’ve heard enough of your side,” Christina said, interrupting Charles once more.</p>

      <p>“Then what did you call me out for?!” Charles snapped irritably.</p>

      <p>“It’s about the events leading to your capture here. Do you recall whom you lost to?”</p>

      <p>“What are you saying...?”</p>

      <p>Charles shot her a skeptical glare, but then looked more confused as he processed the question. Seated beside him in silence, Alfred looked equally puzzled.</p>

      <p>“Alfred.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>“Do you recall who you fought and lost to, and how you were taken prisoner in the first place?” Christina asked, looking straight at Alfred.</p>

      <p>Alfred paused for a long moment, then shook his head. “No, I do not.”</p>

      <p>He didn’t seem to be lying. The confusion was clear on his face.</p>

      <p>“I see... Princess Charlotte, do you have any follow-up questions?”</p>

      <p>“No, I’ve heard enough.”</p>

      <p>“Then, Vanessa, you may show them back to their rooms.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. This way, brother.” Vanessa bowed her head deeply, then escorted Alfred and Charles back to their bedrooms one after another.</p>
    </div>
  </section>
</body>
</html>