<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 21</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter1">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 1: Lost Memories, Lingering Feelings</h1>

      <p>Two powers beyond human understanding collided with each other.</p>

      <p>One was a tidal wave of earth that overturned the land. The other was a surge of light that swallowed the land. The former was released by the upper high class spirit of earth possessing Erica, while the latter was released by Rio and Aishia’s combined powers. Neither side should have had an advantage over the other. The two powers were meant to be equal.</p>

      <p>Yet, there was something strange going on. Something abnormal. A phenomenon of an absurd scale had happened right there, yet all traces of it were gone. The scenery was completely normal, as though the cataclysm had never occurred at all. There were no signs of turbulence in the ode and mana in the air either.</p>

      <p>However, none of that mattered to the group, currently standing around with an extreme sense of discomfort.</p>

      <p>“Wait... Who was that fighting over there?” Latifa asked uneasily.</p>

      <p>This was the source of the unsettling feeling everyone was experiencing. They couldn’t recall whose fight they had just been watching; they had no memories of it.</p>

      <p>Who had been fighting, and why?</p>

      <p>They couldn’t remember. In fact, they didn’t even know if someone <em>had</em> been fighting in the first place. They couldn’t even tell if they had forgotten, or if they just didn’t know.</p>

      <p>One moment, they were watching two forces collide with each other in the distance. In the next moment, it was as though nothing had happened at all.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Celia, Miharu, Liselotte, Satsuki, Sara, Orphia, Alma, Charlotte, Gouki, Kayoko, and Aria were all unable to answer Latifa’s question. Even if they had wanted to, they were unable to give the name of the person who had been fighting.</p>

      <p>They were unable to recall their memories from before the fight had started. When they tried to recall what had happened, they found their minds as blank as a canvas.</p>

      <p>It was as though time had stopped—no, it was as though time had skipped forward.</p>

      <p>The group stood on the bank of the lake, unable to comprehend what they had just witnessed.</p>

      <p><em>Why...?</em> they all wondered to themselves.</p>

      <p>They had seen powers collide in the distance, so there <em>should </em>have been someone fighting, but all they could remember was a torrent of light swallowing the tsunami of earth before everything disappeared. And at that exact point in time, a portion of their memories had been cleanly erased...or so it seemed.</p>

      <p>It was like they had been watching a dream, then woke up unable to remember the details.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>Everyone had frustrated expressions on their faces.</p>

      <p><em>Why?</em></p>

      <p>They didn’t know who had been fighting, yet they couldn’t get that moment out of their mind. Something deep in their hearts was protesting. They wanted to know who it was.</p>

      <p>That was why their feet moved of their own accord. Each person in the group started walking towards where their gazes had been locked earlier, as though they were being lured forward.</p>

      <p>“Halt,” King Francois commanded, implicitly questioning their intentions.</p>

      <p>“...” The group turned around, unsure of how to respond. Part of the reason was because he was the king, but everyone had been rushing to move without even looking at each other. For some reason, they all felt the impulse to go to where the fight had taken place. They weren’t moving rationally.</p>

      <p>“We need to investigate what happened over there. It makes sense to send the skilled people that have gathered here,” Charlotte said, explaining their motives to her father cleverly.</p>

      <p>“That may be true, but...” Francois recognized the need to investigate the situation. He too wished to know what had happened over there. The reason why he had stopped them was because he felt uneasy about sending them all into the unknown. There was no guarantee the fight was over. He couldn’t give the order to march forward so easily.</p>

      <p>If they were to send an investigation team, it would be preferable to select a handful of experts. There was no need to send out people with no combat ability. The first people that came to Francois’s mind were Gouki and Kayoko, but—</p>

      <p>“Please give us your permission to go.”</p>

      <p>“Please!”</p>

      <p>The first ones to step forward were Celia and Miharu. They had desperate looks on their faces, yearning to leave as soon as possible.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” Francois hesitated. He knew that Celia was an excellent sorcerer, but if he had to make a choice, he’d prefer to send Gouki and Kayoko as scouts. Of course, Miharu was completely out of the question.</p>

      <p>“I’m going too!”</p>

      <p>“Us too.”</p>

      <p>Latifa also offered her company. Sara, Orphia, and Alma exchanged looks with each other before echoing her words.</p>

      <p>“Please let us go, Your Majesty.” The hero, Satsuki, also asked to go.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...” From his position as king, Francois definitely didn’t want to send the nation’s precious hero into the aftermath of a battle. There was no telling what dangers lay ahead. But if he truly believed that, then why was Satsuki here in the first place?</p>

      <p><em>I must have brought Lady Satsuki here at her request... Wait, was that really why? Was that what happened? Wasn’t there another reason...?</em></p>

      <p>Francois couldn’t recall the reason why he’d brought Satsuki to the battlefield anymore. Thus, he hesitated to make a rational decision.</p>

      <p>However, he was just as confused as everyone else by the sudden situation. He couldn’t remember the things he should’ve had memories of. Nevertheless, he had a vague feeling that something important had happened—the same feeling that was spurring the others into action.</p>

      <p>“It’s the personal request of the hero, Father,” Charlotte added, hoping to persuade Francois. An intelligent royal like Charlotte knew perfectly well that such words had no persuasive power. She also knew how little necessity there was to send everyone here to investigate. Yet despite that—</p>

      <p>“For some reason, I feel the urge to head over there as well. I wish to know the reason why. Would you please give us your permission to go?”</p>

      <p>Charlotte fully intended on going as well. The “we” she used in her earlier request had actually included everyone present.</p>

      <p>“What are you...”</p>

      <p>As a figure to be protected, Charlotte would be nothing more than a hindrance. Words to dismiss her absurdity were on the tip of Francois’s tongue—but his mouth wouldn’t move. Her request was clearly ridiculous, yet for some reason, he couldn’t brush her aside.</p>

      <p>“Liselotte, you make an appeal too.”</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Your beauty may lay in your ability to remain elegant at all times, but you wish to go too, don’t you? In which case, you must speak up as well,” Charlotte said, seeing through what Liselotte was thinking in her silence.</p>

      <p>“Yes, I would like to go as well.”</p>

      <p>Liselotte nodded firmly, expressing her strong determination. She was normally the most rational person of them all, yet here she was trying to act irrationally—just like everyone else present.</p>

      <p>It was irrational. But why? Perhaps emotions lingered even after memories disappeared. However, the people in question didn’t know that.</p>

      <p>Emotions were a transient state. They eventually faded with time. Perhaps the panic that everyone was feeling was because they instinctively knew that. They feared their most important emotions would leave them, so they were trying to rush towards where their emotions were directing them.</p>

      <p>And it seemed that Francois was no exception to the group. As the king, he had to be the most rational person present, yet he was considering sending everyone off as scouts. He wanted to respect their wills, but he didn’t have any evidence that this was the best choice.</p>

      <p>In the end...</p>

      <p>“Very well... Make sure you take the utmost care.”</p>

      <p>With a heavy sigh, Francois allowed everyone to go investigate the situation.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>A mere one, two minutes ago, on the outskirts of Greille, capital of Duke Gregory’s territory in the Galarc Kingdom, one kilometer from the lake where the enchanted ships of the Galarc army were stopped...</p>

      <p><em>She’s dead. This time, for sure...</em></p>

      <p>The sword Rio had stabbed through Erica’s heart had disappeared. It had turned into particles of light like a spirit returning to its spirit form.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!”</p>

      <p>With the disappearance of his sword, Erica’s corpse fell forward. He tried to catch her and stumbled off-balance, teetering on the verge of falling with her.</p>

      <p>“Haruto.” Aishia materialized, supporting Rio’s body from behind.</p>

      <p>“Sorry. I suddenly lost my strength.” Rio hurried to straighten his posture, holding Erica in his arms. But Aishia pulled his body back towards her, making him lean against her for support. She looped her arms around his waist with care.</p>

      <p>“Don’t push yourself.”</p>

      <p>“I’m fine, I’m just a little tired,” Rio replied gently, not wanting her to worry.</p>

      <p>“It’s probably the recoil from activating the powers of a transcendent one. Your body is shouldering the burden,” Aishia said. Her elegant face was bordered with darkness.</p>

      <p>“Transcendent one... I see. But I’m fine, really.” Rio was befuddled by the unfamiliar term for a brief moment, then gently repeated to Aishia that he was fine.</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry. It’s my duty to lessen your burden, yet...”</p>

      <p>“I don’t really get it, but the burden on my body has reduced thanks to you, right? Can you explain what exactly happened?” Rio called out to her in an even brighter tone after seeing her miserable expression.</p>

      <p>“I will. But...”</p>

      <p>“Is something wrong?”</p>

      <p>“It’d be better not to meet the others. We have to leave this place. I will explain after,” Aishia suggested somewhat hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“I see... Will the others be in any danger if we leave?”</p>

      <p>“No. The danger is over for now. It’d be a bigger problem if we ran into everyone right now.”</p>

      <p>Rio thought for a moment, then nodded with a smile. “Okay. Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>He had the faint hunch there was an unavoidable reason for that.</p>

      <p>“Can you move yet?” Aishia asked, worried about how Rio was on the verge of falling earlier.</p>

      <p>“Yeah. I feel a lot better now. But before that...”</p>

      <p>With Erica in his arms, Rio stepped forward, supporting his own weight. He then used spirit arts to freeze Erica’s corpse.</p>

      <p>“<em>Conditum</em>,” he uttered to activate the Time-Space Cache. The solid block of ice containing Erica’s body was sucked into another space, vanishing before them.</p>

      <p>“What are you going to do?”</p>

      <p>“I can’t leave her as is... I’m pretty sure she’s dead this time, but I’ll keep an eye on her for a bit before I bury her in her home country. I promised her that much.”</p>

      <p>He was sure Erica was dead, but he couldn’t say the same for the other mysterious presence within her. He figured it would be best to store her corpse and keep an eye out for any sign of Erica’s reviving once again.</p>

      <p>“Everyone’s trying to come over here,” Aishia said, looking in the direction of the lake. Their view was obstructed by the clouds of dust in the air, but she could see the group trying to run over here in the distance. They had just begun to move. Orphia had summoned Ariel, so it would take them less than a minute to arrive.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go.”</p>

      <p>Sara and the spirit folk in the group would have noticed Aishia’s materialized presence. Rio activated his spirit arts and began to fly.</p>

      <p>“I will disappear.”</p>

      <p>Aishia turned into her spirit form and moved into Rio’s body. Rio then accelerated away, running from the approaching group.</p>

      <p>Just then, magic essence started to swell out of a point a few meters away from them. The source of the essence was a dirt-colored crystal-like stone lying on the ground. Its color had hidden it from Rio’s notice until it released a blinding light—</p>

      <p>“Wh...?!”</p>

      <p>Rio and Aishia immediately distanced themselves from the source of magic essence. The light expanded farther and farther in that time, until eventually, the light pouring out of the stone formed a single pillar, stretching towards the sky.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>At the sight of the giant pillar of light shooting up into the air, the group that was heading for Rio and Aishia’s location couldn’t help but come to a stop shortly after their departure. Miharu, Celia, Charlotte, and Liselotte had been riding on Ariel’s back as it flew at a low altitude.</p>

      <p>“W-Wait! What’s happening?!”</p>

      <p>Shaken by the sudden turn of events, Satsuki covered her face with one hand and summoned her Divine Arms in the other. The others were also bracing themselves for combat warily.</p>

      <p>However, in contrast to the scale of the phenomenon, there was practically no change to their physical surroundings. There was no strong wind, no heat wave, no destruction of the land. There was merely a giant pillar of light standing calmly.</p>

      <p>“Is that...teleportation sorcery?”</p>

      <p>Orphia, who had cast an essence barrier to protect everyone on the spur of the moment, detected a fluctuation of ode and mana unique to space sorcery.</p>

      <p>“I-It’s fine! It’s not a destructive phenomenon!” Sara yelled at everyone.</p>

      <p>“That being said, it’s a tremendous amount of power...”</p>

      <p>Alma covered her view with her hand. She could barely open her eyes. There was no way for her to confirm what was happening at the source of the light like this.</p>

      <p>After some time, the pillar of light faded.</p>

      <p>“Did it disappear?” Satsuki mumbled.</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>Deeming the danger to have passed for now, Gouki and Kayoko sheathed their weapons. But as they still didn’t know what was going on, they remained vigilant. They kept an eye on their surroundings carefully, ready to react to whatever might happen. Meanwhile...</p>

      <p>“That pillar of light just now...”</p>

      <p>Among the group were people who reacted as though the phenomenon was familiar: Celia, Liselotte, Charlotte, and Aria.</p>

      <p>“Have you seen it before?” Miharu asked Celia, both on Ariel’s back.</p>

      <p>“It’s similar to the hero summoning... No, it looked exactly the same. The color of the pillar was different from what I saw at the capital, but...”</p>

      <p>What Celia had once witnessed was the pillar of light that went up when Rui Shigekura was summoned to the Beltrum Castle.</p>

      <p>“Yes. I saw the same phenomenon when Lady Satsuki was summoned,” Liselotte pointed out.</p>

      <p>“Then...a new hero was summoned?”</p>

      <p>“Who knows?”</p>

      <p>Satsuki and Latifa exchanged confused looks.</p>

      <p>“Sara, Alma. The spirit presence detected earlier has disappeared,” Orphia reported, looking back at Ariel behind her.</p>

      <p>The one who had detected the presence had been her contract spirit, Ariel. The presence it had detected was, of course, Aishia.</p>

      <p>“Right... It seemed to disappear right before that pillar appeared.”</p>

      <p>Sara placed her hand across her chest and closed her eyes before speaking. She must have been speaking to her contract spirit, Hel.</p>

      <p>The contract spirits of the spirit folk girls—Hel, Ariel, and Ifritah—were mid class spirits that were unable to speak in the human language, but were capable of communicating their thoughts. They were connected to their contract partners on a spiritual level. Alma made a similar gesture as she communicated with her contract spirit, Ifritah.</p>

      <p>“Let’s go and check what happened. We have to head there anyway,” Charlotte directed.</p>

      <p>Thus, the group continued towards their destination. Gouki, Kayoko, and Aria took the lead, proceeding rapidly but cautiously.</p>

      <p>“Oh! There’s someone over there—two people!” Latifa exclaimed, pointing. Everyone’s gazes followed her finger to see a boy and girl standing together.</p>

      <p>“Those two are...”</p>

      <p>Once the dust clouds settled and they drew nearer, they could see the two figures much better.</p>

      <p>“Huh? Isn’t that...?!” As soon as she got a clear view of their faces, Satsuki’s eyes widened.</p>

      <p>“Why...?” Miharu, still on Ariel’s back, was also clearly shocked. The two people standing before the group were very familiar.</p>

      <p>The boy in particular had known Miharu and Satsuki for a very long time.</p>

      <p>“Masato?!” Latifa exclaimed.</p>

      <p>Indeed, standing in the place where the pillar of light had appeared was Sendo Masato, the twelve-year-old boy who had separated from Miharu after the banquet, moving to the great nation of Centostella to the south of Galarc.</p>

      <p>Beside him was the first princess of that nation, Lilianna Centostella. Masato and Lilianna appeared shaken, unsure of how to process the situation at hand. They were glancing around at their surroundings with uncertainty.</p>

      <p>However, they soon spotted Miharu and the others approaching them. At first, Masato drew the sword in his hand, standing before Lilianna to protect her. But then...</p>

      <p>“Miharu...and all of you...?!”</p>

      <p>He quickly realized it was Miharu he was looking at. His caution immediately disappeared as he lowered his sword, staring at the familiar faces in shock.</p>

      <p>The distance between the two groups closed quickly. Gouki stopped running in the lead when he was about ten meters away from them.</p>

      <p>“Are you acquainted with them...?” he asked Satsuki, who was right behind him.</p>

      <p>Satsuki explained their background to him. “Yes. He’s the younger brother of my underclassman from the world we came from. The person next to him is the princess of a neighboring kingdom.”</p>

      <p>“H-Hey, Masato! Was there someone else here just now?” Latifa asked, unable to suppress her restless emotions as she looked around.</p>

      <p>“Huh...? No, I didn’t see anyone,” Masato answered in confusion, sensing her unusual panic.</p>

      <p>“I see...”</p>

      <p>Latifa’s shoulders fell, although not entirely from disappointment. The others in the group were similarly bothered by their surroundings.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong, everyone?” Masato seemed to sense something was wrong from their moods. He inquired after the reason for their expressions.</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>