<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <meta content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="default-style"/>
  <title>Seirei Gensouki: Spirit Chronicles Volume 21</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <section epub:type="bodymatter chapter" id="chapter8">
    <div class="main">
      <h1>Chapter 8: Attack</h1>

      <p>The next morning, shortly after sunrise. Barely anyone had started their day yet, making Rodania completely silent.</p>

      <p>All of a sudden, the emergency alarm bell started ringing. Regardless of their social status, the noble class and commoners were equally roused from their sleep.</p>

      <p>Princess Christina was no exception either. She awoke in the guest house that was separate to the consulate, dressed in a hurry, then allowed Vanessa to bring her to the central office where all the figures of importance had gathered.</p>

      <p>“What is going on?!”</p>

      <p>By the time Christina entered, several of the important noble figures had gathered already. Duke Huguenot and Marquess Rodan were among them.</p>

      <p>“It’s an enemy attack. We have received word from the border fort that a fleet of enchanted airships have crossed the boundary from Count Savioe’s territory.”</p>

      <p>The lord of Rodania, Marquess George Rodan, gave his report with a grim face.</p>

      <p>“From Count Savioe’s territory...? If they fly at full speed, those airships will arrive at this city in around ten minutes.”</p>

      <p>Considering the time it took to receive the report, the Beltrum Kingdom’s fleet was likely to take less than ten minutes to arrive. However...</p>

      <p>“As you know, there is a lake located three kilometers west of Rodania. The fleet will probably land there.”</p>

      <p>The appearance of enchanted airships didn’t immediately signal the outbreak of war. The airships had to land somewhere to let the troops down, after which they needed time to assume their formations and prepare for attack.</p>

      <p>“Evacuate all noncombatants of the organization to the Galarc Kingdom while the enemy troops alight. Mobilize the army and order all civilians to take shelter.”</p>

      <p>“Understood. An airship is already being prepared for you to evacuate to Galarc with Sir Hiroaki and Princess Flora,” Duke Huguenot said in regard to Christina’s evacuation.</p>

      <p>“Are you telling me to abandon Rodania and flee?”</p>

      <p>“It is a temporary evacuation. We will be defending ourselves with the intention to win.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, please prioritize Sir Hiroaki and Flora.”</p>

      <p>“Are you refusing to evacuate, Your Highness...?”</p>

      <p>“It wouldn’t be right for the leader of the organization to flee first. If I choose to run, it will be after I evaluate the situation on the battlefield.”</p>

      <p>It seemed that Christina intended on staying in Rodania.</p>

      <p>“Very well... The question is who will take command of the defense...” Duke Huguenot wondered out loud, glancing at Marquess Rodan.</p>

      <p>“With all due respect, may I be allowed to take command?” Marquess Rodan offered. If Duke Huguenot was second in power regarding the Restoration’s administration, Marquess Rodan was second in power regarding military affairs. The two were the lead advisors to Christina in terms of administration and the military respectively.</p>

      <p>“This is your territory, after all. I’ll leave it to you.”</p>

      <p>Christina easily yielded command to Marquess Rodan.</p>

      <p>“Hey, what the hell is going on?!” Hiroaki burst into the central office. He was accompanied by Roanna and Flora.</p>

      <p>“We are under enemy attack. The Beltrum army has crossed the territory border and is marching towards Rodania,” Christina answered honestly, seeing no reason to hide the truth.</p>

      <p>“Are you serious...?”</p>

      <p>“The enemy fleet will reach the city in a few minutes. There should be a small window before the fighting starts, during which you will be evacuated to the Galarc Kingdom. The airship is being prepared as quickly as possible, so you should head to the harbor immediately.”</p>

      <p>“R-Right...” Hiroaki nodded nervously.</p>

      <p>“Flora, Roanna. You two will be heading to Galarc with Sir Hiroaki.”</p>

      <p>“What about you, Christina?”</p>

      <p>“As the First Princess, I cannot flee before everyone else. If I do have to evacuate, I will do so on a later ship.”</p>

      <p>“Then...”</p>

      <p>“Roanna, take Sir Hiroaki and go now. Prepare for evacuation immediately.”</p>

      <p>Christina cut off Flora to give orders to Roanna.</p>

      <p>“Understood. Sir Hiroaki, let us hurry.”</p>

      <p>“O-Okay.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki left the room at Roanna’s urging.</p>

      <p>“Flora, there’s something I must give you. Follow me. Leave the rest to Marquess Rodan and Duke Huguenot.”</p>

      <p>With those words, Christina took Flora and moved to another room.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>The chaos happening at Rodania was something Rio and Sora had noticed as well. They had set up the stone house outside the city yesterday, so they had also been woken up by the sound of the alarm bells.</p>

      <p>The two were currently above Rodania to observe the situation from the skies. The bells rang loudly on the ground below.</p>

      <p>“Everyone...”</p>

      <p>With his mask in his hand, Rio spotted Celia, Sara, Orphia, Alma, and Roland moving from the mansion to the guest house. The sight of that alone was enough to fill him with the urge to rush down. Sora was watching Rio’s expression from beside him with a vexed look.</p>

      <p>Until now, there had been no need for Rio to hold himself back from running to his friends. He could ask them what had happened and decide how to deal with things. But right now, Rio was unable to do that. His actions were restricted as a transcendent one.</p>

      <p>That is, transcendent ones were forbidden from supporting the interests of a specific individual or group. They could only use their powers for the sake of everyone.</p>

      <p>Now that he had become a transcendent one, breaking that rule and fighting for someone would result in Rio losing all his memories of that person. He could intervene without penalty as long as he had this mask Sora had given him, but...</p>

      <p>“There are only five masks, Dragon King,” Sora warned.</p>

      <p>Unfortunately, they were single-use items, and limited in number. Incidentally, this rule would activate even if Sora moved on Rio’s behalf. In terms of order, as the master, Rio would first lose his memories, which would then cause Sora to lose hers. Thus, Sora couldn’t go to save them either.</p>

      <p>“Yeah... Even if we make a move, it’ll be after we assess the situation a little more.”</p>

      <p>Rio calmed himself, continuing his observation of the situation unfolding in Rodania.</p>

      <p>“Those people no longer remember you, Dragon King. They won’t feel any gratitude if you save them. If you intervene over every little thing like this, there’ll be no end...” Sora mumbled so quietly, not even Rio could hear her words. The reason why she didn’t say it louder was because she had seen Rio’s profile and understood. Rio truly cared about those people down below...</p>

      <p>“...” Being unable to do anything but silently watch on had to be extremely painful. Rio clenched his fists without a word.</p>

      <p>Meanwhile, seeing Rio like that pained Sora.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>At the Rodania guest house, Christina had invited Flora into her bedroom. There, she took out a ring from the safe hidden in her closet and showed it to Flora.</p>

      <p>“Christina, that’s...” Flora blinked.</p>

      <p>“You’ve seen it before. This is the regalia used in the succession ceremony of the Beltrum throne.”</p>

      <p>“Y-You took it with you?!” Unaware, Flora was shocked.</p>

      <p>“Yes. This is an extremely important item, so you must take it and leave for Galarc first,” Christina said, using a cord to tie it around Flora’s neck like a pendant.</p>

      <p>“Okay...”</p>

      <p>“I don’t have time to explain the details. This is an item to be used in the near future. Until then, you must not show it to anyone. And if anything happens to me, you will be the one—”</p>

      <p>“N-No!” In a rare act for Flora, she cut off her sister in a rough tone.</p>

      <p>“What’s wrong with you?”</p>

      <p>“I will look after this, but I’m returning it to you. So don’t say anything like that.”</p>

      <p>Squeezing the regalia underneath her clothes, Flora objected to Christina’s unfinished sentence with a tearful look.</p>

      <p>“...Fine.” Christina nodded with a gentle smile. Just then, a panicked knock came from the door.</p>

      <p>“Come in,” Christina called out.</p>

      <p>Vanessa opened the door and stepped inside. “We’ve received more contact from a nearby fort. The enemy fleet has been spotted in the distance. Please return to the central office immediately.”</p>

      <p>“All right. Vanessa, take Flora to where Sir Hiroaki and Roanna are. Once you’ve escorted them to the harbor, return to the office.”</p>

      <p>“Yes, Your Highness!”</p>

      <p>Thus, Christina returned to the central office.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>“Professor Celia...”</p>

      <p>Christina was greeted by the addition of Celia and Roland in the central office. Sara, Orphia, and Alma had accompanied them as guards.</p>

      <p>“Duke Huguenot has explained the situation to us.”</p>

      <p>“In that case, you should all head to the harbor immediately. The airship is preparing to depart right about now.”</p>

      <p>“Okay...” Celia nodded hesitantly. She wanted to say she’d stay behind, but she didn’t know if she’d be of any use doing so. Besides, if Celia said she wanted to stay, Sara’s group might say the same. But they were outsiders—she couldn’t drag them into her personal matters, so she restrained herself.</p>

      <p>“Count Claire, you head to Galarc too.”</p>

      <p>“...Understood.”</p>

      <p>Roland probably wanted to stay back as well. But after a brief look of hesitation, he nodded slowly.</p>

      <p>With the situation as it was, there was no telling if Duke Arbor’s faction would adhere to their agreement. Yet at the same time, Christina’s side couldn’t act against the agreement either. If Roland offered his assistance here, he would be breaking the position of neutrality he previously agreed to.</p>

      <p>“Go now. Everyone, Professor Celia’s safety is in your hands.”</p>

      <p>“Right.”</p>

      <p>Entrusted with Celia, Sara and the others nodded.</p>

      <p>“I see them! It’s the main government’s fleet!”</p>

      <p>One of the upper nobles in the office pointed out the window and shouted. The office window looked over not only the city, but far past the city walls. He was pointing at the fleet of enchanted airships in the distant sky.</p>

      <p>“They’re here. Now hurry!”</p>

      <p>“Okay!”</p>

      <p>Celia and the others rushed towards the harbor.</p>

      <p>“Deploy the Aerial Knights for contact with the enemy,” Marquess Rodan ordered. A sorcerer on the veranda fired a signal flare up into the sky using magic. Shortly after, a hundred knights on griffins rose into the Rodanian sky.</p>

      <p>There were three hundred Aerial Knights in the Rodanian army, so exactly a third of them had been mobilized.</p>

      <p>However, this was merely a demonstration of Rodania’s preparations to counterattack. The standard wartime strategy would be for the incoming fleet to stop on the lake, allowing their foot soldiers to disembark and invade the city. Once the main army’s fleet landed on the water, the Restoration would temporarily withdraw the troops over the city.</p>

      <p>But something was wrong. The fleet of airships didn’t show any signs of deceleration. One and a half minutes later, they realized the fleet had passed the lake they were expected to stop on.</p>

      <p>“Don’t tell me... Do they intend on charging forward like this?”</p>

      <p>Unrest spread throughout the central office. It wasn’t because it was a bad move for them, but rather because they were unable to understand what the enemy was thinking.</p>

      <p>To the Aerial Knights, an airship was an easy target. Capturing a city by rushing the whole fleet at it was considered a suicidal move. Even if a portion of the ships landed in the city’s harbor, the loss of all the other ships would be devastating. The foot soldiers would be isolated in the city with no cover in the air. Thus, rushing at a city siege with a fleet like this was considered one of the worst plans possible.</p>

      <p>“Send the counterattack force to attack, but leave the backup unit behind. Concentrate fire at the approaching airships.”</p>

      <p>Marquess Rodan followed the common practice of warfare, immediately giving his perfectly reasonable orders for the situation.</p>

      <p>“R-Right away!”</p>

      <p>The sorcerer on the veranda fired another magic signal flare, sending out the orders. Soon, eighty new Aerial Knights had joined the others in the sky.</p>

      <p>“That’s...” Just then, Christina and the others noticed a group of people on griffins, approaching from a different direction to the fleet.</p>

      <p>“That appears to be the enemy’s vanguard.”</p>

      <p>“Such a small unit like that? Impossible, there must be more troops...”</p>

      <p>The incoming enemy unit was formed of a mere twelve soldiers. Considering how Rodania was a fortress city, there didn’t seem to be enough force for them to be a special attack unit. In fact—</p>

      <p>“They’re being far too reckless. Are they trying to die?”</p>

      <p>As Marquess Rodan said, it was a suicidal act. They were completely outnumbered. The moment they neared the city, they would be surrounded by the counterattack force and suffer concentrated fire from every angle.</p>

      <p>Sure enough, the Aerial Knights stationed above Rodania noticed the approaching unit. A few dozen knights moved to intercept them, creating a circular formation to surround them.</p>

      <p>“Is that...a demi-dragon? Are they Proxian forces?” Duke Huguenot spotted a single demi-dragon among the enemy’s forces.</p>

      <p>“But even so, a single demi-dragon can’t...”</p>

      <p>One creature couldn’t possibly have any effect on the suicidal outcome, Marquess Rodan decided implicitly. However, this judgment of his had been made on the assumption that the twelve people approaching were all regular Aerial Knights.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?”</p>

      <p>It wasn’t long until the upper nobles of the Restoration would learn that someone could be so powerful, they could overturn their entire knowledge of warfare.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Several minutes prior, once the city bells were ringing and the Beltrum fleet had drawn near, Charles and his squad began their attack on Rodania.</p>

      <p>They all mounted up and departed from the camp by the spring, advancing towards Rodania ahead of the main fleet. They continued flying until they were on the edge of the detection range of the Rodanian troops, where Charles called out to Reiss in a worried voice. “W-Will everything really work out like this, Mister Reiss? If we continue charging forward, the enemy will notice the attack.”</p>

      <p>Reiss scolded him lightly from the griffin beside him. “As I told you multiple times before we departed from the spring, just believe in the power of the heroes that dominated the Divine War.”</p>

      <p>During the planning stages of the attack, Charles had received a detailed explanation of everything. However, as the fortress city of Rodania drew closer, the apprehension within him increased as well.</p>

      <p>His hesitation was most reasonable as well. Invading a city with this many people was pure recklessness. The moment they charged at the enemy troops, they would immediately be surrounded and subjected to focused fire.</p>

      <p>No matter how amazing the hero’s power was explained to him in words, it was only natural for him to have his doubts until he witnessed Renji’s immense power in person.</p>

      <p>However, the defending Rodanian troops had already noticed their approach. The rhythm of the ringing bells changed. Griffin-riding Aerial Knights rose to the sky above Rodania.</p>

      <p>“It’s too late to turn back now,” Reiss said cheerfully.</p>

      <p>“Indeed so. I will believe in you!” Charles had also prepared himself.</p>

      <p>“Move as planned! I will charge forward and draw the enemy’s attention. You all stay back!” Renji called out to his comrades, showing no sign of fear.</p>

      <p>The mercenaries accompanying Reiss were all members of the Heavenly Lions. Among them were members who had participated in the attack on the Galarc Castle, such as Lucci, who had inherited Lucius’s sword, and Arein.</p>

      <p>“Heh. That’s some confidence,” Lucci muttered bitterly, but he slowed down as ordered. It seemed he had some faith in Renji’s power. Reiss, Arein, and the other mercenaries also decreased their speed. Charles tugged the reins of his griffin to follow suit.</p>

      <p>The winged lizard Renji was riding was the only one to accelerate towards Rodania.</p>

      <p>The vanguard of Aerial Knights from the Restoration had already begun to surround their squad. They began to chant their attack spells as Renji came within range.</p>

      <p>“Here he goes.” Reiss chuckled at the sight of countless spells closing in on Renji. In the next moment, Renji swung his halberd Divine Arms.</p>

      <p>“Wha...?!”</p>

      <p>The rain of attack spells was erased in a single wave of frosty air. That wave proceeded to swallow up the Aerial Knights, freezing them over in the blink of an eye. The cold air could be felt even by the squad behind Renji. Thus, as he watched the frozen enemies fall out of the sky—</p>

      <p>“Ha... Ha ha ha!” After a brief loss of words, Charles burst into exhilarated laughter.</p>

      <p>“Your woes were needless. See?”</p>

      <p>“Yes, I can see now that they were completely unfounded worries. How wonderful! With this power, we could control the city all by ourselves!” Charles shouted excitedly. If the same attack was used on the ground below, the city’s defense would be annihilated in an instant.</p>

      <p>“If damage to the city didn’t matter, then perhaps. But the hero’s attack hits far too wide of a range; it would cause devastation to the city itself. The best option would be to leave the ground troops to our soldiers, as planned.”</p>

      <p>Was their goal to take over administration of the city, or to reduce it until nothing was left? The tactics behind a war naturally changed according to the goal.</p>

      <p>“Indeed. Greater damages will hinder tax collection after occupation. I can’t believe such basics slipped my mind—my excitement got the best of me. We will continue with obtaining control of the air as planned and aim for control of the harbor before the main fleet arrives. Their top figures are most likely evacuating through the harbor right now.”</p>

      <p>Charles repeated the plan out loud to calm himself.</p>

      <p>“Very well. The enemy Aerial Knights are completely focused on Renji now. Things are about to get even more interesting.”</p>

      <p>The enemy seemed to have realized Renji was a major threat, as they were facing him with far more than a single squad. Almost all of Rodania’s Aerial Knights had been mobilized.</p>

      <p>“I will lure as many of the enemy out as possible, then hit them all with a large attack. Make sure you don’t move in front of me!” Renji warned, then charged into the enemy; he clashed with the Aerial Knights protecting Rodania all by himself.</p>

      <p>“Guh! Stop him!”</p>

      <p>“Surround him and fire your magic!”</p>

      <p>The Aerial Knights flew to surround Renji, firing their attack magic with desperation. But each swing of Renji’s halberd created a frosty shock wave through the area, erasing every spell within its range; that shock wave would hit the enemies that cast the spells, freezing them over. The Aerial Knights carefully maintained their distance while they attacked, but Renji had more attack methods than just a shock wave. He created spears of ice one after another, firing them in every direction. One by one the knights fell to the ground, whether it was by freezing over or being pierced by an ice spear.</p>

      <p>The entire aerial force of Rodania was completely preoccupied with Renji alone. The rest of the attack squad outside the city were able to watch on leisurely.</p>

      <p>“Man, you sure picked up a bargain, Mister Reiss,” Lucci said to Reiss.</p>

      <p>“Right? I almost want to scout him for us,” Arein added.</p>

      <p>“Whether or not he joins the Heavenly Lions aside, he may be joining you on your missions more often in the future.”</p>

      <p>“If every mission were like this, life would be a breeze,” Lucci joked lightly, making the other mercenaries laugh.</p>

      <p>The amiable atmosphere around them made it hard to believe a massacre was happening several hundred meters away, but the death of enemy soldiers was of no concern to mercenaries like them. It was merely a daily occurrence for them.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>In contrast, Charles’s subordinates were holding their breaths at Renji’s overwhelming power. Their expressions were closer to those of fear. What if he turned that power on them? That was the thought that flashed across their mind. Meanwhile—</p>

      <p>“What a marvelous sight. To think that the heroes had this much power... Could Sir Rui learn this too?”</p>

      <p>The change of position had provided Charles a change of perspective. He wondered if he could get his kingdom’s hero, Shigekura Rui, to be an active military asset as well.</p>

      <p>While he was entertaining such thoughts, the battle continued. Rodania wasn’t the Restoration’s headquarters for nothing. Losing here would equal losing their base. Everyone seemed to understand that, as they all fought desperately to repel Renji.</p>

      <p>“Heh. Your comrades are being defeated so one-sidedly, yet you’re still charging at me without fear. How gallant.”</p>

      <p>Renji glanced around at the enemies with an impressed look. Then, he grinned boldly. Part of the reason was because he was purely enjoying the battle, but another part of the reason was because he was pleased that the enemies were deploying exactly as they had planned.</p>

      <p>In other words, because Renji was currently deep within the enemy line, Rodania’s troops had completely broken their formation. Drawing the attention of as many enemies as possible before taking them all down with a single move was what Reiss had ordered of him.</p>

      <p>“Fine... I guess I’ll test the power I’ve learned on this battlefield.”</p>

      <p>Everything was set. Renji temporarily retreated to where Reiss and the others were to prepare his magic essence for his next big attack.</p>

      <p>Rodania’s troops chased after him. But that was a mistake.</p>

      <p>“O eternal cold, heed my wish and encroach upon the world.”</p>

      <p>For some reason, Renji started chanting a line that differed from the other spells of their world.</p>

      <p>This was a result of the lessons on spirit arts he had received from Reiss. After being taught that actions and words that enhanced the caster’s image of the spell increased the spell’s effect, he had come up with his own unique chant. He could control his Divine Arts even without saying anything out loud, but once he had confirmed that the chant actually had an effect, he decided to save it for before he was about to use his ultimate attack.</p>

      <p>The strongest attack Renji could do was an ice elemental attack.</p>

      <p>“<em>Endless Force Blizzard!</em>”</p>

      <p>Renji released a fan-shaped blast the temperature of absolute zero air at the knights flying above Rodania. The atmosphere froze over where the wave passed through, and any knight that touched the air instantly froze as well.</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p>The Aerial Knights at the rear gasped at the sight of their comrades falling one after another before them.</p>

      <p>“R-Retreat!”</p>

      <p>When they noticed the visible wave of cold air approaching, the remaining Aerial Knights turned to run from the attack. But the cold wave moved faster than a griffin could fly.</p>

      <p>“<em>Ignis Iecit!</em>”</p>

      <p>Some of the knights cast one-meter-wide fireballs at the wave, but the flames that burned at over a thousand degrees shattered the moment they touched the air.</p>

      <p>More than a hundred Aerial Knights were killed in an instant.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Christina and the others in the central office were helpless as they watched the Aerial Knights being frozen by Renji’s powerful attack.</p>

      <p>“Your Highness, Your Excellency,” Marquess Rodan said, addressing Christina and Duke Huguenot.</p>

      <p>“Yes?”</p>

      <p>“The reserve Aerial Knights will be deployed to protect the harbor with their lives. They will buy you the time to flee.”</p>

      <p>“But Sir Hiroaki and the others only just left...”</p>

      <p>The airship that Hiroaki and Celia boarded had left the harbor a mere one to two minutes ago. Christina found it questionable to leave so soon after declaring she wouldn’t be fleeing immediately.</p>

      <p>However, it was clear her response was just a bluff. After witnessing the defeat of over a hundred aerial troops in an instant, Christina’s face was frozen stiff.</p>

      <p>“As you can see, the airships in the rear guard are continuously deploying enemy Aerial Knights to attack. It is only a matter of time before we lose control of the air. Once that happens, we will have no means of retreat.”</p>

      <p>As Marquess Rodan described, Aerial Knights on griffins were taking off from the enemy airships that had decelerated. It was clear that they intended on using those troops to take out the remaining Rodanian knights and seize control of the air, allowing the fleet to land in Rodania’s harbor.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“Above all, we must be wary of that man riding the demi-dragon. That man is bad news. The situation is clearly not in our favor, and any further delay in judgment would be dangerous. Please consider departing,” Marquess Rodan pleaded earnestly.</p>

      <p>“What will you do?”</p>

      <p>“This is my territory.”</p>

      <p>That’s why he would remain. That was Marquess Rodan’s answer.</p>

      <p>“The residents haven’t even finished evacuating yet.”</p>

      <p>“Have you forgotten the agreement that you just signed?”</p>

      <p>“And they’re doing this right after the signing of that agreement! There’s no telling if Duke Arbor will even follow the agreement forbidding any harm to the residents of the kingdom... If I flee here, I will be seen as abandoning the people. We will lose the justification of our organization.”</p>

      <p>“That’s why I will remain as the territory lord. As I just said, this is my territory. Responsibility falls on me, not Your Highness. Besides, if it’s the main government that is invading, their goal will be to capture. There will be no justification to be concerned about if our defeat is finalized with your capture, Your Highness.”</p>

      <p>“You will still have Flora,” Christina said hesitantly.</p>

      <p>“I ask this with all due respect: Do you truly believe Princess Flora could serve as your replacement?”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“Please consider your own duty carefully.”</p>

      <p>Marquess Rodan kneeled before Christina; he had held the number two position in Duke Huguenot’s faction for a very long time. He had done some questionable things over the years to protect that position, but his career was not just for show.</p>

      <p>The nobles of Duke Huguenot’s faction valued their reputation and personal interests. However, they never looked down upon the royal family. Their respect for royalty was what allowed them to conduct themselves gracefully as nobility. Of course, not every one of them was like that, but Marquess George Rodan certainly was.</p>

      <p>“I understand... I am grateful for your loyalty. But that is why you are too valuable to lose here. Thus, I order you to survive. Do not die. After we have escaped, find a way to live—no matter how disgraceful. When we are reunited, I vow to repay your loyalty.” Knowing just how difficult that would be, Christina chose her words carefully.</p>

      <p>“It is my honor to hear that. Your Excellency, I leave Her Highness in your hands.”</p>

      <p>“Indeed.”</p>

      <p>Marquess Rodan and Duke Huguenot exchanged a serious look and nodded.</p>

      <p>Thus, Christina and Duke Huguenot’s evacuation was decided, and they quickly set off for the harbor to board the airship departing after Hiroaki and Celia.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Immediately after Renji used his attack to crush the Rodanian troops...</p>

      <p>“...” The overwhelming display of power had left Charles and his subordinates completely speechless.</p>

      <p><em>It seems the important figures have all evacuated to the harbor. Though Princess Christina still appears to be inside the main building...</em></p>

      <p>Meanwhile, Reiss was keeping a close eye on the enemy’s movements. When he spotted Hiroaki, Flora, and Celia on the road from the guest house to the harbor, he sneered.</p>

      <p>“Sir Charles.”</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“Sir Charles. Sir Charles.”</p>

      <p>“Wh-Wha? Oh, right. Yes, Mister Reiss?” Charles replied, snapping back to his senses.</p>

      <p>“We’ve discovered a rat. Your former fiancée is with them.”</p>

      <p>“What?” Charles stared in the direction Reiss pointed towards.</p>

      <p>“Princess Flora and their hero are there, but our main target is not. Princess Christina is probably still within the building, taking command.”</p>

      <p>“Hmm...”</p>

      <p>“Our allied Aerial Knights will soon arrive to clean up their remaining troops. Would you like us to seize control of the harbor? You could perhaps go after Princess Christina in the meantime.”</p>

      <p>If Charles could capture the leader of the Restoration, he would be commended greatly. It was an opportune chance to redeem his honor.</p>

      <p>“Then... May I leave the harbor to you?”</p>

      <p>“Of course.” Charles grinned.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>Some time before Renji used his powerful attack against Rodania’s Aerial Knights...</p>

      <p>“I’m sorry... I’ve dragged you all into something terrible,” Celia apologized while she waited for the carriage to leave the guest house.</p>

      <p>“There’s nothing for you to be sorry for.”</p>

      <p>“Yup, we’re escorting you out of our own will.”</p>

      <p>“I’m glad we could be here for you.”</p>

      <p>Sara, Orphia, and Alma replied brightly.</p>

      <p>“Thank you...” Faint tears welled in Celia’s eyes. Roland was watching his daughter and her friends with a warm expression.</p>

      <p>Shortly after that, the carriage for the harbor arrived. At the same time, the sky battle between Renji and the Aerial Knights had just begun.</p>

      <p>“Wha...”</p>

      <p>The spirit folk girls were wide-eyed at the sight of Renji blowing away dozens of attack spells at once. As skilled spirit art casters themselves, they could tell his ability was stupendous.</p>

      <p>“Please get on board. We will run alongside you as guards.”</p>

      <p>“Okay.”</p>

      <p>At Sara’s grim-faced urging, Celia and Roland boarded the carriage. But soon after they departed, at the bottom of the hill...</p>

      <p>“Celia, there’s a carriage stopped in front!” The report arrived from Sara outside.</p>

      <p class="centerp section-marking">◇ ◇ ◇</p>

      <p>The guarded carriage that Hiroaki, Flora, and Roanna boarded had departed from the guest house a mere minute before Celia’s did.</p>

      <p>“Are you serious...?” Hiroaki muttered, face twitching as he looked out the window at Renji’s fight.</p>

      <p><em>Is that guy a hero? Who does he think he is, fighting like that...?</em></p>

      <p>When he saw Renji’s face in the distance, he realized he was a fellow Japanese person.</p>

      <p><em>What the hell, man?</em></p>

      <p>A chill ran down Hiroaki’s spine as he watched Renji continuously use wide-ranged attacks, killing his opponents without a care in the world.</p>

      <p>His sensibility was what should have been the norm for a modern Japanese person that grew up with no war or conflict. There were many who would enjoy a harmless mock battle, but this was a real war with lives at risk.</p>

      <p>Any ordinary person would feel fear if their peaceful life in town was disrupted by war. Whether or not they had a means of fighting didn’t matter. Only those who had received military training would choose to participate in actively killing others—unless they lacked sanity or rationality in the first place, that is.</p>

      <p>Hiroaki was an ordinary person. Whether or not Renji was abnormal aside, he was willingly participating in the battle here.</p>

      <p>“Whoa!”</p>

      <p>Suddenly, the carriage stopped.</p>

      <p>“What happened?” Roanna immediately asked the driver.</p>

      <p>“We’ve found more subjects of protection. We were just about to explain the situation to them so that they can come with us to the airship.”</p>

      <p>“Subjects of protection...?”</p>

      <p>Roanna opened the carriage door out of curiosity, sticking her head outside.</p>

      <p>“Oh, it’s Roanna!”</p>

      <p>Someone called her name—it was Saiki Rei, one of the two boys who had been working with her a lot recently.</p>

      <p>“Rei, Kouta.”</p>

      <p>“What, is it just you two?” Hiroaki said, stepping down from the carriage.</p>

      <p>“Hiroaki!”</p>

      <p>The two immediately noticed Hiroaki.</p>

      <p>“Things are a mess right now ’cause of an enemy attack. You should all get in the carriage as well—”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki promptly invited the two to come along, when he noticed that it wasn’t just Rei and Kouta outside. Rei’s fiancée Rosa and her friend Mikaela were with them. There were others that Hiroaki didn’t know the names of, but they seemed to be a large group of noncombatant noble children.</p>

      <p>“All right, Kouta and Rei will run. The rest of you won’t fit in the carriage. Rosa and Mikaela, was it? You two get in.”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki decided on inviting the two he recognized by face into the carriage.</p>

      <p>“Erm...”</p>

      <p>They could see that the Second Princess Flora and Roanna of Duke Fontaine’s family were inside the carriage. Lower nobles like themselves couldn’t possibly intrude in the space of such important figures. Rosa and Mikaela attempted to decline the offer, but—</p>

      <p>“Go on, get in. Kouta and I are basically friends with Hiroaki, so you’re allowed this much.”</p>

      <p>Rei urged the two of them into the carriage, not bothering to give a proper explanation. Thus, the two of them boarded the carriage.</p>

      <p>“So why were you all out on the roads?”</p>

      <p>“All noncombatants were given the order to evacuate, so we were heading to the enchanted airships in the harbor.”</p>

      <p>“Then we’re headed the same way. Let’s get out of here.”</p>

      <p>While Rosa and Mikaela were boarding the carriage, Hiroaki exchanged information with Rei and Kouta. Just then, another carriage came down the road leading from the guest house.</p>

      <p>“Everyone...?”</p>

      <p>The people on board were the late-departing group from the guest house, Celia and Roland. Sara, Orphia, and Alma were escorting the carriage.</p>

      <p>“Professor Celia,” Roanna called out as Celia got out of her carriage.</p>

      <p>“Roanna... This carriage still has space. Those without a means of self-defense can get on first,” Celia offered to Roanna, immediately reading the situation.</p>

      <p>The sky above Rodania turned into a world of ice shortly after that. Renji released his absolute-zero air wave, wiping out the Aerial Knights of Rodania. At the sight of a hundred-odd knights freezing over and falling out of the sky, Celia doubted her eyes.</p>

      <p>“Huh...?”</p>

      <p>And she wasn’t the only one. Although they hadn’t been touched by Renji’s ice wave, everyone with her was frozen in shock.</p>

      <p>“This is bad...” Sara mumbled. As another caster of the ice element, she instinctively knew from that cold wave that he was a greater caster than her.</p>

      <p>“Celia, please hurry to the harbor as fast as you can,” she said with urgency.</p>

      <p>“Huh?”</p>

      <p>“Hurry! If he comes this way, we’re doomed!”</p>

      <p>“R-Right! Roanna!”</p>

      <p>Celia whipped around to Roanna.</p>

      <p>“E-Everyone, hurry to the harbor!” Roanna shrieked, causing everyone there to start rushing away. Hiroaki also made to board the carriage in a fluster.</p>

      <p>But before they could set off again, Renji and Reiss rapidly descended to where they all were.</p>

      <p>“They’re coming!” Alma screamed, bracing the mace in her hand. Sara and Orphia also prepared themselves for battle, grabbing their dagger and bow respectively.</p>

      <p>“Damn it...”</p>

      <p>Hiroaki hesitated over whether to get on the carriage or not. He felt like doing so would result in even more danger—so he took out his Divine Arms and readied himself for battle as well.</p>

      <p>“Hah!” Renji accelerated on his demi-dragon, gliding rapidly through the air over their heads. He jumped down from the demi-dragon’s back once he passed them, landing gracefully in the middle of the path to the harbor.</p>

      <p>He slammed the end of his halberd against the ground. A thick wall of ice immediately rose behind him, sealing the road off.</p>

      <p>“The harbor is off limits. You shall not pass,” he announced to Hiroaki and the group before him.</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>The group stood there speechless, with one exception.</p>

      <p>“Ah... I can tell how you’re a delusional punk trying to live his fantasy daydreams from that one line alone. ‘Off limits’? ‘You shall not pass’? You’re just saying whatever you think sounds cool. But being such a tryhard just makes you look like an idiot instead. Nice way to introduce yourself.”</p>

      <p>Was it because he had ascertained that the other was Japanese? Or was it because he believed that other heroes had the same level of strength as himself? Perhaps Renji’s youthful face and small frame made him appear as less of a threat.</p>

      <p>The first thing Hiroaki did after opening his mouth was mock Renji.</p>

      <p>“What did you just say?”</p>

      <p>“You’re a hero, aren’t you? An ice one.”</p>

      <p>“And you’re the water hero. Your name was...”</p>

      <p>Reiss must have given him information in advance, as Renji seemed to know Hiroaki was the hero of water. However...</p>

      <p>“...”</p>

      <p>“Well, whatever.”</p>

      <p>He had apparently forgotten Hiroaki’s name.</p>

      <p>“Then at least tell me yours.”</p>

      <p>Renji shook his head in annoyance. “I have no reason to.”</p>

      <p>“Then I’ll call you a delusional brat,” Hiroaki said with a smirk.</p>

      <p>“I’m a high schooler,” Renji said sullenly.</p>

      <p>“Ah? You’re so short I thought you were in middle school. Especially considering the fantasy delusions and all.”</p>

      <p>“It seems you want to die today.”</p>


</div>
</section>
</body>
</html>